VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 111.
THE PORT OF SANTA CRUZ, TENERIFFE, CANARY ISLANDS, Where the Spanish Tor
pedo Fleet Ha& Been Halted on Its Way to the West Indies. Santa Cruz Has Direct
Cable Connection With Cadiz and, by Way of Pernambuco, Brazil, With Havana.
SPAIN FORTIFYING
HOME PORTS AND
THE PHILIPPINES
By the 15th of May the Madrid
Government Will Have Reached
the Zenith of Its Fighting
Strength.
NEW YORK, March 20.—
A special to the Herald from
Washington says: Information
has reached the authorities that
Spain is actively fortifying her
home ports and those in the
Philippine Islands. This is one
of the many preparations which
the Spanish Government is mak
ing' for emergencies of the
future. According to informa
tion in the hands of the authori
ties the entrances to Manila har
bor are being prepared for the
reception of mines, which can
be placed down at a moment's
notice in the event that war is
declared. This is also true of
some ports of Spain.
Commodore George Dewey, com
manding the Asiatic squadron, is keep
ing a sharp watch on the movements
of Spanish official^ in the Philippines,
and he advises the department as soon
as possible of what they are doing in the
line of putting ports in such condition
as to resist offensive movements of his
squadron, which is stationed at Hong
kong, 600 miles away.
The vessels comprising his squadron
are the cruisers Olympia, Boston and
Raleigh, and the gunboats Petrel and
Concord. This squadron will be re
enforced within two weeks by the
cruiser Baltimore, which left Honolulu
on March 17 for Hongkong With this
force at his command it is believed by
the department that Commodore Dewey
will not have any difficulty in destroy
ing the five Spanish gunboats which are
in Philippine waters and reducing the
fortifications of Manila and other points.
Naval preparations are being pushed
with the utmost vigor by the Spanish
authorities.
Information which has reached the
naval attache of the Government in
Madrid is to the effect that Spain will
reach the zenith of her naval strength by
the 15th of May. By that time all her
battleships and torpedo boats and tor
pedo boat destroyers now under con
struction will be finished. Her naval
force in commission will therefore be
increased within the next two months
by the battle-ships Pelayo, Numancia
and Vittoria. The Princesa de Asturias
will not be ready for service for several
months, although Spain is workinc
night and day on her and i pushing
her completion in every way possible.
It is known by officials that iust as
soon as Spain completes work on these
vessels they will be placed in commis
sion and sent to the Canary Islands,
where the torpedo boat flotilla is an
chored. This point is some 700 miles
nearer to Cuba than is C 2 "!z. and it will
be naturally to Spain's interests to sta
tion the fleet at this point.
The plan of campaign which will
be followed by this Government, as the
Herald has stated, will be to intercept
the flotilla in case it should attempt to
cross from the Canary Islands to Porto
Rico unattended by a fleet, and it will
be an easy, task to destroy it in daytime
The San Francisco Call
I as the armament of these vessels will
j have to be removed in order to permit
i them to make the cruise.
RELIEF FOR THE
STARVING CUBANS
Money and Twenty-one Carloads of
Supplies Sent From Missouri,
Kansas and Oklahoma.
KANSAS CITY, 1 arch 20.— A relief
fund of $9033 and twenty-one carloads
of provisions and clothing collected in
Missouri, Kansas and Oklahoma for the
starving Cubans were forwarded south
from Kansas City to-day. These relief
measures are being carried out under
the management of the Kansas City
Star, and agents of the Star will aid in
the distribution at Matanzas, under the
direction of United States Consul Brice.
This relief is being carried free on a
special train over the Memphis road to
Memphis, then over the Illinois Central
to New Orleans. The United States
Government has granted the transpor
tation from New Orleans to Matanzas.
The principal articles of food sent are
wheat, flour, cornmeal, rice, potatoes,
rolled oats, condensed milk and soup
extracts. The contributions of clothing
include a great number of calico dresses
for women and children, mostly of the
"Mother Hubbard ' pattern, made by
various church sewing circles.
SHOT AND SHELL FOR
FORTS AND BATTERIES
Large Quantities of War Material
Being Sent for the Defense of
Pensacola Harbor.
PENSACOLA, Fla., March 20.—Pow
der, shot and shell continue to arrive
here in large quantities for the forts
and batteries defending the harbor.
Three of the eight big mortars for the
new battery on Santa Rosa Island have
also arrived and they will be mounted
as quickly as possible. There is great
activity at Fort Pickins. In addition
to the six and eight inch rille guns a
fifteen-inch Run is beine: mounted In
the fort. Captain J. W. McMurray,
commanding the two batteries of the
Fourth Artillery at Fort Barrancas, has
been promoted to be major of the Fifth
Artillery. The work of deepening and
widening the new channel on the bar is
progressing steadily and the largest
merchant steamships now pass through
it without difficulty. It is expreted that
twenty-eight feet of water will soon be
obtained.
Eighty Recruits Forwarded.
COLUMBUS. 0., March 20.— Eighty
recruits have been forwarded from the
Columbus Post up to date for the new
artillery regiments, and as many more
are now at thr post under instructions.
A high standard for enlistment Is
fixed, and fully four-fifths of those ap
plying are rejected.
Prisoners Sent to Barcelona.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 20.— The prisoners
arrested with Newspaper Correspond
ent Lame were sent on board a steam
er to-day to Barcelona. Juan de Dios
Romero, charged with aiding rebels,
was arrested yesterday. _, _.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1898.
TORPEDO BOATS
AND DESTROYERS
BADLY NEEDED
As Enough of These Vessels Can't
Be Bought Abroad Long Will
Place Emergency Con#
tracts at Home.
NEW YORK, March 20.— A
Washington special to the Her
aJd says: In order to strengthen
the navy where it is weakest
Secretary Long is contemplating
the placing of contracts for the
rapid construction of torpedo
boat destroyers and torpedo
boats. This matter is under seri
ous consideration on account of
the failure of efforts of represen
tatives of this Government
abroad to purchase destroyers
and sea-going torpedo boats. Al
though the United States naval
attaches and diplomatic repre
sentatives have been negotiating
with ship builders and Govern
ments for the last two weeks for
the purchase of vessels of this
type no success whatever has at
tended their efforts, and It is
apparent, according to state
ments made by naval officials,
that it is practically Impossible
to add such boats to the navy
by purchase from foreign ship
builders.
In view of this fact and of the pos
sibilities of the future Secretary Long,
in accordance with the recommendation
of the Roosevelt strategic board, which
completed its work the first of last
week, telegraphed on Friday to ship
builders in all parts of the country re
questing that they inform him at once
of their price for building destroyers
and torpedo boats. Destroyers, the Sec
retary stated, must be of 350 tons dis
placement and capable of steaming at
a rate of thirty knots per hour, and
must be finished within the shortest j
possible time. Torpedo boats, the Sec
retary added, were to be of fifty tons
displacement, each with a speed of
twenty knots or more. These boats are
to be for torpedo defense only.
In response to the telegrams Lewis
Nixon of the Crescent Shipbuilding
Works of Elizabethport, N. J., and
other representatives of shipbuilding
firms, came to Washington yesterday
and conferred with the Secretary and
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt, but no
contracts were let. I understand that
Mr. Nixon offered to build torpedo
boats within thirty days, working night
and day. This is considered a good
proposition by the department and has
been taken under serious advisement.
It is appreciated by the officials that
it will take longer to build torpedo
boat destroyers than torpedo boats.
Chief Naval Constructor Hichborn es
timates that by working night and day
a ship-builder ought to finish a de
stroyer within four months, and tor
pedo boats In less time. The Chief Con
structor is in favor of placing heavy
penalties in all contracts made in case
•builders should fail to deliver on time,
and offset this penalty to give a high
premium for every da'- that the boat
is delivered ahead of time. This matter
has been brought to the attention of
department officials and will, undoubt
edly, be adopted.
Should Secretary Long decide to
abandon entirely the efforts to get de
stroyers and torpedo boats abroad, It
is explained he will at once make con
tracts for these types of vessels. A de
partment official with whom I talked
told me this Government ought to have
at least fifteen destroyers and suffi
cient torpedo boats to place a number^
In each harbor for defence of cities
located on the shores. It If feared by
officials in favor of the report of the
Rodgers board that the department
will not be able to secure yachts which
will be suitable for torpedo-boat de
stroyers, although It is expected that
a number of seagoing tugs and small
yachts will be acquired and converted
into torpedo boats. The most pressing
need of the navy to-day, however, ac
cording to the officials, is tornedo-boat
destroyers, and all their efforts are be
ing directed toward the acquirement of
this type of boat.
Brings Smokeless Powder.
NEW YORK March 20.— The Nor
wegian steamer Xorkin, which arrived
this morning from Hamburg, brought
twenty-five tons of smokeless gunpow
der for the United States Government
She anchored in Gravesend Bay to dis
charge the powder into lighters.
Kunning Day and Night.
BETHLEHEM, Pa., March 20.— The
Bethlehem Iron Company's ordnance
works were working to-day, for the
first Sunday in the company's history.
The plant is running day and night
and over 2000 hands are busy.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
—Unsettled weather Monday
fresh southwesterly wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 54 degrees
Portland ...„ .-. 48 degrees
Los Angeles ....64 degrees
San Diego.... 60 degrees
:: »■■', FIRST PAGE.
Spain Fortifying. Ports.
Uncle Sam Must Build Boats.
McKinley's Message and Demand.
SECOND PAGE.
General Moore for Alliance.
Congress and Cuba.
Spain a Very Weak Foe.
Food for the Cubans.
THIRD PAGE.
Black Jack's Gang Exterminated.
Young Sacramento Forger.
The Omaha Exposition.
Big Wheat Deal Closed.
: Threatened Clash in Alaska. '
Fatal Battle With a Negro.
FOURTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Prepared for Peace or War.
Clearer Commercial Skies.
Season of Fetes and Flowers.
Poolrooms and Opium Joints.
The Postal Deficit.
Has Gone Too Far. fc
"Individual , Thoughts," by a Modest
Critic. .
News of Foreign Navies.
Stories From the ! Corridors.
Answers to Correspondents.
PAGE FIVE.
News Along the Water Front.
Regular Army Matters."
Coming Police Promotions.
On the Rifle Ranges.
SIXTH PAGE. ,
In Memory of Miss Willard.
A Cattle King Seeks Revenge.
A Coming Convention.
Good and Bad Pools. , ,\V
Stabbed Herself to the Heart.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Musicians at a Picnic.
National Guard Affairs.
News From Across | the Bay.
;. EIGHTH PAGE.
The Day at ; the Churches.
NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages; Deaths.
TENTH PAGE.
Coursing at . Two Parks.
Electrometers Work for ' Their
•: t Owners. ._■. _ ... .
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
PREPARING DEMANDS
AND A PITHY MESSAGE
Formulating a Note of Representation to
Spain and Information for
Congress.
_ ——————
Conclusions and Report of the Maine Court of In
quiry Will Be Promptly Followed by the
Recognition of the Independence
of Cuba.
NEW YORK, March 20.—
The Herald's Washington cor
respondent telegraphs: Having
positive knowledge that the re
port of the Naval Court of In
quiry investigating the cause of
the Maine disaster will show that
the vessel was destroyed by an
external agency, President Mc-
Kinley is now engaged in form
ulating a note of representation
to Spain and a message on the
subject to Congress.
In furtherance of his proposition,
previously announced in the Herald,
the President intends to take Congress
into his entire confidence, and to sub
mit the full text of the report, together
with the findings and with a statement
setting forth that he has made vigorous
diplomatic representation to Spain. It
is also intended to send all the Cuban
correspondence to Congress at an early
date.
These conclusions have been finally
arrived at as a result of unofficial in
formation coming from official sources
which reached the President yesterday
from Rear Admiral Sicard. who con
vened the Court of Inquiry, and who is.
therefore, empowered to discus 9 with
the court the evidence it has taken and
the findings it has reached. I can state
authoritatively that the report of the
Court of Inquiry has not yet been sub
mitted to the President or received in
Washington, but it is confidently ex
pected it will be here by Tuesday.
As a result of the receint of Rear Ad
miral Sicard's communication, I can re
peat with emphasis what has already
been stated in the Herald, that the court
has found that the destruction of the
battleship Maine was clearly due to an
outside cause, in which the Spanish had
no official participation, and that the
court has been unable to definitely de
termine the person or persons respon
sible for this cause.
It will acquit the officers and men of
any blame in connection with the dis
aster, on the ground that the ship was
in excellent condition at the time, and
that the second explosion resulted from
the first, which took nlace on the port
side, directly under fr* forward maga
zine. The contents of this magazine
were detonated by a primary explosion;
and the ship was consequently de
stroyed.
The information contained in Rear
Admiral Sicard's letter confirms in
every particular the deductions made by
the Herald from the discovery of the
keel plates of the Maine above water,
made by Ensign W. V. f owelson. The
court has laid specific stress upon this
discovery.
Although the President has been led
to expect just such a finding as reported
by Rear Admiral Sicard, he was not
fully prepared to definitely outline his
policy until he obtained the information
which has just come to hand. Mr. Mc-
Kinley realizes that the publication of
the report is likely to create a profound
sensation in Congress, even though the
court is unable to connect the Spanish
Government with the crime. But he has
not abandoned his purpose of treating
the question judiciously and diplomatic
ally. He appreciates that Congress and
the country have a right to all the in
formation in his possession, and it is
with this idea in mind that he intends
to transmit the report and findings to
Congress at once.
As another indication of the adminis
tration's purpose tc take prompt action
on the court's report, I learned to-day
that telegraphic instructions were sent
to Rear Admiral Sicard some days ago
directing that he request the court to
make two copies of its record and find
ings. One of these will be for Con
gress, the other for Spain. With the
first will go the President's message;
with the second his demand for immedi
ate reparation. v It is not the desire of
the President 'to pre.cinitate action .: by
Congress pending diplomatic negotia
tions for settlement of the Maine disas
ter, and it is, therefore , . not likely that
he will make any recommendations as
t-> the course Congress ■ shall pursue.
On the contrary, his message will show
that he is dealing' with the matter in a
vigorous, diplomatic way and that he
will promptly communicate further as
soon !as Spain's reply is received.
.If the reply .is • not satisfactory Con
gress will then be in position to share
the responsibility ; with the President
for i any i further • -action .' that i may be
necessary; py : Ggvernp^eat pu.tgl^g.
the usual diplomatic channels. It is the
firm expectation <'f the administration
that Spain in repy to the President's
representation wE forward the report
of the Spanish Co-.rt of Inquiry, which
will find that the jessel was destroyed
by an internal cau^e, due to negligence
of one of the officers or members of the
crew. Then will <:orae a diplomatic
clash, the outcome: of which can hardly
be anticipated.
It is surmised that Spain will suggest
arbitration, and in view of this possi
bility the authorities are already dis
cussing how they will meet the propo
sition if it comes. Conservative mem
bers of the Cabinet will be inclined to
recommend the adoption of such a
course, but so much depends upon tine
temper and possible action of Congress
that it is hard to say what the final
decision will be on this point.
As previously stated in the Herald
the Maine disaster will at first be
treated independently of the general
Cuban question, but it will be consid
ered as a kindred subject in connection
with future action looking to the ending
of the war in Cuba. Just at the present
time the authorities are feeling the
pulse of other foreign countries as to
whether they would follow the action
of the United States in recognizing the
independence of Cuba in case that step
should be taken.
Jt is believed, if the President
can receive the assurances of Great
Britain and South American countries
that they will join in such recognition,
that he will act in this direction im
mediately. In this connection a promi
nent member of the Cabinet said to
me to-day:
"My judgment, from the tone of the
British press, is that England and
other European nations would, in the
interest of humanity. If for no other
motive, Join the United States in
bringing to an end the distress now
prevailing in Cuba.. In dealing with
the M?aine disaster this Government
must be able to satisfy the world that
the destruction of the ship was brought
about through the agency of the
Spanish Government before we can de
mand damages. The question of dam
ages is a subject for arbitration, but
there is nothing to arbitrate in the act
of recognizing Cuban independence.
"As much as we deplore the terrible
calamity which befell the Maine and
her gallant crew, we must demonstrate
beyond question that the Spanish Gov
ernment is directly or indirectly re
sponsible. To my mind tne great ques
tion to be met, and met promptly, is
whether the United States shall inter
vene to put a stop to the cruel and de
vastating conflict that is now going on
in Cuba. As I said, I believe all civil
ized nations will Join the United States
in such a humanitarian and Christian-
like act."
♦
AUTHORITATIVE STATEMENT
OF EXTERNAL EXPLOSION.
It Is Given in Secret Instructions
Returning Captain Sigsbee
to Active Duty.
HAVANA, via Herald-Call dispatch-
boat Triton to Key West, Fla., March
20. — The first announcement on author
ity that the Maine was destroyed by
an external explosion, and that the
Court of Inquiry so finds, has been re
ceived here. It comes in the form of
secret instruction from Washington
to Captain Sigsbee that he is to be re
turned to active duty. This announce
ment sets all doubt aside, for the rea
son that any other finding than de
struction by means of force externally
applied would mean a court-martial
for Captain Sigsbee.
No date has been set for the cap
tain's departure from Havana, but he
understands that as soon as the demo
lition of the Maine proceeds a little
further he will be called to Washing
ton and his ship will technically go out
of commission. As soon as proper ar
rangements can be made and a crew of
men and officers be gathered together
he will take charge of one of the
additions to the new American navy.
Should President McKinley be success
ful in his efforts to purchase the O'Hig
gins and San Martino, Captain Sigsbee
will be given command of one of those
fighting monsters, so his friends in
Washington have been assured.
To the superficial observer there has
been little change in Havana during the
past week. The local press, however,
has assumed a more radical tone. The
censor now permits the publication
daily of inflammatory articles hereto
fore carefully suppressed.
More than all the causes for the in
creased surliness and hostility shown
toward Americans is the undoubted
fact that Spaniards here begin to be
lieve the Government at Washington
is disposed to yield whenever Sagasta
makes some vigorous protect. This
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE EXPLOSION
WAS EXTERNAL.
LONDON, March 2i.— The
morning papers publish a
long statement by Seaman
Newman, recently arrived in
England, who was on board
the Maine at the time of the
disaster in Havana harbor.
Newman solemnly declares
the explosion was external
and on the port side of the
ship.
dent of the Fern's dispatch with relief
stores to Matanzas and Sagua, after it
had been previously announced that tha
Nashville and Montgomery would go.
Spaniards firmly believe their Govern
ment's protest against formidable ves
sels being employed for this purpose
caused our change of programme.
They are not slow either to attribute to
similar causes the reported partial
sea ttering of our squadron at Key West
and the sailing of certain ships for
Hampton Roads. Coincident with this
Increased confidence, not to say arro
gance, among loyal Havanese is noted
an increased exuberance of patriotic
demonstrations.
m
HOLD CONFERENCES
EVEN ON SUNDAY.
President McKinley Beceives Cabinet
Members and Others Interested
in War Preparations.
WASHINGTON, March 20.—Presi
dent McKinley did not attend church
this morning as is his custom, but in
stead spent two hours or more in con
ference with several members of the
Cabinet. Assistant Secretary Day
called about 10:30 and remained until
nearly noon. Secretary Long and Sec
retary Bliss were the other members
present. They remained less than an
hour.
Commander Clover, in company with
Mr. Flint, who has been acting for the
Government in the negotiations for the
purchase of ships, also called, and
were shown into the President's pri
vate office. The members of the Cabi
net on leaving the White House said
that there was no special significance
in the meeting this morning. The re
port of the Board of Inquiry had not
been received, nor was it definitely
known when it will reach here. It was
1 _ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j£^g&to__- <r The chair mads
(/FY9i£sgifa!&Pfy* r^&*gi3 vacant by death is
J^^p-^^y?>^r^i^^n^mindeT. It is es-
InSp ' I USS^jr^^J there are vacant
J v %y W"^fjrJ^ 'JT J chairs that would
radiant mothers if
i women would but realize the importance of
| keeping well in a womanly way. Women
cannot too soon understand that it Is little
less than a crime to neglect the health
of the organs to which are intrusted the
perpetuation of a. healthy, robust race
iof human beings. By neglect of these
organs a woman ruins her own health, de-
stroys the happiness of her home, and fails
in the performance of the most sublime
duty that she owes to the world.
The best medicine for, women who are
'■■ weak where Nature demands the most
strength is Dr. Pierce'B Favorite Prescrip-
| tion. It acts directly upon the organs that
make [ motherhood possible. It - cures all
weakness and- disease that exists there an£
! stops all distressing, debilitating drains. It
1 prepares a woman for motherhood and in-
sures a healthy baby. It makes the coming 1
of baby easy and almost painless. Drug-
gists who offer something "just as good"
are either ignorant or dishonest and in
either case. are not t6 be trusted.
" I had been a great sufferer for years with fe-i
male weakness." writes. Mrs. John Downie, of
No. 243 Lexington Avenue, Eddystone. Delaware
Co., fa. " Could not walk three squares without
terrible suffering. I also had a pain in my left
side for seven years— until I used Dr. Pierce' 9
Golden ; Medical Discovery, .' Favorite Prescrip-
tion ' and ' Pleasant Pellets." My pain has left
me altogether. Have had no symptoms of it at
all for two years. : Can walk two or three miles at
a time and it does not hurt me. I cannot recom-
mend Dr. Pierces medicines highly enough. My
daughter also has used your medicines with great
benefit. She was operated upon for appendicitis
and had fainting spells from it. She took the
Golden Medical Discovery.' ' Favorite Pre-
scription,' 'Extract of Smart -Weed,', and the
' Pleasant Pellets ' and has not had any. feint-
ing spells for one year. When she commenced
to take it she weighed : 95 ". pounds - now she
weighs 140 pounds." ;
Constipation ! It is the fountain-head of
—.any • diseases. It causes impure blood
and all manner of disorders are the result.
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure constipa-
tion. .' Promptly. " Surely. Permanently.
Tbey aevef grip?. Druggists «ell them2
GENERAL MOORE
FAVORS ALLIANCE
Commander of the British Land
Forces in North America
Speaks on the Pros
pect of War.
NEW YORK, March 20. — General Montgomery Moore of Halifax,
N. 8., commander of the British land forces in North America, spent
Sunday in Boston.
"What do you think of the suggestion of an alliance of the two Eng
lish-speaking nations?" he was asked to-night.
"That has long been talked of, and I think it desirable, but we have
an Idea that many of your people do not have any too much affection
for Great Britain. We think that the history you teach in your public
schools does not do England justice, and that it tends to prejudice the
young against us. The English have great pride in the fact that they
planted colonies here which have produced this vast republic, and
think we should be closely allied."
"Do you think that war will be the outcome of the Maine affair?"
"No, I do not. It would be deplorable if it should. It would set
civilization back many years. I do not think there will be any cause
for war. Nothing is known of course, officially, but I am inclined to
think the explosion was of an internal character. These things have
happened in our own navy. It is seldom, or almost never, that a con
spiracy is so completely successful as to destroy a vessel so utterly as
was the Maine."
"If it shall be shown that the disaster was not caused internally,
general, do you think the United States will have ground for any de
mand upon Spain for reparation?"
"It is preposterous to think that the Spanish Government could
have been concerned, but if any of her servants did it, I think the law
of nations would compel her to make reparation and discipline the of
fenders. If one of my servants should drive over a man in the street,
I should bo legally responsible. So it would be if a servant of the
Spanish Government blew up the Maine. But if the deed was done by
desperadoes, Ido not think Spain could be held responsible. I should
not want to express a decided opinion upon this point, but warships
would be unrioeirable visitors in friendly ports if the nation in whose
port they were visiting had to become insurers of their safety under
all conditions."
expected, however, early in the pres
ent week, and as soon as received it
would be handed at once to trie Presi
dent, and when it has been read by the
President it will be made public. Sec
retary Long, in speaking of the report,
said that while fully realizing its im
jh.nance, the country, in his opinion,
would willingly accord to the President
a day or two for its consideration. The
Indications seem to be tTiat the report
will be made -üblic by the middle of
the present week.
The presence of Charles R. Flint at
the conference naturally gives in
ference that the President and his ad
visers are discussing the question of ac
quiring additional ships. Mr. Flint
whose commercial interests are largely
with South American countries, is be
lieved in a measure at least to repre
sent Chile and Argentina in negotia
tions which are under way for the dis
position of their war vessels. A re
porter to-day asked Mr. Flint if he
could say wether or not the United
States had secured possession of the
Chilean ship O'Higgins and the Argen
tine ship San Martino, but he declined
to make any statement as to the par
ticular feature of the subject. When
pressed for information in regard to the
matter he replied: "Both Chile and the
Argentine Republic have the warmest
friendship and admiration for the
United States and her institutions.
Neither country is anxious to sell its
ships to this Government, basing the
Indisposition on the belief that we have
an excellent navy of our own. They
want these vessels themselves. If the
time should come, however, when it
was apparent that the United States
needed these vessels they would gladly
part with them to us."
The attention of Mr. Flint was called
to the published report that the United
States would purchase the Brazilian
torpedo boat Tuby, but he said it was
not done so far as he was aware, as
there were no negotiations under way
to that effect.
Aside from the meeting of several
members of the Cabinet at the White
House there were no incidents of im
portance during the day. Judge Day,
Assistant Secretary Adee, Chief Clerk
Michael and other officials were at the
department, but this has been quite
common during the recent month. Also
at the War and Navy Departments a
number of the chiefs of bureau were
at the-ir desks for several hours, mainly
for the purpose of disposing of the busi
ness which recently has accumulated so
rapidly.
The most interesting topic of the day
was based on the dispatches from Ha
vana, indicating a prospective confer
ence between General Pando and Gen
erals Garcia and Gomez and others of
the insurgent army for the purpose of
submitting to the latter a formal offer
of autonomy. The basis of autonomy
as outlined in the dispatches apparently
found no credence with the officials of
the Spanish legation. They stated their
disbelief that a conference on the pro
posed lines was probable and added
that they had no information on the
subject. Minister Polo y Bernabe ex
pressed the opinion that the report
from Havana was unfounded as he said
the basis upon which it was proposed to
grant antonomy was absurd.
"STAR SPANGLED BANNER"
SUNG BY HUNDREDS
NEW YORK, March 20.— Over 400
people arose simultaneously to-night in
the Metropolitan Opera-house and
joined with the chorus on the stage
In the singing of "The Star Spangled
Banner," with more enthusiasm than
has been exhibited in the opera-house
for many months. It was upon the oc
casion of the performance for the bene
fit of the Maine monument fund.
On the great stage stood the well
known opera singer, Camille D'Arvllle,
and behind her were massed the com
bined choruses of the Broadway
Theater, the Casino and the Whitney
and the Madison-Square Theaters. In
the background an immense American
flag waved from a tall pole. Each, of
the singers carried a small flag and the
moment the patriotic air was started
the entire audience arose in their places
and joined in the melody. At the con
clusion there were tremendous cheers
and a great demonstration. Then "My
Country" was sung.
The entertainment, aside from the
subscriptions, netted about $12,000.
Many of the best-known actors and
actresses took part in the performance,
and among the spectators was Miss
Evangelina Cisneros, who came in for
much applause at one time in the even-
Ing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
CORN MEAL
FOR CUBANS
Staple Food Which Will
Be Doled Out to Re
eoneentrados.
Over Two Hundred Thousand
Persons in Urgent Need
of Relief.
Scores of Towns and Villages Have
Already Received Their Quota
oT Supplies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, March 20.— Little work
was done on the wreck of the Maine
to-day by the divers or contractors.
The city has been quiet after the fes
tivities of last night, lasting till nearly
morning at the Tacon Theater, where
a dramatic representation was given
in aid of the fund of the Spanish navy.
There was plenty of enthusiasm in the
crowded theater. Every patriotic sen
timent was cheered to the echo, but
there were no sensational features. The
proceeds are not all in yet, but it is be
lieved that they will amount to be
tween $30,000 and $40,000 in gold. For
mer estimates were too large. Even
with the enormous prices paid for the
boxes and seats it was impossible to
get any such receipts as $80,000 or $100,
1)00, as was hoped by some.
The Austrian cruiser Donau, which
left for New York last evening, is not
expected to reach her destination for
a week or two, as she is slow, even
with auxiliary sail power.
The Red Cross Society of America
having decided to devote itself hence
forth in Cuba to hospital, asylum and
kindred work, Dr. Egan prefers not to
serve on the general committee. The
distribution relief committee now con
sists of Consul-General Lee, Dr. R.
Guzman, representing the Cuban com
mittee, and J. L. Vanderwater, secre
tary of the Western Railway of Cuba,
representing the American contrib
utors. General Lee will act as arbi
trator in the event of a difference of
opinion between the other two mem
bers.
The food on hand will afford relief
to all the needy in the island for a
week or more, and additional supplies
are afloat. Relief has been sent to 134
central pionts, from which 462 towns
and villages have been supplied. Corn
meal is the principal ration, as being
good food for the really hungry, but
not likely to tempt beggars or the un
worthy. Besides there is no difficulty
in getting it through the customs
quickly.
Special Commissioner Klopsch has
appointed three men to travel con
stantly through the island to verify the
count of the needy, to see that the sup
plies are properly received and handled,
to prevent fraud and generally to assist
in the work of distribution. The latest
total reported to Mr. Klopsch is 205,000
necessitous cases.
If the Government will sanction the
arrangement a large building in the
suburb of Guananbacoa, where the
j Alfonso XIII regiment is now quar
| tered, will be rented by the relief com
j mittee. Several hundred reconcen
trados have just been set to work at
cultivating ten acres of ground sur
j rounding the building, thus contrib
uting to their own support. The plan
is experimental, and, if successful, is
capable of extensive development else
where.
WILEY HOLDS TO THE
ACCIDENT THEORY.
Captain of tne Wrecking Tug Under-
writer Talks of the Maine
Disaster.
WASHINGTON, March 20.— A special
to the Post from Newport News says:
The Merritt wrecking tug Underwriter
arrrived in port at midnight last night
from Havana, whither she went with
the derrick Chief, which is assisting in
the work on the Maine. Captain Wiley
believes that the Maine was destroyed
through the agency of an internal ex
plosion. In an interview he said:
"When I reached Havana, I con
versed with Captain Sharp, Merritt's
expert, in charge of the wreck, but
could not learn anything about the re
sult of his personal investigation.
While at Havana I heard no opinions
as to the cause, and it seemed to me
as if the affair was a nine days' won
der blown over. Without having had
an opportunity to examine the wreck
below the water line, I would say that
the Maine was blown up by an internal
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1898 c
REPORT OF THE COURT ON
THE WAY TO WASHINGTON.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 20.— The report of the Maine Court of Inquiry
is now on its way to Washington. This important news has been conveyed to
me from a source that cannot be doubted. The report is in charge of Captain A.
S. Barker, U. S. N. f who arrived here on Friday.
Captain Barker formerly commanded the battleship Oregon, and his ap
pearance here excited much comment, but no hint was given as to the purpose of
his visit. He was closeted with Admiral Sicard during the morning hours and in
the afternoon went out to the battleship lowa, which flies the pennant of Cap
tain Sampson, president of the court, and in whose cabin the court has been
holding sessions.
Captain Barker returned at 9 o'clock last night, and half an hour later was
steaming away for Tampa on board the steamship Olivette. I am positively as
sured, and have no reason to doubt the assurance, that he took with him the re
port of the Court of Inquiry. He should reach Washington on Tuesday morning.
CAPTAIN A. S. BARKER, U. S. N.
explosion. It is the most confused pile
of distorted metal imaginable. There
Is one deck above water which is
turned completely over by the explo
sion. The deck is bottom side up, with
the deck frame on top. That looks to
me as if the destructive force came
from within. If a mine did the work
and played so much havoc with the up
per deck, where must the bottom be?
Can she have any? Yet, they say they
have found some of the bottom intact.
My opinion is that if the affair had oc
curred in an English harbor, say
Kingston, Jamajoa. there would not be
one man in a hundred who would say
the cause was external after looking
at that wreck as it is to-day. I heard
that the Spanish divers found a piece
of the forward turret. I do not believe
a mine in tne harbor would have
broken the turret, while an internal
explosion would."
NEW JERSEY NATIONAL
GUARD IN READINESS.
In the Event of War the State's Sea
coast Would Be Defended by
the Militia.
NEW YORK. March 20.— The com
manding officers of the regiments of
the New Jersey National Guard held a
meeting at division headquarters of
General J. W. Plume at Newark to
day. The general condition of the
troops was considered and all were re
ported satisfactory. It was the sense
CONSIDERS SPAIN
A VERY WEAK FOE
LONDON, March 21. — The Daily Mail this morning, in an editorial refuting "some of
the American accusations of British coldness," says:
Among many reasons for Great Britain's comparative non-interest, not the least is our
better knowledge of the Spaniards and their paper navy and our conviction that the Anglo-
Saxon will always defeat the Latin, jndeed, the trend of British thought is toward surprise
that the greatest of republics should excite itself unduly about so poor a foe.
The Americans should remember that, while we are full of trust in their capability to
deal with Spanish impertinences, we are fully occupied with a greater trouble threatened or
active in various parts of the world. They have our full sympathy at a time when France,
Germany and Russia are backing Spain as fully and almost as openly as they are opposing
British efforts for th^freedom of foreign trade throughout the world.
But there is no occasion now to talk of an offensive and defensive alliance. The dis
proportion between our mission and America's makes it impossible. There will be time to
propose this way of re-cementing the race when America is ready to face the splendid responsi
bilities it entails.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
of the meeting that, as New Jersey has
no coast defense between Sandy Hook
and Cape May, except a four-gun bat
tery at Bea Girt, N. J., in cap.- of war
she would have to take care of her
coasts with hor troops tne minute hos
tilities were begun between the United
States and Spain. While no official or
der was given, every man was quietly
informed to be in readiness in case an
emergency should arise.
Crack Battery of the Army.
GALVKSTON, March 20.— Battery X,
light artillery, with four officers and
sixty-seven men. Captain Dillonback
in command, reached Galveston this
morning and went into camp on the
Government reservation, just west of
this city, on the Gulf beach. Battery
X is the crack battery of the army,
and its full strength is four officers
and seventy-six men, four modern 3.2
inch guns and sixty horses. The move
from Fort Sam Houston to Galveston
is a change of station. A company of
heavy artillery from Jackson barracks
at New Orleans is expected to-morrow.
"Prudent and Patriotic."
MADRID, March 20.— El Liberal pro
tests against the authorities stopping
telegrams to Spanish newspapers. It
characterizes such action as "a use
less procedure because the Spanish
press is both prudent and patriotic."
Troops Prepare t° Move.
BURLINGTON, Vt., March 20.— 0r-
ders which the officers do not make
public were received at Fort Ethan
Allen yesterday from Washington and
preparatii ins for movement were begun.
All day yesterday and to-day everyone
h:is been hustling, shoeing horses, se
curing camp equipment and repairing
tents. The rushing of work through
Sunday indicates very urgent orders.
There are four troops of cavalry here.
Regiment of Veterans.
AUGUSTA, Me.. March 20.— General
T. S. Bange of Watervllle has raised a
regiment of heavy artillery for an
emergency should war ensue with
Spain, from members of the Maine
Grand Army, who saw service in the
army during the war of the rebellion.
A tender of the regiment will be made
to- the President.
Five Men Rob a Bank.
HT'TCHTNSON. Kans., March 20.— The
Pank of Niokerson, at Niekerson, Kans.,
Dear here, was robbed last night. Five
men did the job. and It required four
or five hours to blow the safe open. Cit
izens who were passing tho building were
held up and forced to go inside, where
they were kept until the safe was blown
and the money secured. About $5000 was
secured.
Miss St. John Dying.
LONDON. March 20.— Miss Florence St.
John, the well-known actress, is dying.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnin- Tablet*. AH
druKrlßtß refund the money If It falls to care
tsc The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
CONGRESS TO
ACT ON CUBA
Stirring Speeches May
Be Expected During
the Week.
The Policy of the Administra
tion Will Probably Be De
manded by Radicals.
However, There Is a Prospect of
Report on the Maine Disaster «nd
a Presidential Message.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 20.
Whether the report of the Naval
Board of Inquiry on the Maine disas
ter goes to Congress this week with a
special message from the President,
caJling for Congressional action, rela
tions with Spain and the proximity of
war, as viewed from the standpoint of
emergency preparations now going on
to place the country in a state of de
fense, probably will be exhaustively
debated in the House In connection
with the naval appropriation bill, the
consideration of which will begin on
Tuesday. The emergency items in the i
bill, the large increase in the enlisted
force, the liberal provision for battle
ships, torpedo boats and drydocks, will
bring the whole subject for the neces
sity for these preparations directly be
fore the House.
While the conservative leaders,
doubtless, will seek to prevent innam- !
matory expressions under the recent j
ruling of the Speaker, which practi
cally places no limit upon the latitude
of debate in committee on the whole
on the state of the Union, the leaders,
except by their example, probably will
be unable to repress sensational j
speeches. An effort is likely upon the
part of some of the radicals to force
from those in confidence of the admin
istration a declaration of the policy of
the administration regarding Cuba,
This they hope to do by taunting them
with some of the rumors which have
been floating about, in the newspapers |
during the past few Cays. Altogether
it is likely there will be a general ex
pression of the sentiment in the House
on this question before the bill is pass
ed. Should the President transmit the
report of the Board of Inquiry with a ;
request for Congressional action dur- |
ing the week, everything else will give |
way to it. Any action that might be
decided upon would be in the complete
control of the Republican leaders, as
to the limit to be put upon debate. If
the report of the board does not go to
Congress this week the naval oill will
probably consume all the time after to
morrow. But if it should be passed be
fore Saturday, which seems unlikely,
the bill for the reorganization of the
army and authorization for recruiting
it to* a footing aggregating 104.000 men
in time of war. will be taken up.
To-morrow the bill for the relief of
the victims of the Maine will be called
up immediately after the reading of the
journal, under the arrangement made
last week. It is not expected to con
sume much time, but probably will be
made the occasion for several patriotic
speeches in eulogy of the heroism of
the sailors who went down to their
tragic death. The rest of the day will
be occupied in the consideration of pri
vate bills in pursuance of the order of
last Friday. Altogether, it promises to
be an exceedingly eventful, if not sen
sational, week in the House.
No programme has been prepared for
the Senate for the present week, and
the course <>f events is liable to be in
fluenced largely by developments from
the outside.
The quarantine bill is the unfinished
business on the Senate calendar, and
if opportunity offers Senator Pettigrew
will get up his public land bill. It is
expected the sundry civil appropriation
bill will be reported Wednesday or
Thursday, and if it should be it may be
taken up later in the week. The Senate
committee is making many changes in
this bill and it will consume several
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"thealaska"
exploration
COMPANY,
Under the management of H. LIEBES &
COMPANY.
Engaged In the Alaska trade for the past
thirty-five years.
THROUGH STEAMER LINE
TO DAWSON
IN 25 DAYS
The Al, Elegant and Commodious Iron Ocean j
Steamer, u r 4 ••;■-.
LEELANAW,
Capacity, 3000 tons, with
FIRST-CLASS PASSENGER ACCOMMO-
DATIONS ONLY,
"Will leave San Francisco about June 1, with
through passengers for " St. Michael, where
transfer will be made to the company's
Large and Magnificent River Steamers
For all points on the Yukon River and Daw-
son City direct.
Fitted with ELECTRIC LIGHTS, STEAM
STEERING GEAR, the most powerful en-
gines EVER placed in such VESSELS, and all •
the latest improvements for
SAFETY, SPEED AND COMFORT.
PASSENGER RATES!
Ban Francisco to Dawson, $300. 150 lbs of bag-
gage free.
Round trip tickets at reduced rate.
FREIGHT RATE— IO cents per pound.
Orders Issued at the Company's San Fran-
cisco office for the purchase of provisions and
other supplies, to be delivered at any of its
stations in Alaska or Northwest Territory.
Letters of Credit Issued payable at any of it*
Alaska stations; prompt attention given to all
commissions; general parcel and transfer ex-
press.
For reservations apply, at once to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY, V. .
• . -■.:•• 139 POST STREET,
Or H. LIEBES ft CO.,
133-137 POST STREET.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
RW
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
! Sore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
j ache. Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
Pains, ' Colic, - Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbu*. and Sickness, Nausea, etc. All drug-
! cist*.
days of the time of the Senate when
considered. It is also understood to be
Senator Davis" intention to bring up
the Hawaiian treaty, in order to get a
vote on the Bacon amendment. It is
still Davis' intention to move to lay
the amendment on the table as soon as
Senator Bacon concludes his speech in,--^
its support.
All these plans are liable to be
changed if the report of the Court of
Inquiry into the Maine disaster should
be received. The receipt of this docu
ment would inevitably have the effect
of springing a Cuban debate, which
would sidetrack all other questions.
THEJRUTH !
The poor mortals who know
in their innermost hearts that
they are not men in the best
sense of the word get dis-
heartened because they are
often given to understand t
that their cases are incurable ,
when they are not. It is true
that nothing except that
grand remedio - treatment,
"Hudyan," is infallible, but
that really seems to be equal
to all cases. Xot only is life,
vitality, strength and vigor
restored by it, but it corrects
all results of the abuses of
nature's great functions
which erring mortals are sub'
ject to. It corrects them un-
failingly ; it replaces the
strength that has been lost; *
it makes life again worth
living. It does this always.
It has done it for nearly
15,000 people on this coast.
Circulars and testimonials
about it are as free as the air
you breathe. Will you ask
about it ? Ask for
THE TRUTH !
The Hudsonian doctors give their
advice free, and they willingly send
circulars showing what wonders the
"30-day blood cure" has accom-
plished. It is as swift as safe. It
cures all blood taint. No matter
who says you cannot be cured never
despair.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTB.,
San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Whw Steamers leave B Broadway *
'• n&SK^fe. wharf, San Francisco:
■ liiiS*s»«» k For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
BKJKQRI March 2, 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. April
(wVisS «! 1 Transferred at Seattle.
fj»KjjVT>i^sl't For Alaskan ports (from
1 r**S!ft«s**\ Spear street wharf), 10 a. m.,
March 2, 6. 10. 14. IS. 22, 26. 30.
It Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
Bend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March i, ll
12 17 22, 27, and every fifth day thereafter!
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ere for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
March S. 9. 15. ft 27, and every sixth day
lh For aft Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hii»neme.
9n Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an.l
Newport 9 a. m.. March 2. 6. 10. 14. 13. 22. W.
30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeled. 11
A V? March 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 24, 28. and every
fourth day thereafter. Bay. San Jose del
For Ensenada. Majrdalena Bay San Jo»e de!
rabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Ouaynias (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March 8,
April 3. and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
TICKET ' OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
"gOOdTII, PERKINS * CO.. Gen A^..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE .« 12 First Class Including Berth
rAKD $ 8 Second Class and Meals -
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Mar. 2. 10. 18. M
Columbia Mar. «■ 14. M. *?
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to ward> Goneral A<ent
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.
Superintendents.
fMMMAHfII The S. P. MOANA
'ifcOHlr sails v!a Honolulu and
• ffaWSMW Auckland for Sydney
L»■ __^ Wednesday. March 23.; .
• -X". . ""N at 2 p. m. ' V"'
Qitl3m<:hine> s. S. zealandia, r
n)IC(]IIDlll r ; for HONOLULU only.
lOllipQlCePj .m . Special party
IOIIipQKSp 2p . m. Special party
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australla, and CAPE -- 1
BROS. CO.. Agent, f
j. l>. oimr^ 1U Montgomery street.
Frelgth Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North j-rij^. '
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <_XJ£FT\
by this line avoid both transit by 2wM»t«to
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
second class $116. _
LA CHAMPAGNE March 26 10 a. in.
LA BOURGOGNE April 2, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE April 9, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANPIE April 1«
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent. ■
No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
3. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. . .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 4
. p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED Lf TO 5:30 P. M. ■. '
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on th«
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. PETERS.
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
I FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer " Monttcello"
Mon., Tues... >ua., Thai*, ana tiat
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.) i ,
Fridays Ip. m. and 8:30 p. m. %.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and Sp. m. ~
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier Z.
• Telejhone. Red 2241. . .
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cnu
Steamer. Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
■■ excepted) tat 10 a. m. ; Aiviso dally (Saturdays
; excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
' Fare . between : San Francisco and Alviso, 50c;
i to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nort*
| First street, San ' Jose.LAST RAID
OF BLACK
JACK'S MEN
Nine Border Outlaws
Slain by Mormon
Vigilantes.
Ambushed and Shot to
Death on Mexican
Soil.
"Avenging Angels" of Casas
Grandes Hunt Down
the Gang.
NOT A MEMBER ESCAPES.
History of the Bond Which Has
Long Terrorized Arizona and
New Mexico.
Special Disratch to The Call.
EL, PASO, Texas, March 20.— The no
torious Black Jack gang, which has
terrorized the New Mexico and Ari
zona border for years, is a thing of the
past, the entire band having been
wiped out by the vigilantes of the Mor
mon colony, near Casas Grandes, Mex.,
last Monday morning. The gang, which
had been robbing trains and looting
towns for several years, was driven
into Mexico a few months ago, after
holding up a train on the Santa Fe Pa
cific at Grant Station, New Mexico.
The United States authorities have
since sent two expeditions across the
border after the outlaws, but were un
able to locate their hiding place.
The crime which brought death to
the entire gang was the murder on
February 23 of Mrs. A. F. McDonald,
a member of the Mormon colony at
Round Valley, about fifty miles from
Casas Grandes, in the Sierra Madre
Mountains. Two members of the gang
murdered the old woman, chopping her
head open with a hatchet and then
looting her store.
The crime aroused the community,
and the Avenging Angels, as the vigi
lantes call themselves, after keeping
the trail two weeks, located the head
quarters of the band at an almost in
accessible point In the mountains near
ly fifty miles from the scene of the
crime. They surrounded the camp of
the desperadoes, and at daylight began
firing from points of concealment, not
ceasing until the last of the gang, nine
in number, had been slain. Their bodies
were discovered next day by a party
of American prospectors, who after
ward learned from the Mormons the
Btory of the killing. They brought the
news to Casas Grandes to-day.
Black Jack's gang twice held up
trains of the Santa Fe Pacific at Grant
Station, the last hold-up being about
live months ago, when it was reported
the robbers obtained about $30,000. The
f-iine RaT'gr looted the town of Solo
monviTle, two years ago, and killed the
postmaster, and also held up a Santa
Fe Pacific train at Rio Puerco. where
one member of the gang was killed.
Many other crimes at various points
in the Southwest are attributed to
there murderers, who were the bold
.=t and the most successful operating
«the Southwest in recent years.
h"n hard pressed the gang always
succeeded in making its escape across
the border and hiding in the Sierra
Madre Mpuntains, which until recenly
had never been occupied by whites.
ENGLAND BUYING ALL
THE COAL IN SIGHT.
Even Sends Vessels to Intercept Col-
liers Off the Eastern Coast
of Asia.
TACOMA, March 20.— Officers of the
Korth#n Pacific steamship Victoria,
which arrived last night from China
and Japan, report that the British Gov
ernment is massing a very powerful
fleet of -warships in Chinese waters and
that the British are buying all the coal
coming to those waters for their men
of-war. So anxious are they to get It
that they send vessels to sea. and there
halt colliers and bargain for their car
goes, paying gilt-edged prices if neces
sary. The British are said to be buying
all the available coal from the Suez ca
nal to the northern coast of Siberia, as
they do not want to use Japanese coal.
Purser McDonald says there are now
thirty-five or forty British war ships on
the China station, and the fleet has
been considerably augmented during
the last few weeks. Among the latest
arrivals was the big n.arine fighter
Powerful, one of the most destructive
vessels afloat.
Skaguay Epidemic Abating.
ASTORIA, Or., .March 20.— The steam
ship Oregon arrived this evening from
Dyea and Skaguay, making the- passage
In five days. She brings fourteen passen
eerp The passengers report that the ep
idemic of spinal meningitis in Skaguay is
ihaMmr no deaths having occurred for
pc* raf 'days. The Oregon will leave for
PorUand to-morrow morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WEAK KIDNEYS ! j
~~ . Those Dull, Aggravating Pains Can Be Cured by Dr. HJ
Sanden's Electric Belt. 'jjss
2Z /jl£'^\. Don't doctor for weak kid- US
•— ■* %'*4 neys, for back pains; the or- \
"T^tW^^ gans need strength. They
\— rßl^^ can't throw off disease be- ~ ■•
g~ [X /J ifl ■ "^^r— -^. cause they are weak; they-*
•— >cdll x. 1 \ / i must have vitality. Over 10,- US
•*" Mi* ft /^wM«^^ ) 000 cures have been reported
"^- I \\\ ' ~M%!C*&^ during the last three years by
JO^^^^^ DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. 3 j
s^: / v=^^^jS^^\ 7 \ They are cures of men who ~^
«T~ /, i>o"ffiH»v.i-F^ ' hJif//\ i had exhausted the skill of the -^
lilTO fW /f: A > best physlc-ians in the land
/1 V I / A lthout beneflt
•^ *~~J \A— ■T v V, .if/ ""3fiS3 "After twelve years of terrible US
**~~ IV /1 1 \i '!• 'W ' suffering from my back and kid- *
y~~ •, I X //HI I Jci-— ■ — neys. accompanied by Varlcocele. "*^
*■— iio—mt /// It 1 #]li|iii 11 J , I have been -cured by your Dr. — «
*— ///I mni m Kanden Electric Belt. I have re- — •
JJ^_ <^J£__ £(/ II IP/jl'l ' « gained my former strength and ~^
»— ~" I / 1 ? H weight through Its use," says — ■•
/# § U; II WALTER H. GATTRELL, 508 El- —^.
sr~: nw *^ lls Btreet> San Francisco. "^
& It Cores All Weakness in Men. 3:
S^ It gives strength, which makes men of physical wrecks It restores 3
&z the old g vim and energy. Bead the book. "Three Classes of Men," sent
21 sealed, free, upon application. * -^
•^ C A VrniTXT T?T X?n r T'Djn Ct\ 632 Market St., Opposite 32S
S^ oANDfcN JLLhI/lKlt l/U., Palace Hotel. Son Francisco.
»- nffirp hour* 8«mto s n m • Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., Z3
ST smvl P^uth hh U roa<iwtyi ™PortlLS. Or!. 253 Washington Btreet; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth
*T~ street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. ■ . -,„.„, «♦«..♦ ' m
NOTE-Make no mistake In th t nutnber-«32 Market street. _-•
FORGED THE
NAME OF HIS
OWN FATHER
Theodore G. Eilers of
Sacramento a
Criminal.
Squandered a Fortune and
Then Robbed His
Parent.
Belief That His Employers
Also Are Among His
Victims.
THEY ARE INVESTIGATING
Disastrous Speculations Thought to
Have Caused the Young Man's
• Downfall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 20.— Theodore
j G. Eilers, a prominent young business
; man and native son, has gone wrong.
Eilers was a peculiar young man
among his fellows. He was so exem
plary in respect to frugality that he
was regarded as extremely parsimoni
ous. He had none of the evil habits
that pursue the shiftless or the gay.
But Theodore Eilers spent money as if
j it were water that he was pouring out
jto quench the thirsty earth. How he
spent it nobody seems to know exactly,
but it is suspected that he has been
secretly engaging in disastrous specu
! lation in the pool rooms, in the wheat
' pit of San Francisco or in other vent
i ures that open themselves invitingly to
! the speculatively disposed.
Eilers lost about all that he possessed
in his own right without confiding to
anybody the secret of its disposal. All
| the while he maintained his outward
habit of economy and neither his fa
ther, D. W. Eilers, nor his business as
sociates suspected that he was treading
the path that has led so many to ruin
and disgrace.
His own fortune exhausted, Theo
dore looked about for a chance to re
trieve himself. He was engaged in a
prosperous business and could not ask
for financial accommodation without
betraying the secret that was weighing
him down. First he drew a few hun
dred dollars on his father's name,
which he forged. That sum went along
with the rest and another check was
forged and another and so on. It is
■ said that this continued until the bank
! sent to D. W. Eilers notice that his
cash balance was running low. The
father went to the bank, examined the
checks and at once pronounced them
forgeries. For the first time he realised
the terrible truth. He had been robbed
by his son.
The bank was paid in full and Theo
! dore was thus saved from the peniten-
I tiary. It is reported that checks were
j not the only instruments utilized to raise
money on the forged signature of the
father, but that notes were realized
upon.
The firm of Neal**, Eilers & Co. Is not
yet able to say whether or not Theo
dore appropriated any of Its funds.
An investigation is being made.
No one feels authorized to give an es
i timate of the total of the young man's
pllferings. but it is stated that $8000
would hardly cover the known short
ages. He is believed to be In San
Francisco at present and no one seems
to know anything of his future plans,
if he has any. It is likely that he will
be brought back to stand trial.
PASTURAGE OPEN TO
STARVING STOCK.
Herds of Cattle May Be Driven Into
the Public Reservations and
Parks.
STOCKTON, March 20.— -In view of the
reported distress of herds in various parts
of the State, a statement by J. "Walter
Smith, register of the Vnited States Land
Office at this point, is of general interest.
Mr. Smith says:
"Considering the dry season and the
lack of feed for stock, it might be well
for owners of cattle to remember that
under an ord^r Issued in 1594 the Govern
ment allows the pasturing of any stock
except sheep in this State, on the public
reservations. Including parks. There are
about 5,000,000 acres of land in these reser
vations in California."
The McCormick Bros., local men hav
ing large stock Interests, expect to have
to lease new pasturage for their stock,
as their pasturage south of the San Joa
quin la giving out.
Yellow Fever on Board.
N"E"VT YORK. March 20.— The steamer
Strabo, Captain Jardine, which arrived
here to-day from Rio Janeiro, lost one
of her crew from yellow fever during
the voyage to this port. When the
Strabo arrive*! In port the Health Offi
cer ordered a strict quarantine of the
vessel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MQyPAT, 31 ARCH 21, 1898.
MUSICAL PRODIGY
UNKNOWN TO FAME
Little Uda Waldrop of Visalia Ex
cels Great Artists, Though He
Uses No Notes.
VISALIA, March 19.— Very quietly, and with no desire, evidently,
to tread the courts of fame there lives In this town a musical prod
igy, a small boy by the name of Uda Waldfop.
Uda was born at Berryville, near Ltitle Rock, Arkansas, thirteen
years ago. He never saw a musical instrument until he was 3 years of
age, when he chanced to be in a room containing a piano. The wee
baby toddled up to the instrument, put his dimpled hands on the keys
and actually played a little, although he was not tall enough to see the
keys.
He began improvising little tunes of his own when he was about
5 years old. Even at that tender age he produced harmony that was
excelled by few adults. He amazed all who heard him. He could fol
low all the modulations of every air he heard played, and his harmony
was almost faultless.
When the boy was between 5 and 6 years old his parents moved
from Arkansas to Oregon, and while in his 6th year he acted as prin
cipal performer in a music booth in Portland for a large firm of that
city. It was there that Liberatti, the noted Italian band leader, first
heard Uda sing and play. He thought at first that the big pipe or
gan before which the tiny boy was seated was being operated by ma
chinery. He could hardly believe the child had created the wonderful
strains of music to which he had listened. But- when he did become
convinced he offered Uda's father a tempting price for the boy's ser
vices on a continental tour as a soloist. The father refused to part
with his boy, although Liberatti promised to give him a thorough edu
cation in music.
Soon after this the family spent about two years touring the
Northwestern States, giving concerts in all the larger cities. Several
times during this tour Uda gave piano recitals in the presence of men
and women eminent in the profession of music, and they all declared
that he was a wonder. They admitted fhey could not produce such
harmony even with the notes before them, yet this child, in his sixth
year, played without any written music whatever.
Perhaps the strangest feature of this boy's talent is that it Is not
inherited. Neither his father nor his mother was musically inclined,
either vocally or instrumentally. He has always had a wonderful
jiow.-r of reproducing any musical selection he once hears. Ue plays
without the least apparent trouble in such keys as A flat. D-flat and
G flat, transposing even in the midst of a strain without the least per
ceptible confusion.
He delights in playing "Cavalleria Rusticana," "The Holy City,"
and various selections from Wagner, Mendelssohn, Verdi, Mozart. Beet
hoven and others of the great masters, producing harmony according
to his own ideas in each selection, and competent critics have pro
nounced his harmony inferior to none. His counter melodies are an
other Important feature of his playing.
Uda has never accustomed himself to play in any special key. He
can make music on almost any kind of instrument, but the piano 13
his favorite. And he can play as well blindfolded as with his eyes wide
open.
Yet this boy does not know one note of written music from an
other, and has never taken a lesson in music In his life.
When Uda was about 10 years old his family moved from Oregon
to Healdsburg, in this State, where his father Is still a prominent
Baptist preacher. His mother died not long ago, and he is now living
with his sister, Mrs. Louis Beyer, In Visalia. He is very modest and
unassuming, and does not seem to realize that his musical talent is out
of the ordinary.
EXHIBIT SPACE
IS IN DEMAND
Thirty-Five States Will
Make Displays at
Omaha.
Many Buildings on the Expo
sition Grounds Nearing
Completion.
Plans for Additional Structures
Are Being Received
Daily.
SDeclal Dlssatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Neb., March 20.— The plans
for State buildings at the Trans-Missis
sippi Exposition are coming in rapidly.
The department of publicity has just
received the architects' drawings of the
Minnesota building, the Montana build
ing, the Arkansas building, the Denver
building and the Missouri building.
The plans for the proposed lowa build
ing meet the hearty approval of the
exposition authorities. The Illinois
building is nearly completed. The Wis
consin building is well under way. The
Nebraska building is practicaliy com
pleted.
The plans for the Denver or Colorado
building have been accepted and the
contract will be let in a day or two.
Plans for the Georgia pine palace have
been submitted. It will be a handsome
structure, built wholly of pine donated
by the people of Georgia. The Minne
sota building will be constructed on
similar lines of unhewn logs. Plans for
the Oregon building are now being
drawn and will bo submitted next week.
Other States send assurances that plans
for their State buildings will be forth
coming within a short time. It is
highly probable that the States of New
York and New Jersey will construct
handsome buildings.
Thirty-five States have to date de
cided to participate In the exposition.
In thirty of these commissions have
been appointed and reports from agents
in the field are to the effect that at
least five more States will be organized
within the next few days.
CLOSES A BIG
DEAL IN WHEAT
San Francisco Firm Buys
Seventy-Five Thou
sand Sacks.
Purchase Price as High as
$1 4O for a Portion of the
Consignment.
Other Extensive Sales Made at Stock
ton Within the Past Two
Weeks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 20.— The bi^gost
wheat sale of the season was consum
mated here yesterday, when Woods
Bros., well-known island farmers,
parted with about 75.000 sacks, the
consideration aggregating $115 000.
There were several grades, and it is
$1 37% to $1 40. The purchasers of this
lot were Balfour, Guttorie & Co. The
larger portion of the grain is in ware
houses in this city, and has been storid
for sometime.
Negotiations for the sale of the
wheat have been under way for some
time. McNear and several big deal
ers have been bidding on the lot. It is
understood that a better offer was
made ten days ago, but was not ac
cepted, in hope of improved mark-it
conditions.
Several big lots changed hands in
the past two weeks, but no announce
ment was made until yesterday. , The
mills have been increasing their supply
very quietly at daily quotations. They
paid $1 45 for best milling yesterday,
and had a particularly choice sample
of milling wheat submitted for a fifty
ton lot, the owner of which would
probably have realized $1 464 for it.
Death of a Railroad Man.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. March 20.—Ste
phen Y. McNair, secretary and auditor
of the Cleveland. Akron & Columbus
Railroad, died last night, aged C 2 years.
Deceased was a brother of Admiral Mc-
Nair, U. S. N.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If 1* fall« to cure.
2Sc. Tbe senulne has L. B. Q. on «acb tablet.
AMERICAN
TROOPS MAY
INTERFERE
Trouble Is Brewing
on the Frontier
of Alaska.
Regulars May Be Sent to
Escort Miners Over
the Passes.
British Invasion of American
Soil Likely to Lead to
a Clash.
MILITARY AWAITS ORDERS
Colonel Anderson Wishes to Delay
Action Until the Maine Affair
Is Settled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DYEA, March 14.— (Via Seattle,
March 20.)— Collector Ivey yesterday
called upon Colonel Anderson, who Is
in command of the four companies of
infantry here, and a; d if the com
mand could. support him by sending
troops with bonded goods across the
summit as far as Lake Bennett. He
explained that when a convoy was sent
out by the Skaguay Inspector of Cus
toms with goods bonded through
American territory, the convoy's papers
read to Lake Bennett, but at the sum
mit of the White Pass the convoy was
told by the Canadian customs officers
that he could not proceed further as
convoy, tout might go on to Lake Ben
nett, if he wished, "for the fun of the
thing."
Colonel Anderson believes the Ameri
can Government would take action in
regard to the encroachment of the
Canadians were it not so engrossed
with the Maine affair, and under those
circumstances he is averse to precipi
tating trouble b- hasty action. Colonel
Anderson, as commander of the dis
trict, has been given large discretion
ary powers, and is the sort of man who
is likely to use and is capable of using
them.
He to-day issued a notice to the peo
ple of Dyea and Skaguay that they
must observe certain health conditions
he set forth. He said that although he
did not wish to interfere in such mat
ters where it could be avoided he
should take care that his suggestions
were enforced. This is in reality a
warning that this has been made a
military district and military law will
be put into force at any time at the
discretion of the commander.
Three men have been arrested for the
shooting of Samuel Roberts, whose real
name is Samuel Ross, the gambler. A
half-hour after the shooting a man
named Corbett went to a doctor to have
«. bullet extracted. This led to his ar
rest. Then a man named Kelly went to
the Marshal and said he shot Corbett.
He also was arrested.
Two partners at Sheep Camp quar
reled this morning over the division of
their outfit and one, Gottlieb Schneider,
shot Frank Clements of Hillsboro, Or.,
through the body. Clements is not
likely to recover.
It is rumored that John L. Smith.
United States Commissioner, has re
signed. Many charges had been made
against him.
MINER AT SKAGUAY
KILLED BY A WOMAN.
Attacks a Negress in Her Cabin and
Receives a Fatal Bullet
Wound.
SEATTLE, March 20.— Two steam
ships—the Al-Ki and the Hueneme—
arrived to-day from Skaguay. On the
afternoon of the 12th. on the up-trip,
Captain Melntosh reports fire broke out
in the hold of the Hueneme. The ves
sel had just docked at Fort Wrangel
when flames were seen to shoot out.
The officers were unable to get into the
forward hold on account of the heat
and smoke. Water was turned on, but
without success. Finally the fire w;is
<-xtinguished by turning steam into the
hold. There was no excitement a.mong
the passengers and all speak highly of
the prompt and efficient work of the
officers and crew. Very little damage
was done to the steamship, but outfits
were damaged to the value of nearly
$6000. The fire originated through tho
igniting of some matches among the
outfits.
The officers of the Al-Ki report the
fourth fatal shooting at Skaguay with
in two weeks. On Sunday evening a
prospective miner, whose name is not
remembered, visited a colored woman's
cabin and after leaving found that his
watch had disappeared. He returned
and accused the woman of having
stolen it. She denied the charge and he
used abusive language to such an ex
tent that she fled from her cabin. The
miner pursued her and was in the act
of choking her when a white woman
came upon the scene with a gun in her
The miner was induced to depart, but
said that he would get his revolver and
then there would be some fun. He poop
returned to the colored woman's cabin
and resumed the quarrel. Finally the
woman drew a revolver and shot her
assailant. He died before morning.
She claims that she killed him in self
defense. Federal officers took her in
charge, but when the Al-Ki left the
generai opinion prevailed that the wo
man would easily be cleared of any in
tent to do injury.
ALMOST A LYNCHING
AT SHEEP CAMP.
Maryland Argonaut Barely Escapes
a Mob After Slaying His
Partner.
DTEA, Alaska (via Astoria, Or.),
March 20.— Frank Clement of Hills
boro, Oregon, was shot and killed at
Sheep Camp this morning by Gottlieb
Schneider of Howard County, Mary
land. A lynching was averted only
by the prompt action of the officers
In getting the murderer out of the
way. He is now in jail at this place.
Clement lived several hours, but failed
to give an account of the quarrel.
Schneider's story is as follows:
"I met Clement coming up on the
steamship Elder in February and saw
him once here and in Dyea after
ward. Several days after we got
here Clement came to me and said that
his partner had decided to go back
and he wanted me to buy the outfit and
go to Dawson with him. I told him
that I had nothing with which to buy
it. J£e then told me he had enough
money to buy out his partner, and if I
would go along with him he would sell
the outfit and let me pay for it after
we got to Dawson. I finally agreed to
this and we drew up an agreement in
German and each took a copy. In the
first two weeks we got some of the
stuff up to Sheep Camp and some to
Scales. By that time I found out that
Clement would start a quarrel every
chance he had. We were camped at
Sheep Camp, a short distance below the
power-house.
"One day, the weather was very bad
and it was snowing so fast we cou.ld
not see. Clement wanted me to but
ton up his coat, but I could not see
to do it. He became very mad and
cursed me and again that night, after
we retired in the tent, he cursed me.
The next morning, as I was getting
breakfast, he told me to get out. I
told him I would do so if he would
pay me for what packing I had done.
Yesterday we had another quarrel and
in the evening I was sleeping in the
tent, when Clement came in and yelled
at me:
" 'Stop that snoring, or I'll cut your
throat.'
"I said nothing, but did not go to
sleep, being afraid he would carry out
his threat. This morning I was cook
ing breakfast, when he came in and
said he was going to divide some of
the flour we had bought together and
then sell the other outfit. I told him
he had already sold it to me, but he
said, 'Yes, when you have paid for it.'
I told him I wanted what was fair for
my work. He said, 'To with your
work.' I grabbed him and he reached
around and got a knife and said he
would cut my heart out. I reached
for my revolver and cocked it, and
holding my thumb so that the ham
mer, which would not stay up alone,
would not drop. Clement hit my hand
and knocked my thumb off. which dis
charged the gun. He ran outside,
crying that he had been shot, and I
went out and gave myself up to the
officers." .
Schneider was surrounded by the
mob and threats were made of hang
ing him, but he was gotten away be
fore the threat was put into execu
tion.
CANADIAN CUSTOMS KTTLES.
WASHINGTON, March 20.— The De
partment of State is informed by the
United States Consul-General at Ot
tawa, Ont., that the same duties are
imposed on goods destined for the
Klondike region as are imposed on
goods imported into any other part of
Canada. The instructions to the Can
adian customs officers are as follows:
Wearing apparel, articles of personal
adornment, toilet articles and similar
personal effects of persons arriving in
Canada, to be passed free, without en
try at customs as traveler's baggage,
under the provision of the customs
tariff; but this provision shall include
only such articles as actually accom
pany and are in the use of and neces
sary and appropriate for the immediate
purpose of the journey and present
comfort and convenience and shall not
be held to apply to merchandise or ar
ticles intended for other persons or for
sale.
In the absence of rulings by the board '
of customs as to articles included in the i
foregoing regulation, customs officers ■
at the port of entry are to decide the j
class and quantity of the wearing ap- ;
parel and like articles in use entitled
to pass free under the foregoing pro- |
vision, having due regard to the length j
of the journey and to the reasonable !
requirements of the traveler for his
comfort and convenience of the jour
ney. Articles of personal adornment, |
however, may be held to include one j
watch and the jewelry ordinarily in
use by the traveler.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$OOOOOOCOOOOCXXX>OOOOGOO OOOOOOCXX>OCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS
T^^L^^ 7 Mothers and
j^M%*^ Sisters Approve!
Tjf A wJSnm They are following our
m Ififl™ suggestion and are
Avflßl Ii Y »^f pointing out to hus-
P^HlllffllfH band and sons and
ii^ia 111 brothers the way to be
1 S> ffl well dressed without
I T3f I paying extravagantly
3i/fc:^ I • Our $10 Suits ;.
SlPy> I Reduced from $15,
I 111 \\ I Correct in style, perfect
IT I 1 in fit and workmanship,
1 I are good business suits
I M* 1 and wonderful bargains
ijgSSB m wit to even the mostexact-
EVERY GARMENT ALL YA/OOL-IN
T\A/EEDS, CHEVIOTS MIND CASSimERES.
KEPTIN REPAIR ONE YEAR FREE.
We Carry a Fine Line of Men's Furnishing Goods and Hats,
718 MARKET STREET, S. F-
NEGRO BATTLES
WITH A MOB
Himself and His White
Wife Murdered in
Their Home.
One of the Attacking Party
Found Dead Near the
Scene.
Three Lives Sacrificed to an Okla
homa Prejudice Against
Miscegenation.
Bpeclal Dlsrntch to The Call.
MUSKOGEE, I. T. ( March 20.— A das
tardly outrage was committed last
night near the town of Wybark, five
miles north of here, resulting in the
death of two men and a woman. The
house of Ed Chalmers, a negro who
recently married a white woman, waa
attacked during the night by six white
men, who had evidently determined to
murder both the negro and his wif^
both of whom had been threatened b^
white men who disliked the union. A
door of their cabin was broken in and
both the negro and his wife were shot
down, but not before Chalmers had put
up a good fight against his assailants.
The woman was killed outright, and
although Chalmers succeeded in driv
ing off the attacking party, they left
him mortally wounded and he died be
fore daylight.
This morning the body of Matthews,
an aged white man who lived at Gib
son station, was found near the
Chalmers cabin pierced by a bullet.
Matthews answers the description
given by Chalmers before he died of
one of his assailants. There were evi
dences that Matthews' body had been
dragged from Chalmers' house to the
place where it was found. A gun lay
beside the body, evidently put there
to give the impression that the dead
man had murdered the negro and his
wife.
Deputy United States Marshals ar«
Investigating the killing, and It la be
lieved that the murderers will b«
brought to justice.
ENTER THE CATHOLIC CHURCH.
Class of Two Hundred Confirmed at
Stockton.
STOCKTON, March 20.— St. Mary's
Catholic Church was the Scene of a vast
gathering this afternoon, when Arch
bishop Riordan administered the rite of
confirmation to a class of nearly 200. The
Archbishop was attended by local and
visiting clergy. He delivered an eloquent
sermon, in which he urged parents to
raise children in the faith, impressing
upon thpm their responsibility in the rear
ing of their offspring.
Towing a Disabled Steamer.
HALIFAX. N. S.. March 20.— Two bl£
ocean steamships, one of them disabled
and in tow of the other, are making- for
Halifax harbor from the east. The dis
abled steamship is the Osborne from
London. She is being towed by the tank
steamship Dufflold.
34
MONDAY MARCH 21, 1898
~JOHN~DrSPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third JJts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In th»is city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month.
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 BroadwTay
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl**« Houee
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock'
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Mysterious Mr. Buglo."
Columbia— "UM "
Alcazar— -Uucio Dudley."
Moroeco'B— "The Upper Hand."
Tivoll—" The Widow O'Brien "
Tlvoll— Concert Thursday afternoon, March 24.
Orphean— Vaudeville.
Auditorium. Masou nud Ellis streets— Recitals of ScottlsL
Sciutr and Story' Monday evening 1 , March 21.
Olympla, corner Masou aud .Eddy streets— Specialties.
Tho Chutes— Chlqultn and Vaudeville.
Special Excursion to San Jose and the Santa Clara Vulley
Saturday. March X.
CLEARER COMMERCIAL SKIES.
THE business situation is better than a week ago.
At that time it was marked by a pronounced un
certainty, susceptible of development in almost
any direction, favorable or unfavorable. But since
then the sky has cleared again and it is now seen that
the immense war preparations all over the country
were the sole cause of the temporary unsteadiness.
The wonder is that the disturbance was not greater.
True, Wall street continues to show varying moods
as the Cuban situation clouds or clears, but the rest
of the country has again settled down to business and
things are going on as usual.
Commercial reports from New York show that the
backbone of the situation is the excess of merchandise
exports, more than $41,000,000 in February, with an
increase of $2,200,000 in miscellaneous products.
$_',ioo,ooo in provisions, $4,500,000 in cotton and
5r.000.000 in breadstuffs, compared with last year, and
$15,000,000 in all products. In two weeks in March
exports have been 16 per cent larger than last year
and imports have gained but 8.7 per cent. The outgo
of cotton surpasses all expectations, though the price
was stronger last week, and the export demand ap
parently paid no attention to market fluctuations.
In the last issue of Bradstreet's appears a table of
comparative prices of 108 staple articles, raw and
manufactured, showing fluctuations from April I,
1595. to March 4, 1898. From this showing it is
learned more than half the articles mentioned ad
vanced in February and only fifteen actually declined.
Compared with low water mark in July last 24 out
of the 108 are lower in prices, but the decreases were
in: important and in some cases due to climatic in
fluence.
In fact, the aspect of affairs is decidedly bullish all
over the country. A» one trade authority tersely
puts it, "neither peace nor war reports have changed
the onward current of business." The financial situa
tion is distinguished by orders for more than $25,
500,000 from Europe, which effectually check any
tendency toward monetary stringency, while treasury
receipts of over $1,000,000 per day keep the currency
supply fully up to all probable needs. Wheat also
moves in spite of all speculation. Atlantic exports,
flour included, have been 1,824,569 bushels, against
1,253,300 last year, and from Pacific ports 1,371,826
bushels, against 268,505 last year, making for three
weeks from both coasts 10,659,125 bushels, against
4,538,441 last year.
The usual barometers of trade show continued high
pressure all along the line. The bank clearings of
the country last week were 35.4 per cent larger than
for the same week last year. Failures were about the
same in number. Favorable weather has increased
the distribution of goods everywhere, the West and
Korthwest sending in the best reports in this respect.
Navigation has practically opened on the great lakes,
and by the first of April this important branch of na
tional trade, which has been closed during the winter,
will be in full current again. The staples remain
about as they have been for the past few weeks, iron
being active and firm, wool fiat, and dry goods, gro
ceries and other lines of business being in satisfactory
movement everywhere.
On this coast the weather continues to engross at
tention. Light scattering showers in the San Joaquin
Valley have kept the grain crop growing fairly.
though present indications point to only a moderate
yield. Hay and minor cereals continue to advance,
and the stockmen in some districts are worried about
the slim outlook for feed.
Heavy frosts have almost wiped out the apricot
crop and damaged the peaches more or less here and
there, but all other fruits have thus far escaped and
promise good crops. San Francisco is still under a
cloud as to the Alaskan business owing to the rail
road war in the north, but our local bank clearings
still show that we are doing considerably more trade
than at this time last year, so things must be in pretty
good shape after all. There is nothing now in sight
to indicate that we will not have a first-class year,
taking it as a whole.
Aubrey Beardsley's death will be regretted because
he was a brave young fellow with the courage to back
up a ridiculous fad and fool people into the idea that
it possessed merit. As a matter of unromantic fact
the Beardsley style of illustration was an exemplifica
tion of the accuracy with which rank idiocy could be
reduced to a pictorial form.
Professor Wenzell sets forth that other cities burn
gas as dangerous as that furnished to San Francisco.
However, something more than scientific dissertation
is necessary to establish firmly the theory that two
wrongs make a right. This theory has always had
advocates, yet it may be successfully assailed.
Complaint is often made that some people talk too
much, but complaint about the local telephones is
based on the opposite grounds. They do not talk
enough after they have absorbed the nickel supposed
to woo them into a communicative mood.
There seems to be an idea that an American ship
would be in danger if anchored off Havana, but it
would be easy to put enough American ships there
that the danger could be spread so as to not be con
fined to the white navy.
PREPARED FOR PEACE OR Wflß.
THE report of the Naval Board of Inquiry ap
pointed to inquire into the cause of the disaster
that wrecked the "Maine will soon be in the
hands of the President, and it is reasonable to assume
that he will at once transmit it to the Senate and thus
make known to the people the information they have
so long desired. The period of suspense and waiting
is therefore nearly at an end. In a few days we shall
know all that the Naval Board has discovered and
have a clearer conception whether the controversy
with Spain can be arranged by diplomacy or must be
settled by war.
It has been more than a month since the wreck of
the Maine at Havana startled the country, roused
patriotic sensibilities and stirred the people with
something of the passion of battle. From that mo
ment the great mass of Americans have been ready
at any time to sustain Congress in a declaration of
open hostility against Spain, and Congress in turn
has shown itself ready to uphold the President in any
action he might take to that end. Nothing has
occurred during the month of waiting to diminish or
weaken that feeling. Calm resolution has succeeded
the first burst of wrath, but the calmness of to-day is
even more ominous to Spain than was the fiery indig
nation that raged when the people first had reason to
suspect that the destruction of the Maine was due to
Spanish treachery.
It goes without saying that the same spirit of de
termined resolve which has kept the country free from
any manifestation of undue excitement for all these
weeks will have the same effect on the public mind
during the remaining days of waiting. Ample evi
dence has been given that both Congress and the
President are prepared to maintain the honor of the
republic in whatever way the emergency may demand.
The vote of $50,000,000 for national defense was an
evidence of the swiftness with which the representa
tives of all parties in the country will act together if
war is necessary, and the energy with which the ad
ministration has made use of the money to strengthen
our military and naval force is sufficient proof that
it will show no weakness when the time comes for
decision and action.
With confidence in Congress and in the President
the people wait the result. They will expect to have
the report of the Naval Board made public as soon as
it is received. If it proves to be noncommittal on the
question of Spanish responsibility for the wreck they
will be likely to accept that as a confirmation of their
suspicions that the act was one of treachery. Nothing
will now relieve the war strain but a demonstration in
the report that the Spanish officials were in no wise
concerned in the act, either directly or by their pro
tection of parties guilty of the crime.
As a nation and as a people we are fast losing
patience with Spanish sovereignty and Spanish bar
barism on any part of this hemisphere. If this crime
and its crisis .afford us any rightful ground on which
to demand the freedom of Cuba and atonement for
the wreck of the Maine there can be no question but
that the people of all sections of the Union would
be opposed to any diplomatic arrangement for waiv
ing that right. We are not a nation of jingoes, but
neither are we one of those nations among whom
"the jingling of the guinea helps the hurt that honor
feels."
THE SEASON OF FETES OND FLOWERS?
THE season of singing birds and blossoming
orchards has come. The roses, heliotropes and
geraniums, which at all times of the year lift
up their beauty to adorn our gardens, are now at
their best and brightest, while the native wild flowers
bloomii.g on hill and plain vie with them in color and
sweetness and add to the spring a glory which the
other seasons know not. This, therefore, is the time
when the minds of all who are not harassed with
labor turn to thoughts of floral fetes and festivals of
roses.
Already reports of preparations for these entertain
ments come to us from many parts of the State.
Santa Clara County is to lead off with a festival
unique in its nature. This is to be known as a "car
nival of buds and blossoms" and will consist in put
ting the whole county on exhibition and inviting all
the world to come and see it. It is to be no display
in a hall or a pavilion or any building even if it were
big enough to serve for an exposition. When the
orchards bloom every acre of land for miles around
San Jose is a flower show. It is to see this splendor
that the county invites visitors next week. The
guest will not be expected to walk through flowers
.".long aisles hundreds of feet long, but will be taken in
a carriage and driven through blossom-bright
avenues for miles and miles.
After that display the fetes in other portions of the
Sate will follow thick and fast. One of the most
notable of these will be that for which preparations
arc iow being made at San Rafael. That beautiful
home cf wealth and refinement has a host of advan
tages that give it special facilities for entertainments
of this kind. A considerable number of its people
live cf i:tinually in an atmosphere of beauty, joy and
hospitality. It will be for them as natural as breath
ing to make a rose festival as perfect as can be at
tained anywhere on the globe.
F>"»r all of these fair things to come we may rejoice
to-day. San Francisco is near enough the center of
the State for her people to visit every fete that come?.
We will see San Jose, San Rafael, Santa Rosa and
all that make merry in the spring. Their hospitality
and their visions of beauty will be our joys, and
thoMcnnds of our people will attest the fullness of our
delight ir such neighbors.
TriE POSTfJL DEFICIT.
WHEN the Loud bill providing a means for
making the postal service self-supporting by
putting an end to the costly abuses which have
grown up in second class mails was defeated The Call
expressed the opinion of the people generally in say
ing that it then behooved the opponents of that
measure to devise some other for getting rid of the
deficit. It was promised at the time that this would
be done by reducing the expenditures for mail trans
portation. That promise has been broken. The
appropriation bill passed by the House on Saturday
afternoon, so far from reducing expenditures, actually
increased them by $1,700,000 over the appropriations
for last year.
This is the result of a difference of opinion among
reformers. It seems clear that a considerable major
ity of the members of both houses of Congress is
in favor of an economical postal service. It is equally
clear that with the practice of economy we could
make the service self-supporting without diminishing
its efficiency. It happens, however, that some of the
reformers desire to effect the economy by restricting
the privilege of second class mail to legitimate news
papers and periodicals issued as frequently as four
times a year, while others are willing to permit abuses
in that class of mail matter to go on and would at
tain a surplus for the postoffice by reducing the
rates paid the railroads for transportation. The friends
of economy being thus divided, both plans have failed.
We have had to make an increased appropriation for
the postoffice at a time when strict economy is im
jiortant, and the chances are that in spite of the in
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1898.
crease we shall have as big a deficit a3 ever at the end
of the year.
The deficit In our postal revenues is the more
aggravating because the postofnee service in Great
Britain, France and Germany is not only self-support
ing, but actually yields a surplus. We could have
equally good results if our postal affairs were con
ducted on anything like a similar basis. The letter
postage and first class mail matter generally yields
us a handsome revenue. The surplus which is plied
up by that class of mail, however, is swallowed up by
the cost of handling tons of 6tuff at rates that do not
pay the cost of handling. The only two plans for
remedying the evil which have had any strong 6up
port in Congress have just been voted down one after
another. The deficit averages about $11,000,0001 1,000,000 a
year, and It seems likely to stay with U3.
POOLROOMS AND OPIUM JOINTS.
DURING the past week The Call exposed the
extent to which opium joints and poolrooms
are being conducted in this city. The exposure
showed that the two evils are carried on with a de
gree of defiant publicity which constitutes not onl/
a scandal to our laws, but a serious menace to all men
and women who by reason of any mental or moral
weakness are liable to be enticed to ruin either by
the gambling mania or a desire for opium.
On our statute books there are laws against each
of these evils, but the laws are not enforced. The
police know of the existence of the poolrooms and
opium dens. They know where these places are, they
know the persons who maintain them and they know
also a considerable number of those who attend them.
Knowing all these things they make no arrests be
cause, as they claim, long experience has shown that
it is impossible to obtain convictions. In other words
according to the police the laws are inefficient or the
courts are inefficient to deal with either the dope
fiends or the poolroom fiends.
So far as the opium dens are concerned it seems
clear that the defect is in the law, which requires for
conviction a degree and kind of proof that cannot be
obtained. So long as all persons arrested for main
taining an opium joint or resorting to one for opium
smoking have to be tried under the State law there
can be hardly any convictions. The only chance
for suppressing this evil before the assembling
of the Legislature gives a chance for an
amendment to the law lies in the suggestion
made by Attorney Drury, that if a test case were car
ried* to the Supreme Court that tribunal would hold
that such offenders could be tried for violating the
city ordinance. This course should be followed. The
test case should be raised at once and the issue deter
mined.
As for the poolroom keepers, their immunity seems
to be dependent upon the juries that try them. The
law on the subject is sound enough and the police
have in the past made many arrests, but convictions
are about as rare for this offense as for that of running
an opium joint. This view of the subject carries the
source of the evil one step further back and raises the
question of reform in the police court jury system.
Assistant District Attorney Black, who agrees with
the police that the failure to suppress poolrooms in
the city is due to the juries before whom the arrested
pool-sellers are tried, said in an interview published
in The Call on Saturday: "If the Police Courts acted
as they do in the Superior Courts in regard td the
impaneling of juries better results in bringing law
breakers to justice would prevail. Where an officer
is given the power, as he is in the Police Courts, to
bring any one or anybody for a juror it is hard to
expect that a verdict will be giv.n in accordance with
the evidence, as a friend oi the man on trial can easily
get in the way and be placed on the jury."
In that direction, then, the enforcement of the law
seems to be blocked. Mr. Black says, however, it
would still be worth while for the police to make ar
rests and keep trying to procure convictions. Police
Commissioner Gunst seems equally convinced that
the evil can be suppressed if the fight is kept up. This
policy should be vigorously pursued. Poolrooms in
the city are forbidden by law "nd the police should
arrest all who violate the law even if the courts fail
to convict them.
A PLAY has been received by The Call. It con
sists of one reprehensible act. The author is
Colonel Joseph A. Nunez, who apparently is
not ashamed of being caught in the act, for he sends
the thing with his own compliments. A not unnat
ural impulse would be to wrap it about a brick and
send it back again. Possibly worse plays have been
written, but there is no record of any such event
To attempt to pass upon the merits of the Nunez
soar would be to reach out after the unattainable;
there are no merits excepting the single one of
brevity, and of this there is far too little. Neither
would there be any object in analyzing the creation.
Enough to say that it is entitled "The Fragmented
Maine Shatters Proud Spain." This will be recog
nized at once as poetry. It is not perfect poetry, but
it constitutes the loftiest flight of the whole produc
tion and is so much superior to the play that it ought
to cut loose from a hampering environment and go
sailing adown the centuries on its own hook, claiming
no histrionic value but the glory of being simply the
songlet of a bardlet from away back.
The use of the term "fragmented" is most happy.
It serves to divert the mind. In contemplation of it
there is, it is true, a tendency to hope that the author
and the play may likewise be "fragmented." The
shrewd observer will be so taken with the hope that
a kindly providence will place upon him the task of
doing this that he will immediately drop the pamphlet
and begin looking for a club.
Nunez has gone too far. , When he begins to wietd
the deadly pen a stricken world appeals to him to go
back to his customary and less formidable dynamite.
Perhaps the Gas and Electric Company can set up
the plea for retaining the "voluntary" contributions
it has forced from customers that it wants the money
itself. Any footpad could make a similar plea. .
There is no reason except the kindness of Provi
dence preventing some of the dangling wins which
kill horses occasionally from trying the powers of
mankind to resist electric shock, i
Congressman Lewis of Washington is said to be
interested in a noiseless powder, but it is certain the
gentleman is not Joaded with it.
That "the colored troops fought nobly" is a matter
of record, and their chances of doing it again were
never brighter than now.
If the price of hay keeps going up soon the man
with timothy seed in his hair will be reckoned
an aristocrat.
General Miles in wanting peace is not alone. Every
body wants peace, but it must be had on certain con
ditions.
When a lawyer peddles a "confession" it is not too
much to ask that it be one concerning his own deeds.
The threat of Spain to stir up revolt in the Southern
States does not seem to strike terror.
HAS GONE TOO fflß.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS,
BY A MODEST CRITIC.
The Lame letter about Weyler Is
about the worst attempt to fool the
public deeply Interested In the disas
ter to the Maine that has yet been at
tempted. This piece of news is, of
course, due to the New York Journal.
The Lame confessing himself a pris
oner In Cabanas Fort swears he saw
a couple of tons of dynamite laid in
Havana harbor. Will this class of
nauseating insult to intelligence never
cease? I recommend Mr. Hearst to
employ, at any rate, one news editor
who knows the rudimentary princi
ples of handling explosives. And I
sometimes wonder what the ignoram
uses who concoct these stories Imagine
an electrically connected submarine
mine to be. They are not expected to
know much about the mechanism, but
from matter that has been printed by
the Journal and its miniature, it is evi
dent that they imagine a mine to be
constructed by wheeling a few hundred
sticks of dynamite over the water in a
hand barrow (made buoyant by occult
power) and dumping the load into the
water. One of the assistants at this j
strange seance then plunges his arm
into the water and, lo! electrical con
nection with — anywhere — is made!
Another of the elect (as the work is
done by night) then smells the briny
deep and the position of the mine is
plotted by intuition! The most mar
velous thing to me about it all Is that
anyone can read and digest such crass
nonsense as the Journa/ sees fit to
publish.
The ghost of the Chronicle's strate
gic attache appears ag"in. It is, how
ever, not very painfuJ to have to lay
him anew, as he arises from his inter
ment much like a "Jack-in-the-box,"
for the face amuses, though it be the
same old face. He still squeaks of the
strategic value of the Hawaiian Isl
ands, but this time thusly:
"It has not escaped the notice of the
Senate and the House during the present
war scare that Honolulu is the one weak
point as it stands in the defensive sys
tem of this coast. Spain could not send
a single- modern cruiser under steam
from the Philippines or Carolines to the
neighborhood of the Golden Gate unless
she could coal the ship en route. The
first attempt of the enemy in the Pacific,
therefore, would be to seize Honolulu and
use it as a base of supplies."
Spain would, as she could, coal her
ships en route if we were at war with
her, which we are not and are not
likely to be. If we owned Honolulu,
however, she might possibly, but not
probably, take it and use it as a base,
but will this innocent never see that in
the hands of a neutral power the occu
pation of Hawaii by n enemy is impos-
sible? The independence of the islands
is already guaranteed, and our enemy,
no matter what nation it might be,
that would choose to incur the wrath
of either Germany, Great Britain or
any other first-class power by seizing
an independent State, would wish his
cake dough and even flour. By refus
ing to annex these islands and insist
ing on their independence, we wipe out
a serious menace to the coast. With
the independence of the islands firmly
established all our enemies who desire
to attack this coast are truly robbed
of all but a floating base. Possibly
Captain Mahan will tell me how much
wisdom there is in a strategic move
ment which gives the enemy a clear
chance to obtain a point of If
in the next twenty years we increase
the navy so that we can spare a dozen
ships to protect the group, leprosy be
ing stamped out, the Chinese and Jap
anese having by the grace of the Crea
tor betaken themselves to their native
soil, there might be no such very seri
ous objection to making them a part
of American territory; but to-day it is
evident that we cannot spare the ships;
the leprosy flourishes exceedingly, and
the Orientals are there in their revolt
ing swarms. The Chronicle is placed
in this position by its advocacy of the
annexation of these islands. It is
either willing tha.t they should become
a county of Californ'- or it does not
object to take the risk of the addition
of two Senators to represent a handful
of men. Which is it? There is no pos
sible logical escape from the dilemma,
and it is welcome to which ever horn of
the bull it chooses to grasp. Will that
paper join the Examiner in its out
spoken wish to inosculate this State
with leprosy, if so, the people of Cali
fornia should know that fact. It has
been demonstrated so often that from
any standpoint these islands are worse
than valueless to us that it seems idle
to continue to discuss it, but public
opinion in California should be farther
awakened to what this polluting plan of
annexation actually means.
The purchase by the Government of
cruisers abroad and the evident intent
to move more rapidly in the rebuilding
of the navy draw attention to the
manning of the ships. I opine that
the encouragement of boys to enlist
can scarcely be too strongly urged.
And of course training ships must be
provided. American ships should have,
as far as possible, American hearts on
the mess deck as well as in the ward
room. Our navy is now recruited from
seamen of the various merchant ser
vices of the globe, and that is unwise.
The day of the striking of topmasts in
fighting ships has passed. The most
valuable seamen in the marine branch
of the national service to-day are
those who are capable of properly
serving modern guns. Those who have
had opportunities for fairly consider
ing the matter agree that boys trained
for service in any navy lead lives as
happy, and have prospects quite as
good as those who learn trades in their
various countries. Men of large ex
perience are satisfied that this is a
long way the best plan to get the most
efficient naval force. Naval reserves
may be good, but they axe rarely up
to the necessary standard. The Naval
Reserve which will be created by the
fostering of the building of American
steel steamships will, undoubtedly, be
exceedingly valuable. High class mod
ern vessels make cruisers that will be
quite formidable to anything but a
protected enemy. Those of other na
tions look business like enough when
fitted with guns, and we should pro
ceed to add to the nucleus for a fleet of
this sort we already have in the Paris,
the New York and a few others as rap-
Idly as possible. Congress should begin
to be generous to American shipping.
It has been stunted long enough.
The Rev. R. S. Coyle of Oakland is
! of the opinion that the voters of that
; city deserve to be robbed and jobbed
| by the combination of Councllmen and
j water companies, because, as he cx
i plains with reference to the former,
i the electors "have put them there, 1 '
That is not good reasoning, my rever
end friend. In no case can you know a
man to be a rascal till you prove him
one. You may think him honest or
otherwise, but where did you get your
opinion that responsibility "for the
events of the past two weeks which
have so outraged the community rests
principally upon those who did not
have conscience enough toward the
city to make a righteous use of the
ballot"? The responsibility rests wholly
with those who offered bribes. Bribes
cannot be accepted when not proffered,
and no matter how intelligently or
consclentiousl" a man, any number of
men, may vote, there is no assurance
that one elected to office will remain
honest even if he be upright when he
commences his duties. It is proper to
pray that the Deity will give the water
companies their reward. No. other pow
er is at all likely to punish them even
If an emissary of either corporation
be heard offering a bribe to a Council
man, and later it be shown that the
jail bird was seen to take it.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Electricity is being introduced In the
Russian navy for raising ammunition,
loading and working guns on board ships.
Of the 250 torpedo-boats which the naval
programme establishes for the French
navy, 175 will be afloat during the present
year.
The British battle-ship Illustrious has !
passed through her full power trial of
eight hours under natural draught, and |
developed 10,241 horsepower, an excess of
341 horsepower over_the contract.
It is reported »that the Japanese have
by this time laid a number of torpedoes
off the Pescadore Islands, near Formosa.
The work was to be done under the su
perintendence of Captain Tasuda of the
Japanese navy.
The British torpedo boat destroyer Vio
let passed through her coal consumption
trials last month. Steaming at the rate
of 13 knots she used one ton of coal to
make a distance of 30 knots. As the boat
carries S4 tons of coal, this supply should
enable her to make 2520 knots at a speed
of 13 knots per hour.
Experiments have been made at Kiel
by German naval officers with a contri
vance regulating the movements of tor
pedoes discharged from a ship. It is
claimed that absolute accuracy of aim
was obtained with a Schwartzkoff tor
pedo up to a distance of 4300 feet, or over
four-fifths of a mile.
The Woodlark, one of the latest built
light draught turbine twin screw gun
boats for service in Egypt, has had a
successful trial. The boat is 145 feet in f
length and « feet beam, and was to draw
not over 24 inches with a load of 30 tons,
at which her Speed was to be 15 statute
miles. At her acceptance trial with the
stipulated' load the boat drew 2SV4 inches ;
and made 30% miles in two hours. The hull
is plated with bullet-proof steel plating,
and the Woodlark is now credited with
being the best boat in the British Nile
flotilla.
The British sloop-nf-war Algerine Is at
the prseent time in drydock at Tung-Ka
doo, China, making good the damage she
suffered recently in a collision with a
junk. She has been remarkably unfortu
nate since her first commission on Feb
ruary 11, ISfT. It took her eight uuys to
make Gibraltar from Plymouth, losing
one boat and smashing 1 others. Arriving
on the China station one of her officers
committed suicide, and in November last
she ran aground on the Shanghai flats,
remaining high and dry for some hours.
Still more recently she ran aground
again, carrying away her starboard bilge
keel and ripping off the wood sheathing
on her bottom, and to cap the climax of
misfortunes she afterward collided with
a junk, by which she lost several boats
and was badly damaged about her top
sides and deck. The reparirs will take
several weeks and will cost at least $15.
000.
The experience which the British
cruiser Edgar recently had with a tramp
steamer indicates that it is more difficult
to sink a merchant vessel than a ship of
war. The Edgar fell in with the Eden
moor, a tramp steamer from Newcastle,
bound for an Asiatic port with a cargo of
refined petroleum. The steamer was on
fire fore and aft, and the crew was taken
off with some difficulty. The captain of
tho Edgar concluded to quicken the sink
ing of the doomed steamer and opened a
brisk fire with her quick-firing guns and
an occasional shell from her 9.2-inch gun.
After an hour or so of this gun practice
the Edenmoor evidently became some
what dilapidated and took a gradual list
to port. This was her condition at noon,
and an hour later she was nearly bottom
up. At 2 o'clock the man-of-war's crew
renewed the attack, and after firing sev
enty shots from the 6-inch quick-firing
guns and the 9.2-inch gun the hapless
sn-amer "fluked" and gradually disap
peared stern foremost, sinking in sixty
fathoms. The money expended in firing
shells at this tramp steamer must have
footed up close to $2000. but it was a
practice in gunnery of which the Edgar
was evidently very much in need.
GET READY.
Clouds are gathering quickly in the sky-
Get ready!
An ugly storm is swiftly drawing nigh—
Get ready!
Let the timid hunt secluded places where
The smoke of battle may not scent the
air;
Uncle Sam has grabbed his scabbard and
his tempered blade is there —
Get ready!
The time for empty parleying is past,
v -;; Get ready!
The enemy has dropped his mask at last-
Get ready! •
Burnish up your gun and load it for the
fray,
With the rising of to-morrow's sun you
may
Be called upon to kiss the ones you love
and march away— ad ;
Get ready!
All the world is looking on to "see the
fun" —
Get ready!
Let the foeman be the first and last to
run — i : . : •':■■■-
Get ready!
Uncle Sam has ugly wrinkles on his brow!
Be prepared to quit the anvil and the
plow —
'Tis time for bloodless fighting with the
pen and pencil now— .
Get ready!
The Lord Is still above to speed the right—
Get ready!
Trust the Lord, but don't forget that you
must fight—
Get ready!
Though our arms be strong and though
! our cause be just,
We must be prepared to parry and to
thrust!
! When the dreaded summons comes, as
soon or late it surely must,
Get ready!
— £. E. KISER in Cleveland Leader.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS,
E. H. Clark of Portland, Or.. Is at the
Lick.
E. de Reynier of bangrcr is a guest at
thn Grand.
E. W. Raddler is registered at the Lick
from Hcaldshurg.
F. S. McComber. a wealthy miner of
Sonora, is a guest at the Palace.
William M. Bates is a traveler from
Boston, who is at tho Occidental.
R. S. Ritchie, a mining man from Gol
conda. New. is registered at the j-aldwin.
R. L. Anderson of San Ramon arrived
in the city yesterday and went to the
Lick.
. J. N. "Woodward of Vancouver, B. C,
Is ono of yesterday's arrivals at the" Oc
cidental.
Mr. aud Mrs. T. W. Crosby of Chicago
are guests at the Palace, where they ar
rived yesterday.
W F. Scatten ahd wife of Detroit am
staying at the Occidental, where they ar
rived yesterday on the overland.
F M. Johnson of St. Louis and F. S.
Kerry and P. R. Lance of Cleveland, 0.,
are all registered at the Palace.
TV R Macinltis, general freight agent
of the Canadian Pacific, is registered at
the Palace, on his way to Del Monte.
E W Sells and C. TV. Sells are two
railroad men who arrived at the Palace
last night on thc.r way to Del Monte.
Clyde W. Miller, a wealthy banker of
Osage City, Kans., is at the Grand, where
he is staying on his wedding tour to the
coast.
C. E. Chaffee, a Chicago railroad man,
is at the Palace to attend the meeting of
the freight men at Del Monte to-morrow
afternoon.
Charles F. Schieffelin, the Los Angeles
mining man. who, together with his
brother, now dead, discovered the famous
Tombstone mine and founded the city of
that name in Arizona, is a guest at the
Baldwin.
"Close the door
and allow no one
to enter unless he
can product* a
satisfactory dis
charge and show <
a foul anchor
sehrimshawt'd on
HOW
i A SAILOR «
WAS MARRIED-"
his left forearm," said Captain Lacy, as
the Ancient Mariners came to an anchor
in their favorite harbor. "Wu have had
enough of strangers who want to fish for
turtles in the Gulf of California.
"I was reading in the papers to-day of
a fashionable wedding that took place
from the Palace Hotel, and it brought to
my mind a wedding- that once came off at
Point Barrow, in the Arctic. A man by
the name of O'Hara had been left in
charge of some bone that was ashore, and
had tak>Mi up with a native woman, with
whom he had been living for some time
when the revenue cutter, with Missionary ,
Sheldon Jackson, the same fellow who
has played the Government for a trip
abroad to procure reindeer when he could
get them on this side at half the expense
and far less trouble, came along.
"Jackson heard of the connection, and
was properly shocked, as became one of
his professed sanctity. 'Captain,' he said
to the vessel's commander, 'this is scan
dalous! It must be stopped. They should
be married.' 'Well, why don't you marry
them?' answered the captain. 'The man
might object,' replied the missionary.
'Object!' exclaimed the commander. 'I'd
like to see any fo-castle son of a tar
bucket object aboard this ship. 'I am the
law here.' Tnen, turning to the quarter
master, 'Send O'Hara aft." That indi
vidual soon appeared, and the captain,
addressing him, said: 'O'Hara, report at
10 o'clock to-morrow with your
woman for marriage directly after
muster.' 'Aye, aye, sor,' answered
the disciplined son of Neptune,
as he saluted. The next morning O'Hara
and his lady love were on hand, but
Jackson refused to perform the ceremony,
as he said the sailor would desert his
wife as soon as he got to civilization.
•What has that to do with it?" inquired
the practical captain. 'Would he not do
the same thing if ne was wedded to a
Malay girl in Java or a Chinese at Hong
kong? However, since I have given the
order it must be executed. O'Hara!' 'Vis,
sor!' 'Are you ready?" 'Oi am, sor:'
•Salute and consider yourself married,
and lake this plug of navy to begin your
honeymoon on.' O'Hara did as he was
ordered, and the happy couple went over
the side hand in hand.
"The wedding stood, for when O'Harn.
j came down to civilization he took a
; little 2-year-old boy with him, which he
■ now sends to school, and every time the
whalers go north he sends enough to keep
Mrs. O'Hara through the ensuing year. "
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PRICE OF BOXES— C. H. C. Casmalia,
Santa Barbara, Cal. The market price of
bones in San Francisco is $10 per ton.
ON TAMALPAlS.— Subscriber, City.
The velocity of tho wind on Mt. Tamal
pais on February 27, IS9B, was, between 11
and 12. 30 miies; 12 to 1, it was 3t> mil' 1.
and the maximum velocity was 40 inEJ.-
per hour at 1 p. m.
BALDHEADEDNESS.-G. S. 8., City.
This correspondent submitted the follow
ing: "It is claimed that insane asylums
contain more baldheaded men than men
with a fair head of hair. Also that it is
a well-known fact that idiots and fools
are never bald. Is that correct?" This
was submitted to Asa Clark, medical su
perintendent of the Stockton State Asy
lum, and he has kindly furnished the fol
lowing answer:
"In my experience with the Insane I
have not found baldheadedness more or
less prevalent than it is met with on on
average outside of the asylum, aod I see
no reason why the growth of hafF should
be interfered with by reason of any form
of insanity present. As far as idiots are
concerned, the saying 'that fools are nev
er Laid' cannot be true, as we have at
present representatives of forms of idi
ocy among whom baldheadedness is pres
ent. As deformities uf the organs of the
nervous system as well as of the body
is generally characteristic of idiocy, one
might meet with a profuse as well as a
scanty growth of hair, though the latter
is more apt to be the case."
Genuine eyeglasses, specs; 15c up. 33 4th
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone 1042. •
One inch of rain falling upon one square
mile is equivalent to about 17,500,000 gal
lons of water.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for airs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
COROXADO.- Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
eoft and mild, being entirely free from th»
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer
stay. $2 r,O per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. \V. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado, late o{ Hotel Colo.
rado, GlenwooU Springs, Colorado.
The largest theater in the world is tha
Grand Optra House of Paris. It covers
more than three acres of ground and cost
I francs.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Tho Cook
. ■ who uses
BAKING
POWDER
is sure of the \
Finest FoodHARD AND FAST
ON A MUD BANK
Three Tugboats Failed to
Move the Llewellyn
J. Morse.
Laid Up for the Winter in Oak
land Creek, She Now Re
fuses to Budge.
Trouble Among th« Fisherman on
the Steamers U. S. Grant and
Henrietta.
The ship Llewellyn J. Morse seems dcs
: I to remain for some time in Oak
land Creek. She was put on the flats
some time ago, when the tides were very
high, and now the tugs cannot get her
Last Friday the tug Vigilant at
tempted t<> tow her, but after the tow
boat had wasted a morning in the vain
attempt gave up the job. Saturday the
tugs i and Active pulled on her
lor two hours, but they met with no more
• ss than the Vigilant.
A combined effort was made by the
tups Reliance, Active and Sea King yes
t< rday. The Sea King and Active were
■ -• ■ r and both had hawsers
from their winches to a convenient wharf
also from their towing bits to the
Llewellyn J. Morse. The Reliance took
a straight hold, not using her winch.
From 8 to 11 a. m. the three powerful
steamers pulled on the ship, but could
>v« her an inch. She is stuck on
.d from amidships forward and it
is the opinion of the towboat captains
-he is jammed between some broken
As the Morse is wanted for the
rj trade, the chances are that an
attempt will be. made to get her off
t.'-day.
The bay of San Francisco is about to
pee the last of the tug Ethel and Marion.
S •• has been turned into a schooner and
a few days will start l"nr the Hume
canneries, where she will
the future be employed. The Ethel
. Marion was the best-known tug on
i ■• bay. Years ago she was used to
■ rry "scab" crews to the ships in the
and the strikers attempted to get
. ,'ii by placing a dynamite cartridge on
oi the cylinders. Next she
■was sunk at fclshermen's wharf,
was raised, repaired and put
ommission again. Latterly she did
ay expenses and was suld at auc
• its. The Union Iron
ter in and Irving M. Scott
to Hume Bros. & Hume.
■ image in port is
ci than it has been In years.. The
tor to carry passengers
: t t-i I 'yea, Skaguay and St.
I lias taken . i iry availa
away from the port, and all
w In the bay only repr<
whereas at the same time last
there was : : \A<h tons awaiting en
gagement. The withdrawal oi \
the coasting- trade will make a
:.i the coal supply next July
August, and the chances are that
will be another advance in prices.
The old bark Dominion is making a
very long from Xew South
Wales. Sh< Is a •»> om eighty-seven days
. i her owners are beginning to think
that it is more than time she was put
arance. T. P. 11. White
man in San Francisco who
dislikes to hear th< sel's name
mentioned. He sent her to Sydney to
■ S'lld, but <>n her arrival Ui.-re she
was condemned. -Lat<r she was sold
auction and the purchase money was
iMii.l i -a m. The latter is still
.. E ith iWales and Whitelaw is out
both vessel and purchase money.
Another vessel that made a long pas
was the bark Haydn Brown. She
■ .ok 314 days to go from Baltimore to
Puget Sound. On May 26 she put into
Bermuda, leaking, and sailed again
■ ing repaired. On September 10 she
I ut into Montevideo on account of every
i ing movable having been washed off
i, r decks, and all the boats being car
ded away. She mailed again November
1 arrived at Seattle last Saturday.
little schooner Thomas S. Negus,
b arrived from Xew Haven, Conn.,
.Saturday left Montevideo over a
•:. later than th-- Haydn Brown.
ached here the same day the Brown
B ind.
A. Paladlni is having trouble with his
ma and fishermen. A few days
is fishing steamers Henrietta and
Grant were In collision outside tho
heads, in which the Grant came off Bec
ond best. As a result Captain Fred
retired and Sat
urday Captain Sam Sundstrom took his
Captain Jansen asserts that the
lin of the Grant was to blame, but
as the latter could tr-11 his story to the
angry owner In his native tongue, and
iis Janson could talk nothing but Dan
ish and broken English he came off sec
ond best.
The trouble did not end there, how
ever. The Farragut, th<^ opposition
Bt earner, has been bringing in good
catches c>f fish to ;i good market of late
and the Henrietta has made no catch at
all to sp< ak ot. Paladini accordingly
fired the • nt ire fishing crew last Satur
day a ■ lot of men went out on
r. If they also fall to make
a catch th.ir walking tickets wiH be
forthcoming to-day and another crew will
be tried. I'aladini will keep on changing
his men until he can get a crew that
can "catena de fisha."
Captains Wilson and Howard, the ex
amining board for the Chamber of Com
. have granted certificates as mas.
tt-r? of saiihiLC vessels to John Benson,
Otto Axell and Theodore Anderson.
NATIONAL GUARD SHOOT.
The Monthly Kifle Practice of Com-
pany L.
rompany -^ of the First Regiment had
it- monthly shoot at Shell Mound yes-
To r< ;a.y. The following are the scores for
-hots and a possible 25:
ar{ js— j. M. Poley, lfi; M. Kms«. 9;
Krainer, 19; T. Kruse, 18; Sergeant F.
Grundman, 22; Porter, 17; Sullivan. IS;
lin Eggert. IS; Rogers. 16: Nounnan.
16- Owens, 14; Yon Hofen, 13; Koerner, 16;
Brown, 8: Leffman, 19; Voll, 6.
i J. M. Foley, 19; T.
Kru-p 16; J. Krainer, 16; M. Kruse, 11;
K( erner 6; Yon Hofen, 11; Porter, 20;
Voll 4; Brown, Vi\ Captain Eggert, 14;
Leffman, 4: IS: Sullivan, 8.
•mis- Captain Eggert, 9; Porter, 13;
Sullivi gers, 11; "w<-ns , C; Noun
nan 10: C. O. Brown, 12; M. Kruse. 3;
Krainer 1C; T. Kruse. 13; Koerner, 6;
Yon Hofen, 3; Grundman, 15; Foley, 14;
J..-ffnan, 3.
ADVERTISEMENT^
FACE
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,
oily, inothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by CimcußA Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. >.
(ytlGiira
Baar is boM throughout the world. Form Dmra *»»
Ciikvi Corp., Bolt Prop*.. Boston, U. S. *.
C jr* '• Bow to Profctit Face Humon," mailed free.
rifCDV UllßlinQ From rimr>» tn S-rn'ula ccr»4
tltnl nUnlUlt » Omwi— tmtmm.
OPENING OF THE TIBURON DRAWBRIDGE.
The Corinthian Yacht Club boys were out In force yesterday. Nearly all of them took the early boat for Tlbu
ron, but Port Captain John Keefe and a few early birds were there before them, and had everything in readi
ness for the opening of the drawbridge when the other yachtsmen arrived.
As soon as the draw was opened three gasoline launches went to work and soon had all the yachts out In
the open. Those that were brought out of the lagoon were the Clara, Seven Bells, Queen, Speedwell, Aeolus,
Thelma, Freda, Migrnon, Clsne, Flirt, Freddie. Juanlta, Will o' the Wisp, Magic, Ella, Florence, Pride, Secret,
Guinevere, Bontta, Scout, Cornelia and Nereid. Some of the yachts went to Sausallto, and the remainder an
chored off' Belvedere. With the opening of the Tiburon drawbridge another yachting season may be said to have
fairly begun.
ON THE RANGE
AT SAN RAFAEL
California Schuetzen Club
Holds Its Bullseye
Shoot
San Francisco Grutli, Verein
Eintraeht and Turners
Hold Contests.
R. Stettin of tho California Club
Scores tho Best Biillsey© in
the Day's Shooting.
Every target in the California Schuet
zen Club'i range, near San Rafael, was
kept bobbing up and down yesterday,
and the marksmen crowded the butts.
The California Schuetzen Club held its
regular monthly bullseye shoot, the San
Francisco Turners Schuetzen Section held
their regular monthly bullseye shoot, and
the Turner's Drum Corps their medal con
test. The San Francisco Grutli shot in
their regular monthly medal and bullseye
shoots, and the San Francisco Verein Eln
tracht Schuetzen Section held their regu
lar monthly bullseye shoot.
The wind was strong and changeable,
and kept the marksmen guessing through
out the day. The light on the targets was
all that could be desired, and despite the
strong wind the scores were good. In the
bullseye shoot of the California Schuet
zen Club, R. Stettin captured first honors,
with the excellent score of 96. In the
Turners, John Utschlg Sr. made a score
of 106 in the .bullseye shoot.
The following are the prize-winners and
their scores in the regular monthly bulls
eye contest of the California Schuetzen
Club on the San Rafael rang© yester
day:
lirst, R. Btettin, 96; second, O. Bremer, 213;
third. A. Jungblut, 347: fourth, F. C. Muller,
377; fifth, A. Breuss, 392; sixth, D. B. Faktor,
494- seventh, Fred Schueman, 531; eighth, A.
N Boyen, 591; ninth, F. A. Kuhls, 657; tenth.
Joseph Straub, 665: eleventh. C. Eg:lng, 667:
twelfth, A. Strecker, 745; thirteenth. John
Utschig Sr., 749; fourteenth, J. H. Suss, SOS;
fifteenth. F. AttinKer. 820; sixteenth. J. C.
Waller M 9'M 9 ' A Bertelsen. 888; Otto Burmeister,.
900; J. H. Robinson, 925; Joe Fetz, 970; Adolph
Utechip, 996; F. J. Carroll, 997; A. Gehret, 1017;
C F Hagerup, 104S; H. Eckmann. 1050.
Cadets California Schuetzen Club— First, F.
Tammeyer. 435; William Utschig, 1376; J. Kull
man, 1510.
The following scores were made by the
members of the San Francisco Grutli in
their regular monthly medal shoot:
Champion class— Gehret, 400 points.
First class— Not shot.
Second class— Robert Hauser, 378 points.
Third class— Charles Ott, 348 points.
First best shot— Robert Hauaer, 23 points;
last best shot, Charles Ott, 24 points.
In the bullseye shoot of the San Fran
cisco Grutli, the following members were
successful:
First, A Gehret; second, Charles Gut; third,
Charles Ott; fourth, A. yon Wyll; fifth. A,
Studer; sixth. F. Baumsartner; seventh,
Joseph Fetz; eighth, Ed Kunz; ninth, John
Reber. *
In the regular monthly bullseye shoot of
the Schuetzen Section of the Verein Ein
tracht the following were the winners:
First J Young; second, C. Schroder: third,
C Sue'hrstedt; fourth, 11. Schwleger; fifth, L.
Schmidt; sixth, Charles Gumbel; seventh, R.
Stettin; eighth, F. Kuhls; ninth. C. Muller;
tenth C. yon Hartwig; eleventh, J. Rohrer;
twelfth. F. Hajrerup.
The following were the successful
marksmen of the San Francisco Turners
and their scores in the regular monthly
bullseye shoot of that organization held
yesterday at Schuetzen Park, near San
Rafael:
First. John TJtschigr, 106; second, Otto Bur
melpter. Ml; third. O. Saeehorn, 28i ; fourth.
Lieutenant J. Straub, 386; fifth, C. Brune «30.
sixth, Robert Langer. 1134; seventh. Chris
Exine 1162; eighth. Captain Fred Attlnger,
11*0; ninth, Adolph Utschig, 1185; tenth R.
Finking. 1195; eleventh. U. M. Thierbach.
1451- twelfth. Lieutenant F. Kammer, 154* ;
thirteenth, William Utschlg, 1703; fourteenth.
Charles Rudolph, 2067.
The following members of, the San
Francisco Turners' Drum Corps competed
for medals, and the following were suc
cessful and received the trophies:
First champion clasa medal — I'en Jonas, 312.
Second championship class medal— William
Straub, 27!>.
First clasa medal— George Krueckel.
Second class medal— F. Krueckel.
Free, one month's treatment of our new-meth
od cure for Nervouj men. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pino.
KILLED BIRDS FOR SFORT.
First Monthly Shoot of the Califor
nia Wing Club Held Yesterday
Afternoon.
The first monthly shoot of the Califor
nia Wing Club was held yesterday after
noon at the Ingleside grounds. The shoot
was for twelve birds and despite the high
wind some excellent scores were made.
As was expected, W. J. Golcher carried
away the honors of the day by not miss
ing a bird which was loosed from the
trap. The score follows: O. Feudmr,
eleven birds out of a possible twelve; P.
C Nauman, eleven: W. J. Golcher,
twelve; "Blade" eight; L. D. Owens,
eleven; P. Mcßae. eleven; F. Vernon,
nine; "Rossini," eight; C. Fisher, nine; C.
A. Halght, ten; H. Wagner, ten; A. M.
Poof shooting, live birds, $2 50 entrance,
also interested the followers of the sport.
Nauman, Haight and Shields took the
money in one of the events, and Wagner
and Mcßae divided first and second
money in the other, while Golcher,
"Slade," Haight and Feudner came in for
third money.
The Vice of Gambling.
The speaker at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association's regular Sunday service
yesterday was Rev. Vf. H. Morelnnd of
St Luke's Church. The subject matter of
his address was the viciousness and evli
effects of gambling, and the talk his au
dience listened to was remarkable for its
strength and thoroughness. A vested
choir of forty men ai?d boys assisted in
the service.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' iUiU-Headacbe never fails. 25c*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1898.
NEWS OF THE
REGULAR ARMY
Major Randolph Will Ar
rive From Fort Riley
This Week.
Two Men Sentenced by the
Court- Martial for Mis
demeanor.
Plan of Organization of tho Ar
tillery Arm of the
Service.
Second Lieutenant Lloyd England,
Third Artillery, has been appointed
quartermaster, commissary, recruiting
officer, officer in charge of prisoners, ord
nance, range and signal officer at Alca
i traz Island, relieving Second Lieutenant
I Rogers F. Gardner, Third Artillery, who
has been transferred from Alcatraz to
the Presidio, and Second Lieutenant Rob
ert S. Abernethy, Third Artillery, who
has been transferred from Alcatraz to
Angel Inland.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles P. Egan,
Chief Commissary, Department of Cali
fornia, was promoted a Colonel last week,
vice Colonel William A. Elderkin, retired,
on the 14th inst. The next retirement in
the subsistence department will occur on
the 22d of next June, when Colonel Wil
liam Holt Xash retires on account of age.
| Colonel Nash'B retirement will promote
Colonel Egan to the senior Colonel of the
subsistence department.
By direction of the Secretary of War
First Lieutenant Henry Page, Assistant
Surgeon, United States Army, will be re
lieved from duty at the Army Medical
School in Washington, to take effect upon
the completion of the course at the school
ending April 1, 1898, and will proceed to
take station at the Presidio.
Major Wallace F. Randolph, Third Ar
tillery vsho has commanded the artillery'
squadron at Fort Riley, Kansas, for sev
eral years past, has been relieved from
duty at that post and directed to report
to the commanding General of the J->e
partment of California for assignment.
Major Randolph is expected to arrive in
San Francisco some day this week.
| Captain William E. Dougherty, Compa
! Ny C. First Infantry, Preaidlo, but who
has been absent from his station since
June 23, 1593, on duty a.t the Hoopa \ alley
Indian Agency as Indian Agent, is visit
ing San Francisco. Captain Dougherty is
registered at the Occidental.
The following named officers of the
Third Artillery have been ordered before
the several examining boards appointed
to meet in the different military depart
ments for examination as to their fitness
for promotion: Captain James B. Bur
bank. Captain William A. Kobbe, First
Lieutenant Henry R. Lemly; first Lieu
tenant Henry H. Ludlow, First Lieuten
ant Charles B. Satterlee and Sc-cond Lieu
tenant Frank G. Mauldin.
During the past week a general court
martial has been in session at the Pre
sidio for the trial of such prisoners as
were brought before it. The following
named officers comprise the court: Cap
tains James S. Pettit, George H. G. Gale,
Charles G. Starr and Xat P. Phister;
First Lieutenants A. T. Dean, Frank O.
Ferris, John P. Halns; Second Lieuten
ants Charles L. Bent and Charles T.
! Boyd 1 First Lieutenant Archibald Camp
' bell Judge Advocate. The laU-.st victims
! are Private Charles R. Kunz, Light Bat
tery F, Third Artillery, who was tried
and found guilty of absence without
leave, and of taking without authority
and with intent to convert the same to
his own use certain articles of clothing.
; tho property of a deserter. He was sen
tenced to be dishonorably discharged, for
feit all pay and allowances due, and to
i be confined at Alcatraz Prison for nine
I months. Sergeant Garrett F. Callahan,
! Ordnance Detachment, was tried and
I found guilty of drunkenness while on duty.
He was sentenced to forfeit to the United
! States $20 of his pay.
The detachment of four non-commis
sioned officers and twenty privates, one
non-commissioned officer and five privates
i from each battery of artillery stationed
at Angel Island, Fort Mason and Fort
Baker, that have been temporarily on
duty at the Presidio since the 26th ultimo,
for the purpose of mounting guns, re
turned on Saturday to their proper sta
tions.
Recent orders from Washington promul
gate the plan of organization for the ar
tillery arm, as authorized by the act of
Congress, approved March 8, IS9S. The
artillery arm, when recruited to its max
imum authorized strength, will comprise
three hundred and one officers and five
! thousand six hundred and thirty-live en
listed men. Each foot battery will con- !
sist of one captain, one first lieutenant,
one second lieutenant, one first sergeant,
six sergeants, four corporals, two musi
; clans, two artificers, one wagoner and
I forty-nine privates. Each battery of field
■ artillery will consist of one captain, one
lirst lieutenant, one second lieutenant,
, one first sergeant, six serg-eants, eight
; corporals, two musicians, two farriers, j
i saddler, two artilicers, one wagroner and i
fifty-two privates. The War Department
| has estimated the cost of the two regi- '
ments of artillery recently added to the j
army at 1685,064 GO a year. The net charge i
I for the officers added to the force ia
I $67,880. The charge for the enlisted men |
! is $4tJ2.174i»; viz., pay for the men, $276,
1 012; clothing. $!)2,13S 50; rations, $&4.024.
The quartermaster department of the
i army has been increasing its orders for
i supplies of all kinds. All the new ma
terial for tents will be dyed in the fiber, j
I the drab-colored tent, which was re
cently given a successful trial at army
i posts, having been adopted. The sup
plies of the department have been con- i
siderably reduced by reason of issuing to
the Stateß, the army, the marine corps
and in preparations for equipping the
new artillery regiments.
Second Lieutenant William S. McNair,
Battery G. Third Artillery, ordnance offl- !
cer at Angel Island, who has been on j
special duty at the Presidio since tho 26th !
of last February, in connection with the ;
mounting of guns at Fort Point, returned ■
to Angel Island on Saturday.
Ffrat Lieutenant Francis E. Lacey Jr.,
Company B, First Infantry, Bonicia Bar
racks, and First Lieutenant Hiram McL.
Powell, Company A, First Infantry, Pre-
Bldio, with the detachment of enlisted
men under their charge, are relieved from
duty in connection with the progressive
military map ordered by the Secretary of
War, and directed to proceed to the Pre
sidio by marching. The detachments now
are in Los Angeles County.
The following promotions, appointments
and discharges of enlisted men were made
last week at the Presidio: Corporal Rob
ert D. Cooper, Troop B, Fourth Cavalry,
was promoted a sergeant in Troop B;
Lance Corporal Edward T. Balch, Troop
B, Fourth Cavalry, was appointed cor
poral. Sergeant Seth Lovell, Troop C,
Fourth Cavalry. was discharged on
account of expiration of service, and •re
enlisted in Troop C; Sergeant John Peck,
Company E, First Infantry, has been dis
charged on account of expiration of ser
vice; Coporal M. Maher, Company E,
First Infantry, was appointed sergeant in
Company E; Lance Corporal C. M. Elli
son, Company E, First Infantry, has been
appointed a corporal; Percy Sumner has
been discharged from Company F, First
Infantry, on account of expiration of
service; Patrick Bannlgan has re-enllsted
in Troop C, Fourth Cavalry; Robert L.
Cook, Light Battery C, Third Artillery,
who has served Uncle Sam for the past
eight years, has been discharged on ac
count of expiration of service.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Walter E. Burke, ordnance de
tachment, Benicia Arsenal, will be dis
charged from the service of the United
States.
Private Charles Rademacher, Company
H, First Infantry, Benicia Barracks, is
upon his own application transferred to
Battery G, Third Artillery, stationed at
Angel Island.
Private Robert A. d'Ewart, Troop D,
Fourth Cavalry, has been transferred to
the Hospital Corps as a private.
Under instructions from headquarters
of the army Private Michael Fahey, Com
pany B, First Infantry, stationed at Be
nicia Barracks, will be discharged from
the service of the United States.
Private John W. Kowsky, Battery C,
Fifth Artillery, has been transferred to
the Hospital Corps as a private.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Commissary Sergeant Albert Kelly, now
at the Presidio, has been transferred to
Benicia Barracks; and Commissary Ser
geant William M. Connolly, now at Beni
cia Barracks, is transferred to the Pre
sidio.
Elbert A. Shipley, late of Company G,
Eighteenth Infantry, re-enlisted at San
Antonio, Tex., recently for Battery X,
Third Artillery, stationed at Alcatraz.
Private William Pfeffer, belonging to
the Seventh Cavalry band, now stationed
at Fort Grant, Arizona, has. upon his
own application, been transferred to the
Third Artillery ban*, stationed at Angel
Island.
Pursuant to authority from the major
general commanding the army, a fur
lough for three months has been granted
Private Jesse F. Brawner. Company E,
First Infantry, stationed at the Presidio.
Recent orders from the War Depart
ment direct that Charles Breushle. Light
Battery C, Third Artillery, stationed at
the Presidio, be transferred to the Hos
pital Corps as a private.
A furlough for three months has been
granted First Sergeant Alexander H. Da
vidson, Troop E. Fourth Cavalry.
JEWISH FAIR HAS CLOSED.
Union Square Hall Last Evening the
Scene of an Auction by Girls »
and Men.
The Bush Street Temple Bnzaar closed
last night The remaining hours of the
fair were spent raffling; off the various
articles that had not been otherwise dis
posed of. There was a great deal of
amusement over this, as the ladies and
gentleman vied to see which sex was
most fitted to sell goods by means of
auctioneering.
Dr. L,. R. Jacobs amused the people
present by his sleight-of-hand tricks, at
which he is auite an adept Miss 11.
Nathan was also successful as an enter
tainer, and quite captured th..se present
by her dialect and dramatic selections.
Thrs fair has been both a financial and
social sucft-ss, and everybody is sorry
that it has closed.
The holders of the lucky tickets In tho
raffling may find out all about the win
ning numbers and procure their articles
any day at the synagogue between the
hours of 1 and 2.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS.
Daughters Should be Carefully
Guided in Early "Womanhood.
1
What suffering frequently results
from a mother's ignorance; or more
frequently from a mothers neglect to
properly instruct her daughter 1
Tradition says "woman must suffer,"
and young women are so taught.
There is a little truth and a great deal
of exaggeration in this. If a young
woman suffers severely she needs
treatment and her mother should see
that she gets it.
Many mothers hesitate to take their
daughters to a physician for examina-
tion; but no mother need hesitate to
write freely about her daughter or
herself to Mrs. Pinkham and secure
the most efficient advice without
charge. Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn, Mass. ■
The following letter from Miss Marib
F. Johnson, Centralia, Pa., shows what
neglect will do, and tells how Mrs.
Pinkham helaed her :
"My health became so poor that I
had to leave school. I was tired all the
time, and had dreadful pains in my
side and back. I was also troubled
with irregularity of menses. I was
very weak, and lost so much flesh that
my friends became alarmed. My
mother, who is a firm believer in your
remedies from experience, thought per-
haps they might benefit me, and wrote
yon for advice. I followed the advice
you gave, and used Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound and Liver Pills as
pou directed, and am now as well as I
»ver was. I have gained flesh and have
i good color. I am completely cured of
xregularity."
THE FINEST
ARE EXCITED
Promotions Are Looked
For on the First Mon
day in April.
The Resignations of Two Cap
tains and a Lieutenant
Are Expected.
A Sergeant Will Bo Appointed at a
Meeting of the Commissioners
To-Night.
There is considerable speculation in the
Police Department as to who will be ap
pointed sergeant to fill the vacancy
caused by the dismissal of Sergeant
Davis from the force. The appointment
would have been made at the meeting
last Monday night if it had not been for
the absence of Commissioner Alvord,
awing to indisposition.
The appointment will be made at the
meeting of the Commissioners to-night,
and among the names of those mentioned
as likely to secure the desired promo
tion are Policemen Rainsbury, Merrick,
Leonard, Fraher and Al Wright. All
i these men have done excellent service in
the department, and it is conceded that
any one of them would till the bill except
; ably.
The resignation of Lieutenant Bennett
I of the Potrero, which will take effect at
I the next quarterly meeting of the Pension
i Commissioners on the hrst Monday in
' April, has also caused a good deal of
i speculation as to his successor, it is
currently reported that at the same meet
| ing the resignations of Captains Bohen
and Dunleavy and Sergeant Shields will
| be accepted, and tne names of their prob
able successors are being freely dia
j cussed.
To fill the vacancy caused by the res
ignation of Lieutenant Bennett the names
of Sergeants John Martin and Price are
mentioned. They are both able and ef
ficient officers, and richly deserve promo
tion. The general impression is that
Sergeant Martin will get the plum. If,
however, Captain Dunleavy's resignation
is accepted, that would mean the pro
motion of a lieutenant, and consequently
there would be two vacancies of lieuten
ants to be lined, and both Martin and
Price could accommodated.
Following the same reasoning, the
question of successors to the two cap
tains comes into prominence. It Is gen
eral ly understood that a successor to
Captain Bohen lies between Detectives
Bee and Seymour. The former Is well
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• »*i jH? — * ! :■- k- 1 il it
Combination
Case
Will be found a useful ornament to
any room In your house. In oak
or mahogany. Prices low enough
to suit your pocket or high enough :
to gratify your inclination. In any
case, these handsome combination
affairs cannot be purchased as ad-
vantageously at any other store.
Our entire stock, including a magnificent
stock of Carpets, sold at south' of- Market-
street prices.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
Beware of Imitations
IM -Or^a**
*^ ytiohesTershireOi
•:.;#■; V*
' JOHN OU«ICfN'B SONS, ACIHT*. NEW YORK.
000000000000000000
%T% T - M ? PALACE *-ip%
g GRA ND hotels o
!l . SAN FRANCISCO. if
** Connected by a covered passageway. "
1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. Q
O KOTE THE PRIC£3: q
O European Plan-SI.OO per day and upward rt
American Plan.!S3.Oo p«r dayand upward '•'
Q . Correspondence Solicited. j Q i
Q JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. q
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTY:
rpgrS TTBtX-K JtOWW AND RKLrABI.E OLTi
.L Spf*iHllstct(n'4l > rlvate,Nervous,U!oo<3 and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
- 20 years' experience. Send for Book, free.' Putients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hour«, oto 3
daily;B:3o toS.SOev'Ks. *>ii.d;iys, 10 to 12. Consults-
clou free and sacredly confidential, fail or address
P. R«S«'OE McNtLTT, M. D., :
2G 7 . Kearnr Street. Sao Francinco. Cal
1 *W-iiiHilnM>faffl*i liwJ^ ■ ;
'■■'-...- •■• •
liked by the Police Commissioners, but
the latter has Chief Lees at his back,
and It would be a question as to whether
the Commissioners or the Chief would
play the winning card. The consensus of
opinion is that the Commissioners would
win.
As to a successor to Captain Dunleavy,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+••1
CITY OF tff| PARIS.
WASH GOODS' ifRTINT.
We will offer this week an entire new line of
Wash Fabrics.
Imported French Organdies.
i French, Grenadines, all colors.
Printed Lawns and Irish Dimities.
| White and Colored Persian Lawns,
i Fancy Colored Piques for Waists.
Madras and Crash Suitings (New Styles).
| Scotch Zephyrs in Plain Checks and Plaids.
| Plain French Organdies in the Leading Colors.
Mousseline de Soie, full line of colors, just opened.
[ 4-4 French Percales, 36-inch, best quality, at 12Ka
I White and Colored Dotted Swiss, prices ranging from 32M0 to 50c.
> SPECIAL.
50 PIECES WHITE FIGURED PIQUE AT 25c PER YARD.
! SAMPLES SENT ON APPLICATION
MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
! DON'T FAIL
to visit our MILLINERY DEPARTMENT, where vre are show-
ing the very latest PARISIAN CREATIONS.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
fSiIUUHDLB fiOTTLOB a C? ussus &>vuu«a
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Comedy. THE
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
Presented by JOSEPH HOLLAND and an
Efficient Cast. ;. ■
EXTRA—
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
Season's Gala Event.
The Greatest Farce of the Age,
A GAY DECEIVER!
Introducing Beautiful
ANNA HELD,
The Glory of France— The Star of Paris.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
VERIEDUNDIfi GOTUOBaC'UMfIt *»**>»
ALL THIS WEEK.
The Big Spectacular Production,
RICE'S "1492!"
60 PEOPLE 60.
. Elaborate Staging— Beauty Galore.
Next Monday— JAMES J. CORBETT.
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN STARS— 2S.
CHARLES T. ELLIS and COMPANY In the
one-act comedy, "Mrs. Hogan's Music Teach-
er"- McCALE & McDANIELS, knockabout
Irish comedy; MASTER WADE COCHRANE,
mental wonder; CARL DAMMON TROUPE,
greatest acrobats: last week of BURKE &
FORREST. ATHAS & COLLINS. RUDINOFF.
JOSEPHINE BABEL and the JOSE QUIN-
TETTE.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, lOo; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. DOc. ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Krelixo. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING 1
The Most Amusing of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
Superb Cast! Bright Burlesques! Brilliant
Light Effects! Up-to-date Medleys! En-
trancing Specialties! Magnificent Scenery!
"The Heart of Maryland" Travesty upon "II
Trovatore."
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
Popular Prices 250 and 500
No Telephone Orders Received.
DURWARD LELYj_PATTI'S TENOR.
x %£ >l Recitals of Scottish Song and Story.
"2iJ*r|W Y. M C. A AUDITORIUM.
THIS EVENING, MARCH 21.
"A NICHT Wl' BURNS."
TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 22,
ROSE, THISTLE AND SHAMROCK.
General Admission, EOc; Reserved Seats, 75c.
Seats on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., on and after March
17, or at Box Office Evenings of Concerts.
BY UNIVERSAL REQUEST,
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST,
MARTEAU!
Accompanied by
LACHAUME,
PIANIST,
Will Give TWO ADDITIONAL RECITALS.
WEDNESDAY EVENING, March 23, and
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, March 26.
Popular Prices.
Seats will be on sale at the San Francisco
Music Store, 225 Sutter street, to-morrow.
MOTHERS run nDCI\I TAKE YOUR
TAKE YOUR WHILI/AEll MOTHERS
To the- ZOO
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
See Captain Cardono's Group of Trained Lions
—The Most Thrilling Animal Act Extant!
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc. ; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
Nt VMDU Corner of Mfson and
UJLllTlt^lA Eddy Street. 1
America's most beautiful nutate hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. The 3 ALBIONS,
grotesque comedians; ZANFRELLA &
WALSH, porch artists; ADAMS SISTERS,
balladists; MONTALAIS. soubrette; ARNEL-
DO and ten others. House heated. Admission
free.:-.-;:'-,-; ; .'; • "; "
SPECIAL EXCURSION TO SAN JOSE
AND THE SANTA_CLARA VALLEY.
Natural carnival of buds and blossoms. On
SATURDAY, March 26, at 8:30 a. ret., a spe-
cial train will leave the Southern Pacific depot,
at Fourth and Townsend streets, for San Jose,
return Saturday night or on any Sunday train.
One-half fare for the round, trip. Come and
see the beautiful Santa Clara Valley when its
great fruit orchards are in bloom. Roads and
drives lined with great natural bouquets of
unrivaled beauty and fragrance. : Carriages
will meet the train and excursions to the Wil-
lows. .Campbells, Los Gatos, Saratoga, Alum
Rock. Berryessa and other points: of interest
arranged. . Valley of orchard 1 trees at height
of bloom, »
the names most prominently mentioned
are Lieutenant Hanna and Sergeant
Helms. The lieutenant has the advan
tage of being in the direct line of promo
tion, but Helms has served several years
under Dunleavy on the water front, and
is thoroughly conversant with the pe
culiarities of the district.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT, MARCH 21ST,
Grand Reproduction of Oliver Byron's
Great Play,
THE UPPER HAND.
Special Engagement of
FREDERICK! TJADER
ECCENTRIC COMEDIAN.
And
LA PETITE LUND,
The Infant Prodigy, In her Brilliant Specialties.
. New Scenic and Mechanical Effects.
Evening Prices 10c, 25c and 60c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR. seats by
ALLAZAk. phone
rxi^wn^rii\. main 234.
FUN FOR OUR PATRONS.
TO-NIGHT
THE HOWLING FARCE,
UNCLE DUDLEY:
— OR—
THE GIRL UP TO DATE !
Little Venie— Ada Lewis' Rival.
Brand New Specialties.
Prices 15c, 25c. 85c. EOo
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleslde Track.)
Raoing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, April 2, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS 11:45 and 1:15 P. M.
DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after th«
races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny and Mission street cars every thre©
minutes, direct to track without change. Fin-
more-street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
standmTmarine
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day or December. A. D. 1597. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash $ 500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,276,279 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash In banks 113,856 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans. 13,212 00
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion 190,840 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 4,593 00
Policy stamps on hand 1,254 00
Total assets $1, 605, 034 00
r ->,-;. LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, Including
expenses $ 154,575 00
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, gross prem-
iums on marine time risks .: 154.395 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 93,479 00
Total liabilities $ 402,449 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums $ 559,321 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 34,463 00
Total Income $ 593,784 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses. .s 483.138 00
Dividends to stockholders 50,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 38,303 24
Paid for State, National and local
! taxes .'..' 7,363 78
; All other payments and expenditures 6,032 00
Total expenditures $ 554,543 00
Marine losses incurred . during the •
year 498,760 00
Marine Prem-
Risks and Premiums. Risks. turns.
Net amount 'of risks writ-
ten. during the year $102,269,140 00
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year..... i 101,693,855 511,606 00
Net amount In force De- ,
cember 31, 1597 | 9,436,465 154.395 00
.J. WILLIAMSON, President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of February. 1898. W. J. SITUS,
United States Vice-Consul at Liverpool. ■
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., ■
General Agents. ;
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
Managers.
208 Sansome Street, S.l*.-
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968.
56
HER TEARS
FAILED TO
MOVE HIM
The Husband of Mrs.
Alverson After He*r
Betrayer.
Threatens to Kill Hall,
Alias Hartman, on
Sight.
He Visits Police Headquarters
and Obtains a Statement
of the Robbery.
CAME FROM MONTANA.
Determined to Wreak V«ngo«no« on
the M«n Who Deo«ived
Her.
The husband of Mrs. Alverson, the
woman who claims she was twice robbed j
by Frank Hall, alias Hartman, a remit
tarice maji, is determined to make his ;
wife's despoiler suffer for the double :
crime. Alverson is a Montana cattle king. '■
After learning the story of his wife's j
disgrace, he concluded to visit the city !
for the purpose of wreaking vengeance
on the man who had robbed her. Alver
son arrived here last Saturday night, and ;
at once repaired to his wife's apartments, |
..! 208 Eddy street. She pleaded for for- !
giveness, hut her tearful entreaties only '
sed his anger. Shortly after 8 ;
<>'. lock yesterday -morning the cattle king,
accompanied by his wife, visited the office |
of Chief of Police Lees for the purpose,
aa he stated, of learning the facts of the ;
robbery. Mrs. Alverson, pale and trem
bling, remained silent while the clerk
briefly t<>ld the indignant husband of his
- downfall. Evidently dissatisfied
With the story told him, Alverson de- i
manded to know the name of the police
man who had arrested Hall. When told
that the arresting officer was William
Brophy, Alverson asked that he be sent
for. As Brophy was not on duty at the
time it was arranged that he should meet
the cattle king in his wife's apartments
at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Brophy
appeared at the appointed hour, and to
the indignant husband he informed him j
of what had transpired. Furious with :
rage, Alverson swore vengeance against
his wife's despoiler. He declared that he
would spend his entire fortune in running
him down, and make him suffer for his ■
despicable act.
Last night Alverson was searching for
Hall, but he failed to find him. It is
believed that he became aware of the
visit of the cattle king, and fearing
violence at his hands, he wisely conclud
i ■': to leave the city.
Mrs. Alverson, about a week ago, met i
Hall in a resort on Eddy street, and j
after having several rounds of drinks,
they repaired to his apartments. Dur
ing the night he stole her money and !
valuables and quietly left the room.
On discovering her loss a short time
afterward she at once notified Chief Lees,
who detailed Policeman Brophy to find
the thief. He located him in a saloon
on Market street, and when searched
all the stolen property was found in his
possession. Hall was then taken to the
City Prison, but as the woman refused i
to prosecute him he was shortly after- i
ward released. Several days later Hall j
again met Mrs. Alverson and invited her j
• a ride to Golden Gate Park. While >
passing a lonely spot, she claims, a
masked man sprang out upon them, and !
at the point of a revolver ordered the !
thoroughly frightened woman to throw |
up her hands. Hall, she claims, took j
her money and jewelry, and after threat
ening to kill her if she informed the po
lice ne and his confederate disappeared
In the brush. Mrs. Alverson reported i
the robbery to a private detective agency
and offered a reward for the recovery
Df her diamonds. Her husband learned
Df her conduct by reading a dispatch in
a. Montana paper, giving a few details i
Df the robbery, and he immediately de- j
rided to wreak vengeance on the. man j
who had basely bertayed his wife. Last i
night he again visited police headquar- i
ters, and invoked the aid of Chief Lees '
in assisting him in finding Hall. When !
told it was believed that he had left the i
city he declared he would follow him to i
the north pole, if necessary, and force j
liim to atone for his double crime.
WINDY DAY AT
PARK AND OCEAN
Thousands Seek the Beach,
Hoping to See a Great
Storm.
Electrio Lights Will Bo Put In
Golden Gate Park This
Week.
Owing to the high wind yesterday there
were comparatively few people at the
park, though thousands visited the Cliff
House, hoping to behold a heavy sea.
The sea, however, was comparatively
light, though the wind was a regular hur
ricane along the beach.
There were no accidents at the park
or beach. In spite of the fact that a great
many of those who went to the ocean
were considerably inebriated when they
got there.
There were two donations to the Park
Museum last week. John L. Bardwell
save a bronze monument In the shape
of a frog, and the Mayflower Mining
Company presented a beautiful piece of
cement, rich in free gold.
Important improvements are now un
3er way at the park. During the past
two weeks the- men of the force have
AD VERTISEMEK TS.
Keep in mind that Scott's
Emulsion contains the hypo-
phosphites.
These alone make it of
great value for all affections
of the nervous system.
It also contains glycerine,
a most valuable, soothing
and healing agent. Then
there is the cod-liver oil, ac-
knowledged by all physicians
as the best remedy for poor
blood and loss in weight.
These three great remedial
agents blended into a creamy
Emulsion, make a remark-
able tissue builder.
50c. and $1.00, ■!! druggists.
SCOTT & aOWNL, Chtmfcu, New York,
finished laying four miles of wire for elec- I
trie lighting. They expect to have the
poles up this week and be ready to light
the park by the Ist of April. The wires
will be placed {rom Baker street to ;
Strawberry 11 ill and all the driveways
will be lighted. The railroad company
will cut through a shorter driveway to i
the ocean this "week by way of the new j
bridge.
The work of transforming the steam
road from the park to the ocean to an
electric road will begin to-day. The last ;
train ran yesterday and the new road
will probably be finished and in opera
tion in about six weeks, after which the
electric cars on this road ■will run every
ten minutes.
FUNERAL 0£ T. J. BASS.
Escorted by the Entire Golden Gate J
Cominandery of the Masons, His
Body Is Laid to Rest.
The hall of Masonic Temple on Post j
PAID TRIBUTE TO THE MEMORY OF THEIR DEPARTED LEADER.
The temperance workers of the continent propose to erect a monument to the memory of their departed leader.
Miss Frances Willard. The site for it has been chosen and Chicago is the place selected. It will be a gigantic me
morial building. Members of the "W. C. T. U. have already commenced to collect funds for the memorial, and yester
day quite a snug sum was realized in this city as a nucleus for the donations that are expected to follow.
The movement was initiated ail over the United States by memorial services that were conducted in all the
cities, towns and villages in the Union where branches of the organization exist. In this city the services were held
at the First Baptist Church. Words of tribute to the memory of the departed leader of the army that is waging a
hard war against intemperance were said by Mrs. B. Sturtevant-Peet and Miss Jessie Ackerman. Miss Ackerman
in her remarks said:
'"In 1885 there was an exciting scene witnessed in New Tork. Word had come that U. S. Grant was dead— a
man whom all loved and all equally honored. Every one vied with his neighbor to show the most honor to the de
parted hero. I remember so well the crowd as his funeral procession passed through the street and I went into a
doorway that I might better see the cortege. I did not notice for a few moments where I had gone, and when I did
I found it was a little shop. In the window the proprietor had a card, poorly written, poorly spelt, but the senti
ment of that card meant more than all the mottoes that hung around the streets. It simply said, 'A man has died.'
Truly the grandest tribute that was ever paid to Grant was paiS in these words.
"In the early part of February of this year there flashed across the wires the news that 'A woman had died.'
Yes, a woman had died, and that woman caused a great part of the world to lay down Its work and weep over her
departure. It was Frances E. Willard, the grandest woman of the age, who had left this world.
"Miss Willard was a friend of the lowly, a friend of the oppressed. She had a sweet smile and a gracious
way for all. She was a woman with a marvelous and imperial intellect.
"To-day we do not come to mourn over her death, but to pay tribute to her memory — not to weep, but to
honor the beloved departed."
street was crowded by the friends and
relatives of the late T. J. Bass, who had
gathered to testify to the respect and
love which were his during life.
The funeral oration was delivered by
Master W. E. Boyer, and when it was
concluded the mourners took their lnat
look at the well-known and beloved fea
tures, after which the nd of the coffin
was screwed down and the casket was
taken by the pallbearers, M. Doane, I.
M. Merrill, C. S. Benedict, W. F. Fonda,
F. Koenig, A. E. Heat, S. H. Brown and
Paul Sieler, to the hearse. The body, es
corted by the entire Golden Gate Com
mandery in full uniform, was driven to
the Masonic Cemetery, where it was in
terred.
■ ♦ ■
PROMISED TURF UPHEAVAL.
Jockeys Jones and Spencer to Be
Placed on the Rack Wednesday-
Night — Ingleside Races.
The coming Investigation of the charges
against the suspended riders, Jones and
Spencer, together with the prohable im
plication of several others In the scandal,
will be food for the gossips the coming
week. The California Jockey Club offi
cials seem determined to sift the thing
to the bottom, and unless the rumored
charges of fraud assume gigantic propor
tions there is apt to be a vacancy or two
on the turf. Some very prominent names
are being mentioned in connection with
the thing, but racetracks are most pro
ductive of "dope stories" and it may all
end in the suspended individuals being
completely exonerated.
The scene of racing operations will
again be transferred to Ingle.side this
afternoon. Like nearly all of the cards
offered at the local track there is a no
ticeable paucity of entries, but with
more or less class attached.
Following are the entries:
Fir^t Race — Seven furlongs; Belling.
fi?3 Viking- 1041 754 Masoero 112
7.19 Don Fulano ....110l 736 Geo. Palmer ...104
729 Mamie O 1051 765 Donation 113
7.'.2 Wraerua 107 1 73fi Wm. O'U 110
632 Gallant K/< 745 Schnitz l\<>
763 Metaire 107 723 Tim Murphy ..112
725 Daylight 115
Second Race — Five furlongs.
SOR Rubicon 11l (757)Hurly Burly .. M
(483)O'ConneIl 108 728 St. Calatine 90
697 Briar Sweet ....102 (738)Bellicoso 11l
Third Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; Occidental stakes; $1000.
... Lavator 102 760 Toluca %
(765) Sevens 35 756 Semicolon 104
760 Bonlhel 95 766 Buena Ventura. 95
786 Prank Ireland.. 98
Fourth Race — One mile.
(714)Pau! OriRKS ....110| 443 Buckwa 11l
(752)5<-ar!>')rou>;h ...Uo| 76S Libertine 114
Filth Race — One and an eighth miles; sell-
Ing.
(695) J0e Ullman 112 750 Rey del Tlerra.lo2
672 Little Cripple ..105 750 Don Clarencio ..102
701 Sons & Dance.. 103 659 Fashion Plate -.104
750 Paul Pry 106
Sixth Race— One mile; three-year-olds.
(764) Dr. Marks ....103 764 Oddson 11l
... Floronso 106 431 San Venado 106
761 Applejack 106 (759)Charlea Le Bel. 103
762 Don Luis 103 .' • :;
TO-DAY'S. SELECTIONS.
First Race— Daylight. Masoero, Mamie O.
Second Race — Sweet, O'Connell, Hurly
Burly.
Third — Frank Ireland, Sevens, Semi
colon.
Fourth Race— Buckwa, Paul Griggs, Liber
tine. ■;??■-&'■ y^'vi.^%
Fifth Race— del Tlerra, Fashion Plate,
Joe Ullman.
Sixth Race — Luis, San Venado, Dr.
Marks. * . /iv
A UNIQUE DINNER PARTY.
Anna Held, James J. Corbett and
Tod Sloan to Break Bread
Together.
When Anna Held dines for the first
time in this city she will play the hostess
:o two men, one of whom is noted for his
size and pugilistic attainments, the other
tor his diminutive physique, his skill
with the ribbons and his swell clothes.
The guests of Miss Held at her initial
<!innt-r in San Francisco will be no other
than James J. Corbett and Tod Sloan.
.Miss Held opens at the Baldwin next
Monday night, Corbett at the Columbia.
The dinner will be given Sunday evening
on her special car. which will be raJled at
Third :ind Townsend streets. The day
following Tod Sloan will drive Miss Held
;it:d Corbett to the Ingleside track on his
own tally-ho.
Sons of Veterans, U. S. A.
Charles L. Pierce, division commander !
of the Sons of Veterans, U. S. A., Di- |
vision of California and the Hawaiian ;
Islands, which has loyalty for its watch- I
word, patriotism for its corner-stone and
Old Glory for its inheritance, has issued
a circular letter to the members. In which
he says:
"One of the fundamental principles of
our order is that we should be a thor
oughly drilled military organization. It
seems to me that at the present mo
ment of Intense excitement over the
Spanish situation our country may need !
us. Therefore, as loyal and patriotic
Sons of Veterans, I call upon you to or- 1
ganize military companies throughout I
the State and be ready to defend ouH
country."
« ♦ ■ — ,
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr.Davla' Anti-Headache. All Druggists. *\
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1808.
POOLS GOOD,
POOLS BAD
Jurors Refuse to Fine One
Dealer and License
Another.
A War Between Pool-Sellers
at the Track and Those
in the City.
Commissioner Gunst Tries to Blame
Chief Lees for Not Closing
Poolrooms.
I The situation regarding the prosecution
' of poolsellers in this city Is so strange
1 that it presents many interesting fea
tures and Is likely to lead to scandals and
! exposures.
It Is openly charged by the poolsellers
in the city that Commissioner Gunst is
protecting the poolsellers at the race track
and is doing all in his power to have
those in the city punished and closed up,
j not because he is religiously opposed to
! the selling of pools, but because he is
> interested in doing all in his power to
hurt the city poolseliers, so as to give
those on the track a monopoly of the bus
iness.
There have been something like seventy
arrests for selling pools In San Francisco
thirty-five cases have been tried and
about an equal number aro pending in
the courts. Of all cases tried but two
have resulted in convictions. The fine
in these was the petty sum of $5, which
sum the brokers would gladly pay daily
for immunity from molestation.
There was a rumor on the streets a
few days ago that Gunst had blamed
Chief Cees for the failures to convict,
the accusation being made that he in
structed officers to select men who are
Indifferent on the subject.
In regard to the charges last night
Chief Lees made the following statement:
"There ia no conflict between Mr. Gunst
and me. The Juries have all been satis
factory to Judge Murphy, who has been
specially prosecuting the cases. In every
Instance the jurors have been represent
ative merchants and business men, but
they have been too broad minded to make
fish of one and fowl of the other. They
have not been willing to allow men to
sell pools without molestation on the
race track and punish others In the city
severely for doing the same thing. We
have done all we can do. We have taken
licenses away from all saloons that sell
pools, and have driven the poolsellers to
selling in secret. They no tonger issue
tickets and they will not sell unless they
know their man is all right."
WHO STRUCK J. S. GADDISP
! The Police Tracing the Man's Move
ments to Find the Guilty Party.
The police were at work all day yes-
I terday tracing the movements of J. S.
I Gaddis on last Friday night when he was
injured so seriously that he died the fol
lowing evening- There is but little doubt
, in the minds of the officers that he be
1 came engaged in a brawl and received his
w.mnds during the tight, but who the
guilty are they have been unable to de
termine.
Officers Bean and Ellis of the harbor
station were detailed on the case and
; starting from the saloon at 23 East street,
where Gaddis was last seen, found the
woman whom he had been with on Fri- I
day night. She was Lily Hill, and she
gave to the police a full account of where
. she and Gaddis had boon. About 530
o'clock they went from the saloon to a i
: rooming house at 9 Clay street, run by
I a Mrs. Mulloch. Shortly before S o'clock
j Gaddis ran down stairs with the woman's
t shoe in his hand, and Lily followed him.
Mrs. Mulloch took Gaddis to task for
creating a disturbance, and when he be
gan to curse her she had him put out of '
the house, and it is said that after he
was on the street he had a fight with
some men. Whether he was assaulted i
while in The house or after he left it is i
a matter of conjecture, but the police are
inclined to believe that it was on the side
walk.
The records of the Harbor Station show I
that a J. S. Gladdis wasarrested for be- ;
ing drunk about S o'clock Friday night
and investigation has proven that this
was the man Gaddis. A boy informed
the station, on that evening, that a man
was lying on the sidewalk in front of 9
Clay street. Officer J. F. McKay went
to the place and found Gaddis, with his
coat and hat off and his face considerably
bruised. Inquiry of the crowd around the
man as to whether there had been a
fight failed to bring any response. Gad
dis was taken to the station and was
| booked, but when asked how he had been
j hurt replied that it was all right, batur
: day morning he was taken to the Cen
| tral Station, and when discharged by one
; of the Judges returned to his room at
I the Golden Eagle Hotel, and seemed all
: right until late in the evening when he
I became unconscious. It is not known ex-
I actly what caused the man's death. The
! Receiving Hospital people believe that his
! skull was fractured, but this will not be
i known for certain until the autopsy is
i held to-day The man complained of
I pains in his abdomen before he lost con
i sciousness, so he may have been injured
Internally.
Two Games of Baseball.
SAN JOSE, March 20.— At Cyclers' Park
to-day the California Cycling Club of San
Francisco defeated the Turn Verein Cy
clers by a score of 15 to 6 at baseball.
At Santa Clara the California. Markets
and the college nine contested, the lat
ter winning by a score of 6 to L
A KNIFE IN
HER HEART
Nellie Bray, 111 With Con
sumption Ends Her
Own L,ife.
Despondent and Delirious
She Ended Her
Troubles.
Stabbed Herseslf in tho Breast While
She Was Weakened From
Sickness.
Nellie Bray, 23 years of age, living at
1790 Filbert street, committed suicide last
night by stabbing herself In the left
breast. The deceased attempted her life
early on Saturday morning, but she was
prevented t'rum carrying out her purpose
by her parents. She had been ill for
several months from consumption and an
ailment of the etomach. Her physicians
recently hatte been prescribing morphine
to ease her sufferings, and she took her
life while in delirium under the influ
ence of ih<? drug. Her father, Patrick
Bray, made an effort to prevent the girl
from takii:sc hf-r life, but he was too late
in reaching her side to stop her from
inflicting the wound that caused her
death. Sh.- died almost instantly. Dr.
Hubbell r. ported the death of the girl
to the Morgue, and he was of the opin
ion the blade of the weapon with which
she committed the deed had pierced her
heart.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 20.— Berkeley
"W. C. T. U. held memorial services thin
afternoon in honor of the late Miss Fran
ces E. Willard at the First Presbyterian
Chnrrh
I The Good Government Club of Berke-
I ley has passed resolutions indorsing: the
| issuing of $00,000 bonds for a new high
school building: for Berkeley. A special
I election on the question of issuing the
j bonds will he held next Saturday.
Rev. S. R. Yarrow of the First Con
i gregational ('hurch of Sausalito addressed
! the students' Bible class at the First
j Congregational Church of Berkeley this
j afternoon on "The Restoration: Ezra ana
r^ehemiah."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nn&DT Let WHISKY get the BEST
111 111 1 of you. GET the BEST of
UUII I WHISKY, which is the
GENUINE
M^fh \ DISTILLERY
"N W^m \ BOTTLING OP
t# OLD
Aft PEPPER
m ram.
/AfsONLYaW* f f JilUlV 1 .
*^lEjjjSai -Bi Bot;l8d and D ' stil " d
\ J****-*^^** CAUTION •*-.. I I
imB&Wti m8&Wt ; JAS. X PEPPER
-.f^^S^ffl.- & CO,,
l:'-^^^ ' / Lexington, Ky.
!v»^FCT!'lf J?" 1 : Under the same FOR-
■i — W'lVJtKffif ~ ». r r MULA for more than 100
4r!l S'lifjWrW "'"■''• | YEARS; is guaranteed
-• / :*-"": *-" " EzsrfaS V ■-' ABSOLUTELY the
'■ : I *®sir^» ' PUREST and BEST in
f^fei^^^l SAMPLE CASE $15
Sent on trial, which, i!
&s!!{jM_T#yre,fmZ^f" not satisfactory, can be
** ■ returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL &~CARROLL,
306 market Street,
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast. '
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
WILL HOLD A
CONVENTION
First Annual Gathering
of the Members of the
Truth Society.
Archbishop Riordan Will De
liver the Introductory
Address.
Lenten Exercises of the Calvarians.
League of tiie Cross
Rally.
The Catholic Truth Society of this city,
which was organized some months ago
by Father Yorke, will hold its first con
vention this evening at Metropolitan Tem
ple. It is the object of the members of
the society to organize annual conven
tions of this character which will be on
the same plan as the conventions held
annually by the Catholic Truth Society
of England, which ordinarily lasts several
days.
The convention which will be opened by
the society this evening will continue un
til to-moirow night, and will constitute
one session, while fhat to be held to
morrow evening will be the second or
concluding session. Archbishop Riordan
will formally open the convention and
will deliver the introductory address.
"The Necessity of Catholic Reading"
will be the subject of a paper to be read
by John Barrett and discussed by Father
ORyan. A paper on the "Apostolic Spirit
of the Laity" will be read by Rev. J. M.
Gleason of St. Rose's Church. Frank J.
Pierce will preside on Tuesday evening
and will deliver an address. Rev. C. L.
Powers will read a paper on the subject of
"How to Use Tracts," which will be dis
cussed by J. J. Lermen. E. W. McKin
stry will treat of the "Mental Attitude
of Non-Catholics Toward the Church."
and the subject will be discussed by Rev.
C. A. Ramm of St. Mary's Cathedral.
The fourth series of Lenten exercises of
the Calvarian Society were observed with
the usual solemnity at the cathedral yes
terday afternoon and was characterized
by the usual largp attendance. Rev.
J. J. Prendergast delivered an eloquent
and instructive address on the subject of
"Duty or Interest— lf Thou Re'ease This
Man Thou Art Not Caesar's Friend."
The musical programme was rendered
as follows: "Stabat Mater" and "Veni
Creator" (in English), by the congrega
tion; "O Jesu, Deus Magnus" (arranged),
male quartet; "Aye Verum" (Donizetti),
trio; "Pace Domine" (arranged), bass solo
and chorus; "Tantum Ergo" (Geibel),
chorus a capella; "Laudate Dominum"
(aranged), chnrus a capella.
At Washington Square Hall to-morrow
evening a rally by the St. Francis
branch of the League of the Cross will
be held for the purpose of competing for
the silver medal which Archbishop Rior
dan will award at the grand annual rally
for the best essay on the subject of tem
perance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TSTTTE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMAXITY
-"■ He who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your
health failing you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
RS rAI L c
4
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of an
NERVOUS, CHRONIC andSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women.
VniiUft MEM Unnatural drains caused
IUUIaU iWCIsi through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
UfCAEf ISiSil Organs of "the body which
ft &5V!\ InCill have be.en weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions art restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
DBSDTiifiE v " r< *'' "- v his ii<l ' w »"*thod,
IlUr I UllC without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
.If AniftftnCl C hydrocele, swelling and
VMV M I V U C &■ ■ tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. V. y ". :;
I aftf EC will receive special attention for all
S-piyilGsj their many ailments.
CONSULTATION FREE War
WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
W7 Market St, op. Grant At., San Francisco, Cnl.
4l%]4lnphfs
I*v NiHr S
Wi^BSffl rROM.THE EYES
'•:^OW is the NATURAL reading
i ■iliar^ DISTANCE NEARER or FURTHER
15 ABNORMAL and Heeds INVESTIGATION
CALL AMD SEE US
OPTICIANS T^togßA^/
-<o 642 Market St. cu«~
•!:Jnrr'/-MPriMiaESUILDIH6.
1,1 S 2 ti # BIS 'IE ©r*^Of il 3 3SB
■when " unwell," for pains, obstructions,
and irregularities peculiar to the sex. £,
Recommended by the leading- French :
I Specialists tor diseases of women : Supe-
! rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious
drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules
lasts three months. - Sold by all druggists,
or by mail, $i. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office.
§ Visit DR. JORDAN'S <*«•*
rij& Museum of Anatomy
I i*9ril ICSIiIAESETCT.Iet.eth4 7th, s - *• CiL
W S M The its kind in th- Wo»14-
trailft DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Consultation free. Writ* for Book , \
ti ! Philosophy of Marriage.
** w MAILED FREE. I
NOTARY PUBLIC.
a. J. Henry, notary public
f* O O MARKET BT.. OPP. PAUACH
1100 Hotel. Telepbona 670. Realdaoo* »M
J'aiencl* etreit. Ztl«plMo»« "Cburah" Us '
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^_ v ___ vvv _^ >
! LACE DEPARTMENT ! 9
I LACE DEPARTMENT ! |
• - - ■ SPRING 1898 - - - J
+ Will Exhibit the Coming Week Our Spring Importation of Novelties ?
+ in Lace Robes, Draping Nets, Altars, Bands and Laces. +
% ROBES- x i i
+ In Marquise and Craquele Lace, Black and Steel +
• Spangled Net, Braided Tosca Net, Chantilly and JJJ
• Applique Mousseline. #
• DRAPING NETS- • ,-J
% In Brussels, Tosca, Chantilly and Craquele. q I
© LACES, BANDS, INSERTIONS and ALLOVERS— £
i In Flanders, Venise, Point, Valenciennes, Chantilly, i
+ Braided, Marmot and d'Alencon. +
• Chiffon, Liberty, Mousseilne de Sole and Shirred +
+ Liberty In all the new shades. ®
+ NECKWEAR, FANS and VEILING. ?
+ SAMPLES SENT ON APPLICATION ®
• .... MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. ©
• Don't Fall to Visit our MILLINERY DEPARTMENT, where #
+ we are Showing the Very Latest PARISIAN CREATIONS. +
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, | "
+ SE. Cornen Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. -{-
• UNION SQUARE. •
c+•+^+^+^+^+•+^+^+Q+e+e+e+e^^e^^e+^+e^^»+o+o^^o^■t
Director or
Jdfil* v / ■^m^^^S^ljh, i ___ TRANSPORTATION-Continued.
C^^Pl^^R^ travelers to dawson
*^^BB^^ Ar^liSsll--' Vla DYEA anfi SKAGI'AT can arrange to
SB/SI \ s\^fnM ■ have their provisions sent via St. Michael
/''■//V iti^flH^ft an the Yukon River - by applying to
MT^SI ALASKA-YUKON
4 W^^^^P TRANSPORTATION CO,,
/j/]^^^^^^ ' 3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
11l 1v Vv 1*"""^^ BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
/// ji/« ~-^Z~" owing to lack of food; larger and just as rich
/'/ rlvt* as Klondike : produced about $5,000,000; lsoox
rlffJ^/J 10 ° feet; our new modern steamer, Alice
/ ''//■ Rix, stops there going to Dawson City; our
I' - • ■ . book free. Alaska TranspA-tation . Co.. 224
. .. — — '■ — — I Montgomery St.. opp. Russ Bouse.. ■
TRANSPORTATION. ___
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1898. Fare,
including 2500 pounds baggage or freight. $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE &
HOUGH CO.. 40 California St., San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, 201
Front St., San Francisco.
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGUAY.
For passage and freight apply to
UNION SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY. 21 Market street.
California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
62S Market St. .
Will dispatch their elegant new., ocean steamer
(now building), for Dawson * City, via St.
Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 150 pounds
baggage free.
Freight 10 cents per pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
tric lighted throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
to Dyea and Skaguay.
'.111 -jjfeffi '-r-
A lady living in one of the large brass manufacturing cities of
Connecticut, writes: "My ten-year-old daughter, Irene, has been
troubled with terrible sick headaches and spells of vomiting ever since
she was a little tot. Her father thought she would outgrow them, bat
she didn't. She did not chew her food enough, and what she threw
up seemed but half digested. Through the advice of a friend, I
began giving her
Ripans Tabules.
JL ML H^ *LAL> JL JL 4L-7 H <bv*iU &J? EWel bS yfey*|h_? m
She was benefited at once, and after a treatment of one week the
trouble teased, and she has not had a bad spell since."
Since writing this letter, the lady states that she has reduced the
dose to half a Tabule a day and the good effect still continues and she <fc
believes that the use of the Tabules may soon be wholly discontinued,
for her daughter appears now to be absolutely well.
ObATFMTc^ ! Weak Men and Women
\* '~Mni 'E*IMI O "> A.I ; CHOVLD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, 7THH
VS/o3nMflD kCT ctcV^S/ i<7 great Mexican Remedy; gives LeaiUi «n4
>-^33Q MARKET ST. S£^m^ 1 strength to th« sexual cx^, ;^^. _
MINING SUPPLIES.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS/
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET. \\
GAS ENGINES.
iiONISAS^GIINr^
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
St. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike. Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; SO boats can bo
seen at salesroom. G. W. KN.EASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
OAKLAND IN
ITS ELEMENT
Polities Hold Sway and
Party Fealty Is
Needed.
Value of Municipal League in
Its Effect on City Gov
ernment.
Republicanism for Office Only Is
the Cauae of Much
Scandal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 20.
fiverything in Oakland at this time is
subordinated to politics. Woodward has
had his day, Brosnahan ceases to inter
est, scandals sit the City Hall have been
so frequent that they are commonplace
and do longer shuck and even the bold
programme undertaken by the Grand
Jury is fast taking on an opera bouffe
air. But there is a State and a county
I close by it another
municipal election, so that there is al
most one year of active politics in sight,
and even Oakland is satisfied with the
prospect.
Something I wrote last week has called
forth a very comprehensive and intelli
gent communication from some one who
Is evidently a keen student of Oakland's
municipal politics. A large portion of the
letter is of public interest, but some of
the ideas expressed are not borne out
by experience. It states that with the
exception of the poolroom enactment,
which was shortlived, Oakland retained
the good name it had bo long held and
was a growing and prosperous city, until
the Municipal League came into exist
ence and elected Pardee Mayor and a re
form Council. The letter proceeds:
The Mayor, at the head of a mob, took forci
ble possession of private property, to which
they had no more title than you or 1 have to
Dr. Coyle's church. They then Interfered ..>y
ordinance •th the running of our local trains,
under the time table which had been JV-* years
In existence, and under which <.>r .-~ >"■'• it was
impossible to run their traU>-. 'with regularity
and which resulted fiaaHS) In depriving tho
people of East and nest Oakland of the privi
lege of free riding, which for all previous time
they had enjoyed, and which will never be re
covered. Then the water front suit was com
r.ience.l, which, besides tying up, indefinitely,
the water front, will cost, all told, the larger
jart of SIOO.COO. while, by the employment of
Bo:ne reliable firm of lawyers, at a coat oil not
over $10,000, and Intervening in the Davie suit,
nil tho points could have been raised and
brought 1 ■••:'. re our Supreme Court and a de
cision reached.
Next, more particularly to please Pardee.
the charter was amended and the police and
fire departments brought back Into ward pol
itics, the results of which we see In the scan
dals of the day.
At the bottom of most of our present trou
bles, and responsible for them, you will find
the solid saloon element, controlling 1000 or
more votes, and a very excellent (In some re
6pecta) Christian element, who will Insist
upon putting up third candidates, and then
allowing— as a sample — Fibush to be elected In
the Fifth Ward, instead of an excellent and re
liable man. Mr. Parcells. who comes of a reli
able Christian family. Had he not been defeat
ed by the ultra-Christian element, there would
have been no "Woodward in the Council, and no
water scandal and had not such excellent cit
izens of the Fourth Ward, George Gray, Mr.
Fish and others given Heltmann their votes In
convention we should have had no water war
and no rioting, arising therefrom.
The above is the nrst time I have heard
I— outside of Southern Pacific Com
- »rneys' arguments— that the
city had no more right to open Broadway
than has any individual to preempt Dr.
Coyle'a church. Such argument is tllly.
The abolishing of free riding has gener
ally been considered a good thing for
building up the ends of town and has cer
tainly led to the investment of millions
The water-front
are better than they were, for with
t^tle vested anywhere the future is as
sured, whereas for forty years nothing
( >uld b<> done !•• the dispute. The
amending of the charter wag certainly a
ackward, and 1 have frequently so
1 and exemplified. As to the votes
In convention that were cast for Heit
mann then me excuse, for Heit
mann hnd been behaving himself for four
years and no one knew he would return
to his old habits, and this disposes of all
the points, which could not have been
brought up at a more timely period.
Now, what is to be learned from these
lessons? The answer is simple. Any
one who remembers the method by which
the last so-called municipal Republican
convention was foisted upon the party
can see that the only remedy is for the
party to adhere to precedent and to elect
its own delegates at properly appointed
primaries. Frank Leach was the first
to detect the infamy of last spring and
it is an open secret that he and Dr.
je Tardee quarreled over the early
sof the plot— now successful— to give
ty into the hands of the water com
■ rdee was honest in the matter
and sincere, but results are the true crit
erion and everybody's eyes are now
opened. It is timely to ask the ques
tion are the Republicans now posing as
leaders, or holding offices, doing their
to preserve the party intact? In some
Instances, most assuredly not. The R«»
publican members of the Board of Works
may be loyal to themselves, but they are
not loyal to the party that elected them.
j t has j iied that the Police and
Fire departments were used last year in
the i:. Mr. Dow and against the
PoDUlist candidate, Mr. Plersol, who put
the beads i<t those departments in of
fice but if the denial be true, why have
ADVERTISEMENTS^^^
Daily
At the rising of the
sun,
A cup of Ghirar-
dellVs Cocoa,
And the day is well
begun.
the Mayor and the City Attorney slighted
the Republican party for over a y ea £
by refusing to acknowledge that there
are two men among all the hosts tnat
voted for McKinley capable of making
heads of department? It has been said
that the Mayor will not seek another po
litical office, and while this may oe
true' of him, it does not apply to Mr.
Dow, who has himself stated that he in
tends, if possible, to stay a few years m
political life. If the two men who are
running for the nomination of Governor
on their Republican records have as
much Influence In the party as is elaimeu
for them let them use it right at home
and show that their claims are well
The unification of the Republican party
in this city and the exercise of discreet
party discipline would prevent water
scandals and Jobbery In the departments.
Alameda has during the past few weeks
furnished a most remarkable example 01
the uncertainty of juries in criminal
trials. About a month ago a member or
one of Oakland's vicious gangs was on
trial for burglary. He was found guilty.
A few days ago another member of the
gang arrested under the same circum
stances and at the same time for a
charge Identically the same, was found
not guilty. The testimony in each case
was the same, the witnesses were the
same, the attorneys for the defense were
the Fame and only the verdicts differed.
Why?
Apparently Oakland cannot be anything
but funny, even in little things as well
as great. Its unwritten history surely
cannot be such that every time an indi
vidual breathes heavily some one consid
ers he is In danger of having his reputa
tion tarnished. This remark, however, is
not without cause and Is Justified by the
fear of certain individuals that their
doubtful acts may. appear In print. Once
every few days a tour is made of the
newspaper offices to "keep out" some
trifling circumstance that would never be
heard of but for the fear that follows it.
Not once in a hundred times has the cor
respondent heard of the silly event, and
not once in a thousand is there a story
in it. Yet the fearful clique never seem
to understand that they are simply mak
ing fools of themselves twice over, for
in these competitive times there is not
Influence enough in the county to prevent
the publication of a legitimate good story
once it gets into a newspaper office. Two
days ago the "suppression committee
went around and succeeded in arousing
a great deal of suspicion that would
otherwise never have nrlaen. What is
the meaning of this exhibition of fear
over trifles? Does the doctrine of mil
tual protection expjair^t?
LINCOLN GUN CLUB.
Opexiinf;,' Shoot of the Season at Ala
meda Junction — Interesting
Events.
ALA\CEDA, March 20.— The Lincoln
Gun Club held its opening Rhoot of the
season to-day at the grounds at Alnmeda
Junction. There was a .good attend
ance and great interest was phown in the
various matches. The weather was good
and tne scores were excellent for the be
ginning of the season.
The llr.«t match was for ten birds, ex
1" n rules, one man up, unknown traps
and known nngles. The scores were as
follo-nts; Beweart, 5; McMurchy (the
famous Syracuse, N. V., Oftack phot), 8;
Urr, I; Franzen, 7; Golcher, 8; Ward 1;
Dexel] 6; Sharp. 7; Forster, 4; Karrison,
10; In-ice, 9; Javote Jr., 4; Mitchell, 6;
Forsfer. 6 and Little 7. Kerrison was the
winner. . , . , ,
Clu4> ehoot, twenty-five birds for high
average, gold diamond mpdal and money,
to be decided at end of plxth shoot; $250
In cash, the two high men in each class
to take Jirst and second money alter
nately. The score for to-day was as
follows: Franzen, 21; Karrison, 20; Ja
vete, 19; Sharp. IB; Price, 17; Wenzel, 2:t;
Golcher, ii 2; Bruns, 22; Eugene Forster,
24- Edgar Forster, 21; Sherock. 13; Mn
guire. 14; Flickinger, 22; Vincent, 7; Be
keart, 22: Ward, 11; Karney, 20; Lewis, 1;
McMurchy, 23; Johnson, 14; Matterson, 19;
Mitchell 21' and Shackelton, 12.
Then came a ten-bird match with the
following score: Flickinger, 6; Franzen.
9; McMurchy, 10; Johnson, 5; Ward, 5;
Bekeart, S; Mitchell, 6; Javete, 8; Kerri
son, 9; Edgar Forster, S; Sherock, 6; Wal
ker. G; Walton. 2 and Mitchell. 8.
Amatfur practice at ten birds: Griffith,
4; Hinkel, 7; Ward, 3 and Shackelton, 4.
Another ten-bird match followed, low
man to pay for birds, Shackolton and
Griffith. $2 rfo bet on the side. Score: Hin
kel, 5; Shackelton, 8; Griffith, 2, Ward, 2
and Lewis, 1.
CAUSED BY A BROKEN THIGH.
Gee Lee Refused to Accept Dr. R. T.
Stratton's Treatment and
Is Dead.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, March 20.
Gee Lee, a Chinaman. 41 years of age,
who keeps a laundry on lower Broadway,
is in the morgue to-night, the result of
his faith in a Celestial surgeon. The Cor
oner will hold an inquest to-morrow, and
in the meantime every effort is being
made to ascertain the name of the phy
sician who treated the unfortunate man.
Lee was driving his wagon yesterday ,
afternoon, delivering washing in the
neighborhood of Fourth and Alice streets.
His horse became frightened in some
manner and ran away, throwing him out.
As a result of the fall Lee's thigh was
broken. He was picked up and taken to
the Receiving Hospital, which was only
three blocks frnm where the accident
happened. Dr. R. T. Stratton reduced
the fracture and placed splints upon it.
Ordinarily a man under such circum
stances would have remained in the hos
pital until after the reaction from the
accident.
Lee's friends removed him to the laun
dry and called a Chinese physician from
San Francisco. From the condition Lee
was found in to-day it appears that the
second physician undid all that Dr. Strat
ton had accomplished. The splint was
torn off and the thigh wrapped in bark
and silk bandages. His death occurred
this morning, and the Coroner declares
that the Chinaman is responsible. The
men in the laundry refuse to give the
physician's name, but it is believed it can
be ascertained In time to-morrow to have
him present at the inquest.
It is expected that he will be charged
with causing the death of Gee Lee.
Moffett Still Improving.
OAKLAND, March 20.— J. H. Moffett is
Improving fast, and it is expected that he
will soon be able to be removed to the
County Jail. The Coroner will hold an
inquest to-morrow evening on the re
mains of his wife, which had been post
poned In order to learn whether all of the
testimony would be necesary in the case.
Had Moffett died the circumstances would
not have been necessary for a verdict.
As it is, all details of the case must be
gone into.
A PICNIC IN A NORTH WIND.
Terpsichore and Bacchus Revel at the Initial Outing
of the Season at Shell Mound.
Old Boreas, fresh from his play in the ice-fields of the fro
zen North, in company with briny Neptune, struck the Shell
Mound picnic grounds yesterday afternoon and whistled
through the slats of the dance pavilion to the time of the mu
sic within. The first picnic of the season was on and the Mu
sicians' Society was responsible for It.
Pent up during the winter months, the picnickers were ready
for a npread. All the belles of all the various cliques, dressed
in their finery, were well attended by the gallant
knights of the slippery floor. Altogether, Jt was quite an ex
clusive affair, but the rank outsider now and then slipped in
to the discomfort of some and the amusement of others. The
son of a prominent tea merchant, in Prince Albert, silk tils
and patent leathers, with a lady of society on his arm, were
in It, but not of it. With the hauteur of the Statue of Liberty
he explained things to the young lady. The real element dis
played a frigid shoulder and a chilling glance to this infringe
ment of their Bacred rights and allowed no poaching.
The polico pronounced tho picnic "most orderly indeed."
But there -were a few who violated the proprieties of good be
havior and poured the white-foamed beverage down their
throats until a super-saturation caused an oozing out at the
pores. The alaHul ones' now and then became obstreperous, and
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, MOXDAY, MAKCH 21, 1899.
TO DISCUSS THE
VETO TO-NIGHT
The Solid Six Thinks
of Woodward for
President.
The Committees for Next Year
Will Not Have Any
Weight.
\
Henneberry Already Armed With
Another Typewritten Reso
lution.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 20.
To-morrow evening the City Council
will take up the Mayor's veto, but it is
not likely that the matter will arouse
much discussion. The committee has al
n ady decided to refer it back to the
Council without recommendation, but
Mr. Henneberry, of resolution fame, will
probably produce the little, typewritten
paper that he excitedly brought up at
the last meeting and wnich "resolves"
that the Mayor has nothing at all to do
With the matter, and that his veto be
laid on the table Indefinitely.
In a few days the Council will have to
elect a new president for the coming
year. This means that the personnel of
all the .standing committees will be
changed, as each president names his
own choice.
It is rumored that the solid six may
; decide to make "Woodward their choict.,
i and as there are but eleven votes they
can do as they please. Such an act would,
i of course, bo an insult to the commun
| ity, but suoh trifles cut no ilgure with
i men who play into the hands of the
j water companies.
The manner in which the "Water
Committte was treated, after its thorough
Investigation of the question, will com
pletely nullify any work that may be done
by any committee during the present
administration, for no committee 1b go
ing to dig Into any question and report
on it, only to be slighted, ignored and
voted down, and the «> »1 it 1 fix has shown
to what lengths it can »mcl will go.
City Attorney Dow will probably be
asked to pass on the question a's to
whether it be nece.«sury or not for the
Mayor \<> Fifni a water-rate ordinance,
I but if his opinion does not suit the six
Holtmann can be depended upon to state
j that he is better informed on law than
Mr. Dow, and the other live will fall in
line.
Mr. Henneberry has already given no
; tice that he Intends to quote the consti
tution of the State to support his con
| tention that it is impudence on the part
of the Mayor to Interfere with water
| rates.
SERIES OF SERVICES.
Memorial for Frances E. Willard.
Newspaper Artist in a Pulpit.
OAKLAND, March 20.— The State Chris
tian Alliance president, Rev. W. C. Ste
vens of Lob Angeles, opened a flve days'
meeting this afternuoon at 3 o'clock, i 1 < ■
spoke again at 7:30 to-night. There •will
be similar meetings until Thursday even
ing. These meetings are open to all, and
Christiana from the various churches are
Invited to bo present. They are unsecta
rian.
C. H. Yatman, the well-known evange
list, b«gan a series of revival meetings in
the First M. E. Church this evening that
will continue for some weeks. He will
also give Bible readings at 3:30 daily. Mr.
Yatman has just returned from an* evan
gelistic tour of the Huwaiiian Islands,
Australia, New Zealand, South Africa,
Ireland and Scotland. He w&a quite suc
cessful throughout, and will undoubtedly
have a large hearing here.
Rev. K. 1". Coyle of tne First Presbyte
rian Church spoke to a large audience
to-night upon "'Frances Willard, Ameri
ca's uncrowned Queen." It was in the
nature of a memorial sermon.
Rev, F. J. Alters, pastor of the Centen
nial Presbyterian Church, took for his
subject this morning, "Which Js the Sab
bath—Saturday or Sunday?" When
through his audience was well satisfied
that they were observing the right day.
"Do You Believe in Hell?" was the
theme of a stirring discourse preached to
night by the Rev. J. R. Knodell in the
Pilgrim Congregational Church, East
Oakland. He supported the aflirmatlve
of this question from the Scriptures.
Mrs. Isabel Wing Lake and Mips Dr.
Oeisel, superintendent and secretary re
spectively of the department of the res
cue work of the W. C. T. U. of Chicago.
addressed an interested audience at the
Seventh-day Adventist Church to-night.
"The Riot at Ephesus" was the theme
of Rev. C. R. Brown's sermon at the
First Congregational Church to-night. In
it he described his own visit to that an
cient city, and told of the sights he wit
nessed while there.
S. F. Langford of California College, a
well-known newspaper artist, occupied
the pulpit of the Twenty-third avenue
Baptist Church this evening. His dis
idiii se was interesting and instructive,
and listened to by a large and apprecia
tive audience.
WING WINS FROM WYMAN.
The Strong Wind and a Punctured
Tire Spoils a Day's Sport.
OAKLAND. March 20.— The five-mile
bicycle rare between J. E. Wing of tne
Olympics and Go^rere Wyman of the Re
liance Club at Elmhurst to-day resulted
in a victory for the former. At the start
Wyman took his position behind Wulc
and let his pacema.kers follow, so that if
he should be unable to hold the pace they
could pull him up again. The first mile
was ridden in 2:is 2-."). In the third lap of
the second mile Wing- shook Wyman. who
was picked up by Egan and Llnu but he
could not hold the pace, and was soon
caught by his clever opponent. In the
fourth mile Wyman punctured both tires
and retired, leaving Wing to ride it out
alone.
The time for the five miles— ll:3l 4-5—
was very good, considering- tho strong
wind with which they had to contend.
The baseball game was won by the
Olympic (.earn with a score of 9 to 4.
Next Sunday the second of the Acme-
Reliance team races takes place, and
should be a great race, as both teams
have trained hard for it.
personal ejectment was served upon them. One shock-headed
son of Bacchus was thrown out, but he left his hat Dehind.
Some one called him "Chapeau-nit," but he didn't respond to
the name. All the way home ho was singing "Just tell them
that you saw me and I left my lid behind; 1 will not go there
again until my hat I find." Some one gave him a greasy cap
on the boat, but he atill called out for his "lid." "They stole
me lid, and I'll sell this for six bits." was the refrain to his
songs and hla extemporaneous eloquence.
It was during the eighth waltz that an. International war
was threatened. Mr. Bijou, the officer of the day, blew his
whistle, and, with a wave of his mighty hand, cut the dance In
twain. Mounting the platform, in true forensic style, ha be
gan to shadow a number of prospective events. All went well
until ho reached the "Americus Club" prospectus. The club
with the patriotic appellation is not in high favor with the
musicians on account of the employment of non-union men, so
a storm began to rise Immediately upon the mention of its
name. All strife was avoided, however, by the magnanimity
of the musicians In the union and the generosity of the Amor
icus delegation, which was displayed by ordering much small
beer. The picnic continued until the cold wind petrified the
devotees of Terpsichore, and the chill that the setting sun left
surrounded the nicrrymakwa with an loy cloak.
NATIONAL
GUARD NOTES
Things That the Inspec
tion of the First Infan
try Developed.
Captain Carrlngton's Report
Was Something of a
Disappointment.
The Naval Militia— The Fifth Division
at Eureka Celebrates an Old
Time Day.
Owing to the absence from the city of I
the division commander, the division j
headquarters, bo far as news of the guard \
is concerned, was closed during the past
week.
Since last Monday the members of the
local companies have been Interested In
the Inspections that have been held at
the regimental armory by Brigade Inspec
tor Major Jansen and Captain Carring
ton, U. S. A., inspector and instructor' of
the' National Guard of the State of Cali
fornia. All the companies of the First
Infantry Regiment have been inspected j
except C and G, that are to go through
the ordeal to-night, and Company B, the
inspection of which has been courteously
postponed until some future date on ac
count of the absence from the city of the
commanding officer, Captain Qeorge Fil
mer. Of the nine companies inspected all
but Company H made a good numerical
showing. That company, commanded by
Captain Frank W. Warren, had nine ab
sentees at roll call on Wednesday night.
None of the' other companies had an ex
cess of three. Still the showing made by
Captain Warren's company was much
better than at the previous inspection.
Generally speaking all the companies
made a good showing, and in appearance
there was a decided improvement over ths
Inspection of the previous year. Their
service uniforms, though much the worse
for age and wear, showed that they had
been brushed up and made to look aa
well as they could under the circum
stances, and that they toad been put on
with the idea that the uniforms should
lit the men and not as in the past, the
men forced Into uniforms fit or no lit.
That tended much to improve the soldier
ly appearance of the men. The orders
required that the men at inspection
should wear the regulation tin cup, as
well as haversacks and canteens.
The inspection both by day, when the
property was examined, and by night.
When the men were examined, developed
the fact that thi armory, while a decid
ed improvement on anything In that line
previously had In this city, is not what
Is required for a twelve company, or even
eight company, regiment The company
rooms have not sufficient space to admit
of closet room in which to properly ar
range the uniforms. The drili room, whils
it is large, is so small that when, as tho
other evening, one of the companies was
called upon to drill in extended orders,
but one-half of the company could take
part in the movements, that is only thirty
men. It is v remarkable thing that tha
State expects that the men shall be sol
diery, but it fails to provide them with a
proper place, in the sha>s« of an armory,
in which they can learn the duties of a
soldier and the movements they are, by
the regulations, required to execute. Tha
inspection also disclosed the fact that
while the store room* provided for tho
eight companies in the regimental ar
mories are k<i>t neat and the property
therein apparenti. well, cared for, the
space allotted to iaeli company is much
too small. With more room the State
property could be better taken care of,
and at each inspection there would be less
property to condemn. The inspection, as
far as it has gone in this regiment, also
shows that there is a deficiency in over
coats and that the men are still armed
with a poor lot of rifles of the pattern
of 1573. Had the authorities been as ac
tive, as they ought to be, the guard at
this time would be armed with the mod
ern rifles, thousands of which are now
at the Benicia arsenal, and have been
there since the regulars were furnished
with the Krag-Jorgensen.-?. Recently,
Illinois and Nebraska made applications
for an exchange of the i>?:; rilles for the
members of the National Guard, and In a
few weeks they obtained them, because
the men at the head of the guard took
an active interest in its welfare.
This afternoon the cadet company of the
First Infantry will be inspected and to
morrow night the field and staff officers
will appear before the inspector. The
brigade orders say that the medical corps
will be inspected at the same time, but
that is a mistake, tor the inspection of
that branch of the service has been left
to the discretion of the surgeon-general
to name the time, and he has not yet fixed
it. Troop A and^the signal corps will
be Inspected on Wednesday.
The brigadier inspector, when he has
finished with the first regiment, will have
a number of recommendations to make.
As soon as he has finished the inspec
tions here, he will proceed to inspect the
companies of the First Regiment of In
fantry.
TUB NAVAI, MfI.TTTA.
At the election held last Monday at
Santa Cruz, and over which Lieutenant-
Commander Nerny, a (tins captain of
the militia, presided, resulted In the pro
motion of Carl E. Llndsey to the posi
tion of lieutenant, vice Morey, resigned,
.T. C. Doyle, lieutenant junior grande, vice
Llndsey, promoted, and Thomas Arm
strong, ensign.
The order of the Board of Harbor Com
missioners that the Marion shall cast
her moorings and go into the stream is
not relished by the members of the Naval
Militia stationed at this port. Lieutenant
(''unrnander T. A. Nerny, commanding the
miiitia during the absence of Captain
Turner, who is in Alaska, when informed
the other day of the action of the Har
bor < 'ommissioners, and asked what he
proposed to do about the matter, made
repfy in words that were as expressive
as the famous answer of Cambron on
the field of Waterloo, when told by an
English general that the guard must Bur
render. The ground for asking the re
moval is that there is a lack of wharf
room. Now the officers of the battalion
are at a loss to understand how there
can be a lack of room when there were
two berths empty for several days just
above the Marion. The matter will be
called to the attention of the Governor
and it is asserted that the Marlon will
not be moved until the order to do so
comes from the commandt-r-in-chief. The
vessel was recently completely wired at
considerable expense, so that there might
be electric lights on board.
For several weeks the men of the two
divisions have been drilling on board of
the vessel, and they are becoming quite
proficient In the work they are called
upon to perform.
Adjutant General Barrett recently paid
a surprise visit to the Marion for the pur
pose of ascertaining in what condition
the vessel is kept when an official or
semi-official visit is not expected. To his
great surprise he found everything in
first-class condition and there was not a
thing in the arrangements that called for
condemnation.
THE FIFTH DIVISION.
EUREKA, March 19.— 0n the loth of
March, 1579, Company A of the men
Tenth Infantry, N. G. C, was organized
at Eureka, Humboldt County, and was
assigned to the then Sixth Brigade. On
each 15th of March subsequent to the or
ganization Company A gave a grand ball,
and that was continued until 18i»5, when
on a reorganization of the National Guard
Company A was merged into the Fifth
Division of the naval militia stationed at
Eureka.
With the change the annual ball was
discontinued, but this year it was decided
to revive the memories of days gone by,
and the members of the division decided
to celebrate the 15th just for old time's
sake. On the evening of that day Ar
mory Hall presented a most beautiful and
interesting appearance.
Early In the evening the hall was filled
with people. The men of the division ap
peared in white uniforms, and for half
an hour went through the approved drill
of the naval militia. After a short inter
val at the conclusion of the drill a blank
cartridge was fired from tho one-pounder
by Chief Petty Officer Caldwell and al
most simultaneously the orchestra began
to play and the engagement was on.
About 100 couples appeared on the floor
and dancing began.
The Fifth Division is under the com
mand of Lieut, nant C. V. Otto, who is
ably supported by Lieutenant Smith and
Ensigns McLaughlin and Barnum. The
division is quite ready for service, having
recently received from the Government
seventy new Leo magazine rifles., the re
quired" belts, pistols and other equip
ments, and a rapid-fire one-pounder
Hotehklss. They are "xpecting at any
time to receive from the Government new
uniforms— the regulation blue of the
United States naval militia. This divi
sion under its careful and painstaking
commander and officers has reached a
high degree of efficiency; and since the
late crisis both officers and seamen are
taking an unusual Interest In their work.
Si Perkins at the Oakland.
OAKLAND, March 20.— The William
Bremer Company will present Joshua
Whiteombs New England drama, 4< Si
Perkins," this week at the Oakland. The
Pughtown band will be one of the attrac
tions, besides numerous specialties.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at itatlon Indicr.ie maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word '"high" means high
barometric pressure and' is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
frobable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In cummer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce as
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 20, 5 p. ,m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season: . ■''..•
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 25. 07 43.07
Red Bluff 0 12. 22.71 ,
.Sacramento 0 • 8.56 15.81
San Francisco 0 7.62 20.86
San Francisco 0 1.52 80.
Fresno • 0 3.71 9.97
San Luis Oblspo 0 5.45 20.11
Los Angeles 0 5.02 16.43
San Diego 0 3.MJ 11.60
Yuma 0 1.60 5.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
54: minimum, 43; mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly over North
ern Montana and Asslnnaboia. It has fallen
rapidly over Utah and Nevada. An area of
high pressure lies off the v coasf- of Northern
California. A second high area overlies North
ern Montana: from Utah to Washington there
utretches a trough of low pressure. Should the
low pressure over Utah and Nevada movt
6outhwestward and be followed by the nigh
a cold wave of some severity will be the re
sult In Utah, Arizona, Nevada and Southeast
ern California. It will probably move east
ward, however.
The temperature has fallen about 30 decrees
in Northern Montana, On the Pacific Slope
it has remained nearly stationary.
Frosts are reported this morning through
out Caiiiornla and are likely to occur again
Monday morning.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 34 miles per hour from
the northwest; Portland. SO west; Carson City,
*2 west; Winnemucca, S2 west; Walla Walla,
Forecast made nt San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 21, IS9S:
Northern California— Unsettled weather Mon
day probably showers in northern portion;
southerly winds in the valleys; fresh north
westerly winds on the coast; heavy frosts In
"'southern California— Monday, with
frost in the morning; fresh westerly wind.
Nevada— Unsettled weather, with rain In th»
northern portion Monday; colder north.
Utah— Cloudy and unsettled weather Monday,
probably snow; colder. ; : ;v : ; -
Arizona- Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Unsettled
weather Monday: fresh southwesterly wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — Clear; wind
northwest. 48 miles: temperature. 39: maximum
temperature. 47. ALEXANDER McADIE,
lemy Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL C -EN'DAfI.
March. 1898.
Mo
We
2
Th.
8
| Moon's Phases.
Full Moon.
Mara
4
11 i
7
10
17
| IT
13
19 I
i^fa-Last Quarter
iv& Mar. U.
; v*«v New Moon,
i W Mar. 22.
1*
IT
23
■JL
E
80
13
25.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograpblc
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
lnc directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
rranh Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon, 120 th kierldian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. <"*al.
A notice stating whether the time ball was !
1 dropped on time or givinsr the error, If any, Is
j published the same day by the afternoon
! papers, and by the morning papers the follow
j Ing day. ' W. B. HUGHES.
j Lieutenant. V. P. N.. In charge.
STEAMEUS TO ARRIVE.
Mackinaw |T.icoma
Valencia Alaska
Common* ! Portland
Bristol I Departure Bay
Beliric China and Japan
S.-uiM Kosa iSan Dlesro
Colon I Pnnania
City Puebia.. . I Victoria, and Puget SounJ
Crescent City., i Crescent Ciw
Coos Bay ! Newport
State ot Cai | Portland
Homer Humboillt
Willamette.... Seattle
Wellington Deuartnre Bay
Areata Coos Bay !
Pomona. San Ineeo !
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria and Pusret Sna.. .
Mar 21 j
Mar 23
Mar I
Mr.r 23
Mar ■-•:(
Mar T.i
Mar 24
liar 21
Mar 2j
Mar 25
Mar 25
1 Mar 2 i
i Mar 20
Mar 23
STKAMERS TO SAIL.
Bteamer. j Destination"
I Destination! Sails. | Pier. •
Alaska Mar 21. i PMI Pier 2
Humbolat.... Mar 21.10 am Pier 9
Humboldt .... Mar 22. 9am
i Humbldt Bay. I Mar 22. «.» am Pier 13
i Vie & Snd i Mar 22.10 am j Pier a
Portlana Mar 22.10 am Pier 81
China&Japan. Mar 23. l pm PM SS
Australia -Mar 23. 2 I'M Pier 7
Hiimboldt.... Mar 28. DAM Pier 2
I San Dle^o Mar 24.11 am Pier 11
I Alaska Mar 25. 2pm
Newport Mar 20. 9 ami Pier 11
P0rt1and....... Mar M, 10 am Pier 0*
: Vie & Pjri Sna | Mar 27. 10 am j I'ior »
i Panama . .. Mar 28. 19 m:PM SS
mri-_'O ,
Homer
Samoa
Weeott I
Umatilla .. j
Columbia..
China i
M >i;ina
North Pork
Sant:i Rosa I
Valencia...!
Cooa Bay..
State of Cal
City Puebla :
Colon i
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hish and low waters occur at
i the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minut<-s later than at Fort Point:
the height ol tide [a ttu aama at botli places.
MARCH- lalS.
Holiday. March 21.
; Sunrises ■ 6:11
I Sun sets 6:2:1
, Moon rises 5:2 i
: | Feet Tlme Fi>pt
I H Wi
i Fretilin 1 Feet
I v wl
•it 4 rat 1
22 6:10
23 5:59
H W
24 0:1:-
26 ! 0:45
20 1:15
I
1.4 li»:48
1.(1 11:83
O.pj 12:2 <
|L Wi
6.4 1 6:37
5.2 7:22
5.0 8:11
5.4 t-SSI
6.2 5:27
5 0 s:&y
IH W
0.4 [ 1:20
0.4 3:14
0.4 1 o:lo
LI
1.6
117171
11:4"
L W
6:31
7:(ll
1 7:34!
M
I
2.1
2.9
! 8.0
<!2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of. the
I day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
I second time column piv*-s the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
| last tjde of the day, except when there are but
I three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
j given are additions to the soundings on the
I'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sipn (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plan of
reference is the mean of the lower low water.
SHIPI'I\G INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
.Sunday, March 20.
Ptmr Bonita, Nlcolson. 81 hours from New
ji'.rt. etc,
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, S5 hours from
Ventura.
Aus strar Burma, Mikullcich, 86 hours from
Nanaimo.
Ptmr Coquille River, Johnson, 18 hours frm
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 13 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 21V4 hours . from
Eureka.
Stmr 'Weeott, Miller, 3S hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 16 hours from Mosi
Landing.
Ship Santa Clara, Llndberg, 6 days 12 hours
from Departure Hay, ,
Schr Monterey, Beck. 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 15 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega." '
Sunday, March 20.
Ptmr Wept port, Hansen.
Ptmr ClP<np, Walvig. Albion.
Stmr Arcatn, Reed, Coos Bay.
Ptmr Pnnvna, Dehney, San Diepo.
Bark Helen W Almy, Hogan, Prince Wil
liam Sound.
Bktn Eureka, Paulsen, Tecoma,
Schr Beulah, Mitchell, Seattle.
Schr Barbara Hernstnr. Jensen, Fort Bragg.
Echr Alcalde, Weitkanat, Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Mayflower, Olson, Oxjullle River.
Schr Maggie C Rues, Carlsen. Astoria.
Schr John A, Hellquist, Eureka,
RETrRKEP.
Sunday, March 20.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, hence to-day for Co
quille River, returned on account of strong
N\V winds.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Mar 2<i, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity ."2 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Santa Cruz— Mar 20— Off Pig-eon Point,
F.r bark, with fore and main topgallant masts
gone.
Per ship Santa Clara — »1 20 N 123 W. a boat
belonging to the Br sealing schr Weddetta;
reports the catch of 70 skins.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 20— Br ship Allon
by. from Victoria; stinr Hueneme, from Dyea.
Sailed Mar 20— Ptmr E-xeelsior.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Mar 20— Str
Mineola, from Comox.
Sailed Mar 20— Schr F 8 Redfield, for Ta
coma.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Mar 18— Schr Sadie, for
X"ini"iua.
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar 20— Stmr Btate of
California, hence Mar 18.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Mar 20— Schr Bender
Brothers, li^nce Mar 17.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Mar 20— Schr Nettie
Sundliorg, hence Mar 11.
CASPAR— Arrived Mar 20— Schr Maxim, ho
Mar 13.
Sailed Mar 20 — Stmr Jewel, for San Pedro.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Mar 20— II B M stmr
Pheasant.
TRANS-A~LANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 20— Stmr Rotter
dam, for Rotterdam.
O.UEENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar 20— Stmr Um
bria, from Liverpool for New York.
DARDANELLES— Passed Mar V>— Stmr Al
lcr from New* York (on a cruise).
BEACKY HEAD— Pasx i liar : -Stmr Fried
rich der Grosse, from Bremen for New York.
LIZARD— Pas-sM Mar 20— Stmr Nordland.fm
Antwerp fur New York.
•^^ Dr. Gil)l)on's Dispensary,
A «*«s*J^ 025 KEAKKTY !*T. Established
flnP« in 1854 for the treatment of Private
§Dr.Gibl)on's Dispensary, j
(S2SKEABXTNT. KstAbllshed j
in 1854 for the treatment of Private |
Diseiiscs, Lost Manhood. Debility or j
disease waring on bodyand mind and I
*^«WfW»"'lJß4j Skin D!« Pases. Thedoctorc-nreswhen
&!'^ s Ss3sK!9i others fall. Try him. Charges low.
s*fe£S2Xs£a3 <."nt > e»Er««nrnnt«*«>il. Callorwrite.
Mr. J. F. UiDBOX, Hex 1957, 5 an FranciECO.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
E iiiihihmii riT CALIFORNIA
l^^mfl^P^w'i LIMITED.
H^sf^pii SAN FRANCISCO
jj«yaJgl&Sgßj| CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries flrst-class passengers only, but with- !
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
S% days to Chicago, 4V6 days to New York.
THE' ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Fe-ry San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
IVO Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 .West
Santa Clara street. . ' .
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
'From September 10.- 1897. trains will ma «■
follows: . - : ' '• •- " ' ' '■
southbound. . ] | Northbound,
~*™»F~ g££y StaUona.| . >£»* | lW
Dally.. Exc'p'td — Exc'p'td Dally.
7 -20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:43 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
fi:loa.m. 12:50 p.m. ; Merced 12:50 p.m. - 3:53 p.m. ;
10:40 a.m. 8:50 p.m. Fresno J:Wa.m. 2:20 p.m
11:11) a.m.' 5:20 p.m. Hanfori . :45 a.m. 1:15 p.ni
12:15 p.m. C:la p.m. Visalta 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p. in .
Stopping at intermediate points wnea require!
" Connections — At atcckton with steamboats of
C. N. &- I. Co.. leaving San • Francisco and
Btcckton at 6 p. m. dally; at - Merced - with
stages to and from Snellings, Coultervtlle, etc.
also with stage ! for , Hornitos, . Marlposa, . etc. ;
at LankersJilm with stage to and from Madera.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE !
SURREYS, BUGGIES, WAGONS, CARTS,
HARNESS, ETC.,
At our "salesrooms, 222 MISSION STREET.
SATURDAY, March 26, at 11 a. m.
We are instructed by the manufacturers to
sell the entire consignments, consisting of 100
Buggies, Carriages, Spring Wagons, Carts,
Harness, etc. Two carloads Just received.
These vehicles are of the best workmanship,
latest styles, nicely painted and trimmed ana
the choicest stock that has been offered at
auction in this city. ,
Be sure to attend, for it will be a day or
great bargains.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit.
ALLISON. XEFF & CO.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.
Hardware merchants and dealers In cutlery
and paints, please take notice that on March
■ 29, at 11 a. m.. on the premises, 1011 Broad wry,
Oakland. I will sell at public auction the en-
tire stock of hardware, cutlery, paint and fix-
tures. This stock is new and well selected.
, Mi. Cashmore is going to the Klondike imme-
diately. Stock will he sold as a whole without
reserve or limit; sale positive.
M. GERMAIN. Auctioneer.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL. » A
-■ .-. .-..-i -. . ______■._.,_■■,-■■.. . . ...^
■ BOITHI.KN I'AVIFIC COJIPAItT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* Ifiitc nurture due to nrrl»« •»
SAN FUAN«IN«O.
*- (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) ■
tEAVB — From Jasuary 1, 18?8. — Aiain
.^MfloOa Niles. S;>n Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a
7:00 a. Henicia. Suisun end Sacramento 10:4oa
7:OOa Marysville, OroTille and Redding Tia
Woodland srl?pr 1? p
7:00 a VacaTillo and Rniusey 8:40?
7:»Oa Martinez, Sau Ramon. Vollejo. Napa, - _ .
Calistoga and SanU Rosa 4»:l»p
B>ooa Atlantic KiyiMU, Ugilen and liast.. »:45f
biUOa Kilos, San .lose, .Stoclttou, lone,
Sacramento, Mavysville, Chico,
Tohamaandße.Ulliifr 4il»p
«Bi3oa Peters, Milton and Oakdate "7ilB»
»iOoa New Orleans Kxpreaa, Merced, Ray-
moud, Fresno, l'.akeralieiil, Santa
l!;t!'l<ara, los Angules, DeininK,
El l'aso, New Orleans and Kas*. Ci4J»f
9:00 a VaUejo. Martinez, Merced aDd
Fresno 18«15p
•I :00p Sacramento Uirer Steamers •» too p
1 :OOr NUes. San Jcso aud Way Sutiona.. JO:I3a
IsSOp Martinez and Way SUtions 7:-13P
2:OOp LiTennore, Mendota, Uanford and
Viaalia 451»7
liTeraore, San Jo»e, Nilei»nd „!"•■-
Station* JlOslSi
4>Bop Mnrtine^, Ban Ramcu, VaUejo,
Napa, Calistoga, i:i Vcroiio aud
Santaßosa v»l»A
4i—r Beuicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
v- Knights Landing, Marysiille, Oro-
v villo and .Sacra men to I»:4«A
4i9Or Nile*, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7*15»
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bcrenda,
Fresno, Mi javo (for Randsburc),
Santa liarljara and Urn Angeles.. 7i4OA
4s*Ov Santa 3%. Jtciite, Atlantic Impress
for Mojnvo ami Hast 0:43p
*t[StBor " Sunset Limited." Los Angela*. El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, 81.
Louis, Chicago and East JI«:1Ba,
ITSV.3OF " Sunset Limiied Annex." El Paso,
New Orleans and East 810:15 a
6tO»r Kiiropeiiu Mall, O en and Ha»t 9:4»A
OiOOp HuyivurtV Nilts and ricu J05e...... • i *s*
l»:OOi- Vallejo 17:40p
SiOOy Oregon KnuMW.ftumiiKiiitn. Marys-
• ' ville, Iteildi'lb'. Portland, Puget
HiHind and l-:a»t 8:19 a
" SAN LEA.NIUIO AMP lIAVWAIHIS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) . _^
S:00A Melrose, Seminary Park, «*» : !^
lO.'ooa Fltdiburff, Klmliurst, ulis*
I :ooa San Leandro, South Sam. l T'\- e
J " .°.?. i ! leandro, Estadillo, jaji^
<lt:6or Lorenzo, Chern, 1 t V I ,- T
as »* i tos-SOP
5:00P «n d ! «:J»P
s:a«p n-rtr-rdv I ™*l
8:00p i-Rot,i -Rot, through to NU«i. ' \V.I&Z
niiagp^ FromNiles - • ittSfeS;
COAST IHVIMON (Narrow Oauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Sul»ANewark,Coiitervill<<,Kuu.loBe,Feltpn,
Uoulder Creek, Hr.nta Cruz and Way
1 . ■■ Stations •*■••
••tlSp Newark, Centorvllle, San Jose New
Alinaden, Fclton, Uoulder Creek. <
W : Santa Cms ami Principal Way
Stations " 1 S I 5;"
4il!*r Newark, Man .li>«<i and Los Gates ... 8«80a.
tllt43p Hunters' Excursion, SaD Jose and
Way Stations t7:Bop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN mSCISCO-roct of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•716 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 t3:0»
■ •1:00 15:00 •6:00 p.m.
from OAKUSD— root of Bro»d*»y.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tlS:OO '1:00 J3:00 '3:00 t<*oo "3:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange).
• (Third and To^yr.^o!ld Sts.) . f
«:55a San Joko ami Wny .Stations (New
Alraadcn Wednesdays only) Bi»3A
0:OOa Nan :li*'), Trcs l'iiios, Muiita Cruz,
I'ucilic Grove. I'aso llnbles, ban
I,iiis Oliisyo, Uuadalupr, Surf and
l'riiieiiial Way SUtloiia .I 11 ?" 1
IO:4Oa Saii.losunml Way stations "I*!'?*
Sl:3Ua San J<se and Way Stations 8:33*
•»:30r San Mat'<>. Heil*rood, .Meulo Park,
Santa Clara, .San .lose, Gilroy.
Hollister, SanU Oni!:, Salinas,
Jlouterey ami l'acilio (iroTe »IO:4OA
•»:15p Sail Jose ami Principal Way Stations *O:OOa
•4:131- Ban Jose and Principal Wuy .Stations 9:45*
•SiOOf San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1:30*
S:3oi> Sun Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:30r
«:«Oi' San Jose ami Way Stations 7:* Of
}ll:45[» Ban Jo»ean.l Way Stations <*aor
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• oxcepted. J Sundays only. * Saturdays only.
V, Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only-
7 Mondays and Thursdays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibupoo Ferry, Foot or Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 12:*.
8:30, 6:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— trtj»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:»t
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYB-«:00. 9:30, U:00 a. m.; 1:10. I.H.
• 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.S
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:25 9f40. IU:10I U:10 a. { m.: I:4* I:4*
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. I:4*.
6- 00 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and ScauetMn Park
came schedule as above. |
"teTfeg&ie* W .ganFr^sca
I San Francisco. San Franelsaa.
!"^ g Dee^Uon g
7 :Soa.m.|8 :00a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m.) 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. iq:2oa,m.
b:l(jp.m. 15 :0ilp.m. Santa Rosa. ' :35p.m. ; b:.C'p.in.
! Fulton, „ -
-•30a.m. Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
Lvtton.
Gfyeervllle, '
7:Sop.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
i lllopland aud |
7 :30a.m. 1 3 00a.m.! Uklah. 1 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. ] ' 1 10:25 a.m.
B:ooa.m. ' Guerneville ! 7:Ssp.m.
S:3)p.m.J i L 6:22 p.m.
; :Soa.m. B :Uoa.m. I Sonoma 110:40 a.m.] t):4Ua.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
7lK)a.m.]B:oOa.m.) c= ebastODoL |10: - 4Oa.m.]10:25a.m.
3 :30 p.m. 15 :00p.m. 1 " eoa3tr P Ol - | 7:30p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
' Springs ; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
1 Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
i Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
; Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
I Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Pomp. Potter
1 Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*s, Buck*
nells Fanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Boonyllte.
Sir's Hot Springs. Mendoctno City. Fort
Bragg Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«- .
< On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronlela
* A. d wf 'FOSTER. P- X. RYAN.
Pres. and Oen. Maaagar. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing Septembar
19, 1897.
.;/."•• WEEK DAYS. W>V^:
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •5:59,
11:30 a. m. ; "1:45. 3:45, •b.IS, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael .on Monday*.
- Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
, SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo. »10:OOU
•11:30 a. m. : *1:15, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:15 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. in. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
.: Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
: . (Via Sausalito Kerry;.
Leave - San - Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13, 1897: .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. 11.
; THOH. COOK & SON, Agent*. «1 MarkM
street. San Francisco. .. ~
78
THE DAY IN THE CHURCHES.
Ignorance and Knowledge.
"I Am the Way. the Truth and the Life"
•was the subject of the address given by Rev
William Rader at the Third Congregational
Church yesterday morning.
"The words of the text." he said, are a defi
nition of education. It comprehends the ap
preciation and right use of ourselves. The
ship may be drawn out of the forest trees
but it must also be mastered and kept in its
path Jesus gives a right method, a right
truth and a right life. If one Is Ignorant of
these he la not educated.
••We are kept in ienorance because we
Ftifle inquiry; resist new truth: worship an
tiquity, not progress, and because we follow
the false dictum that •where ignorance Is
bliss 'tis folly to be wise. 1 China is an Illus
tration of resisted know-edge. It may be an
Impertinence to opp ■ pagan i .-ions, but It
i" worthy of the highest ambition to Impart
the doctrine of a right method of life, a right
truth of life and a right Christ line of char-
"One of our San Francisco papers has chal
lenged the right of missionaries to go abroad
■with their message. I attribute this to a mis
understanding-of the message of the mission
ary, which is not to tear down a faith or de
stroy a heathen Bible, but to introduce these
three principles of a real civilization— right
method, the right truth and a right life. Uni
versities and schools which do not Impart this
knowledge are failures. Education is not an
end. but a means to a moral end.
•'Jesus was the best educated man, not as
Bpencer or Plato or Aristotle, but In the ele
ment? of true power. Ills was the education
of wisdom. The reason, the Bible, the church
«.nd the spirit are among the instrumentalities
leading us to a right philosophy of life. The
more knowledge a man has of this life the
more capacity he may have to enjoy the other
life. The Bible naturally leads to th*J ideal of
my text. It Is a lantern to guide, not a shot
eun to controvert. When we make rifles of
lamps we do violence to the Bible. The church
IB! here to teach these three things: How to
behave how to think, how to be. The Holy
Spirit Is a guide to these truths. The spirit
does not give one brains. A man Insult Ood
when he says the spirit gives him something
to say as by magic. The spirit brings things
to our remembrance. Jesus Christ is the seat
of authority. He said. 'I am the living Illus
tration of how you should behave, of what you
should think and of the life you should live
The revelation of this idea has cost blood and
sacrifice. Our Anglo-Saxon civilization is in
that utterance: and we have not yet worked It
out in all its perfection."
Progress of the City.
"I hope that if In a thousand years a Jew
rrmes into your presence to attempt to solve
the problem of th» progress of civic Rovern
ment—l hope he m;iv do better than I am able.
to do to-nieht." This WAS the clima-v that
Kabbl Voor«ang-er reached in his lecture on
the City" before the oon
jrrepn.ti.in i.f the Second Unitarian Church last
The address consisted ol a discussion
of the existing evils of the municipality and
a well-defined i'a.rallei between tfce corrup
■ the Greeks and Romans and of the
,• to-day. He Bpoke of the women of
111 fame who lay in wait for the young men
,-•■ th- city with their bestial Invitations to
It Bin and contrasted them with the
■an women who in ancient times in
fested the groves built expressly for them in
the ancient city. .
•What have you to pay about Parisian vo
latility and the corruption of the Greeks and
Romans." he raid, "when in your midst are
,1b of iniquity that yearn for your chil
dren who are almost nurtured on the poison
GRAPPLES WITH
TWO BURGLARS
E. J. Croly of Sacramento Re
ceives Probably Fatal
Wounds.
Shot Twice by One of a Pair of
Thieves Who Tried to Loot
His House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 20. — Ex-
Street Commissioner E. J. Croly, who
lives on the corner of Twelfth and P
Btreets, was shot and probably fatally
wounded to-night by one of two burg
lars who were attempting to rob his
house. The shooting occurred at about
9 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Croly and their servant
girl had retired for the night and the
house was dark. The supposition is
that the burglars took it for granted
the family was not at home. Mr. Croly
heard voices in the house and got out
of bed to investigate. On opening the ,
door of his room, which is in the up
per story of a small cottage, he en
countered the two men. One of them
had Just lighted a match, and they
were evidently just about to enter
Croly's bedroom. Though unarmed,
Croly grappled with the nearest burg- j
lar and struck him several blows with
his fist. The burglars started to get
away, but Croly, though 60 years of
age, followed and continued to assault
the one nearest to him.
The burglar then drew a pistol and
fired two shots at Croly. Both took
effect, one in his left and the other in j
his right breast, both well up near the j
collar-bone. Croly fell in the hallway j
and the men escaped. Chief of Police j
Dwyer, several officers and a doctor j
goon arrived, and while the latter at- j
tended the wounded man the police
searched the premises, but the burglars
had of course got away. It was found
that one of the bullets had cut an ar
tery and Mr. Croly sank rapidly. He
was cool, however, and gave the offi
cers a fair description of the burglars.
« >ne was a man about five feet eight i
Inches tall, with a dark mustache and
well dressed. The other was a short,
h'-avy man, whose features he was not j
able to see plainly.
It is thought that Croly cannot live, i
Only a few weeks ago his former part- i
ner. Silas Carle, died. They were prom- !
inent contractors and had erected many :
county and other public buildings in
the State, including the Fresno Court
house. They also built the great
ninety-mile flume that supplies San |
Diego with water.
ASTRONOMER PERRINE
FINDS ANOTHER COMET.
Wanderer of the Skies Seen Through I
the Big Telescope at Lick
Observatoy.
SAN JOSE, March 20.— second com
et of the year 1898 was discovered at the
Lick Observatory this morning at about
4:30 o'clock by C. D. I'errine. It is situat
ed in the western portion of the constel
lation Pegasus, south of the star lota. Its
position at 53 minutes 50 seconds. Green
wich mean time, was right ascension 21
hours IS minutes 36.89, and its declination ;
north 16 degrees 43 minutes 23.3 seconds.
It is moving north one degree per day
and east nearly four minutes of time.
The comet is as bright as a star of the
seventh magnitude, and can be seen with
a very small telescope. The bead is
round and about two minutes of an arc
in diameter, with a bright central con
densation 10 seconds in diameter. This
nucleus Is not stellar, but has a granu
lated appearance. A tall about one de
gree long extends away from the sun.
As soon as two more observations can
be secured its orbit will be calculated at
the Lick Observatory. Until this is done
little can be said of Its - future move
ments. The last six cornets have been
consecutively discovered at the Lick Ob
eervatory by Assistant Astronomer C. D.
Perrine,
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES.
Shamrock and Orpheuin Lass Victors
in the Stakes.
LOS ANGELES, March 20.— The cours
ing at Agricultural Park to-day was at
tended by the usual large crowd. There
•were two separate stakes— a twenty-four
dog consolation and an eight-dog crack
s-Jack- The race between Prince Hook
ous and mephltlc atmosphere of filth which
surrounds them? How can you speak of
progression when crimes of this character are
permitted by you to exist In your city? The
modern mind reverts to the ancient Roman ,
arena, where men fought to murder each other
and Bloat over the death of an adversary, but ;
you do not consider that In your very midst
the same thing is going on. If Paul of Tar- ,
t*us could but have looked forward to li>9S to
a place called Woodwards Gardens, where
men fight, maim and mangle their fellow- |
men with as much ferocity as did the gladi- I
ators of his time, with a crowd of inhuman j
beasts at the ringside gloating over and be- !
coming frenzied at the sisht of blood, he
would see but little if any difference between
the old civilization and the new. When su-h
things are allowed to exist in a civilized ;
community can we justly speak of progres
sion?
"The greatest danger to city progression.
however, is the woman of that type of_ whom
Solomon speaks aa the scarlet woman.'
Heredity and Morality.
"Heredity and Morality." or the Influence of
heredity on morality, was the subject which
the Rev. B. Calzia, S. J.. chose for his lecture
at St. iKiiatius church last evening. The ad
dress in substance wa.' as follows:
There is a law in nature by which all beings
endowed With life tend to repeat themselves
In their descendants. This tendency is what
Is called heredity. The .question is whether
heredity has any influence ..n morality or
whether moral qualities are transmitted from
parent to child. Materialistic philosophers
claim tiNit moral qualities virtues .t rices
•ire transmitted like physical external or in
ternal qualities. Such a doctrine cannot stand
In th.- light oi reasi n, for these moral quali
ties are spiritual and reside in the will, which
is a faculty nf the soul. Reason teaches that
thy soul, being a spiritual substance, cannot
come Into existence by generation; but only
by creation !n the very Instant In which the
body is ready for its reception. Consequently
the o.ualiti«s nr virtues ana vices cannot be
'transmitted by generation. The child, there
f re, does not enter the world as some main
tain a criminal or a saint He enters the
world with organic dispositions favorable lor
tl ■■ unfi Iding of the germs of virtue or the
tendencies of vices. The development of these
germs is the result of education.
For Three Great Purposes.
Dr. Charles Edward Locke at Central Meth
odist Church last evening delivered a ser
mon on "What Can a Wowan Do? or Prac
tical Lessons From the Remarkable Career I
of Frances Willard. His text was psalm '
6S, verse 2: "The Lord glveth the word; the j
women that publish the tidings are a great ;
hoot."
•'God has given to woman her own unique |
place in the world," said the speaker. "Emer
son said •Civilization is a good woman,' and
Napoleon declared that what France most j
needed was a aeration of mothers.
"Frances Willard's life stands for at leapt
three treat purposes— the destruction of the ;
liquor traffic, woman's suffrage and social
purity. Almost the last public act of her life
was the writing of a letter to the authorities
of Yale College protesting against certain |
loose customs concerning the use of strong
drink in the gTeat educational center. She fa
vored woman's suffrage because she believed
that woman, bearing her share of the burdens
of taxation, should be entitled to all of the
rights of citizenship, and because she thought
woman's vote a necessity in overthrowing the
drink cause, and was she not right?" In :
conclusion he said: "Christianity has made i
woman,- and I believe woman will save Chris- I
tianity from its foes."
er, the running horse, and a tandem bike,
ridden by Fritz Lacy and \V. R. Palmer.
was won by the thoroughbred. It was at
five miles, with a handicap of a half-mile
for the bicycle. Prince Hooker ran in
10:66. The bicycle was left nearly an
eifrhth of a mile behind.
Tin- run-offs for the consolation stakes
resulted as follows:
Grace H beat Monday Evening: Dan C beat
White Chief: Sharkey t>eat Business B; Lucky
Jack heat Palo Alto; Joe In-at Skyball; Sailor
Boy beat Wlnuna; Bluebird beat Jack I; B B
and B beat Orpneum Girl; Here We Are beat
Fleet; Ebony <Jueen beat Alizo; Shamrock
beat Bowery Girl; Napoleon I beat Bo*ery
Boy.
First ties— Grace H beat Dan C; Sharkey
beat Lucky Jack: Joe beat Sailor Boy: Blue
bird beat B B and B; Here We Are beat Kbony
Queen; Shamrock beat Napoleon I.
Second ties— Grace H beat Sharkey; Blue
bird beat Joe: after a tie Shamrock beat
Here We Are.
Third ties— Bluebird beat Grace H; Inno
cent Daisy a bye beat Shamrock.
Final— Shamrock beat Bluebird. Bluebird
took second money, Grace H third, the rest
divided.
The crack-a-jack summary follows:
Run-ofTs— V H beat ABC; Ormonde
beat Cyclone; Orpheum Lass beat Kitty Scott,
after two ties; Doncaster beat Romeo, after
two ties.
First ties— D V H beat Ormonde; Orpheum
Lass beat Doncaster.
Final— Orpheum Lass beat D V H.
MT. SHASTA FLOURING
MILL DESTROYED.
Property Valued at Twenty Thous
and Dollars Razed by a Con
flagration.
TREK A. March 20.— The Mount Shasta
Flouring Mill, the largest in this section
of the State, was totally destroyed by
flre to-day, the loss being about $20,000. i
The mill was ownod by the linn of Wal
bridgre & Carr, who have large stores In
Vr-ka, and Montague, which have be-en
supplied with iinur from the mill. The
farmers in Little Shasta will feel the
loss, as they have been able to dispose of
a large portion of their wheat at the mill, j
The Insurance is said to be about $15,000.
Death of an Orange Banker.
ORANGE, March 20. —John Burnham. a \
well-known banker of this place, died here I
at 3 o'clock this morning. He came to
Orange from Batavia, 111., about four
years ago. He wa,s 82 years old.
|
CHAMPION CASEY WINS.
Restiits of the Handball Games at I
the San Francisco Court
Yesterday.
The world's champion handball player,
Casey, and his partner, James Dunne,
again defeated the local champions, J.
C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet, at the San
Francisco handball court yesterday.
Champion Casey was in rare form and
handled the ball in a manner seldom
seen in a San Francisco handball court.
The score was as follows:
Casey and Dunne: 21—21, 1&—21.
Nealon and Lfonnet: 18—17, 21—19.
A number of local players also tried
conclusions in the court, the result of
the games being as follows:
1,. Waterman and M. Basch defeated J. R.
Bookman and E. McDonough. Score: 21—15,
! 17—21. 21—19.
E. I>ydon and E. White defeated J. Condon
and T. Foley. Score: 21—14, 15—21, 21—18.
G. McDonald and W. Manion defeated M.
; McNeil and D. Kodgers. Score: 21—13, 16—21,
21—20.
J. Dowling and A. Mclnnerny defeated R.
I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over©. ooo,ooo Boxes
Spy |P g&_j a j^fci Mrfjt
|s& J& Jfi2BJM»^fedS'
FOE BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISOBDEE3
I such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
! Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
! ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness, Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
KKI-XH PIIXS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* For a '
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And baTe the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the »*'oria.
25c at all Drue Stores. ■':>•%'■:
THE SAN FHAJNCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1898.
O'Brien and R. Housman. Score: 21—15,
15—21. 21—17. ,
R. 'Murphy and M. Magulre - defeated A.
Hampton and E. Curley. Score: 21—16, 17—21,
21 19
R Shay and R. Shields defeated T. Sullivan
and C.'Ward. Score: 21—12, 14-21, 21-17.
P. Duffy and M. Basch defeated C. Scheyer
and M. Joyce. Score: 21—13. 15— 21. 21—18.
W. Hamilton and R. Housman defeated P.
Johnson and P. Reidy. Score: 21—14, 15—21.
21—18.
A BUBGLAE CAPTJRED.
Got Away With His Plunder, but
Was Quickly Overtaken by
the Police.
The art of entering the rooom of An
drew Ruskl at 47 Sacramento street
brought Thomas Rlley, burglar and all
round bad man, into the clutches of the
law shortly after his unlucky visit, and
as he took with him two suits of clothes
and a rinp when he left the chances are
that he will be boarded by the State for
a yeat or two. Ruski. who had been out
to' the theater Saturday night, returned
rather late, and as he was going up to
his room passed Riley on the stairs.
When he reached the room he found the
dooor open and some wearing apparel
missing. He immediately ran after Riley,
and picking u-p Officer Charles O'Mally on
the street, chased Riley into the
Rococo saloon, where he was captured
with the stolen property in his posses
sion.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J Ludes, Chicago | W Ma.-Innes, Chicago
G Lane & w. Detroit Mrs Marlnnes, Chlcgo
E \V Soils, N V W % Ha.ll. Mass
J A Borard, N V Mrs Hall, Mass
C W Soils. N V X Fierce, Mass
II MetC Jr. Japan Mrs Pierce. Mass
R H Countiss, < hinaKO P W Crosby, Chicago
Miss Counties, Chicago Mrs Crosby, Chicago
o E Choffee. Chicago Z A OppenhPimer. N V
E Green, Cincinnati F Maeomber, Sonora
c Churchill. N V S X Brace Jr. Minn
Mrs Siekels, Virginia J W Vail. Minn
Mirs Si-kels. Virginia F L Orcutt, Sacto
F Fernald, Chicago R X Jack, S L Oblspo
c Ebbeke N V S McMurtrle. 8 L Obis
L Lostutter. B Oak Mrs McMurtrie & 2 c.
Mi\; Lostutter. S Dak San Luis Oblspo
C Wheeler. Phlla S B Flelsher, Phila
A. Greswold & s. N V -'-* Flelsher. Phil*
\V A Hamilton, NTN T V Miss Fleisher. Phlla
X S Miller. N V E Unlngotone, N* V
R Uooderham. Canada J G Hamilton, Minn
Mrs Oooderham. Can Miss Halch, Minn
m; ss Gooderham, Can F M Vandling Pa
C W Mler, Sacto Mrs Vru.dlinsr & r. Pa
T X Cooney, Merced Mrs Yon Uonlt. Pa
W .1 Carney, Chicago Dr Minus & w, Ger-
Mrs Carney, '"nicago many
Kd Huies. Chicago w L Dacey, Mich
Mr? Huios. Chicago D S Lynde. N T
(> D Taylor. Fhlla. T Waiterbotham, Chffo
V CavalU, N V B ••hambers. L Ang
.\Vm>ri-.nA VpJmTwspp i\V A Blssell, Chicago
C Kilaey Chicago |A Vandenhurper. St L
C W Smith, Chicago |Mrs Patten, Phlla
Mrs Smith, Chicago Miss Himmons. Phila
Mr Blackstone&w. Chi Miss Si'lfriflue, Phila
MN* Snow, Chlcaßo B Phellippi. Kncrland
R Isham, Chicago A Lawtmi, Enph-uid
i ; Robbing, Chicago 'Mrs Robbins, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Rodders. Salinas IG W Deatch, Austria
F B Valentine, Sacto Ede Reynler, Sangrer
1 B Portwood & w. <'al E Men Crane. Chicago
Mdc l'Kst.>HU-. Paris J N Woodward. B C
7 V, Irvin Ar.zona W H Leavitt, B C
F T Duemeyer, Sacto G T Dunlap & w. Cal
M's T H Varney, Cal M Spicker, Chicago
Misa Holbrook, Cal O Whlteside, Cal
\l4 Pierce, San Jose A Rozanoff & w. Cal
W C Ames, Oakland W Heekman. Sacto
C Gilsey <<- w. Gtlroy L Durneal. Los Gatos
C Burns, San Jose C II Rchiveley. Ormlle
F n Pattee Cal J M Met "lung, Orovllle
l Miss Livingston, Pa E M Cole & w. Mass
W T Lewis Red Bluff C M Heintz, Los Ang
H W Wells &w, 111 iW M Gillesple. Cal
C Timmensen. Cal M H Curley, Needles
0 Chandler, Chicago J McCarthy. Cal
i j C Wyman & w. Pa
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J W Vail. Chicago 3 Thnll. Apt J Corbett
W I Kent, Montana C Schleffelin, L Ang
F tdveryard, Montana B Slnkard. "1492" Co
S Brtice Jr, Montana Miss Bernard. •'1402"
W I.eiivitt. Montana Rl> Cooper, "14<«2"
Sol Knnc?, Montana F Caverly "M 92"
C Gruliarn. BactO J Behan. "MM"
F S Sprague, Sacto S Samuels, N T
Ada Armstrong, Sacto L Dougherty & w, N T
M Smith &W. Sacto C Roach. X V
BrDaa Thompson, Sacto R J Richie. Nev
Miss Welsene, Sacto T Noniby & w, Nev
\V Rlx, Alameda M Jones, Chicago
T J Gaffney, Salinaa J Smith. S .Tos.>
1 Hard, Berkeley Mr- Cunningham. Neb
A S Sulkey. I>enver Lady Banler&m, Lond
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Francis, Sacto II M Cox & f. Seattle
.1 Mulroy, Vlsalia R T Toner & w, Idaho
B \ W.mrar. Denver C L Wendel. Klssons
J Ferguson, S Jcse Mrs Johns in, Cal
i C Hicr-lns. Vdle.'O H C Gainer,' Phoenix
L DsnaUsoa. Monter . yJZ E Buckler, S Rosa
I M fox. S Rosa |M T Hughes. Oregon
J Martin, Calistoga I D Smith, Pasadena
J Hamilton. 3t LoutotM J Taylor. S Diego
I H Bartle Af, Minn |J Monaghan, Fresno
| Miss DuranJ. Portland |
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BTTSTNESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
830 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery .j.
No. 16 X T.. 625 Slitter st.— Stated *ojjP
assembly THIS EVENING at 7:30 iMJ
o'clock. The Order of the Temple **
' will be conferred. Visiting fraters *
are courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder. _____
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. «
& A. Mr, Franklin Hall, 183!) Fillmore __f\_
First degree THIS (MONDAY) T__T
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order ' >
of the Master. HARRY BAEHR.
Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. & A. ■
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _^\_
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Second de- T__g
gree. By order of the W. M. '^r >
G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal __ ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- __r\_,
ING. P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. }&jt
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. /¥'
UNITY Encampment No. 26, I. O. <_i______j>
O. -Members notified to .attend : jjg__U_^ir-
funeral of our late Patriarch, ED- J 25jJ3E5s-fc-
. MUND F. CLARK, THIS DAY, -^/""^
1:30 p. m. W. H. BLUNDEN, Scribe.
ANNUAL MEETING— regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 28th day
of March, IS9B, at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a. Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other, business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18, 1898. at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis Bt., second floor, room 22.
ALL persons having any bills against the firm
of SCHAEFER & CO. will i.leaae present I
them before Wednesday, March 23, 18iiS, at
their office, 530 Clay st. '■ |
ALVINK HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15'/. Turk st. and 1118 Market, rooms
15-16.
ROOMS papered. $2 &0 up; whitened. $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth St., or 239 Third st.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St., room 3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Kearny St., room 9.
MME. HANSEN, ■ latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5550.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. . 120 1 Geary st., room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.: elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths: unrivaled.
DIVIDEND NOT ICtS.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the of lice of the company on and after
FRIDAY. April 1. 1898. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 26, 1898, ■ at 12
o'ciock m. , .. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary,
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 53 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchinscn Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday, March 21, • 189 S. Transfer books will
' close on Tuesday, March 15. 1898. at 3 o'clock
p. *m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS XANTED-FBMALK.
LADIES ! looking for first-class help can be
suited by calling,' addressing or telephoning
to MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.; . phone
Grant 120. .."..'. :
SITUATIONS WAN * ED- Continued.
REFINED young woman desires situation as
working housekeeper; best references; city
.or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt._
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation* 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework: $10 to »15;
reference. MISS CULLEN, MB Batter st.
COMPETENT nurse desires situation; 4 years
last place; city or country. MISS LUL..L.fc,ls,
825 Sutter st.
NORWEGIAN girl Oakland, references of 7
years, wishes housework; is a first-class
cook. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl, lately from Sweden: strong:
and willing; $12. MRS. NORTON, 223 Sutter.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st., telephone Main 0332,
furnishes best help of all nationalities.
THE question of the day— "Where to obtain a
competent house servant. Try headquarters.
1018 Washington st., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE American woman greatly in
need of work and good home; good worker;
do any' kind of work; references; light
wages. 664 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
2213% Mason st. . ■
GERMAN girl, competent cook, wishes place
in first-class " American family: city or
country: best of references. Box 2624. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman~wishes position for
any kind of light work; home more an object
than wages; reference. Address box 273<.CaJl.
YOUNG German girl wishes to do light house-
work in small Christian family- Apply 1321
Mason st.
REFINED German wishes position to care for
children. 1336 Polk St.
YOUNG woman would like a position; is a
good housekeeper. Call or address 1203 Mar-
ket St., room 98, second floor.
AMERICAN lady wants work by the day;
office cleaning or work of any kind; must
sleep home. | 995 Market st., room 21.
LADY from the East wishes situation as
housekeeper or charge of furnished rooms.
Call 102 Taylor st., room 10-
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or chamber work. 959 Howard st. MRS.
BLAIR, second floor.
NEAT, reliable woman desires situation light
housework with small private family. Ad-
drees box 2795, Call office.
SITUATION by American lady in American
family; cooking and general housework;
wages $25. Address box 2793, Call office.
YOUNG girl desires a situation to assist In
light housework and take care of children.
Call at 44 Clementina st. •
YOUNG girl To rgeneral housework; German
preferred. 49 South Park.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by the
day. Call at 603 Eddy st.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or will
do plain sewing and mending, 116 blxth. BU.
room 6.
WOMAN cook to go in the country or would
do housework; moderate wages. 3 Natoma.
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
cooking and general housework; wages »20.
Address box 210 1 Call oftice.
NEAT middle-aged woman; fine American
cook or would take care of sick; city or
country; wages $12 to $!.'>■ 123 Third st.
AN American lady of refinement desires a po-
sition as traveling companion; first-class ref-
erences given. Address MRS. L.. box 488.
Call office.
SWEDISH girl of experience wants situation;
good cook and houseworker; references. 109
Grant aye., room 16. __
YOUNG lady desires position as nursery gov-
erness or companion; is trustworthy and com-
petent to take entire charge of children; can
give the best of references; no objection to
country or travel. Address M. C box 3100.
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position as
housekeeper or first-class cook: beet of city
references. Apply Monday after 10 a. m..
room 24, Root House, 126 Fourth at,
YOUNG Jewish girl, very recently from Ger-
many, of good family and well brought up,
seeks suitable employment. Address F. M.,
box 20. Call office. .
REFINED middle-aged German widow wishes
a place as housekeeper for elderly couple or
elderly gentleman. Box 2552. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like the care of a
few offices; references. Address M. M., 7328
Army st.
EASTERN woman and daughter want positions
in the country; understands all branches of
housekeeping; good cook and splendid man-
nger- both competent to take charge. Box
2104. Call offlce.
AN experienced Swedish nurse wishes situa-
tion as a child's nurse. 879 Capp »t.
SITUATION wanted as housekeeper by widow;
fond of children. Widow, 2524 Mission st.
ELDERLY American woman wants situation;
is good plain cook; any distance In the coun-
try; wages $10 per month. Address 22£ 7th.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; good cutter and fitter: $1 25
per day; no objection to country. Address
box 2036, Call. '
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; do children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2083, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as cook In a
Spanish or English family; prefer Spanish. 11
Dawson place.
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position; 6 years'
experience in the East on fine work; good
appearance. Box 2139, Call offlce.
GIRL wishes situation for second work and
waiting; city references. Call 3354 Twenty-
second St.. near Guerrero.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
cook and general housework. 229 27th st.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
SI9B Howard Ft., room 3.
COMPETENT young woman, good In composi-
tion, wishes position; private secretary or
confidential clerk; small salary. E. N., 9W)
Clay St., Oakland. T?
RESPECTABLE colored woman wants a posi-
tion as a first-class cook in a private fam-
ily or small boarding-house. 1024 Jackson st.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
YOUNG lady wishes situation aa housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 126 Fourth St. rm. 23.
ELEVENTH, 106-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.^_______
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main MOT. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hying Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414 V. OFurrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 66. Geo. Aokt._3o Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel.. East 777. bOS Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening, iv.% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
YOUNG man 2S years of age, resident of New
York City, wants position as manager or
■alesman for mercantile house or corpora-
tion to represent same in New York; quali-
fied by education and practical experience;
references and bond. Address J. G. GOLLU,
IS West 103 d st.. New York._
STATIONARY engineer wishes a position; city
or country. Address A. L., 366 Eleventh st.
MAN with practical business experience, full
command of English and German, wants em-
ployment as salesman, assistant bookkeeper
or In any other mercantile capacity. Ad-
dress box Call office.
FIRST-CLASS GermarTgardener: sober and In-
dustrious; can take care of horses, cows, etc.;
good references. Please address Gardener, 560
Howard et.
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, wants
situation; small washing, cooking; city;
country; good references. W. S. X... 615V4
Dupont st.
POSITION wanted as manager or foreman; ex-
perienced In fruit, Uowers and vegetables;
first-class references. Box 2092. Call nir-.i-f.
JAPANESE wishes situation as first-class cook
In a family; city or country. J. A., box 10,
Call office. -
BOOKKEEPER— 7 years In one position: 4 in
another; steady, honest and thoroughly capa-
ble; commence $45. Stenographer, 1322 Cal. St.
YOUNG man, single, well educated, good rec-
ommendations, desires position of any kind;
moderate salary with chance for advance-
ment. Address'L., box 2827. Call Office.
YOUNG man would do light work of any kind
for board, room and small remuneration; ref-
erences. J. D., box 2812, Call Office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, young boy, wants
situation in small nice family; wages $15 to
$25. Address T. X., 1808 Polk st.
POSITION aB~blacksmlth; first-class horse-
shoer and can do woodwork. G. C. L. T.,
Fruitvale Poatofflce. Cal.
SITUATIONS wanted~by German and wife
without children; man as foreman; under-
stands all kinds of ranch work; wife good
cook and housekeeper; both flrst-elass refer-
ences. Address postofflce bo* 12S - Llvermore.
Cal.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; man
understands farming and vineyard; also en-
gineering; woman good cook and housekeep-
er. Address T. S. H., 2526 Miision _t.
SITUATIONS V.' ANTED— Continued.
ENGLISHMAN, middle-aged, wants situation
to attend to private place or small ranch;
understands care or all kinds of stock and
poultry and farm work; references if re-
quired. Address Farmer, 754 Mission st.
YOUNG man who Is willing to work wants a
position: understands bookkeeping; willing to
make himself generally useful; salary no ob-
ject. Box 2087, Call office.
MAN lately from the East wishes situation as
night watchman; 15 years in the business;
first-class references. Box 2098. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an accomplished physi-
cian; willing to travel as private secretary.
E. V., box , Call office. _
STABLEMAN desires situation: 14 years' ex-
perience. Address A. C box 2085, Call office.
MAN and wife wish work in hotel; wife to do
general work, chambermaid and waitress,
man as bartender or night clerk; 10 years' ex-
perience; reference. Address A. L., general
Postoffice, Alameda.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper and cashier;
references furnished. Address box 14, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 26, 7 years' experience,
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern: moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X., box 25,
Call office. .
GERMAN horticulturist, competent In every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison st.
THOROUGHLY experienced orchardlst. well-
posted on fruit raising, grafting and prunin;
trees, cultivating, irrigating, able to rais i
young fruit trees which, without protection
will stand hot weather, desires position as
working foreman on orchard or new to start
orchard: single, sober, reliable man, 40 years
old; references. Address Orchardist. box 2131.
Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener or
to take care of horses: handy about the
house. 709 */4 Buchanan st. ; best of references.
SITUATION as watchman; care of horses;
references. W.. box 6. Call Office. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 20 room?, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from fer y.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
LARGE number tit girls to fill situations' too
numerous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter St.
COOK and second girl, $25 and $20, Oakland.
Ml^s CULLEN, 33E Batter st.
NURSEGIRL, care of one child. $12; sleep
home. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook, $85; 2 second girls,
$L'O oach; an Irish girl as cook, $30; 20 house-
work girls, U't to $30. city and country. MISS
CULLBN, 326 Sutter st.
SECOND Kirl, $15, easy place. Girls looking
for first-class situations can be suited by
calling on MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, 2 in family, $15; Irish girl
preferred Miss ct'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
REPINED German second girl and nurse, $15,
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Napa, $20: small boarding-house. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutler st.
NEAT girl assist housework, $10 td $15. MISS
<■! LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child Jlo. ranch work. MISS
CULLEN, 3i". Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $25.
MISS CULLEN. 525 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and apsiPt waiting for Ba-
kersfield, $20 and fare paid; Kalian chamber-
rraid, city hotel, $15; 3 waitresses for first-
class water resort, $20; waitress for Pan Jose,
$?<>; 3 waitresses for Redondo Beach, $20; arm
waitress for Truckee. $L'O and fare paid; wait-
ress for private boarding-hous->, $15; 2 luncn
waitresses for city. $3 50 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
COOK for small boarding-house near city.
Eastern woman preferred, $30. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER for an Institution, ?15. C.
R. HANSEN .* CO., 108 Geary >t.
GOOD laundress for a country hotel, and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1)S Geary Ft.
RANCH cook for Yuba City. $20 and free fare,
ranch cook for < '■ llinsville, $20; German
woman for cooking and laundry work, £20;
housegirl for 'Vallejo, 3 in family, see lady
lure, $15; 6 housegtrls. $20, and 10 housegiris
for $15. C. R. HANSEN .t- CO., MS Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN woman for cooking In fam-
ily of 2 at the mines, $25, see party here. C.
R IiANSEN & CO., 10S Geary a.
WANTEP- French co..k. $W; 4 cooks, German
style, $30 and $25: second girls. $20 and $15;
girls for housework, $20. $15 and $10: Swedish
laundress. $30; 2 German nursery governesses,
$15 and $30; French nurse, grown children.
125; French maid, $25. LEON ANDRE, 308
Stockton.
PROTESTANT laundress for an institution,
city. $25. call early Monday; neat woman.
housework. Contra Costa County, $IS. Mt'll-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
THE California Waitresses' and Chamber
maids' Association have organized. with
headquarters at 329 Eddy St.: all those de-
sirous of obtaining employment apply to the
employment secretary at the above add, -ess;
no office fee.
SWEDISH cook, $25; German houseglrl, $20;
Irish housegirl, $25; second girl, $20; young
girl, $12. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
OFFICE fee 25c less; girls of all nationalities
to fill various positions. MRS. LAMBERT.
417 Powell st.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631
Larkln st.
UNDER new management ladies receive cour-
tesy and prompt, excellent service. 313 Bush.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer, $15 (Kearny): tailoress,
$2 (Market); 2 ticket-sellers (ilarket); stenog-
raphers and milliners (Market); millinery
saleslady, $15 (Broadway); stenographer and
typewriter, $25; orders in order Just as re-
ceived to-day: ladies' department now under
new management. 313 Bush st.
2 FIKST-CLASS trimmers, $75 and $S0; 2 young
ladies tailoring establishment; 3 lady ticket
agents. 313 Bush st.
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladles for department store; office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market St.
CI.OAK salesladies, 6 salesladies, 5 factory
hands, tailoress, seamstress. 1023 Market st.
SELECT Ladles' Clerks' Exchange: strictly
confidential in its operations; bookkeepers,
copyists, salesladies, clerks, etc. 101S Wash-
ington St., Oakland.
SALESLADIES who have experience In sell-
ing ladles' underwear, children's wear, mil-
linery and cloaks: none need apply with-
out thorough experience. Apply at 840 Mar-
ket St., between 4:30 and 6 p. m.
STRONG young woman to assist with gen-
eral housework. 115 A Sixth Bt., Piedmont
House.
GIRL to assist In housework; sleep home;
$2 50 week. 1914 Leavenworth st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; refer-
ences; 3 in family. U. 19 Vallejo st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work. 143 Bartlett St.
GIRL wanted for general housework at S.
MANTYNBAND'S. 139 Larkin st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
$10 month. 63 Minna st., near Second.
WANTED — A girl for housework; flrst-clasc
references. 2016 Mission st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework.
Apply 1717 Post st.
NEAT young girl to take care of children. Ap-
ply M"i 6 Hayes st.
WANTED — An experienced girl to take care
of baby and assist In housework. 22"ll Sutter.
GIRL 14 years old to learn tailoring and help
a little around house. 516 Jessie st.
WOMAN, under 25, light housekeeping; $8
monthly; one in family. Box 2051. Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist in general housework.
507 Hayes st.
GIRL for light housework and assist with
baby. Call between 10 and 12. 755 Eddy st.
WANTED— Woman/ to help in kitchen in a res-
taurant. 830 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom coats. 473
Tehama st., upstairs.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; small family: reference. 730 McAllister.
3 lst-class finishers on pants. 858 Howard, over
S. F. handball court, bet. 4th and sth.
WANTED — Experienced and fast operator on
line coats. Apply VALENTINE. 516 Geary.
WANTED— For Alameda. competent dress-
maker; must do second work; wages $2s.
Address, stating experience and references.
box 2097. Call office.
A No. 1 finisher on cloaks and capes. M.
SIMINOFF, 122S Market St.
WANTED— First-class pants flnisner. 724 ft
Market St., room_27.
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices on
gloves and suspenders. Apply CARSON
GLOVE CO., 35 Market st^
SOLICITORS, city and country; staple goods;
permanent positions. 1155 Mission st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 15c. MCDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
ROOMS, respectable house, from 25c night and
$1 50 week. 142 Seventh; central.
HELP -SB—Continued.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Lev I Strauss & Co. riveted cloth- i
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont at.
DR WISE the ladles' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free. ,
~~ MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— Timber fellers, $45; laborers for
city $1 75: laborers for mill and woods, $20 ■
and 126. Apply ta J. F. CROSETT, & CO..
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3 waiters. $40 and $45; butler, pri- j
vate family. $50: restaurant cook. $35, and ■
other kitchen help. Apply to J. F. CROSETT [
& CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— and wife. $50; man and |
wife to cook for men. $50: hotel cook and :
wife $50; cook and wife, small restaurant, !
$45; 'waiter, country hotel. $30. Apply to J. i
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
A _ THE MINES AND CAMPS.
10 laborers for the mines, $2 day, no ex- |
perience required; 5 miners, $2 50 day; 6 la- j
borers, $1 day and board: 3 sand teamsters.
$1 75 day; farmer and wife, $30, south; 4
choremen and boys for different places.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.. Lead-
ing Employment Agents.
A— THE HOTELS. ETC.
6 cooks, different places, $45, $35, $25; 4 wait-
ers, $25 and $20; 3 dish-washers. $15 and $20; 2
hotel bakers. $30; German boy to learn bak-
ing, etc., $3 week and found; bellboy. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay St.
A MACHINIST for city shop. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 I lay st. -
A— TO THE FARMS AND DAIRIES.
5 milkers, $25 and $23 and found: 15 farm, or-
chard and vineyard hands, $26, $23, $20 and
$15. exceptional good places. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents. 634
and 636 Clay st.
A— TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
365 tiemakers. different places, &c. 9c and 10c
each; 394 woodchoppers for different places
in California. $1 25. Si and 70c cord; 68 shingle I
and shake makers, $1 50 cord: 16 bark peel- I
ers, $30 and found; 5 head choppers, $45 and
found; 5 second choppers for the woods, $40
and found. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP.
We can supply you with the beat help "free
of charge;" from January 1 to December
31. lSt>7. we gave positions to seventeen thou-
sand (17,000) men and women; send your or-
ders to us; we will send competent help.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.; tel. Main 5848.
HEAD cook, country hotel, $65; cook, small
. country hotel, $40, fare paid; waiter, nurses'
hall, country hotel, $35 and free fare; 6 wait-
ers, country hotel, $35 and free fare; 4 res-
taurant waiters, north. $40: 3 waiters, country
hotels, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
3 COLORED waiters, country hotel, $25 and
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
• Geary st. >■ '
PANTRY boy, hotel, $15; porter boy, $15; young
man who lives with parents to clean up in
institution, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
GERMAN milker, $25; man and wife as milker
and cook, $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st. \' : '-..
2 IRONERS. country laundries. $30 and found;
marker and distributor, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 103 Geary st. \
PAINTER for a country hotel. $35, board and
room. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
WANTED — Young German as gardener about a
private place, $25 per month; German ' farmer
■ and wife. $40 per month, good place first
timber feller, $45; second timber feller, $40;
Swiss milker, $30; also farmers and others.
W. I). EWER & CO., 626 Clay St. j -';■'-:,
SCREW turner for mill, north. $40 and board;
camp cook and helper, $75. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st. _
BOY, assist pantry, hotel, $10. MISS'^CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. i___
DISHWASHER, country, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZKTTE. 420 Keamy St. )
THE Free Employment Office. 419 Stockton
St.. have opened their new office for 'busi-
ness; we have on hand positions for stenog-
raphers, harness maker*, tiemakers, m*n to
• cut cord wood, etc. ; we wish the i general
public would give us a call when they wish
help of any kind. \ ',
HEADQUARTERS for the most reliable male
and female help on the Pacific coast. 1018
Washington St.. Oakland.
23 BON A FIDE first-class orders booked In
ladies' department this half month: now
under new management. 313 Bush st. in-
vestigate. |
XA ORDERS booked for competent help in male
department this month. 313 Bush st.
WANTED Cook; steady, sober man; German
preferred. 32 Sixth st. . ■ ._ » ,
WANTED— A good barber: wages. 1207 Scott
St., between Eddy and Ellis.
WANTED— to wait at table In restaurant.
S3O Howard st.
SHOEMAKER shop for sale; the place for a
single man. 1017% Clay st. -:-^ .;.■
GOOD and sober dishwasher at 8 Jackson st.
PLAIN cook, elderly man, for a boarding
house. 328 Drumm st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. 858 Howard,
over S. F. handball court, bet. 4th and sth.
GERMAN or Scandinavian • couple for ranch
IS miles west of Redwood: wife to cook, wash
and make butter; husband to milk, care for
horses and do general ranch work; wages $20
per month. Apply to H. STEELE, 501 Harri-
son st.; references required.
PIPE chippers and cancers wanted; work on
wrought iron water pipe; 4 months' steady
work. Apply .Howard st. entrance Risdon
Iron Works.
WANTED — Young man for general work: short
distance in country; state age, habits, quali-
fications, etc. ; wages $15, board and lodging.
Q., box 1, Call Office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be . be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and C feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, CaL
GROCERY clerk: Mexican saddle stamper; do-
mestic goods salesman and dry goods. 313
Bush st.
MAN and wife as manager and cashier for
Sacramento: $sn. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife as manager and correspondent
for Seattle: cash business. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to manage branch cash busi-
ness in Spokane. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to superintend cash office busi-
ness; Tacoma; $75. 313 Bush St.
TRAVELING hardware specialty salesman ; In-
terview to-day; excellent opening. 313 Bush.
$100 PER month— Office partner; active and
energetic; exceptional opportunity. ?13 Bush.
ADVERTISING department manager; charge
local and foreign trade catalogues. 313 Bush.
HOTEL porter, $25, country: t>ell boy; furni-
ture van driver, experienced. 1023 Market at.
YOTTNG man, office cashier; Al wlnemaker;
machinist. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— A first-class nurseryman and flor-
ist; single man with references. Address
Nursery, box 20, Call office.
GARDENER wanted at once at GRALLERT
& CO.'S Carnot Conservatory, Colma. San
Mateo Co. ; write or call after 3 p. m.
WANTED— A boy to distribute type In print-
ing office. Box 2506. Call office.
WANTED— No. 1 watchmaker. Inquire 39 N.
El Dorado St., Stockton.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED— A man to cook and attend a little
to bar. 550 Clay st.
BARBER-SHOP; $200; 2 chairs. 3 living-rooms;
rent $20. 321 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet. 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
WANTED— An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market St., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
GOOD canvasser wanted— 9 Geary St.. room 2.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. £17 -hlrd :.t. : 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night: Jl to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764V4 Mission
st., men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean room's; 2
nights JCc or 750 week. 10C New Montgomery.
MEN to lean barber trade in eight weeka. d.
F. Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, BG3>4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixtb.
for a room; 23c a night; $1 a week.
PERSONALS.
GRACE. 1 — - ,
HENRY-Tuesday without fail.; BtXth^cA_
L ~a^aWoSfffWlM !
e^e^rb^'naK $gl °£f Kh
trated lesson, postpaid 10c. Addpesffl VHVtr.
J. R. HERRIN, box 2.:'.. PacatHT. 111.
NICE young man wishes the acquaintance of
a young or middle-aged lady with some good
capital? object matrimony. Call address
JOHN MICHAEL, 765 Market st- room -■!.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell": 16 pases: no $» re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS^^^
CO^H^nTo^thTTar^esMhair dressing establish-
ment on the Pacific Coast; best of service.
25c only; good switches. SI; best, finest qual-
ity. $3 50: extra heavy, long. 55: open Sun-
days from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties: it never fails to relieve in one day; no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules: the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $0 order,
after which it can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in to
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent t«
last six months; office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. 36% Geary St..
San Francisco. -;!■%'
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed,
and on framed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c: Bxlo and 10x12. l.'.c: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c:
14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24. 45c; 22*
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
ing.all colors. lc ft:open eve. Jones.s47 Mission
LADIES electric facial and scalp treatment
wrinkles removed by my process. 9% Stock-
ton st. - m
QUINONIA Hair Tonic is, in all cases, en-
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 pc- night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DRUMMER'S samples little boys' fancy an*
plain suits at a sacrifice. 107 Sansomo St..
upstairs. j--*--;..-
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In,
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 535 Clay st., S. F.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement »06 Market, room 25. second floor.
MRS JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, US Grant aye.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st. ; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CRKSSM.KEHS.
BAH FRANCISCO I'T«!Kih Tailoring College.
916 Market st. V •
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader' born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm.and clalrv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
25c. 327 Fifth St. __
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, 215 Kearny St.. room
2: mind-reader and palmist. ;
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwh.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St.. room 14.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120% Geary st.
MISS MELVILLE, great 'clairvoyant and
water reader. 921% Mission; German spoken.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st., room 10.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; buirineM g
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post.
MME. SVAENSON. only reliable card reader
and fortune teller: 25c. .41 Geary st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
tree. j
SPIRITUALISM. w
JOHN SLATER, grand test seance to-night at
8. Hall. 909 Market St.: admission 10c. -.. ';- -■■■-^ ■;:
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia: sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat, eve.. 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. .
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and!
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS J J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The v— .*i.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HYPNOTISM-
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics: private Instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TURMAN, Sec.
LOST.
LOST— 7 o'clock Sunda- evening, blacle
cocker spaniel puppy; had on nickel collar,
•with padlock. Return to Nevada Stable and
receive reward. ...
LOST Black Newfoundland dog, answers to
name of Mallcoff; $10 reward. Return to 4
Eighth st. -
LOST— Sunday, in park, bunch of keys; re-
ward. 227 First st.
— Gentleman's vest, last week Wednesday.
March 16; important papers. Return CHI>T
AH SAM, 726 A Sacramento St.. Hoy Lee Co..
and receive reward of $5.
CASH given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS. IE Grant aye.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate. Insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale. patents,
trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ,
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, planes,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOON AN. 1017 to 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission St. Tel. Mint 1521.
TO LEASE'
FACTORY to lease; Folsom St.. bet. Fourth
and Fifth: buildings, engine and boilers. .
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. (28 Market st
I'll* Sl< I.V.NS.
sk"/ C? C. O' DON NELL, office and residence,
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
PARTNERS WANTED. ■
PARTY with $100; gilt-edge proposition: sult-
able for lady; investigate. Box 2821. Call.
PARTNER wanted with $4000 in a first-class
family hotel. Box 2071. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fit! new building. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1821. ■.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to la Mont-
. gomery fit ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
FAMILY four adults, having furnished house,
want party to occupy spare rooms and to
board them. Address ATHOS, box "2796, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
6 HORSE-POWER gasoline engine in good re-
pair; ready for use. Box 2117, Call office.
WANTED— A good second-hand tsasolina
launch. Lock box 329, Red Bluff, Cal.
WANTED— IOO goals for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern ! apparatus second-
hand. . 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
, clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Tbtrd.Bt; IXESi CHANCES.
$200— CORNER saloon; down town; in vicinity
of th* wholesale houses; well stocked; doing
an excellent trade; good fixtures. M. LESS,
r<E Market Bt.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in very
best suburban town across the bay; located
on corner of two of the most prominent
streets; practically without opposition in its
neighborhood; positively clearing $200 to $200
per month; owner there for over seven years
and offers his business at a great sacrifice on
account of departure north; no reasonable
Offer rt-fuse.i. M. LESS, 7«5 Market »t.
!- AKTNKi; wanted In well paying res-
taurant; central; owner tired ot unreliable
help; trial given to suitable party. Apply
M. LESS, 768 Market st
11760— DAY saloon; established 25 years; among
wholesale houses; value of btock fully $2000;
business speaks for itself: full investigation;
an Al proposition. Apply at once to M. LESS.
>65 Market st.
•TOO—RESTAURANT in largest manufacturing
district of this city; receipts $55 per day;
eroof furnished and trial Riven if you mean
usiness; rent i niy S3O. M. LESS. 7C5 Market.
|500— PARTNER wanted In a commission busi-
ness, established over 20 years, doing a good
paying business; best of references furnished;
thorough Investigation allowed; must be a
steady, sober man-. M. LESS, 705 Market st.
BAKERY ■ niry. established for
the last 80 years, doing a rushing store busi-
ness: only Brst-class cash customers; no low
prices; the beet location in this city; living
rooms; rent low; buyers given a trial; no
better place In the market; investigate; you
will find a WILKE, 78S Market st.
|225 PARTNER wanted by a lady in po7k~and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to
Market St.; doing first-class paying business-
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE*
7-3 Market st.
blished Ealoon with 16 fur-
nlshed rooms; doing a first-class paying busi-
choicest lucation; close to Ellis and
Market sts.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE. 753
A-$,50; OLD established restaurant 1 block
from cor Fourth and Market: kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good paying busi-
investigate mm Q. WILKE, 788 Market.
A ~fS°', C I9 RNER s;il "" n on San Bruno~road7
with 3 living rooms; rent $20; good paying
place and stock worth the money. WILKE.
Market st.
KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22 V> Geary.
Investigate our new list of bargains:
t-legant dining-room; 30 steady boarders
parlor and bread bakery; central.
Stationery, school supplies; near school.
I igars; daily receipts $1"; snap.
$.100— Dressmaking and tailoring: clears $100.
H.-.o— Meat market; $3000 monthly; cheap rent.
$400— Home restaurant; $600, French rest'nt.
Corner grocery and bar; living rooms.
J.OO0 — ilorist; 2-acre nursery under glass.
$3750— Bookb'.ndery and blank-book manfry.
Hundreds of other bargains; investigate.
■ORNER grocery and bar; a bargain,
'irocery and bar; best corner in city.
Very nice cigar-store; good location.
$300— Branch bakery and notions; paying welL
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & QQ/8. 777 Market St.
FOR Sale — An established nursery; nearly 2
acres of land, with green houses, heating
apparatus, etc.; choice stock of plants; good
business chance for the right man. Apply to
A. M. Si'ECK & CO., 602 Market st.
WANTED— Good tenants for Market, Ellis and
Powell st. stores; cheap. SPECK & CO., 602
Market Bt.
5500 — SALOON; bargain; departure cause of
sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
FAMILY liquor store; well stocked; splendid
location; good trade; low rent: excellent
chance for right party; a bargain. Inquire,
si
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, with!
- i -paying lodging-house.
II tor st.. room 13.
j^' Well established custom trade shoe store: !
repairing. 41"2 Nineteenth st., near j
I rp.
SALOON for sale on account of sickness. Call
and .-< wner, ;::> Brannan st.
RESTAURANT for sale at 136 Second at.
HOME bakery, notions; established 4 years;
• ms: rent $15. 1913 Howard.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location, i
, ly Albany Brewery.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!".
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
76E Mission, bet. Third and Fourth, San Fran-
Cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
which cort over-
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
tewing same; on investment of $2000 for
I^7 eighty (80) per cent per annum was real- -
lzed over al! expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on arcoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
■ • f the
best paving restaurants south of
-et st. : right in center of large factories
and foundries; always full and clearing $130
per month; price $3SO; trial given; cause of
sale owner retiring from business. Box 2123.
Call •
TliY blacksmith shop for sale, with all
necessary tools and stock; situated on Boul-
din Island, San Joaquin County. For further
Information inquire of H. VOORMAX, 50«
Battery «-, Ban Francisco, or at the prem-
n Bouldin Island.
r cash, the most perfect and
well-known dressmaking establishment in
City; transaction absolutely trustworthy;
• be disposed of at once. For particulars
< - all Office.
■ PAYING 2-chair barber shop and cigar
.•-tiind Western Addition, for sale at once on
int of sickness; call between 1 and 2:30
Ie at 729 C Clementina st. S. W. MAR-
SHALL.
■ ARPENTER shop; good location; cheap rent;
Income per month; $75 worth of
. will soil for $7C; owner having to leave
the city. Box 2121. Call office.
. ARTNER wanted in light business suit-
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a
no experience required; trial given.
Market St., room 17.
account of sickness, first-class sa-
pen for y^ars; price very low. FER-
RARI & f'AXEPA, 407 Montgomery aye., or
'allejo st.
WANTED— A man with $260 to $-V>o: one of the
paying businesses in the city; investi-
I.ox -■•.•]. Call office.
EXCHANGE What have you to trade for sta-
rj and variety business worth $800?
■■hance. Box 207 C, Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED news ana stationery
ttore Rr..! laundry office, doing good business:
I am going to Alaska; mak.- Brer 1 1 * EMftn.
LD-EBTABLISHED stationery, news
and cif tr-xtore for sale at a sacrifice. Apply
.:, •-.'_". McAllister st.
FIRFT-i'LASS l-cbalr barber Fhop; 2 living
rooms; 3 years' lease; building insured. Ad-
HENBI BERPROW. Le Grand. Cal.
PINE store cor. Oak and Franklin sts.. rent
$'0 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 1." Grant.
GOOD bakery with outside __**c; good loca-
tion; parties going to country. Box 16, Call
brand! Office. 1W Eleventh st.
FOR sale— Comer saloon at a bargain; 5-year
-old on account of sickness. Apply be-
tween I and sp. ___Jli r;r " m avfv
STRBT-CLASS grocery and bar for sale cheap;
kci.t by the present owner a long time; now-
r'-tiring. Box 8089, Call office.
GROCERY and bar; fine corner; established
for years. Blfi Market McLBOUD & HATZE.
FIRST-CLASS cigar-stand; proprietor leaving
city. L., box 20, this office.
P< IR sale- -Bakery, candy and notion store. In-
<jiiire at I*'.'l BtUOn s-t.
VERY cheap; fancy goods store, with 3 living-
rooms. 1417 Polk Ht.
COUNTRY call route for sale. Apply Call
office.
j MAR store, with 4 rooms in rear. 1519
Market st.
WANTED— Partner saloon; open day and ni^ht
for £0 years. C5O Sacramento St., northeast
corner of Kearny..
FOR — Restaurant and chophouse; beet
location; opposite the ferries. Call at 18
East st. ■
1150— BRANCH bakery and notion store; re-
ceipts, M to $7 day; I living ra. 3012 Sixteenth.
SHOE store; well-established custom trade.
Apply Call branch office. 829 Hayes st.
BARBER shop at sacrifice on account of sick-
ness. 434 Pacific at.
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk Bt.
PATENTS-SMITH & OSBORN Reßisfd Pat.
Agents: established MB. 319 Pine at., city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire thia
efflce or ot 233 Third St., Portland. Oregon. ]
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento lit
JLBGALTg MOTICES.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco.
March IC, IS9S— In compliance with the provis- j
ions of section a of order 1698 of the Board of j
Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO,
there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms. 31 and 33
Sutter street, on
MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m.. sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed In
un inventory thereof on .file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc. : also a lot of trunks, valises,
clothing etc., property of deceased persons
receive! from the Coroner of this, city "and
county. Open for Inspection on morning of
sale . A. C. WIDBER, ,
City and County Treasurer.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES. .
WANTED— parties to Join party
to the Klondike: newly discovered district:
no charges to Join. Box 2799, Call office.
BY Joining Lewis' expedition the Klondike
country can be reached for one-half; new
route; number limited; Investigate this. Room
321, Safe Deposit building. ______
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
LARGE long-haired dog; suitable for Alaska;
a bargain. 130 Seventh st.
GOOD strong dogs, trained tor Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1288 Flllmore at.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs; also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market at.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-413 Jackson at.
DOGS for Klondike: three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific St.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sta.
OCEAN or river steamers, Bailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
LODGI.\t< HOUSES FOII SALE.
KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22 1 ,4 Geary.
Loans made on furniture.
48 rooms; best in city $2,000
26 rooms; Market; a give away •••••• 4ao
23 rooms; all housekeeping; make offer.. .00
20 rooms, near new P. O. : a snap 876
17 rooms, near Plaza; always full CoO
15 rooms, near Market; rent $45 300
14 rooms; Golden Gate; snap. ;-•••• *29
12 rooms; Market; boarding; clears $75.... 6ij
11 rooms; Ninth; clears $50; bonanza 400
10 rooms; Ellis: new and good 300
9 rooms; Leavenworth; nice house lift
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
FOR SALE or exchange— Hotel of 40 com- |
pletely furnished rooms; 2 acres of ground; !
near "San Francisco; don't fall to Investi- j
gate this place. WINSTON & CO.. 646 Mar- j
ket st.
110-ROOM house: clears $330 $6500 j
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100
13 rooms, on O'Farrell; clears $50 500 i
11-room house: sunny corner; fine 600
26 rooms; new and good 800
36 rooms, on Mission .... 1000
82 rooms, on Market; clears $230 2SOO
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
WANTED— for vacant 2S-room house;
cheap rent. 24 Turk St.. or SPECK _ CO.
GOOD transient house for sale; no reasonable
offer refused. Box 2095, Call office.
$200— 13-ROOM house: all full; must be sold;
sickness. 320 Minna st.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT-'stTHAT?^ ' YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in IS9S, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
,1 have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build- ,
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also I
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
The address is 526 Hayes st.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$.". per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and j
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos —
Ronisch $125
Mathusek 150
Augustus Baus & Co 200
Cameron 250
Byron Mauzy 300
' BYRON MAUZY. pianos, 308-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other" musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- i
est. Everything possible done to please and !
satisfy the customer. j
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano SO
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos and the lowest prices are
offered by the Zeno Mauvais Music Co., 769
Market St. : agents fur the celebrated Decker
& Sun pianos.
SOHMER & CC. Byron Mausy, Newhy. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post St.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market St.
HARDMAN. Chase Bros., Steinway and oth-
ers; slightly used; great bargains. Room 12,
Flood building.
UPRIGHT piano for sale; good condition:
, cheap for cash. 915 Post st.
HORNUN'G'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
FINE upright; great bargain. lf> McAllis-
ter St.. next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new seal*: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE,, SO O"Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine, 136 Ellis.
. .. ... _ . S
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & VVOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
FOR SALE — Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects, 55 Flood building.
PETALUMA incubator; 300 capacity; nearly
new; cost $40; sell or exchange for anything
useful. Q., box 1, Call Ornce.
A SMITH Premier Typewriter, nearly new. Ad-
dress box 2809, Call Office. . • • ■ : .
WINDMILL, pump and tank: 8000 gallons;
cheap. 2136 Fifteenth st:, near Market.
FOR — Two fresh calved cows. Apply 115
vtcksDurg St., bet. 23d and 24th.
BARGAIN— Soda fountain, $150; originally
$700. Apply M 3 Diamond St., between Jer-
sey and Twenty-fourth.
NEWFOUNDLAND dog, well trained, for
Klondike, to be sold cheap. 2130 Point Lobos
aye.
- BICTCLE, typewriter and a dress suit; owner
going Fast"; apply evenings. ROSS, «32 Ellis.
GAB engine. 12-horst> power; Oriental No. 4;
centrifugal pump; entrine runs with gasoline,
coal oil. benzine or distillate. Box 2074, Call.
LAUNDRY, machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical; new, Id-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
6CHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
ci i.Mi'LKTE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission Et.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY, Kentucky. '97; bonded warehouse.
San Francisco: 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
S \F7-:S— Tiargnins in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F^
GRAFHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per doz. :
Projectoscope, 1100. Bacigalupl. 953-948 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay St.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
616 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
nciiptionr and want flds taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 14 r . Sixth ft.; phone Mint 45.
CARI'E'. CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WEEN you become disgusted with p<Jbr work
send to SPAULDINO'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 363-57 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jesßle 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Sth St. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J X MITCHBLL Carpet-CleanlnK Co.. 240 14th
Vt.: cleaning. 3c. a yard; tel. Mission <4.
ONKLIN'S Carpet -Be.it ing Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
HOUSE to let; partly furnished; 9 roomB; $45.
727 Ashbury st.
JULIAN AYE., 137. near i ixteonth and Mis-
sion; 7-room bouse and bath; $15.
MCALLISTER, 818 — Sunny house. 8 rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $35.
OAK. 421— Stylish Eastlake residence, 8 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements. $35.
SCOTT, 2030— Modern house. 8 rooms and bath;
nice yard.
TWENTY^THIRD, 27M, near Hampshire — 6
rooms; bath; yard; rent $16.
|B— HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. Apply
Twenty-seventh and Alabama sts.
6- ROOM house, bath and basement. $11; Laurel
aye., neur Turk and Buchanan Bts. HOOKER
& LENT. 14 Post Bt.
$26— HOUSE 5 rooms and bath; large barn;
6 stalls. 120 Clara at. NICOL. 410 Kearny.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR blx months; furnished house; 8 rooms;
marine view. Box 2077, Call office.
MINNA, 713 V* — 4 rooms completely furnished
for housekeeping; ready to move In: cheap.
MODERN, well furnished house of 9 sunny
rooms; large yard and basement. 1709 Mar-
ket st. GEO. W. PATTERSON & CO.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way. near Berkeley Station; $25.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, hot and cold water, $12.
360 Precita aye.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard and basement, $10.
2272 Folsom st.
COTTAGE to let to man and wife. Apply at
808H Union st.
NICE sunny cottage, 6 rooms and bath. 27
Chattanooga st.
SUNNT, modern 7-room cottage; large grounds;
like new; reduced to $18. 3614 Eighteenth st.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard and stable; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
St., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A—s9A — $9 and $10; 3 and 4-room dandy flats.
A— slB; 5 rooms; on Geary st. ; reduced from
$22.
300 other flats, cheap. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market st.
BUCHANAN, 511 A —Sunny corner, five rooms;
reasonable; furniture for sale.
ELEGANT upper flat, 5 large rooms. 335%
Hickory aye. Apply 814 Fell; rent cheap.
ELEGANT sunny flat of 8 rooms. 2019 Sacra-
mento st.
FILBERT, 112S, near Hyde— Sunny C-room
upper flat; bath; fine marine view.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath and modern improve-
ments. 3442 Twentieth St., corner Capp.
ELEGANT top flat; 6 rooms. 1-ath: latest im-
provements. 145 Grove St., n*-ar City Hall.
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FLAT— Twentv-flrst and Valencia sts.; 6
rooms; batTi; suitable for dentist or doctor.
FLAT of 6 rooms: 3 rooms furnished, 3 un-
furnished. 1203 Hush st.
FLATS 5 and 6 rooms; improvements; cellar;
one block Jackson-st. cars. 1135 Pacific St.,
near Jones.
GEART, 1603— Beautiful flat of 8 rooms, bath
and every convenience; rent $30.
JACKSON, Ir. 1 1 . near Larkln -Fine sunny up-
per flat of 6 rooms and bath: $25. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO.. 62K Market Bt.
JESSIE, 522%, n^ar Sixth— Flat of 5 rooms,
bath: tie.
MODERN upper flat; 6 light rooms, basement;
water free. 341 Jersey St. ; Castro and 24th
[ st. cars.
NEW upper 6-room fiat; 1818 Pago St., one
block from Golden Gate Park. __^__^^
j NICE modern flat; every room sunny; 6 rooms
and bath; Guerrero st.. between Fourteenth
j and Fifteenth; Valencia and Guerrero st. cars
handy. Apply to C. B. CAPP & CO., House
Renters and Real Estate Agents, 830 Market.
SCOTT, 2038, corner Sacramento — Modern flat,
8 rooms, attic; reasonable.
SINN'Y corner flat, 5 rooms. 517; inside flat,
with bath, 115; newly painted and papered;
corner Twelfth and Folsom BtS. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
SIANY flat of 7 rooms and bath. 2911 Cali-
fornia st. ; rent $35.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2727, near Dolores— Flat of
5 rooms; bath; in good order; $15.
UPPER flat :i large rooms; chicken yard: $8.
32 Powell aye., near Twenty-eighth Bt.
I $151 — Two nice sunny flats; 4 and 5 rooms; bath;
yard; no objection to children. 271S McAllis-
ter St.. near park.
$11 AND HO—Upper and lower flats, I and 4
rooms. 3. r > Moss st.. off Howard, nr. Seventh.
113— NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath; gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$13— NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$13 50 — UPPER flat; 5 sunny rooms, bath; mod-
trn. 11 Kingston nve., nr. 80th and San Jose.
; $l« Klne sonny flat of 6 rooms and bath. 2124
[ OFarrell st.
i $13— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat:
modern; large lot; garden. 4073 Twenty- third
st., few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms:
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
HOCSEKKKI'INU ROOMS.
EDDY, 60S -Sunny suite of parlors; light
housekeeping and large sunny room.
EDDY, 62S— Parlor floor, 3 elegantly furnished
| sunny housekeeping rooms; bath and gas; pri-
vate family; nice neighborhood; references.
EDDY, 915— Two or 4 unfurnished or furnished
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room, $5.
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GOLDEN GATE, 311— Sunny alcove double
front rooms; housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, — 1 or 2 rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; rent low.
HOWARD, 732— Large room furnished for
housekeeping; rent low.
IVY, 124—2 furnished front rooms for light
housekeeping; large yard.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms; single, $4.
JESSIE, 865, near Fifth and Market— 2 sunny
housekeeping rooms. •
LARKIN, 320— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping apartments; central.
MCALLISTER, 422—2 or 3 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas range.
MINNA, 31&— 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. _
MINNA, Large sunny kitchen and bed-
room; single or suite; rent cheap.
NATOMA, 677 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10: 2 for $7.
I NATOMA. 701, cor. Eighth— 3 furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
NINTH, — Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping, $11 mo.; plngle, $5 up; water and gas.
OAK, 111— Nice sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping: rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Bay-window
kitchen, gas stove. $12; other suites cheap.
PACIFIC. Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; fine grounds.
POLK, E22— Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or single; rent cheap.
MISSION 925%— 2 completely furnished sunny
rooms; housekeeping ■ exclusive; bath; porch.
RUSB, 116, near Sixth— Large front room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 205— Two sunny unfurnished front
rooms; running water; $9.
SUNNY unfurnished rooms; marine view; %l.
21C6 Chestnut st.
BUTTER, 2620—3 rooms, washtubs, use of
both; furniture of kitchen and bedroom for
sale if desired.
THIRD, 309—2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping, $7; other rooms.
TWELFTH, 145. cor. Howard — Sunny furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, — 3 or 4 sunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; bay-window.
WILLOW, 30, off Larkln, bet. Eddy and Ellis—
Large light housekeeping room, with two
: closets and bath.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. :■■■.■.■
BOOMS TO LET.
ALTON, 204 McAllister Lovely sunny large
front and single rooma; $6 mo. up; bath; gas.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Pout— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlenuui; reference* given.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
BOND, 16— Nicely furnished front room for 1
or 2 gentlemen.
BUSH, 72 s — Sunny bay-window rooms; rent
reasonable.
CENTRAL House. 52 2d— Good family & single
rms.: day, 25. 50c; wk.. $1 20, $2 aO; mo., $5 up.
DELAWARE, ll."l Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $S and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY US— Sunny, clean rooms, $6; housekeep-
ing suite cheapj_qulet house.
EDDY 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to <6: families.
ELLIS 639. cor. Larkin— Bay-window alcove;
mantel, gas, bath; gents preferred.
FOURTH 222Vi— N' cc furnished rooms, single
and double. $1 upward.
FRANKLIN 201 > : U'-r Fell— An elegant new-
ly furnished modern sunny room for 2. $S mo.
FULTON 833— Two unfurnished front rooms
with board. The Mlzpah.
QEARY, 618 — Large sunny bay-window room,
light housekeeping suite and single room.
GEARY, 774—2 large furnished sunny parlors
in quiet private family.
GROVE, 21S Neatly furnished front room, one
or 2 gents, $.*> to $7.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; Jl_so to $6 per week.
HAVES 668— 1" lovely sunny connecting rooms,
$1S; single, $10, $7. J4. housekeeping if desired.
HOWARD, 716, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny readlngj-oom; 25c up.
HOWARD, S2l- Furnished r.»oms from $1 up;
also 2 housekeeping: rent S2 2c^
HOWARD ••■ v : < By l!av - weeK or month; 25c,
30c, 75c and §1 per day; $5 to $15 per month.
JONES 1705, near Broadway— 4 nlco sunny
rooms'; grand marine view; rent $13.
KEARNY, 215— Newly furnished suites; also
single rooms; first door.
MARKET, 1205— Sunny corner, nicely furnish-
ed rooms; clay, week or month: reasonable.
MCALLISTER. MS Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MINNA~667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, n a week.
MISSION 19261 9 26— Sunny, complete housekeeping
suite; with piano $14 mo., without $12; bath,
gas, water.
NATOMA, 282. near Fourth— 2 or 3 unfurnishtd
rooms. ■■ -
NEAT furnished room, {4. 450 Minna st.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 50
to $4 50 week. $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping^ - .
O'FARRELL, 635^— Large front room, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for 2, $S per month.
O\K 22- Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.-
POWELL. 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL. — Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, Unfurnished sunny bay-
window room in private family.
SILVER STATE. 16-18 Mason— European ; ele-
gant rooms; suite or single; day, week or
month: baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator. __;
STOCKTON, 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
BUTTER, 407, near Stockton— furnished
rooms, $6 each.
SITTER. 715-717-719, and 609 Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
BUTTER, 791 (Sutherland Hotel)— Nice sunny
rooms: suites or single; elevator; moderate.
TAYLOR, 407—2 well furnished sunny rooms,
with fireplace.
BOARDING VM) ROOMS. ' /
COLUMBIA^^SQUARE, . 24, opp. Folsom-st.
Park— Board and room, $18; references.
FOLSOM. Ell— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $.". pi week; nice location.
GEARY, 460 — Elegant modern sunny rooms and
first-class board; reasonable; references.
HYDE, Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON.
O'FARRELL, Sl6— Modern sunny rooms with
flrst-chvss table board private family; ref.
SOUTH PARK. Good table board, $3 per
week, with. nice sunny front room. $4 week.
TURK, 812— Nice room two gentlemen; bath;
gas; grate; board; private family; $35.
VAN NESS — Beautiful sunny rooms:
southern exposure; building new: all mod-
ern conveniences: newly furnished: elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. Apply at SOS
Van Ness aye. ' ; '-; ■.":- .
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WIDOW having her own home would : like the
care of a baby; mother's care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS, Antloch. Cal.
SI MMER RESORTS.
HOTEL Mount View now open to visitors, for
guests April 1; conveyance will meet the 11:30
(•'dock boat from city at Ross. For terms
and particulars address MISS HITCHINSON.
Ross, Marln County.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER gmcery; fixtures complete; 3 rooms;
brt'-k basement. Northeast corner Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
HOWARD, 1862— Store to let; 2 living rooms;
rent cheap.
STORE, with rooms, 2-.M6 Mission st. : occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store;
near school.
ST A ISLES TO IKT.
STABLE, with office und large lot, to lease:
suitable for contractor, milkman, sale stable.
etc.: on Fifteenth st.. betw i tiuerrero and
Dolores. Apply to C. s. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
STALLS and large barn to let 457 Tehama
street.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quirk cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister st. ; pills. $2.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care" and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, fl.
MRS. T 'lt- WEYTH, »M Post st.. nr. Larkin.
DRB. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from Whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled' lf> years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYKR. 22' i Turk st.
BTJRB euro, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used; cure at of-
fice $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DX.
AND MRS. KOHL. 1119 Market st.
A BOON to ' wives and mothers— Seguro : price
1150. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. send
2c stamp for particulars to Sp^uro Manu-
facturing Co.. .531. X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 60;
express COD.; don delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. sr.|i.. Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eth St.. Alameda.
CIS LAHK lN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scription* nrt<l want ads tftkpn.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
FINE house for sale. .■
An elegantly furnished house of ten rooms,
complete in every | detail, with all modern
' Improvements: situated in the most beautiful
part cf the city, with a perfect marine view,
a great bargain for a cash buyer: rents now
for $100. -Address HENRY GROOAN. - box
£137. Call Office. ■ -.-.'■-
TYPEWBIIEUS. ■..■ •■ .■
YOST, good order, $25; send, for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery, st. „ * ;. .
ELEVENTH. . 106— Branch "of nee of The -Call;
•übscrlptions and want ads taken. - ,
CITY IIF. .L ESTATE.
$800 — FOR sale — Great bargain; Improved lot In
warm belt of Mission: half cash; balance on
time. Address box 2513. Call office.
BARGAIN — Handsome new 2-story 6-room cot-
tage: very sunny; fine view; 1114 Oreen st. ;
easy terms. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
$15,000: renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 2495.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
JiONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
rurniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market .-t ; tel. Gr.-.-r. 204.
$5 T T P to any amount on hidorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOt'GAN & CO., 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; 125 up;
private party. BONNELU, 130 Powell at.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth ft., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. R«d 1121: established 1869.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 32S Montgomery st.
ANY sum, Ist or 2.1 mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, SOS California St.
$60 TO $60,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and M mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON' pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister St.
SIXTH. 10— Moat reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry.
Z?:< HAVES ST. -Branch office of '^he Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FINANCIAL,.
LOANS m renl estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. Me A FEE BROS.. K'S Montgomery St.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. : private rooms.
MONEY WANTED.
$1000— Wanted in manufacturing business: 5000
shares of stock; security. 1309 Broadway,
Oakland.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: painless extracting
free; we make a specialty of crown and
bridge work; crowns. $3 50: fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
rices are always the lowest in town. Pa-
cific Dental Parlor, IS Third St.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, J5 up; silver
fillings, 2:.c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth: "Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
plates, $5: gold filling, 75c up; silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up; open evenings and
Sundays. 569 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: trading 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
. Ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 908 to
813 Market st., Academy of Sciences building.
rooms 30. 31 and 32. fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE.~A.~CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL. work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, IMI Polk st.
615 LARKIN Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and n-nnt ads taken.
HOUSES.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, City.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, ■ buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. STIT.TiTV AN * r>OYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
NEW three can milk wagon; one light deliv-
ery wagon. 1370 Turk st. -^^
CHEAP; fruit wagon, horse and harness; neat
outfit. s2t'i Hampshire st.
SECOND-HAND wagons for sale cheap. 1013
Harrison st.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
' buggy: also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
______
PROPOSALS.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Feb. 23, IS9B— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, San Diego
Barracks, Cal.. until 11 o'clock a. m., March
2">, lsi'S, and then opened, for furnishing wood
and coal tor Alcatrax Island, Angel Island,
Fort Baker, Renicia Barracks, Fort Mason,
Presidio of San Francisco, Ban Diego Bar-
racks and San Francisco, Cal., during fiscal
year commencing July l. i*:>v Government
reserves right to reject or accept any and
all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of quality und price (Including in the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
being equal, an. i such preference given to
articles of American production produced on
Pacific '"oast to extent of consumption re-
ij"ir.><i by the put. lie service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to Quartermaster
at San Diego Barracks, or to undersigned.
Envelopes containing proposals should be in-
dorse] "Proposals for wood <or coal)." and
addressed to said Quartermaster, or to jAt3.
11 MOORE, Assistant Quartermaster-Gen-
eral. V. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
PLANS and ■peclflcatlons invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office, Board of Super-
visors San Francisco, Marco U, 1838.
in accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Hoard of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, lSi>S, between the huurs of 2:30
and 3 o'clock.
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable in the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Hoard of Health describe! as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated OH the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almahouse
Tract " and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almsshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence due west live hundred and fifty (500)
feet" thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-live CWS) feet to the southerly line of
the said Alrnshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Alms-
hojse Tract five hundred and fifty (SM) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand <|3ih>. uou) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
b NOTK ; E- Architects will prepare and" sub-
mit with their plnns and specifications for
said hospital buildup an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
cuiring eight (B) hours to constitute a day'a
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
<S2> dollars per day. for persons employed on
paid building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will he enter-
tained or considered of buildlnga the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
ard specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the ense may be, to insure the
completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost ns made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
und fourth in merit will receive premiums of
JlOnO, $7r.0 and $."iOO respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied In the plans
ndopted may be «sf>d without further cist or
charge. JN'O. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
COINTRY REAL ESTATE.
A RAR2 chance for Investment: near-by prop-
erty—For sale, luu acres valuable land in the
favored locality of San Lorenzo, Alameda
County; superior vegetable land, producing
on an average about 150 sacks per acre per
annum of first-class potatoes, -Belling at from
75 to 100 per cent more than most potatoes
sold in San Francisco: the soil Is deep, rich
alluvial, possessed of the qualities required to
produce first quality potatoes, of which there
is so little land convenient to San Francisco;
the regular price per sack has been for years
$1 on the ground, and often higher. Now the
owner is delivering at the wharf. San Fran-
cisco, at $1 10 per 100 pounds. There can be
no drought or flood by reasons apparent on
visiting the property; located close to railroad
and water shipment. This land will also
grow sugar beets in great yield, the railroad
tracks running into the Alvarado sugar
works. This land Is on tho market to be sold
and will be. It only remains to be seen who
will be the fortunate purchaser. For price,
terms and location call on ALBERT E.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st.
A FINK property and bargain; M acres hlphly
cultivated dark valley loam: fenced; 20 acres
.bearing orchard: finely shaded residence.
. barn, etc.; abundance of water; price $3500; 3
miles by sprinkled county road from Napa.
Also finely improved 16-acre place, with
stocks, tools, etc.. adjoining above for $1650.
N. D. SICKLES, the Land Agent,
14 A Geary St., near Chronicle building, city.
$4000— LOT 50x100: house 8 rooms and bath:
2 blocks from cars; in Palo Alto; $500 cash.
OEO. W. H. PATTERSON, 1709 Market.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara County,
bet. Stanford University and Mountain View,
within 1 mile of May field; house of 7 rooms
a,nd 2 cottaeres of 4 rooms; garden, orchard,
etc. : will rent low for lor 3 years to suitable
tenant. Apply to C. S. CAPi- & CO., Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
FOR sale, exchange or rent— New 4-room cot-
tage; bath; stable; lot 50x140; 45 minutes from
city. Apply Grocery, 126 Guerrero st.
FOR sale— l 3") acres: fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendooino Count" consisting of the NE.
Vi of SW. H of Sec. 31, township 14 N., range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarro. Cal.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
.M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co., CaL
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa kits and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city; cottage? for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST «XV . 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN — Neat cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
high basement; large lot; location. West St.,
near Seventeenth, the best In Oakland; only
a lew minutes' walk to broad and narrow
gauge locals and near City Hall and churches;
price $2000 if taken soon. A. J. SAMUEL &
i'<>.. 4-;s Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOUR special bargains In new houses just
completed, ranging in price from $1800 to
?|i""; they are Ideal homes, with the latest
design and improvements; near local stations,
car lines, schools, etc.; must be sold at once;
be sun- and examine these properties be-
fore purchasing; photographs and special de-
scriptions as to location will be mailed free
of charge. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
FRIITVALK REAL ESTATE.
A RARE chance for a good home In the Uni-
versity town; a seven-room house, nearly
Dew; close to Berkeley station: price only
$1650; terms $23."> down, remainder with 8 per
cent intere.-t. payable in $18 monthly pay-
ments. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St..
H.-rkr-U'V.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40S
Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ItKKKI 1.1.\ REAL ESTATE.
RARE chance in the University town; best
northeast comer on Bancioft way: lot 78x120:
elegant 8-room cottage home, nearly new;
han.l frescoed: electric lights; porcelain bath:
everything first-class; yard set with choice
plants: nice ass >rtment of fruit trees and
berries. Owner leaving town. Call or ad-
dress M. L. WUUTS. Seventeenth st. and
lima. '.way. Wurtz block, Oakland.
EDUCATIONAL.
HE ALP'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892: catalogue.
A.TRES" Business College, 723 Market st.-
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $"i 0: low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing-, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
ost. 1864. VAN DER NAILEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, KG Market st.
WEBSTER, 21"7V- Piano teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
MRS. FRIEDHEIiG. voice culture; 50c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell St.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.: VU positions in '»f.: 103 In '97.
! BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day, nit-ht; jr. mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate; French.
Planish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor St.
! 61S LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
~ BIRTHS— MARRIAOES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
j and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
■ BECK— In this city, March 19, 1898, to the wife
of J. V. Beck Jr.. a daughter.
; HERLITZ— In Berkeley. March 4. 1898, to the
wife of C. F. Herlltz, a daughter.
HF.LSHY— In San Jose. March IS, 1898, to the
trlfe of T..'o li.-ishy. a son.
LASHKLL— In Wheatland, March 15. 1898, to
the wife of W. S. Lashell, a daughter.
MOTLE— At Rawhide, March 16, 1898, to the
wife of Joe Moyle, a son.
MARRIED.
QUEROLO— GARAVANTI— In San Andreas,
March It, 1898, by Fiither O'Reily. David
Querolo and Carrie Garavanti. both of Mo-
kelumne Hill.
WIULE— GOODWIN— In Sonora, March 16.
ls'.s. by the Rev. A. H. Croco. Charles P.
Wible and Margaret W. Goodwin, both of
San Mateo County.
DIED.
de Andrels. Arthur Leithner. Clarence M.
BOPt, Frances Lycett, James
Bliss. Mar)' M. Lawlor, Terrence
Boots, Fredericka McLeod. Daniel
Brookes, Margaret McNamara. Margaret
Colvln. Catherine Mayer, Louisa
Curry, George M. Moore, Justin
Davis, Robert F. O'Connor. Rev. C.
Dun. James A. Porgrln, W. D.
Drum. Courtland F. Phillips, Andrew
Downey, Timothy J. Rogers, Owen
Dromey, Ellen Ramsell. George
. Evans, Ellen Rea.le. James E.
Egan, Peter Schlueter. Mrs. M.
Gunn. Felix E. Snell. Julia R.
Hallnhan. Thomas Shaw. Walter S.
Holsworth. Gertrude Washington, Harriet
Hobson, Celia Wolters, Henry
Hughes. Patrick
DE ANDREIS— In this city, March 19, 189S,
Arthur Cyril, beloved son of Cosmo and
Minnie de Andreis, a native of San Francisco,
aped 5 years and 2 months.
CTThe funeral will take place this da>
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 10 Vai.eiewater street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
}!, iST— In this city, March 20, I!>PR, Frances,
beloved wife of Jacob Host, and mother of
Mrs. Fleming, a native of North Carolina,
aped n years 7 months and 6 days.
fj-7-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from Holly Park
Presbyterian Church, corner of California
avenue and Lizzie street. Interment Cypress
Uwn Cemetery.
BLISS— In Oakland, March 19, 1S!>8, Mary M.,
only daughter of John A. and Elizabeth A.
1?11s=r. a native of Kansas, aged 24 years S
months fin.l 20 days.
[TTFrlcndp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 516 Twenty-seventh street,
Oakland. Interment strictly private.
]ii M >TZ— ln Santa Clara County. Cal., March
10, W*. Frederlcka, beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. A. Bootz. and beloved sister of
Adam J- B«<>tz. Mrs. H. Krelinff. Misa M.
Bootz and Miss Theresa Bootz, a native of
San Francisco, a^cnl 36 years and 9 months.
jm<>e>KES— ln Ukiah, March 18, IHB, Mar-
garet, sister of the late Samuel M. Brookes,
artist, a native of England, asred "2 years.
The funeral services will be held
this day > Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the rooms
of X. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street. In-
terment private.
COLVIN— In this city. March 19, 189S, Cath-
erine, wife of the late John J. Colvin. and
mother of Edward. John, William, Charles,
Kuimn, Clara and Albert Colvin, a native of
Bro klyn. N\ V.. ap»M 4S years.
t?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue thence
to St. Francis Church, where services will be
held. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
CURRY— In this city. March 19, 1898, Georps
Milton, beloved son of Therese and the late
Frank Curry, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years.
DAVIS —In Claremont. Alameda County,
March 19, IS9B, Robert F., beloved husband of
Delia A. Davis, son of James and Maria
liavis. and brother of William T., James H.,
Mary E. and Carrie W. Davis, a native of
California, aged 40 years 3 months and 11
days.
CJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Claremont avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem masi
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
DUN— In London, Ohio, March 19. 1898. James
Angus, brother of R. G. Dun of New York
OAd Mrs. Jay Lugsdin of ft>an Francisco.
DRUM— In this city. March 20. IS9S. Courtland
F.. beloved husband of Caroline M. Drum, a
native of Pine Plains, Dutchess County, N.
V.. aged 67 years.
DOWXKY- In this city. March 20, 1898. Timo-
thy J., beloved husband of Carrie Downey,
father of George and Timothy Downey, and
brother of Mrs. P. Connolly, a native of
England, aged 33 years.
DROMEY-In this city. March 20. 1898. Ellen,
beloved wife of the late Michael Dromey.
s:*t>.-r of Mary Reilly, sister-in-law of Alex-
ander Cambernous, and aunt of Mrs. G.
Laujardiere, a native of the parish of Kll-
lene. County Cavan. Ireland, aged 34 years.
(UTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 972 Folsom street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EVANS— In this city. March 20. IS9B. Ellen.
beloved wife of Robert H. Evans, daughter
of Michael Curley, and sister of Mrs. Owen
Kelly, George and James Curley. Mrs. H.
Heusman and Lizzie Cooey of Stockton. Cal..
a native of Vallejo, Cal.. aged 34 years.
EGAN— In this city, March 19, 1898, Peter, be-
loved husband of Annie A. Egan, and father
of John J.. Mamie E., Eugene P., Annie.
Kittle and Gertie Egan, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 63 years.
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1105 Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GUNN— A month's mind requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Felix E. Gunn at St. Patrick's Church
this day (Monday), at 8 o'clock. Friends
are invited to attend.
HALLAHAN— In this city, March 19, 1898,
Thomas X., beloved husband of Mary A.
Hallahan. and father of Mrs. C. Ives and
Mrs. L. Bacon, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged H years.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 660 Minnesota street, Potrero. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
HOLSWORTH— In this city. March 80. 189 R.
Gertrude Irene, dearly beloved daughter of
Edward J. and Mac L. Holsworth. sister of
Eddie and the late Raymond Holsworth. and
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Hols-
worth and Mr. and Mrs. John M. O'Connell of
San Diego, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 months and 10 days.
HOBSOX— In thW city, March 19. 1895. Celia,
wife of J. W. Hobson, a native of Boston.
M;u«s.
HUGHES— In Napa, March 18. 1898. Patrick,
husband of Kitty Hughes, and brother of
Mrs. James Smith, a native of Ireland, aged
47 years.
LEITHNER— At Demond. Frultvale. March 20,
ISPS, Clarence Mason, youngest son of Fr>'d
and Belle I^lthner, a native of Frultvale,
aged 6 months.
LYCETT— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of James Lycett, son of Annie and John Ly-
cett, at St. Joseph's Church to-morrow
(Tuesday), commencing at 9 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend.
LAWLOR- At Creston Station. Napa County,
March 18, 1898, Terrence. beloved brother of
Thomas. Daniel and John I^awlor, Mrs. M.
Horan and the late Mrs. John Madigan, a
native of County Kerry, Ireland, aeed 50
years.
McLEOD— In this city. March 19, 1898. Daniel,
dearly beloved husband of Bridget McLeod,
father of Mamie and Daniel McLeod. step-
father of Mrs. Aggie Edwards. Mrs. Julia
Edwards and John McKenna, and grand-
father of Mabel Edwards, a native of Mel-
port, Scotland, aged 52 years 4 months and
21 days.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 31^ Folsom street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church. Fremont and Harrison streets,
for services nt 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RIGGERS' AND STEVEDORES' UNION
Ass. K-iatlon— Notice: Funeral detail from
Joseph Eaves to John Hanratty will assem-
ble at their hall this day (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock, to pay the last tribute of respect to
our late brother. Daniel McLeod. By order
ALEX. CAMPBELL. President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Sec.
F. of A. — Officers and members of Court Gold-
en Era No. 36. F. of A. : You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother. D. McLeod, from his late residence.
318 Folsom street, at 10:80 o'clock sharp this
day (Monday). By order
M. LEVY, F. S. E. F. MEYER, C. R.
McNAMARA— In this city. March 20. 1898, at
her residence. ESI Howard street. Marparet
McNamara, beloved mother of Katy, John.
James, Mary and Nellie McNamara, a native
of Knockhay, County Limerick, Ireland, aged
52 years.
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
MAYER— In this city, March 20, 1898, Louisa,
beloved wife of George Mayer, and mother
of Fred G., Andrew, William and Adolph
Mayer and Mrs. Thomas W. Wall, a native
of Germany, aged 61 years 2 months and 21
days
MOORE— In this city, March 20, 1898, Justin
Moore, aged 80 years.
O'CONNOR— Friends of the iate Rev. Corne-
lius O'Connor of I'kiah. CaL, are respectfully
invited to attend the month's mind this day
(Monday), at St. Peter's Church. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
PERGRIN— In this city. March 18, IS9i>. W. D.
Pergiin, a native of England, aged 27 years.
PHILLIPS— In the City and County Hospital,
March 20, 1898, Andrew Phillips, a native of
Scotland, aged 6* years.
ROGERS— In this city, March 19. IS9B, Owen.
beloved husband of Susan Rogers, and be-
loved father of Thomas and Joseph Rogers
and Mrs. Frank Powers, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged 69 years 7 months and
12 days. (Cambridge, Mass., papers pleasa
C °£jr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 531 Jersey street, between Diamond
and Douglass, thence to St. Paul's Church,
whore a solemn requiem mass will be sele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery-
UAMSELL— In Irvlngton, March 19. 1898,
George beloved son of William and Mary A.
Ramsell, a native of Mission San Jose, aged
2fl years 6 months and 10 days.
READE— In this city. March 20. IS9B. James
Emmet Infant son of James Emmet and
May Reade, a native of Ean Francisco, aged
io days.
SCHLUETER— March 19, 1898. Mrs. Marie
Schluetor beloved wife of Edward, mother
of Christine, Minnie, Sophie. Rudolph. Carl,
Edward W.. Lottie and Robert and Mrs. R.
Leo Van der Naillen, and sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam Ehrenpfort, a native of Baltimore. Md.,
aged ."7 years and 11 months. (Baltimore pa-
pers please copy).
IHTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the (funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2M6 Howard street, iear Twenty-first,
thence by electric funeral car. leaving corner
of Guerrero and Eighteenth streets at 11
o'clock sharp, to Cypress »Lawn Cemetery,
where the remains will be "-remated. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
SNELL— In Oakland, March 20, 1898, Julia
Ritchie, wife nf Richard R. SiMll, and mother
of Mariedna, Richard A., Henry F. and Mar-
garet R- Snell, a native of •Searsport. Me.
SHAW— In this city. March f>. IS9B, Walter 8.
Shaw, a native of Vermont, aged 35 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the raneral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, tjt Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WASHINGTON— In this cltj| March 18, 1898,
Harriet Ann. relict of tlje late Thornton
Washington, a native Of Rlc.fimond, Va., aged
77 years.
Friends and acquaintances ■ are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral -tnis day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the First M. E.
Church. Powell street, near Washington. • In-
terment . Masonic Cemetery.
WOLTERS— Henry, husband of Belle .Wolters,
son of Mrs. D. P. Walter, and brother of
Mrs. H. Melsel, Charles and Antone Wolters
and Mrs. J. Galvln. aged 28 years 10 months
and 9 days. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27,
A. O. D. W.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are ■ respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
* dence. 246 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
• streets, where a solemn requitm mass will b«.'
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. ' . ■ • •
- McAVOY"&"GALLAGHER!"^^ri
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &. EMBALMERS I
17lcAVOY"&"GALLAGHE lß^^^^l R^^^^
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBSS |
20 I'IFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. j
■
| H. B. m'avoy. Manager. " - |
1 /WcfW/OY' «fc CO., I
i I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
McflVOY «fc CO., \
FUNERAL DIKKCTORS AND EMBALMER3. I
1 • 1235 Market St.. between Bth and ytb, I
I I^^^^^jelepßone^^South^r^^^^l
.....■-■ -, •■:■■-".-" - '-~ .■ j--" &■■-
910
METERS THAT
PLUNDER THE
UNSUSPECTING
How Electric Light
Companies Wax
Unduly Fat.
Consumers Made the Vic
tims of a Conscience
less Device.
Mechanical Contrivances That
Will Cheat Without Human
Agency.
CANNOT BE MADE HONEST
One Company Forced to Make Res
titution to the Palace Hotal of
a Largo Sum.
Do you use electricity for light or
P °lf so you will do well to keep close
watch on the meter which tells the com
pany how much to charge you, for it is
a tricky little Instrument and as erratic ,
as a lovelorn maiden. Left to its own ;
devices it will play the most fantastic i
tricks with the indicator, such as register
ing a less quantity than is actually used ;
when only a few burners are lighted, :
while with a large number turned on it .
will register anywhere from 10 to 60 per
cent more than it ought to.
With such a bare-faced little fraud ;
plundering consumers unaided, it is easy j
to imagine what It is capable of doing
with a little friendly assistance. This as- ;
sistance may be any one of a hundred i
influences. For instance, one pole of a
strong magnet will greatly decrease its
speed, but the other pole, if brought in
close proximity, will start it off at a rec- i
ord-breaking gait. An old file, a length
of pipe, or even a wire left lying close i
to the meter will be the means of adding
10 or 20 per cent to the bill.
In short, the mechanical electric meter
is so thoroughly disreputable that it could j
not be honest if it tried. This statement
may sound rather strong, but it has the
Indorsement of no less an authority than
H. N. Sessions, expert for the Gas Con
sumers' Association, who says, in the ■
course of an article on the Watt meter in
the Journal of Electricity of August, 1597:
•'One point about the Watt meter, and,
perhaps, not the least in the favor of
the campanies selling light and power,
is the very small percentage fast that
their meter would have to record on large
loads to discount a large percentage slow,
and even the stoppage of the meter, on
small loads. For example, a meter read- .
ing 5 per cent fast on 600 lamps burning
for one hour, would discount an error of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CORNER SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS.
THERE 13 A POINT
On the downgrade of Quality where CHEAPNESS CEASES TO BE ECONOMY.
We never cross this line. We meet all price competition, re-enforced with the best
quality made.
Four carloads of Furniture consigned to us arrived in badly damaged condition.
The owner offered them to us at our own price. It was a tempting offer, fora liberal dose
of varnish covers a multitude of sin. We rejected the whole lot. As a business concern
we cherish nothing higher than the full confidence of our customers, for, as Lord
Chatham says, "perfect confidence is a plant of slow growth, but its bloom is beautiful
indeed." We bend all our efforts to keep the flowers intact and their fragrance unim-
paired. We trust that we have done so.
FURNITURE BARGAINS.
A
DARING
TABLE
SALE.
/~1 1-* L— •
TERRIFIC
SELLING SURE
TO FOLLOW.
* 'if? <
DINING TABLE.
(olid oak, 6 legs, full extension, like
cut.. $5.75
'^ W
CHIFFONIER.
«oiiu Oak, polished top, 18 by 33 Inches,
- height 55 inches $5.75
One of those unmatchable bargains you
ftnly find at Pattosien's.
ALL ROADS LEAD XO PATTOSIEN'S.
50 per cent slow on ten lamps burning
Sl "One ir %ay ask why the companies
rely on meters that are liable to
register slow as well as fast— in other
words, cheat them as well as' the con
sumers? This is easily answered. A me
ter is apt to register slow only when
a few lamps are burning, as. for instance,
in the day time when the company s em
ploye comes around to examine the me
ter to determine the amount of your bill,
or the meter man comes to test It. 1 nen
a limited number of lamps will be used.
But at night. wTien all your ineandes
cents. as well as your arc »&hts. are
blazing away, the little machine In the
basement is doing business for the com
pany with the greatest fidelity.
Mr Sessions states that there is no
mechanical meter, and in the very nature
of things never will be one that is abso
lutely correct, that is within one per
cent of cornet, while none of those now
in use are within three or four pe r ■cent
of being correct. The only absolutely
correct method of registering electricity,
he say«. the old ztiic-copper-chemical
meter) but that is so expensive the com
panies have abandoned it for others
There are three mechanical meters
used by the companies in this city, the
Scheffe'r. Thomson and Schellenber all of
which register the watts used by a dial.
The Thomson is the meter most Kenerally
used and is fully : .s accurate as either of
the others, which need not be constroed
as a strong recommendation of us \ir
tues. Some of the largest consumers in
the city have, by experience, earned of
Its vagaries, with the result that ttre>
employ their <>wn experts t.» test the me
ters and compel the companies to strike
with the Palace
Hotel, which is the '•' ! 'K t "f!, l ind j vidu . al^^
sumer in town. The bills for l'f h " n «
that hostelry with electricity will foot
up $30 000 a year, n sum that warrants
the keeping of careful watrh on the met
er^ There are thirteen used to register
the number of watts consumed, each at
tached to a different circuit. For several
rears the hotel management operated its
own electric light plant, but with the
starting up of competing companies tne
cost was rerluc.-.i. until it was deemed
advisable to buy electricity. The hotel
employs an expert electrician, who s
constantly inspecting the meters and his
tests are invariably compared with those
of the company's expert. Frequently
Mr Sessions has been called upon by the
management to assist its expert, .and
their figures have, at times, shown a
startling discrepancy from those of the
company's employe. The result has been
some big reductions in the bills, the
largest being that of last October, when
the company allowed a rebate of between
$1100 and $1200 on what it claimed.
This, and numerous other rebates, were
allowed without any protest, on the part
of the company, probably because it
knows that the hotel people are thor
oughly familiar with electricity and the
peculiarities of the meters, and conse
quently cannot be imposed upon. But
with smaller consumers, who do not em
ploy their own expert and rely entirel;
upon the employes of the various com
panies, the case is different, and com
plaints are daily occurrences.
One such case is that of the Orpheum
Theater, whose bills for lighting ran up
to such proportions, that recently it was
deemed advisable to change from one
company to another, with the result that
the bills showed an immediate decrease
of $30 to $40 each month.
But the wickedness of these meters
could be dwelt upon for an indefinite time,
and for the benefit of the victims of their
criminal work The Call will refer to them
again.
AGED CYCLIST INJURED.
Albert Smidt, Foreman of the West
ern Sugar Refinery. Hurled
From His Wheel.
Albert Smidt, 50 years of age, and fore
man of the Western Sugar Refinery, w-as
badly injured about 5 o'clock last even
ing by falling from his bicycle. He was
trying to descend the hill on Alvarado
street, near Douglass, when lie lost con
; trol of his bicycle and shot down the
grade with great speed. V>"hen near the
bottom his front wheel struck an ob
1 struction and he was hurled to the
. ground. Officer Anderson called a patrol
; wagon and removed him to his home at
Solid oak 8-foot Extension Table, worth I
$15 00; sale price $8.00 I
25 patterns of Extension Tables, pome in :
8, some in 10, and some 12 feet lengths;
to be closed out at half factory t
prices. j
Solid oak Cane Seat Dining Chairs, worth f
$140; for $1.00 i
Solid oak box seat Dining Chair, with
cane seat; worth $2 25; for $1.50
Oak and Imitation Mahogany Hanging
Hall Mirrors, with bevel French plate i
glass, 3 double hooks; worth $7 00;
for $4.75
1 lot handsome Parlor Tables, 24-inch top, ;
twisted leg, with lower shelf in quarter-
sawed oak, mahogany finish and old |
English oak; regular price $7 50; sale
price $3.50
S solid Mahogany Colonial Pattern Li-
brary Tables 28 by 48 inch top; worth
$30 00; to close at .$17.50 ;
$28 00 — Very handsome Combination Dpsks !
and Book Cases, made of fine quarter-
■awed oak; special sale price $13 75
$12 00 — Ladies' Desks, in quarter-sawed
oak, mahogany finish and birdseye
maple, beautiful, dainty and artistic lit-
tle desks at the specially low price
of $6.75
$15 00— Book Cases, in good quality, quar-
ter-sawed oak, well polished and finished,
size 5 feet high by 30 inches wide; sale
price 57.25
We will place on sale to-morrow morn-
ing a lot of sample Book Cases, in oak ,
and mahogany finish. Many excellent
bargains will be found In this lot. Prices
from $7.25 up |
PARLOR FURNITURE-
S9S 00 Parlor Suit, finely Inlaid, latest i
style upholstering; sale price $<V-J.oO
$6T> 00 Parlor Suit, handsomely inlaid, im-
ported silk damask coverings; sale
price $37. 50
$45 00 Parlor Suit, hand carved and as- :
sortment of coverings; sale prices 24.7 < 5
COUCHES AND BED LOUNGES-
SIO 00 Corduroy Couches $6.50
$14 00 Imported Velour Couches £7.65
$18 00 French Tapestry Couches.... $12.50
$28 00 Library Couches $18. OO
$33 00 Heavy Tapestry Couches $22. 00
$36 00 Rare Pattern Tapestry
Couches $25. OO
Our own reliable make. Sal© on the '
second floor.
DRESSERS AND CHIFFONIERS-
Full swell front all quartered Oak Dress- ;
ers. oval French plate mirror; the $20 00 .
kind; at $1^.75 !
Solid Oak Dressers, large bevel mirror, j
worth $12 50; special price $8.75
A $35 00 Birdseye Maple Dresser, large
French plate mirror; at $22.50
All Quartered Oak Chiffoniers, worth |
$9 50; the best value we have yet shown; i
special price 1.8.V45 i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAKL, MONDAY, MARCH 21, 1898.
120 Clipper street. Dr. T. V. Hughes at
tended the injured man and found he had
sustained numerous scalp wounds, neces
sitating fifteen stitches. He also suffer
ed several small cuts in the face and
many bruises about the body. It is feared
he has been internally injured.
Personal Mention.
One could almost hear the rumble of
wheels in the Palace lobby last night.
Every train brought in a carload of rail
road officials, who will attend the coun
cil at Del Monte. The arrivals last night
were: W. A. Bissell, assistant freight
and traffic manager of the Santa Fe
system; Edward Chambers, general
freight agent of the Santa Fe, Pacific
and "Southern California Railway: W. R.
Me I lines, general agent, freight depart
ment of the Canadian Pacitic Railway
and Minneapolis. St. Paul and Sault Ste.
Marie, and George O. Somers, general
freight agent of the Great Northern Rail-
way.
C. M. Hainz, editor of the Germania, is
stopping at the Grand.
E. M. Cole and wife of Boston arc
at the Grand.
E. H. Schibeley, the Oroville banker, is
at the Grand.
YV. P. Harkey, Sheriff of Tuba County,
arrived in the city last night and will
stay at the Russ House while in town.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Sanger Pullman
returned yesterday from Del Monte, and
are stopping at the Palace.
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to Morris & Kennedy, art dealers, 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
his large stock irrespective of cost. •
Bitten by a Dog.
OAKLAND. March 20.— Childena For
tudo, a girl 10 years of age, living at Cll
Madison street, was badly bitten by a
dog this evening while playing in the
street. The brute grabbed her left hand
and arm, making a painful wound. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where Steward Tobin cauterized the
wound and dressed it-
ENAMELED BEDS.
Our line of Enamel Beds you will find
o be larger and more complete than
•ou've seen elsewhere — the quaJity and
inish of a higher grade — the prices lower.
A'e quote a few special prices —
$4 for $7, $S & $9 enameled beds.
$7 for $10, $12 & $15 enameled beds.
$20 for $30 brass beds.
$30 for $45 brass beds.
$6.50 for $8»4 Centaur mattresses.
812.50 for $18 curled hair mattresses.
CARPETS AND RUGS.
The biggest, brightest and best lighted
Carpet Department in San Francisco — on
the north end of the second floor— Car-
pets and Floor Coverings are our strong
point; buying in great lots ajid our ridic-
ulously low rent enables us to make
prices below all others.
Tapestry Brussels— Extra quality, wool
surface and fast colorings -45c
Extra Super Ingrain— Best quality, new
designs and shadings sOc j
Wilton Velvets— Smith, Stinson & San- !
ford, well-known makes, with or with- I
out borders 90c j
Smyrna Rugs— John Bromley & Sons' ex-
tra quality new effects, 37x72 inches-
worth $5.75 .$3.50
China Matting— Fancy checks and stripes
regular 20 quality, 15c
Japanese Linen Warp Matting— Novelty
designs and colorings — our usual 35c I
grade 25c
25c Floor Oil Cloth— oil glazed surface
and thoroughly printed— all widths—
per square yard 20c
KENSINGTON ART SQUARES— (whoIe
carpets) 2%x3 yards, $3—3x3% yards
$4.25—3x4 yards $4.75
ROYAL SMYRNA RUGS— 9xI2 ft... 522
SMITH'S AXMINSTER RUGS— SVixIO^
$21
2000 SMYRNA RUGS— 3Ox6O inches .$1 90
SMITH'S MOQUBTTE RUGS — 24x50
inches .$2.30
TAYKO JAPANESE RUGS— 9xI2 feet..
$11
SCOTCH OR ENGLISH LINOLEUM— 2
or 4 yards wide— excellent goods for
wear and very sightly patterns... SOc
WINNERS AT THE TWO PARKS.
COURSING AT THE TWO PARKS
The Local Dogs Easily
Won the Day at
Ingleside.
The Eastern Racers Do Not
Seem to Improve in
Form or Speed.
A Large Crowd Bet Piles of Money
on the Result's and the Talent
Was H«ppy-
At the Ingleside Coursing Park yester
day a large crowd saw the Eastern flyers
defeated by the local hounds and the
money that poured into the many pool
boxes running showed conclusively that
the talent are of the opinion that the
Eastern dogs will never equal the speed
of those raised on this coast. For wei:ks
past many dog followers suggested that
before giving an opinion they should wait
for the hare chasers to be acclimated,
but now that weeks and months have
passed and better form is not shown, the
betters are becoming aware that they
have repeatedly placed their money in
ihe wrong direction.
The improvement shown by Deckelman
& Panario's Glen Roy during the past
few months is a surprise, and although
the hound has never b-sen outside the
money he went clear down the line yes
terday and ran the final with Magic and
sold favorite on the o^urse. The talent
had everything their . wn way, with one
or two exceptions, and the bookies had
all they could attend to handling the
money. The crowd was large, and al
though the wt-athtr was raw the good
sport was enjoyed. A splendid run was
made by Lady Napoleon, a sapling,
against Johnny R., and if improvement
follows as is expected the Lady will be a
stake winner in the near future. The
odds on the Johnny R.-Bendalong course
in the second ties was $5 to $1 in favor of
Johnny R..»jjtl the talent suffered on the
result when the white nag was shown at
the instigation of Judge Grace. The hares
all ran well, some of them making their
A b '♦ of $100 to $20 was offered in the
Little *ngleside a day or two ago that
Johnny R. would not win the stake. Ihe
money was soon deposited and interest
was taken in the Johnny R. courses and
much money went to the bad on the nn
ish. It is supposed to be the bet that
made the hound such a favorite over
Bendalong, as the speed of the two
hounds does not warrant such uneven
money. On next Saturday and Sunday
an open stake and a sapling stake, $2.50
entrance, $600 added, will be run off. Sap
lings to be eligible must be whelped in
March, April and May, 1897. The draw
ing will take place Thursday evening.
Tills is how the hounds ran:
First ties— H. H&nrahan's Mercury beat W.
C. Giayson's Sylvanus; B. Dougherty's Tessie
Fair beat W. Ryan's Soprano; T. Cronin's
Johnny R beat \V. Dalton's Lady Napoleon;
D. Leonard's Bendalong beat D. Flynn's Tom
Bell; Dr. Van Hummel's Van Cloie beat W. C.
Glasson's Mystery; W. C. Glasson's Mugic
beat M. Mirhalik's Fireball; G. Smart's SUk
wood beat Henry Dawn; P. Reilly's
Ranger beat P. Carney's Nelly Daly; I).
Saber's Bell of Moscow beat Dr. Van Hum
mel's Chit Chat; I>eckelman & Panario's Glen
Roy beat James Byrne's Mohawk; Henry
Spring's Pat Malloy beat E. J. Heney'a Hark
away; D. Hooper's Koo Laun beat J. Dean's
Brllliantine; J. M. Stilwell's Little Dell beat
J. J. Edwards' Vlda Shaw.
Second ties— Mercury beat Tessie Fair; Bend
along beat Johnny R; Magic beat Van Cloie;
Silkwood beat Hanger; Glen Roy beat Belle of
Moscow; Pat Malloy beat Koo Lawn; Little
Dell a bye.
Third ties— Mercury beat Bendalong; Magic
beat Sllkwood; Glen Hoy beat Little Pell; Pat
Malloy a bye.
Fourth ties— Magic beat Mercury; Glen Roy
bent Pat Malloy.
Final— Magic beat Glen Roy and won the
money.
In the consolation stake Princess Marie ran
a bye; J. J. Esmond's Forget beat Dr. Van
Hummel's Van Traale; R. L. Lee's Coralle
beat J. R. Dickaon'a Premier; H. Devlne's
Gilt Edge beat S. E. Portal's At Last; P.
Brophy's Benloia Boy beat Junta Byrne's
Nelly B; P. R Portal's Lightning beat F. C.
Mack's Black T'attl; F. Brown's Alma beat Dr.
Van Hummel's Van Nlda.
First ties— Forcet beat Princess MarJe; Cora-
Me beat Gilt Erlge; Lightning beat Benlda
Boy: Alma a bye.
Second ties— Coralle beat Forget: Lightning
beat Alma.
Final— Cnralle beat Lightning.
MUSICAL HAPPENINGS.
Marteau-Lachaume Orchestral Con
cert — The Lelys' Scotch Song
Recitals.
Marteau and T^achaume were aided by
an orchestra at the concert glTen last
niprht in tho Metropolitan Hall. Mar-
teau directed the performance of Schu
bert's TJnfinishod Symphony, and consid
ering the band was a scratch one, which
had not rehearsed any too often, he pave
a quite creditable reading of the sym
phony. Ladiaiime led the "Tannhauser"
overture with fair result. He ably direct
ed in the Mendelssohn violin concerto, in
which Marteau's beautiful tone and tech
nique found congenial material. The au
dience was somewhat small, hut hugely
enthusiastic, especially over the solos of
the pianist and violinist. The auditor
ium has not been selected as yet- for the
final Marteau-Laehaume concerts, which
are to be given Wednesday and Satur
day.
To-night and to-morrow night, at the
i Young Men's Auditorium, Mr. and Mrs.
Durward Lely will give recitals of Scotch
songs for the benefit of Clan Fraser, O.
S. C. The first recital will be entitled,
"A Nlcht wi' Burns," the second,
i "Rose, Thistle and Shamrock.". Mr. Lely
| was at one time Pattl's leading tenor.
A Small Biaze.
: Box 286— At G o'clock last evening tßere
was a fire at Twenty-fourth street I and
Potrero avenue, in ■ Matthenson's hay
barn. It was damaged to < the extent of
I $50. Carelessness in the use of matches
I caused the blaze. . J. H. Ripple was the
! owner of the building
■ • . ' : : «♦ ■ •
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo . Quinine Tablets. All
I druggists refund -th*> money If It falls to cure.
.L*??! The genuine baa I* 13. Q. on each tablet.
A Rank Outsider Cap
tures the Finals at
Union Park.
For Freedom Easily Defeats
the Cracks, Rosette and
Moondyne.
t
•
The New Wonder Has Just Been
Imported From Old
England.
■
Great is For Freedom. The masterly
performance of this hound yesterday at
the Union Coursing Park set the large
crowd to talking. From being a rank
outsider at 30 to 1, he gradually came
to be noticed, and when he beat Ro
sette, the favorite, it was presto change,
and the English hound went against
Eclipse in the final course a red hot fa
vorite, and won with all the ease imag
inable.
For Freedom Is the property of the
Pasha kennels. He was purchased In
England for $500 and only arrived here
on Wednesday, having been in a ship
ping crate for six weeks. No one knew
anything of him. He was, however, in
great shape and showed phenomenal
speed. Rosette and Moondyne were the
favorites, and they had been heavily
backed for the finals. A few people had
the proper tip and were upon For Free
dom, but they were few and far be
tween. As soon as Rosette lowered her
colors to the British hound there was a
sudden effort upon the part of the talent
to back the new wonder, but the odds
had dropped to sto 4, and this kept
the betting down, especially as Eclipse,
who had pulled through to the finals by
luck and scratches, was to go against
For Freedom.
The wind was cold and swept across
the park with almost the force of a
gale. The hares were only fair, but
occasionally there was one that would
give the hounds a good course. With
the exceptions of For Freedom and the
nuky defeat of Patria at 5 to 1 in th«
second round by Eclipse, the favorites
generally won. The betting was lively
and heavy and the ring presented a very
animated scene. The women were out
in large numbers and were much in evi
dence in the ring, where at times they
almost forced the betting upon their fa
vorites.
In the finals in the Puppy stakes Bo
nita proved herself superior to Master
Jack, which was quite a surprise, as the
latter had had an easy thing of it in
his courses against Quiver and Pastime.
Moondyne was rather heavily backed !•>*
the talent after Rosette's defeat to lower
For Freedom's colors, but he was un
equal to the task.
Rosette and Moondyne are looked upon
as two of the best, if not the fastest
hounds upon the coast; at least they have
been so considered, but now It is For
Freedom that every one is praising.
Following is the score:
Puppy stages— Second ties: Sandow beat
DempMT Lass, Bonita beat F-elle Seward, Pas
time beat Arrow and Master Jack beat Quiver.
Third ties: Bonita beat Sandow and Master
Jack beat Pastime. Final: Bonita won.
Open stake— Second ties: Kosette beat Rusty
Gold, !•"■•!■ Freedom heat Mountain Beauty.
Eclipse beat Patria, Santa Aiiuia beat Galla
gher. Theron beat Green Valley Maid and
Moondyke beat Commodore In ih<> bye. Third
ties: For Freedom beat Rosette. Eclipse L>-->ii
Santa Alicia and Mnomlyne beat Theron.
Fourth ties: For Freedom beat Moondyne tuid
Eclipee beat Hlarkstone in the bye. For
Freedom win the final.
M'GIFFIN'S GREAT DESIRE.
The Chance Longed For by the Hero
of the Yalu to Fight Under the
Stars and Stripes.
The war excitement makes the men who
knew Captain Philo McGiffln well think
of him regretfully in these days. He was
a born fighter, as he proved In the battle
of the Yalu; and all his life he longed for
a chance to put up a good fight for the
stars and stripes.
"I'm not fool enough to wish for a
war," he said, "but if America's bound to
have one, I hope it will come in my day,
that's all. My idea of absolute happiness
is to be on a good American man-of-war
with a battle on hand and an enemy
worth whipping."
For a few years he gave up naval life
and tried to resign himself to stagnation
in a little Western town; but the experi
ment went hard with him. The only
water near the place was a miserable lit
tle stream that went sliding along in a
disconsolate way. A foot bridge crossed
it on the edge of the town; and there,
leaning over the railing, staring in a
homesick fashion at the strip of water
and puffing at his cigar, the ex-naval man
could be found at almost any hour of the
day Moat of his matter-of-fact Western
neighbors thought it was funny, but there
were a few who called it pathetic.
When news of the Franco-Chinese
trouble came the fighting blood in Mc-
Giffln's veins boiled and the West had to
go by the board.
"I'm dying for the salt water, anyhow."
he said, "and spoiling for a fight, ana I'm
going to take a hand in this shindy. I
may never have another chance, we're so
blamed peaceable in this generation."
He started for China, but the trouble
was ended before he had a chance to join
in, and then fate dropped him into the
place in the Chinese navy, where at last
he found the fight he had been looking
for. The Yalu was hot enough to satisfy
even him. Every one knows how he
fought; and when, after it was all over,
he came home a physical wreck and with
death staring him in the face, he had
only one regret.
"It was a great fight." he said to an old
friend, "but if I'd had a Yankee ship un
; <irr me and Yankee sailors beside me and
; a Yankee flag above me, we'd have shown
| the Japs what fi~hting means. I wisli I
could have been knocked to nieces under
thf stars and stripes, if it had to come.
Still, it was a pretty fight."
We've others like him in the navy of
which our Spanish friends speak so
slightingly; but if the fight is to come it's
a pity McGiffln couldn't have lived at
least a year longer and have had his
heart's desire.— New York Sun.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , „
SPECIAL
ANNOUNCEMENT !
Our Importations for Spring, 1898,
are now all ready for inspection. This
season we offer a most magnificent
assortment of High Novelties in all
Departments.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
INIQUITY BEHIND
GILDED GATES
The Combined Influence of the
Churches United Against
Bacon Place.
An Effort Is Being Mad© to Cleans*
th« Tenderloin Dis
trict.
The evil that has tainted the atmos
phere of what Is known as "The Tender
loin" section of this city and on which
so much has appeared in the public pa
pers during the period when Quincy and
Mary streets were being purified, has
once more assumed shape, in the united
action of the Protestant and Catholic
churches to drive this evil entirely out of
At present those who have been driven
out of Chinatown and the two streets al
ready mentioned have become domiciled
in what is known as Bacon place, a
small cul de sac running off Pine street
between Dupont and Kearny streets. Here
behind closed doors, so to speak, as the
alleyway is enclosed by gilded gates, are
concentrated over 100 of the most de
praved females known to this comraun-
Living off and following these unfortu
nate creatures are a set of male parasites,
opium fiends, thieves and all-round ras
cals, with police records. To keep this
class of social outcasts within bounds it
costs the taxpayers $tfx> a month by keep-
Ing sufficient police officers on constant
duty day and night, exclusively in this
So objectionable has this evil become
that the clergy of St. Mary's and of Grace
Cathedral are now united in making one
final effort to have the women removed,
and the entire section known as the "Ten
derloin" cleansed of all such influences.
The Chief of Police will be appealed to
once more, and should this fail then the
courts will be resorted to for relief.
TOOK CARBOLIC ACID.
Mrs. Sallie Silverman, While De
spondent, Attempts to End
Her Existence.
Mrs. Sallie Silverman of 439 Geary
street tried to commit suicide yesterday
by swallowing carbolic acid, but was pre
vented by her sister-in-law, Mrs. Wall
flsch. who dashed the phial containing
the poison from her uplifted hand. The
latter's hands were terribly blistered by
the acid, while the would-be suicide es
caped with a burned mouth and fac*.
Fearing she had swallowed some of the
poison Officer W. "W. Wilson was called
in and he hurriedly removed her to th«
Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. Silverman. who is but 22 years of
age, separated from her husband a few
weeks ago. She had been living with
her three-year-old child and sister-in-law.
Becoming discouraged at her lot she
bought the poison and attempted to take
it. Mrs. Silverman said last evening that
she wanted to die. because she had trou
ble, but after being put to bed, the
thought of her child made her repent.
Dead, Dying or Worse.
Sam Thall. who is at present manager
for Jim Corbett, has just received a let
ter from George M. Welty, the well
known theatrical man, now in Johannes
burg. I* is short, succinct and terse:
"Tell the boys I have quit the show busi
ness forever. Beg them not to write, but
just pray for me."
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
P BOWEN <
XCO.
It's a temptation sometimes
to a grocer to buy imita-
tion foods
He could make so much
more profit and get rich
quicker
So he reasons and too of-
ten falls
It requires stamina to sell
pure food of the best quality
all the time
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tomato Catsup 15c
regularly 20c bottle
Salmon Steaks — Columbia riT«ri 2£c
regularly 15c tin 1 lb.
Cooked ready for use
French castile soap 25c
After Wednesday 30 bar
The kind with the lather
Scotch whiskey DCL $i
regularly $1.35 (Caledonian)
Irish whiskey DCL Boc
regularly $1 (Killycroy)
Glace fruits — rr.nch 35c
regularly 50c pound here
pine apple — cherries and assorted
Cocktail S Imperial CockUil Co QOC
regularly $1.25 bottle
gin — martini — vermouth
old Tom gin— manhattan — whiskey
Rock and Rye $1
regularly $I.2s— German rock
candy and pure rye whiskey
Corkscrew — f« p**** 4
regularly 25c— three inches long
and half inch diameter when
closed — nickel plated
Dates — "«* ioc
regularly 15c pound
\ FigS Bmyrat I5 C
regularly 20c and 25c pound
Preserved ginger 3 OC
regularly 35c pot— C & B
Booth's Old Tom gin 85c
regularly $1 bottle
Field's orange bitters 85c
regularly $1 bottle
Listerine — »n*ntiseptie bottle 65c
Lemons i5 c
regularly 25c
, _— r brand tea Just from
L£ I— <' I— < Ceylon, in original lead
If J j. f foil packages
Just received a fresh invoice of
Hungarian paprika— the best spice
for a sluggish liver
It takes careful buying to be able
to compete with grocers nowadays
Good grocery buying has also
taught us how to buy cigars to
compete with exclusive dealers to
our advantage — and yours
Fresh eigarsjoow being unpacked.
452 Pine 215 Butter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oaklaa4