VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 114.
POPULAR CLAMOR
MAY LEAD CONGRESS
TO DECLARE WAR
The President Favors a Policy of Delay
Until the Rainy Season in Cuba
Is Over.
Members of Both Houses Impatient, and It Is
Feared Publication of the Maine Report
May Lead to an Outbreak.
NEW YORK, March 23.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says:
The report was current in the Capitol
to-day that the President would send
the Cuban correspondence to Con
gress to-morrow. Additional color
was given to this by the action of
Speaker Reed in having Republican
members quietly notified to be in
their seats to-morrow without fail.
In consequence of this notification
several representatives who had in
tended going to Newport News to see
the Kearsarge and Kentucky launched
canceled their engagements.
It was denied that the notice to
the Republicans had any connection
with an expected message, and the
explanation was made that they were
wanted to be on hand in case it
should be desired to limit debate on
the naval appropriation bill.
NEW YORK, March 21.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: President McKinley will be
reluctant to resort to forcible interven
tion to stop the war in Cuba at this
time unless Congress takes the initiative.
His present plans do not contemplate
going any further in this direction than
sending governmental relief to the
ctiM-»'in£r Cubans That -Con cress will
supptJTt hr.A In tin- Step is indicated by
the promptness with which the Senate
Committee on Appropriations has re
sponded to the President's suggestion
to Senators Allison and Gorman, Re-
publican and Democratic leaders on that
committee, that an appropriation of
,$500,000 should be made to send food
'and medicine to Cuba. The sub-com
mittee of the Appropriations Commit
tee in charge of the sundry civil appro
priation bill to-day inserted an amend
ment in that measure making this ap
propriation.
Conferences with other members of
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weatber forecast for San Fran
cisco: Increasing cloudiness on
Thursday; unsettled Thursday night;
southeasterly winds, changing to
southwesterly.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 60 degree?
Portland 48 degrees
Loe Angeles 70 degrees
Baa Diego 64 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Th« People May Precipitate War.
Brutal Murder at the Mission. ,
SECOND PAGE.
Marder of Lieutenant Burke.
THIRD PAGE.
Oalllnger Talks of Cuba.
Spanish Inquiry Going On.
Italy Will Sell Ships.
Secretary Long's Busy Day.
McKinley Would Feed Cuban*
FOURTH PAGE.
Secretary Long Not Hopeful.
State Troops Are Wanted.
To Reorganize the Army.
Sagaeta Gains Public Favor.
Army and Navy Ready.
Marln Wants the Drydock,
Philadelphia Public Boandal.
San Rafael Floral Fet&
Money for Naval Needs.
FIFTH PAGE.
Rich Loot for Train Robbers.
A Boat From a Lost Ship.
Joint Traffic Bureau Collapsei.
Fusion In Oregon a Failure.
Jenks Worked as a Laborer.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Wreck of the Almy.
In the Performance of Duty.
To Train or Not to Train.
England and Hawaii.
The Campaign In San Jose.
The Will -Making Power.
Music and Musicians.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Irene Lynch Still Missing.
The Oldest Mason in California.
Inside of a Street Contract.
Return of the "First Born" Troupe.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Jim Rea's Word Disputed.
Abalone Hunters Abandoned.
Prison Opens for a Crook.
Power From the Sierra.
Battle of the Jobbers Fought.
High Water at the East.
NINTH PAGE.
The Almy Was Rotten to the Core.
TENTH PA OK.
Sharkey's Bluff to Jeffries.
Narrow Escape of the Limited.
Public Meters Sealed by the Mayor.
Jockeys on the Carpet.
A Priest as a Conductor.
Better Roads in Pan Mateo.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
KUpatrlck Loses His Position.
Rawhlded on a Public Street.
A Justice of the Peace Accused
Rosenau Wants a Hearing.
Luxuries for Klondike™.
TWELFTH PAOE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Newa From Across the Bay.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Racing at Ingleside.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
Prorreea of the Fsrry Scandal.
The San Francisco Call
THE SAGASTA CABINET
DIVIDED AS TO WAR.
MADRID, March 22.— 1 have been assured by a gentleman who
holds a governmental position it was untrue that any warships were
going to accompany the torpedo squadron.
At the request of the Minister of the Marine not a word is allowed
to be published on matters concerning the navy, and every dispatch, in
cluding one of my own, has been seized and stopped because the squad
ron has been mentioned. Owing to this policy of secrecy it is impos
sible to verify any statement now.
It is said the Infanta Maria Teresa, whose preparation has been
pushed forward very much of Lite, will be the cruiser. It is also
stated that the new cruiser bought from Italy will be called the Canovas.
The Spanish Government is very uneasy at the publication of the
statement that the United States proposed stopping the torpedo squad-,
ron. The knowledge that the Cabinet is divided, that some members of
it strongly favor war, although the peace party still holds its own,
causes anxiety here.
the committee and with the leaders of
the Appropriations Committee of the
House leave little doubt that the amend
ment will be agreed to both by the Sen
ate and the House and the money will
be placed at the disposal of the Presi
dent. Whether this action will be taken
before the President sends in his mes
sage to Congress transmitting the
Cuban correspondence will depend upon
the rapidity with which the Appropria
tions Committee progresses with the
sundry civil bill. It is the intention of
the committee to report that bill to the
Senate as soon as it is ready, and it will
probably be considered without delay.
The correspondence which the Presi
dent will transmit to Congress will, I
am informed, include not only reports
from Consul-General Lee and other
United States Consuls in Cuba, but also
the correspondence which has passed
between the United States and Spain
up to the present time. It is possible
that by the time the President trans
mits it he may have a note from Spain
explaining the course that is proposed
to be pursued in the event of the failure
of the approaching elections in Cuba to
show hope for the success of autonomy.
I learn from an authoritative source
that it is not the present intention of
President McKinley to recommend for
cible intervention. He will lay the
whole matter before Congress, and if
Congress finds in the correspondence
with Spain and the reports of the Con
suls ground for forcible intervention
such a step can then be taken with its
full sanction.
By the course which he is pursuing
the President gains time, and every day
gained he considers important for two
reasons — it increases the chance of
reaching a peaceable solution of all the
difficulties and it places the United
States in a better position to meet war
if it comes. If matters can be carried
along until the rainy season sets in, and
at the same time the suffering in Cuba
can be stopped by relief sent by the
United States, the administration will
endeavor to avoid anything like for
cible intervention until the fall, as it
realizes that the mortality among Amer
ican troops sent to Cuba during the
rainy season would be very high, and
by the time the rainy season is over and
cooler weather comes the United States
can be in a state of preparation for war
which would make the conflict in all
probability short and decisive.
Can Congress be restrained from
taking a decisive step in the near future
that will make the carrying out of the
programme of delay until fall impossi
ble? is a question which will only be
answered when the Senate and the
House have been put in possession of
all the information in the hands of the
President. There is much impatience
among members of both houses and of
all parties at the suggestions of delay.
It is believed that if the policy of feed
ing the starving in Cuba is continued
much of the food and medicine sent
there will find its way, directly or in-
directly, into the commissariat of the
Spanish army, and there is a disposition
on the part of some of the more impa
tient men in Congress to insist that
Spain shall be expelled from Cuba as a
precedent to feeding the starving vic
tims of the policy of Weyler.
A wave of ponular resentment follow
ing the publication of the Maine report
and the Cuban correspondence might
influence Congress to take immediate
action for intervention by force to ex
pel Spain from Cuba, and it is this pos
sibility which is causing some uneasi
ness to the President and others who
realize that the appropriation of $50,
000,900 for national defense has not
SA^T FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
made the country invulnerable, and that
more will be required to fill out the
navy and prepare the coast defenses for
war. .
*
ADMIRAL SICARD
TO BE RETIRED.
Secretary Long Wants it Understood
That There Is No Prejudice at
All in the Matter.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— There Is
a general impression at the Navy De
partment that it will become necessary
ONE MORE
YELLOW FREAK.
NEW YORK, March 23.— A
Washington special to the Her-
aid says: Representative Gros
venor is becoming very weary of
statements attributed to him as
the mouthpiece of the President.
Concerning the latest one, to the
effect that he told Representa
tive Shattuck the President
would send a message to Con
gress within seven days recog
nizing 1 the independence of Cuba,
he said to me to-night:
"I have not said to Shattuck,
or any one else, to-day, or any
other day, that the President
would send a message to Con
gress within seven days, or any
other time, recognizing the inde
pendence of Cuba. General
Shattuck says that he said noth
ing of the kind to any one. The
whole thing is a fabrication, pure
and simple."
WOUNDED UNTO DEATH, LIEUTENANT BURKE LEANS ON HIS ELBOW AND FIRES AT HIS MURDERER.
shortly to relieve Rear Admiral Sicard
of command of the North Atlantic
squadron and grant him indefinite sick
leave. Secretary Long desires to have
It understood that his action in order-
Ing a medical board of survey for the
examination of Admiral Sicard was
based entirely upon the report of that
officer. Commodore W. S. Schley, chief
of the lighthouse board, Is regarded as
most likely to succeed the admiral,
should he be relieved.
If he does not succeed Admiral Sicard
it is generally understood in naval cir
cles that he will be assigned to the
command of one of the divisional fleets
about to be organized on the home sta
tion. Other officers named as possible
successors to Admiral Sicard are Ad
miral Bunce, commandant of the New
York Navy-yard, and Captain Samp
son, president of the Maine court of
Inquiry.
MARIX IS SPEEDING
TOWARD WASHINGTON
Will Beach There With the Beport
of the Court of Inquiry on
Thursday Night.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., March 23.—
Lieutenant-Commander Marix, bearing
to Washington the findings of the
Maine court of inquiry, reached this
city at 7:45 to-night and left at 8 p. m.
via the Florida Central and Peninsula
and will reach Washington at 9:25
p. m. Thursday night.
The railroad officials have carried
the message down the line for him to
use all dispatch. This practically
makes a special of the Marix train, and
without accident Washington will !>»■
reached on the dot. Lieutenant-Com
mander Marix was accompanied by the
following officers of the Maine: Lieu
tenant Hood, Lieutenant Jungen, As
sistant Passed Engineer F. C. Bowers,
Naval Cadet A. Bronson and Carpenter
George Helms. Upon arrival here the
party went at once to the Pullman car
that was waiting for them, and in fif
teen minutes were hurrying to Wash
ington as rapidly as steam could take
them.
MILES SAYS THE
ARMY IS READY.
Man for Man, It Is More Than a
Match for Any of the Soldiers
of Europe.
NEW YORK. March 23.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: Major General Miles, com
manding the army, discussing the gen
eral situation, said to me to-day: "The
personnel of the army was never in
finer condition that it is to-day, and
officers and men are ready for any
emergency that may confront us. Our
regular army, man for man, is more
than a match for any European army
as regards personnel, equipment, dis
cipline and patriotism, and we have
practically the entire able-bodied
American male population to draw
upon to support re^ ' ars If necessary.
These- auxiliaries > i?d<* more than
100,000 already tjwrganized and reason
ably well trained and equipped. Rapid
strides have been made during the last
year toward putting our coast defenses
in good condition and these efforts
have been redoubled recently and are
still in progress.
"The new artillery reeriment? shortly
to be fully organized will enable us to
extend the line of effective defense by
manning the numerous new batteries
with trained artillerymen. The army
reorganization bill pending in Congress
will put the infantry on the same mod
ern war footing on which our cavalry
and artillery are already organized.
The army is ready to perform the du
ties for which it exists, whenever the
need comes to exercise any of its
functions."
SPAIN IS TALKING "
OF ARBITRATION.
PARIS, March 23.— A special dis
patch to the Temps from Madrid says:
There is much talk here to-day of the
possibility of international arbitration
for the settlement of the Maine ques
tion. It is suggested that each country
should nominate its arbitrators under
the presidency of the hfiid of some of
the European states. On account of the
rapproachment supposed to exist be
tween the United State? and England
in regard to the far East, Spain would
prefer Swiss, Belgian or Swedish ar
bitrators to English.
LIEUTENANT
BURKE SHOT
BY A FIEND
Foul Murder of a Brave and Honest
Officer by a Bloodthirsty
Tinker.
Bernal Heights the Scene of a Terrific Fusillade
Between the Police and Theodore
Park Haynes.
With his rugged, honest features
firmly molded in the marble calm of
death, with the light in his kindly gray
eyes forever overshadowed by the sa
ble wing of the Death Angel, Lieuten
ant William F. Burke, one of the
"whitest" men on the police force ot
this city, lies in his coffin in the parlor
of his home out at 238 Shotwell street,
shot down in the prime of life while in
the discharge of his duty by the mur
derous hand of a human fiend— shot
down so ruthlessly and cruelly that his
blood cries aloud from the soil for ven
geance. And by his side kneels a wo
man with face set and hard, a woman
whose grief is too great for utterance,
the woman separated forever in this
life from the man she called husband
and left to wear a widow's weeds by
the deadly bullet of the assassin.
Out at the City Prison, in the half
cell occupied by Murderer Butler be
fore extradition, with the awful charge
of murder entered against his name in
the prison books, sits the being respon
sible for the crime of depriving a fel
low being of life and bringing the
weight of a heavy sorrow to bear on the
lives of those who loved him— a small,
weazen-faced creature, whose thin
lips are generally closed hard and firm
and whose little beady eyes have the
glitter so indicative of a miser's soul.
Theodore Park Haynes is the murder
er's name. And he cowers back in the
dark end of his cell whenever a premo
nition of death by the rope comes, and
doggedly asserts that the dead officer
shot first— a lie so black as hardly to
deserve mention. The murderer is a
tinker, about 50 years old.
And the arrest of this man, which
resulted in a brave officer losing his
life, which required the presence of a
large number of detectives, a squad of
police armed with rifles, two mounted
policemen and a police captain, which
caused two-score bullets to be fired
and turned the western slope of Bernal
Heights into a bloody battle ground,
causing men and women to flee for
their lives, was the aftermath of a
quarrel over a miserable two feet of
ground hardly worth the fence re
quired to surround it. And an element
of the tragedy that borders on the mi
raculous was the fact that the mur
derer came out of the fracas with only
a few birdshot having punctured his
skin, after rifle and revolver bullets
had torn through the walls and the
door of the shanty in which he was
concealed so often that many of the
boards would have made a good sieve.
It was shortly before 10 o'clock yes
terday morning that a telephonic mes
sage was received at *he Seventeenth
Street Police Station, acquainting the
police with the fact that Haynes, who
lived in a shanty on the corner of
Montcalm street and Peralta avenue,
had just had some trouble over a small
piece of land with his next-door neigh
bor, Alfred Hopkinson, and had shot at
Hopkinson, and after missing him had
shot his dog. Officers James Wilkinson
and T. H. Kennedy, members of the
mounted police force, were sent out to
arrest Haynes. They were met by
Hopkinson at the store of a grocery
man named Graham, on the corner of
Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets.
who had notified the police of the trou
ble, and warned them to be careful,
as the man with whom they would
have to deal was a dangerous char
acter.
Kennedy rode up first and dismount
ed, where Haynes was standing in the
lot near his house, and asked him what
was the cause of the trouble. Haynes
stood off near his own house and began
to yell to Kennedy to lay down the re
volver, which he held cocked in his
hand, and one he had slung in a
scabbard to his w r aist, or he would
"lick the stuffing out of him." Kennedy
adopted a pacific tone and made Hop
kinson be still. Just at this juncture
Wilkinson came up and immediately
Haynes pointed his revolver at him
and said: "You get away from here,
you dirty robber." Wilkinson backed
around the side of the house, and then
Haynes pointed his revolver at Ken
nedy, and, calling him a robber, repeat
ed the words he had used in Wilkin
son's case. Kennedy tried to expostu
late, but. seeing the dangerous charac
ter of the man with whom he had to
deal, retreated from his position.
A consultation was then held, and it
was finally deemed wise to get further
advice before making another move.
Accordingly Wilkinson went down and
rang in a box for the Seventeenth
street station. Lieutenant Burke was
notified of the state of affairs and im
mediately jumped into the patrol-wag
on, driven by George Cashel, and hur
ried to the scene of the trouble. On the
way he met Officer Marlowe, who ac
companied him. When both men
reached their destination they found
that Wilkinson and Kennedy had been
re-enforced by Officer Merchant. The
lieutenant was warned twice while on
the way, once at Graham's store and
once at Hopkinson's house, of the
dangerous character of the man with
whom he would have to deal, but he
laughed as if in anticipation of no
trouble.
When Burke reached the house
Haynes was standing near the door on
the northern side of the shanty. The
evidence of eye witnesses is to the ef
fect that he went up to the murderer
in a pacific manner and* threw back his
coat lapel, revealing his star of office,
and told Haynes that it was useless
for him to make any resistance, that
he had better submit to arrest, and if
he had a grievance it would all be
sraightened out in time.
Haynes refused to consider the prop
osition and pointed his pistol at Burke,
saying: "You are another of those
d — d robbers; get out of here." The of
ficer began to back away, at the same
time admonishing Haynes to lay down
his revolver. The latter waited until
Burke was about eight or ten feet
away and fired. At the sound of the
shot Burke reeled back with a groan,
struck in the abdomen, but before fall
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ing took one shot at th« murderer. H$
then raised himself on his left elbow
and shot twice more, the exertion caus*
ing him to fall back exhausted.
As Lieutenant Burke dropped Haynest
advanced a little way, as if to get a
closer shot at the dying man. Just as
his head became visible over the corner
of the roof, the shanty being on tha
side of a hill, Kennedy banged away
with his revolver, knocking the dry
shingles off the roof of the cabin, cloa«
to the murderer's head. This distract
ed Haynes' attention from Burke to the
other officers, and immediately he be
gan to shoot at them, all returning the
fire from every point of vantage to be
obtained. Kennedy ran round to the
lower side of the tin shop, in the door
way of which Haynes stood, and took
refuge behind the corner of another
little shack in which he slept. Then
came a fusillade between the two men.
The doorway in which Haynes stood
was opened only a little way and his
body was in the shadow, affording a
very poor mark. When Kennedy's re
volver was emptied Haynes noticed
that the shooting from that quarter
had stopped and advanced toward the
corner behind which the officer was
hidden. The latter was forced to flee
across the adjoining lot and over the
fence, where he was handed a revolver
by a neighbor. A woman stood in the
doorway of a porch on the south side
of Montcalm street, directly in line of
the bullets fired at the man in the
shanty, and with a hurried admonition
to her to get out of sight Kennedy re
turned to the onslaught. He managed
to get in his former position and emp
tied the fresh revolver with no effect,
Haynes returning the fire every time
he caught sight of a face. Merchant,
Wilkinson and Marlowe were shooting
into the cabin from the back and the
bank overhead all this time.
When the second revolver was emp
tied Kennedy jumped into a buggy
and hurried off down the street in
search of a gun. He procured a combi
nation shotgun and rifle from a man
four blocks away and returned to the
scene, but in his absence many things
of moment occurred. Merchant had
secured a rifle and had Haynes penned
in the cabin, every now and then shoot
ing through the doorway to emphasize
the fact that inside was the safest
place.
All this time, which was in reality
but a very short while, Lieutenant
Burke was lying where he had fallen.
And in getting him away from the dan
gerous position in which he lay to a
place where he could secure medical aid
occurred a deed of heroism that will
some day have its reward.
George Cashel, the patrol driver, as
soon as active shooting had ceased and
while Merchant had the dangerous man
penned in the cabin, announced his In
tention of dragging Lieutenant Burke2
away, but was deterred by the advice
of many who had gathered in safe
places, they telling him it was almost
certain death. He faltered only for an
Instant, but went toward Burke with
the people calling him to come away.
Grasping Burke by the arm and the
shoulder and watching Haynes, whose
ratlike eyes could be seen peering from
the small window on the east side of
the cabin, Cashel dragged Burke to
where willing hands helped to lift him
tenderly and place him in the patrol
wagon.
Accompanied by an eye-witness of
the scene named Jack Waters, Cashel
drove his horses at breakneck speed to
the City and County Hospital. On the
way the dying officer asked for a priest.
Cashel left him in the physician's
hands on the operating table and sent
Officer Marlowe in a buggy after
Father Lyon of St. Peter's parish. The
priest arrived in time to administer the
rites of the church, given in ward A, to
which Burke had been removed froriV
the operating table. He died shortly
afterward, about three-fourths of an
hour from the time he received his
wound.
In the meantime the Chief of Police
had been notified of the death of Lieu
tenant Burke and sent Detectives
Ryan, ODea, P. Sullivan, Graham,
Reynolds, Silvey, Dinan and Dillon to
the scene. Immediately afterward a
squad of riflemen were hurried to the
place of battle. Sergeant Baldwin was
in charge, and along were Policemen
Morris Duane, J. C. Edwards, Bunner
and Lewis. Sergeant Christiansen hap
pened to be at the Central Station, and
he, too, went out in a buggy.
As soon as the squad of riflemen
reached the war ground they found
that hostilities had been renewed. The
detectives were deployed round about
the house in every sort of position con
ceivable and were shooting into the
house, in which the murderous tinker
was concealed, from all sides. He was
shooting as rapidly as he could from
his position In the doorway. Not only
did the man have two revolvers of his
own, but as soon as Lieutenant Burke
had fallen he had walked out and se
cured the officer's weapon, thus giving
him three with which to shoot at his
besiegers. Subsequent developments
showed that he had box upon box of
ammunition within the place of refuge.
Just as the rifle party arrived Ken
nedy came back with the shotgun.
After the first few shots of the squad
were fired Kennedy got a good crack
at Ilaynes' head in the doorway and
filled it with birdshot. Then it was that
he was seen to drop to the floor and
Immediately afterward came out hold
ins up his hands, in one of which was
clutched a revolver, and exclaimed:
"Don't shoot; I will surrender!"
Sergeant Christiansen, Edwards and
Duane were then a few feet from the
door and the sergeant yelled to the
men not to shoot and then to Haynes
to throw down his weapon. lie might j
have done so, but just at this juncture j
gome thoughtless officer on the hill j
fired another shot at the man and he ;
immediately opened fire on Christian- \
sen and the two officers with him, but j
missed, and they beat a precipitate re
treat. Haynes slipped back into the
house, and the fusillade again began.
In a short time Haynes again came to
tho door and holding up his hands
shouted not to shoot, that he would
surrender. Sergeant Baldwin was at |
this time at the northwest corner of the j
shanty with his rifle leveled on the \
murderer. He advanced, still keeping !
the man covered, and told him to throw
away his revolver. Then he grabbed j
him just as Officer Duane and Detec
tive Ryan came up from the hillside I
and laid hands on him. Baldwin had
the murderer dragged out of the door
way by the time the other two were i
close enough to render assistance. He \
was then manacled and placed in the
patrol wagon.
Captain Glllin, who had arrived on
the scene in time to direct the move
ments of the detectives, together with
Sergeant Baldwin and Detectives Rey
nolds and Ryan, took the prisoner to
the City and County Hospital in the
patrol wagon, where his wounds were
dressed. It was found that one of the
small birdshot had taken effect in his
right arm and there were superficial
flesh wounds on his left cheek, fore
head and nose. He was taken from the
hospital to the City Prison and book
ed on a charge of murder. Attorney
Eddy Sweeney has been retained to de
fend him.
CAUSE OF THE TROUBLE.
Haynes Tried to Kill Hopkin-
son Over a Land Squabble.
Hopklnson's description of the battle
and the causes that led up to it is as
follows:
"By the old survey I was off my linfc
two feet ten inches at the front and
sixteen inches at the back. I built my"
barn on the proper line three years
ago, and Haynes warned me that I was
stealing two feet of his property. By
the new survey I was allowed sixteen
inches at the back and two feet at the
front. Yesterday I began fencing on
the new survey. Last night he spoke
to me again and said that I was steal
ing two feet of his land, and I told him
to mind his own business as I did not
bother him. He went off muttering
threats against me if I did not stop.
This morning I was taking my mare
out to pasture and led it through the
pathway leading across his lot. He
looked at me but never said a word.
On my return he was waiting for m»
and when I got within twenty feet of
my fence he yelled 'Hey.' I turned j
around and saw that he had a pistol in
his hand and was excited. Thinking |
that he was going to shoot I moved
toward my house when he yelled, 'You |
, don't you know that I
you are stealing two feet of my prop- !
erty?' I answered, 'Look here, you
mind your own business; I'll put m>
fence on my property line ' and with
that he yelled, 'What do you say, you
,' and then leveled hia
gun at me as if to shoot Being un
armed, I ducked and dodged and kept
on running until I got behind my
fence. My wife was standing at the
kitchen door, and I called to 11-r to
pass me my rifle, but before I had tim«
to run upstairs for it he was behind
me. I ran around the alley to get out
of his way, and Just as I turned the
corner he fired. I then went down to j
Twenty-fourth street and looked for a
policeman, I had not gone many yards
when I heard a second shot, but I did
not learn that he had tried to kill my
hunting dog until after the affray.
"Not being able to find an officer I j
asked John Graham to telephone to the j
Seventeenth-street station. Within a
short time two mounted officers, Ken
nedy and Wilkinson, came <mt. They j
attempted to arrest him, but he ordered |
them away at the point of a pistol. |
While one watched the house the other j
telephoned Lieutenant Burke for fur- j
ther inntructions. About a half hour |
after the patrol wagon drove up, in
which were Lieutenant Burke and two
officers. After warning him of his dan
ger, he ordered me to stay at the cor
ner, fearing that my presence would
anger Haynes. I saw Burke walk up to
Haynes' door and the latter motioning
him to keep off, and on his approaching
nearer deliberately raise his gun and
shoot the poor lieutenant down. Burke j
MURDERER HAYNES' BATTLE WITH THE POLICE ON
BERNAL HEIGHTS.
fell to the ground, but raised himself
on his elbow and fired at Haynes, but
missed. The two officers behind Burke
began shooting and the "tinker" ran
into his house. I then ran up to my
house and after getting my gun began
firing. As I was passing the gateway
he saw me and fired. He then fired
twenty or thirty more shots at the dif
ferent officers from his doorway. To
get a better view of the officers he came
outside, when he was struck by the con
tents of a shotgun. He fell to the
ground and the officers closed in on
him.
"He has threatened to shoot me at
various times. I have charge of the
lots adjoining his land, but he said they
belonged to him and fenced them up.
He used to steal my chickens. I
caught him at it and knocked him
down two or three times, but every
time he got up he would try and brain
me with a rock, his favorite weapon.
"I was afraid there might be some
shooting when Kennedy and Wilkinson
first came on the scene, and to prevent
it I walked out and told him if he
would lay his gun down I would fight
him fair. He raised his weapon men
acelngly, and the policemen told me to
get inside. That is all I know about
the affair."
KENNEDY'S PART.
Police Censure Him and Wilk-
inson for L,ack of Bravery.
In direct opposition to the acts of
Kennedy and Wilkinson, who are ac
cused of cowardice in certain police quar
ters was the heroic act of Patrol Driver
Cashel in rescuing the lieutenant from
his dangerous position after he had
been shot. Cashel not only "had fore
thought enough to have a stretcher
provided after this act but saw that the
wounded officer had a drink of brandy
to revive him before the trip.
All the officers taking the principal
part have made statements to Chief
Lees. Kennedy says:
I spoke to the lieutenant when he came
up along the south side of the house
going north, and I warned him that the
man would kill him. He stepped down
to the northeast corner of the house, and
I remained at the southeast corner. Lieu
tenant Burke told. Haynes, showing his
star, that he was an officer and was not
going to hurt him. Haynes said, "Go
away, you robber," and lired. The lieu
tenant stepped back and fired and fell on
the road. I ran around to the northwest
corner and fired at Haynes. I fired five
shots at him and he fired six at me. When
my pistol was emptied I ran, and he fol
lowed for a way and then stopped. I ran
down the street, through an alley way,
and a citizen handed me another pistol.
I emptied that at him across the lot. I
ran down the street and jumped in a
buggy and rode three or four blocks away
and borrowed a shotgun from another
citizen, and came back up with the snot
gun and took a position northeast of the
house, and from there I fired eight or ten
more shots, until Haynes came out and
surrendered.
It is seen by his own statement of the
facts that Kennedy played no courage
ous part. Wilkinson cannot afford to
stand on a roof and proclaim the
bravery of his deeds, either, for that
matter. It looks very much like the
desertion of the officer who died at his
post of duty on the part of his inferiors,
and a deal of unfavorable comment is
in the wind.
THE MURDERER'S TALE.
Chief Lees Scouts His Evident
Plea of Insanity.
The theory that Haynes is crazy is !
scou|ted by Chief Lees, and while talk
ing with him in the City Prison yester- j
day afternoon after he had been in his '
cell for two or three hours he seemed
to talk quite rationally.
"They have been for years," he said,
"trying to take my property from me.
I bought the land thirty years ago from
E. O. Brown, and I hold not only a j
United States grant to it, but also the I
lion and unicorn grant. Fifteen years j
ago Sheriff O'Brien tried to take the
property from me, but he /ailed. In
September last the Sheriff's deputies
broke the windows in my house to get j
in and dispossess me, but I put my ef- |
fects back again and have held posses- |
sion since. Do you think it was right I
for the Sheriff's deputies to break into j
my house and throw my things into the
street?
"Hopkinson and Rooney have been j
trying to get the lot adjoining my prop- •
erty, but I claim that it belongs to me ,
as much as to them. Yesterday I built j
a fence around the lot and last night :
they came and tore down the fence and j
threw stones at my house. This morn- j
ing I found a portion of the fence in j
Graham's store and I found out that
Hopkinson had torn it down. When 1 j
went back I saw Hopkinson and we had
some words about tearing the fence j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THT RSPAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
! down and he made at me with an ax.
I drew a revolver and chased him into
i his yard, when his dog flew at me and
i I shot the dog. That was the oply shot
' I fired.
"Then the policemen came to my
: house and wanted to arrest me. I
i told them to arrest Hopkinson and let
jme alone. Then the lieutenant came
I and asked me to surrender. I told him
' that I had done nothing wrong and he
! had better let me alone. He told me
to surrender and fired a shot at me
I and then I fired at him. If he had not
I fired at me I would not have fired at
! him. Then a lot of them came and fired
1 at me and my house and I kept firing
lat them till I gave up. One of the
! bullets from a Winchester struck me
! on the eyebrow and nose and another
on the scalp, knocking me down. It
i was then that I made up my mind to
i surrender.
"I am an old soldier and fought with
I General Sherman during the war. Hop
! kinson was fighting on the other side.
IHe has done everything to take my
; property from me and I blame him for
i the most of my troubles. They had no
; right to try and steal my property
i from me, and I consider I had a right
I to defend it from the police or anybody
else."
"Are you sure that Lieutenant Burke
fired at you first?"
"Of course he did," was the reply,
"or why should I have fired at him?"
Haynes is not so crazy. as he evi
dently knows the value of the plea of
self-defense. His statement that the
I lieutenant fired at him first is con-
I tradicted by several eye-witnesses.
As against the crazy plea Chief Lees
also points to the fact that Haynes
knew exactly the location of each of
j the cans containing his money and
j their contents.
HAYNES' EVICTION.
Why He Hated Sheriff's Depu-
ties and Made Threats.
On September 17, 1897, Sheriff's depu
ties were sent out to dispossess Haynes
of his property, because J. S. Reed, the
real owner, wanted possession himself.
Haynes was not at home, and all the
property was put outside the place by
the deputies in Haynes' absence.
He returned shortly afterward, and,
taking an ax, broke in the door, which
had been barricaded, and replaced all
his property. He was furious and
stated that he would have killed every
deputy in the party if he had been
there. At this time the deputies found
two shotguns, two revolvers and a
murderous-looking dagger in thehouse.
The dagger was kept by Deputy Sheriff
Galland and given to Under Sheriff
Clack, who turned it over to Chief Lees
yesterday.
Reed let Haynes remain on the prop
erty after the action of the Sheriff's
deputies, because this gave him all
lawful claims, and until he needed the
property he wanted no trouble in evict
ing Haynes.
THE CABIN RIDDLED.
A Law Book on Unlawful De
tainer Found by Searchers.
The shanty in which the murderer
took shelter is almost torn to pieces by
the bullets fired at him. It is a miracle
that he was not hit. From all sides
came the fire, and all the walls are full
of holes. The door has about ten holes
in it. A heavy keg inside had four bul
lets in it. Three Lullets went through
the rear of the cabin within half an
inch of one another and lodged in the
house on the opposite side of Mont
salm street.
Showing the mind of the man and
the umbrage he had taken at a former
eviction by the Sheriff, on a shelf lay
a book entitled "Every Man His Own
Lawyer; or, the Clerk and Magistrate'B
Assistant." It was opened and a weight
laid <>n the page where the subject of
forcible entry and detainer was
treated.
The whole cabin reeked with the odor
of salt pork in a barrel, and Detective
Silvey, who was taking measurements
in the afternoon, was obliged to go out
every now and then to get a breath of
fresh air. Officer Desmond has been
detailed to watch the cabin.
MONEY BURIED IN CANS.
How the Murderer Hoarded
His Money and Hid It.
When Haynes was searched at the
City Prison on his person was found
the sum of 413010 sewed in a cotton
belt worn under his clothing. He told
the Chief of Police that he had between
$900 and $1000 hid in some cans under
the flooring if his cabin and he was
afraid somebody would steal it. Since
it was seen that the journey would not
hurt him he was sent to the cabin in
charge of Sergeant Baldwin and a
search made. Sure enough, the money
he has earned by tinkering was found
in three cans under the floor. One had
been there so long it was rusty. The
larger can, when the money was count
ed out in the Chief's office', with the
prisoner an attentive witness, w.is
found to contain the sum of $800 25,
mostly in silver. There were a few
$10 and $5 gold pieces, but the larger
portion was in denominations under a
dollar. Another can contained $100 and
the third $64 10, making a total of
$964 35. In another can was a lot of
trinkets, such as lockets, chains,
brooches, etc.
When the fact that the money had
been hidden in the shanty became
known it was stated by some persons
whose conversation was overheard by
a car conductor on the Folsom street
line that the murderer of Lieutenant
Burke would have died long ago if the
fact had been learned sooner.
His Revolver Shattered.
When Sergeant Baldwin laid hold of
Haynes and he was rendered harmless
the first search was for weapons. They
were found, including the lieutenant's
revolver. The handle was badly shat
tered, the pieces lying on the floor. On
being questioned as to how this hap
pened the murderer replied that a bul
; let struck it while he was holding it in
• his hand and it was knocked out of his
! grip. It must have been a rifle bullet,
i as one from a revolver would not have
had the force necessary to do so much
', damage. How Haynes' hand escaped
j mangling is only one of the peculiar
things that happened during the shoot
ing.
BURKES WOUNDS.
Chief Lees Has the Body Taken
to the Officer's Home.
At the request of Chief Lees Dr. John j
Gallagher hold the autopsy on Liuten- j
ant Burkes body at the City and Coun- j
ty Hospital. He found two gunshot \
wounds, either of which would prove j
fatal. The one, however, which entered \
\ the left groin was the one that caused
i death, as it produced internal hem
! orrhage, the bullet having cut one of I
i the principal arteries in its pasage. The
j other shot entered the body on the right j
j side on a line with the navel and passed \
into the abdominal cavity, where it !
j lodged, as did the one which entered |
lat the groin. It was not known that
i two shots took effect until after the
; autopsy.
Death was caused by internal hemor
rhage. The body was removed to
O'Conner's undertaking parlors at 767
Mission street, and then to the resi
dence, at 23S Shotwell street, where it
now lies. Chief Lees saved the body
from being taken to the Morgue by tel
ephoning Coroner Hawkins the facts,
that official cheerfully waiving any ex
amination. The Chief himself arrived
on the scene as the murderer was en
tering the hospital gates.
Chief Lees detailed Sergeant Price, an
old friend of the family, to break the
newa of the death to the widow, but
Rev. Father Cumminß heard of it and
went to the house with the sad story
first. Sergeant Price has been told by
the Chief to stay at the house and try
to comfort the widow until he is satis
fied to leave.
The funeral will take place to-mor
row from the residence at 238 Shotwell
street, thence to the Church of St.
Charles Borromeo, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated at 10 a. m.
The interment will take place in Holy-
Cross Cemetery.
BURKES RECORD.
A Brave and Efficient Officer
and an Honest Man.
The murdered officer was born in Gal
way County, Ireland, on March 3, 1852.
He came to this city when a young man
and while a watchman in the employ
ment of the Southern Pacific Company
he was appointed a substitute officer on
the police force under the McCoppin
act.
Owing to his splendid record as a
substitute officer he was the first one to
be appointed on the regular force
under the act. He was promoted
to be a sergeant cm Septem
ber 22, 1890, and when the Board of
Supervisors by an order established
the rank of lieutenant he was one of
the five promoted to that office on De
cember 1, 1895.
Ex-Chief Crowley and Chief Lees
looked upon Lieutenant Burke as a
model police officer and he had their
confidence and esteem. Both were
deeply affected when they learned of
his death yesterday and Chief Lees
gave utterance to his feelings by say
ing, "Lieutenant Burke was always
considered by his superiors to be an A
No. 1 first-class officer in every re
spect. Besides, he was a genial, honest
and conscientious man with a big,
warm heart, and did not know what
fear was. He was quick to think and
act and his judgment was seldom at
fault. His work while a member of the
department will stand favorably with
that of any other officer, and words
would fail me to do justice to his ster
ling worth as an officer and a man."
Other ofiicers bore tribute to the dead
lieutenant's worth. As one of them
said, "he was the whitest officer that
ever wore a star." His untimely death
cast a feeling of sadness over the de
partment and expressions of sorrow
were universal.
One of those who feel his death most
i keenly is Sereeant Price. He and
Burke were appointed to the force
i about the same time, and for years
! they were associated together in the
\ Mission district. In these days the
'• Mission was overrun by the toughest
element in the city. From Seventeenth
street to the county line robberies were
almost of daily occurrence, but Burke
1 and Price started in with a will to clear
• the toughs out, and their names soon
; became a terror to evil-doers. In less
: than five years they had brought order
! out of chaos, but not without having
I many narrow escapes from being in
jured or murdered.
Price was in time transferred from
the Mission, but Burke remained there
and he came to be known as the father
]of the Mission. He was known to
; every man, woman and child in the dis
; trict and all loved him for his genial,
] kindly ways.
Five or six years ago, while in
charge of the Chinatown squad, Burke
. did splendid service in breaking up the
! highbinder societies, and no two men
j were greater feared by the highbinders
than Burke and his old comrade. Price.
Captain Gillin, who is in charge of
i the Mission district, addressed the men
! at the Seventeenth-street station last
j evening. He was deeply affected as he
spoke of the lieutenant's death, speak-
I ing of him not as a brother officer, but
! as a dear friend, whose loss would be
i hard to replace. The captain pojnted
I out that every police officer carried his
life in his hands from day to day, as
was exemplified by the untimely death
of their lieutenant while in the per-
I formance of his duty, and he urged
| them all to take example from his de
votion to duty and intrepidity.
. Outside of the department the dead
| lieutenant bad a host of friends who
will deeply mourn his loss. Among
them are many newspaper men, wno
had ample opportunities of knowing
and appreciating his genial and oblig
ing disposition. They always found
him courteous and pleasant and ever
ready to help them in their work. They
at least will sadly miss him.
About five weeks ago the lieutenant
had an operation performed upon him
at St. Mary*s Hospital. A cancer had
grown on his lip from smoking and the
operation was successful. Some years
ago he was struck «n the back of the
head by a brick thrown at him while
arresting a tough, and for a time his
life was despaired of, but the removal
of a large quantity of pus that had
gathered saved him. The effect of that
blow never really left him.
The lieutenant leaves a widow to
mourn his loss. She has been an inva
lid for years, and it is feared that the
shock will kill her. He was a tender
and devoted husband, and constantly
worried himself about her health. They
had no family. A brother of the lieu
tenant is Patrick Burke who s em
ployed by the Southern Pacific in this
city, and he has another brother who
is an officer of rank in the Royal Irish
Constabulary.
CLOSING JUBILEE ACCOUNTS.
The Executive Committee Winds Up
Its Financial Affairs and Turns
Over a Surplus.
The executive committee of the Golden
Jubilee held its final meeting last night
and after paying all indebtedness turned
over $700 to the .general committee.
The total amount collected from all
sources was $21,936 83. Of this amount
$21,017 55 was collected by subscription;
from the Wild West show. $288 88; Turn
ers' fiesta, $83 25; military tournament.
$188 50; souvenirs, $317 05; Angels Camp.
**The total expenses up to last nte ht
were $20,842 81; still due from Mining t air,
$59 88. The bills ordered paid at last
nighfs meeting reduced the amount on
hand to $700, which was ordered turned
over to the general committee.
Lieutenant Roudiez of the U. S. A-, who
conducted the military tournament, sent
in a bill for $181 10, which was allowed by
the committee. Assistant Secretary W.
T Y. Schenck was allowed $100 for Ms
time since the day of the celebration.
Mr. Openheimer. who had the sale of
the souvenirs, amounting to 14,297, sold
4767, for which he turned in $317 50-The
Mining Fair got 5985. for which $59SS is
still due. There are still out in the hands
of Mr Openheimer 3227, for which he
has been dilatory in making returns, al
though requested bj4 the committee to do
fc °Two of the collection books were lost,
but it was stated that no collections
were made on them.
COLONEL McKENZIE DYING.
He Was City Marshal Over Forty
Years Ago.
Chief Lees was notified yesterday, that
Colonel John W. MeKenzie was dying at
his residence, 120 Broad street, near Ocean
View.
The colonel la a native of Newark, N.
J., and while carrying on the business of
a jeweler there he sold out and enlisted
In the army. He fought through the
Mexican War and was orderly sergeant
in Duncan's famous battery that saved
the day at Palo Alto and Buena Vista,
After the war he settled in this city
and was elected City Marshal, holding the
office from September 1854, to July, 18od.
Then he was appointed chief clerk to the
City Marshal and property clerk, these
positions being then combined, and held
the office till June 3, 1859.
He was for many years colonel of the
First Regiment, and was considered one
of the best shots in the regiment.
HEALTH BOARD WABNED.
Smallpox and Bubonic Plague on the
Increase at Hongkong.
W. M. S. Beede, M. D., United States
Consular surgeon and foreign corre
spondent of the Ban Francisco Board/ of
Health at the port of Hongkong, has sent
a warning to the local board regarding
the prevalence of smallpox in the dis
trict where he resides. He found the
total number of cases of smallpox for
the week ending February 12 to be thirty,
with fourteen deaths. There were also
four new cases of bubonic plague, with
five deaths. This shows an increase of
over 50 per cent in the number of cases
of communicable disease since January
15, but the remark is made that the
fatal diseases are confined almost entire
ly to the Chinese and Portuguese popu
lation.
Must Retreat to the Wall.
The Supreme Court has upheld the
judgment of the Superior Court of Placer
County in the case of E. P. Reed, who
was convicted of murder In the second
degree. Reed killed his partner, an old
man named L. G. Brown. The two were
cutting shakes and friends of Reed came
up to the cabin. Brown did not treat
them nicely and Reed took up the matter
and received several knife wounds from
Brown. He then went outside of the
cabin and a minute or two later Brown
appeared, still with his knife In hand, but
he made no attempt to use it again. Reed
seized a club and struck Brown on the
head, inflicting injuries that resulted in
his death. The Supreme Court holds that
Reed's plea of self-defense does not hold
as he did not retreat "to the wall" in
the meaning of the law, and he must
stand the consequences.
A Testator's Intentions.
In the ■will of the late George True of
Alameda County his widow and Theodore
Gorner were named as the executors.
Before the will was filed for probate
Gorner renounced his right to become the
executor at the request of Mrs. True.
However, he changed his mind and with
drew his renunciation before the letters
were Issued. The widow contested his
right to withdraw his renunciation and
she was successful in the Superior Court.
Gorner appealed and the judgment of the
lower court was reversed, it being held
Gorner had a right to withdraw his re
nunciation before letters were issued on
the ground that Gorner derived his right
to be appointed executor from the tssta
tor and not from his co-executor, say-
Ing: "The appointment of each Is a part
of the testator's will equally with the
disposition made by him of his estate."
GARFIELD CORPS' SYMPATHY.
At the last held regular meeting of
James A. Garfield Relief Corps No. 21,
W. R. C, resolutions of sympathy were
adopted for those who were bereaved by
the loss they sustained in the death of
relatives on the Maine, and there was an
additional resolution: "That we recog
nize and respect the bravery and hero
ism of those who stood beneath the
peaceful waving of the American flag
and were suddenly hurled into eternity,
for they are no less heroes than those
who were summoned by the tocsin of
war and met death at the point of the
bayonet."
■ .
Manufacturers' Election.
The annual meeting of the members of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation was held yesterday. The old
board of directors was re-elected without
opposition, the nominating committee
presenting the following names: James
W, Kerr. A. Sbarboro, W. F. Bowers,
Frank L. Brown, L. R. Mead, Charles R.
Allen, A. McLauirhlin, J. P. Currier,
Samuel McKee, Charles H. Crocker and
E. Everett.
Knights of Tara and Wolfe Tone.
'■i The Knights of Tara will hold a great
celebration on June 21 at Metropolitan j
Temple in honor of the birthday of Theo- |
bald Wolfe Tone, the patriot and : martyr j
of Irish liberty. A strong committee has i
been appointed and a splendid programme i
will , be provided. It is the intention to
make It one of the greatest celebrations j
of the : centennial year of the Irish rebel- i
Hon. . - - .
■• ; •■ ,- : "" » m » i "... . . :• :.
Suspected of Incendiarism.
Nicholas Tendis and Constantine John i
■were arrested yesterday on complaint of
Marshal Towe and held pending an In
vestigation. The two men are partners
In a restaurant at 115 Fifth street. Tues
day afternoon the place took lire, and i
when the firemen arrived traces of oil j
were found and crooked work was at once I
suspected. The fire was extinguished be- j
fore much damage was done. J
PRISON OPENS
FOR A CROOK
"Rebel George,"the Bunko
Man, Convicted at
Yreka.
With Two Confederates, He
Robbed an Innocent
German.
Jury Convics Him of the Crime
After Only a Few Minutes'
Deliberation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YREKA, March 23.— The notorious
confidence man, "Rebel George," an ac
count of whose life appeared In The
Call a few days ago, was convicted of
obtaining money by fraud and trickery
in the Superior Court in this place this
afternoon, the jury having been out
only fifteen minutes.
"Rebel George," in company with
two confederates, engaged an innocent
German named Tetter in a game of
cards on the Southern Pacific Railroad,
near Sisson, and bunkoed him out of
$250. It is thought that Judge Beard
will give this notorious swindler a
heavy sentence, as he has been dealing
severely with the criminal element
lately. The wife'of "Rebel George" was
present at the trial and made a hard
fight to save her husband.
RIVAL SCRIBES
COME TO BLOWS
Lively Physical Argument on
the Ferry-Boat San
Rafael.
War Between Two Newspapers
Leads To a Shedding of
Editorial Blood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, March 23.-Editorial blood
was spilled here yesterday on the
deck of the ferryboat San Rafael, as she
was lying at the slip, just before her d«_
parture for the metropolis on the 8O&
o'clock trip. Ernest Hewson, the youth
ful editor of the Suburban, a small paper
published at Corte Madera, planted his
fist upon the right optic of W. H. Pur
telle, the editor of the Record of Lark
spur. .
Bad feeling has existed between tn»
editors of the rival papers for some
weeks, but until yesterday only editorial
comment has been indulged in. Lark
spur and Corte Madera are only a half
mile apart, and each burg is envious of
I the other. The Corte Madera paper.
I without mentioning names, accused Pur
' tellfi by innuendo of complicity in a nnm
! ber of shady affairs, and last Saturday
' Purtelle's paper came out with a bitter
I attack upon young Hewson's parents,
accusing them of having been in some
petty swindling and "invited" to move
j out of town.
It was this that led to the encounter on
the beat yesterday. Hewson, who is
about 20 years old. got on the boat and
waited for Purtelle, who is his senior by .
'over 20 years. When the Larkspur cdi«
tion arrived Hewson walked up to him!
and asked him why he published the
scurrilous article about his folks. Pur
telle made no reply, and the youthful ed
itor drew back his arm and let fly a ter
rific right-hand blow, catching the other
directly over the eye, splitting the skin
i under the lid and causing Purtelle to lose
s.>me blood. The young man was not
! satisfied with this, and followed up hid
! attack by rushing the Larkspur editor to
the railing, where he commeced to play
a tattoo on his already flushed and cut
features. Detective Bainbridge of the
San Francisco police at this juncture in
terfered and ended the fracas.
Sister Alphonse Marie Dead.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— Sister Alphonse
Marie (Anna Aloyse Vermylen) of Notre
Dame Convent died to-day after a linger
ing illness. She was a native of Belgium
and was 85 year? of age. The deceased
had been connected with the convent her©
for a number of years.
Innocent Children Sacrificed.
The "slaughter of the innocents" continues,
until It is estimated that fully one-fourth of
the human nice die before attaining their fifth
birthday, owing in great measure to our
rigorous and changeable climate. And there
are thousands of adults, even In this land of
plenty, that stomach, liver and bowel com
plaints are reducing to confirmed lnvalidlsm
whom Hostetter's Stomach Bitters would
promptly relieve and invigorate. Malaria,
rheumatism and kidney trouble yield to the
Bitters.
ALASKA
GOLD BONDS. +
SECURITY— FOR
GRUBSTAKES.
THE ALASKA PROSPECTORS' STNDl-
cate Company offers for sale five thousand
(50i)0) non-interest bearing bonds of the value
of five dollars ifo 00) each.
The bondholders are guaranteed thirty per
cent (10%) of the gross proceeds of the product
of 35 to 40 prospectors in Alaska outfitted by
the company.
The following table shows the sum that
each $o bond will realize for the Investor on a
given gross pnnluct of any amount from $100,-
000 to £,000.080:
Total Product by Redemption Value of
35 to 40 Men. Each $,"> Bond.
$100,000 «6 00
:.■".'• 10 12 00
30< i.QOO 18 00
.'oo. 'ino 30 00
1,000.000 60 00
2.000,000 120 00
These bonds ar* secured by contracts with
and insurance policies and collaterals from
prospectors to whom the company advances
80^. of their expenses.
The bonda of the Alaska Prospectors' Syndi-
cate Company offer the completest protection to
those who desire to grubstake their acquaint-
ances.
feW A Subscriber to 25 Bonds Is
Entitled to Nominate One Pros- ,
pector.
' Gold mining under the most favorable cir-
cumstances is necessarily speculation, but
these bonds give those who find the money
much more of a show than is at all usual.
The bonds will be sold on the following
terms: On allotment, |1, and $1 per week
"■thousands of people who would go to Alas-
ka and for one reason or another cannot, are
prepared to Invest in the chances open to all
to get some share of the millions of gold that
will be gathered In the gold fields. during the s^
""The 1 A?aska r Pro S pecto r8 > Syndicate Company
era lust such an opportunity. -
]E&%^S SST'SW* to
HENRY G. SHAW,
President Alaska-Prospectors' Syndicate Co.,
Room 32, No. 4 Sutter St. v
?. SAN FRANCISCO.HORRORS
OF WAR
IN CUBA
Gallinger Denounces the
Brutality of Span=
ish Rule.
Solemnly Declares the Time Has
Come for America to Inter=
fere in the Cause of
Humanity.
"I have been asked many
times, what of the Maine? I do
not know. This, however, I do
know: A Government that will
deliberately starve 400,000 of its
own people will do pretty much
anything. If the ship was blown
up from the outside, what should
our Government do? Perhaps I
should forbear to discuss that
question now; but this I will
venture to say: Human life
purposely taken cannot be paid
for in gold or silver. Mark
my words — 'purposely taken' —
and if it shall appear that such
was the fate of 250 brave Amer
can sailors, then heaven pity the
guilty parties. It will not be a
question for arbitration, but a
question involving the dignity
and honor of this great repub
lic." — Extract from a speech de
livered by Senator Gallinger.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— The an
ticipated discussion of the Cuban ques
tion drew an unusually large crowd of
spectators to the galleries of the Sen
ate to-day.. The galleries were packed
and long lines of people swayed
through the corridors vainly seeking
admission. Every Senator at the Cap
itol was in his seat.
Mr. Tillman of South Carolina an
nounced that, he would next Tuesday at
3 p. m. ask the Senate to consider the
resolutions upon the death of his col
league, the late Senator Earle.
Bacon of Georgia presented a joint
resolution, declaring in favor of a
peaceful settlement of the present
crisis. Bacon said that owing to the
importance of the resolution he would
not ask for its immediate considera
tion, but would permit it to lie upon
the table until to-morrow.
Very auietly and with no attempt to
produce effect toe bill providing for the
relief or the survivors of the Maine dis
aster was presented to the Senate for
leration. Hale of Maine, Chair
man of the Naval Affairs Committee,
reported the bill favorably and asked
that it be placed at once upon its pas
sage. The bill was read and without
debate was unanimously passed with
out amendin.nt.
Then in accordance with a notice
given yesterday, Mr. Gallinger of New
Hampshire was recognized for a speech
upon the condition of affairs in Cuba.
Air Gallinger has recently returned
from the island. He received the most
careful and thoughtful attention of
every person within the sound of his
voice
In opening his speech Mr. Gallingsr
said that after the calm, disnassionate
and touching statement concerning
Cuba made in the Senate recently by
Mr. Proctor of Vermont, It might be
well for him to remain silent, but,
yielding to the desire expressed by
many of his colleagues, he had csn
sented to give a plain recital of some
of his observations on that "unhappy
inland." He referred to the efforts
made by the Cubans in 1829, in 1844, in
1848 in ISSO, in 1851, in IS6B and again
in 1895 to break the chains that bound
them to Spain in order that they mignt
establish for themselves a free Govern
ment "upon the soil that was rightly
theirs." Save the last all these efforts
had ended in failure. That failure was
history and need not be recounted.
Mr. Gallinger spoke of his reception
by Consul-General Lee.
"General Lee," said he, "is deserv
ing of the highest possible praise for
the manner in which he conducted him
self in Havana. Cool and fearless in
the miust of difficulties and dangers,
he never loses sight of the fact that
he is an American citizen, nor is he
unmindful of the tremendous respon
sibility and duty of his position."
Referring to his call upon the Au
tonomist Cabinet, Mr. Gallinger said it
•tvas evident that the President of the
Cabinet was not encouraged in the
truth is," Mr. Gallinger said
"autonomy is a flat failure, oppjsed
alik>- by the ultra-Spaniards and the
Cubans. The leaders of the insurrec
tion have not forgotten how they were
treated by Spain in 1878, and the blan
dishments and bribes now being off"ir ,1
them rue spurned with contempt. 'Bet
t.r death than autonomy,' said a lead
ing Cuban to me, 'for autonomy Is "r:!y
a pretense under which we would again
be slaves of Spain."' _
Mr Gallinger recalled that he had
heard during debates in the Senate de
nials made that a state of war existed
in Cuba, but it required only a brief
personal observation to convince one
that war actually did exist. A deso
lated country and its stricken people
told the story more eloquently than it
could be conveyed in words.
"The war in Cuba, however, he said,
"is a war of starvation and extermina
tion—a war more cruel than the world
has ever before known."
The Spanish troops do not impress
Americans as great soldiers, he said.
They are under a lax discipline and are
poorly uniformed and inadequately fed.
The high officials do most of their fight-
Ing in hotels and cafes, the actual
fighting being done by those of inferior
grade. On the contrary, the insurgents
are comfortably clad and under strict
discipline. They occupy a large part
of the island and could. In Mr. Oal'in
ger's judgment, take Havana or Mat
anzas whenever it might suit their pur
pose, although these cities could not be
held for lack of a navy. Continuing, he
'The scenes in the streets in Havana
are harrowing br-yond description. Peo
ple in'want and suffering are everywhere
seen, and walking skeletons meet one on
every hand. Naked children, emaciated
and ragged women, diseased and starv
ing men throne the streets, the hotel
lobbies and every place of public resort.
It is a terrible sight— one that sickens the
heart and quickens every impulse of hu
man sympathy and love.
Under the shadow of cathedrals and
churches, where Spain's authority is ab
solutely unquestioned, the most horrible
conditions are conceded to exist. Many
have refused to believe that a great Gov
wnmeiit was waging a war of extormlna
tion instead of a war of honor, yet such
is an absolute fact. A visit was paid to
the orphanage, which is now under the
care of Miss Clara Barton. It contains
about fifty children, almost every one of
whom is a victim of starvation. Dr.
Lesser, one of Miss Barton's assistants,
has h:ul experience in the Armenian and
Indian famines, but he declares that the
famine in Cuba is worse than that in
Armenia, and pictures he drew of the
terrible suffering and starvation in the
island more than confirm all that has
been written upon the subject.-
A detailed story of a . visit to Los
Aocas, the place where the reconcen
trados daily assemble to get food, was
given. A few weeks ago, when Miss
Barton discovered the place, there were
645 people lying on the floors, many of
them entirely nude and all suffering
the pangs of starvation. Much has
been done by the Red Cross Society to
alleviate the condition of those who
still remain, but scores of men, women
and children are yet there, gaunt and
bony, almost skeletons, many of them
covered with sores directly traceable
to insufficient food.
"What a chapter of horrors and death
is that," he exclaimed. 'And still the
tragedy goes on. How much longer
it shall continue depends largely upon
the forbearance of a great people, who,
through suffering and sorrow, achieved
their own independence, and whose
sympathies have always gone out to
the oppressed of all nations of the
world."
A vivid picture was then drawn by
Mr. Gallinger of a trip to the city of
Matanzas. All along the route were
wretched people in rags, but not until
the city was reached was the full ex
tent of the suffering realized. Said he:
It occurred to me as I looked upon the
scenes of Buffering and horrors that the
Cuban reconcentradoa might well have
adopted the words of Dante. "Who enters
here leaves hope behind," when they were
driven from the fields and herded like
cattle in the cities and towns of this fer
tile land. The truth is that "vVeyler de
vised a scheme of human suffering ami
sorrow that put Dante's "Inferno" in the
shade and converted a contented, pros
perous people into a herd of suffering,
starving unfortunates.
Matanzas is literally a place of beggary
and death. Never before dfd my eyes be
hold such suffering, and never again do I
« xpect to see such havoc wrought
through a cruel and inhuman decree. A
visit to the Matanzas hospitals revealed
an even more shocking condition than
that of the streets. Members of the Red
Cross Society who had visited one of the
hospitals two weeks before were almost
overcome upon discovering that nearly
every one of the inmates at that time had
since died. There poverty, sorrow and
suffering were depicted in their worst
forms. Children, gaunt in face, but with
abdomen and limbs terribly swollen; wo
men in the last stages of emaciation, and
men also there were, all rapidly drifting
to death. If there was food in these hos
pitals I did not discover It; neither were
there signs of medicine or of proper
nursing and care.
The Governor of Matanzas informed
Mr. Gallinger that the first day he oc
cupied the place fifteen persons had
died in the courtyard. He said, fur
ther, that in the city 1200 had died in
December, 700 in January and 500 in
February. The death rate was decreas
ing simply because the reconcentrados.
through the ravages of death, were be
coming fewer.
The number of people who have starved
in Cuba will never be definitely known.
It is estimated that 800,000 were driven
from their homes into the cities and
to\ms. I had it from Spanisa authority
that, according to their figures, 225.000 al
ready have perished, but it is said that
the Red Cross Society is in possession of
figures showing that 425,000 Cubans have
died as the result of starvation and that
200.000 more must inevitably die.
T have been asked many times. What
of the Maine? I do not know. This, how
ever, I do know: A Government that will
•irtlilieraU'ly st:irve 400,000 of its own peo
ple will do pretty much anything. If the
ship was blown up from the outside what
should our Government do? Perhaps I
should forbear to discuss the question
now; but this I will venture to say: Hu
man life purposely taken cannot be paid
for in gold or silver. Mark ray words —
"purposely taken" — and if it shall ap
pear that such was the fate of 200 brave.
American sailors, then heaven pity the
guilty parties. It will not be a question
for arbitration, but a question involving
the dignity and honor of this great re
public.
Discussing the question of Spanish
rule, Mr. Gallinger referred to the mat
ter of taxation. In addition to direct
and indirect taxes on real estate, there
is a tax on every door, every window
and every chimney in every house; on
every letter in every business sign and
on every name in every hotel register.
Licenses are required to build nouses
and to paint houses. There is a tax on
food animals as a whole, special taxes
on the horns, the hoofs and the hide.
In addition to all this, the interest on
the debt is a tremendous burden, the
salaries of the Spanish officials are be
yond all reason, and the amount of
money wrung from the Cubans to keep
the Madrid Government from complete
insolvency is simply enormous.
"American interests in Cuba," said
he, in conclusion, "have already suf
fered enough. We have patrolled our
coast in the interest of Spain as long
as we should, and we have spent quite
too much money in protecting our peo
ple from epidemic diseases coming to
our shores because of the unsanitary
conditions of the harbor and city of
Havana. Spain has failed to meet the
requirements of an advanced civiliza
tion. Let the United States or Cuba
take up the problem and solve it."
MURDERER MONDAY
SEEKS HIS RELATIVES.
Police at New York TJnabie to Find
the Family of the Man Confined
at Folsom.
NEW YORK, March 23.— The police to- i
day received a letter from Warden Aull
of the prison at ETolsom, Cat., a*»<tiug tii mi
to look for the relatives of Daniel Mon
day, now in prison under sentence of
death for murder. Monday sakl that he
lived here until 1872, when he enlisted In
the army and was sent to Vancouver. I
When he left home his family consisted j
of his father, Daniel Monday, a tanner, a j
stepmother and a stepsister. They were •,
living then in Fifth street. He had not j
heard from them since and now was anx- i
Jous to know if any were alive.
The police sent to the address given, but
the Mondays were not living there nor j
could any one be found who cmild re- '
member that a family of that name ever j
occupied the house
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1858.
SPAIN'S INQUIRY
STILL GOES ON
Blanco Objects to Blow
ing Up the Wreck
of the Maine.
There Is Great Activity in Com
pleting the Defenses of
Havana.
Miss Barton Suddenly Announces
That She Will Abandon Re
lief Work in Cuba.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 23.— 1t will not be
possible to begin the use of dynamite
to expedite the disintegrating of the
Maine wreck until after the Spanish
divers have finished the work now be
ing done for the Spanish Board of In
quiry.
In reply to Captain Sigsbee's request
for permission to begin the use of
dynamite to-morrow he received this
morning a most courteous but firm re
fusal in a note from Captain General
Blanco. The Captain General pointed
out in diplomatic language the advisa
bility of permitting the Maine's bottom
to be undisturbed by dynamite, at least
until after the conclusion of the Span
ish inquiry now pending.
The report of the American Court of
Inquiry having now been finished, it
would appear indiscreet for the Ameri
can officers by the hasty use of dyna
mite to expose themselves to the pos
sible charge of destroying the evidence
on which their conclusions were based.
Sigsbee sees the force of this sugges
tion and will not press the matter, at
least until the Spanish inquiry is fin
ished.
Captain Sigsbee and all the other
officers of the Maine now here, except
Lieutenant Commander Wainwright,
will probably be ordered north next
Saturday. Mr. Wainwright will con
tinue in charge of the wreck of the
Maine, directing the work of the
wrecking company. Captain Sigsbee
is very anxious to get away and rarely
comes ashore now. Those who will
probably leave here with him are Chief
Engineer Howell, Chaplain Chidwick,
Paymaster Ray, Surgeon Henneberger
and Naval- Cadets Holden and Clu
verius.
General Blanco just now seems de
termined to demonstrate to the volun
teers that they are no longer a power
in Havana, and that the Government
has no desire to curry favor with
them. Yesterday Blanco appointed to
a high position under the colonial Gov
ernment Luis Capdevila, a young lad
whose only claim upon the Government
is the long standing enmity existing
between his family and the volunteers.
His father, Frederico Capdevila, was
attorney for the medical students who
were shot in the massacre of 1871. He
fought bravely to save the lives of
those boys and never ceased to regard
their execution as murder. His son
refused to join the volunteers' organi
zation, which was responsible for the
execution of the students, and for that
reason his appointment to office at this
time is significant.
Senor Dolz, autonomist leader and
Secretary of Public Works under the
Colonial Government, is responsible for
Capdevila's appointment and he is ac
cordingly the object of bitter hatred
among the conservatives.
Feverish haste is displayed by those
having charge of the • coast defense
work in the neighborhood of Havana.
Large forces of men are at dork on the
embankments about the new batteries,
which have been installed at Venedao.
A drive along the shore road yesterday
demonstrated that the Government is
not misleading itself regarding peace,
neither is it wasting any time.
In addition to those at work upon the
defenses, forces of men were busy
making ready ammunition for any
emergency. Visitors are strictly barred
from entering any of the reservations,
and ail along the shore road sentries
are posted who closely scrutinize all
passers-by, and those who appear too
curious are promptly turned back.
In Morro Castle it is said that there
is great activity, too, and that large
forces of men are at work, though just
what they are doing is a secret which
has not yet reached the public. An
officer of the American navy recently
told me that there are good reasons
for believing Morro contains a number
of masked batteries of heavy guns,
whose presence will some day be dis
closed, by breaking through port holes,
this work having been completed ex
cept for a few inches of stone on the
outer surface, which was left to conceal
the guns from the curious eyes of those
entering the harbor.
As predicted in previous dispatches
to the Herald, Miss Clara Barton has
withdrawn from relief work in Cuba,
and though she says she may return,
it is known that the Red Cross has
practically Riven up the field. This
condition of affairs is the result of sev
eral weeks of friction between Miss
Barton and those in America who have
directed the work of relieving the re
concentrados. This friction was trans
ferred to Havana with the coming of
Louis Klopsch, the third member of
the committee, appointed by President
McKinley, the other members being
former Mayor Charles A. Schieren of
Brooklyn and Stephen Barton.
When Mr. Klopsch' arrived in Havana
two weeks ago he says he found the
relief work at a standstill because of
the incompetency of some of Miss Bar
ton's assistants. Some provisions were
decaying in the warehouses while the
starving continued to starve and die.
Miss Barton admitted that this con
dition existed to a certain extent, but
declared it was the result of the inter
ference of the Spanish officials and was
not due to the negligence of any one
connected with the Red Cross work.
Nevertheless, several stormy inter
views took place between Miss Barton
and Mr. Klopsch, the former seeming
to think that because of the contribu
tion of $10,000 made by the committee
of which he was a member he could
attempt undue interference. Twice
Miss Barton tendered in return a check
for $10,000, saying she would be relieved
of the responsibility it implied, and
each time Mr. Klopsch refused. .
To-day matters came to a crisis
when Miss Barton suddenly announced
that business affairs necessitated her
immediate return to Washington ana
she would sail on the Olivette this af
ternoon, taking Dr. Eagan with her.
This news astonished all concerned in
the relief work, but she would not be
deterred by argument of any sort.
CRONIN'S ASSAILANT CAUGHT.
Appolonio Bomero Arrested by a
Deputy Sheriff at Mojave.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 23.— The
District Attorney received a telegram to
day from Deputy Sheriff Keyes of Needles
stating that Keyes had arrested at Mo
jave, Appolonio Romero, who stabbed
James Cronin nearly to death on Febru
ary 26th at Danby Station. Cronin was a
section foreman and Romero was a sec
tion hand. For some fancied insult the
latter attacked his superior and inflicted
serious wounds. Cronin's life has hung
by a thread ever since, and he may die.
ITALY WILLING
TO SELL SHIPS
Not the Friend of Spain
When Money Is in
Question.
Has a Torpedo- Boat Destroyer
That May Be Avail
able.
It Is a Vessel of the Class That Is
Most Needed by This Coun
try Now.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 23.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Italy
is now the center of negotiations for
ships which are being conducted by this i
Government. According to information j
received by the authorities the Italian !
Government is favorable to the idea
of permitting an increase of the Ameri
can navy by the purchase of men-of
war under construction for her service.
This information is contrary to reports
which have been published indicating
that Italy, anxious to aid Spain in
every way possible, has no desire to sell
to the United States. The officials are
satisfied that they will be able to pur- j
chase any Italian vessel not actually i
in commission, and they propose to
push negotiations for such ships as
seem desirable.
Unfortunately, none of the armored !
cruisers under construction is advanced I
sufficiently for the purposes of this !
Government. The Varese, which is re- \
ported to have been sold to Argentina, ]
and the Gulseppe. both of which are :
being constructed in a Genoese yard,
will not be roady for sea under eicht
or nine month?.
Embassador Draper at Rome, who 1" >
I carrying on the ship negotiations on !
j behalf of this Government, will proh j
; ably succeed in purchasing the torpedo
i boat destroyer which is nearing comDle- i
I tion at Sestfi Ponente. This vessel ha'i
a nickel steel hull. She is 200 feet lon^
by 21 feet 8 inches beam and has a di.»-
I placement of 298 tons. She is propelled j
by two screws and will have a speed of j
twenty-eight knots. She burns only j
liquid fuel. Ker prmament consists if \
I five six-pounder quick fire and thre»
i torpedo tubes.
Commander W. H. Brownson, who ;
! has been inspecting the Brazilian bnt- ■
i tie-ships buililing in Prance, has <n-
I formed the Navy Department that ;
| these vessels will not be completed for '•
! some months to come. It is probable, |
therefore, that no action will be taken j
by this Government looking to th^ir
purchase unless it should deve.'op that
Spain proposes to buy them. In this
event it is possible the President might
feel it was to the interest of this Gov
ernment to secure the ships,
-c
A TORPEDO BOAT
UP IN THE AIR.
The War Department Is Looking for
All Kinds of Machines to Be
Used in Warfare.
NEW YORK. March 23.— Thomas J. \
Brown, dispatcher on the Missouri Pa- i
dflc at Sedalia, Mo., and who was re- I
cently granted a patent for an aerial j
torpedo boat, received a letter to-day
from Captain J. C. Ayres, recorder of j
the Board of Ordnance and Fortifica- !
tions of the War Department. Captain !
Ayres asked Brown to forward to him j
at once drawings and plans of his boat, j
and that they would be treated as con- |
fidential. This will be done at once.
Brown claims that he has invented
an aerial torpedo boat to be built of
aluminum, which can sail from New
York to Madrid or Havana and carry
sufficient high explosives to be dropped
on either city to completely destroy it.
while a ship would be at its mercy. The
cost of the boat would be $10,000, and it
would require but a few weeks in its
construction. He has a model, but his
scheme is a secret. He said to-night
that in his report to the War Depart
ment he would put the Government in
full possession of his secret. Brown
has made no efforts to bring his tor
pedo boat before the War Department,
and it is believed Captain Ayres' knowl
edge has come through the Patent Of
fice in Washington.
Captain Ayres asks for a full and
minute description and plans and also
complete drawings, showing that the
Government is looking out for new in
ventions in warfare. Brown is confi
dent that his boat will be a success
from the start.
FICTITIOUS LABELS
AND MR. BARHAM
Argument by the Californian
Before the Ways and
Means Committee.
Says the Cummings Bill Is in the
Interest of the New York
Importers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 23.
The House Committee on Ways and
Means to-day gave a hearing on a bill
introduced by Representative Cummings,
which provides that section 344!) of the
Revised Statutes be amended so as to
read as follows:
"Whenever any person sells or keeps
on hand for Bale, ships, transports and
removes any spirituous or fermented li
quors or wines, whether foreign or do
mestic, in bottles, casks or other pack
ages, under any other than the proper
name or brand known to the trade as
designating the kind and o,uality of the
contents of the bottles, casks or other
packages containing the same, or causes
such act to be done, he shall forfeit saiil
liquors or wines and bottles, casks or
other packages, and be subject to pay
a fine of $SDO and to be imprisoned six
months for the first offense, and to pay
a fine of $1000 and be imprisoned one year
for the second offense."
Representative Barham made an argu
ment before the committee to-day, in
which he said that although the bill on
its face appeared to be an innocent meas
ure, it would prevent every manufac
turer of wine or liquor in the United
States from putting upon the bottles or
packages the labels "Cognac," "Zinfan
del," "Bordeaux," "Champagne," etc.,
because these are the names of foreign
brands and are in most cases taken from
the places where the wine or liquor is
made. Under the proposed bill wines
made in California must be labeled with
domestic names, as, for instance, Sono
ma, L,os Angeles, Cloverdale, Napa, It
could not be labeled sherry or zinfandel,
because this would be a misdemeanor
This bill was prepared by New York im
porters for their own benefit and would
if it became a law have the effect of ren
dering liable to prosecution and convic
tion any one who might so brand his
wine. This would crush out all domestic
wines and liquors, said Mr. Barham.
GETS MONITORS
READY FOR WAR
Secretary Long Has a
Busy Day Moving
War Vessels.
Old Defenders of the Nation
Will Be Put in
Order.
New Revenue Cutters That the
Treasury Department Will
Give to the Navy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Secretary
Long had an extremely busy morning.
Mr. Roosevelt and the various bureau
chiefs were with the Secretary for some
time, perfecting the plans for the
speedy completion of the old monitors.
The Bureau of Engineering can put in
the three new boilers with little delay.
The Ordnance Bureau has little to do
on the monitors, owing to the good con
dition of their guns, armament, etc.
The quota of powder for their 15-inch
guns is already sacked and can be put
aboard in a few hours. Mr. Long also
saw a number of public men, including
Senators Proctor and Lodge.
Secretary Long determined to-day to
order the double-turreted monitors fyx
ritan and Terror to Key West, where
they will re-enforce the squadron in
those waters. He also determined to
bring into service the eight single- tur
reted monitors at the League Island
navy-yard, Philadelphia, two of which
will be sent to Boston, two to New
York and four held in reserve at Phila
delphia. The Puritan and Terror take
the place of the battle-ships Massachu
setts and Texas, recently withdrawn
from the squadron at Key West. It was
said at the Navy Department that this
move was in accordance with a pro
gramme previously agreed upon, al
though this programme has not been
announced heretofore. The Puritan, by
many experts, is regarded as the most
formidable fighting machine in the
navy. In addition to other prepara
tions for possible trouble, the Navy De
partment to-day took steps tcrward util
izing ten of the sea-going revenue cut
ters for use along the Atlantic coast.
Captain Shoemaker, chief of the reve
nue cutter service, conferred with As
sistant Secretary Roosevelt during the
day on the plans for turning over these
cutters to the navy. They will be first
sent to Norfolk, where additional guns
will be mc-unted and then will proceed
to Key West and become a part of the
squadron there. Their main service will
be as naval pickets, a fleet of these cut
ters being maintained outside the crui
sers and battle-ships. The revenue cut
ter service now has ready for instant
and active service 124 line officers, 74
engineers, 900 enlisted men and 19 ves
sels, of which 14 are on the Atlantic
coast. Two others are in course of
construction and with rush orders can
be ready for service within three or
four weeks. The Manning, the Gresham,
the Alquoin, the Onondaga, and the
Windom are all new, fast and efficient
vessels and could go anywhere and per
form any service that any vessel of
their class can perform. The Manning
is < onsidered an 18-knot boat. All of
them, it is said, could be quickly con
verted into torpedo-boats or dynamite
cruisers. Whether this last move will
be made Is not yet definitely decided.
Secretary Long said to-day tnat it had
become evident that torpedo boats
could not be bought abroad, and could
net be built soon enough in this coun
try so that we might have to equip
other craft with torpedoes. The Navy
Department opened bids to-day for ex
tensive improvements at Dry Tortugas
and Key West, a formal transfer hav
ing been effected as regards Tortugas,
which passes from the Treasury to the
War Department. These consist of two
solid steel piers to be constructed at
Dry Turtugas, with two extensive coal
sheds and an elaborate mechanical
equipment for loading naval vessels
with coal. At Key West the improve
ments consist of a steel pier and two
coal sheds, with similar machinery for
loading warships with coal. The bids
ranged from $1,151,000 for the entire
work down to about $400,000. The
awards will be made within a day or
two. _^_^_______
SAN PEDRO HARBOR
MATTER HELD UP.
The California Senators Will Do
Their Best to Get the Appropri
ation Put Through.
WASHINGTON. March 23.— There were
no new developments to-day in the San
Pedro -harbor matter and it is still doubt
ful whether the appropriation passed by
the House of Representatives will be re
tained in the sundry civil bill. Senator
Perkins has been working industriously
among his fellow members of the Ap
propriation Committee and paid to-night
he believed that the appropriation would
be included. .-.«_.
In any event no action will probably be
taken by the Senate until White returns.
It is understood that Senator White will
leave Los Angeles on Thursday and will
be here on Tuesday next.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B- -B-B-B-B-B-B-B— B-B-B-B-B-
%£, SCIATICA! :
ySm w? Or ' San(len ' s ElBotric Rplt S
y^^Wj^^/ llliv-OCIIIUBII-u.tiblilllu UCII T
/.f \fe^r 8 C6rtBin burs for lv f
Jl*^J 1 *^ • l^^s ]| Vj^ - Z7OZ 70 " 7 '" c running down through the back of the leg, sometimes to J_
* k- \fflf' ■ the knee, is Sciatica, a species of Rheumatism. It is an affection of the \
« / ' VjjS-' ■ !l*vW sciatic nerve which can be cured only by arousing the life in the nerve-center O
\jKT\^^ }/M at the base of the hip running down through a special method of treating this \
w L I 'ffi' *^ c knee, is Sciatica, a species of Rheumatism. It is an affection of the |
/ rM i sciatic nerve which can be cured only by arousing the life in the nerve-center B
/ m[ mw/$ at the base of the spine. Dr. Sanden has a special method of treating this j
\\ /:M \ \ aHvw^^' trouble. It is a certain cure. * ■ B
\\ I (o 'MA js//(ii(/[w "In two months your wonderful Dr. Sanden Electric Belt cured me B
■il-.'; 1 ■///A w* . ' .of lumbago and sciatica, from which I had suffered for thirty years," _
says Hugh Fraser, 2063 Encinal avenue, Alameda, Cal. ■
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. |
This wonderful appliance is the product of thirty years of study. Nothing else is like it. Its thousands of cures ar c I
its guarantee of merit. It infuses:, a vigorous electric current into the afflicted part. This creates energy, life and |
activity, and restores health. To weak men and weak, women it is worth its weight in gold. Read Dr. Sanden's book about ' ■ -
it and its cures ; free upon application. I
. . ■ ■ " ■'■■ - : *—-____—_* :i f
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 632 Market Street, San Francisco. * * w,?? 00 Tf WARD f* *
DAWUiHN EiijJltflnlU t U., NOTE-Make no mistake in the number- -•„ w . I
. 632 MARKET STREET. . .", Will be paid ; for one •of " H
• M^^mW^m^^PW^timmSl • . - • ■ ■■>- these Belts which fails I
Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los An- to c-pnpratft n. current nt ' " m
ge\es, Cal. 204^ South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street; Den- ' X ° ge " ate a current or ■
ver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. ■ Electricity; • : !
* * ■
-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-fl-B-B-B-B- B-B-B-B-B-B-B- B-B-B-B-B-fl
PRESIDENT
TO FEED
CUBANS
If Spain Resents This
There Will Be War,
Perhaps.
Policy Having an English In
itiative to Which Opponents
of the Administration Do
Not Give Approval.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, March 23.
"Thrice is he armed who hath his
quarrel just." This is to be the ad
ministration's text in dealing with the
Cuban problem. President McKinley
and his Cabinet realize that the Ameri
can Naval Court's finding will be that
the Maine's destruction resulted from
an exterior cause, but that the agency
will always be a matter of doubt. The
liability of Spain for indemnity will
therefore be questionable. It was de
termined a week ago by the President
and his advisers that no demand for'
indemnity should be made unless the
Naval Court's report clearly showed
that the Spanish Government, through
its harbor and police regulations, had
been negligent in protecting a United
States war vessel in the harbor of a
friendly nation.
The President is anxious to have the
sympathy and friendship of European
nations and of the world, and therefore
it is believed that unless the Naval
Court's report clearly shows an out
side explosion and gross negligence on
the part of Spanish officers in Havana
harbor the President will waive his de
mand for indemnity. He believes that
a demand for the relief of the suffering
Cubans would be sanctioned by the
civilized world, and that if Spain should
refuse to allow this Government to al
leviate the distress of the Cubans and
attempt to restrain the President in his
humane work the sympathy of all the
nations would be with this country. If
Spain should by armed resistance seek
to prevent the United States affording
relief to the victims of Spanish cruelty
the President would have a just cause
for armed intervention and European
nations would not interfere.
This, in brief, is the policy to be pur
sued by the administration, and it is
expected the President will take the
first step in his policy of "peaceful in
tervention" next week in the form of a
request for money at the hands of Con
gress to feed and clothe the reconcen
trados of Cuba. The money will un
doubtedly be promptly forthcoming, al
though it is now estimated that it will
cost eight or ten millions of do-liars to
complete arrangements to properly
care for the hundreds of thousands of
sufferers. Congressmen believe Spain
may not permit this without protest or
perhaps armed resistance. The feed
ing and clothing of the recc-ncentrados
would practically destroy the whole
"Weyler-Blaneo system of campaign and
the last hope of starving the people of
the island into submission. The Presi
dent is said to believe Spain will refuse
permission for the landing of the pro
visions, and the United States will then
proceed upon her charitable mission,
using force if necessary to save the
victims of Spanish inhumanity.
If any blood letting results from this
effort to feed the starving and cloth"
the naked, the President would expect
to have his arms upheld by all the na
tions of the civilized world.
Opponents, of the administration crit
icize this proposed method of interven
tion and characterize it as "kindergar
ten statesmanship." They believe Spain
will certainly see through this millstone
and will be prompt to announce her ac
ceptance of American charity, and that
our country will simply be compelled to
support the reconcentrados indefinitely
or until the close of the war.
It is said the suggestion of offering
to- feed the Cuban people was originally
made to the President by Sir Julian
Pauncefote, who assured him of Eng
land's warm approval. Senor Polo de
Bernabe, the Spanish Minister, was
asked by The Call correspondent this
evening if his Government would permit
America to relieve the reconcentrados.
He said it was a question he did not
feel free to answer.
BOARD INSPECTS
MERCHANT VESSELS-
NEW YORK, March 23.— The board ap
pointed to select merchant vessels for the
use of the United States navy resumed
GOVERNOR BUDD
ON THE MILITIA.
NEW YORK, March 23— There
is some difference of opinion ex
pressed by adjutant-generals and,
Governors of the several States
and Territories as to the right of
the President to call upon State
troops should occasion arise.
Many hold, in answer to ques
tions from the Herald, that the
President, as commander - in
chief of the military force of the
United States, is empowered to
call upon military organizations
and send them where he pleases.
Others hold to the contrary, but
almost all say that the men in
the State organizations are will
ing to go if called upon by the
Government.
Governor Budd of California
telegraphs: "The President Is
empowered to call the militia
into actual service to suppress
rebellion, to repel invasion or to
enforce the law, and, when so
called, he is their commander-in
chief. As such, in my opinion,
he may order them to such lo
calities, even without the coun
try, if necessary, to accomplish
these purposes! I am confident
that our National Guard will go
wherever ordered. The proposed
law giving the President power
to call upon the militia direct
without communication with the
Governors I deem unwise and
unnecessary."
its sessions to-day. Several steamers
were examined. The negotiations between
the Morgan Towing Company and the
Government for the sale of the sjteel tug
DeWitt C. Ivins, were concluded to-day.
On receipt of a dispatch from Washing
ton this afternoon the naval auxiliary
cruiser .board took possession of the tug
and proceeded to the navy yard, where
she was formally turned over to the Gov
ernment. The price paid by the Govern
ment for the boat could not be ascer
tained. The DeWitt C. Ivins was
launched last October and is a powerful
sea-going tug of fifteen knots.
It was said at the office of the Morgan
Towing Company that the auxiliary
board is negotiating with the company
for the purchase of the P. P. Wise and
R. C. Veit, sister tugs of the DeWitt C.
ivins. __^
«. .
PERU'S PROVINCES TO
BE GIVEN BACK.
Chile Will Allow Her Beaten Foe to
Pay a Bound Price for the
Territory.
VALPARAISO. March 23.— 1 am in
formed to-day that the Cabinet will not
be dismissed, as was said, but after the
settlement of negotiations with Peru on
the Taena-Arica question, will resign.
At a meeting of the Cabinet yesterday
and another to-day the lacna-Arica
question was considered. President Er
razuriz and Vice-President Billinghurst
were present. It is said the Cabinet de
cided to return two provinces to Peru
without ft plebiscite, giving Peru every
facility for paying 10.000.000 soles for them.
"War talk is heard on all sides, but there
seems to be little reason for it just now.
Chile's flying squadron, after a month's
maneuvering, returned here to-day.
The Change in the Mayflower.
NEW YORK, March 23.— The steam
yacht Mayflower was put into the dry
dock at the navy-yard to-day and will
be immediately transformed into a war
vessel. The rifles which will be put
aboard her are now at the navy-yard and
the torpedo tubes will arrive from New
port within a few days.
34
SECRETARY LONG
SAYS SITUATION
IS VERY CRITICAL
Belief at Washir>gton That the
Maine Report Is More Tfyan
Lively to Provoke War.
BOSTON, March 23.— A Washington special says: "The situation
Is very critical," said Secretary Long this afternoon, but he would not
say on what facts his statement was made.
There is great excitement at the Navy and State Departments. A
long dispatch has been received from Madrid, but Assistant Secretary
of State Day will not make its contents known, although he hurried
with it to the White House. There are persistent rumors that the re
port on the Maine is much more likely to provoke war than has been
generally imagined. The writer has the authority of an official very
near the rank of Secretary Long for saying that it will be difficult to
avoid trouble after the report is made public.
It is impossible to learn the truth or falsity of the rumors, but the
actions of the navy officials indicate that they feel the greatest anxiety.
Secretary Long stated that there is no disposition on the part of
the department to reflect upon Admiral Sicard by relieving him from
active duty in command of the North Atlantic Squadron. Admiral
Sicard has the entire confidence of the President and all who are inter
ested in the navy, and there is only the most friendly regard for him
at the Navy Department. The Secretary says Admiral Sicard has been
in poor health for some time past, and he was given two weeks' leave
on shore with the hope that he would mend sufficiently to resume ac
tive duty. His successor has not been decided upon, and no announce
ment will be made in that connection until the report of the Board of
Survey appointed to investigate hts case is made.
STATE TROOPS
AS VOLUNTEERS
Secretary Alger in Favor
of Making Them More
Efficient.
He Listens With Interest to
Congressman Marsh on
the Subject.
General Miles at the "War Depart
ment to Talk About Fortifying
Torluyas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 23.
Secretary Alger's office at the War
Department presented an unusually
busy aspect to-day. A number of mem
bers of Congress called to have a word
with the Secretary, among them being
Senators Lodge and Hoar and Repre
sentative Marsh of Illinois.
Representative Marsh is chairman of
the H(.-use committee which recently
reported the bill to reorganize the State
soldiery to raise its efficiency and to
appropriate a million dollars for its
.support. Mr. Marsh said he had spoken
to Speaker Reed recently in regard to
the bill and he hoped to be able to call
it up in the House for consideration
within a reasonable time. During his
interview with Secretary Alger Mr.
Marsh urged that in the event of hostil
ities, the first recourse of the Govern
ment for soldiers be the State militia,
who should be invited to volunteer for
the country's defense. These men, he
pointed out, are well organized, well
drilled and officered and are in a posi
tion to render very effective service.
In view of these facts Mr. Marsh be
lieved that it was the duty of the Gov
ernment to call upon these old soldiers
for duty in case they care to volunteer.
If any members or officers of the guard
preferred not to enlist because of fam
ily or business cares and responsibili
ties, then their places might be taken
by volunteers from outside the service.
Secretary Alger was very much in
terested in the arguments made by
Marsh, and. while.not committing him
self on that point, seemed to regard
the suggestions made by him as prac
ticable. Afterward Mr. Marsh called
on President McKinley and repeated
the statement he had made to the Sec
retary.
During the morning Secretary Alger
was also in conference with General
Miles, commanding the army, respect-
Ing the military occupation of Fort
Jefferson, on Dry Tortugas Island. The
determination to garrison this fort has
been reached by the Secretary after a
conference with his aids and the Navy
Department officials, and the questions
now to be met are those of what im
provements in the fortifications now
there may be necessary.
Already a contract has been let by
the Navy Department for dredging a
large part of the harbor of the island
bo as to permit the entrance of large
naval vessels, and to-day bids were
opened for erecting an immense shed
in which the navy will store large sup
plies of coal. It is realized, however,
that without very material improve
ments and additions to the fortifica
tions and armament of Fort Jefferson
it would be impossible to protect the
coal supply from the depredations of
a hostile fleet unless United States
men-of-war were constantly on hand
for that purpose. The armament of
Fort Jefferson at this time consists of
probably over a hundred old-time
smooth bore guns, which would have to
\>o supplemnted by a number of addi
tional ones of modern pattern and ef
fectiveness.
Reports to the War Department show
that about 400 men up to this time
have been enlisted for the two artillery
regiments recently authorized by Con
gress. About 1600 men in all are re
quired. Most of the new recruits are
sent to join old-established regiments
and in many cases experienced men
from the latter are detailed for duty at
the seacoast fortifications.
PROPHETIC LETTER
FROM GENERAL GRANT.
He Showed How Easy it Would Be
for the United States to Capture
Havana.
NEW YORK. .March 23.— The remark
able disclosure is made by Leslie's
Weekly in this week's issue that on
April 30, 1883, General U. S. Grant wrote
to General Adam Badeau telling how
easy It would be for the United States
to capture Havana by a combined at
tempt by our land and naval forces.
In this letter, which is printed in fac
simile by Leslie's Weekly, General
Grant says that "The hostility of the
native population to Spanish authori
ties would make this (the capture of
Havana) a comparatively easy task for
any first class power, and especially
for the United States in case of war
with Spain."
TO REORGANIZE
AMERICA'S ARMY
Committee of the House
Ready to Submit Its
Report.
What Will Be Necessary to
Put the Army on War
Footing.
Definition of the Right 3of the Chief
Executive in Time of
Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 23. — The
army reorganization bill was adopted
unanimously to-day by the House
Committee on Military Affairs, and was
subsequently reported to the House. In
passing upon the measure the commit
tee has disposed of a very significant
point as to the President's functions in
war time. There was a long discussion
over a proposition to insert in the bill
an express provision which would per
mit the President to increase the army
forces immediately in case of a sudden
grave emergency. It was pointed out
that no President ever would take ad
vantage of such a provision and that
President Lincoln had set the example
and his action had been justified sub
sequently. It was felt by some that
where the necessity for hasty action
was great subsequent approval of Con
gress would be sufficient and the Presi
dent should be given some warrant for
such a step vith a requirement to se
cure the approval of Congress at the
earliest moment practicable. The dis
cussion was not on party lines, but the
Republican members of the committee
differed among themselves as to the
wisdom of enlarging the President's
functions in this respect or to have
them remain in statu quo.
It was, however, concluded that it
would be best to allow the conditions
to remain unchanged and the commit
tee inserted a provision modifying ;■■< <•
tion 2, to make previous Congressional
action more binding, allowing the es
tablishment of the third battalion war
formation only upon the declaration of
war by Congress or a declaration that
war exists.
The committee in Its report cites of
ficial reports as showing the increase
of the commissioned force of the line
of the army needed to change it from
a peace to a war footing and puts the
enlisted strength at 104, 354 men, an in
crease of 78,954 men, an equivalent of
66 regiments of volunteers of 1200 men
each. To properly officer these regi
ments would require 66 colonels, 66
lieutenant-colonels, 198 majors, 792
captains, 924 first lieutenants and 792 sec
ond lieutenants, the pay aggregating
$4,939,800. To officer the same number
of troops under the -nrovision of this
bill in time of war would cost as fol
lows:
One hundred and twenty second
lieutenants, cavalry; 84 first lieuten
ants, artillery; 84 second lieuten
ants, artillery, 50 captains, in
fantry; 50 first lieutenants, infan
try, and 350 second lieutenants of
infantry; their pay aggregating $1,078,
600. This, the committee concludes, ef
fects a saving in organization of $3,850,
200 per year.
A NEW FEATURE
IN THE MAINE CASE.
"WASHINGTON, March 23.— The remark
attributed to Admiral Sicard at Key West
yesterday to the effect that the case of
the Maine was perhaps the most peculiar
in the history of modern times is Inter
preted here as clearly indicating that the
direct responsibility for the explosion
cannot be placed. During the progress of
the investigation the law officers of the
Government have been giving the legal
side of the case their close attention and
the statement is made that the case of
the Maine is, indeed, most peculiar. The
records, it is said, do not show that ever
b< fore, in the Intercourse of nations, has
a vessel of one power been destroyed in
the waters of another without, the cause
of the disaster and responsibility be
ing known beyond dispute by any other
nation. If the Court of Inquiry has found.
aa is generally believed, that the respon
sibility for the loss of the Maine cannot
be definitely located, the fact will present
a new feature to the lone list of other
wise similar disasters.
Probably a Canard.
NEW YORK, March 23.— A special
cable dispatch from Madrid to a morn
ing paper says that Blanco has re
signed his position as Captain-General
of Cuba, and Lieutenant-Oeneral Wey
ler Js preparing to leave for Havana to*
succeed him. Weyler openly states that
he has orders from the Minister of War
to be prepared to start for the West
Indies on short notice.
Big Contract for Ammunition.
DERBY, Conn., March 23.— L. I. Driggs
of the Driggs-Seabury Gun and Ammu
nition Company stated to-day that his
company had received a half-million dol
lar order from the Government for am
munltioifc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
SAGASTA GAINS
PUBLIC FAVOR
Every Prospect That the
Next Cortes Will Be
Liberal.
What the War Fever in
America Has Done for
Spain.
It Will Be a Perilous Choice When
the Issue is Finally-
Made.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 23.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Accord
ing to information received here the ag
gressive and warlike spirit in the
United States has had a most unex
pected and probably decisive influence
on the elections about to take place in
Spain. Premier Sagasta j s assured be
yond all doubt of continuing the pr.f
ent Cabinet and having behind it an
overwhelming Liberal majority in the
Cortes.
This is a reversal of all indications
three weeks ago, when the old Cortes
was dissolved. The Sagasta regime,
representing the present government
of Spain, has gained accessions from
all quarters, for the war issue has ob
literated the usual party controversies
and has placed the Sagasta Ministry in
the attitude "f sustaining the honor
and dignity <>f Spain.
Even the Weyler party, representing
the military classes, has lost the for
midable aspect it presented a few
weeks ago. In the opinion of Spanish
representative a here a Liberal victory
is already assured.
This condition promises important
results both in Spain and the United
States. In Spain the hazardous condi
tion cf the Sagasta Ministry in the last
year will be exchanged for one in
which the Liberal Ministry will be
powerfully intrenched. With a Liberal
Cortes the Sagasta policy will have
free rein for the first time since that
venerable leader has returned to power.
The effect of this will be speedily ap
parent. The Cortes will be called to
gether soon after the election. This
will be necessitated by the serious rela
tions with the' United States, and be
sides it is essential that the annual
budget shall be passed by July.
With a Liberal majority there will b«
no apprehension as to budgets, and
whether it be a war loan, a naval ex
tension or an increase of the army that
the requirements of the moment de
mand, the ministry and the Cortes, it
Is said, will be a unit.
On affairs in the United States, so far
; as they relate to Spain and Cuba, the
j effect of a Liberal Cortes will be most
; important. The largest prospects for !
pacific settlement have come thus far
I from the Liberals. General Weyler
j and the reconcentrados were the pro
; ducts of a Conservative ministry and
j Cortes. General Blanco, the abolition
j of the reconcentrados decrees, autono
i my and the release of all Americans
| imprisoned in Cuba were the products
;of aya v Liberal ministry. By the Bams
j standards, the continuance of Liberal
rule gives a basis for pacific compro
■ mise and adjustment, while the return
to Conservative rule would create a
j breach, making a settlement appar
ently impossible.
The approaching Spanish crisis
I promises to exceed in gravity any that
Sixain has met in many years. If th%
Sagasta ministry, is called upon to
ellipse between war with the United
j States and reparation for the Maine
disaster, or American intervention in
Cuba, or American recognition of Cu
ban independence, it will be a perilous
choice for any ministry. It will be in
effect a choice between war abroad ana
j war at home.
SAYS HIS DOCTOR
BETRAYED HIM
A Sensational Case on Trial
in the Courts at Los
Angeles.
George Meyer Wants Damages in
the Sunn of Twenty Thousand
Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGEL.ES, March 23.— George
Meyer, an elderly German, will endeavor
to secure $20,000 from the well-known
Wholesale llrm of Haas, Baruch & Co., for
damages he received from what he
claimed was an injury griven him as a
result of the carelessness ot the firm's
employes. Meyer alleges that as he whs
walking on Los Angeles street he fell into
and down an unprotected and unguarded
elevator shaft of Haas, Baruch & Co.
As a result of the fall he received severe
Injuries.
In this, connection Meyer makes an al
legation of treachery against a local phy
sic ian of repute, Dr. Carl Kurtz. He al
leges that Dr. Kurtz, under misrepresen
tation, secured his signature to the fol
lowing document which defendants will
introduce in the case:
"Received of Haas, Baruch & Co. the
sum of $25 in full satisfaction and dis
charge of all injuries of every kflid, na
ture and description sustained by me by
reason of having fallen down their side
walk elevator shaft on Los Angeles street,
near Allso, and this to be a release In
full nf all claims of every kind, nature
and description which I have against said
linn."
This is signed by Meyer, with Dr. Carl
Kurtz as witness. The case is now on
trial before Judge Shaw and a jury in the
Superior Court. It will be hotly con
tested.
CRiSPI CENSURED BY
ITALIAN DEPUTIES
Arraigned Because of His Connection
With Bank of Naples
Scandals.
ROME, March 2!.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day adopted by a vote of 2>7
to 7 the committee's report recommend
ing "political censure" against former
Premier Crispi, who has been accused of
complicity in the Batik of Naples sean
dala and of illegal trafficking in decora
tions. He will not be prosecutiu.
Before the vote was taken the Minister
of Justice, Signor Gianturco, said the
Chamber could arraign Signor Crispi
after a sentence from the court of oes
sation, but could not taitlate a proaect*
tion and thereby forestall judicial pro
cedure. The resolution at Bignor Rova
sendas. favoring arraignment, was there
upon rejected by a show of hands.
Another resolution declaring that the
facts found in the Investigating enmmit
t< i-s reports were common law offenses
and proposing that the accusations should
be referred to the judicial authorities
■was also rejected by a vote of lt>4 to 106.
The report of the committee was then
adopted.
Barrett Succeeds Gird.
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— Governor
Budd to-day appointed Adjutant-General
A. W. Barrett as a member of the State
Board of Agriculture, vice Richard Gird,
term expired.
ARMY AND NAVY
READY FOR WAR
IN SHORT ORDER
The President Puts a Most Signifi
cant Question to Secretaries
Long and fJlger.
BOSTON, March 23.— The Journal to-morrow will publish the fol
lowing Washington special: President McKinley has formally re
quested Secretary Alger and Secretary Long to inform him -what is the
earliest date on which the army and navy can be put on a war footing.
This is the most significant step which has been taken since the
Cuban crisis became acute. It is the first formal intimation that war
was threatening and close at hand. The response frrrm the army and
navy is encouraging. With the navy it is now a matter of days. Per
haps within a week everything may be in readiness, either for offen
sive or defensive action. A longer time for preparation would put the
service in a more satisfactory condition, but everything is now al
most ready for an immediate emergency.
The army is not quite so well off, said Secretary Alger. It is a mat
ter of time to get In place the great seacoast defense guns and to se
cure the necessary ammunition for large guns and small, but the work
of preparation is making great strides.
The Secretary of the Navy reported to the President that a most
important step had been decided upon. The Government has been un
able to buy the torpedo-boat destroyers which it needs, and the admin
istration had determined to take advantage of the provision of the law
which permits the drafting of the revenue marine by the navy.
MONEY FOR
NAVAL NEEDS
What the Appropriation
Bill Carries for Pacific
Coast Points.
■
Mare Island Fares Well at the
Hands of the Com
mittee.
There Is Not Likely to Be Any Cut
ting Down Under Existing
Circumstances.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 23.
The following provisions contained
in the naval appropriations bill report
ed to the House are of special interest
to Mare Island and the Pacific Coast:
New drydock at the navy-yard, Mare
Island, to cost when completed not ex
ceeding $825,000.
Following is the text of the clause
providing for the construction of one
of the new sea-K->im; battle-ships:
"One and not more than one of the
aforesaid vessels shall be built on or
near the coast of the Pacific Ocean or
in the waters connecting therewith;
provided, that if it shall appear to the
satisfaction of the President of the
United States from the bidding for
such contracts when the same are open
and examined by him that said vessel
cannot be constructed on or near the
coast of the Pacific Ocean, at a cost not
exceeding 4 per cent above the lowest
accepted bid for the other battle-ships,
he shall authorize the construction of
said vessel elsewhere in the United
States."
other items in the bill are as follows:
For the erection of a smokeless powder
factory, $93,727; for the purchase and
manufacture of smokeless powder,
$250,000; navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal.,
for one clerk at $1400; one writer, at
$1017 25; one foreman mason, at $6 per
diem; one foreman laborer, at $5 50 per
diem; one pilot at $4 80 cents per diem;
one draftsman at $5 per diem; one mail
messenger, at $2 per diem, including
Sundays; one messenger, at $2 per
diem; one messenger and lamplighter,
at $2 per diem: one electrician, $1200;
one clerk, at $1200; one clerk, at $1400;
one messenger, at $600; one writer, at
$1000; one writer, $1017 25.
For general storehouses, Mare Island,
two bookkeepers, at $1200 each; two as
sistant bookkeepers, at $720; one re
ceiving clerk, at $1000; one shipping
clerk, at $1000; one bill clerk, at $1000;
one clerk, at $1000; one assistant clerk,
at $1000.
In Yard Pay Office— One writer at one
thousand and seventeen dollars and
twenty-five sents.
Fifty thousand dollars is appropri
ated for repairs and improvements of
the construction plant at Mare Island.
Also the following for Mare Island
improvements: For storage shed for
lumber (construction and repair).
$28,000; coal cylinders, $43,000; extend
ing quay wall, $30,000; shelter roof for
boats, $14,300; plumbers, tinners and
paint shop (construction and repair),
$22,500; bathhouse at United States re
ceiving ship Independence, §1621; wash
house and drying room United States
receiving ship Independence, $3000;
wharf at United States receiving ship
Independence, $2800; extension of oil
house, $8600; sidewalks and roads. $7000;
extension of electric system, $15,000;
tools for yards and dock shops, $6750.
The following appropriations are
made for Puget Sound Naval Station,
Washington: For electric light plant,
$9800; extension of water system, $4007;
steam capstans for drydoek, $832.~>:
steam engineering shop and boiler
house, $56,000; continuing clearing, grad
ing and stumping, $6000: oilhouse. $1700;
dredging, $20,000: establishing tele
graphic communication. $4000; quay
wall, $25,000; in all $132,832. Repaln to
and improvement of construction plant
at Puget Sound Naval Station, Wash
ington, $20,000; machinery plant, na
val station. Port Orchard, Washington,
machine tools to fit out plant for re
pairs of engines, boilers and so forth, of
United States naval vessels, $30,000;
coaling wharf at Japonski Island,
Alaska, $5000.
Ten thousand dollars is appropriated
for the repaiH of marine barracks at
the different stations, including Mare
Island, Bremerton, Washington and
Sitka, Alaska.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, March 23.—Representa
tive dv Yriefl appeared before the Com
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate
to-day and urged that a provision be ln
oorporated in the sundry civil bill for a
restraining dam on the Yuba River.
Pensions: California— Original, Paul
Howurd, Lone Pine, $10; William F. Mills,
Columbus, pi. Reissue, George I. Merri
mann (dead), San Jose, $24. Mexican war
survivors, increase, George W. Hamilton,
Newtrary Park, $s to $12.
Oregon— Additional, Charles B. King,
Yoncalla. $4 to $12. Original widow,
Susan Zeigler, ...alsey, $8.
Washington— Original, Thomas A. Jones,
Sherman, $6. Increase, Jonathan Johnson,
Mineral Falls, $6 to $8. Original widow,
Jane E. Carr, Spanway, $8.
MUNICIPAL
CORRUPTION
The City of Philadelphia
Has a Great Public
Scandal.
One of the Councilmen Con
fesses That He Accepted
a Bribe.
Denies at First, but C»nnot Take
Oath When Pressed by trie
Court.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, March 23.— What
promises to develop into the ugliest po
litical scandal ever inilicted upon this
city was revealed in court here to-day,
when one member of the Council con
fessed the acceptance of a bribe; an
other was accused of a like offense and
two others were charged with offering
the bribes.
The whole affair grew out of the or
dinance offered in Council to lease the
city water works to the Schuylkill
Water Company and the» alleged at
tempt by Nelson G. Green of New
York, representing the company, to ob
tain a favorable report from the water
company by the payment of between
$15,000 and $25,000. During the recent
consideration of the bill in Common
Council Walter G. Stevenson, a mem
ber of that body, charged that $.000
had been offered him by Peter B.
Smith, a member of the Republican
City Committee, to vote for the bill.
A council investigation committee
was appointed and is still at work, but
District Attorney Graham promptly
took up the case, and Smith was held
in $10,000 bail, and to-day's sensational
developments came at his hearing be
fore Judges Gordon and Bregy, of the
Common Picas Court, who sat as com
mittig magistrates.
Councilman I* J. Walker declared
that he and Councilman Edwin E.
Smith had each accepted $500 from
Councilman Charles Seger to vote
for the bill in committee. He also
averred that Councilman J. E. Byram
had previously offered him $5000 to vote
for the bill in the chamber, but he had
refused the money and voted against
it. Stevenson, in consequence of whose
accusation the bill was indefinitely
postponed, was the principal witness
to-day, and he repeated his story with
out change. Smith entered a denial,
but was held for trial.
Councilman Walker was very nerv
ous when called as a witness. At first
he said he did not know Green, had
accepted no money and knew of none
having been accepted.
Judge Bregy then said to him, im
pressively: '"With God as your judge,
were you offered any money?"
"Walker hung his head and after a
moment's silence replied, "Yes, I was,"
and he named the man by whose per
suasion he had fallen. The money, he
said, was paid in Councilman Seger's
saloon, and he had seen Councilman
Edwin Smith receive the $500 at the
same time with himself.
During the proceedings District At
torney Graham asserted: "I know
$25,000 was spent to get the bill through
the committee, and I want to know
who got it." The court will resume the
investigation next Monday.
SEVENTEEN CLEAN SCORES.
Result of the Second Day's Shooting
at Long Branch.
LONG BRANCH, N. J., March 2.l— The
weather to-day was much bettor than tho
shooters had yesterday at the opening of
the sixth annual shooting tournament of
the Interstate Association at Elkwood
Park. When the adjournment was an
nounced, seventeen men out of 100 stood
straight with twelve kills each in the
American handicap. The following men
had scored twelve kills, which was the
highest possible, whet^ i.ne shoot was ad*
journed: Dr. J. L. "Williamson. Milwau
kee; J. A. R. Klliott, Kansas city: C. a.
Young. Springtield, O.; O. W. Ritchie.
Greensburg, Pa.; E. A. Loach, Trippe, S.
D. ; F. V. Van Dyke, Dayton. X. J.: T. A.
Marshall, Keithsburg. 111.; "Walters,"
Long Branch, N. J.; E. D. Fulford. Utica,
N. V. ; U. F. Bender, New York City;
Frederick Gilbert, Spirit Lake. lawk; &.
W. Loomiß, Omaha. Neb.; "Sporting
Life," Philadelphia; G. H. Pierce, Jersey
City; J. B. Savage. New Haven, Conn.;
Jim" Jones, Philadelphia; P. Schwartz Jr.,
Bridesburg, Pa.; \V. \V. Wagner, Wash
ington, D. C.
MURDERER CRAEMER'S
SENTENCE COMMUTED
Life Imprisonment With an Oppor-
tunity to Appeal to the Su
preme Court.
OLYMPIA, Wash., March 23.— Governor
Rodgers to-day commuted the sentence
of Henry Craemor to life Imprisonment.
The commutation gives him an oppor
tunity to appeal to the Supreme Court.
His attorneys claim to have new evidence
which will show his innocence. Craemer
was convicted for the murder of Mrs
Phillippina Mueller nnd child on the
night of August 13, 1594.
The fac-simile y*& _//W/r 1 * is on every wrapper
signature of iAa^/Z7^^^ of CASTOEIA.
FLORAL FETE
WILL BE HELD
San Rafael Ladies Report
in Favor of the Car
nival.
Successful in Their Canvass
of the Town to Gain
Co-operation.
Ten Thousand Club Officials at Once
Begin the Work of Prep
aration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 23.— The com
mittee of ladies having in charge the
work of canvassing the town to ascer
tain the sentiment regarding the hold
ing of a flower carnival, met this morn
ing, with Mrs. A. W. Foster in the
chair. The ladies were most enthusi
astic over the result of their labors and
reported that they had met no opposi
tion whatever. On the contrary, they
had found everybody in full accord
with the plan, so it did not take long to
prepare a report to Chairman Bur
chaell of the Ten Thousand Club
recommending that the carnival be pro
ceeded with and that it be held an May
6 and 7.
The ladies' committee will meet again
in a day or two and take up the matter
of selecting a Queen and Grand Mar
shal.
After the ladies had made their re
port a meetin" of the executive com
mittee <>f the Ten Thousand Club was
hastily called and Mr. Burchaell pre
sented the report. It was adopted with
great enthusiasm, and the members
began at once to arrange for the affair
by appointing various committees, in
which they shared the preliminary
work between the prominent ladies of
this city and the male citizens.
Orange, white and green were adopt
ed as the carnival colors, and head
quarters was secured in the Central
Hotel building, which will be opened
to-morrow. A secretary will be pro
vided, and the rooms will be tastefully
fitted up for the convenience of the
ladies. C. B. Tidball was appointed of
ficial decorator and assistant manager,
and upon him will fall the heavy work
of preparing for the fete. The choice
is an excellent one, as Mr. Tidball has
had large experience in such matters.
A meeting of the Ten Thousand Club
was called for to-morrow night, and
next Monday the executive committee
will meet with the Indies' committee,
when definite plans will be arranged
and a programme agreed upon.
KASSON'S WIDOW SAYS
SHE IS CHILDLESS
Disastrous Day for the Putative Son
and Daughter of the Dead
Rancher.
STOCKTON, March 23.— There was a
bombshell in the Kasson estate case this
afternoon, which seems to settle the con
troversy. The suit is being 1 brought by
an . alleged son j and :an alleged daughter
of old George Hanson, Who was "ft
wealthy pioneer farmer of the West Side,
and left an estate worth over $150,000. The
defense called the former Mrs. Kasson to
the stand as a witness. She swore that
she was the wife of Kasson, and last saw
him in 1861, when ne visited her in St.
Louis. She swore that she never had a
child by Kasson, but was married before
and had one child, who died. The old
lady said she was divorced from Kasson,
she thought, but she was not cross-exam
ined, because she was ill, and will be
called again..
SAYS GOLD IS PILED
UP LIKE CORDWOOD.
Wierd Story a Dawson Resident Tells
in a Letter to a
Friend.
SEATTLE, March 23.— One of tho most
remarkable statements 'that has come
down from Dawson Is contained in a let
ter written by William Emerson. He was
formerly from Everett, this State. He
urged his friend, Charles Manning , to
hasten to the north. An extract from the
letter reads:
"There is enough gold piled up in the
barracks here to fill a wood rack 24 feet
long 4 feet high and 3 feet wide. Joe
Barrett of Snohomish recently took out
$13,000 from twenty-four pans of gravel.
His claim is on Bonanza Creek, a short
distance below Discovery."
DUKE OF DEVONSHIRE
TO BECOME PREMIER.
LONDON. March 24.— The Daily Chron
icle says: ' Wo learn that the long Cabinet
council on Monday was to consider an
intimation that the Marquis of Salisbury,
of his own desire, acting under medical
advice, had determined to resign both
the Premiership and the Foreign Secre
taryship. Our news is obtained from a
source usually trustworthy, but the crisis
may take a few weeks to develop, the
Queen being abroad. Lord Salisbury's
successors are almost certain to be the
Duke <>f Devonshire as Premier and Ar
thur J. Balfour as Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs.
VICTORY FOB, MRS. YOELL.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— Mrs. Emily C.
Toell, wife of Capitalist J. Alexander
Yoell, was to-day granted her discharge j
as an insolvent debtor. Her petition in i
insolvency, which was filed nearly a year
ago. showed her liabilities to be about '
$20,000. She had no assets. Considerable
of her indebtedness was on indorsed notes j
of her son, Attorney ,T. H. Yoell. There j
was a strong objection made to her tak- ;
ing advantage of the insolvency proceed- i
ings, the creditors alleging her husband
of great wealth, and because of his
financial standing she had obtained
credit.
A few months ago Mrs. Yoell sued her
husband for divorce, alleging great cru
elty, extending over a period of . thirty
years, but a compromise was effected and
the case dismissed.
SCHOOL BOARD LEAGUE.
SACRAMENTO. March 23.— A large
number of prominent citizens met to
night at the Golden i^agle Hotel for the
purpose of forming an organization for
the protection of tho State textbook system
and also for the purpose of furthering
the renomination of A. J. Johnston, who
is known as a friend of the system, for
State Printer. Hon. F. R. Dray was
elected chairman and an executive com
mittee was appointed to formulate plans
for carrying out the objects of the meet
ing. The name adopted for the organi
sation was the California State School-
Book League.
Croly's Condition Improved.
SACRAMENTO. March 23.— Charles Le
Roy and James Searight, the murderous
burglars, were this afternoon held to
answer to the Superior Court in the sum
of $10,000 each for robbing a Japanese
The condition of E. J. Croly, who was
shot by one of the burglars, Is greatly
improved.
MARIN WANTS
THE DRYDOCK
Site at Point San Pedro
Offered to the Navy
Department.
Capital Location for the New-
Structure Authorized by
Congress.
It Is Well Guarded ond the Frash
Water Prevents Invasions by
Teredoes.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL, March 23.— A great
effort is being made to have the dry
dock to be built on the Pacific Coast
located at Point San Pedro, about three
miles from this place. Congress within,
the last two weeks passed a bill pro
viding for the construction of a large
drydock on the Pacific < '<>iist, to cost
$825,000. and Mann County wants the
structure erected within its borders.
John A. McNear. a brother of George
McNear, the grain merchant, and the
owner of 1600 acres of property near
San Pedro, has offered to give to the
Government a site near Point San Pe
dro for the drydock.
The advantages of the locality are
unquestionably fine. Not only is the
place a sheltered one but it is also far
enough inland to be protected. In tha
event of war a hostile ship would hava
to pass through the Golden Gate and
pass Alcatraz and Angel islands before
It could reach the flrydock. At the
wharf there is a depth of 40 feet, which
gradually increases to 100 feet about SO
feet out. The excellent facilities for
anchorage are put forward as another
point in favor of San Pedro.
There is an entire absence of ter
edoes because of the fresh waters from
the rivers flowing past the place. Piles
erected twenty-five years ago at the
point are still intact, the salt water in
sects not venturing in the fresh water
to carry on their work of devastation.
The necessity of dredging is done away
with. This is considered a big item, as
the dredging at Pinole Point, where, it
was suggested, the drydock might be
built, would cost in the neighborhood
of $200,000.
Telegrams and letters by the score
are passing between Washington and
this place. The chances of securing
this big Government station are excel
lent, and if success crowns the efforts
of the people at Marin County an elec
tric railway from San Rafael to Point
San Pedro will be constructed.
WATSON OF GEORGIA
IS OUT OF POLITICS
Declines the Gubernatorial Nomina-
tion Tendered by Populists of
His State.
NEW YORK. March 22.— An Atlanta
(Ga.) special to the Herald says: Thomas
K. Watson, late Populist Vice-Presidential
candidate, will, editorially, in a Signed
statement in his p»jM t»-ninrrow. an
nounce his declination of the nomination
for Governor by the Populists of Georgia,
and, at the same time, his withdrawal
from the political field and his return for
all time to the practice of law and litera
ture. This announcement cornea from
the manager of Mr. "Watson's paper. Ilu
said to-night:
"Mr. Watson has declined the guberna
torial nomination unanimously tendered
him by the Populists of Georgia. While
he is still a linn believer in the Popuiist
creed, he can see no hope in the near
fulur" for the masses, owing to thp dis
ruption in reform forces caused by tho
attempt at fusion. Mr. Watson retire*
from politics finally, as he will announce
to-morrow, and will devote his time to the
law and to writing."
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Mrs. O. A.
Batchelder and J. C. Stedman of San
Francisco are at the Riggs House. R.
A. Perry of San Francisco is at the
Raleigh.
GRAND.
. The vigor of man. But unless properly
guarded it gets to be unreliable. Take the
man who indulges in too rich food; who eats
and drinks to excess. He finds spots before
his eyes he has a liver that is out of order.
He finds his system running down, and then
he sees that he is no longer what he was — a
full-powered man. He gets disheartened
and discouraged. He is always "down in
; the mouth," and he is afraid to assume his
regular duties for fear of failure, and it may
be that he is conscious that he cannot per-
form them at all. What can he do? If he
will but seek the path to life, strength and
fine vigor, it may readily be found. "Hud-
yan" not only shows the way, but places the
feet on a straight path that leads to renewed
vitality. How many men have this story to
tell? Hundreds upon hundreds in this State
alone.
S Flabby skin and no digestion. J5
•]i; Always discouraged. Q
ft • . Then "* Hudyan." S
<j} Spirits brighten up. w
5; Power, vigor and life return. «--
ss«o»«ooo»aaooiBoaoaao8
The great work that is accomplished by
"Hudyan" is this: It places the man on his
feet in the full power of the man he was a
few years ago, and a few years before he
began to abuse the privileges with which he
was endowed. You must not eat too much,
you must sleep enough, and you must use
all your functional rights sensibly. But
. should you err, or have erred, your strength
is in no danger of extinction. Ask the Hud-
sonian doctors to send you quite free of cost
circulars and testimonials telling you all
about what "Hudyan" has done and is doing
in all parts of the Union. Ask for doctors'
\ advice, too, for that is likewise free. If you
happen to have blood taint in any form get
"30-Day Blood Cure" circulars. They cost
nothing, either. The cure in your case is
assured you if you are treated. "Hudyan"
does not know a single failure nor does
"30-Day • Blood , Cure. "
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STfl^
San Francisco.RICH HAUL MADE
BY THE ROBBERS
GOT AWAY
WITH SACKS
OF MONEY
Wells-Fargo's Heavy
Loss in the Traver
Hold-Up.
Outlaws' Booty Estimated
at From $40,000 to
$80,000.
Most Successful Train Robbery
Executed in California
in Years
SKILL OF THE BANDITS.
Held the Trainmen at Bay While
They Calmly < arried-Out Their
Plmis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. March 23.— The looting of
the express and mail cars of the north-
I Southern Pacific passenerer train
reek trestle, four miles north
of Traver. last night, was one of the
most successful and cleverly planned
holdups ever committed in this State.
Several trains had been held up at the
place before, hut none so skill
fully. Two daring bandits obtained all
tho treasure in the express car, and
also the United States registered mail.
They did not leave a clew to their
ty. The amount of their booty is
estimated at from $40,000 to $SO,OOO. A
well-known railroad official made a
conservative estimate of $60,000.
The robbers boarded the train at
n and were seen by four tramps
(two white men and two colored boys)
to climb upon the blind baggage, be
tween the express car and the mail car.
They were supposed to be hobos. The
robbers climbed on top of the express
car when about two miles out from
Goshen and got down to the engine ten
der. One of the men told the tramps to
keep quiet and they would not be hurt.
The bandits were disguised by black
masks. They were medium sized and
weighed perhaps between 160 and 170
pounds each. They carried Winches
ters and revolvers.
They crawled over the coal on the
tender and made their presence known
to the engineer and fireman by calling,
"Hands up." Engineer James Moore j
and Fireman "Irish Dan" turned
around to see what was the matter.
Each was covered by a revolver and
their hands went up with alacrity.
You will not be hurt; we are not
after you fellows," said one of the ban
dits, who seemed to be the leader.
Engineer Moore started to shut off
the steam and stop the train, but the
spokesman for the robbers ordered him
to desist After running for about a
•mile Cross Creek trestle was approach
ed. This was the spot that the out
had selected for the robbery. It is
a lonely spot, surrounded by miles of
alkali plains. Clumps of willows along
the creek afforded a convenient hiding
for confederates. The creek
Is around so that within 100 feet
: rack crosses it twice.
Engineer Moore was instructed to
st,,], so that the baggage car would
; on a narrow strip of ground be
tween the two trestles. This left the j
robbers an advantageous position for j
nse in case a posse was organized |
lest them at their work. No one
could approach the little knoll of lana
without first crossing over the creek in
tip front or the rear.
\\ hen the train came to a standstill
ngineer and fireman were ordered
I out >>f tbeir cab and accompany
the robbc-rs. As soon as they reached
the ground the bandits began firing
toward the rear of the train to intimi
date the passengers and keep them in
t!.> cars.
Brakeman J. C. Nowells jumped off
when the train stopped to go forward
iiinl inquire into the cause of the delay.
Hardly had he touched the ground be
the robbers detected him and seni
; . fusillade of bullets whizzing around
tead. His lantern made a good
mark for the shooters and was hastily
dropped- Nowells did not inquire into
the particulars, but climbed back upon
:. passenger car. Sf-veral bullets hit
the car near the brakeman.
About this time Southern Pacific De
tective < ). J. Meade, who was a passen
ger on the train, jumped off the smok
ing car and opened fire on the robbers,
v. h" were some distance away prepar
ing to blow <.]"-n tin: express car door
with a dynamite bomb. The bandits
directed their shots toward the detec
tive, ,-trni he retreated after firing three
from his revolver. Meade en
deavored to organize a posse among
tli" passengers for the purpose of cap
turing the robbers, but the men on the
train were not anxious to go bandit
hunting and refused to accompany the
detective
Tli'- engineer and fireman were com
pelled to keep in front of the robbers
as protection for the latter's bodies.
Express Messenger Charles Pease- was
ordered to open his door, but pluckily
refused A dynamite bomb was then #
placed .ipainst the door oi the express
car and the fuse lighted. There was a
loud explosion and the door crashed to
pieces. Pease refused to come out of
the <:ir He was armed and stood ready
to blow off the first head that came in
Bight Engineer Moore called to the
senger not to shoot, as he and the
firemen were in front of the bandits.
••! will shoot the first man that enters
the car," defiantly answered Pease.
"We will fix you, then," said one of
the robbers.
He lighted the fuse on a dynamite
bomb and threw the destructive missle
through the open door of the express
car, intending to kill the messenger.
Pease called out that he would sur
render, and with great presence of
mind picked up the bomb and threw it
out of the car. A moment later it ex
ploded. The bandits allowed Pease to
jump out of the car »md surrender.
"We did not want to hurt you, any
way," said the leader.
One of the men then climbed into the
express car and placed a heavy charge
of dynamite on top of the big through
pafe. He ignited the fuse and Jumped
VISALI4 March 23.— An important clew to the train robbers came
to light to-day here. Supervisor Eilis and Bert Smith of this place
found two strange men in an empty barn on a deserted ranch about
a mile from the scene of the robbery on Tuesday at noon. Ellis and
Smith took their horses to the ranch to pasture. One man was asleep
and the other awake. They had a livery team and a new buggy. The
man who was awake told Ellis they were going to Bakersneld and
camped there over night. They had several packages in the buggy
and cooking utensils. .
Ellis became slightly suspicious of their actions, for they made no
sign of moving on even after noon. The man awake was short, heavy
set about 30 years old, and had a rough beard. The other man had his
fa,'*- 'covered up in the blankets, and was apparently asleep all the time
Ellis and Smith wore at the ranch.
out of the car. The men withdrew
some distance and waited for a mo
ment for the explosion. There was a
terrific explosion and parts of the ex
press rar went flying in all directions
The sides and top of the car were com
pletely demolished. A large piece i of
roof landed on a telegraph pole The
contents of the car were converted into
a pile of rubbish. The .concussion
caused the lights in the mail car to go
out. A number of lights in the passer,
ger cars were extinguished and the
passengers were panic stricken.
One of the outlaws climbed upon the
wrecked car and leisurely filled tw.
sacks with money that was found in
the safe. The top of the safe and the
door were demolished by the explosioi
but the golden treasure was at tn°
bottom. After filling his sacks with
gold the robber handed them to the
engineer and fireman-
The mail car was then visited I
contained George W. NickeU and Ber
Lamkln, mail agents, and J. F. Me
Donald, weigher. They wore compell
,1 to open the door of the car. Th
lights that had been extinguished had
E St been relighted. The excited mes
sengers were ordered to light th
lamps After the request had been com
plied with one of the bandits enteret
the car The three men were lmec
against the wall and compelled to hol<
Up their hands. A robber searche
through the mail pouches and nnall
took possession of the registered pouch
This contained several thousand dol
lars in greenbacks.
The desperadoes then compelled tn
engineer and fireman to carry th
booty from the express and mail car
to a" clump of willows some distanc
away Engineer Moore was instructe
not to leave the trestle with the trai
until l°:30 o'clock, and was allowed t
return to the engine with his fireman
The robbery was completed at ll:*<
within forty-five minutes after th
train was stopped. Only two men wer
seen but it is believed that a thin
man remained in the bushes to hoi
the bandits' team. The men loaded th
stolen gold into a buggy and drov
away rapidly. They went north an
persons in Traver heard the bugg
passing through the town about 1
o'clock. It Is four miles from Cros
Creek to Traver, and this would giv
just sufficient time for the trip afte
leaving the scene of the robbery.
E D Morton heard the rig passin
through Traver. He said that th
noise awakened him. From the sound
he judged two men were on horsebae
and were followed by a double rig. Per
sons in a saloon also heard the n
passing, and it was being driven rapid
lv north. A buggy passed throug
Selma at about 1 o'clock, and it is sus
pected it was the one that was hear
at Traver. ,
Sheriff Scott and his posse arrived a
the scene of the holdup at about
o'clock. The wreck had just bee
cleared away so that the north-boun
train could proceed on its journey, in
ruins of the demolished express -r
were hauled onto the Cross Creek sid
ing and this required nearly four Uour
work Th" sheriff and posse boarde
the train and interviewed the conduc
tor, engineer and others in regard t
the robbery. The engineer describes th
robbery as follows:
•We left Goshen Junction at 10.
and were about two miles out wh<
the rrbbers came over th? tendar and
without warning called for us to throw
up .ur hands. We looked around and
were facing the robbers, who had us
covered. It was a thrilling sensation
looking down those guns an v expecting
then to go off at any moment. 1
pul.ed the lever to stop the engine, but
one of the bandits told me to keep on
until the Cross Creek trestle was reach
ed We could make no resistance and
therefore quietly obeyed the orders
hurt if you obey
us ' said one of them.
"'"'The robbers wore black masks over
their faces. They were medium-sized
men but owing to the darkness they
could not be seen distinctly. ._.__,,
It is reported that the train containe
bullion from the Randsburg mint
worth $30 000, besides heavy shipment
Of money from Los Angeles. It canm
be ascertained how much wealth th
registered letters contained.
In one of the passenger cars was J
T McElvain, an officer from San Ber
nardino County, who was taking
prisoner to San Quentin. The prison
sat on the inside of the seat and w;
handcuffed. A bullet struck the ca
just above the seat. Had it been sh«.
at a little greater angle it would nay
entered the car, and, perhaps, kil.e
the prisoner, or more likely the pers.,
who sat back of him.
"As soon as the train slowed down,
said the officer, -and I heard the three
shots which Meade fired, I knew we
had been held up. There was nothing
to do but to keep our seats, which we
did Soon Meade came back into tne
car and asked if any one had pistols.
I told him that I had, but that I want
ed it myself. None of the passengers
would venture out of the car. Two fel
lows who were sitting opposite me ar.<i
who were under the influence of liquor
rushed out to the platform, but soon
came back Into the cars."
One of the hobos who were on tne
train rode to this city. He said there
was a tramp on the express car when
the safe was blown up. He was told to
get off but would not do so. being
either too afraid to move or half asleep.
The fuse was set to the dynamite and
he was hurled from the car. being
pitched a distance of twenty feet. Ho
was not injured further than having a
gash cut in his head.
While the train remained several
went along the sides of the cars look
ing for bullet holes, and another, be
sides that already referred to, was
found. It was below a car window and
took a chunk out of the wood.
Sheriff Scott and Deputy Peck re
turned at 5 o'clock this evening from
the pursuit. They drove from Selma to
Kingsburg this morning, where the
Sheriffs of Kings, Tulare and Fresno
counties held a brief consultation at 9
o'clock, and the three started in differ
ent directions. Scott and Peck took a
freight train for this city. Timmins
and Deputy Constable Henry started to
beat the country southeast of Kings
burg and have not been heard of here.
Sheriff Scott, when seen upon his re
turn, said that no tangible clew had
been obtained.
"This morning at 9 o'clock," he said,
"Sheriff Van Buckner of Kings Coun
ty Sheriff Merritt of Tulare, Detective
Meade and myself held a conference in
Kingsburg and then started out in dif
ferent directions. Peck and myself
came this way, going from Kingsburg
to Solma in a buggy. I don't know
which way the others went, as w? left
first. We could not get much informa
tion from the trainmen, as they were
pretty much excited. They could not
give any description of the men, and
could not even tell the color of their
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
hair. It was hard to do any tracking,
as the sand is loose and no distinct
tracks were made. From the buggy
%vheels, however, it is pretty certain
that the robbers went north. They
crossed Kings River, I think. After
crossing the river they could go in any
one of several directions. They could i
have come on this way or followed the
course of the river in either direction.
If they are looking for hiding-places j
they would probably follow the course j
of the river. There is a roadway along
there and the brush affords shelter."
"Do you believe that the men be
longed in this part of the country?"
was asked.
"Well, that is something that I
would not venture an idea on," an
swered the Sheriff. "They evidently un
derstood their business thoroughly,
that's one thing sure."
Sheriff Scott believes that there were
at least three robbers and Meade
claims to have seen that number.
Deputy Sheriff Boust was working
all day to-day to find out what he
could in reference to purchases of i
dynamite in this city. He found that
a quantity of the explosive was pur
chased on Saturday and more on Mon
day. The dynamite was sold here by
Einstein & Co., the Kutner-Goldstein
Company and Donahoo & Emmons.
Most of what was bought was pur
chased on Saturday, but none of the
salesmen were able to give the officer
a description of the purchaser. It is
believed among the officers that the
robbers started from this city and that
they procured their dynamite here.
The powder house of Barrett Hicks
was looted by burglars, and it is be
lieved the job was done by the rob
bers.
This evening Sheriff Merritt of Tu
lare returned to Visalia. He traced
the robbers into the Kings River
swamps and believes they have taken
shelter there. That is a hard country
through which t<> follow them and the
chances are that it will be several
days before they can be beaten out of
the swamps.
Messenger Pease is said to have sent
a dispatch to San Francisco that the
haul made by the robbers was not as
large as was at first supposed.
Shortly before 8 o'clock this evening
the first arrest was mad^. Sheriff
Scott took into custody Joe Foster, a
rancher, who has been farming in the
Wildflower country, and locked him up
on suspicion. Foster was found in
Richard Tenant's saloon on 1 street.
Sheriff Scott heard near the scene of
the robbery that Foster was in that
vicinity on the night of the holdup and
also learfied that he came to town at
8 o'clock this morning. He was not at
home last night. From these facts
the Sheriff concluded to lock him up
to make a more thorough investigation.
Sheriff Scott is rather reticent about
the arrest, but said he would know in
the morning whether he would hold
Foster.
Foster is said to b? an ex-convict. He
has a hard reputation here and has
been arrested on several felony
charges, but the officers! of this county
have never been able to convict him.
RAID ON THE MAIL CAR.
Robbers Carried Away the Valuable
Contents of the Sacks.
OAKLAND, March 23.— Bert Lamkin,
who was in the mail car of the train
robbed near Traver, lives at 1010 West
street, this city.
"I was sleeping on the rack at the j
time and woke up when the train !
stopped with a sudden jerk and the j
shooting began," said he to-day. "I j
knew immediately that we were in a
hold-up. The robbers tackled the ex
press car first, calling upon the bag
gagemen to open up. They wouldn't j
do it and so the fireman was made to !
throw a bomb at the door, but it did !
not do any damage. Messenger Pease i
was told to open the door or a big j
bomb would be placed under the car
and he would go up with it. He then got '
out and went away. Then the robbers
went into the car and put a large bomb
on top of the safe.
"When this exploded the concussion '
was terrific. It shook the whole train j
and completely shattered the car, be- i
sides tearing off the top of the safe.
The debris was scattered everywhere, j
and in this way considerable money I
was overlooked, because the robbers
did not take time to pick it up.
"When the men left the express car !
all was quiet for a few minutes. Mean- i
while our gas in the mail car had gone
out. Shortly a knock was heard on the
door of our car and Nickel] went to the
door to answer it. One man with a re
volver told us to light up again, which
we did while he covered us?.
"The next command was 'Dig up that
stripe,' meaning the registered mail.
He seemed to know all about the loca
tion, of the pouches, for he drove us
down in the corner where the valuable
pouch was and told us to hand it over.
He made the fireman cut the bag open
and dump the contents into a smaller
pouch. He took that off with him and
told the engineer, Frank Storey of
Fresno, not to move for an hour or he
and his engine would he blown up.
"Storey was too scared to move and
so obeyed orders, while a detective who
happened to be on the train followed j
the robbers as best he could a-s they j
made off through the night. The rob- I
ber who came into the car was about '
five feet six inches tall, weighed about !
ISO pounds, wore a black mask which
hung to his breast from a slouch hat,
which covered his face completely. He !
had a dark suit of clothes and had a
Smith & Wesson revolver. The other
man stood outside with a rifle, and we
could not get a good view of him."
HAD A TEAM IN WAITING.
Robbers Departed Toward the La
guna de Tache Country.
TULARE, March 23.— Thomas Dob
son of Goshen heard a double team
drive at full gallop going north just
before last night's train hold-up. The
team was attached to a light buggy
and was evidently headed for Cross
| Creek to await the robbers and carry
I them away when the job was done. An
; investigation to-day shows that a
i double team was in waiting. The
horses were unshod. The trail of
robbers leads north into Fresno
County. It is believed they will be
i found in the Laguna de Tache country,
I a large tract on the west side of the
valley. Some profess to believe the
robbers have doubled on their tracks
j and have thrown the officers off the
| tra.iL Few clews are obtainable. Offi
cers of Fresno, Kings and Tulnre coun
! ties, with able deputies, are straining
every nerve to apprehend the culprits.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SIGHTS A BOAT
FROM THE LOST
SHIP PELICAN
Captain of the Falkirk Reports
the Discovery of a Trace of
the 111-Fated Vessel.
TA.COMA, March 2S.— The first discovery of any probable trace of the
tramp steamship Pelican, which sailed from Puget Sound for China on
October 12 last, is reported by the British ship Falkirk, Captain Helmes,
which arrived from Shanghai several days ago. When about half way
across, and off the coast of the Aleutian Islands the Falkirk sighted
an empty lifeboat floating on the ocean and nearly filled with water.
It was a quarter of a mile distant and tossed about by a fearful storm.
The lowering of boats to make an investigation was impossible because
the Falkirk had been in the teeth of a tremendous gale and was scarce*
ly out of danger. Besides, she had miraculously escaped only a few days
previous from destruction by a waterspout, making all on board anx
ious to reach the region of fewer storms.
When the lifeboat was reported Captain Helmes had just turned in
after twenty hours' continuous service on the bridge. He returned to
his post to discover the name it bore, if possible. Had the sea been
less turbulent he would have ordered the men to the rescue of the
sinking boat, with the faint hope of learning something regarding the
fate of its former occupants. But the lives of his men were too prec
ious to be risked when none were endangered, and the empty boat was
Captain Helmes reported his discovery to the Northern Pacific
Steamship Company, the charterers of the Pelican, but it was not
made public until this afternoon. Shipping men agree that the lifeboat
must have belonged to the Pelican and declare it may be the only trace
ever found. In the first place the boat was seen in the direct pathway
traversed by the Pelican and other Northern Pacific steamers in fol
lowing the great circle between America and. Asia, which circle skirts
the Aleutian Islands. The Pelican had crossed the ocean by this route
several times, and was to have taken it on her return trip.
In the second place, so far as known, the Pelican and the Ameri
can schooner Nomad are the only vessels missing on the route tra
versed between the Asiatic Coast and Puget Sound. Captain Helmes
says positively the lifeboat he saw had overlapping boards on its side,
after the fashion of British-made lifeboats, whereas the American
made boats, which the Nomad had, have smooth sides.
The Northern Pacific Steamship Company has always entertained
the hope' that the Pelican had become disabled and put in to some
Aleutian island to await a passing boat. If this were done, it is pos
sible that the boat sighted by the Falkirk had put out to intercept a
passing steamer and procure assistance. In that event the Pelican's
crew has perished ere this, as she carried provisions for only thirty
The Pelican's cargo consisted of railroad ties for Taku, China. She
was commanded by Captain Gove and had a crew of forty men, whose
friends now give them up as lost.
JOINT TRAFFIC
BUREAU FALLS
Will No Longer Control
Rates on Western
Railways.
Organization Too Expensive
for the Services It
Renders.
Will Handle Only Routine Matters
Until Its Contract Term
Expires.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 23.— The Western
Joint Traffic Bureau, as far as its
power to control or direct the actions
of the Western roads in rate making
is concerned, has passed out of exist
ence. Chairman Midgely, who has
been at the head of the Western
Freight Association and later at the
head of the Joint Traffic Bureau, will
retire on the first of next month and
leave matters in the hands of Commis
sioners Parker, Shule, Courtright and
Wellington. The roads have a con
tract with these Commissioners that
has one year to run, and during that
time they will be employed in looking
after the freight rate sheets, the com
pilation of statistics and similar mat
ters. They will have nothing to do
with the making of rates or their
maintenance in any part of the West
ern territory.
Commissioner Parker will be at the
head of the organization for one year,
and then such action will be taken re
garding its continuance as shall at that
time be determined by circumstances.
All this was settled at a meeting of the
executive officers of the roads which
are members of the Joint Traffic Bu
reau to-day. There was a general
opinion that the organization had be
come too expensive for the services it
was able to render to the railroads, and
it was a foregone conclusion that its
powers would be limited very largely.
There was not work for all the Com
missioners, and as the contract of
Chairman Midgely had expired and
those of the other Commissioners had
still a year to run. It was decided that
they should have the control of the or
ganization during the life of their con-
The bureau will be able to do very
little beyond the handling of routine
matters 'from now on. The organiza
tion has been a failure as a means of
maintaining and controlling rates ever
since the promulgation of the Supreme
Court decision, declaring illegal all or
ganizations having for their object the
control of rates.
The roads of the Central Passenger
Association have decided to make a
rate of two cents per mile one way for
the round trip to the annual encamp
ment of the Knights of Pythias, which
takes place in Indianapolis in the early
part of September.
THORPE SEATED IN
THE LOWER HOUSE
Election Contest From Virginia
Decided by a Strictly
Party Vote.
WASHINGTON, March 23. -R. T.
Thorpe was to-day given the seat from
the Fourth Virginia District. Sidney P.
Eppes who obtained the certificate of
election, was unseated by a strict party
vote of 151 to 130. The Republicans with
out a break voted for Thorne and the
Democrats and Popu'if^- with the excep
tion of Howard of Alabama, a Populist,
voted l for Kppes. Thorp- contested the
seat of Kelley in the last Congress and
w<m seated The Republican majority in
t hY House which was fifty-two when the
House convened last summer, is now firty-
f °Rhea of Kentucky and Hay of Virginia
snoke in Eppes' favor, and Thorpe ad
dressed the House in his own behalf. At
5 o'clock the House adjourned.
Death at Woodland.
WOODLAND. March 23.— Mrs. C. S.
Frost, one of the oldest residents of Yolo
County, died last night from the effects
of a paralytic stroke.
NOT IN FAVOR
OF FUSION
Leading Oregon Populists
Declare Against a
Combine.
Signs Portentous of War in
the Convention at
Portland.
Democratic and Republican Delegates
Appoint Committees to
Confer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., March 23.— The j
Populist, Democratic and Free Silver
Republican State conventions met in j
this city to-day. The Democrats and
Silver Republicans effected a perma
nent organization, but the Populist con
vention was still working under a tem
porary organization when an adjourn
ment was taken until to-morrow.
The sentiment expressed in the Dem
ocratic and Free Silver Republican
conventions to-day was unanimous in
favor of fusion of forces in the coming
campaign. There was a different state
of affairs in the Populist gathering. K.
C. Luse, national committeeman, J. C.
Young, chairman of the State Central
Committee, State Senator E. H. Holt
and other Populist leaders expressed
themselves as opposed to fusion until
it can be accomplished under the name
of the Populist party and on the Popu
list platform as adopted at Omaha. It
was, however, demonstrated in the
election of a temporary chairman that
a majority of the Populist delegates fa
vor fusion in some form.
The Populist committee on creden
tials was appointed early in the after
noon and immediately commenced
work. Later word was sent to the con
vention that the committee would not
be able to report to-night. After sev
eral hours of speeehmaking an ad
journment was taken until to-morrow.
There are contesting delegations
from three counties, and to-night it is
apparent that a fight will be precipi
tated in the convention to-morrow be
tween the fufionists and the middle
of-the-road delegates when the cre
dentials committee makes its report.
Th*» Democrats and Free Silver Re
publicans each appointed a committee
of nine delegates on platform and nine
on conference. It is probable that
when the Populists effect permanent
organization a committee will be ap
pointed to confer with the Democrats
and Silver Republicans. The first work
of the conference committees will be
the drafting of a platform upon which
all three parties can stand. Should
they be successful in this the work of
a division of the offices will be under
taken.
CRESCENT CITY DERBY
WON BY PRESBYTERIAN.
Classic Event on the Closing Day of
the New Orleans Racing
Meet.
NEW ORLEANS. March 23.— The Cres
cent City Jockey Club meeting ended to
day with the $4000 derby, at a mile and an
eighth.
Seven furlongs, selling— Lillian E won.
Gold Corn second, Evaline third. Time,
I:2SVi.
One mile, selling— Jack Hayes won,
Galgri second, Swift third. Time, I:43V*-
One mile and a quarter, selling — Mttt
Bovkin won, Elyria second, Rockwood
third. Time, 2:09.
Crescent City derby, one mile and an
eighth— Presbyterian 119 (T. Burns), 9 to
10 won; Joe Shelby 115 (Sullivan), 8 to 1,
second; Dinsmore 115 (A. Barrett), 10 to 1,
third. Time, l:55Vz. Isabey and Nabob
also ran.
Mile selling— Headlight won, Bob White
second, Alamo third. Time. i:43.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling— First
Ward won, Henrica second, Elsie Bram
ble third. Time. 1:21^.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. March 23.— W. G. Marrow
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan.
Mr. de Leur of Ix>s Angeles is in Paris.
THE EMPORIUM.
f&¥¥¥*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*&
* Another Delorme Painting Coming. . 5
* ■ ■■
[Exhibition Week I
iAt California's largest and America ;
| grandest store. The first complete show-
♦ ing of all stylish things that will be worn 5
I during the coming spring and summer. ]
♦ ' A thousand cases of new merchan- ,;
* disc tastefully displayed. !
* ■=========== '" •'■" — ' ■ 1
» • - ■ ■ „
* C*\nmt*+ To-morrow AFTERNOON (not evening) Kirch- <
Jj I^OllCerX ner ' s Famous Lady Orchestra, which recently \
£■ Frirl^ai/ P M played an engagement at Madison-square Gar- «
*I I luay r. ITI. dm^ ew York, will give a delightful concert. ;
* Patrons from near-by towns who have never been able to come to one <
* of tbe popular Saturday-night concerts will enjoy a visit to tbe store «
* to-morrow. , . *
t Among the soloists are the Ttirectress, Miss Anna Killian, vio- <
* linist; (Miss Ella Kirchner, musical specialties; "Purita," soubrette \
{ and solo singer; (Miss (May Simpson, trombone soloist; Miss Patsy ,
* Jane Holcomb, cornet virtuoso. ;'
» ■ \
I Rousing Dress Goods :
I Special-Three Days— i
%■ A wonderful display and offering this week of the new and |
* really high-class fabrics for spring of '98. Thousands of pieces ,
* of the very choicest, bought and priced as though there had been j
* no large advance in tariff since last spring. Among the correct ,
% weaves that will be shown this week are: Hj
* 'Bayaderes, Grenadines, French Ch allies, Whip Cords, ,
* Cheviots, Tweeds, Tebble Cloths, Vigeraux, . >
T Velours, Et amines, Covert Cloth, Berbers. ; »
£ Crepons, Poplins, London Diagonals, -:.;. •
* The effect of some of the- new fabrics can be seen on the \
J many beautifully draped figures in the show windows. <
I Thursday, Friday and Saturday Only. •
£ 40 pieces 46-inch Mohair Faconne— illuminated colorings lB ;
* new combinations— one of our latest spring purchases — q^l !
J sold regularly at 50c yard— the three days only at *J^>3*'
I An Exhibition Week :
! Special-Ladies' Neckwear.
% 50 dozen Ladies' All-silk Puff Scarfs in the newest spring •
* styles— satin in solid colors and black— Ottoman Silks, and
* a choice variety of Plaids and Brocades in rich weaves OK r
* and colorings— to-morrow and until lot is sold, each .... vJvJ^
I Jouvin and Trefousse
I Gloves This Week 90c.
* Our Exhibition Week Special, while they last, is 4-button
t Undressed Real Kid Gloves in the above famous makes, silk-
* embroidered backs, all sizes, in browns, tans, modes and steel
I gray only— regularly $1.50 and $1.75 pair— fitted this QQ^
* week for •
I* Friday and Saturday— For two \ kmpumY 11,
X days only we make these de- \4*|JGKIMm //
[\ I cisive cuts in the prices of all I m^ ' \ I
if well-known brands of Coffee Jn^/^nAWAW
* and Coffee substitutes: iH^wfc^uw r^
i Arbuckles' Coffee — Mb packages, V g»QflD.C^C®^^^ T
* regularly 15c Ib— for the two days. 10c flS9^W^^^\
| T-r L I C two ff d E a7r 9Ularly . l 7C ..c 'fwrtfeHWi
* Golden Rule Blend Coffee— regularly **•*-, ,
: S 30c Ib— for the two days. 25c ..,.
* Mocha and Java blend— good as your 40c kind— regularly with us
! t 35c per Ib— for the two days only . 30c
* Postum Cereal— Mb packages— regularly 25c lb--for the two days.
* Old Grist Mill— l-lb packages— 20c— for the two days. 16c
{ Send us a trial order by mail or telephone, "or by the chitdren if
'■ i you wish " Compare our goods and prices with your purchases else-
i where and if you are not satisfied notify us. We will take tbe goods
; i and refund your money— "no cost to you," no risk— try it.
I The Emporium
I and Golden Rule Bazaar
JENKS WORKED
AS A LABORER
Had Just Been Engaged
in the Smokeless Pow
der Works.
Lost His Life on the Day After
He Had Been Given
Employment.
Verdict or the Coroner's Jury Blames
No One for the Fatal
Explosion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAX RAFAEL, March -23.— The
search to-day for the bodies of ex-
Captain Charles A. Jenks and
Charles Nelson, who were blown to
pieces by the explosion that wrecked
two of the buildings of the United
States Smokeless Powder Works at
Point San Pedro, was prosecuted with
indifferent success. Part of Nelson's
body was found on the hill near the
scene of the disaster, whither it had
been blown. A clock which was in the
building Nelson was working in was
picked up this morning in a shattered
condition, and the hands pointed to
3:38 o'clock.
Charles Nelson was supposed to have
the emporium:.
been a single man, but his widow ap
peared to-day. He had been married
many years, and there is an elderly
daughter living.
The inquest was held this morning,
and the evidence introduced was about
the same as that already published, ex
cept that Superintendent Starke testi
fied that ex-Captain Jenks was working
at the powder works as a laborer, the
day of his death being the second that
he had put in.
Chief Engineer Rush and Assistant
Superintendent and Foreman H. C.
Bicke testified as to the explosion. The
latter said that Nelson had that morn
ing been quarrelsome and contrary,
and Rush also gave similar testimony,
saying that he went into the house
where Nelson was running the sifting
machine and told him to be careful and
keep the bearings oiled. Nelson gave
him a snappy answer and Rush left to
visit Jenks in the next building and
from there to go and tell the superin
tendent. He had hardly got out of
Jenks' building when the explosions
took place.
The Coroner's jury returned a verdict
of accidental death caused by an explo
sion at the United States Smokeless
Powder Works at Point San Pedro. The
portions of Nelson's body which have
been discovered weigh only fifteen
pounds.
The powder works have not ceased
working. The orders on hand are
pressing and the superintendent has re
ceived instructions from the head office
to immediately reconstruct the build
ings.
ABBESTED FOR LIBEL.
Outgrowth of a Quarrel Between
Two Nevada Editors.
ELKO. Nev.. March 23.— E. C. Snyder,
editor of the Daily Argonaut, was arrest
ed this afternoon on a charge of criminal
libel preferred by W. W. Booher, editor
of the Daily Independent. The arrest w;ia
the result "of an article published in Mr.
Snyder's paper on Saturday defamatory
to the character of Mr. Booher. Snyder
was released from custody on giving
bonds in the sum of $200.
56
THURSDAY. . MARCH 24, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone Main ISOS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By ma " $6 P er year: P« r montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL. One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ....908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rigfis House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:50 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
Columbia— "l*o2 "
Alcazar— "Unc.e Dudley."'
Moroseo's— "The Upper Hand."
Tivoli— "The Widow O'Brien."
Tlvo.ll— Concert this afternoon,
Orpheurn— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Martoau Violin Reoltal, Friday even ,
<ng and Saturday afternoon-
Tbe Chutes— The Zoo, Vaudeville and Lion Hunt.
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy Btreeta— Specialties.
Special Excursion to San Jose and the Santa Clara Valley
Saturday. March 2ti.
Pacific toast Jockey Club, In^leside Track— Races,
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield-This day, March ?*, Furniture, at
19 Stockton street, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Saturday, March 20, Busies, Wagons,
etc.. at 223 Mission Street, at 11 o'clock.
By M. German-Tuesday. March 2;t, Hardware, at 1011 Broad-
way, Oakland, at 11 o clock.
IN THE PERFORMANCE OF DUTY.
SAX FRANCISCO is called upon to-day to
mourn the loss of a brave man who died in her
service for the protection of her people. The
death of Police Lieutenant Burke in the effort to
arrest a man armed with a revolver and animated
by a murderous mania was in the fullest sense the
death of a hero in the performance of duty. He
knew the danger that confronted him, yet he did not
shrink. He went manfully to face the peril and save
others from the rage of the maniac. His courage and
fidelity displayed in the supreme hour grace his
death and give to it an impressiveness which will not
be overlooked by the people whom he so loyally
served.
Under any circumstances the death of suoli a man
would be an occasion for general sorrow. Lieuten
ant Burke .vas one of the most popular as well as one
of the most honored members of our police. Uni
formly courteous as well as strictly upright in all his
dealings with every class of the community, he was
the type of the guardian of the law that the people
delight to honor. He was never smirched by scandal.
His honesty, like his courage, was undoubted. His
career was honorable to himself and will remain a
proud memory to his relatives, his friends and his
comrades of the force.
It is sad indeed that such a man should be lost to
the community in the very- prime of his life by reason
of the freak of an infuriated madman. San Fran
cisco can ill afford such losses. Nevertheless a con
solation is to be found in the fact that the memory
of the hero will remain as a tradition to incite the
emulation of brave men hereafter. The hero died in
the faithful performance of a dangerous duty, and no
man can hope to find a nobler or worthier death than
that.
TO TRAIN OR NOT TO TROIN.
SEVERAL lessons may be drawn from the
careers of prize-fighters who do us the honor
of being in our midst. Here is Peter Jackson,
only a few years ago a powerful man, knocked out
of time and pugilism by a few thumps. It is said of
Peter that he neglected himself, that he drank
whisky, that he lived high, the inference being that
had he not done these things he would still be fit to
enter the ring.
On the other hand, the case of Choynski leads to
a different conclusion. Much younger than Jackson,
he seems to be a more complete wreck, and yet he
has for years kept himself in the state known as
"being in condition.' It appears to have exhausted
his vital forces as effectively as a diet of pie washed
down with alcoholic drenches.
It may be noticed that most men who make fight
ing their business die at an early age. No system of
self-preservation .can be devised which can offset the
unnatural strain placed on the body by the training
itself. Added to this is the receipt of blows designed
to jar loose the kidney, paralyze the heart or batter
the solar plexus into a concave wreck. Amateurs
who confine themselves to the modest punching of
a bag which does not hit back very hard may suffer
nothing by indulging in the exercise, although they
are apt to do themselves more harm than good.
Yet there is no occasion to repine that the average
prize-fighter dies young. He does not do this be
cause he is good. When not in the ring he is so apt
to be a nuisance with a leaning toward vagrancy that
he can be called hence without causing any wide
spread pang.
It is a circumstance not to be marveled at that the
guilty pool-sellers should be excited over the con
viction of one of their number. Such a conviction
was violation of a precedent which seemed to have
the respect of any jury to be gathe.ed about a Police
Court. There has never appeared any good reason
why the law and the evidence should be ignored
for a lot of chronic criminals.
A writer of paragraphs has troubles of his own, and
the worst of it is that he cannot look to the public
for sympathy. This was illustrated in a few lines
meant to call attention to what an evening paper had
termed "a flatt failure." Of course the intelligent
machine, knowing how to spell "flat," did so, and
then and there a b?t of harmless jocosity died.
There is no justice in the accusation from Madrid
that the United States has practically strangled
autonomy at its birth. Pre-natal influences were such
that there was no sign of life when the precious in
fant was first supposed to see the light of day. It
was, in fact, born very dead.
There is something cheering in the promptness
with which Murderers Flannelly and Clark have
been found guilty. That their guilt was known in
advance of the trial was no indication that a verdict
would be returned against them.
THE WRECK OF THE ALMY.
BY the wreck of the Helen W. Almy the people
of San Francisco have received an impressive
lesson on the imperative need of a strict watch
upon the quality and condition of vessels that are
sent to sea laden with valuable property and precious
lives. It is so common a thing to patch up old hulks
and start them forth on voyages across the ocean that
sailors have adopted a name for that kind of craft.
They call them "coffin ships." and in every sea of the
four quarters of the globe there are evidences that
give grim and ghastly testimony to the justice of the
title.
Nothing can guard against the coffin ship but the
Government, and that only by the most stringent laws
and the most careful watchfulness. There are big
profits in sending such ships to sea, and the number
of men who in their greed to gain the profits are will
ing to expose the lives of crews and passengers to
death is always larger than humanity dreams of.
Laws stringent and severe are necessary to prevent
such men from the commission of such deeds, and un
fortunately it appears we have no laws at all either
to prevent the sailing of the coffin ship or to punish
the men who calked up her old hulk, painted her
over, gave her the gloss of a seeming strength and
started her forth on her voyage to death.
At one time the practice of sending unseaworthy
ships to sea was so common in Great Britain that it
became a national scandal. Then Mr. Plimsoll took
up the cause of sailors and of humanity and began
that long agitation and crusade on the subject which
after many years resulted in the enactment of statutes
which have since guarded British seamen from that
peril. It is to the credit of the United States that in
our early history we needed no such laws. There
was a time when our ship-owners were a class of men
whose personal integrity was a sufficient guarantee
that no coffin ships would ever be sent forth under
our flag. That time has passed. New conditions
have brought a new class of men into the shipping
trade, and among them are many who for the sake
of gain would send sailors and passengers to sea in
a literal coffin if they could find any who through
their poverty, their ignorance or their folly could be
induced to go.
In this way the wreck of the Almy was as startling
and as shocking as the destruction of the Maine.
There is no international issue involved in the loss
of the bark to arouse patriotism to indignation, but
there was enough of treachery and horror in it to
arouse humanity to the bitterest wrath. The Almy,
from all reports, seems to have been an utterly worth
less hulk. No local insurance could be obtained on
her, not even upon an offer of 10 per cent for sixty
days. Her passengers were given tickets marked
with the warning "If possible." Every circumstance
of her outfitting tends to the conclusion that to all
who knew anything about her at ail it was known that
she was a coffin ship of the worst kind.
She sailed away from this city designed for a long
and stormy voyage, but went to wreck almost as soon
as she got out of the bay. From the position in
which her shattered hulk lay when discovered it is
evident her captain found her unseaworthy and had
started to return to the harbor. It was too late.
The old hulk could withstand nothing. Her seama
opened to the waves, her rotten timbers broke to
pieces, she heeled over into the waters and all her
crew and passengers were lost.
As our law stands to-day this catastrophe was an
accident and not a crime, and yet in all except the
malignant intent it was as bad as murder. There is
no excuse, no palliation for stich defd? as this. Out
of the horror of the disaster there should come a
stern resolve to provide sure penalties for the com
mission of such wrongs in future. Let us see to it
that no other coffin ship sails out to carry to death
sailors and passengers from the Golden Gate.
ENGLAND OND HAWAII.
THE Chronicle admits that the reference to Brit
ish designs in the report accompanying the joint
resolution to annex Hawaii was "ill consid
ered," but asserts that England abstains only while
annexation to the United States is pending. The ar
gument is then made that if we fail to annex the
islands we lose our right of protest against their
transfer to any other power, and if England take
them we cannot take issue with her.
The cause must be desperate that requires such co
quetting with misrepresentation. England and
Prance have a treaty standing since November 28,
1843, recognizing the independence of Hawaii and
engaging "never to take possession, either directly or
under the title of a protectorate, or under any other
form, of any part of Hawaiian territory."
If the United States were off the map England
would have to answer to France, and, under the
Franco-Russian alliance, to Russia also, for any at
tempt to violate that treaty.
The Chronicle seems to know what "the respon
sible citizens of Hawaii" are after, and declares that
it is stable government. Inasmuch as these same re
sponsible citizens, by the help of our warship Boston,
rebelled against and overthrew a stable government
under a form that gave to the islands their highest
prosperity, their present longings must be taken as a
confession that they have proved incapable of restor
ing the stability which they destroyed. Their organ
also says that they want some strong power to pro
tect them against native emeutes, because now, to
protect themselves, they must stay under arms at
great expense, which is "a condition that does not
make for business, commerce and island develop
ment."
Indeed! This, then, is the republic of which we
have heard so much. The Chronicle should know
that when a minority of 2 per cent of a people by
force overthrow a government and establish on its
ruins the rule of a minority, that minority can only
maintain itself by staying under arms. To make its
own crimes and mistakes, its tyranny, disfranchise
rnent of electors and rank misgovernment the reasons
for a pitiful appeal to some strong nation to come to
its help is as ridiculous as the plea of the man who
had murdered his parents when he asked the court to
be merciful to him, for he was an orphan.
Suppose that the Dole oligarchy try the experiment
of restoring to the people their stolen franchise and
the citizenship it took away, and, abandoning
minority government, submit itself to the pop
ular will and see how that will work.
Let us put justice in the place of force and
arms and threats, and let the qualified electors, whom
it found free men and voters and reduced to serfdom
on their own soil, have a voice in the government set
over them, and if then they menace life and property
it will be time to call for the interference of a strong
Government.
Annexation is not even on its last legs. It is off its
feet entirely, and the exhibition of a straw-stuffed
British lion in the act of swallowing the sandwich
which we reject will not bring it back within the focus
of possibilities.
Doubtless the three wise men of Gotham who went
to sea in a bowl if here now would be starting for the
Klondike in the identical craft.
THE SAX FRAyCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
THE CAMPAIGN IN SflN JOSE.
r\ MONG the features of the campaign in San
/ \ Jose which may be reasonably accounted as
* * harbingers of victory for the people and good
government one of the most salient is the fact that
the gang men have been forced to conceal themselves
as much as possible during the contest and put in the
forefront of the battle a set of respectable-faced dum
mies to win favor for them under the title of a "Busi
ness Menls Ticket."
It is a clever ruse and the name selected for the
masquerade is a good one. Fortunately it will de
ceive no intelligent voter in San Jose. Behind the
figureheads displayed to the public the presence of
the gang bosses is evident to everybody, for that par
ticular gang could not make a still hunt if it tried. It
could not even go snipe-hunting without taking a
brass band along. Their presence being known, the
title at the head of the procession will not delude any
one. Everybody in Santa Clara County understands
what is meant when the gang announces that it is
out for "business."
Another good sign of the approaching emancipa
tion of the Garden City is the bitterness displayed by
the slander mongers of the gang. Ordinarily these
slanders are by no means bitter. The gang uses
strong words and coarse words, but generally the
tone shows no offense is meant and that the talk is
for wind and not for blood. In this campaign, how
ever, the slanderers are rabid. Their splutter of
venom is thrown right and left about the city like
froth from the mouth of a mad dog. It is evident
they are cornered and that there is nothing left for
them but a resort to tactics which their opponents
will scorn to follow, and in which, therefore, they will
have a seeming success, or at least a gratification of
their malice.
The best harbingers of success for the supporters
of- good government and local improvement, however,
are the cause they have adopted and the ticket they
have nominated. These are worth more to them
than all the offenses their opponents have ever com
mitted. If the gang were more respectable than it
is, if it had with more cunning sent its brass band out
of town during the campaign, if it had concealed with
more skill its manipulation of the dummies, if it had
talked with less winking about "business." if it had
made a cleaner and abler fight, it would still have
little chance of success against a combination like
that which is now working for the complete over
throw of boss rule in the city and the establishment
of the municipal government upon a basis of honesty,
progress and improvement. Victory may be expected
for the taxpayers of San Jose because it has been de
served.
THE WILL-MAKING POWER.
UNLESS the Legislature soon interferes with the
tendency of trial juries to set aside wills it
cannot in the nature of things be very long be
fore it will be a vain act to make a testamentary dis
position of property in California. At present the
law says that any man or woman of mature age,
sound mind and free from duress may make a will.
The statute proceeds on the theory that whoever by
toil and self-denial accumulates anything ought to
have a right to dispose of it after death in such a
manner as will best conduce to the rest and comfort
of his ox her declining years. But the right to make
a will is a statutory privilege only, and for the rea
son that men in disposing of their property fre
quently perpetuate their meannesses and enmities
beyond the grave, juries do not look with favor upon
last wills and testaments.
The other day a jury in Judge CofTey's court set
aside the will of a man named Brown for apparently
no other reason than that the testator had not in its
opinion made an equitable distribution of his estate.
Brown left $10,000. Probably half of this sum will be
consumed before the lawyers get the case through
the Supreme Court, and it is doubtful whether, even
if the will is finally broken, the legal heirs will ever
get anything. Yet it appears that Mr. Brown was of
sound mind and distributed his property to his entire
satisfaction. No doubt he would be considerably
surprised were he to revisit the earth and discover
that a jury had solemnly declared him incompetent
to make a will.
During several years the Supreme Court has been
engaged in a fruitless attempt to correct the verdicts
of juries in will contests. In a recent decision Justice
McFarland deplored at length the disposition of
these bodies to remake the wills of dead men. He
said it was wrong for the living to amend the testa
ments of persons who had attempted to reward with
legacies those who had been kind to them in their
last days, and always upon evidence which proved
nothing except that the testator had possessed an
irascible stomach or a bad liver. Evidently the other
Judges concurred with Justice McFarland in thes^
views, for last year the court reversed the verdicts
of no less than five juries who had dissented from
last wills and testaments.
The practical effect of the statute on wills as it at
ptesent exists is not to give force to the laws of suc
cession, which come in when wills are broken, but
to enable disinherited relatives to blackmail testa
mentary legatees. It is now the fashion in California
upon the demise of a rich man who held his legal
heirs in disesteem for his relations to take up their
residence in San Francisco and lay siege to his prop
erty. To avoid scandal and trouble the legatees of
the deceased usually "settle," and the disinherited
heirs return to their Eastern homes in triumph. This
is bad for two reasons — one is that it discourages an
immigration that would be permanent if the contests
were prolonged, and another is that it establishes
blackmail as a conspicuous legal industry.
What the Legislature should do at its very next
session is to strengthen the will-making privileges of
the possessors of property or abolish them altogether.
If the practice of breaking every will which is not
made to suit a jury continues to prevail it cannot be
long, as we have previously remarked, before the
privilege of disposing of property in this State will
become a hollow mockery. Nor will the Supreme
Court be able to sustain the statute, for most estates
will be lo' ltd by the disinherited before they ever
emerge from the Probate Court.
Some one learned in the law should be called upon
to define the difference between murder and the send
ing to sea of a hulk laden with men ticketed for
the Klondike, but destined assuredly for the bottom of
the ocean.
Judge Campbell in giving a pawnbroker title to
stolen goods the thieves chanced to leave with him
has established a somewhat questionable industry on
a firm footing. Reference is made to the vocation of
burglary.
Moral support is promised to Spain by some of the
powers. It takes something more than this to batter
down walls. Moral support is a little less effective
than blank cartridge.
Bryan denies that he has said anything to inter
viewers on the Cuban question, and a careful reading
of his remarks seems fully to bear him out in this
position.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
A strong effort is being made to bring
Josef Hofmann to San Francisco this
season and musical people are hoping
that the arrangements will not fall
through at the last minute, as arrange
ments with other artists have so often
done. Had Sherman & Clay's Hall been
large enough Hofmann would have
played there, but the young man's man
agers wa*t a theater, as they, expect to
draw regular Paderewski houses. He has
already called forth more hysterical
demonstrations in New York than the in
teresting Paderewski aroused, and hys
terical demonstrations, however annoying
at the time, portend big houses. When
Josef Hofmann was a little boy he was
asked whether he liked being, an infant
phenomenon and answered childishly: "I
like playing very much, but I wish all
the ladies would not want to kiss me."
Josef may think differently now. Some
of his success with the critics is no
doubt due to the fact that many <>f
them can say: "We told you so! When
he was a little boy In knee breeches we
said he would be a great artist." Most
of the critics' predictions on Josef Hof
mann are really fulfilled, however, and
his personal magnetism Is something re
markable.
To judge from the Italian papers peo
ple who buy a ticket for the opera just
at present are as likely as not to get
something for their money to*whieh a
prizefight would seem tame and unexcit
ing. The following are a few recent in
cidents which have not been down in the
programmes. At Azarro a rivalry has
been established between two prima don
nas, and the partisans of each singer
have been disturbing the performances
with clamorous manifestations. At the
last performance of "La Gioconda," sung
by Signora Pizzagalli, the partisans of
Signora Antinori decided not to let her
sing, and such a riot ensued that quiet
could only bo restored by arresting a
number of the spectators. At the Pagli
ano Theater In Florence a number of
the spectators who were hostile to the
management decided not to allow the
chorus blessing the poignards in the
"Huguenots" to be encored. The rest of
the public wanted an encore, but they
only got it after a number of arrests had
been made. At the Piecinnl Theater in
Bari there was a veritable insurrection
the other day against the management,
which, it appears, had not kept its prom
ises to the public. The fracas made by
the audience was so infernal that a de
tachment of carabineers had to be called
In. Instead of calming the riot, however,
the presence of the soldiers only exas
perated the people more. As there seemed
no means of peaceably continuing the
performance one of the chief magistrates,
wearing his scarf of office, commanded
every one to go home in the name of the
law and after he had shouted himself
hoarse the theater was finally evacuated
by the riotous audience. When American
audiences are discontented with the man
a&etnent they show their disapproval by
quietly staying away from the theater,
which on the whole is more effective and
less troublesome.
People little skilled in the knowledge of
instruments are fond of talking about
"priceless Cremona violins," under the
impression that all the instruments that
come from Cremona are of very superior
make. The fact is that the town is now
living on its name. It was formerly the
home of the great makers who made
Cremona famous, the Amati, the Stradi
variua, the Guarnerius, whoso instru
ments are worth their weight in gold.
Nothing is now left of them at Cremona
but their memory, however, and though
the city continues to be the center of
"what la left of the Italian violin industry
ita violins and violoncellos have nothing
special to recommend them. Cremona
has a very active rival in the little town
of Schoenbach, in Bohemia, which is rap
idly acquiring a name, not through the
artistic value of its products, but because
of the enormous quantity of violins and
violoncellos it puts upon the market. Ex
perts say that the violin was first per
fected at Schoenbach, about the middle
of the sixteenth century, or at least
about the time of Gaspar de Salo and the
first Amati. However that may be the
violin making industry is the bonanza of
Schoenbach to-day, for almost all of its
3700 male inhabitants are engaged in
making instruments. The art of violin
making is now practiced in many coun
tries. Mire Court. in France, does one of
the largest trades In the world in the
making of fiddles.
Giacoma Puccini, composer of "La Vie
de Boheme," etc., went a few days ago
to Paris, where he sought out Sardou and
played him all the first act of his opera
"La Tosca," Sardou was charmed, in
deed he went so far as to say that he
was "ravished" with the young Italian
master's music. What made the deepest
impression on him was the finale with
the majestic pomp of the "Te Deum" in
the great cathedral, the clashing of the
bells and the thundering of the cannon.
The recital over Puccini returned at once
to Milan to commence the second act,
into which the librettist has condensed
the two torture scenes and the death of
Scarpia. The opera of "La Tosca" will
be produced next winter in Italy, and
Vlctorien Sardou will attend the first per
formance. Puccini is at work also on
another opera, cast in a more heroic
mold than any he has yet attempted.
It is a grand lyric tragedy in five acts,
entitled "Marie Antoinette," and i"ie ac
tion begins at the palace of the Trianon
and follows the unhappy Queen to th©
scaffold. The opera has twenty-three
roles and requires a mammoth amount
of staging. It is to be created In French
before being sung in German, and all the
contracts for its production are already
signed with the publisher, Ricordi.
Musicians are very rare who follow
with equal success the double career of
composer and of orchestra conductor. In
France Paul Vidal, conductor of the
Grand Opera, and Andre Messager, in
Italy Mancinelli. and in Germany Richard
Strauss and Felix Weingartner, all write
operas, symphonies, etc., and at the same
time do not disdain to employ their ex
ceptional gifts in wielding the baton in
interpreting the works of other musicians.
One of these is now going to secede from
the ranks of conductors, for Felix Wein
gartner, although wielding with equal
ease the pen and the baton, has decided
to devote himself henceforth entirely to
writing music. At present he is putting
to music an operatic trilogy entitled
"Orestes," for which he himself has writ
ten the libretto. His story is borrowed
from the "Orestes" by Eschylus. It Is
feared that this cycle will be even more
ponderous and monumental than the now
famous Bungert "Odyssey" trilogy. Wein
gartner will be succeeded by Felix Mottl
as conductor of the Berlin Opera-house.
Count A. D. Cheremetief, a member of
a family whose wealth has passed into
a proverb In Russia, has this winter or
ganized popular concerts at extremely re
duced prices in order that the laboring
classes may become acquainted with
good music. The orchestra is sometimes
conducted by the Count in person, and
sometimes by the popular Russian leader,
Vladimirof, and a very judiciously chosen
programme is always excellently ren
dered. The works of Russian composers
are naturally favored. The first five con
certs have been so besieged with appli
cants for admission that a very much
larger building has had to be found.
The Count's philanthropic departure
might well find Imitators In other coun
tries.
News Is sometimes garbled by the time
it reaches Europe. For instance the
French papers make the remarkable
statement that "the violinist, Henri Mar
teau, whose success at the Colonne can
certs In Paris was sd great in the inter
pretation of Theodore Dubois' concerto,
is at present touring all over America
with this remarkable composition, which
is everywhere arousing enthusiasm with
the assistance of the excellent Thomas
orchestra." Marteau is a very gifted
young man, but he has not yet arrived
at the stage of taking the Thomas or
chestra in tour with him.
The RussiSEh Government has just abol
ished the ancient law prohibiting all
theatrical performances during the Or
thodox Lent. According to the new regu
lations operetta is still prohibited during
Lent, but lyric and dramatic per
formances of a higher order are allowed,
provided that the municipal council
gives its consent. St. Petersburg and
Kief have already authorized opera dur
ing the present Lent.
Autographs of celebrated musicians are
bringing to-day prices that twenty years
ago would have seemed simply impossi
ble. Recently at a sale of autographs in
Vienna, two letters written by Beethoven
to his famous nephew brought $160 each,
two little letters written by Joseph Haydn
brought over $140 each and two letters
by Richard Wagner $S0 each. At- this
sale a miniature portrait of Robert Schu
mann, painted on ivory, only brought
$160.
Henry Albers, who will be remembered
as the star of the French opera season at
the California Theater, is now singing in
Bordeaux. The other day he appeared
for the first time in the role of Athanael
in Massenet's "Thais" and seems to have
made the hit of his career in the part.
The Paris Figaro in commenting on his
success says: "He was always a re
markable singer and a faultless actor."
The De Reszke brothers and Mme. Lit
vinne, who were the cause of so much
jealousy and wrangling in New York last
winter, are now singing with remarkable
success in German opera in St. Peters
burg.
The Haydn Society of Vienna, com
posed of amateurs, recently executed an
unknown symphony (in D Major) by
Michel Haydn, brother of the composer
of "The Creation."
It is now formally announced that the
___________ ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Royal is the great- I
8 est of all the baking I
is ' H
1 powders in strength, I
I purity, healthfulness I
Richard Wagner Theater at Bayreuth
will play next year "Parsifal," "The Ring
of the Nibelung" and "The Master Sing
ers."
Musical circles In Paris have had quite
a wave of enthusiasm over, the fact that
the Thomas ore lust Fa tendered a concert
recently in New York to Guilmant and
Pugno. Only the works of French com
posers were played.
Max Bruch has just completed a grand
choral work, which he has called "Gus
tavus Adolphus." This composition will
be heard for the first time in May at Bre
men.
The composer, Franz Behr. has just
died at Dresden. His fame rests on a
number of pianoforte compositions dear
to drawing-room amateurs.
"THE RIDDLE OF THINGS THAT ARE."
We walk in a world where no man reads
The riddle of thing's that are,—
From a tiny fern in the valley's heart
To the light of the largest star,—
Yet we know that the pressure of Life is hart
And the silence of Death is deep.
As we fall and rise on the tangled way
That leads to the gate of Sleep.
We know that the problems of Sin and Pain,
And the passions that lead to crime.
Are the mysteries locked from age to a&J
In the awful vault of Time;—
Yet we lift our weary feet and strive
Through the mire and mist to grope
And find a ledge on the mount of Faltn
In the morning land of hope.
— Harper s Weekly.
STANFORD SUMMER SCHOOL.
Instruction Will Only Be Given at Pala
filto and In Hopkins Laboratory.
To the Editor of The Call-Sir: "Thera
is no foundation for the report that tho
Stanford summer school has removed to
Pacific Grove. The university gives no
instruction except at Palo Alto and in
the Hopkins Laboratory. Aside from a.
«mall registration fee all instruction in
Stanford UniversHy is, free. jqrdan
Stanford University. March 23, 1898.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NAVAL, STRENGTH— H. S.. City. The
strength of the principal navies of tho
world was given in this department on
March 10.
BRONZE — Lucius, Cal. Oxidization
tanes place in the melting process of
making bronze, the amount being from
three to four parts of copper to one of tin.
ADVICE— S. S., California. Neither a
Justice of the Peace nor an attorney
need give advice on points of law with
out charging for it, unless he chooses to
do so There is no law that declares that
"a Justice of the Peace who is not a
qualified attorney may or may not charga
for advice."
PAWNBROKER— J. C, City. The law
of this State says "Every pawnbroker
who charges or receives interest at a rata
of more than 2 per cent per month, or
who by charging commission, discount,
storage or other charges, or by com
pounding increases or attempts to in
crease such interest, is guilty of a mis
demeanor."
RELIGIONS— M. R. M., City. It is es
timated that there are one thousand
forms of religions in the world. There la
no work on statistics that gives the ex
act number nor the number of followers,
nor is there a work that gives a complete
list of religions. There is nothing about
which statistics are so incomplete as
about religion.
HIGHEST IN CRIBBAGE— H.. Eureka,
Cal. The highest that can be made in
cribbage is twenty-nine, and that is with
four fives and the jack. If in a game
of cribbage you held two eights, one
seven, one nine and an eight turned up,
the count was tw«»nty-one. The count
was 15-6; three eights— six; three runs of
three— nine; therefore, six, six and nine
make twenty-one.
HIGH AND LOW NOTES-M. C. M.,
City. Russian peasants are credited with
being able to sing from a quarter to one
half a note lower than C. The highest
tenor note reached without the use of
falsetto registers is the high C, which
has been reached by a number of singers.
The greatest range or compass of the
male voice ever noted In an individual
without the use of falsetto was two and
one-half Octaves, by Lablache, a French
man.
Nm- - IONAL GUARD UNIFORMS-E.
S., City. The uniforms for the National
Guard of California are being manufac
tured in Cincinnati, Ohio. The various
orders are being filled as rapidly as pos
sible and the garments will be shipped as
soon as made. The contractors will not
wait for the entire lot to be finished.
The furnishing of uniforms to the cadet
company of the Fir^t Regiment has been
under consideration for some time, but
no conclusion has yet been reached, but
it is probable that the State will allow it
uniforms the same as to other companies.
BOUND TO LEAD THE WORLD.
Cleveland Plaindealer.
A French statesman has recently com
piled some figures which are interesting
as showing two things— that the world is
getting more commercial every day, and
that the United States is rapidly forging
to the head of the column of commercial
nations. Since 1850 the exports of the ten
leading nations of the world, according
to this statistican. have increased from
$1,618,000,000 to $6,465,000,000. The exports
of this nation have increased so rapidly
that if they continue to enjoy the same
ratio of increase the day is not distant,
it is claimed, when they will nearly equal
England's. Sir Joseph Ackland made the
assertion not long since that with peace
and a right economic policy the United
States was bound to be the first commer
cial nation on earth.
Just what you want for "your Eastern
friends," Towr.send's Cal. glace fruits, 60c.
Fine eyeglasses. Specs, 15c and up. 33
Fourth street. *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
HAVANA FILLER.
New York Mail and Express.
Much of the so-called Cuban news i 3
like many of the genuine Havana cigars
—made in Key West.
"Brown's Bronchial Troches" give relief
In all Bronchl3l Affections. A simple and aafe
remedy. Avoir! Imitations.
If you Buffer from looseness of the bowels Dr.
Siegehts AmonciA Hitters will cure you.
Be Bure you get Dit. Sieoert's.
A RAILROAD KLONDIKE.
' Indianapolis News.
This is not the only country In which
bounties and subsidies to railroad corpo
rations are projected. A Canadian com
pany has been organized to build a rail
road to the Klondike and wants a gift of
4.000,000 acres of gold-bearing land, to
gether with monopolistic and other priv
ileges. That is all.COULDN'T GET ICE-CREAM SODA IN LONDON.
Little Veoie Wells and Tiny K.i m Po ° Have a Poor
Opinion of the Metropolis.
RETURN OF PRECOCIOUS LOCAL PLAYERS WHO HELPED LAUNCH
"THE FIRST BORN" ABROAD.
Little Vente Wells and the equally diminutive Kirn Poo have a poor opinion of London. Kirn Poo sought in
vain the length and breadth of the great metropolis for ice cream soda and found it not, and equally unsuccessful
was Venie in her efforts to warm a frigid English audience to the necessary appreciation of Powers picture of
Chinese life, "The First Born." ,
Little Venie and Kirn Poo have just returned from the great metropolis with the "First Born Company, and
their impressions of the biggest city in the world are not the most flattering. The query. "How did you like Lon
don?" made little Venie blink, and thrusting out her chubby little fists, she summed up all her feeling in the sen
tentious phrase— "Say. it was awful foggy." In spite of the fog, though, Venie saw many of the historic relics of
the great city, stared in admiration at the Queen's plate and shuddered before the block and executioner s ax.
"Rut 1 like New York best," said Venie. "There was a lady in New York who knew my mamma and she kept
a candy store And she gave me a stick of candy, for nothing, every day. And you can get ice cream in New
York " Although but 5 years old. Venie lives and breathes only in the atmosphere of the theater, and like older
players applause is the staff of her life. So when Venie was asked about London applause, or rather, the lack of
London applause, she bluffed the question with the assurance of an old and tried stager, and lisped: "London
didn't understand me! Applause? Oh, say, this is my cue. I've got to go. You know I come on in this act." And
she bounded back to the Alcazar stage, although her tough scene was not on for many a minute to come.
To Kirn Poo, the lack of English approval meant nothing. "The First Born" might have set London wild and
still the mtle San Francisco heathen wouldn't have cared. He did London under the able guidance of Hugo To
land and when he called for ice cream soda the British bar maid froze him with a haughty smile and nudged her
collaborateure and ignored his order. "I saw soldiers in London," Kirn Poo said, "but San Francisco and soldiers are
Just as good. No, I don't want to go to London any more."
HER FATE
UNKNOWN TO
THE POLICE
Detective Anthony Is
Still Trying to Find
Irene Lynch.
Her Present Whereabouts
Wrapped in the Deep
est Mystery.
The Authorities Suspect Lucky
Baldwin of Inducing Her
to Leave Home.
SAID TO BE IN OAKLAND.
Was Friendly With a Man Who
Is Connected With the Fire
Department.
Notwithstanding the efforts of the
police the whereabouts of Irene Lynch,
the missing girl who disappeared from
her home on March 14, is still
wrapped in the deepest mystery.
Dectetive Anthony, who was detailed
by Chief Lees to find the girl, is satis
fied that she left this city to visit
"Lucky" Baldwin's ranch near Los An
geles. A short time before her disap
pearance, and while she was working
In the Mechanics' Pavilion during the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Humors
Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary, from infancy to age,
speedily cured by warm baths with Crm«T7BA I
Soap, gentle anointings with CcnoußA(oint- ,
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses |
of Ccticuba Resolvent, greatest of blood, j
purifiers and humor cures. ;
(Qticura
I. «M thromhoot the worH. Pom» D»o *» Cm.
■•■AC IBIItfADC Vm\%an H*'r «o« **f I"™-
FACE HUinOnS 52 «r«> by CcnccmA SoAr.
Sam mai's iim
—AND—
hqMefqrthecareoftheihebriate
Comer Stockton and Chestnut Streets.
Is Open for the Reception of Patients. Under
dr. S. P.TUGGLE,
Superintendent and Resident Physician. ■
Down-town Of flee— S. E. CORNER GEARY
AND STOCKTON STREETS, over City or
Par la; 2 to 4 p. m.
Golden Jubilee celebration, it is known
that she telephoned to a young man
named Al Nicholson, who Is an extra
man in the Fire Department, asking
him to send her some money.
Immediately after her disappearance
was reported to the police Detective An
thony interviewed Nicholson, with the
hope of locating the missing girl. Nich
olson declared he was in ignorance ot
her whereabouts, claiming that he had
not seen her for several days.
Suspecting that Irene had joined
Baldwin in the southern part of the
State, Anthony communicated with the
Chief of Police at Los Angeles, asking
him to make a thorough investigation.
The latter sent one of his best men to
Baldwin's ranch, but, notwithstanding
that he made a thorough investigation,
he failed "to locate the missing girl. For
the past three nights Anthony and the
girl's father have made trips to Oak
land for the purpose of meeting the
Los Angeles express, as they believed
that Baldwin, if he had induced the
girl to accompany him to Los Angeles,
would on account of the notoriety he
has already received at once send her
back.
Last night the detective met the Los
Aneeles express on its arrival, expect
ing to greet the missing girl, but was
again disappointed.
It is now believed that Irene is in
Oakland, and the police of that city
have been asked to do all in their
power to locate her.
Two detectives from this city were
scouring the city across the bay last
night with the hope of finding the
missing girl. Baldwin, it is said, will
arrive to-morrow. He has written to
a relative here denying that he knows
anything of the whereabouts of Miss
Lynch and assorting that he will be
able to establish innocence on his ar
rival. Notwithstanding his vigorous
denial, Detective Anthony is convinced
that he induced the unsuspecting girl
to go to Los Angeles.
FAST HEAVY-WEIGHT HARES.
Dogs That Will Have Grueling
Courses at Union Park Satur
day and Sunday.
The managers of the Union Coursing
Park will turn loose on Saturday the
heavyweight hares that were shipped
from the Merced plains recently. It can
be safely said that the courses will be
long ones and that great sport will be
enjoyed. The drawing which took place
last "evening resulted as follows:
! Open Stake — W. C. Glasson's Terrona vs. J.
I .1. Edmonds' Move On, J. K. Dlcksons Pre
■ rnier vs. F. Murphy's Lady Grace, H. R. Bald-
I win's Grasshopper' vs. F. Kenny's Lady Perm.
K. V. Sullivan's War Cloud vs. D. Ford's Bo
nito, W. Murphy's Arapahoe vs. J. Sullivan's
Kilkenny Girl. B. Scott's Lord Byron vs. D.
J Heaiy's Mountain Beauty, J. Murphy's Red
Light vs. J. J. Edmonds' Forget. H. H. De
vlne's Gilt Edge vs. W. M. O'Neill's Promise
Me, Pasha Kennel's For Freedom vb. J. Seg
gerson's White Chief, R. E. de Lopez's Carmen
vs E V. Sullivan's Pretender, E. V. Sullivan's
False Flatterer vs. R. W. Mastick's Burling
ton Bartel Bros.' Bonanza vs. O. Wallace's
Fair View, E. V. Sullivan's Sportsman vs. F.
P Courtney's The Turk, T. Hood's Bryan vs.
Bartel Bros.' Blackstone, R. de Lopez's Green
Valley Maid vs. D. J. Heaiy's Rusty Gold. E.
V Sullivan's Flyinsr Buck vs. W. C. Glasson's
Maple J. Sexsmith's Vigilant vs. Pasha Ken
j nel's Fair Helen. Low & Thompson's Victor vs.
I Curtis & Son's Commodore, K. de Lopez's Lily
vs Pasha Kennel's Santa Alicia, J. F. Halt
man's Rey el Fonno vs. D. Flynn's Tom Bell,
E J Heany's Harkanay II vs. A. Johnson's
' I issak W C Glasson's Joy Bells vs. P. B.
i Butler's Rocklin Belle. Al Austin's Douglas .vs.
Curtis & Son's Cavalier, E. V. Sullivan's Fear
Not vs H C. Glasson's Mystery. Hinchman &
Tobln's Gannon Pasha vs. E. V. Sullivan's
F The mixes tat this open-to-all stake are: $2ir>,
$llf', two $50, three $25. six $15 and twelve $2 50.
The Veteran Stake Ib the latest inno
vation for dogs over five years of age.
The prizes are $00, $30 and two of $10, and
the entries are:
Curtis & Son's Skyrocket vs. J. J. Edmonds"
Vlda Shaw, G. Watson's Belmnnt vs. J. J.
Edmonds' Vnlley Queen, P. Ryan's Ma#pie vs.
E V. Sullivan's Electric. Pasha Kennel s Daisy
vs. R. E. de Lopez's Waratah.
SDecial prizes as follows will be given
to dogs beaten by the ultimate winner:
First round. $10; second round, $20. De
feated by the runner up: First round, $.>;
second round. $10.
Anti-Civil Service League.
A joint conference of the Anti-Civil
Service League, the Sons of Veterans and
Veterans of the War Association was
held last evening at B'r.ei B'rith Hall for
the election of officers and to arrange for
a mass meeting. The meeting was called
to order by D. M. Cashin. the temporary
chairman. The first order of business was
the election of officers, which resulted
as follows: President, E. M. Galvin; vice
president, T. V. Cator; secretary. T. 1« .
Bachelder; treasurer, Martin Murray.
The chairman appointed the following
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
committee on formation of clubs in every
precinct in the city: John S. Enos,
Thomas Desmond. Thomas S. Wentworth
and Frank MoGowan of the Anti-Civil
Service League; I. Simon and Charles H.
Long, representing the Sons of Veterans;
Captain Turner and Michael Tennihan of
the Naval Veterans' Association; D. M.
('HPhin. \V. F. Howe. Captain J. J. Shep
heard and John I* Boone of the Union
Veterans' Patriotic League; Dr. J. C.
Stout. W. J. Catterson, Joseph A. Becsey
and August Mueller of the Harrison
Camp Army and Navy Veterans. Exec
utive committee— D. M. Cashin. Martin
Murray, John L. Boone. Dr. J. C. Stout.
Thomas Desmond, John S. Enos. The
chairman was added to the committee.
The committee on mass meeting was
granted further time to complete arrange
ments.
OUR OLDEST MASON.
The First Master to Be Made in Lodge in
California.
HENRY F. WILLIAMS, Who Will Take a Promi
nent Part in the Forthcoming Masonic Festival.
The Masonic Festival which Is to be held early in May is already attracting
widespread attention. One of the most interesting sights for the general public
will doubtless be the display of jewels, the regalia and the insignia of the order.
Valuable relics are to have prominence also, and it is understood that Henry
F. Williams, who is the oldest Mason living in California, is to have charge of
this most Interesting department.
There will be exhibited the Bible presented to the Grand Lodge by him— the
first Bible used by Masons in California— as well as the first set of working tools
and the first gavel ever used in the State, all also prepared by him.
The place of Mr. Williams in the Masonic world is exceptional. His father
and his grandfather were both Masons. His grandfather often sat in lodges
with George Washington. He was .the first Master Mason made in lodge in
California, and he erected the first building used by the order in the State.
Of course, he is a pioneer, and in this connection it may be noted that he
was the first individual to put up a sign in San Francisco as a builder, and he
erected the first carpenter's shop that the city had. As a builder he was well
known for many years, but of late he has devoted his attention principally to
real estate.
During the festival, it is said. Mr. Williams will explain to all those interested
the whole of his connection with the order, as well as trying to enable all to
appreciate the importance of the department which will be under his charge.
He may have full custody of jewels, regalia, etc.. which have an intrinsic value
of at least $200,000, and the actual value of which could not be estimated, for
in no instance could they be duplicated.
The arrangements for the floral display are already nearly complete. \\ hat
promises to be the most satisfactory feature of the whole festival is that those
who have the arrangements in charge have determined that no single feature
shall be allowed in any jvay to be second rate. No expense will be spared to
make the fete for the Widows' and Orphans' Home the most charming week
that San Francisco has seen in a long time.
Chairman Patton has secured the Masonic Temple as headquarters, where
all the committaa* will meet.
THE INSIDE
FACTS OF A
CONTRACT
A Big Sum Paid by
the City for Fell-
Street Paving.
Everything Was Irregular
From the Inception to
the End of the Job.
After the Work Was All Done
by Private Contract Public
Bids Were Invited.
HISTORY OF THE SCHEME.
Suspicion That a Clever Deal Was
Arranged by Which the City
Was Fleeced.
The city and property owners have
paid for paving Fell street from Baker
to Stanyan with bituminous rock. The
granite curbing has also been paid for. |
The city, being liable for half the cost )
of the work, by reason of owning the
Panhandle of the Park, paid a hand
some price for the improvement. It
may seem far fetched to go back to
work projected in 1895 for object les
sons in improvement, but since this
work was performed there have been
interesting developments and more
facts may yet be brought to light.
On July 8, 1895, the Board of Super
visors, by resolution No. 12,615, author
ized the Superintendent of Streets to
enter into a contract with the San
Francisco Paving Company to pave
Fell street from Baker to Stanyan—
nine blocks — with bituminous rock
pavement, at a cost of 23% cents per !
square foot, and to put in granite curbs '■
at 85 cents per lineal foot. All the
members of the Board, excepting A. B. i
Spreckels, who was absent, voted for ;
the resolution.
The next proceeding in the board ;
was the adoption of a resolution, No.
12,650, repealing the foregoing resolu
tion, numbered 12,615. The reason as
signed for repealing the original reso
lution was that a large amount of !
grading was required to be done, which
would increase the cost of the work,
which cost should be defrayed by the
several blocks in front of which said
grading was to be done before the '
work of paving was given out.
The next step was the adoption by
I the Board of resolution No. 12,708, re
■ pealing resolution No. 12.650, in accord
i ance with a request of property owners
I on the north side of Fell street, between
Baker and Stanyan.
On July 1, IS9"\ a private contract
was signed by the property owners on
the north side of Fell street and the
; Superintendent <>f Streets, representing
i city ownership of the Panhandle, sign- :
i ed for the south side. The figures of
i 23% cents for paving and 85 cents for
' granite curbing v. •■ re not changed. The
work was done under the private con
tract.
It seems that the work went ahead
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^ __~^— —^~^-
*♦ ♦ ♦ <$>♦ ♦<?> <s><3> <s>'^ V<s> ♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ *<s><s> ♦ ♦'.♦^ ♦ ♦"♦'♦'♦:♦.♦>,♦♦> ♦ ♦. ♦♦ * ♦,♦.■*..«>.*.♦♦♦♦ '♦ ♦-..*,♦ f
<$, _ (E<^B m^mdßLmmm _3wk«>H 9^^kCo^^^dP' MB <*>
l^f.<r''^r? r >>^ : — <8>
\ wfroll^^^^^^^^^k , ONLY I6 days :
! .\f^mf'^^^^^m^^^^^^^^St ■ B^"^ " o>t * nn > oup dress- I
♦ S vM I H oHiS^^^^^^/|^^^^ Better all J
m\is WE INVITE YOU TO inspect <s>
I. ■if AN EASTER DISPLAY, I
t d&l ii More complete even than yesterday ; 37 cases added to-day-new £oods-?it and harmonious J
<«> " LWM Blends for Eastertide-beautiful as if Nature* blooms had been cauftht m the soft woolen <>
Jlwr^i folds. Many of the patterns and color combinations exclusive, and the range exhaustive <s>
1 fVS 9 in color harmony. Our windows can only give you an idea of the.r beauty •J rimml "«**° ♦
* U^fl match in every line and shade of the prevailing colors-Green, Blue. Brown. We would also
Vjjj note Black is more than usually popular. ■&
' - -= _ <?.
I \A/E OFFER TO-DAY %
<?> (SEE WINDOW DISPLAY) &
FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS 1
{.7 yards Silk and Wool mixed, fancy colorings, 42 inches wide, just in. latest combinations, in gray.^green. brown %
♦ 7 yard?Silk U Wool mixed;' choice colorings; « YnchVs 'wide/ gray.; CT^»'. brown and blue.. |jr,.00 suit length
I ■ S ''■ ° SIXTY CHOICE PATTERNS TO SELECT FROM. ,'%
♦ . DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT SHOWS. J
♦ rr.r,rhrhnm,< Viaeraux Diagonals, Velours, Covert Cloth, Cheviots Whip Cords, Incomplete #
♦ Orenadtnef&ck), Cre^Z (Black), Azures, Bayaderes, Tweed* _E pl ngUnes, berponettes, Assortments. +
4> ■ .* ■ - ■ • ' <»►
% ' OUR NEW MILLINERY DEPARTMENT »
I -r „ . nonHm „« thA Pattern Hats from leading milliners of Paris will impress upon your our <*
: IS Tim? en To\ O Oc rr p imaWnli maWn 1 | n proV^ss.^ol? Se#^nn« Sill Boon"be open-more progress. The New Cloak uiid :
? Wrap Department creates enthusiasm— sells goods better.
♦ LADIES' EMPIRE SCARFS. •>
"^ .*. .-,1 .rt m »nt in mull lawn net chiffon liberty and India, with tuckings, lace shirred and pleated
1 trt mm^rrwo U vardr o^rUgiriln See' from^,-. !, *....i. In colors these scarfs have an exceptionally fine J
J rSe bfack, white and all those delicate evening shades now so popular. <3>
: Hale's 8 Great Specials for To=Day. :
? LADIES' BLACK GROS GRAIN SILK SKIRT, with large satin figure, lined with percaline and bound with vel- <j
♦ 500 LADiEi^STA r NDING"T-PLY LINEN COLLARS, two of the latest patterns just arrived, all sizes from 12% *
t bOYS^B^ulb^^-^^^^^ whS-fi^ure, large sai,or collar, ruffled edge front and cuff. J
2-* laSi^^ a : now ; ble ii' l
♦ BO dozen UNBLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS, 24x50 inches, a good, heavy article. Every day value at 20c. but +
i 1000 spo'ols 'of'^TEW ART'S IRISH PURE LINEN THREAD full length 200 yards, the regUlar 8 l-3c article, black, J
I twH^s'^l^^^^^ To day 4.M0 per yard. J
J IN THE BAZAAR-SIX QUART STEEL, ENAMEL LIPPED SAUCEPANS, two layers enamel, regular price 30c. «>
I * «*- • = I
♦ We have White Organdies, Swisses and J
♦ mTT CXZI*T Lawns, Hosiery, Gloves, Ties, worth your N\C\YvC 5^T ♦
% (-i/T 1 t , early attention for CONFIRMATION. | i " IUI l\t6L J"
on this basis of cost, although the rul
ing price for bituminous rock pave
ment at that time was 18 cents per
"^the^ight of recent developments
it would be interesting to know if there
was not a private arrangement be
tween the San Francisco Paving Com
pany and certain favored Property
owners by which the cost to the latter
was much less than 23% cents a square
In order to facilitate Grand Jur> in
vestigation to determine whether the
city was fleeced. The Call presents the
names of the following property owners
who paid for the work on the north
side of Fell street:
John Van Bergen by J. VT. Van Bergen. C
Wilfprt, Sara Ruddiek, A. H. Bailey _ Jr., ai.
a Moidenhauer Kizpah Phillips by C. H.
pwinni Marraret Nuger. Cress Nuger, John
P Kiish "*■ T ling, John Huckman.
\v\U-r L ihaw Mrs. Emma Joseph by Albert
Joseph George K. Lang. Sophie Lang. Ignat*
■Kate and Alice Dunne by J. H. Kossiter. £j.
Messaget 3 J. Fat jo, J. W. Coleman Bartino
A. e Aronsoha S , Edward May T. F. . Schloss by
6 B Schloss, Clement Ruedier by A. Cellen.
I.' Kohn Bay City Building and Loan Asso
ciation Leon Dennery. J. H. Splro. William
wr«« hv P Heywood, Mr?. M. P. Cheesman by
SSSnm£ Buck£» * Co., Edward Wharton.
X \ Sturge and Annie K. Sturse. James
vUhlv A L Sch.vken. Lillle Schocken, M. C.
Laven 1 B. Ppm-kels. t Zellerbach, C. P.
Overton r. 3 Kaiehin. Ira Bishop. M. A.
»Xa D v«e^' M. B. Sturges. S. B.
iL-obs by David Stern & Son. agents, T.C.
Arnold H «H Colby M. Keating. riothschild
& ra McHafliP M. T. McGrath, W. Gruenhagen,
CAn * unexpected complication grew
out of the contract. When the work
was done it was found, according to
court decision in the Van Ness avenue
case that the Supervisors had no
power to authorize the Superintendent
of Streets to enter into a private con
tract The fact was recognized, how
ever that the contractor had done the
work and should be paid. To overcome
the objection the Board of Supervisors
on March 17, 1896, awarded to the same
contractor a contract to do the work
at the figures above specified, after
having proceeded in the usual manner
to invite bids. Of course, when the
work was opened to public competition
the pavement had been laid,, and no
contractor other than the one who had
performed the work could carry out
the improvement without taking up
the pavement already laid. It is said
that the successful bidder, after get
ting his contract in due form, diJ punch
a few holes in the old work and put in
new material as a matter of form. To
make the proceedings appear abso
lutely real the contractor on March 31,
1896, was allowed an extension of sixty
days' time to complete the work.
On May 16,1 896, a proportionate as
sessment from Masonic avenue to Clay-
I ton street was issued. Under this the
| contractor obtained from the city
1 $94°3 62, less fees of $216 55. The assess
ment was signed by Thomas Ash
worth, Superintendent of Streets, and
C I* Taylor, Acting Mayor. The en
gineer certified that the grades were
correct, except that the crown of the
I paving' was seven inches above official
■ grade. It is doubtful if an assessment
I against private owners, in the face of
i such a certificate from the engineer,
! would have provided money to pay the
contractor. The contractor, however,
had his own arrangement with the
owners of property on the north side of
Fell street.
Another proportionate assessment of
$12 488 50 from Clayton to Stanyan was
issued. It was signed also by Thomas
i Ashworth; Superintendent of .;■ Streets,
and C L. Taylor, Acting Mayor. The
I engineer again certified that the grade
I was incorrect, the crown of the pave
ment being eight inches above official
The third and last assessment for
$12 983 was signed by Mayor Phelan.
The whole amount collected from the
City was $34,894. ;. ' . •
It is said to be an open secret among
contractors and officers of the city : gov
ernment that the property owners paid
no such sum as this. *
HAS CHANGED
HIS VIEWS
Ex-Immigration Commissioner
Stradley Now Defends Jap
anese.
But a Few Months Ago Ho Fought
to Keep Them From
Landing.
Ex-TmmigTation Commissioner Walter
P. Stradley is amusing the public by his |
sudden change of mind regarding the ad- j
mission of Japanese. While in the office
he fought bitterly against the landing
of the little brown men, but now that he j
is practicing law, and by the way one of j
the counsel for thirty-three Japanese who i
were refused admission into the country. |
he has changed his tactics and will appeal j
to the Secretary of the Treasury and the j
Commissioner-General of Immigration
against the decision of the local board of
inquiry.
Mr. Stradley's views on the matter are
rather peculiar, but he states that while
It was his duty when in office to prevent
if possible the landing of Japanese he
now. as a citizen and practicing attorney,
will fight for his clients. "As a citizen,"
he said. "I am opposed to murder, but
from a legal standpoint I would defend a
man on a charge of murder." The charge
on which the men are denied admission
is that they may become Government
charges and Attorney Stradley contends
that the decision which prevents the Jap
anese from landing is wrong as there
has not been sufficient evidence to show
that his clients will become State or Gov
ernment charges as has been alleged.
A CONCERT BENEFIT.
Prominent Musicians Give Their Ser-
vices for the King's Daughters'
Home for Incurables.
A grand concert is to be given this even
ing at Sherman & Clay's Hall for the ben
efit of the Kings' Daughters' Home for
Incurables. The affair gives promise of
being a very brilliant one, as well as en
tertaining, as many prominent musical
people are announced to perform. The
programme for the evening is as follows:
Trio Beethoven
Mr. John Marquardt. Mr. 1... yon der Meh
den, Mr. Emil Cruell?.
Song. "Musica Protbita" (Forbidden Music)
Gastaldon
Klgr. G. S. Wanrell.
Violin solo, "Souvenir de Haydn" Leonard
Mr. John Marquardt.
Song, "Lascla ch'io rianßa" G. F. Handel
Miss M. Ornstein.
Harp solo Selected
Mme.Breitschuck-Marquardt.
Piano solo: Polonaise, op. 40 Chopin
Miss Bessie Lloyd Fenn.
Song, "Mia Sposa Sara la Mia Bandera"
Rotal
Sipr. G. L. Wanrell.
Violin solo, Romance from the E minor
Piano Concerto Chopin-Wllhelmj
Mr. John Marquardt.
atng, "Thine Eyes so Blue" Lasseni
Miss M. Ornstein.
Trio, (a) "Les Montons," Martin; (b) "Bo
lero" Serrano
Mr. Marquardt, Mr. L. yon der Mehden,
Mr. Emil Cruells.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famoua "Koh-I-Xoor." •
Redocumenting Vessels.
The Revised Statutes were amended
last year to permit the redocumenting of
a vessel which had once been documented
under the United States laws but had
been sold to foreigners and documented
under a foreign flag if said vessel again
became the property of American citizens.
The Commissioner of Navigation has
ruled that the law contemplates that the
original name and official number as ex
pressed in the former United States docu
ments must be retained upon the issuance
of new documents.
. ♦ .
Ladles' tailor-made suits: latest designs: we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
AN
OCCASION
Of unusual significance is our 3-day Gro-
cery Sale. Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day of every week you'll find bargains in
our store such as cannot be duplicated
elsewhere.
THIS lA/EEK.
Hams, per lb lie
Eastern sugar-cured,
excellent flavor.
Regular price 13c.
Pickled Figs, pint jar. .25c
Prepared in sweet pickle
and are superbly delicious.
Brandy— California 75c, 3 bots $2.00
9 years old. Gallon $3.00
Purity guaranteed.
Regular price $1 and $4.
Sardines (Bezier's), large tin 20c
Selected fish, put up in pure
olive oil.
Regular price 25c.
Finnan Haddies, per lb.. .12|c
A choice new lot just arrived.
Regular price loc.
Send or ask for new catalogue.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. ! Telephone West 152.
0000000000000 0000 O
? Cash or Little-at-a-Time Payments. ©
o o
IS $5.50 g
o <QG^^]ia Next —we o
q &ksm£hi£ Next week we Q
o 'tfW&lliikfP "'" sc " a highly ~
O ' r§& \ polished, carved, "
O 't v^^/l quarter - sawed O.
o **ft^v oak 5?
o;» HATRACK, ©
O "' &" '£> with mirror; for Q
Imm *sj^ o
OMI Y/y!ij ' n aPt >stf c and O
, O B ! vl P\ useful piece of O
O M P/'A ' furniture for o
*Z Im ) '' :'\ that empty cor-
° Ir^Sfi* ' ner. ' gs
O ih»&s3L*#jr :■-::. — - "
Q ■ This adv. mentions ■
]. only one bargain— Q
O our store is full of q
S J. NOON AN, 1
O 1017 to 1023 MISSION STREET, O
O 516 to 532 MINNA STREET, Q
0 ABOVE SIXTH. . ©'
g* Phone Open _
v South 14. v Evenings. °
o o
OOOOOO OO P P P P P P OOP P
W&m DR. HALL'S REIN VIGORATOR
Jl^Wfjffl ' Five hundred reward for any caaa
■KM BSCh.vi- cannot cure.- This secret remedy
SH. all losses in 24 hours, . cures
Five hundred reward for any caan
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
jn| {Sflg emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
W*B Wrn Gonorrhoea, Ol»et, Fits, Strictures.
liltif Jji'l Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
1 |S fects of self-ab'iseor excesses. Sent
KytSBsBS? sealed $2 bottle: 3 bottles. $5; guar
anteedtocure. Address HALLS MEDICAL IN-"
STITUTE 855 Broadway, • Oakland, CaL Also
for ; sale at 1073fi Market ' St.. S. F. ■ All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for frea book.
78
BODY BLOW DEALT
THE CORRUPTIONISTS
BOSS REA
CALLED DOWN
ONCE MORE
A Letter That Exon
erated Council
man Jarman
Did Not Get a Commission
on Selling a Steam
Roller.
Damage Suit That Would
Seem to Be Likely to
Stick.
GANG'S CHANGE OF PLAN.
The Leaders Clearly Laboring Un
der the Delusion That They
Are the People.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PAX JOSE, March 23.— Beyond ques
tion the sensation in the present cam
paign was the suit brought by J. P.
Jarman against "Jim" Kea for $50,000
damages on two counts charging slan
der and the incident which immediately
led to the suit.
According to Jarman's statement
Rea charged him on the public street
in the presence of a number of wit
nesses with having taken money as an
inducement to vote for the purchase
and payment of a steam roller by the
city.
Rea, in an interview, denied that he
had made any direct ciiarges against
Jarman, but said he told Jarman he
thought Jarman had received money in
this connection. Rea went further and
declared that he knew money had
been paid. The man who had dis
pensed the curruption fund, he said,
had told him to whom the money had
been paid and the amount each man
received.
When pressed to make public the
names and everything he knew in ref
erence to this transaction he declined
on the ground that he did not want to
"bowl anybody out."
J. H. Maggard acted as the agent of
the company which sold the steam roll
er to the city. His attention has evi
dently been called to the manner in
which his reputation and that of the
company he represented has been
placed in question by the unqualified
charge of bribery involved in Rea's
avowal.
In the following communication,
■which reached the correspondent of
The Call to-day, Maggard makes full
and emphatic denial of the things of
■which Rea claims he has positive
knowledge, and at the same time fur
nishes facts which completely exoner
ate Jarman. Maggard's letter, in full,
reads:
To the Editor of The Call: I see by the
public print that it is charged that there
was J9uO paid on the purchase of a steam
roller to some of the Councilmen of the
city of San Jose, and that $400 thereof
was paid to J. P. Jarman. Since I was the
person who represented the corporation
which manufactured the steam roller in
question, and who made the sale of the
said roller to the said city, I deem it due
to mo and to the public to say that I did
not pay, nor cause to be paid, to the
Councilmen, nor to any Councilman, of
the city of San Jose, either directly or
otherwise, or to J. P. Jarman, either di
rectly or otherwise, any money or prop
erty of any kind, nor did I ever promise
or offer to do so, in the sale of the s;u<l
steam roller to said city, nor did I ever
authorize or request any one to do so.
The records show the price for which
the roller was offered to the city and the
amount paid for the same, and I desire
to say further that this class and size of
roller was never offered to the city of
San Jose, nor to any other city on this
coast, nor to any individual, for any less
sum.
I respectfully ask that you publish the
above in your valuable paper. Yours
truly, J. H. MAGGARD.
At the last meeting of the Council
an attempt was made by Councilman
Nolting, supposedly at the instigation
of Rea, to make It appear that Jarman
had presented claims against the city
for payment for materials and» work
that were not legal. The matter was
referred to City Attorney J. R. Welsh
for an opinion. The opinion was sub
mitted this evening. Nolting has as
serted that the indebtedness had not
been legally contracted. The merits of
the matter were not touched upon by
the City Attorney in his opinion. This
simply stated that the claims had not
been verified and that they failed to
state by what authority the goods had
been furnished or the services perform
ed. In concluding the opinion read as
follows:
These claims not being regularly and
properly before the Common Council for
its action thereon, I am not at this time
called upon to pass upon their merits.
Thpy cannot in their present form be
legally acted upon by this body.
Nolting made another play in the in
terests of the "gang" this evening by
moving that the Street Superintendent
be authorized to employ additional men
for street cleaning, notwithstanding
that the street fund is not now suffi
cient to meet expenses until the end
of the year. The motion, after Mayor
Koch had called attention to the finan
cial situation, failed of a second.
This attempt to incur further in
debtedness on the now depleted street
fund is looked upon simply as a "-al
lery play to make votes for the "gang."
The extravagant regime of the
"gang" was strikingly illustrated to
night in the consideration of claims
due the San Jose Water Company for
water furnished last summer for
sprinkling the streets. The aggregate
amount of this company's claim is
$5713 05.
The *bill for water furnished in June
is $1492. This was approved by the
Council to-night, but there is only
$888 17 in the street contingent fund,
from which all these bills must be
paid. It is a violation of the charter
for the Council to pass bills in excess
of the fund from which they must be
paid.
In view of the dissolution of the tem
porary injunction restraining the
Council from passing the street-sweep
ing and fire-alarm system contracts
over the Mayor's veto, it was thought
the Council would attempt to consum
mate these contracts, but no action
whatever was taken in regard to them.
For reasons not made public it has
J. P. JARMAN.
ABALONE HUNTERS
LEFT ALONE UPON
A BARREN ISLAND
After Almost Incredible Hardships They
Make Their Way From Anacapa to
the Mainland Near Santa
Monica.
SANTA MONICA, March 23.— A. Johnson and Bow Olsen, two
fishermen, left by a companion, John Nelson, on Anacapa Island, the
smallest of the Santa Barbara group, arrived home to-night after in
credible suffering. The men left here one month ago to get abalone
shells for a San "Francisco button company. Nelson landed them from
a small sloop and returned here with a load of shells. He promised
he would go back at once. The two men had provisions for three days
and only four gallons of water, Nelson, for some reason, bringing
away a ten gallon cask of water.
For fifteen days the men waited and suffered. The rocky island
was searched fruitlessly for water and finally, despairing, they built a
rough raft and drifted out to a small open boat Nelson had anchored
a mile out. The sunken reefs about the island made their way perilous,
but they succeeded in getting out to the boat, and after hours of toil
ing at the oar, and with their makeshift sails, succeeded in landing
on the coast near Warren's ranch. They found water in cow tracks and
drank their fill and started again down the coast and reached Decker's
ranch, whence Charles Decker brought them home. They arrived this
evening. Johnson says he will have Nelson arrested.
been decided to change the title of the
"gang" ticket. Cards are already be
ing circulated headed with "Peoples
Municipal Ticket." This designation
is to take the place of "Business Men's
Ticket." An explanation of the new
title was hazarded by a prominent citi
zen. "The gang," he said, "is evidently
laboring under the hallucination that
It is the people. The leaders are in a
trance. Their awakening will come
with a Jolt on the 11th of April."
ELOPEMENT OF
PRINCESS LOUISE
Little Doubt That She Fled With
Her Lover After the Re
cent Duel.
Steps Have B«en Taken to Place Her
Under Guardianship as a
Spendthrift.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. March 24.— The Vienna cor
respondent of the Daily News says: The
sudden departure from the Riviera of
Princess Louise of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha,
eldest daughter of King Leopold of Bel
gium and wife of Prince Philip of Saxe-
Coburg-Ootha, with the simultaneous dis
appearance of Lieutenant Mattachich-
Keglevitch (with whom Prince Philip re
cently fought a duel), is now developing
in such a manner that it is imposs^le to
maintain the original resolution to pre-
B Tt e Co e burg y Palace the whereabouts of
the Princes! is absolutely unknown She
hart money addressed to her butler at
Mont" Carlo for her. and It is assumed
tnat she fs now in Paris. Steps have been
takon at Gotna by order of the reigning
Duke whose consent was necessary, to
ob am ajudfcial separation. By the Em
peror's express wish the proceedings will
not occur in Vienna. At the same time
ft w?ll be sought to place the Princess
under guardianship as a t s P^ dt P^ 9
Prince Philip's advertisement in Parts
that he would not be responsible for his
wife's debts was just in time to prevent
her raising a loan on the security of her
3e Ano r ther curious feature of the case
was an attempt made to suppress the ad
vertisement, through the telephone, by
the unwarranted use of the name of the
secretary of the Austrian embassy, Count
Bechtold. m
COMET NOW VISIBLE
TO THE NAKED EYE
Latest Discovery by Perrine Can
Easily Be Seen Through Small
Telescopes.
SAN JOSE, March 23.— The comet that
was discovered last Sunday morning by
Assistant Astronomer Perrine of Lick Ob
servatory is now Just vißlble to the naked
eye By reason of its distinct cellular nft
cleiis and tall it is an easy object for a
small telescope. It is situated in the
northern constellation Pegasus, and is
moving northward and eastward some
what more than a degree a day. The ele
ments of its orbit have been computed by
Professors Hussey and Perrine. They
think that the comet passed perihelion
on the 18th of March at a distance of a
little more than 100,000,000 miles from the
sun, and that it is now about the same
distance from the earth. Its distance
from the earth and its brightness are
slowly diminishing. The plane of the or
bit is inclined 72 degrees to the plane of
the earth's orbit. The intersection of this
plane is in longitude 264 degrees.
The comet surrounding the nucleus is
more than 100,000 miles in diameter. While
larger in actual dimensions than Jupiter,
the largest of the planets, the tail is some
7.000.000 or 8,000,000 miles In length. Some
of its characteristics resemble those of
the great comet.
Advances made on furniture nnd pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
POWER FROM
THE SIERRA
Marysville Lighted by
Her New Electric
System.
Wheels of Industry Turned by
a Force Exerted Miles
Away.
Browns Valley Mines to Be Supplied
With a Current From the
Same Source.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, March 23.— 0n Mon
day evening at the office of the Yuba
Power Company in this city, .there was
a large gathering of citizens, the occa
sion being the introduction into Mary B
ville of the company's electric light
from Its plant in the hills above
Browns Valley. There was a magni
ficent display, the object being to il
lustrate to prospective customers the
effect of the different methods of as-
sembling incandescent lights in order
to obtain the best possible effect. All
present were Impressed with the splen
did quality of light, its brilliancy and
steadiness.
Twenty-three miles of a delightful
drive, thirteen miles of which is
through the low foothills of the Sierras
above Browns Valley, brings one to the
power-house of the Yuba Power Com
pany, situated at the head of what
is known as Capitan ravine, down
which for 850 feet is laid the heavy
steel pipe which leads the waters of the
Browns Valley irrigation canal to the
Pelton wheels at the power-house.
These wheels are buckled to and run
the large electric generators, three In
number, of 600-horsepower capacity
each. The machines supply the current
for the lights in Marysvllle and the
power for the mines at Browns Valley.
The amount of water available at the
point of divergence is 2800 inches; the
fall from the ditch to the Pelton wheels
is equivalent to a vertical fall of 293
feet, and the power there capable of
production is i876-horsepower.
Recent inventions in the matter of
electrical transmission of power will
render it possible to transfer this im
mense load from the point of its pro
duction to the place of application with
but the trifling loss of 8 per cent on the
maximum capacity of the plant. All of
the work in connection with this plant
has been of the most substantial char
acter. The water-wheels are supported
on solid concrete bases and the wire
and poleline are of the best obtainable
materials. The entire length of the
pole line through the hills Is cleared
off for fifty feet on each side of the
wires, thus reducing to a maximum
the danger of interference to the line
from windblown trees or forest fires.
Convenient to the power house is the
residence of the electricians and em
ployes in charge of the plant. The
structure which will house these gen
tlemen is a comfortable one of two
stories.
The company is figuring on extending
its current to Wheatland, Smartsville,
Woodland, Lincoln and other surround
ing towns.
Death of a Novelist.
HAMBURG, March 23.— Hans Wachen
husend, the novelist, is dead.
WRECK
CAUSED BY
THE FLOOD
Disaster to a Train
Near Columbus,
Ohio.
Rising Waters Cut Off
Escape From the
Ditched Cars.
Engineer and Two Brakemen
Are Missing and May
Be Dead.
TRAFFIC IS PARALYZED.
Great Damage Don© by tho Rising
of the Ohio River and Its
Tributariea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 23.— Owing
to the unprecedented floods only two of
the fifteen lines of railway., centering
here were able to move trains out of the
city. The washouts were mostly in or
near the city. In the western part of
the city probably 2000 persons have
been driven out of their houses, or are
living in the upper stories. The water
works pumping station is flooded and
the water supply in the central part uf
the city is cut off.
A train consisting of a passenger
coach, caboose and locomotive, with a
wrecking crew of twenty-four men
aboard, was wrecked near here this
evening. The river broke over its
banks and the scene of the wreck is
surrounded by water for a mile, and
can be reached only by b.iat. The en
gineer cannot be found.
The fireman was washed away and
swam to a tree, where he is now wait
ing to be rescued, but on account of
the darkness and the swift current it
is impossible to reach him. A big bon
fire has been built a half mile away to
give him light and hope. Nearly every
man of the twenty-four was more or
less injured. Six or eight are badly in
jured and may die.
Engineer Connell of L< 'transport and
two brakemen are missing and may be
dead. The seriously Injured are: Con
ductor Franklin of Log&nsport, Charles
Sparks of Logansport. Samuel Talk
ing ton of New Albany, "William Moore
of Sellersburg, Frank LJzenbey of Sel
lersburg, Josenh Scott of Austin and
William Whitson of Memphis, Ind.
A man named McCune says that hr>
and a brakeman waded through the
water and carried Conductor Franklin
to the end of the trestle, where they
laid him down. McCune went back to
help others and neither the conductor
nor the brakeman has been seen since.
CINCINNATI, March 23.— Thy Ohio
River is swollen by a peculiar and re
markabale flood— peculiar in that while
the stage of the water is phenomenal,
from Wheeling to Cairo, no tributary
on the left bank of the river makes the
slightest contribution to the freshet.
Added to an unusually high sta^- of
water at Pittsburg. There have boen
freshets and floods throughout Ohio
and Indiana and torrents pouring Into
the Ohio from the north. Throughout
Indiana, Ohio and Western Pennsylva
nia there has been an almost steady
downpour of rain since last Saturday.
Nearly all the railroads in Central
and Southern Ohio are either crippled
or totally disabled, owing to washouts
and weakened bridges. Throughout
Indiana, except perhaps in the ex
treme northern parts, railroad traffic is
demoralized. In Cincinnati the stage
of the river at 9 o'clock to-nipht was 47
feet 6 inches and the flood was rising
at the rate of three inches an hour.
Rain is still falling.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 23.— Floods
are reported throughout the State of
Indiana. Many important towns are
temporarily cut off from communica
tion and trains have been entirely
abandoned on some railroads. There
have been thirteen rainy days in March
with a total precipitation of 7.22
inches of which :5.5 inches has fallen
since Sunday. White River and Big
Eagle and Fall creeks are out of their
banks and many families have been
driven from their homes.
It is reported that $100,000 damage has
been done at Greensburg, where at
noo«i to-day eight heavily laden passen
ger trains had been stalled for sixteen
hours owing to washouts. At St. Paul
the Riekhart flouring mills were wash
ed away, and other losses there will
bring the total up to $40,000.
Wrecks have been reported from dif
ferent parts of the State, and railroad
traffic in Indiana east of this city is
demoralized. Not a passenger train
reached Indianapolis from the East to
night.
All the bottom land outlying Indian
apolis is covered with water, and White
River is slowly rising, but no great ap
prehensionisfelt.
EMPEROR OF CHINA
WOULD RESIST RUSSIA
Only the Counsels of Li Hung Chang
Prevent a Hostile
Move.
PEKING, March 24.— During the last
few days the consultations between the
Emperor and high officers of state have
shown that China is finally alive to her
serious situation. One night the- Em
peror actually decided to resist Russia
by force of arms, but lack of money
and the counsels of Li Hung Chang
prevailed upon him to stop. Neverthe
less, the eyes of the Tsung Li Yamen
have been opened to the full extent as
to the value of Russia's promises of
friendship, and during a recent discus
sion the Emperor exclaimed:
"Why did I not accede to the opening
of the Talien Wan when England pro
posed it?"
Germany is beginning to experience
some difficulty in the province of Shan
tung, where the natives declare that
in spite of the Emperor's proclamation
they will oppose with violence the con
struction of the projected railway.
LONDON, March 24.— The Nagaska
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
China, it is reported, refuses to accept
Russia's pledge that the occupation of
Port Arthur will not be permanent un
less the document is countersigned by
France and Germany, but it is believed
if she does not accede to the Russian
demand before Saturday next Russia
intends to seize Port Arthur and Talien
Wan and to hoist the Russian flag
there.
According to a special dispatch from
Shanghai M. Kurileff, the Russian rep
resentative in the Corean custom
house and his entourage, disgusted
over their failure in Corea, have been
transferred to Port Arthur.
BATTLE OF
THE JOBBERS
IS FOUGHT
Victory Appears to
Rest With This
Coast.
Freight Bureau Hears
Both the East and the
West
Local Men Present Strong
Arguments to Railway
Representatives.
WILL GAIN THEIR POINT.
Difference in Rates Between Carload
Lots and Smaller Shipments to
Be Maintained.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, March 23.— The great
battle between the Pacific Coast cham
pions of trade and the interlopers from
Chicago and St. Louis has been fouglii,
and, if there is any truth in the adag?,
"Coming events cast their shadows
before," it is on the local banner that
the bird of victory will eventually find
a permanent roost.
As soon as the Transcontinental
Freight Bureau went into session this
morning Mr. Johnson, representing the
forces of the Simmons Hardware Com
pany of St. Louis, and Mr. Wait, repre
senting the Hibbard, Spencer & Bart
lett Co., of Chicago, were admitted into
the meeting, together with their trust
ed ally, Mr. Vanlandingham, who is
said to represent the St. Louis Freight
Bureau, but who is commonly sur
posed to be a Hessian in disguise, who^e
duty is to support the forces of the
Simmons Hardware Company in their
endeavors to force the trade of the Pa
cific Coast to bear an unjust burden.
These gentlemen, speaking in turn,
managed to present what they call a
case, and after the freight bureau had
patiently listened to them until 11
o'clock they were allowed to conclude
and went out, their place being taken
by the traffic committee of the Pacific
Coast Hardware and Metal Associa
tion, which, together with representa
tive of the citrus fruit men, in the
persons of T. H. Buck and Senator
William Johnson and Cosmo Morgan,
who was there to look after the inter
ests of the grocery jobbers of Los An
geles, presented the caso of the DeDple
and the merchants of the Pacific Coast.
The hardware and metal men were
entrusted with the actual presentation
of the case, and the following gentle
men, members of the traffic committee
of that organization, covered the entire
ground of debate and presented incon
testible arguments in favor of the
cause they upheld in a number of care
fully prepared speeches, which they
delivered under the following titles:
■( 'ur United Pacific Coast Jobbing
Trade," Secretary F. L. Brown; "The
Scope of Our Organization," George
Boole of Los Angeles; "The Old Cape
Horn Water Routes," Bruce Hayden;
"Water Competition Actual and Possi
ble," Wakefield Baker; "Carload Dif
ferentials," W. R. Wheeler; "Group
ings, Classification and Fair Inspec
tion," A. C. Rulofson.
The reading of the preamble and the
presentation of the recommendations
devolved upon Assistant Secretary W.
C. McCloskey.
It was quite evident as the addresses
were delivered by the men of the West
that their remarks brought to the at
tention of the bureau some new and
very interesting information and they
were listened to with the closest at
tention. After the closing address had
been made the meeting adjourned for
the noon hour.
As the different railroad men filed
out of the big ballroom, wliere the
.sessions are held behind closed doors,
and congregated in the lobby of the
hotel, it was quite evident from the
fragments of discussion that floated
through the air and by the congratu
lations extended by the railroad men
to the different speakers, that they had
made a very favorable impression on
many minds. It was also observed that
the wise men from the East were evi
dently much disturbed and looked
neither as wise nor as confident as they
have appeared during the last few
days. They were much upset by the
aspect affairs were assuming.
The Pacific Coast delegation went
for a drive immediately after luncheon,
leaving the scene of their morning's
triumph entirely unprotected. and
on their return they were much sur
prised when told that during their ab
sence the brainy men from the land of
the rising sun had endeavored to get
another hearing before the bureau, but
had been turned down; also that the
chairman had, while refusing the re
quest of the financiers from across the
continent, sent unsolicited to the
speakers of the morning who had up
hold the local side of the controversy
to again come before the meeting and
explain in detail some of the recom
mendations they had made; but unfor
tunately, they had not returned from
their drive and the opportunity was
lost.
Aside from a Reneral and informal
discussion of the matters which had
been presented for their consideration
by the rival speakers during the fore
noon session, the afternoon session was
taken up with a number of unimpor
tant issues on the docket. It was offi
cially stated by a number of the repre
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 SPEAKING jpg||OF CURES! |
» Rupture Cured in Two l^^jSfe^ He Feels Like a Boy of »
« Months. W^p^? Fifteen. -. «
£ — - *W — 8
8 Occidental, Calif..
£$ Feb.' 28th, 1898.
£ DR. PIERCE & SON— Gentle-
w men: I wish to Inform you that the Truss
™; which I purchased at your office the 6th
" of last December CURED me of Rupture
& in TWO MONTHS. I am over sixty years
q of age.
w There Is no mistake about the fact that
'•* your celebrated Magnetic Elastic Truss
# will positively CURE RUPTURE, and ]
w heartily recommend it to all ruptured per-
Jj sons. Yours sincerely, C. S. COLLINS.
£> If ruptured, call or send 2c in stamps fot
w our New Book on Rupture. Trusses fitted
.**. at office without extra charge. Address
& MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
& A f> O MARKET STREET. Opposite
v«v • " *m\J Palace : Hotel. San Francisco,
w Or 35 and 38 Sullivan Block, 712 First aye.,
£$ SEATTLE.
eentatives of the leading roads that,
though they had attended many con
ferences, yet for a concise and at the
same time thoroughly comprehensive
presentation of a case they had never
seen the equal of the one put up before
them by the local men to-day. From
these and a number of similar expres
sions of opinion by prominent railroad
men it seems a foregone eoncnislon
that the Western side will be the win
ning side, and that, despite their
shrewdness, tl. i men from the East
will soon have added to their store of
wisdom the knowledge of defeat.
When asked to define his position in
the present controversy and to explain
the grounds on which he based his ar
guments for the abolishment of the dif
ferentials between carload and less
than carload lots, A. J. Vanlanding
ham, commissioner of the St. Louis
Traffic Bureau, said:
"I notice some of our opponents quote
the Traffic Bureau as an adjunct of the
Simmons Hardware Company ana
that I am here solely in its interest.
Such is not the fact. On the contrary,
the St. Louis Traffic Bureau has among
its members the leading merchants and
manufacturers of St. Louis. It >• my
business to look after the freight inter
ests of St. Louis in every line of trade.
It happens that the leading questions
at issue in this meeting relate to the
hardware trade. A few weeks a«0 I
was before another meeting of railroad
men on a grain proposition. I had a
grocery proposition at this meeting,
and I now have a number of questions
other than hardware propositions for
consideration.
"Our principal reason for coming
here, however, was to show the injus
tice of the proposed advances in less
than carload rates requested by the
hardware jobbers of the Pacific Coast.
We believe the present difference be
tween carload and less than carload
rates great enough— in many instances
too great. We believe to widen these
differences would be injurious to our
selves, the retail dealers of California,
and to every one else other than th«-.
few jobbers who presented the petition
last April. We think the Beck & Cor
bett Iron Company, the N. O. Nelson
Manufacturing Company, the Simmons
Hardware Company and other jobbers
of St. Louis and the Mississippi Valley
have as much right to sell goods in Cal
ifornia as the fruit raisers of California
have to sell their products in St. Louis.
We know that the protective tariff
asked for by our rivals would make a
greater difference between carload and
less than carload rates than the protit
on the goods. We know no such differ
ence exists in other territories, ami
therefore should not exist in California.
"We know the commodity rates com
plained of by our competitors were
made to meet water competition and
that the movement by water is not in
carload quantities. We know the re
quest made by our rivals is contrary
to law, as shown in the noted Thurber
case, decided by the Interstate Com
merce Commission some years ago and
never reversed. We know these gentle
men by reason of their proximity to the
trade, quickness with which goods can
be delivered after ordered, and for
various other reasons have many de
cided natural advantages over us
which we cannot overcome, and we arc
therefore opposed toany increase in
our disadvantages."
Ralph S. Buck, representing th^
Bridge and Beach Manufacturing Com
pany of St. Louis, and Cribben, Sexton
& Co. of Chicago, arrived here this
evening. He comes to take no part in
the fight, but simply to acquaint him
self with any changes that may be
made in rates affecting the goods he
handles.
COLDEST NIGHT
OF THE SEASON
Heavy Frost Ravages the Al
ready Blighted Fruit
Trees.
Reports From Several Sections Are
That the Destruction Has Been
Complete.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE. March 23.— This part of
the country was visited last night by the
heaviest frost that has ever been ex
perienced here at this time of the year,
and as a result the apricot crop is ruined
in the greater part of the county. Here
in the city that variety of fruit was all
killed. Walnuts and early peaches as
well as flg-s were damaged considerably,
The frost nipped orange blossoms to some
extent, but not enough damage was ilmie
to affect the crop. T.'p to lust nijrht the
cold weather had not done any damage
here, although it did in other parts of the
county.
\V< iODLAND, March 2.3.— Last night
was the coldest of the season here, lle
tween 5 and 6 o'clock thi.s morning the
thermometer registered 24 degrees in the j
Yolo orchard for nearly two hours. No
examination has yet been made, but Mr.
DcPue says the destruction was bo great
when the thermometer touched 26 degrees
that it hardly seems probable t'nat there
are any apricot and almond buds alive
now.
At Winters the temperature of the val- j
ley was as low as 21. Heretofore orchards i
near the foothills, and especially near |
the mouth of the canyon and running i
water, were not so badly affected and j
there were hopes that almonds and apri
cots would yield at least a partial crop, ,
but the news this morning leaves but lit
tie hope, and the prevailing opinion is !
that almond and apricot buds are practi- !
cally all dead. The importance of the j
fruit industry to Yolo County can better ■
be appreciated when it is understood that
at the Yolo orchard alone $15,000 was paid
out in wages last season.
ORANGE, March 23.— Despite the fact
that the rainfall has amounted to but :
4.23 inches the prospects in this section j
are not at all bad. The ditches are carry
ing immense volumes of water, and while
the hay crop will be short it will be noth- j
ing like a failure. At the present time
the outlook for peaches and apricots has I
never been better.
SACRAMENTO. March 23.— This morn
ing was the coldest here in twenty years
for so late in the season, the mercury i
falling to 30 degrees. The frost was very !
heavy and reports received ' to-day from j
various localities show that orchardists
believe all the fruit crops, with the pos- ;
slble exception of pears, have been well !
nigh ruined. These reports of the dam- ;
age may be overestimated, but the fact
that such a heavy frost has occurred at
a time when the young fruit Is forming ,
renders the outlook very disheartening.
Grand Parlor Delegates.
SANTA CRUZ, March 23.— Santa Cruz
WM. H. SAWYER of Berdell &
Station, Sonoma County, writes £*
as follows:
"I cannot refrain from saying that I con- &
Blder your *Galvanic Chain Belt" to be one &
of the greatest inventions on earth, for It , A
has given me such LIFE AND VIGOR V
that I feel as young and spry as a boy of jrt
fifteen years of age. Without your Belt I *T
felt weak and without energy; but with Q
your Belt and Suspensory on I am one of q
the most active, vigorous and happy men
you will be able to meet anywhere. Your &
Belt Is certainly a wonderful invention, w
and if others only knew as much about it w
as I do, no man or woman in the Stale of Q
California would be without It for a single —
day." Q
For full particulars of Dr. Pierces Patent q
Klectrlc Belt call or send stamp for our
new Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." Arl- Q
dress PIEUCR EI^ECTUIO CO., 620 Market v*
Bt., San Francisco, or 35 and 36 Sullivan *~ j
Building. 712 First aye., Seattle. 0 '
■p-irlor No 90 Native Sons of the Golden
Weal at its regular meeting lasj evening
. ted de ■ '' PaT }SF'
which is to be held In Nevada CUy. The
,i,.i .• ■ • R. H. I ringle, v
v,,,,;,.. VV I. Newman: alternates,
Q^rgeCrdtfenden, Charles A William,.
Car! Krataensteln.
INCENDIARISM AT WINTERS.
Two Conflagrations Started by a Pair
of Firebugs.
WINTERS, March 2S.— A barn at the
southern edge of town was discovered on
fire at U o'clock last night by a < hinaman
who saw two men running from it. pe
alarm drew all people who, were then
awake to the burning building, when in
a few minutes a second alarm called the
fire apparatus to Levlngood'a saloon, In
th, cenjter of town. The second lir
in a brick building and was extinguished
with chemical hand extinguishers.
No doubt both fires were Incendiary,
and probably were s«1 by the same pe r-
Bons. Coal ©11 was found Hberally
sprinkled around the barn, and a pile or
old papers saturated with it waa found
in the saloon. __^___— — — —
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~THE ALASKA
EXPLORATION
COMPANY,
Under the management of H. LIEBES &
COMPANY.
Engaged In the Alaska trade for the past
thirty-five years.
THROUGH STEAMER LINE
TO OAWSON
IN 25 DAYS!
The Al, Elegant and Commodious Iron Ocean
Steamer,
LE EL AN AW,
Capacity, 3000 tons, with
FIRST-CLASS PASSENGER ACCOMMO-
DATIONS ONLY,
Will leave San Francisco about June 1, with
through passengers for St. .Michael, where
transfer will be made to the company
Large and Magnificent River Steamer*
For all points on the Yukon River and Daw-
son City direct.
Fitted with ELECTRIC LIGHTS. STEAM
STEERING GEAR, the most powerful en-
gines EVER placed in such VESSELS, and all
the latest Improvements for
SAFETY, SPEED AND COMFORT.
PASSENGER RATES:
San Francisco to Dawson. $300, 150 lbs of bag-
!'• . game free.
Round trip tickets at reduced rate.
FREIGHT RATE— cents per pound.
Orders issued at the Company's San Fran-
cisco of nee for the purchase of provisions and
other supplies, to be delivered at any of its
stations in Alaska or Northwest Territory.
Letters of Credit issued payable at any of its
Alaska stations: prompt attention given to all
commissions; general parcel and transfer ex-
press.
For reservations apply at once to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY.
133 POST STREET,
Or H. LIEBES * CO.,
133-13T POST STREET,
: SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Iso deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous V"' j.
10 CENT TRIAL SIZE.
ELY'S Cream BALM
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious ('.rug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Pa9sa«^a, Allays Pain and Inflammation. Heals
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Senses
of Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
Relief at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mail.
Trial Size 10 cts. at Drogglota or by mail.
KLT HUOTHEI^. M Warren Street, New York
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A.LLNtrvous pint ages— Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Kxcessea and Indis-
cretions, They quickly and eurrlif
restore Lout Vitality in old or young, and
fit a man for study, business or marriage.
!• Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
•.•>.» >• in wine. Their use shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CURE whore all other foil In-
sist upon having the genuine A jus Tablets. They
have cured thousands and willcnreyoa. We give apoe-
itive v.r:ttent;'Jarantoe toeffoctucure CA PTQ is
each case or refund the money. Prico VIVi per
package; or cix pkee9 (fall treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, iipon receipt of price. Circular
freo -AJAX REMEDY CO., && < SS?T?.f fc »
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnlti A Co..
K0 Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 953 Mkt.
«a A\f or FADED HJCTR RESTORED to
■«W\ AA M mouthful color and beauty by DR.
*"■■***■ HAYS HAIR HEALTH. kS:
moves dandruff ami scalp disease. Don't stain
skin, (overs BALD spots. Absolutely harmless.
Largo bottles 50 cents, at druggists. Ketalt agents.
NO-PERCtNTA(IE ,-HAKMai-Y, 953 Market st.
Wholusala-'MAOK .<• CO.: I.ANGLKY i. MICH.
\KLS: UOFKIN. KKDLNUTON A CO.
I*BZM WE RENT TYPEWRITERS, *
g^^^» /\II makes.
fPSIiL.fyM. ALEXANDER,
no Montgomery St.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful ..phroa.siao and specino tunic
(or the sexual and urinary organs of both
texes. and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. . A great Restorative,
Invigorator and- Nervine. Sells ' on its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABEH, ALFS & BHUNE. Agents,
823 Market Street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
q visit DR. JORDAN'S o«at
Jaffa Museum of Anatomy
f M]M\ ICSI ITABSE2 ST. tet. C'.i ft 7th, S. T. CiL
M >H » The largest of its kind in ths World.
lj8l»\ DR ' JORDAN— Private Dfseases.
iPOT Con,ulu:ion frw. Writ, for B«ok
(M ! j^Phiiosophyof'iafriak*.
O 'o mhup rait.
Oppression, Suffocation, Setifa]gla,etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J.ESPIC; New York, E. FOUGERA CO.
» SOLD : v ALL DKUGGISTS
■ ■ .'^^dHtak^^iai PiK ** Is a non-poisonotia
. < %jg^ja»* 's^»itf remedy for Gonorrbcea,
JmEp^' ' ' "* ' ■'^^Bl (Jlt> V t ' Spermatorrhoea,
#$&& in l to s i»r»-\S Whites, unnatural dis-
JHBf Oc»r»atted g charges, or any iuflamnia-
141 cot to "trictnre. tion, irritation or nlcera-
i*f «Tesi :uausioo. tion of win co us mem-
|f?I«THEE¥ANSCHEMIf!Hno. braneg, Non-astringent.
«^^:,NCiNNATI,O BH *° ld by UrocßlsU,
«Hk V.S.A. >r;a ?r? r sent in plain wrapper,
JWflo^ " iWI by express, prepaid, for
f£^^^^Bf&!&m I. 1 - 00 or 3 bottles, f2.T5.
V " ■ Circular s-ut uu r»«iuost.GOLD-SEEKERS
SENT TO SEA IN
A ROTTEN HULK
The Almy Was Going
to Pieces Before
She Sailed.
J. R. Armstrong Refunded
Cash Because of Her
Condition.
He Ran a Lead-Pencil Four
Inches Into the Planking
of Her Hull.
SHIPPED IN A DEATH TRAP
Twelve Men Tried to (Jet Their
Moii«y Back, but Were Sent
to Their Doom.
The probability of a terrible loss of
life in the foundering of the bark Helen
W. Almy Wiis lessened yesterday when
it was learned that several other ves
sels left this port at the same time and
were probably in her immediate vicin
ity when she capsized.
Who is to blame for the awful catas
trophe may never be known as a legal
certainty, but that those who shipped
en the rotten hulk were culpable in
their negligence or their haste to reach
the gold fields of the north was evident
when it was learned that all who went
had been duly warned that the bark
uas unseaworthy and would not stand
a storm. Three men who took the
warning have reason now to congratu
late themselves for their good fortune
in losing their passage, but those other
eager ones have their impatience to
blame for their calamity.
The three men who are now alive,
safe and thankful, owe to J. R. Arm
strong, the ticket-broker at 21 Market
street, the fact that they did not suffer
the fate of the other forty whose names
wore on the ship's lists, for it was his
investigation into the conditions of the
vessel and his warning that caused
them to turn back. In speaking of the
matter yesterday he said:
"Why, that ship was almost falling
to pieces at the dock. It was a shame
that she was permitted to leave here
at all. She was rotten to the core,
and had been lying over in Oakland
Creek, a condemned hulk, for a long
time. I bought twenty-five tickets on
her when she was chartered, not know
ing anything about her condition, but
when I learned that she was unsea
worthy I demanded my money back,
and got it.
"I ?"ld tickets to Otto Miller, J. El
mer, John Meyers and Charles Ohde,
and they came to me and told me that
they had heard that the Almy was un
sound and unseaworthy. I imme
diately went with them and a friend
of mine, who is a good mechanic and
J understands all about ships, to the
dock, and made an investigation. "We
f"und that the hull was crumbling and
rotten. We could take an ordinary
pocket-knife and run it into the plank
ing of the hull to the hilt and cut a
circle about the bolts holdings the wood
work together.
•'I ran mr lead pencil Tour
inches into the rotten tim
bers and could pinch off* the
decayed wood with my finger
nails.
"I took the men back to my office and
refunded them their deposit on the
tickets and told them to warn every
body on the vessel of her condition.
Several people have come to me since
then to buy tickets, but I have refused
to sell them, and destroyed all the cir
culars which I had printed about the
vessel's sailing.
"The man who was down on the list
of the bark as 'unknown' was Otto
Miller, one of the men to whom I re
turned the money. He said that he
was In a hurry and was going on the
vessel anyhow, and when I refused to
Bell him a ticket he got mad and bought
it somewhere else. That is why his
name is not known on the list. I
crossed it off my list and it wasn't re
placed.
"The men who chartered the bark
had a hard time getting a crew, and
they must have signed fully a hundred
men before they could get enough to
stick to man her. Their mates all left
two hours before she sailed, and the
men who replaced them were picked
up about the dock and knew nothing
if the Almy's condition.
"Twelve of the men who went on the
Almjf tried for a week or more to get
their money refunded, but the man who
sold the tickets to them refused to pay
back the cash. These men tried in
every way to get their money, but when
they found they either had to go on the
Almy or lose their money they decided
to go with her. Had the party who sold
the tickets refunded the money these
twelve men would be safe here now."
The party of twelve referred to by
Mr. Armstrong had been here for some
weeks preparing for their trip to the
Klondike. When they learned that the
vessel was rotten they went to the
agent from whom they secured the
tickets and demanded back the deposit
money. They were told that the deposit
was a business transaction, and if they
did not go on the bark they would have
to lose the money. They tried for days
to get their money, even going so far
as to bring influence to bear on the
owners of the vessel, but with no avail,
and then, rather than lose $240, they
decided to take the risk of the unsea
worthy ship. These men were headed
by John Snell, and came from Colgate.
Indian Territory. The party consisted
of Snell, Barna, Clnotto, R. Nichols, J.
T. Gotsky, John Walker, William Mc-
Cray, William Snedden, Julius Gill,
Theo Crober, James RonaJd, James
Saxon and Adolph Waldoo.
According to the law regarding the
inspection of sailing vessels the wreck
of the Helen W. Almy was an accident.
No official is responsible for the fact
J. R. ARMSTRONG,
Who Warned the Men on the
111 Fated Bark Helen W. Almy.
that she was permitted to sail in a
sinking condition. The law gives no
one jurisdiction over sailing vessels
unless they leave for a foreign port
not contiguous to the United States or
for some port on the Atlantic coast.
All coasting craft under sail is exempt
from inspection, consequently when the
owners demand clearance papers from
the collector of the port, he has no op
tion except to give them.
Hence, nobody is to blame — legally.
A dispatch to The Call from Santa
Cruz says that John Leveck, whose
name is on the passenger list of the
Almy, left Boulder Creek, where he
was in the saloon business, for Alaska,
a week ago. His family thinks that
although he had passage engaged he
did not go on the vessel because he
missed the train at San Jose and the
Almy had left before he reached Sun
Francisco. John Leveck has not been
heard of since he left San Jose.
The loss of the Helen W. Almy was
the one topic of conversation on the
water front yesterday. Some seafaring
men think that every soul on board
perished, while others think that some
if not all of the passengers and crew
may have been saved. With the Almy
there sailed last Sunday the whaling
bark Andrew Hicks on a cruise, the
schooner Alcalde for Willapa Harbor,
Barbara Hernstc-r for Fort Bragg,
Beulah for Seattle, barkentine Eureka
for Tacoma, schooners John A. for Eu
reka and Maggio C. Russ for Astoria.
The Andrew Hicks and the Helen W.
Almy were almost the same size and
sailed in company and should have
been close together during Sunday
night and Monday's storm. Then the
schooners must have been somewhere
in the vicinity and if the Almy's people
had a chance to take to the boats they
A SEARCH FOR THE MISSING DEAD.
The Revenue Cutter Rush Went Out to the Wreck Yesterday Morning and Remained
Alongside It Nearly the Whole Day. A Boat Was Lowered and as Complete a Search as
Possible of the Derelict Was Made, but No Trace of Human Bodies Could Be Found.
also had a good chance to be picked
up.
The wreck Is in about the same posi
tion that it was Tuesday. Both an
chors have found holding pround and
the remains of the vessel will stay
where they are until a wrecker or an
other storm sends them to the bottom.
Yesterday the revenue cutter Rush
went out to the wreck and remained by
it all day. No trace of life was found
and the wreck gave the appearance of
holding together for some time to
come. The captain of the cutter con
siders the remains of the Almy a men
ace to navigation and recommends that
they be blown up. The life saving crew
at the Ocean Beach went out to the
wreck last night and put a light on
It. This they will do every night un
til the derelict is removed.
The man who knows more about the
Helen W. Almy than anybody else in
San Francisco is "Jim" Widdonsun,
who for 15 years was first mate of the
old craft. "She was built In 1859 by
Charles Almv of New Bedford," said
he, yesterday. "She was christened
after Mr. Almv's daughter, Helen W.,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
and was first of all in the China tea
trade and a smart little clipper she
was. But she was tender— always ten
der. I joined her in 1864 and left her in
I^7!*, when Captain Freeman put his
son in as. master.
'•'After running for a while in the
("him trade she was sent out to Aus
tralia and carried passengers from
Sydney to San Francisco. We brought
a first-class printer over with us on
the first trip and when he did nut tind
all the gold he expected he went to
work at his trade and James King of
William made him foreman of the Bul
letin composing rooms. He went back
to Australia again later on and years
afterward, when the Almy was once
again in Port Jackson, he brought his
wife and children aboard to Bhow them
the vessel that had carried him to the
<;<'i<i>-n West.
"The Helen W. Almy came to be
owned on the Pacific Const through a
trade. A man named Connor swapped
the bark Benefactress for the Almy
and put her in the trade between San
Francisco and Portland. She and the
Jane A. Palkenberg, now being fitted
out to pro to Kotzf-bue Sound, formed
what was called the 'Portland line of
Bailing vessels.' The Falkenberg was
well taken care of and is a good, stout
ship now, but the Almy was tender —
always tender. We used to always be
doing something to her to straighten
her, and once we had to put in sister
keelsons to keep her rating up. she
never leaked while I was in her, but
then I left her before she was dis
mantled in a hurricane and had to put
into San Francisco for repairs."
Widdonson thinks that the Almy
leaked through her topsides until she
was half filled with water, and that a
squall then put her over on her Bide.
The manager of th° Brooklyn Hotel
was in a terribly distressed state of
mind yesterday. Fifteen out of the
twenty-seven passengers on the Helen
W. Almy were guests at his hotel up to
the time of departure.
"I have been overwhelmed with tele
grams from their friends in the East," |
he said, "but what can I reply? I can- i
not hold out any hope of the poor fel- i
lows' safety. They were all line, strap
ping young men, mostly from Colgate
in the Indian Territory. It is too bad.
This sort of thing should be stopped;
somebody ought to be made responsible
for sending ships to sea In such a con
dition."
When seen yesterday J. Wightman
Jr. at first declined to discuss the loss j
of the Almy at all.
"It is an awful affair," he said at j
last, "but what Is the use of talking
about it? Charges have been made
against me and the vessel which are
utterly unfounded, but sooner than re
ply to them I would prefer to let the
matter drop." '
Th 9 fac-simile yHJ? s/ft?_jjs?~ m ** on every wrapper
signature of Wuz//Z7&£ZtM of CASTORIA.
A Possible Chance for
the Safety of the
Men.
May Be Sailing North
With Everything Lost
but Life.
Several Other Vessels Were
in the Immediate
Vicinity.
WRECK TO BE BLOWN UP.
Government Cutters Will Send the
Derelict to the Bottom With
Dynamite.
It was pointed out to Mr. "Wightman
! that it would be better for the public
and for himself to state his side of the
case, and at last he consented. "I he
; lieve," he said, "that the Helen W.
: Almy was thoroughly seaworthy when
she left this port She was an old ves
sel, it is true, but then she was very
strongly built of oak, and had never,
during the whole course of her career,
proved unfit for service.
"It is my opinion that she capsized
! owing to the pressure of the gale on
; her sails. Perhaps the crew, being new
' to the vessel, were not able to ttjte in
: the canvas quick enough. But Ido not
■ believe that she started leaking, ami
BO tilled with water before capsizing."
"But what about Captain Pedersen'S
statement that, on the voyage to Ocos,
I in the Carolines, she leaked so badly
that, pump as hard as they might, they
| were never able to find the bottom of
the ship?"
"It is absolutely untrue. The best
; reply I can make is to show you Cap
i tain Pedersen's own report of the voy
age. Writing from Ocog, on March
7th. 1896, h<- Bays— copy it yourself from
the letter."
This is what Captain Pederson, whose
! opinion of the ship has changed during
two years, then wrote:
"In regard to the vessel and the pas
! sagp. Shall mention a few words.
First, leaving San Francisco the bar
was bad, and at the same time a strong
westerly wind blowing. The vessel
: plunged in heavily and made watet
freely, but I considered that she was
dried up. She got better after a few
(lays, and in calm and smooth sea she
makes very little water. But in heavy
seas and breeze she makes quite a lot."
"You will see from that letter," con
j tinued Mr. Wightman, "that Captain
i Pedersen must very frequently have
i had a chance to observe the bottom of
his ship if he had wanted to. During
i the whole time I was running her tr»
imy ptation at But;iritari, in the Gll
i berts. between lSy"« and 1896, sho
brought up many cargoes of copra. am>
:in no case was the lading damaged. II
I had not given up my business in the
; islands, the vessel would probably be
j running there still.
"It i? also a mistake to say that Cap
tain Luttrell left the vessel because h»
was afraid she would founder. Cap
tain Luttrell gave up the sea on ac«
count of his health, and bought a shars
in the J. F. Cunningham Company.
The best proof I can give of the confi
dence felt in the ship by her officers
was that Captain Murehison, who haQ
sailed in her as mate for several voy
ages, willingly took command of her
when Luttrell left.
"If there was anything wrong with
the ship it was certainly not my fault.
A short time ago Captain Turner sur
veyed her for me, and reported thnt,
considering her age, the vessel was in
wonderful condition and that there wes
no tien of rot in her timbers. Then
Messrs. Wright & Hay stated that she
could he put in condition for th 3 lum
ber trude at a cost of $1000, or for any
trade at an expense of $3000.
"As a matter of fact, we spent about
the h tter sum fitting her for sea. The
repairs were carried out by George
Eundel, who had orders to make a
thorough job of it, and my share of the
bill for repairs alone came to $800.
' Feyond paying, as one-third cvvnor,
for rhe repairs, I had nothing f o rlowith
the voyage. When Mohns and Kalten
bach and Captain Hogan bought .he
or her two-thirds of the ship I had no
ijp;i what trade they were going to put
her in.
"It is quite true that I did not irsure
the shir, but then I have never insured
h^r. All th>> time she was running in
t!io i.'land trade I took the risk my.-self.
Why, \ f I had paid premiums on the
v.^ssel from the beginning, to *vnofn
vvuuld she have belonged? Not to me,
but to the underwriters. The com
panies are asking absurdly high
pr.-.moms for the northern tra-le. The
b< earner Humboldt has paJd at the rate
of 30 per cent per annum, and for the
Helen W. Almy they asked 10 per cent
for tr.t voyage. That would be equal
to about 40 per cent per annum. 1^ w
ever, as the captain wanted his share
of the vessel insured, I got it don? for
hini in a foreign office at the rate i>f i'O
per cent per annum."
MUSIC AND DEAMA.
Midweek Notes of Plays, Players,
Music and Musicians.
The soloist at to-day's symphony con
cert in the Tivoll is Ernest Lent, the
'cellest, who will play Saint-Saens' A
minor concerto fur violoncello and con
duct the orchestra in a work of his own,
"Rh&psodie Krotique." Scheel will play
Schumann's "Julius Caesar" overture,
Brahms second symphony (the D major)
and the "M.-ister Singer" vorspiel.
On Monday night at the Baldwin "The
Mysterious Mr. Bugle" will give way to
a triple hill consisting of "The Cub and
the Cherub," "A Gay Deceiver" and
Anna Held.
"1492" rlays only this week at the
Columbia, James J. Corbett following in
"A Naval Cadet."
At the Tivoll Thomas Leary has made
quite a popular hit in the title part of
"The Widow O'lirien," which continues
indefinitely.
Seats for the F. Marion Crawford lec
tures to be eiven in the California on
next Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
evenings, will be on sale Saturday at the
box oflice of that theater.
"The Girl T'p to Date" a,t the Alcazar
and "The Upper Hand" at Morosco's are
for this week only. The Orpheum prom
ises an immense bill for the new week.
The Chutes, with Chlquita and the Zoo,
is still the children's friend.
APPOINTED BY
GENERAL SHAFTER
Lieutenant W. S. McNair Ord
nance Officer at the Pre-
sidio.
Progress of the Army Reorganiza
tion Bill Affords Satisfac
tion.
General 'William R. Shafter, command
ing the Department of California, as
signed Lieutenant W. S. McNair. Battery
G, Third Artillery, to the position of ord
nance officer of the Presidio and Fort Ba
ker yesterday. The appointment is made
to fill the vacancy caused by the assign
ment of Lieutenant Charles T. Menoher
to the Sixth Artillery, Fort McHenry,
Maryland.
Lieutenant McNair, the newly appointed
ordnance officer, graduated from West
Point Military Academy in I&S6, and from
the Fort Monroe Artillery School in 1898.
Sinn- the arrival of the Third Artillery
at this station. Lieutenant McNair has
been concerned in the mounting of the
high-power guns and the care of the mag
azines at Fort Point, lie is well versed
in the duties pertaining to the position
which he is called to occupy
It is generally understood in army cir
cles that Lieutenant Menoher. the for
i ■!• ■:• ordnance officer, will be appointed
adjutant of the new Sixth Artillery Regi
ment. Colonel E, B. Williston, who was
rec< ntly promoted to command the Sixth.
entertains a high regard for Lieutenant
Menoher, bence it is highly probable that
one <>f the lirst requests made by the col
onel on his arrival at headquarters In
"Washington, D. C, was that the young
officer should be assigned to duty with the
Sixth.
me dispatches from "Washington an
nouncing fnvorable consideration of the
bill to reorganize the army are read with
absorbing Interest by officers of the in
fantry arm of the service. For many
years Congress has been urged to intro
duce the three-battalion plan, but for on*
reason or another the subject was laid
over from one session to another until the
army began to fear that the desired
change would not come during the pres
ent century.
p r pe_.One month's treatment "Our New
Method lure." Weak Men cured to stay cured.
Dr. Gordin, 514 Ptne street, Am Fnir.clsco.
Fined for Cruelty.
Mrs. Eva Befcgflehole, trip miUinor from
Rpno, Ncv., who was convicted by Judge
Joachimsen of cruelty to Flossie Beaver,
a little girl whom she adopted, was yes
terday sentenced to pay a fine "f $20, with
the alternative of twenty days In the
County Jiiil. '■ '■"■ fine was paid.
AD VERTISEMEI" TS.
Annual Salos 000,000 Boxes
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on tho Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
tArbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
§ Impaired ' Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent .Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Druj? Stores.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
__^ 1004 Market St.,
\ W AA«k If ft ■«» A 1 I
$ near Powell.
Telephone, South 4SO,
; — ; ; ; tr. —^r~~.
MiiniiiiiiHiH
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcera B
In Mouth, Hair-Falling Wrlto COOK REM- ■
EDY CO.. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital ■
J500.000. Worst cases cured la 15 to 36 days. H
IOQ-pago book free. ' - J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. . . NEW . . .
SPRING GOODS
EXCEPTIONALLY LOW PIES!
We are daily uncasing heavy shipments OF tne
NEW SPRING STYLES AND NOVELTIES comprised
in our recent GIGANTIC CASH PURCHASES, and as
the result of the ENORMOUS DISCOUNTS secured
they are offered at figures that are exemplified in
TO-DArSjPECIAL ATTRACTIONS!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
"}[r_ 79 pieces 37-INCH FANCY MIXED SUITINGS, extra value for 40c, ©n
-<£DC sale at 25c a yard.
p?i~v_ 62 pieces 38-INCH MIXED COVERT SUITING, former price 65c a
JUC yard, on sale at SOc a yard.
>ye 34 pieces 52-INCH NOVELTY CHEVIOT SUITING, spring colorings.
/ DC value for $1 00 a yard, on sale at 75c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
r-z-k, 100 pieces BLACK DIAGONAL SERGE, full 45 inches wide, good
DJJC value at 63c, will be offered at SOc a yard.
C?/\_ 60 pieces BLACK FANCY ALPACAS, the very newest designs, worth
DUC 75c, will be offered at 50c yard.
Cf\ 7"> pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM SERGES AND DIAGONALS,
DUC full 47 in., good value at Ssc, will be offered at 60c yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
d C P0 pieces COLORED TAFFETA SILK, in changeable and plain shad-
OjC ings, nice crisp finish, will be placed on Fale at 65c a yard.
O- 1 120 pieces CHECKED. STRIPED AND PLATD SILKS, in all the
Zpl.UvJ very latest designs and colorings, will be placed on sale at $1 00 a
yard.
LADIES'IMTSjIND SKIRTS!
-. /v C LADIES 1 BLACK AND NAVY CLOTH SUITS, fly-front jackets,
jK/l+.yD lined with Roman stripes, skirt lined and velvet bound, value for
$7 50, on special sale at $4 96.
cri TC INDIES' DRESS SKIRTS in black figured mohair and fancy col-
kbl.^D orcd suitings, lined and velvet bound, value for $1 75, on special
sale at $1 25.
{flf Murphy Building-. 0 [flf Murphy Building:, M
Mariet anfl Jones Streets. Market anl Jones Streets.
— _
AMUSEMENTS.
fMCIAIiDLfi COITIOB aCB itssus 4«juu«j»
LAST 3 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Comedy, THE
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
An Efficient Cast Headed by JOSEPH HOL-
LAND.
EXTRA. •■
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT,
SEASON'S • Greatest Faroe .1 the Age.
«A L a A GAY DECEIVER!
EVENT! Introducing Beautiful
ANNA HELD,
L'Etoile de Paris and Chinese : American
tragedy "THE CAT AND THE CHERUB.
Seats Now Ready.
SPECIAL-
SUNDAY EVENING. MARCH 27.
FAREWELL POPULAR CONCERT.
Given by
MARTEAU, LACHAUME
and a Grand Orchestra.
Conductors— Marteau and Lachaume.
Prices— soc. 73c, $1 and $1 50.
Seats Now Ready^
f£o£iim&ici cJfiZalrc
vdfRIEDUNDIHv dfRlEDUNDlH GOTUOB&C»U*MI*»««M»Ki
THIS WEEK ONLY.
The Big Spectacular Production,
RICE'S "1492
A Brilliant Array of Talent.
Clever Comedians— Pretty Girls.
EXTRA-
NEXT MONDAY.
JAmES J. COROETT,
In the Successful Comedy Drama, v-
f\ NAVAL CADET.
Sale of seats opens this morning.
<. "lARLES T. ELLIS and COMPANY in the
one-act comedy, "Mrs. Hogan's Music Teach-
er": McCALE & McDANIELS, knockabout
Irish comedy: MASTER WADE COCHRANE.
mental wonder; CARL DAMMON TROUPE,
greatest acrobats: last week of BURKE &
FORREST, ATHAS & COLLINS. RT'DINOFF.
JOSEPHINE SABEL and the JOSE QUIN-
TETTE.
Reserved seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mus. Ernestine Kuklixo. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING!
A LAUGHING SUCCESS! .
The Most Amusing of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
Superb Cast! Bright Burlesques'. Up- to-
Medleys! Entrancing Specialties!: .
"The Heart of Maryland" Travesty upon "II
Trovatore." .>.._./,
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
MIRTH, MUSIC, MERRIMENT.
Popular Prices 25c and 60c
No Telephone Orders Received. ,
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Musical Director.
NINTH CONCERT — Tlvoll Opera House,
THIS (THURSDAY) AFTERNOON.
March 24. •at -3:15. Programme: Overture.
"Julius Caesar" (Schumann); violoncello con-
certo, A minor. Op. 33 # Saens), Mr. Er-
nest Lent; symphony No. 2. DTnajor (Brahms);
Rhapsodic Erotique (Ernest ■ Lent), i string or-
chestra, horn and harp, under the : direction
of the composer; vorspiel, "Die Melstersinger"
(Wagner). •, • . - •
Prices, Including reserved seat, $1 50, $1 and
75c. Sale of seats at the Tlvoll. ■ ;
THE GREATEST FUN IN THE CITY
IS TO BE HAD AT THE
ZOO - - -
■ . ' . ..-■ 1 'IN THE ' CHUTES. • V
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
See Captain Cardono's Group of Trained Lions
—The Most Thrilling Animal Act Extant! 1
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a, m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc. ; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons o-rw' «»«i>in«.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERaSseT
j Walter Morocco Sole Lessee and Manager
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT, MARCH 21ST.
Grand Reproduction of Oliver Byron's
Great Play,
THE UPPER HAND.
Special Engagement of
Frederick: tjader
ECCENTRIC COMEDIAN.
And
L/\ PETITE LUND,
The Infant Prodigy, in her Brilliant Specialties.
New Scenic and Mechanical Effects.
Evening Prices 10c, 25c and 500
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
at r> A7ivn seats by
ALCAZAR. Beat phBX c
-tr^M-^-Ky-r-%.M^I-^.M.\» MAIN 254.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 1
Come Prepared to Laugh. - . J
UNCLE DUDLEY
— OR—
THE GIRL UP TO DATE !
Specialties by LITTLE VENIE and LILLIAN
LESLIE. .
Monday night, "The Mummy." Prices, 150,
25c, 3:.c. 50c. __^
. , i
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FRIDAY EVENING. March- 25. and SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON. March 26.
TWO FAREWELL RECITALS.
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST.
MARTEAU!
Accompanied by • >
LACHAUME,
PIANIST.
Special! - Request Programme Saturday
Send preferences to Henri Marteau, Hotel
Savoy Reserved Seats, 50c. 75c, $1. $1 50. Now
on sale at the San Francisco music store, 225
Sutter street. i ' • , .
C\l VMDIi Corner of Mtson and
ULYMFIA — Eddy Sife9t ,
America's most beautiful -sic hall. Great-
est free bill In the vorld. The 3 ALBIONS.
Krotesque comedians; ZANFRELLA &
WALSH, porch artists; ADAMS SISTERS.
i balladists; MONTALAIS. soubrette; ARNEL-
DO and ten others. House heated. Admission
free. ■■
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track.)
Racing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, April 2, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine. ;
First Race at 2 P. M.
3 P. R. R. TRAINS 12:45 and 1:15 P. M.
DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning Immediately after th«
raCe9 ' ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny and Mission street cars every three
minutes, direct to track without change. Fill-
more-street cars transfer each way.
\ S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. - • s
SPECIAL EXCURSION TO SAN JOSE
AND THE SANTACLARA VALLEY.
■Natural carnival of buds and blossoms. On
SATURDAY. March 26, at 8:30 a. m., a spe-
cial train will leave the Southern Pacific depot,
at Fourth and Townsend streets, for San Jose,
I return Saturday night or on any Sunday train.
I One-half fare for the round trip. Come and
I see the. beautiful Santa Clara Valley when its
! great fruit orchards are In bloom. Roads and
I drives lined with great natural bouquets of
unrivaled beauty and fragrance. Carriages
will meet the train and excursions to the Wil-
lows, Campbells, Los Gatos, Saratoga. Alum
Rock. Berryessa and other points or Interest
arranged. Valley of orchard trees at height
of bloom.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
noo AIAKKET ST., . OPP. pajuac «j
000 HoteL Telephone 670. Residence IN!
I Valencia ■trett. Telephone. "Church" lib
■ ; ' ' . . . ■■'.''"' ' " ".."■■ •■ ■ . ' *' '
910
PUBLIC METERS
SEALED BY THE
MAYOR'S ORDER
What an Inspection of the
City Hall Basement
Disclosed.
Supervisors Prepared to Again
Choke Off Competition for
Lighting Public Buildings.
Oh! the meter, the wonderful metpr.
Bailing around Jiko a feather-brained pkpeter.
Registering watta that never wore burned.
Running up bills till to rtone one is turned.
The current it measures could not be fleeter:
ea all records does this same Thomas
meter.
But it does its best work in the dark.
Take such a place as the gloomy base
ment of the City Hall, for instance,
where there is little likelihood of its
being interfered with, and it settles
down to business with a vim that fair
ly astonishes its most ardent admirer.
That person is the man who owns a
block of stock in the electric light com
pany.
There was consternation in the office
of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company yesterday when the officials
opened The Call and learned that the
meters that record the amount of elec
tricity consumed by the city— or rather
that record the amount the city has to
pay for— had been tested at Mayor
Phelan's instance. Steps had been ta
ken to gniard against such a proceed
ing, which was the last thing in ' the
world the company wanted.
From the location of the fourteen me
ters in the City Hall basement it would
seem that especial care had been ta
ken to put them as far away from
prying eyes as possible. There may be
some good reason for scattering them
about in nine or ten groups, instead of
Ing them altogether, but if so it
does not show on its face. At any rate it
was not necessary to hide them away
in the most inaccessible recesses of the
sub-basement, where the engine and
boilers are, instead of in the regular
basement.
A Call reporter, accompanied by an
artist, made a tour of the lower base
ment yesterday in search of meters
and found them secreted singly
and in pairs at various points
throughout the long subterranean
passages that honeycomb the earth
underneath the big building. On
the sides fronting on Larkin and Mc-
Allister streets and City Hall avenue
they were placed in the most out-of
the-way nooks to be found, and one
would never be able to discover them
•were it not for the rough board bar
riers built around most of them to pre
vent access to any but employes of the
compa-ny. The door to each of these
barricades -was fastened with a heavy
padlock and chain, which the Mayor's
experts had to force in order to make
their tests.
The barriers are alike in appearance,
and two of those on the McAllister
street side that were sketched by the
artist answer for all. It was noticed
that the chains and locks had been re
stored and were doing service again,
but away down under the dome on the
City Hall avenue side, in a place that
can only be reached by crawling on the
hands and knees for several hundred
feet, there is one meter that the com
pany evidently did not think it worth
while to barricade, it being so inacces
sible that there was hardly one chance
in a hundred of it being found even if
searched for. On the metal case cov
ering this meter was a typewritten no
tice signed by Mayor Phelan, giving
warning not to open it without permis
sion of the Mayor. This notice was
posted in such a manner that the case
could not be removed without mutilat
ing the paper, and is undoubtedly in
tended to prevent the company from
tampering with the meter pending the
Mayor's investigation. It is fair to pre
sume that the other thirteen meters are
sealed in the same manner.
Mayor Phelan was not disposed to
talk about the investigate ' he has be
gun, saying he was not ready to dis
close all that had been done, and would
not be until another test had been
made jointly by experts from the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company
and his own experts. That the com
pany's officials are greatly worked up
over the expose in The Call was evi
denced by a remark made by ".he
Mayor that President Crockett had a
short time before called him up by
telephone to ask about his investiga
tion.
Regarding the letting of the con
tract for lighting public buildings for
the next two years, Mayor Phelan was
willing to discuss freely, and he showed
a determination to give competing
companies an opportunity to bid, if
they so desire.
The Mayor expressed surprise that
the Supervisors had refused to grant
the Mutual Company the same privi
leges enjoyed by the San Francisco
people in the matter of erecting poles
and running wires. He said the mat
ter had not been brought to his atten
tion, and the action of the board was
slipped through without being noticed.
He was of the opinion that the proper
course for the Mutual Company to
pursue would be to mandamus the
board to compel it to grant the privi
lege asked for. •
The fears of the Mutual Company
that the Supervisors intend to adopt
the same tactics used by their prede
cessors two years ago, to shut off com
peting bids, are well grounded. Clerk \
Russell of the board stated yesterday
that he had prepared the proposal for*
bids, as he was instructed to do, ana
that the proposal is exactly the same j
as that of two years ago, including the :
joker referred to in The Call yesterday
morning and reading as follows:
»*Ho l»i«l -will he received or
entertained from parties who
estimate on any contingent
eyent, or who cannot comply
with or who are not prepared
or qualified to carry out the
terms and conditions herein
imposed.*'
The proposal is now in the hands of
the chairman of the Street Commit
tee, and, unless amended, there seems
little chance of any opposition com
pany being in a position to meet its re
quirements.
Vice-President Summerhayes of the
Mutual Company said that if his com
pany were given permission now to
erect the necessary poles and wires it
would be in complete readiness to en
ter upon the fulfillment of the contract
by May 1. provided it was the lowest
bidder. The company has now ample
facilities for supplying all the elec
tricity required.
Mr. Summerhayes reiterated the as
sertion made in his communication to
Mayor Phelan. that his company guar
anteed to save the city $40,000 a year
on the present cost of lighting if
awarded the contract.
EPWORTH LEAGUE.
Outline of the Work of the Conven
tion — Executive Completes
Arrangements.
The executive committee of the Ep
worth LeagTje have so far completed ar
rangements for holding the great Con
ference Epworth League Convention in
Barricaded Meters in the City Kail
Basement.
this city, April 21 to 24. inclusive, as to
give an intelligent outline of what will
take place. While the programme has
not yet been fully completed, the commit
tee has authorized the publication of the
following:
Thursday evening— A grand concert of
300 voices at Metropolitan Temple. Friday
morning — Opening praTse service; features
of this year's work in our leagues; "Spir-
itual Department": (a) Selection and
adaptation of Topics; (b) preparation for :
leading a meeting; (c) harmonizing with ,
and helping the other church services; (d)
the league and revivals. Sectional confer
ences in separate rooms: (1) Literary de
partment; Bible study; grand Junior rally;
praise and prayer service; "Our Civic Re
sponsibility": (a) what constitutes a good
citizen; (b) municipal problems and our •
young people. (2) Pen and press. (3) Fi
nancial: Funds for league use. (4) Junior
work.
Friday afternoon — Song service; "The
League and Missions": (a) missionary
situation and its lessons to the league;
(b) missionary information and interest —
methods. "Sabbath": (a) relation to the
Christian experience and evangelism; (b)
practical measures for conserving.
Saturday mom ing— Song service and
testimony; "Our Intermediates— Place,
Possibilities, Perils"; "The Juniors and
the Church": "Some Difficulties and Some
Dangers of Our Leagues"; "Mercy and
Help— Spirit and Methods"; "The Social
Department"; separate meetings of dis
tricts, election, 'business, etc.
Saturday afternoon— Sight-seeing, under
the guidance of committee.
Saturday evening— Praise sen-ice; "In
tellectual Life of the Leaguers": "Spirit
ual Life of the Leaguers"; consecration
service.
Sunday morning— Sunrise prayer-meet
ing; public services, preaching in the
churches ; Sunday-schools in general.
Sunday evening— Epworth League de
votiona.l meetings; preaching service, by
.special arrangements; closing service at
the Metropolitan Temple: (a) Grand
service of song; (b) address, "Christ for
the World and the World for Christ"; (c)
"The Best Things in Experience and in
Work" (personal testimony and sugges
tion from members of the convention,
called by districts): (d) consecration and
closing.
To Survey the Line.
Manuel Ame%quita. and Claudio Urrito,
civil engineers, who are in the service of
the Guatemalan Government and en
route to Mexico to establish the new
boundary line between Mexico and Gua
temala, are registered at the Occidental.
These two engineers will finally adjust
the lonpr-standing controversy that has
engendered much bitter feeling between
Mexico and Guatemala. The latter coun
try has made a concession of about 17. 'hm
square miles. The land is mostly barren
and not valuable. Mexico will make her
greatest gains in the northeast, while
Guatemala's new line will extend along
the Pacillc Coast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^L, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
JOCKEYS
STILL UNDER
A CLOUD
Indefinite Suspension
of Spencer, Jones
and Johnson.
Eddie Jones Denied All
Charges Preferred
Against Him.
Ex-Owner Johnson Peached
Upon by an Eastern
Bookmaker.
SPENCER HAS NO HEARING
As Usual the Wily Layer of Odds
Escapes — Spicy Developments
Expected.
The charge of fraud preferred against
Jockeys Eddie Jones and Spencer and
ex-Owner Ollie Johnson came up for
an airing last evening before the stew
ards of the California Jockey Club. The
gentlemen comprising the board were:
Thomas H. Williams Jr., J. W. Brooks,
John J. Carter and Joseph A. Murphy.
After calling upon a score fo book
makers, owners and employes of the
race course, the case against the sus
pended riders looked so dark that they
stand virtually ruled off the turf, for
their suspension was made indefinite.
Both Johnson and Jones were of
fered immunity from punishment if
they would reveal the names of the
person or persons with whom it is
charged they have been doing business,
but both declared themselves innocent
of complicity in any jobbery. Spencer,
though present, was not called upon.
Among the turfmen called before the
meeting and asked to give any infor
mation that would tend to purify the
game were: Hugh Jones, John Cole
man, Billy Beverly, Jim Davis, Jimmy
Coffey, Ab Stemler, Barney Schreiber,
Billy Magrane, Sam Hildreth, William
Fitch, EL Hoffman, Don Cameron and
Tom Boyle.
With one exception, that of an East
ern bookmaker, nothing of any great
importance was gleaned. This one
penciler stated that last December Ol
lie Johnson approached him with a
proposition to "lay up against" the
horse Satsuma, to be ridden in a race
by Jones. He declined the offer.
Cnffey, the horse's trainer, was told
previous to the race that he was not
going to get a ride, and so informed
the Judges. Jones was warned, and
Satsuma won the race. The stewards
also said they were in receipt of sev
eral letters which did not tend to help
the cases against the accused riders
and Johnson.
The running of the fast two-year-old
Lobos was also investigated, and from
present indications the stewards statea
that Trainer H. M. Mason, now under
suspension, will probably be ruled off
the turf.
Positive evidence was at hand show
ing that the horse was not "meant" In
his first two races, but was simply
started to get weight off, preparatory
to the grand watermelon party. A tell
tale letter from Chicago Incriminates
Trainer Mason.
William Brown, who with "Sandy"
McNaughton was w T arned off the track
some days ago, was reinstated.
WOMEN HURLED
FROM A STAGE
Seriously Injured in a Run
away Accident at
Santa Rosa.
One of the Victims Not Expected to
Live Throughout the
Night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 23.— As the stage
from Dr. Burkes sanitarium at Altruria
was standing at the Southern Pacific de
pot this afternoon, and as the driver was
looking after some baggage, the horsea
took fright and started In a mad run
toward, the business portion of the city.
Seated in the vehicle were three women,
all of whom were thrown out at the cor
ner of North street and College avenue by
the capsizing of the stage.
Mrs. Ray, a trained nurse at the sani
tarium, was badly bruised about the head
and chest, and was hurt internally. It is
supposed she will not live until morning.
Mi»s Ida Kelshaw, a kindergarten teacher
of Paso Robles, was badly bruised about
the head, and her arms and spine were
injured, though it is not yet known how
seriously. Mrs. L. R. Tull, wife of a Napa
merchant, was bruised about the head
and chest, but was not so badly injured as
either of the others.
Mrs. Kay and Miss Kelshaw were taken
to the Grand Hotel and Mrs. Tull to the
lioniH of Mrs. Thompson, on King street.
Physicians were hurriedly summoned.
Dr. Burke at the sanitarium came to this
city, bringing two trained nurses to at
tend to the wants of the injured women,
and their relatives were communicated
with. Late to-night the condition of Mrs.
Ray was very serious. The others were
getting along well.
SUICIDE OF A MINEB.
Found With an Empty Laudanum
Bottle by His Side.
JAMESTOWN, March 23.— The body
of Richard Rogers was found yesterday
morning in a room In the Home Lodging
House at Stent. The man had been
dead for at least twenty-four hours,
and an empty two-ounce bottle of lau
danum was evidence of suicide.
Rogers was a native of Virginia, a
miner, and about 50 years old. For
some years he had been timber fore
man for the Santa Ysabel mine and
was considered a fine workman. He
had' been on a spree lasting two or
three days. On Monday afternoon he
purchased the laudanum and disap
peared from the streets. A Coroner's
jury brought in a verdict of suicide.
The man was unmarried.
Leigh Has Purchased Plaudit.
LOUISVILLE, March 23.— Eugene Leigh
is said to have purchased Plaudit, the
favorite in the Kentucky Derby, fqr $20,
000. He is believed to have acted for an
Eastern turfman. Phil Dwyer being men
tioned as the real purchaser.
SHARKEY'S
BIG BLUFF
Wants to Fight Jeffries
Outside of Civili
zation.
But the Orange Grove Pugilist
Says There Is No Need
for Carson.
Members of the Olympics Club
Object to Professional
Fisticuff*.
In all places where sporting men
congregate to discuss any important
event that pertains to sport, the con
sensus of opinion was that the Olym
pic Club made a grievous mistake in
matching Jeffries to fight Peter Jack
son — a man who proved beyond argu
ment on Tuesday evening that he was
a wreck physically.
Even members of the club, who take
a delight and pleasure in knowing that
the great amateur athletic organization
of the West is in a prosperous condi
tion financially, were disgusted with
the very unsatisfactory result of the
one-sided prizefight.
One prominent member said that if
the club could not exist unless it ca
ters to professional prize fighting so
as to clear its skirts from debt, the
sooner it closes its doors the better it
will be for amateur sport in general
and the welfare of an organization
that has so proudly conducted in a true
spirit for many years such pastimes as
are supported solely by gentlemen
sportsmen. The club will realize some
thing like $2500 from the Jackson and
Jeffries fight, but what would this re
spectable addition to its treasury
amount to if Jackson should happen
to have been carried out of the ring
on Tuesday evening a dead man?
The death blow would be severe to
this "grand athletic" institution, which
apparently is lacking so far as the
management of Its athletic affairs is
concerned.
Should the club attempt to arrange
for another professional fight it is
hoped that the sporting public and its
members will at least be informed cor
rectly of the physical condition of the
contestants before they enter the ring.
Jackson is much depressed over his
defeat. True, he has been a great pu
gilist, but it is some years since the
defeated colored champion was in any
thing like tolerable condition to engage
in a contest which demands of a con
testant to be physically sound.
Jackson has been on the retrograd©
for the past six years and to-day he is
a hopeless physical wreck.
Jeffries cannot crow very loud over
the success he achieved on Tuesday
evening. He met a worn-out champion,
who fell after receiving the first good
blow and was afterward in a dazed
condition until the humane referee or
dered the contest stopped.
But the big representative of the
Orange Groves gave sufficient proof!
while engaged in actual warfare that
he is a most promising candidate for
championship honors and possibly a
contest between Jeffries and Sharkey
may be the next feature in fisticuffs
that will be witnessed in this city.
Sharkey does not seem at all anxious
to meet the now champion of England
and the Australias. He is adopting the
actor-pugilist plan of avoiding a con
flict by stating that he will fight Jef
fries for $10,000 a side, and that the
fight must be to a finish.
Sharkey is well aware of the fact
that he cannot arrange for a finish
fight with any person, excepting in
Carson, and he is also well aware that
a finish fight in Carson would not at
tract a corporal's guard from this city.
He must be also of the opinion that a
contest between himself and Jeffries
would not last ten rounds: therefore,
the talk of finish fight is simply ab
surd.
Billy Dplaney, who is manager for
Jeffries, has said that nothing would
give him greater pleasure than to see
Jim Jeffries put Sharkey to sleep in
two rounds or less and that Jeffries
was ready to sign articles with
Sharkey to fight under the auspices of
any club on this coast and under any
kind of old rules for the best induce
ments that can be got and the winner
to take all.
Delaney stated further th-°t h« '■■■.?
willing that the club select the referee
or that the referee be selected by die
sporting reporters of the daily papers.
Jim Carr, the manager of Mexican
Pete, said last evening that he was
ready to match Mexican Pete against
any middle or heavy weight pugilist on
the coast, bar none.
Jeffries received something over $4000
as his share of the proceeds of the
fight and Jackson pocketed $1800, which
Is a good Phnrt end for a man of his
present standing.
STRUCK BY A CAR.
William Emerson Severely Bruised
on Sacramento Street Early
Last Evening.
William Emerson, who resides in the
Federal House. 1205 Stockton street, was
thrown from his wagon and struck by
car 517 of the Sacramento-street line last
evening, and was removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital to be treated for abrasions
of the hip and thlgn, and possibly in
ternal injuries.
According to the story told by the in
jured man, he was driving along Sacra
mento street, near Waverly place, and
was about to turn out for a car coming
down the hill when one of the mules he
was driving slipped and fell, and the car
crashed into him, throwing him to the
sidewalk, causing the injuries for which
he was treated. The injured man is em
ployed by Gray Bros., concrete manufac
turers.
MATHEWS WIIX EXHIBIT.
Hopkins' Art Institute Will Show
That Artist's Pictures
Next Week.
On Monday next the second artists' ex
hibition at Hopkins' Art Institute will be
inaugurated by the exhibition of the
works of the last ten years of Arthur F.
Mathews. There will be many pictures
that he has exhibited in the Paris Salon
of 1898 and other exhibitions, including
pastels, oils, drawings and'sturllen. On
this evening there will be a reception for
members and Invited guests only.
The exhibition will close on April 2 and
many visitors are expected, as Mr. Math
ews i.^ one of the finest of the local
artists.
Not Guilty as Charged.
Richard Cre4ghton, who was tried be
fore Judge Low and a jury yesterday for
violating the law by selline pools, was
acquitted last evening after the jury had
been out six minutes. It was stated that
an acquittal was given from the fact that
the prosecution failed to prove that the
defendant was the custodian of the prem
ises at 24 Ellis street.
DIED.
M'HUGH— At the residence of her son, 15 Rln
con place. March 23, ISSB, Margaret McHugh,
beloved mother of John McHugh, Frances
Rlelly, Mrs. John Farnnan and Mrs. Ellen
Qulnn, a native of Parish of Kilidallen,
County Cavan, Ireland, aged SO years.
A PRIEST AS A CONDUCTOR.
- Rev. Father James Flood has been called upon to perform some very
unusual duties during his career but yesterday was his first experience as
a streetcar conductor, and the remarkable sight of a dignified priest pulling
the bell-strap of a cable car was presented to people on Hayes street.
Father Flood Is pastor of Sacred Heart Church and boarded a Hayes
street car during the afternoon to go to his residence, 550 Fillmore street.
At the corner of Laguna street the car stopped to enable Mrs. T. G. Saw
kins, living at 109 Van Ness avenue, to get on board. As the lady swung
partly onto the step a broken strand of the cable caught the grip and
started the car at full speed, dragging Mrs. Sawkins fully forty feet along
the cobbles, and finally dashed her Into the roadway. Several persons who
witnessed the accident carried the lady to the Hayes Valley Pharmacy,
where her injuries were dressed.
Meanwhile the car sped on, the efforts of the gripman to release it
from the broken strand proving unavailing. The conductor was greatly
worried over the condition of Mrs. Sawkins. and Father Flood offered to
take charge of the car as far as the power-house while the conductor re
turned to look after the lady. Passengers were carried beyond their des
tinations and the temporary conductor made no attempt to collect fares,
but devoted his attention to quieting the fears of the other occupants of
the car.
On reaching the top of the hill at Devisadero street the car succeed e<
In speeding ahead of the broken strand on the down grade and the power
house was reached In safety. The employes were notified and the cable stopped
while the break was repaired. Father Flood received the thanks of his
fellow-passengers for his pluck, and resigning his nosition as conductor
started for his residence.
Mrs. Sawkins sustained a badly sprained wrist and a number of bruises,
but was soon able to proceed to her home. It was suggested to the con
ductor that he procure a carriage to send her home in, but he said he
had no authority to do so, as the Market-street Company made no provis
ion for such emergencies.
» i A A^A^^a.a-^-1-^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^^^AAAAAA A
ATTORNEYS GET
IN DIFFICULTIES
A. M. Holliclay and George
Hayford in the City
Prison.
Charged With Obtaining Money Un
der False Pretenses and
Petty Larceny.
Attorney A. M. Holliday was arrested
last evening and charged at the City
Prison with obtaining money under falsa
pretenses by Dillon and Crockett at the
Instigation of N. J. Bailey, the complain
ing witness.
It is alleged that Holliday has taken
over $1000 in fees in the estate of Mrs.
Fredricka Getz in contravention of the
orders of the clients, but the arrested at
torney states that Mrs. Getz, who lived in
England, had employed him to attend to
a probate matter, and that after her
death, but a few months ago, he had de
sired that Bailey be substituted as a party
to the suit in the place of the deceased.
After considerable trouble Holliday was
asked to show certain papers in the suit,
which he declined to do, and on account
of this he blames his arrest, but states
that he will soon show to the satisfaction
of the court that he is innocent in the
matter.
Attorney George Hayford was arrested
by Sergeant Duncan for petty larceny.
The complaining witness is E. H. Baxter
of the No Percentage Pharmacy, 949 Mar
ket street, who alleges that Hayford carao
into his place of business and wrote out
a check for payment of articles purchased
and that when the change had been given
and the check presented for payment it
was discovered that forty-five cents was
the amount of Hayford's riches. The ar
rested man has been in trouble on previ
ous occasions.
GOT MONEY WRONGFULLY.
W. A. Sheppard Convicted by a Jury
and Will Be Sentenced To-day.
W. A. Sheppard. who Is proprietor of a
clerks' exchange with offices at 313 Bush
and 1023 Market streets, was convicted
last evening- by a jury In J.udg-e Camp
bell's court of having obtaJned money by
trickery and device. He will be sentenced
to-day.
Miss J. Conklin, who Is the complaining
witness, states that she had paid a fee
of $5 for the purpose of being appointed
matron of the Oakland office and that
contrary to agreement she did not receive
the appointment. Hence the suit and its
conclusion.
ARRESTED FOR BURGLARY.
James McDonahue and I. Donnelly
Caught by Detectives Ryan
and O'Dea.
James McDonahue and I. Donnelly were
! arrested last evening by Detectives Ryaji
! and ODea and charged with burglary at
] the City Prison. They were identified as
the guilty parties, but a third man seen
at the time of the robbery has not been
found.
The arrested men had stolen 1000 grain
i sacks and 500 pounds of rope, valued at
; $70, from the hay and grain establishment
| owned by Andrew Cassidy at 430 Tenth
| street. The police are still looking for the
I other man.
PUPILS ACCUSE
AN INSTRUCTOR
Charge Him With Having
Aided Certain Scholars In
Examinations.
San Joaquin County's Board of Edu
cation to Begin an Investi
gation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. March 23. — A serious
charge has been laid before County Su
perintendent of Schools Goodell concern
ing Principal Condit of the large school
in the Homestead District. The burden
of the charge is that he favored the
larger pupils by giving out in advance
of examinations the questions to be pro
pounded. The penalty provided by the
school law for such conduct is revocation
of the teacher's certificate and disbar
ment from further service in the public
schools of this State.
It was the regular county examination,
and it is asserted that if the charges are
true the offense must have grown out
of a desire on the part of the principal
to give his pupils the requisite standing
for entry to the High School. Three
young ladies who have been attending
the school laid the charge before the
County Board at its last meeting and the
affair has been formally placed before
the board to be sifted to the bottom.
The Homestead people are much di
vided as to the guilt or Innocence of Pro
fessor Condit, who sa.ys ln^iis own de
fense:
"I did nothing of the kind. I am not
in that kind of business. It would not be
right. I have taught school too long for
that, and have taught where there were
no county superintendents." which would
seem to indicate friction with the Super
intendent.
WORK UPON THE
NEW POSTOFFICE.
The Treasury Department Will Ad
vertise for Bids for Contracts
Shortly.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— Representa-
Loud called at the Treasury' Department
to-day and had an interview with the As
sistant Secretary, Supervising Architect
Taylor and Chief Executive Officer Kem
per concerning work on the new Postofflce
them he was anxious the work should be
building at San Francisco. Mr. Loud told
gin on the superstructure this summer or
early in the fall. He was assured by the
treasury officials that advertisement for
bids for this work would be issued be
tween May 15 and June 1 next.
FIRST GUN
FOR BETTER
HIGHWAYS
San Mateo Campaign
Opened in Red
wood City.
State Commissioners Ad
dress a Meeting of
Citizens.
Advance Arguments in Sup
port of a Proposed Bond
Issue.
WOULD MEAN A SAVINS.
Durable Roads and Bridges Could
Be Built and Paid lor in
Four Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, March 23.— The
opening gun in the campaign for good
roads in San Mateo County was fired
to-night at this place. On April 2 the
proposition to bond the county for $310,
000 to build a boulevard from the San
Mateo and San Francisco County line
through to the Santa Clara line will
be voted upon. Along with this propo
sition will be submitted that of further
bonding the county to erect a $50,000
courthouse and also one for refunding
the present county indebtedness of $40,
000. A series of meetings are to be held
throughout the county for the purpose
of placing the issues properly before
the voters, and to-night the- first of
these was held in Redwood City.
A large and enthusiastic crowd gath
ered in the Alhambra Theater to listen
to three members of the State Commis
sion of Highways, who addressed the
meeting. At 8 o'clock the meeting was
called to order by City Attorney A.
Kincaid. He introduced as the first
speaker John R. Price, who spoke at
length upon the bond issue. He show
ed conclusively that thousands of dol
lars were being spent annually for the
repair of roads, bridges and culverts
that might be saved to the county by
their proper construction.
He advocated the construction of
stone bridges and culverts in place of
wooden ones, the former lasting for
hundreds of years, while the latter were
a constant source of expense. He spoke
almost entirely from a financial point
of view, and as a plain business propo
sition showed that the bond issue
should carry.
Forty-nine cents on the hundred dol
lars every year are levied for road pur
poses. The speaker proposed that fif
teen cents of this amount be laid aside
for the paying of the interest and the
principal of this $310,000. This amount
would pay off both interest and princi
pal in the four years the bonds have to
run and leave a balance in the treas
ury of about $100,000.
Marsden Manson followed Mr. Price
with a talk illustrated with stereopti
con views of good roads in France,
Germany. Russia, Italy, the United
States, California and San Mateo Coun
ty. He confined his remarks princi
pally to a discussion of roads and high
ways from an engineer's standpoint.
W. L. Ashe, the third member of the
Highway Commission, gave a general
summing up of all that had been said
by the former speakers. Local speak
ers followed.
From this day until the day of the
election the commissioners will be
kept busy delivering addresses, and
from the present appearances the bond
Issue will be carried by a large vote.
THE ELKS.
The ladies' social which had been an
nounced for last Friday night by San
Francisco Lodge of the Protective Be
nevolent Order of Elks was on account
15th f A Cnt jf n season P° st P°ned until the
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING, RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7. .
Consultation— FREE.
\ <\<VAU OI7IDC h~ f « FREE:! To , demonstrate our Painless
v a.\|\tT < / **&i/d Methods we will devote One Hour • each day
\-*.«£V\Y. "\» N j, /««/ to FREE EXTRACTIONS— IO to 11 A. 11. Th»
\M» Ni\_V\ / _ /]/ **//^/ /^ Clinic is always ahead in Advanced Dental
- _ V*^\ »v iP£r?*il^&H!lb*. C-Viu.^. Science. No student employed.
«J*S« ' &%&hz&k — ' 5feHC For the next 30 days our prices will be:
' V" —9 WWi ttVVM <Z FULL, SET OF TEETH f0r............»4 50 ud
*-M; Tr/f'^'iVn 0^ GOLD CROWNS, 22k 3 50 up
■'i— -"t?%fc ■ '///£■#&< •". ' ' BRIDGE WORK, per tooth.. !350 ud
F °V^#%^^^* A Physician Always in Attendance, w
iS If 'If \% Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
_.___•. ■ * M FILLED-- lady attendant.
TEFTHfe^k M CROWNEB LAUY ATTENDANT.
ILL in > Bridsewoi* PHONE DAVIS 654. c
WITHOUT PAIN. DR. T. ;E. SXRONO.
Office Hours-9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundars 9 to 2 d. ni. 7-?"*
SUNSET LIMITED
FACED DISASTER
The Flyer Met With an
Accident Near Beal
ville.
Passengers Terror Stricken
Because of a Broken
Wheel.
A Report Suppressed Which Told of
m Narrow Escape From
Death.
Another example of the workings of
the railroad company's suppressing of
reports concerning train wrecks has come
to light through information given by a
passenger who arrived in this city last
Sunday morning on the Sunset Limited,
which had been delayed over an hour and
a half three miles east of Bealville, be
cause of a broken wheel on the sleeper
Alturas.
Reports of the damage to the train
were sent to Mr. Fillmore and but for tha
information given by the passenger the
facts would still be buried in the vaults
in the offices of the company.
According to reports the train as usual
was running at a Fillmore rate of speed
and when near Bealville the wheel on
the sleeper broke. The train went dash
ing on for some distance, dragging the
car along the ties. The large number of
passengers aboard nearly became un
manageable with fright and a panic in
the cars seemed inevitable as the train
went whistling and jolting along.
From those who were on the train it
was learned that as the crash came the
speed materially lessened owing to the
resistance of the sleeper Alturas, which
was dragging along the ties in a dis
abled condition. Within a moment or two
after the accident the engine Jumped tha
rails and was badly damaged. The pas
sengers were all transferred to an in
coming train and a relief engine was sent
to the scene of the wreck.
Mr. Fillmore was reticent when asked
concerning the matter and produced re
ports tending to show that no Injury was
done with the exception of a slightly in»
jured wheel and that th£ passengers
were orderly in their movements during 1
the cause for delay, but those who ex
perienced the rather exciting episode
state that it was a miracle that the en
tire train was not smashed into one un
recognizable mass.
The passengers aboard the damaged
train seemed thankful that the crash was
no more serious and that they escaped
with their lives or at any rate without
mangled limbs and bodies. None of the
f)assengers or crew was injured in the
east, but they think of what might have
happened and marvel at the narrow es-
cape.
Just for what reason the report was
kept secret is a matter of doubt, but it
is rumored that the car left its destina
tion without having been properly in
spected before being sent on its long,
hurried journey loaded with people who
traveled unconscious of an impending
danger and a fortunate ending to a
threatened accident.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
L F Lubhardt, Denver IJ B Peakes, 8 Cruz
Miss L Lubhardt. Den X E Tommerson. Mo
G E Goodman, Napa >\V J English, Chicago
Mrs G E Goodman, Cal Miss A Kyan, Chicago
W T Smith, Nevada F F Keeney &w, Butte
F Gillmore, London W J Carney, Butte
Mrs F GUlmore, Londn J P O'Donnell & w, Md
H H Kingsbury, Londn Mrs W M Pack. Chgo
G Pellissier, Paris J A Smith, Liverpool
C H O'Brien, Chicago J M Sherrard, High B
J H Bishop, Chicago J H Beckham & w. Mo
H H Pitcher, Livermre C Wooley & w. N T
M S Nlswander, U S Mrs A Wolford, N T '•
Belglc • L Wormser & w. NT'
W Moir. S Jose J F Farraher, Treka
P R Jarboe, S Mateo S C Eppensteln. Elgin
J J Crooks, S Rafael i Mrs J McKay. Pa
T T Lane, Nevada Miss McKay, Pa
H Harpers, Newark i Alice McKay, Pa
Mrs II Harpers. NewrkiEdna McKay, Pa
Mrs C Alberson, Kewk E 'Wenk, Guatemala
Miss Beattl, Md i A Wade & w, Alton
Miss B Beall. Md Mrs E P Wade, Alton
P H Bircley. Md Miss Wade. Alton
Mrs P H C Bircley, Md B Beach, S Diego , ,
Miss Bircley. Md Mrs C Armitage. N J < ft
G Bodenstein, Pa Miss E F Hltchlngs, \
C Boylan, Cal N T
Miss M Dickey, Cal R Hosbury & w. Ohio
Miss E Dickey, Cal E L Wilholt, Stktn
L A Curtis, Southport F D Shaw & w. Medfd
Mrs C A Evans, Pa Miss Krauth, Medford
Miss N S Evans, Pa Miss L M Curtis. Bost
Mrs A M Fletcher. Ind Miss F L Curtis. Bost
Miss F Fletcher, Ind F C Youngberg & w.
Miss M Fletcher, Ind Cal
O R Rosenberg, Pa T Flint Jr. S Juan
S Garrett, Cal B F Jones & v. N T
Miss S Garrett. Cal . Mrs Jones & m. N T
Miss E Garrett, Cal Mrs A Laughlin & m.
Miss M E Oliver. Pa NT
Mrs H C Starr, Cal Miss M Laughlln. N V
Miss L B Jayne. Cal Miss F Laughlln. N T
G W Stratton, Pa Mrs J O Home. N V
G E Ptratton. Pa Mrs E A Palmer. NT
J W Hall, Newark Miss Palmer, N V
T Coe, Newark 3 O Howard & w. 11l
Miss Cop. Newark - .TP Soper &w. Chgo
C J Aiken. Pa H Lindley, L Ang
Miss F L Alken, Pa F W Pa«e. Marysvllle
D C Aiken. Pa Mrs Hellman. Cal
Miss C B Aiken, Pa Mrs A J McKee, Cal
J H Reed Jr. Pa } S T Nishumlna. Japan
S C Miller. Pa I PA Adams, Stanford
C Fradgley, Nelson ' R E Stpele. Pescadero
BALDWIN HOTEL.
V Schiller, San Jose Mrs E Linden. Portld
G W Lane. Sacto Mrs A Moss. Portland
J Buckmister. Steut J E Bennett. Portlnd
T S Brown. Stockton I A G Rennels, Mich
<} E Hunter, Stockton ' Chas F Ellis. N V
R H Gross. Stockton Mrs Fills, Coneress
Mar^p.ret LpfTrek, Brln C A Mentry. Newhall
dT! TTpp. Los Ang I M Ijaecer, San L O
F N Boding. Newcast i L Hainrs. Los Alums
F W KemlinK.S Jose May Ellis. S Rafael
J S Cowen. Sacto | r>«n Edwards. S Rafl
A L Cowen. Sacto j M Connor, Calistoga
D E Glllllan. Sacto W M Doughty. Phlla
O R Anderson. Jose j Mrs W Doughty. Pa
TV F Parke, I»s Ang ■ J S Stewart. Chicago
E Kaufman. St Louis. Mrs J Stewart, Chlcgr
O C Bersback, Chicgo Miss Stewart, Chicgo
A PURIM BALL..
The Purim ball which had been an
nounced by the congregation Beth Men
achim Streisand for the 6th Inst. was
postponed until the 30th. on account of
the death of Charles Hess, one of the |
trustees of the congregation.
I.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Wednesday, March 23.
Br stmr Moana, Carey. Honolulu and Sydney.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS Arrived Mar 23— Stmr Arcata,
hence 20th. „
PORT TOWNSEXD- Arrived Mar 23— Schr
Comet from San Pedro.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, March 23.
Stmr State of California, Green. — hours
from Portland and Astoria; passengers and
merchandise to Goodall, Perkins & Co.DR. ROSENAU
PROTESTED
He Locked Horns With
Surveyor of the Port
Spear. ,
Refused to Allow Inspector
Shepman to Land From
the Belgic.
Collector Jackson Will Complain of
the Doctor to the Department
in Washington.
There must be something worth fight
: g about in the Quarantine Department,
for it seems to be in a chronic state of
war. There was war between Dr. Chal- '
mers, the State Quarantine Officer, and j
I t. Rosenau, the Federal Quarantine Of-
Now that Dr. Chalmers is away Dr.
Rosenau and Surveyor Spear have locked i
horns, while Dr. Chalmers' successor, Dr.
Hill, seems to be at peace with all the j
world, and he is not dead, either.
The Belgic was ordered iiHu quarantine
last Tuesday, and the cabin passengers
were allowed to land with their baggage;
but for some unaccountable reason, Dr.
Rosenau refused to allow Customs In
spector W. J. Shepman to land. Shepman
wu-s indignant that an exception s.iuuid
have been made in his case, and he or
dered the baggage which had been placed
on a tug to oe returned to the Belgic.
'i his summary action brought Dr. Kosen
au to terni», and he gruuymgly allowed
the inspector to land.
Surveyor Spear and Dr. Rosenau ap-
I ared before Collector Jackson yester
day morning and protested against Shep
course. The Collector also touk a
..and in the proceedings, and said some
warm things m the course of the exec
utive session.
Dr. Rosenau said to the Collector that
ho and the captain of the Belgic and in
spector Shepman were seated in the cabin.
"i understand you to say," remarked
the captain, "that all cabin passengers
may leave the vessel?"
"Only the cabin passengers," responded
the doctor.
Shepman spoke up: "Do I understand
that l am not to go ashore?"
"i said, "only tne tabm passengers,' "
remarked the doctor, with hauteur.
The doctor explained to Collector Jack
son that he uid not feel nettled wnen
Shepman, asked the question and that lie
hud not acted from pi-que, but that the
medical profession, not being an exact
science, there were many things connect
ed with it which the. professors did not
want the common people to know, ana
that, therefore, it was nut deemed advis
able to explain everything connected with
the empirical practice oi the art of heal-
ing.
The Collector was surprised to hear the
doctor use the word ■'empirical," but he
informed that gentleman that his duty as
Collector was to see that the duties were,
collected, and that if the. baggage of pas
sengers Were allowed to be landed his
inspectors would follow it to make sure
that it did not escape paying its share
toward the support of the Government.
He thought, it strange that the Federal
Quarantine Officer should have allowed
the cabin passengers to land and refused
a landing to an inspector who had been
on board only an hour probably, and he
expreeed the opinion that the doctor had
failed to give even a sane reason why he
had acted in the manner he had. He said
further that if the Inspector had not re
dented the arbitrary command of the doc
tor be would be recreant to his trust, t
was the inspector's uuty to follow the
baggage.
The Collector said that he would for
wstrd to Washington, togetner with Dr.
. st, his own protest against
the interference by the doctor with In
r Shepman in the discharge of his
duties.
LIFE AND WORK
OF SHAKESPEARE
Professor Griggs Speaks Elo
quently of the Famous t
Bard.
Success of the Entertainment Given
by the Young Men's
Institute.
A very interesting and highly Instruct-
Ive lecture on Shakespeare was given by
Professor Edward H. Griggs of Stanford
University , under the auspices of Mis
sion Council No. 3, Young Men's Insti
tute, last evening.
The speaker dealt with his subject in
a manner which held the attention of the
entire audience from start to finish. He
spoke first of the wonderful genius evi
denced in the works of the famous bard,
whose masterpieces work their way
slowly into the heart, but once there re
main fixed forever, although we hardly
rtulize, when they first began to become
part of our natures — we only know they
are there. We can hardly realize the
fuel upon which this marvelous fire of
genius fed itself. It was evolved in the
outburst of the Renaissance following the
gloomy pages of the darK ages. This re
vival awakened painting In Italy, in
colder Germany philosophy and religion,
and in England it blossomed out in the
drama..
He next dwelt upon the upbuilding of
England in the Elizabethan era, the im
portant part the drama played in history
ut this time and the inajjio touch of
Shakespeare's hiind in the drama. He
told of how the way for this marvelous
genius was paved by his predecessors,
iir.st with the bloody tragedy, then with
natire and mimicry and finally the por
trayal of deep sentiment and true nature
by the master hand.
He touched but lightly on the early
days of the famous poet, which are, in
fact, somewhat veiled in obscurity, but
in a most touching manner referred to
the early struggles of the then unknown
actor in London and the slight recogni
tion which at last was somewhat charily
Siven him. .
The lecture was preceded by a snort,
but very enjoyable programme of vocal
and instrumental music. Solos were ren
dered by Mrs. Eva Tunny and Frank M.
coffin and R. Fletcher Tflton performed
in a very creditable manner on the organ.
The Introductory remarks were made by
the Hon. Frank J. Murasky, who acted
us president of the evening.
Thft officers are as follows: Samuel
Haskins, grand president: George A.
Stanley, grand secretary: Hon. J. F. Sul
livan past grand president; h.ugene Cal
lan, president- Mission Council No. 3;
F. A. Sullivan, grand Inside sentinel; H.
A Burke grand outside sentinel; Henry
Kugelberg and ». Hayden. grand di
rectors; Eugene Sullivan, grand district
deputy M. W. Fleming, president of lec
ture bureau; R. A. Miller, secretary of
lecture bureau.
FOR THREE FINGERS.
John T. Gorbey Asks a Jury to
Award Him $ 10,000 Damages
for Their Loss.
The suit of John T. Gorbey ag.-inst
John D. McGilvray to recover $10,000
(lamrigps for personal injuries came up
for trial yesterday before a jury in the
United States Circuit Court.
Gorbey was engaged in unloading stone
from railroad cars in the stoneyard of the
defendant and his hand was crushed by
the chain breaking and allowing the stone
\n full. Gorbey suffered the loss of three
; I, and OSKB for $10,000 damages from
McGilvray, the stone contractor, alleging
carelessness on the purt of the defendant
in using tackle too weak for the purpose
for which it was Intended.
The taking of testimony will, be resumed
Huh morning.
RAWHIDING A
GAY LOTHARIO
The Misses Baker Create
a Scene at the
Potrero.
George Jones Horsewhipped
Before a Large Crowd
of Workmen.
It Was the Old Story of the
Fury of a Woman
Scorned.
The Potrero has a sensation, a roal, live,
up-to-date sensation, with all the cle
m« nts and spice of love, romance, re
venge and tears, culminating In a street
scene in which the principal features
were two angry maidens, a demoralized
young man and a couple of rapidly mov
ing rawhide whips in the hands of the
afor< said maidens.
The young women were Lillie and Nel
lie Baker, who live with their mother on
Minnesota street, and the man was
George Jones, an employe at the Union
Iron Works, who resides at 642 Tennes
see street. The rawhlding took place
Ths Misses Faker Plied the Horsewhips Without Mercy*
Tuesday evening: on the corner of Ken
tucky and Solano streets, just after the
big iron works had closed its doors for
the: day. Consequently the 'crowd that
witnessed the free show was large and
enthusiastic. The girls went to work
with their vicious implements of torture
with a will and in less than a minute
there were several red welts and some
blood on the face of Jones to show how
well they were being avenged for the
real or fancied indignities received at
his hands.
"You will say nasty mean things about
my sister — take that, and that, and "
every "that" was accompanied by a blow
from the thin, cruel whip that made the
victim wince and dance right merrily.
Nellie's strong right hand showed no
signs of tiring, and Lillie was not idle
any of the time— not a bit of it. She was
on the opposite side of the victim, mak
ing the lithe whip sing as it descended,
time and again, keeping accompaniment
to her efforts by hissing: "Write love
letters to me, will you?" "Throw me
over for another girl, will you?" "Tell
lies about me, will you?" "How does
that feel?" Jones' hands flew like wind
mills in an endeavor to protect his face
and shoulders, but to no purpose, for the
wiry ends of the whips found a tender
spot every time. The crowd howled and
laughed with delight, for the big, hard
handed laborers had learned sufficient to
make them sympathize with the girls. No
one made the least effort to help Jones
out of his trouble.
At last he became desperate, and with
his open hand he slapped Lillie in the face
with such force that she sat down on the
sidewalk with a thump. Then the victim,
his face aflame, pushed Nellie aside and
ran for dear life. The show was over, and
the spectators were not the less apprecia
tive because it had cost nothing. Since
then the tongues of the Four Hundred of
the Potrero and South San Francisco have
been wagging with a will. The story in
circulation over the old "colt pasture" is
about the same in the main, with a few
variations as it passes along. It is to the
effect that Jones, who is a good looking
young fellow, has for some time past been
paying some attention to Lillie Baker. He
has a good job at the iron works, being
known as a "chipper," one who chips
the scales from the iron, and his pay is
up to the average. Mrs. Baker is a widow
and her three daughters work out. In
fact, the eldest has been ■ employed by
Jones' mother. Matters went along swim
mingly until recently when Lillie learned I
that her handsome friend had been pay- j
ing attention to another Potrero beauty. |
Then she read the riot act to him and j
said that she did not intend to play sec
ond violin to any other piece of feminin
ity east of Mission Creek. Rumor has it '
that they had a row, and that after leav
ing the Baker home young Jones was j
given to discussing his former lady friend.
In the Baker family are two boys, but
they did not feel competent to take up !
their sister's fight, for they arc not the
physical equals of the' chipper of iron,
and Potrero ethics forbid the use of brick
bats or clubs. The girls did not stand for
ethics, and they decided to maintain the
honor of the Baker household, even- at the
sacrifice of their maiden modesty, so they
sallied forth on Monday evening and wait- |
ed at the iron works gate. The young man ]
had got wind of what, was in store for
him and went out the back way. Tuesday
evening they got him, and the result has
been told. It Is said that two Baker girls
have gone on a visit until the Interest in
the affair blows over.
A Right to Change Her Mind.
The ladies of this State are under a
lasting obligations to the Justices of the
Supreme Court, who yesterday decided
that women have a perfect right to
change their minds and be protected by
court in so doing. This conclusion was
reached in the matter of the estate of the
lato Edward K. Shiels. At the request of
the widow George F. Shiols was appolnt-
Iminlstrator. A while later she asked
that his letters of administrator be re
voked and she nominated Henry E.
Monroe for the position. Then, for some
reason best known to herself, she
changed her mind and recalled her .nom
ination of Mr. Monroe, as she had evi
dently deckled that tho old administrator
would do. She gained hi-r point in the
Superior Court and -Mr. Monroe took an
appeal to the higher tribunal; which de
cided that the widow had; a right to
change her mind if r-he wanted to.
Page Again Convicted.
The third trial of ex-District Attorney
jamta D. Page on a charge of having
embezzled the funds of an insane ward
was concluded yesterday afternoon by
the jury returning a verdict of guilty.
ii J &gfi has twice before been convicted on
the same charge, but was always granted
a now trial. He ia still hopeful ol" secur
ing a third revwsuJ of Uio verdict.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
SAID A "PULL"
WAS AT WORK
A Justice of the Peace
Accused in His Own
Court.
Collector Besecker Roasts
Judge Cook on a De
cision.
Declares That He Will Appeal and
Find. Some Justice in
Law.
Justice of the Peace Cook was openly
charged in his own court yesterday with
being subject to the influence of a "pull,"
and was roasted by a collector against
Whom he had given a decision.
The plaintiff in the action was D. E.
Besecker, the assignee of Max Koch, who
was suing Harry J. Angelo, an employe
of the County Clerk's office, for services
rendered as a painter.
Koch testified regarding the work done,
stating that the bill had amounted to
$33, and that Angelo had agreed to pay
at the rate of $5 per month. After three
payments on this basis had been made,
Angelo refused to produce any more
money and he had been compelled to sue.
An&ejo was placed on the stand and ad
min- J that the claim was just. Notwith
standing which Justice Cook gave judg
ment for the defendant.
Then the wrath of Collector Besecker
broke loose.
"I will get justice from a court that
knows what justice is," he shouted, jump
ing from his seat and shaking his finger
at the venerable Justice. "This is the
first time that I have noticed a court
y.hi n- a 'pull' could be exerted such as 5s
In evidence here to-day. 1 thoroughly un
derstand the reasons why such a decision
Is rendered, bul you may be sure that I
do not intend to let this matter rest."
Later Collector Besecker wrote up the
decision and handed it to Judge Cook for
his signature, but the latter refused to
Bign it, although it has always been his
custom to attix his signature to such doc
uments when presented by litigants. Mr.
Besecker said afterward" that he would
take an appeal to the Supreme Court at
his earliest opportunity and would en
deavor to ascertain why it was that he
had been so treated by justice Cook.
THE OPENING GAME.
Baseball Season Begins at Central
Park Next Sunday.
Next Sunday will mark the opening of
the Pacific States Baseball League in this
city at Central Park, on which occasion
the new San Francisco team will meet
the formidable baseball aggregation from
Santa Cruz. From the makeup of the two
teams the game promises to be a warm
contest from start to finish.
This city has not been represented in
years with so strong a combination of
ball tossers as Manager Crowley has
collected for the Sun Francisco team. In
pitching talent he has Johnson, who
played with the Philadelphia National
League team last season, and Perine of
Oakland. Dreus will do the catching,
"Graceful" Maguire will be on first base,
"Josh" Kiley, late of the Texas League,
on second, Uimmel shortstop, and Mur
tes, who played during the past two sea
sons in the East, on third. Mclntyre will
be in left Held, Nealon in center and Wat
trous in right.
Th<; Santa Cruz team is already a pop
ular one in this city, chielly on account
of the remarkable showing made by the
uam last mason. The make up will be
practically the same as last year. Balsz
and E. Daubenbis will alternate in the
box, while Charles Daubenbis will be be
hind the plate. Fitzgerald will be on first
base, Arellanos on second, Williams at
short and Deveraux at third. Hopkins
will bo in left field, Strieb in center and
McGrath in right. This team led last
year's league in both batting and fielding
by a v.-ide margin. In five separate posi
tions it led in fielding, while among the
iirst twelve players in the batting aver
age list Santa Cruz had six, as follows:
Strieb, Deveraux, Arellanos, Williams,
Fitzgerald and McGrath.
The make up of the other teams in the
league is as follows:
Gilt Edges of Sacramento — Harvey and
Doyle, pitchers; Matt Stanley, catcher;
Shanahan, first base; Buck Hughes, sec
ond; "Kid" Peoples, third; .Lochhead,
shortstop; Borland, left field; Dennie,
center field, and one of the pitchers in
right.
Olympics of San Francisco— Knell and
Fitzpatrick, pitchers; Scott, catcher;
Poulter, first base; "Molly" White of
Stockton, second; ■ Smith, shortstop;
Johnston, third; Muller, left field; Hilde
brand, center; Bliss, right.
San Jose team— Stcffanl, pitcher; Kent,
catcher; Hanlon, first base; Greeninger,
second; Frank Foley, shortstop; McCar
thy, third; McGuckcn, left field; "Block
ers" Hanley, center; George Foley, right.
The Central Park managemnt has com
pleted arrangements whereby a special
score board will be erected, upon which
will be chronicled the telegraphed re
sults of the out of town games as they
progress by Innings.
Misrnated Couples.
Henrietta M. Sanchez has commenced
suit for divorce against Richard Sanchez
on. tho ground of extreme cruelty.
Charles Gaubatz has been sued for di
vorce by Mary Gaubatz on the ground of
failure to provide.
Judge Belcher yesterday granted Isa
bella Frcund a divorce from AVilliam A.
Freund on the ground of unfaithfulness.
Hattie A. Rivard lias secured a divorce
from Peter M. Rivard on the ground of
neglect.
Josephine Regli commenced suit for di
vorce yesterday against John J. Kagli on
the ground wX cruelty.
KILPATRICK HAS
BEEN REMOVED
The Board of Education
Dismisses the Prin
cipal.
Was Convicted on Charges of
Unprofessional Con
duct.
Deposed Teacher Says He Will
Make stn Appeal to the
Courts.
Principal Kilpatrick of the Business
Evening School was dismissed from the
School Department by the Board of Ed
ucation yesterday by a vote of seven to
three, Director Head being absent and
Director Waller being excused from vot
ing-.
The charges against Kilpatrick were
"unprofessional conduct" and endeavor
ing to falsify a warrant for the pay of a
teacher in his school.
Director Carew presided over the meet
ing and Attorneys Jones and O'Donnell
appeared for the board. Attorney Aid
rich represented Kilpatrick. :- :
Aldrich objected to Dr. Ragan taking
any part in the proceedings on the
ground that he could not give Kilpatrick
a fair trial. This point was overruled by
the chairman and the taking of testimony
proceeded.
R. P. Hooe, one of the assistant secre
taries of the board, testified that Kilpat
rick had endeavored to induce him to
sign a warrant for a teacher in the Busi
ness Evening School for more pay than
the service called for. Ilooe stated that
he had declined to sign the warrant be
cause it called for more money, than was
due.
Director Waller testified regarding a
letter he had given Kilpatrick to be de
livered to Director Burns. This letter
had been copied by Kilpatrick, he said,
and given to the newspapers for publica
tion.
Director Barrington related certain con
versations between himself and Kilpat
rick in which the latter had stated that
"Ragan wanted to do him up." He had
asked the assistance of the president of
the board to prevent any action against
himself. , m
Kilpatrick in his own defense repeated
a majority of the statements made by
him two weeks ago and denied that he
had ever tried to intimidate the board.
He denied that he had asked Assistant
Secretary Hooe to sign warrants other
than those that were just. Kilpatrick
had no witnesses in his own behalf and
his attorney decided to submit the case
without argument.
In the committee of the whole the vote
was nine for conviction and one for ac
quittal But when the matter came be
fore the" board In regular session a mo
tion was made to suspend sentence for
the balance of the year,, which would
take the case out of the jurisdiction of
the present board. This was de
feated by a vote of seven to three. It was
finally decided to report to the board in
favor of finding Kilpatrick guilty on all
counts and of dismissing him from the
service of the School Department. Only
the votes of Directors Armer, Derham
and Hammond were recorded against
such a procedure.
Mr. Kilpatrick says that he does not
intend to let the mater drop here, but
will appeal to the courts to. sustain the
position he has taken regarding . the
Board of Education.
DEATH OF C. S. KASSON.
Sudden Demise of rm Octogenarian,
Brother of Ex-Congressman J.
A. Kasson of lowa.
Chester S. Kasson, clerk In the newspa
per mailing division in Station D of the
Postofnce, was found dead in his room in
the Russ House yesterday morning. Ap
pearances indicated that Kasson had
fallen dead some time during the night
while walking from his bed to the elec
tric button to ring for the porter.
The deceased had been in the postal
service for more than twenty years, hav
ing entered the service in the railway
mail division. Ho was unmarried and
nearly SO years old, and had been ailing
f<.r alongtime past, hi:, room containing
a large number of bottles of medicine.
Mr. Kasson was a brother of John A.
Kasson, ex-Congressman from lowa, ex-
Represent&tive to Alaska and now a
member of the Alaska Sealing Commis
sion.
Beneficiaries and Administrators.
Some time ago George M. Richardson,
a teacher In the State University, was
granted a leave of absence of one year
My the Board of Regents In order that he
might pursue his studies in archaeologyln
Greece. Before going to Europe he went
to his old home in Connecticut, where he
made his will. A little later he died in
Athens and the will was lilo<l for probate
in the East. Richardson left no hoir In
this State, but he made certain bequests
to the regents, who at the instance of the
executor asked to have E. B. McGllvary
appointed administrator of the estate in
Alameda County. The public adminis
trator made a contest and yesterday the
Supreme Court upheld the county official;
holding that the law does not empower
beneficiaries to nominate th<> adminis
trator, but that the Public Administrator
is the proper administrator.
New Incorporations.
The A. Hatt Warehouse and Lumber
Company has been Incorporated by A.
Hatt, A. Hatt Jr., Anna Brownlee, Ella
Gardiner and Amelia Schlott
Frank Midon, Charles Guillott, Charles
Gailhard, August Groeth, Emanuel Meyer.
Justin Ladagnous and Arthur Frellng
have filed articles of incorporation of the
Midon Petroleum Improvement Company.
The Pacific Development Company has
been incorporated by R. H. Warneld A.
W. Burrell, Homer Wilson, IJ. Francis
and J. W. Dorsey.
Civil Service Examination.
A civil service examination for the po
sition of adjuster of the mint will be held
in this city on May 7. There_will be only
a very light educational test.~Persons~de-
Blring to enter this examination should
apply at once to the secrpt.ary of the
board of examiners at the Postofflee for
application blank form 804, which should
be properly filled and promptly forwarded
to the commission at Washing-ton. The
receipt of applications will close on Fri
day, April 2i>.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£ ELECTRO-MEDICAL :
L NERVOUS DISEASES I;
£■■■ Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronic Headaches, Nervous .Twichings. CoM Feet mm ]
[ ■__ Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil Forebodings, Melancholy, WEAK AND *m i
1 !•■ SINKING SPELLS. NERVOUS DEBILITY and all its attendant ailments. The ■■ ,
[- awful effects of neglected or improperly treated cases, producing Weakness of # _ ,
l^gf Body and Brain, Dizziness, Falling Memory, Lack of Energy and Confidence, DJ,
[^"* Chest pains and other distressing symptoms. Our Electro-Medical treatment is T ,
Li the onlr successful cure for nervous ailments. • — ii
I •■■ - TO THE YOUTH, who is suffering the results of indiscretions, to the MID- ,
> DLE-AOED ana OLD MEN who are paying the penalties for excesses and too _^ ,
iff) fast a life, this treatment isa certain cure. . It Imparts new life to the whole ,
body; it invigorates the weak and dormant organs, all their natural strength ,
I . returns, the mind becomes bright and active, the muscles become firm an^^i,
I strong, in fact the whole being is filled with new life and vitality, bringing to
k 111 man the manly power and mental brightness which is necessary lor him tor" <
I ■■■ possess in order to cope with the realities of life. We can truthfully say to all <
( *»■ suffering from such troubles that our treatment is THE CURE; it is absolute; a 4
,JLj it Is certain; it is positive; it is lasting; it never falls; it makes MAN the MAN <
, ■in every sense of the word. . _^ »
|H Write if you cannot call. Vt\
! . > CONSULTATION FREE at Office op by Letter. <
! STATE-ELECTRO MEDICAL INSTITUTE j
1 : BNTRANCB. 3 EDDY STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. " '
LOADS OF
YUKON LUXURY
Two Companies Alone
Prepare to Supply
30,000 People.
The Alaska Commercial Com
pany Will Send in 15,000
Tons.
No Famine Next Winter — The St.
Paul Will Marry the Sea on
April 6.
The Alaska Commercial Company
proposes to get into the Yukon country
this summer and fall enough merchan
dise to supply 15,000 people for one year
with the necessaries of life and labor
in that awful land of gold and some of
the luxuries of home thrown in.
This will be one good starter toward
warding a Yukon famine away from
the hordes that are expected to popu
late the Yukon Valley next winter, and
in who-se behalf a warning cry of "an
other famine in '98-99" is already start
ing from the tongues of wise men.
The Northwestern Trading and Trans
portation Company — the Cudahy- i
Weare-Gage corporation — Is expected
to fully keep up with its older rival
and undoubtedly will do so. This will
make the number fully supplied for
one year 30,000, and with that figure
reached the Yukon Valley already be
gins to appear a land o-f cold plenty —
at war prices.
Louis Sloss Sr. said yesterday that
the Alaska Commercial Company's j
plans for the coming season included
getting 15,000 tons of supplies of all
sorts up the river and distributed along
its trading posts from Bering Sea to
Dawson. Last year 7000 tons were for
warded, but much of this amo-unt was
started late in the season after the
Klondike excitement began and some
thousands of tons got no farther than
St. Michael. This year the company
will have thirteen river steamers mov
ing with heavy loads at the earliest
possible hour. Five will be new ones
and four of these will be of 1000 tons ca
pacity, the peer in power, convenience
and elegance of any first-class steamer
on the Mississippi. They were built en
the Ohio River and have been shipped
to Unalaska. They are expected to
make four river trips between June 1
and fret-zing time.
The company thus has confidence
that with 15,000 tons it has not bitten
off more than it can chew in four
months or more than the Yukon popu
lation will want to chew later. This
amount is resolved according to popu
lation at the average rate of one ton of
food, clothing, hardware, whisky, etc.,
per capita per year. As not everybody
will buy a ton the company is evidently
banking on a good many more than
15,000 customers.
The coming season will see a great
change in the character of the mer
chandise that rolls up the mighty Yu
kon. Heretofore beans, bacon, flour
and a few such staples along with a
small assortment of hardware, dry
goods, etc., have been all that the In
dians and grizzled prospectors have
created a demand for. But Swiftwater
Bill is going back this summer, there
will be lots of the "newly rich" and
many with cultured wants and some
money, so the Invoices have broadened
upward and taken in about everything
that a fool with nuggets might take a
notion to buy. The big log trading
posts will be bazaars displaying figured
Bilks frc-m Indian looms, besides aborig- !
inal parkies. pressed capon and canned
truffles above the smoked ham, and
sapphires and diamonds in the show
case not far from the picks and ten
penny nails. These crazy Klondikers
are whooping civilization and luxury
up the mighty river a thousand miles
beyond the promised moose ranges of"
the Tanana.
Beyond the 30,000 tons of merchandise
that the two established companies are
prepared to hustle into the interior,
there is a big field for conjecture to
sport in, but the distant prospect at
first glance suggests "clearance" and
"fire" sales next January instead of
famine riots. Several companies with
large capital and wealthy directors of
business standing, along with a host of
doubtful corporations, have announced
large trading as well as transportation
plans, and are lost somewhere in the
Klondike hurlyburly. How many of
them will answer roll-call on the Yukon
and with what stocks of supplies when
the river is running free no man may
now say, but that a great number of
men and companies will pet stocks of
merchandise, little and big, into the
Yukon region this summer is quite cer
tain. What will go in over the passes
is utterly beyond prophecy. Whether
the railway from the Stickeen River to
the head of navigation in Canadian tf?r
ritory will be ready when the ice goes
is wholly problematical.
"I expect that there will be between
fifty and sixty boats of all sizes and
conditions running on the Yukon next
summer," said Louis Sloss yesterday,
"but it is impossible now to even guess
what all these new companies will do
or amount to."
The Alaska Commercial Company
will dispatch three steamers, the Bella,
Portland and St. Paul, from here to St.
Michael about June 1, and although the
sailing time is so far ahead fifty have
already paid for their tickets. Both this
company and its big rival have
doubled the fare to Dawson this year.
This season it will be $300, with 150
pounds of baggage allowed. "We found
we were losing money at last year's
rate," says Mr. Sloss.
The company s fine new 2000 ton
ocean steamer, the St. Paul, now being
built by the Union Iron Works, and
which will sail to the land of the mid- :
night sun. is to be launched at 11 a. m.
on April 6. Suitable arrangements have
been made for a gala time at the
launching, and a little daughter of Leon
Sloss will baptize with champagne the
new prow that shall with wave and
iceberg wrestle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-^^^^^^^^u^\^g^^ munition is used by every
J^^^^^^^^ one an<^ so^ everywhere.
Vi enc^ name an d address on a
vv^& P osta^ carc^ or 1 48-page illus-
¥*zk\ 'ik >^ -^^^vsJ * ratec^ catalogue. It is free.
wPi^^lWTx^^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.
ml L \\ Js^ T^^^^sga, 4*3 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
I LEAS & McVITTY, |
I PHILADELPHIA, PA., I
Tanners and Gutters of Texas Oak Sole
I . „_. ._ ( WORLD'S FAIR AWARDS. g
« «FBVirPiRiF \ Philadelphia 1876. S
I §^,R, R « CEABLE ) Paris 1878. S
I SOLES C Chicago 1893. »
5 If the sole leather you are using is not perfectly satisfactory, give our j»
* stock a trial. It is the best. Sold by all leading dealers. |
KLONDIKE j
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
Sgteßs.,.^,
GAIL BORDEU
EAGLE BRAND
- CONDENSED MILK
Hls*e3t reputation for keeping qual-
ity ; cence, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
,»- 1
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FOURTH TRIP.
STMR. HUMBOLDT
Sails on or about March 31st direct for
SKAGUAY
—AND—
DYE A.
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
'Phone — 1779. '■:-■:".
HMfl4 Inches
'§M FROM THE EYES
%f||p# IS THE NATURAL READING
: : ' v ■'•"*. distance Nearer or further
I) ABNORMAL AND HEEDS INVEST JGATIOH
CALL amd SEE US
Opticians^ photog ra^ cPLIESc PLIE5
~** 642 Market St. qo*-
iJMnEtt CHRONICLE EUILDIMG.
DR.MCNULTY.
rrniy-.vErr.KNOw>; and RKLIABUE pr,T» I
X. BpctiallKtewru l'rlvatP,Nervous,H!oo(laiidSkin !
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free, iVtieats
cured ut Homo. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
<iaily;o:3o tf>S.3ocv'i;s. S^iicluys, 10 to 12. Con.vjltn-
clou free and sacredly con fldentia'- Call or address j
V. RONCOiO MrS.ITI.TY. M. »..
2O'J Kearnr Street. Sun Francisco. CoL :
An old German woman, living in a Kaunas town, says of Ripans Tabules t
"When we came out to Kansas, eighteen years ago, we were very poor and we
had a big family. I had to work very hard in the house and outside, too,
milking oowb, slopping hogs, picketing horses, making garden and so on. I
was far from my relatives and didn't like the country. I didn't know nobody,
bo I stayed at home and worried. "We had a hard time of it. No fruit, no
vegetables, no nothing. Such living ■was enough to ruin anybody's insidea.
After a while my stomach got out of order, and grew worse and worse. I lost
my appetite. Nothing tasted good. I was troubled with sourness and gulp-
lags. Then I got to be cross as a bear. I was downhearted too. I felt kind
of drowsy most of tho time, and had no oourage for anything. I dreamt tha
a^falest dreams. But I didn't think X was bad sick, and doctors cost too
much and may bo don't do any good. Aft last, my brother in Philadelphia
sent me ucine Ripans Tabules. He said they were good for my case. I used
tnem and then got more. Sooa I was well again, almost like* when I was ft
jjirl jn_Germany.'*
STATEMENT
- — THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1597, and lor th»
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State- of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 anii
611 of the Political Code, condensed as pee
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash % 600,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of nil stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,276,279 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks.. 113,856 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 13,212 00
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 190,840 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for lire and marine risks 4,693 00
Policy stamps on hand 1,254 00
Total assets JI.GOS.O3i 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense. ■ losses resisted, including
expenses .*.,.$ 154,575 00
Gross premiums- on marine and in-
land navigation risks, gross prem-
iums on marine time ri5k5.......;.. 154,395 00
All other demands against the. com-
pany • - 93,479 00
Total liabilities ...$ 402.449 0-0
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums $ 559,32100
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from .
all other sources 34,463 0")
Total Income % 593,784 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses. 453.133 00
Dividends to stockholders... 60,000 00
Paid for salaries, fees and other -
charges for officers, clerks, etc ' 38,309 24
Paid for State, National and local
taxes .. 7,363 78
All other payments and expenditures 6,032 00
Total expenditures $ 584,843 00
Marine losses incurred during the
year 498,760 00
Marine Prem-
Klsks and Premiums. . Risks. turns.
Net amount of risks writ- ■ |
ten during the year $102,269,140 $331,231 00
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year 101,635,505 511,600 00
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597 9,436,403 154,395 00
~ J. WILLIAMSON, President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23th
day of February, 1888. - W. J. SULIS,
United States Vice-Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
Managers.
208 Sansome Street, S. I*.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968.
00000000000 op ooooo
°™= PALACE "-^l
° GRAND hotels o
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
jf Connected by a covered passageway. ~^ :
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O
© All Under One Management. O
© NOTE THE PRICEB: ' Q
g% European Plan. Sl . OO per day and upward rt
w American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward V*
© Correspondence Solicited. Q
© JOHN C. KIBKPATBICK, Manager. q
0000000000000 00000
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OP THE MARKETS.
Heavy frost throughout the State.
Silver higher.
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Oats quieter. Corn and Rye dull.
Flour rirm.
Hay stiff, but no higher.
Seeds flull, and Beans weaker.
Summer Vegetables lower.
Hiitt^r an.) Eggs about the same.
Poultry sells at previous prices.
■:;.-, rk<H broke.
Lemons ajid Limes dull.
Pried Fruit motionless.
No improvement in Provisions.
Wool. Hides and Hops unchanged.
More Strawberries arrived.
Shipment of $150,357 to China.
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imports of staple Groceries at this port dur
ing the Brat two months of the year were as
follows ««d with the same period last
year: Sugar 36.990,700 H><. against 41.332,400;
1,885 lbs, against 3,080,000; tea, 487.900
• 53,600 lbs, against
: 1, ::':•, -•
OUR FOREIGN 'TRADE.
The foreign merchandise and produce raove-
Dnlted States for the first eight
i)i..nths of the fiscal year compare as follows:
1896-97. 1537-98.
Exports $734,998,213 $813,370,071
Imports 422.515.394 3f3.705.966
Kscess exports $312,482,819 $413,661,105
The exports for the current fiscal year show
an Increase of $78,371,858 over the correspond
ing period on the previous fiscal year, while
the Imports show a decrease of $28,806, 425. so
that the balance in favor of the United States
on Its foreign trade for the first two-thirds of
the fiscal year is $107,178,286.
FLOUR AND GRAIN EXPORTS.
Exports of Flour and Grain from the United
States for the first eight months of the fiscal
year compare as follows:
1896-97. 1597-9 S.
Flour barrels 10,881,258 10,449,905
Wheat, bushels 64.509.079 101,445.562
Com bilShela 110.446,988 120.557.363
Oats, bushels 23.599.243 46,232,667
Wheat exports Bhow an increase of 60 per
cent and Oats 100 per cent.
TREASURE SHIPMENT,
The China took out a treasure list of $150,
857, consisting of $12,377 in Mexican dollars.
$1770 in gold coin. $135,000 In silver bullion and
Jl2lO in Peruvian Boles.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at :tatlon Indicate maximum temperature
lor the days; those underneath it. If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
end hundredths during the past twelve hours,
leobars. or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric press. rp and is usuc.lly accompanied
by fair weath-'r; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weath-*r and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
end south alone the coast, rain la probable;
but when the "lnw" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon la Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idah.>. and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In Bummer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, March 23, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 28.23 43.09
Red K!uff 0 12.08 22.71
tnento 0 8.55 15.81
rancisco 0 7. .,2 20.86
0 3.71 9.97
Pan Luis Ohispo 0 5.45 20.11
1. - Angeles 0 5.02 16.46
San Diego 0 ;-; . S2 n.60
Yuma 0 1.65 5.35
Ban Francisco temperature: Maximum, 60;
minimum. 43: mean. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure is falling rapidly over Wash
.-ti'i Vancouver Island. A storm of some
energy appears to be central over Vancouver
It will probably move overland north
of the international boundary. Should it not,
and extend itself southward along the Oregon
rain will fall over the northern portion
Of Caiifi ii:.!. Rain la now falling from the
mouth '•! th<- Columbia River northward. An
urea of hiKh pressure overlies Utah.
The temperature has risen decidedly in Ne
vada, Utah and in the country east of the
Rocky Mountains. In th»- great valleys of Cali
fornia the temperature is about normal
The following wind velocities are reported:
Fort canby. 32 miles per hour from the south;
Yuma. 26 north.
Fore-casts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 24, 1S98:
Northern California— Increasing cloudiness
Thursday: showers in extreme northern por- .
outherly winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; westerly
winds.
Nevada Cloudy in northwestern portion ;
Thursday; lair In southeastern portion.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday; warmer in northern
n. '
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Pan Francisco and vi<inity— lncreasing cloud- .
Thursday : unsettled Thursday night;
southeasterly wind, changing to southwesterly.
Special report fn.m Mount Tamalpais, taken
;n I p m.— Clear; wind northwest. 12 miles per
hour; temperature, SO; maximum, 66.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 23.— Money on call easy, j
1%@2 per cent; last loan. 2 per cent; closed, 2 j
per cent. Prime mercantile paper. ■ 4\b<&s\k per j
cent. Sterling exchange weak, with actual i
business in bankers' bills at $4 83V4©4 83% for !
demand and at {4 81% for sixty days: posted
rates. $4 S2@4 82V*. and $4 85(^4 85V4. Commer- :
cial bills, $4 So>£. Silver certificates, 66<556%c
Bar silver. 5Gc. Mexican dollars, 45c. Govern
ment bonds, weak. State bonds, dull. Rail
road bonds, weak.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 23.— doubt over the I
outcome of the Cuban controversy between the !
United States and Spain was a depressing in
fluence in the local stock market to-day, as it
was in every market for securities in the world.
In Paris the weakness of Spanish 4's affected
all other securities by sympathy and the same i
influence weakened the markets in London and
Berlin, the heaviness of American railroad se
curities being an additional factor at the latter '
two centers. On the local exchange there was i
a well-defined bull party, whose operations
were attended with more or less success, thus
subtracting very materially from the sum of
the depression. The motive publicly avowed
by this bull party for its attitude is that prices
are lower than ' are warranted by intrinsic
values and by the political ' outlook. , But it is
doubtless influenced also by the technical con
dition of the 'market, which is full of short
contracts waiting to be covered on the ex
pected slump on and anticipated i decisive j de
velopmente In the Cuban situation. There Is
a temptation for a bull clique to force up
j prices and compel the shorts to cover. The
I effort of the bulls to-day was only moderate
In inducing covering, but they did discourage
further short selling and twice rallied prices
' from declines running up to a point or over in
i many prominent stocks. The market closed
with one of these rallies in force, so that the
' net changes are for the most part insignificant
and there is a fair sprinkling of gains. The
industrial specialties continued to be the chief
sufferers from depression. The railroad list
was pretty well sustained and the Northern Pa
cific stocks and Union Pacific preferred showed
not a little firmness.
The money market seems to be waiting on the
Cul.an question equally with stocks. Hankers
i are loth to put out money In time loans, al- j
I though the available supply with the replen
i ishment of thp gold Imports is said to be quite
large. To-day's falling in exchange and the
renewed engagements of gold may be put down I
to the apprehension over the future rather than !
to present actual demands for money.
The bond market continued to lack anima
tion, trading being confined to a few specu
lative issues. The tone was weak. Total !
sales. $1,465,000. United States new 4's regis- !
j tered declined 1%. do coupon 1%, and the old
4s and the 6's 1% bid. There were sales of
the new 4's coupon at 120, the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 295.000
shares, including: Burlington. 34,340: Louisville
and Nashville. 430B: Manhattan. 21.525: Metro- ;
politan. 15,868: New York Central. 970:1; North
ern Pacific, 3505; do preferred, 10,975: Rock
Island. 5220: St. Paul. 25. W0; Union Pacific,
17,820; Tobacco, 12.165; People's Qas, 10.315;
American Sugar, 66.293.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 10% St P & Om 67
Do pref 233* Do pref 150
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St PM & M 125
Canada Pacific ..61 So Pacific 14
Canada Southern. 45% So Railway 7%
Cent Pac 11% Do pref 2i%
Ches & Ohio 17% Texas & Pacific.. 9%
chl & Alton .... 152 Union Pacific ... 48%
Chi B & Q 88% U P D & G 7VSs
Chl & E 111 62 Wabash 6%
C C C & St L.... 27 Do pref 14%
Do pref 82 Wheel & L E.... 134
! Del & Hudson ... 106% Do pref 9%
Del L & W 145 Express Companies —
Den & R G 10% Adams Ex 100
Do pref 42% American Ex 125
Erie (new) 12V, United States ... 39
Do Ist pref .... 33 Wells Fargo 114
Ft Wayne 166 Miscellaneous —
Gt Wor pref 14S A Cot Oil 15*
I Hocking Val .... 5% Do prpf 66%
Illinois Cent 95% Amn Spirits 6%
j Lake Erie & W.. 12% Do pref , c 16
Do riref 67 Am Tobacco 93%
Lake Shore IS9 Do pref 112%
Louis & Nash... 4«* B People's Gas 88%
Manhattan L '.'«■■. Cons Gas 173
Met St Ry 135% Com Cable Co 160
Mich Cent 101 Co] F ft Iron 17
Minn & St L 24 Do prof 78
Do Ist pref SO Gen Electric 3m
Mo Pacific 24 Illinois Steel 4.".'*
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Laclede Gas 40
Mo X ft T 10% I-ead 28%
Do pref 3"V> Di> pref 103
Chl Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 16
Do pref 24 Or Imp Cr> IS
N J Central .... 89', Pacific Mail ':2\
N V Central 1074 Pullman Pal 1f.7
N V Chi & St L. 11% Silver Cert 56
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T ... 3%
Do 2d pref 78% Sugar 114*
Nor West 11 ! » Do prof 105
No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron IS
No Pacific 21 US Leather 5%
Do pref ;"r<" R Do pref £>." '
Ontario & W 14i 8 U S Rubber 16
Or R & Nay 414 Do pref 63' i
Or Short Line ... 28 West Union M' 4
Pittsburg 168 C & N W 11." 1 ? i
Reading li" R pn prf-f 172 1 -
Do Ist pref .... 37U R G W 23
Rook Island 81% Do pref 54
St L & <= F B% St L & S W 4
Do Ist pref .... 54 Do pref 8%
Do 2d pref .... ZVi Chl O W 9^
St Paul 87% Haw Com Co 30
Do pref H4
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 120 NJC 5s 111%
Do coup 120 N Carolina 6s 123
U S 4s 109 Do 4s 102
Do coup 111% No Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds 98 Do 3s ■"■ ■■'■ 1
U S 5s reg 11l Do 4s 93%
Do 5s coup 11l N YC& S L 4s. 103
District 365s 116 Nor & W G3 119
Ala class A 108% INortbwatrn cons. 144
Do B 107 j Do deb 5s 115
Do C 97 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 97 O Nay 4a 90
Atchison 4s BS% O S Line 6s tr 118
Do adj 43 56 OS Line 5s tr 9?
Can rfo 2da 106 O Imp lsts tr 102%
Chl Term 4s 81% Do 5s tr 53
C & Ohio 5s 114 Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C PI & D 4%5.... 104%jReading 4s 80
D & R G lsts.... 108% R G \V lsts 79%
D & R G 4s .... 89 SL& IM C 55.. BBli
East Term lsts.. 105 SL& SF G 65.. 118
Erie Gen 4s 69% St P Con 139
F \V & D lsts tr. 6>>% St P C & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elec 5s 101 Do 5s 113
GH& S A 65.... 102 So Ry 5s 88
Do 2ds 103 Stand R & T 65.. 51
H &T C 5s 109 Term new set 35.. 85
Do eon 6s 110 T & P L G lsts.. 99
lowa C lsts '98 Do Rg 2ds 30
Kan P Con tr.... 98 U P D & G lsts.. 52
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131 V4 Wab Ist 5s 106
La new cons 4s .. 101 Do 2ds 75%
I. & N Uni 45.... 86 W Shore 4s 108
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 65%
M X & T 2d5.... 58 Do deferred .... 3
Do 4s 85? i U P pref 45%
N V Central lsts.. 11614 Do 4s 90
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 43
Con <^al & Va. .. 72 Plymouth 07
Deadwood 76 IQuicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 15] Do pref 200
Hale & Norcrs... 1 25 Sierra Nevada 140
Homestake 39 00 Standard 160
Iron Silver 34 Union Con 40
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March Atchlson. Topeka and
Santa Fe. lOo I*,;1 *,; Bell Telephone. 244; Cincinnati.
Burlington and Quiney. SBU: Mexican Central,
5; Oregon Short Line, 28; Boston and Montana,
164%; Butte and Boston, 20%.
NEW SECURITIES LISTED.
NEW YORK. March 23.— committee on
the stock list of the New York Stock Exchange
has listed the following: securities: Northern
Pacific Railway Company, $863,500 additional
4's, making total listed $85,062,000; Spokane
Falls and Northern Railway Company, $2,512,000
first mortgage 6 per cent bonds; Union Pacific
Railroad Company, $13,000,000 first mortgage 4
per cent bonds, making the total listed $84,235,
000, and $15,750,000 preferred stock, making the
total listed $75,000,000.
LONDON MARKET. .
NEW YORK. March 23.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here remain stagnant and dull, being
entirely dominated by the Cuban question. The
feature to-day was the sharp drop In Spanish
4s. They opened at 53%, touched 53 and closed
at r3Vt- It is still believed here that New York
traders are dealing in them. Americans gave
way in sympathy with the New York lead.
Stock is not really pressed for sale here, but
there are fair realizations from the Continent.
The close was better on New York support. It
is believed that the Chinese loan has been only
about half applied for here. It Is quoted at
'; discount on the market.
In the allotment of English treasury bills
to-day nearly £2.000.000 was taken in twelve
months' bills at 2 3-16 per cent.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 83%: Grand Trunk, 7%:
Bar Silver, steady, 26d per ounce; Money, 2&
2V4 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 23.— Receipts,
21.607 barrels; exports, 13,640 barrels; market
dull and nominally lower to sell.
WHEAT — Receipts. 57,350 bushels; spot
weak; No. 2 red, $1 04 f. o. b. afloat to arrive.
Options opened steadier at %@%c advance on
further covering, but through predictions of
warmer weather drifted gradually Into weak
ness. Liquidation was the afternoon feature,
particularly in late deliveries, which lost
l%<il?ic, against %c decline on near months.
A good export demand and better late cables
had little Influence. No. 2 red March, $103©
1 04, closed $1 03; May, 99 15-16@$1 01 V«,
dosed. $1.
• HOPS — Steady; common to choice State, 1895
crop, 4S6c; do 1896 crop, 7ifj9c; do 1597 crop, 17®
18c; Pacific Coast, 1895 crop, 4@6c; do 1896 crop,
8(glCc: do 1597 crop, 17@18c.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— Although quiet the market shows
a disposition to do better. According to the
Metal Exchange piglron warrants are quiet at
$6 76 bid and $6 90 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $11 87% bid
and $12 asked.
TlN— Firm at $14 35 bid and $14 40 asked.
SPELTER— Firm at $4 25 bid.
LEAD— Steady at $3 72% bid and $3 77%
asked. The firm that fixes the selling price
for miners and smelters quotes lead at $3 50.
COFFEE — Options opened barely steady, with
prices 6<f?lo points lower; closed quiet, with
prices '..'</ 1 -i points lower. Sales, 13,250 bags, in
cluding May. 4.9sifif>o. Spot Rio, weak; No. 7
invoice, 5V4c; Jobbing, fie; mild, quiet; Cor
dova, S«;@l6c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet, fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4c; refined, quiet.
NEW YORK, March 23.— BUTTER— Receipts,
7642 packages. Market firm ; Western cream
ery/ 15@19c: Elgins, 19c: factory. 12@15c.
EGGS— Receipts, : 22,116 packages. . Market
firm; State and Pennsylvania, 10<4@10%c; West
ern. 10% c. . r -__!.:;K4V?.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March California Dried
Fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. BiJTSc;
prime wire tray, 8%©8% c; wood -dried, prime,
8%<58%c: choice. s-%f9c; fancy. 9i4@9?ic.
PRUNES— 3V4@7%c.
APRICOTS— sV6@7c; • Moorpark, R^ig)
lOHc. -. .
PEACHES— s@9c; peeled, 12@15c. '
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 23.— At the opening and
for a short time after Wheat showed strength.
Low temperatures were reported from all parts
of - the winter Wheat country, and California
reported another hard . frost last night, with
considerable Injury. I The j English market* all
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
showed steadiness. The weather news was
the factor, and there was enough demand from
shorts at the opening to start July about %c
higher at S6'fiS6%c, and May %c hieher at
$1 06%. The latter delivery was very dull most
of the session. The opening prices in July
proved to be the highest of the day.
Up to about noon the market was in a state
of dullness bordering on stagnation. Only a
narrow scalping trade was done in this lime,
and traders were evidently still inclined to
keep out of the market until the Spanish ques
tion was settled one way or another. Prices
kept within a narrow range, with the general
j tendency downward, July declining to hs%e
j and May to $1 06%.
After the noon hour July advanced under
I moderate buying to Suvsc. There it met a lot
i of selling against calls with more or less gen
eral realizing and the price dropped to 85% c.
The decline was so quick that it brought out a
good, many stop loss orders, and the market
declined with scarcely any support to S4c lor
Jul>. May, too. had to contend with a lot
of selling late in the day, and declined to
!$1 04. A slight improvement occurred Just be
fore the close, July getting to S4%c and May to
$1 04%. Those were the final figures.
Sympathy with Wheat and prospects of bet
ter weather In the West were the influences
in Corn. May closed %fa%c lower.
Oats were dull and weak. May closed %ig>
%c lower.
Provisions were exceptionally dull and prin
cipally for this reason weak. There was also
some selling by pit professionals. May pork
closed 17% c lower and May lard and ribs 00 \
lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 1 06% 106% 104 104%
July 86% 86% 84 84%
Corn, No. 2—2 —
May 29% 29% 23% 28%
July 80% 30% 30% 80%
September 31% 31% 31%, 31%
Oats, No. 2—
May 26% 26% 257* 26
July 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mees Pork, per bbl—
May 9 85 9 85 8 70 9 70
July 9 87% 9 87% 9 77% 9 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 10 6 10 8 05 5 05
July 515 615 6 12% 6 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 5 02% 505 600 500
July 6 07% 610 506 505
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. 3 spring Wheat, 96c; No. 2 red,
$1 01%; No. 2 Corn, 28% c; No. 2 Oats, 25% c;
No. 2 white, f. o. b., 29%?<?31e; No. 3 white,
f. o. b. 28@28%c: No. 2 Rye, 49c; No. 2 Bar
ley, f o. b., 34<g 1 42c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 17%; I
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 86#2 90; Mess Pork, j
per barrel, $9 70@9 75; Lard, per 100 pounds. $sig>
5 02%: Short Rib Sides, loose, $4 Ss#6 10: Dry
Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4%-ffr.c: Short Clear
Sides, boxed, $5 25'?5 40; Whisky, distillers' fin- ,
l=he.l goods, per gallon, $1 li' I*.1 *.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 85.000 46,000
Wheat, bushels 132. 000 169.001 -
Corn, bushels W.OOO 244.000 !
Oats, bushels 827,000 293,000 |
Rye. bushels 9,000
Barley, bushels 103,000 36.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 13@18c: dairies,
104171160. Cheese, quiet; S@SUc. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 9%c. _
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. : Bushels.
Minneapolis 141,400 18,460
Duluth 60.115 4.167
Milwaukee . 7.800 1.300
Chicago 191.984 168,662
Toledo 14,575
St. Louis 7.000 52.000
Detroit .3,447 11.437
Kansas City 10,500 63.500
Totals 442,821 319,526
Tidewater-
Boston 41.70$ 7.990
New York 57.3.V) .......
Philadelphia 7.615 4,512
Baltimore 77.702
New Orleans
Galveston (.060
Totals 190,415 12.502
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 63 15 59 75
Closing 63 35 ..V.V
Flour— ':'■ •:"•■"•
Opening '. 28 90 .27 70
Closing 28 95 27 80
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
-'- .'.March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening .....7 9% 7 5 7 74 66% ' 66%
Closing 7 9% 7 6*4 7 1% 67 6 6%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 23.— CATTLE— market
for cattle was weak and about 10c lower from
the start. Sales were on a basis of $3 So@4 for
the commonest lots of dressed beef steers up
to $5@5 75 for choice to extra shipping cattle,
the bulk going at $4 35®"5 10; stockers and feed
ers. $4 20-54 60; calves, $5 7506 40. •
HOGS— Were steady. Common, $3 80@3 85;
best. $4(8-4 96; bulk of sales, $3 90@4. ■ •
SHEEP Sheep and lambs stronger and lambs
averaged 10c higher with an active demand.
Sheep, $4@4 75: yearlings, $4 60@5; lambs, $4 50
@5 60, few going lower than $5 30.
Receipts— Cattle. 16,000; Hogs, 23,000; Sheep,
16,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March CATTLE—
ceipts, 5450. Market prices uneven, heavy steers
and light butcher grades selling steady, while
medium cattle were 5610 c lower. Sales were
at $3 9005 05, largely $4 1504 90; Texas steers,
easier, $3 7S@4 30; native cows and heifers, ac
tive. $2 50-64 55, closing weak: stookers and
feeders, steady, $3 50@5 40; bulls, quiet, $2 50
<SZ SO.
— Receipts, 12.400. Prices "uneven, pigs
selling strong at $3 2.V83 65 bulk of sales.
$3 65@3 SO; heavy, $3 70<@:3 90; packers, $3 70<3>
3 90; mixed. $3 70<S3 90; lights, steady to weak.
$3 50(5?3 75.
S SHEEP— . 2550. Market 10c higher
than a week ago; lambs, $5@5 30; muttons, (3 75
@4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, March 23.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3000.
Quality common; beeves weak to 10c lower:
cows and stock cattle strong; beeves, $3 90@5;
cows, $2'S3 90; heifers, $3T?4 20.
HOGS— Receipts. 3500. Market active; heav
ies. $3 77'-2'fi3 85: light and mixed $3 72H<??3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Active and steady ;
good lambs, $4 80©5 16: Western sheep, $4@4 50.
DENVER.
DENVER. March 23.— CATTLE— Receipts.
10M>. Market steady to firm; beef steers, $3<3>
4 40; cows, $3 2SOt; feeders, freight paid to
river. $4<S4 60; stockers. freight paid, $4@5;
bulls, stags, etc.. $2 25(g3 25.
HOOP— Receipts, 300. Market steady: light
packers. $3 So©3 85; mixed, $3 7503 SO; heavy,
$3 756 3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts. none. Market steady;
good fat muttons, $3<??4 25; lambs, $4 20^-5 20.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 23.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
Wool market:
The volume of sales has been a trifle heavier
than the week previous. Taking the market as
a whole, a duller situation can hardly be
imagined. The Cuban crisis has put an end
to all activity. The manufacturers do not
want Wool except in reasonably small lots for
the purpose of piecing out their present hold
ings. The principal factors which are In
fluencing the market at present may perhaps
be reduced to three. First, of course. Is the
war scare. A second and very Important factor
is the presence here still of a considerable
amount of cheap last year's Wool. Until this
is all cleaned up there can be no guarantee
that prices will be fully maintained. A third
factor is cancellation of orders for finished
product. The extent of this evil will perhaps
be apnreciated when we state one mill had
one order for $40,000 canceled.
All that can be said about prices is that
there is not enough of a market to make prices.
Quotations are nominally unchanged, but a
market so dull as the present is bound to sag
of its own weight. Concessions axe made and
sporadic cases of unusually low quotations are j
encountered. Most dealers in carpet Wools
have done no business to speak of. but in cer
tain quarters there have been large sales.
Prices are as well maintained on carpet
Wools as on anything in the list.
The sales of the week in Boston amount to '
851,000 pounds domestic and 448,000 pounds for- j
eign, making a total of 1. 299.00 V) pounds, against
a total of 1,407,000 for the previous week and a
total of 12,679,000 pounds for the correspond
ing week last year.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 23.— At the Wool auction
sales to-day 14.192 bales were offered and con-
sisted of a good selection. The French and
German buyers purchased large quantities of
medium good Queensland merino and also com
peted with the home trade for fine greasy, the
former being in the majority. The attendance
was good. The series is scheduled to close
April 4. Following are the sales In detail:
New South Wales, 5900 bales; scoured 9%d(3>
Is 6d; greasy, Sfg'lld.
Queensland, 1100 bales; scoured, 9d@ls sd;
greasy, 7%'jn!*%d.
Victoria, 4400 bales; scoured, 7%d@ls 7%d;
greasy. f!d<fi Is 6%d.
South Australia, 100 bales; scoured, Is 3d®
Is 3%d.
New Zealand, 1200 hales; greasy, 6%'JSd.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal 400 bales;
scoured. B%d@ls 6d; greasy, s®Bd.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 23.— Consols, 111 13-1S; sil
ver, 2Gcl: French rentes, 103f 35c.
LIVERPOOL, March 23.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California wheat, 38s; cargoes of
Walla Walla wheat, 345; cargoes oft coast,
very little doing; cargoes on passage, nomi
nal, unchanged; English country markets, gen
erally 6d cheaper; French country markets
quiet: Liverpool wheat. No. 1 California'
7s 9d@7s lOd; wheat in Paris, firm; flour in
Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red northern spring
dull. 7s ll'-d.
CORN— Futures steady; May, 3s 2%d; July
3s 2%d.
HOPS AT LONDON— Pacific Coast, steady.
£4@£4 10a. "
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 23.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 75@76c; valley and blue stem, 78c per
bushel.
.WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., March 23.— Wheat strong,
but unchanged; No. 1 club. 70@76c; No. 1 blue
stem, 7S(J(!7S?.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., March 23.— Exchanges.
$221,789; balances, $52,533.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, March 23.— Cotton, easy;
middling, 5%c.
NEW YORK March 23.— Cotton, quiet; mid
dling. 6 1-lSc.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March 23.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $224,342,314; gold re
serve. $172,004,265.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 1*
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — f>6
Mexican Dollars — * 6
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Previous prices were nominally
quoted for shipping, with no business reported.
Futures declined, because somebody or other
thought It looked like rain, but there was a
subsequent recovery
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42%
@1 43% for No. 1 $1 45@1 46% for choice and
*1 47%@1 50 per ctl for extra choice for mill
ing.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
$146. December-18,000, $136%; 20,000, $186%.
Second Session— December— so.ooo ctls, $1 36%;
12,000, $136%; 6000, $136%. May— 2ooo, $145%;
4000, $1 45% ; 4000. $1 46. „ m
Regular Morning Session— May— 26,ooo ctls.
$1 45%; 10,000. $1 45- 14 000, $1 45%; 10.000, $1 45%;
16,000. $145%. December— l2,ooo, $1.35%; 10,000.
$1 36; 8000, $1 35%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$136%; 4000, $136%- 2000. $136%; 6000, $136%;
16,000, $1 37; 12.00-) $1 37%; 4000, $1 37%; 18,uoO.
$1 37%; 12,000, $1 37%. May— 6ooo, $1 46%; bOOO,
$1 46%; 2000. $1 46%; 4000. $1 46%.
BARLEY— On 'change yesterday morning,
though the sky was clear all over the State,
the wind was northerly and fair weather was
predicted for the next day or two, somebody
said he thought it looked like rain and the
whole crowd jumped in to sell. The decline in
futures will be seen below. Spot values were
sustained, but there were no buyers. In the
afternoon futures recovered.
Feed, $1 17%@1 22'j; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock—December—lo.
000 ctls. $1 liv;. May— 2ooo, $1 is%; 2000. $ns%:
2000. $1 18%; 4000. $1 IS.
Second Session— May- 2000 ctls. $1 17%; 2000,
$1 17%; 2000, $1 17%; 60H0. *1 17. December— 2ooo.
$1 11; 14.000. $1 11%; 2CK«O. « 11%: MOO, $1 11%.
Regular Morning Sessi.m— December— l4,ooo
ctls. $1 11; 16.000. $i ni, 4 ; 6000, $1 10%. May—
2000, $1 15%; 4000, $1 16.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 18: 2000.
$1 19. December— 4ooo, $1 12%: 8000. $1 13; 4000,
$1 13';: 4000. $i 13i,.
OATS— There was less activity yesterday at
unchanged prices.
Fancy Feed, $1 32% per ctl; pood to choice.
$1 2fi@l 30; common. $1 20©l 22%; Surprise,
$1 27%-Fil 35: red. $1 3",W1 45: gray, $1 20®l 22%;
milling. $1 22V-J1 27% per ctl.
CORN— No change whatever to report.
Small round yellow. $1 10©l 12't P«r ctl; large
yellow $1 03491 10; white. $1 10@l 12%.
RYE— sl 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI Tf.^l 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
$4 7504 B.; Bakers' extras. $4 5094 60 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3; Oatmeal. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4;
Hominy, $3 KKS3 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4;
Crackfd Wheat. $3 !>0: Farina. $4 GO; Whole
Wheat Flour 13 2": Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 25
BE 86; In sacks. 15 05496 45: Pearl Barley. $4;
Split Peas, $3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay was sthf, but there ■was no further ad
vance. Feedstuffs ranged the same.
BRAN— JI6WI6 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25-§26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2* 50029 50;
jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S©3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23' ci
24: Cracked Corn. $23 50®24 50; Chopped Feed.
$17® 18.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $19@23
per ton: Wheat and Oat, $IS@22: Oat. $17 r.o@
19 50; Barley. f17@19; compressed Wheat. $]'.«©
22: compressed Oat. jlfiiffH: Alfalfa, $11@13;
stock, $12@-13; Clover, $IS@l4.
STRAW— 3S© 4Sc per bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
Dullness still characterizes this market and
Beans are weaker.
BEANS— Kayos, $2 75@2 90; Small Whites,
1146@155; Large Whites, $140-0155: Pinks.
%2 26@2 40; Reds, $2^2 25: Blackeye, $2 40@2 50;
Batten ■' 40®l 60; Limas, tZ'rfl UH; Pea, $1 40
@1 B5; Red Kidneys, $1 85^2 per ctl.
SESBDS— Brown Mustard, $2 'o'ii'i per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $2ff2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary
Seed 2 1 - l f '«2 3 4c per lb: Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape.
2@2%c; Hemp. 3c: Timothy, su,c.
DRIED PEAS— Xiles, $1 4O@l 65; Green, $1 60
(gl 90 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
. Asparagus now sells by the box. and prices
are lower under heavier receipts. Peas, Rhu
barb and New Potatoes are also off.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, Ho7Oc; River Reds,
50@60c; River Burnanks, 50@65c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. 50@85c: Petaluma Btirbanks.
50© 65c; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l for Merced;
new Potatoes. 2®2%c per, Ib.
ONIONS— SI 70!fi2 50 per. ctl; cut onions, $1@
1 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 702 boxes As
paragus, 403 boxes Rhubarb and 299 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, s<@6c per lb for fancy, $1 50®2 per
box for No. 1 a.nd $lijal 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb,
50c(g$l per box: Alameda Green Peas, $2%®3c
per lb: Dried Peppers, 6@7e per lb: Dried Okra,
12% c; Cabbage, t»g"sc per ctl; Carrots, 25@60c
per sack; Garlic, 5©5% c per lb; Cucumbers. 50c
@J1 per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desslcated, 16@18c: granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 80c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips.
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern was received late in
the day. Local stock shows no change worthy
of note.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. MWSllc for Gob
hlpr-, and 12913 c for Hens; dressed Turkeys.
12<§14c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 250] 75;
Owllogß, |2 5093; Ducks, H©6 for old and
$7ife'» for youn«; Hens. {3 50f(f4 50: Roosters,
young. $6 5Cg 7 50; Roosters, old. $3 50<£i4; Fry
ers, $608 60; Broilers, $5 So@6 for large, $3 50®
4 50 for small; Pigeons. $2'g2 25 per dozen for
young and $1 556 1 50 for old.
GA M E— N om i nal .
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Barring an advance In store Eggs, which are
scarce and wanted, there was no change in
anything. Butter is rather easy again.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18@19c; sec- j
onds. 161U7%e.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 16@17c; ■ second !
grades, H'uir.c- per It).,
Eastern Buttor— lmitation creamery, 16@16%c; j
ladle-packed, l.Vrilfie per It).
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common I
to good. 7Mt@B%c; Cream Cheddar. lO@llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12»«{j13 per rb. _
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12!£@14c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12^@13c. _____ ■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Some idea, of the cold weather now being
experienced throughout the State may be j
gained by a perusal 'of the following temper- \
atures taken at 7 o'clock | yesterday morning,
fifty minutes after sunrise: Vacaville. 35; Win
ters. 38; Sulsun, 29; Martinez, 32; El Verano, ;
32; Santa Rosa, 30; Napa, 2S; Stockton, 84;
Sacramento, 34; Chico, 33; Gilroy, 27; San Jose, j
36; Hanford, 35; Tulare. 33; Los Angeles, 33. j
These figures tell the story of the frost. ..
Oranges are depressed and much lower, over
9000 boxes having been received during the past
two days. At the auction the following sales
were made: Navels, $1 03@l 65 ■ for choice, 60c j
@$1 10 for standards; Lemons, 50@55c.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
' Apples, 40@50c per box - for common. . 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy. >
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, *■ $1 25®
2 25; Seedlings,- 50c@$l 25: Mandarins. $l<j?l 50 !
for large and 40@75c for small boxes: Lemons, I
sO@7."ic for common and $l@l'so - for • good to |
choice: Mexican Limes, $4 50; California Limes, j
In small boxes, 40@60c; Bananas. $1 25©2 25 per |
bunch; Pineapples, $3(g>4 per dozen. :
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There is nothing doing and values are nomi-
B_L
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots, 3%@
4Vic for 40-50' 5,3i4@3%c for 50-60"8, ,2%@3Vic
for 60-70's, 2V 4 f5'2%c for 70-80's, 1?4®2%C ; for 80
90' B. l«i®l?ic for 90-100' s; Peaches. 2%@4c;
fancy, 4M;<gsc; peeled, 10@12M.c: Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7®"V>c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6?«@7%c; sun-dried.'
4@sc; Black Figs. In sacks, 2@2Vic; Plums.
4Vs®4?4c or , pitted : and 1©1& c for unpitted;
bleached Plums, s(j?s^;c; ; Nectarines, . 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2V6@4V4c for quarters
and 3© 514 c for halves, according to color, etc.
. RAISINS— l%@2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown, 3Vic for four-crown, 4^c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless , Muscatels and Jl@
110 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c. _
•- — Chestnuts • are * quotable at 5c per
It; Walnuts, 5®60 for • hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2%ig~3%c for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
406ttC for Eastern and 4MsC for California;
Pecans, fiVi'ffSc; Filberts, SH^lOc; Brazil Nuts,
8«?9e per rb; Cocoanuts. $4 Weft per 100.
HONEY— Comb. SSlOc for Tirlght and 6@7c
for Inwer grades; water-white extracted, 4%®
sc; light amber extracted, 3\@4V4c per It>.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per 1b for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, m%c for light,
lie for extra light and 12Vic for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10Vs@llc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef. $9 per bbl ; extra
jfiens do. $10; family do, $11@12: Salt Pork. $9;
extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18, mess,
$16; Smoked Beef, Il(gl2c per lb.
LA RD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5V4e per lb
for compound and Tc for pure; pails, T^c:
California tierces, B%C per lb for compound
and 6V 2 c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7»ic; do, 5-lb, Re.
rOTTOLENE— Tierces, 6H®6%c; packages.
ten than 866 lbs— l-lb pails. 60 In a case. S7,sc:S 7 ,sc:
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, h%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, 814 c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, %%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. ~%c: fancy tubs, so lbs net. 7<fcc; half
bbls. about 110 lbs, 7 ; ■■■ per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Prices of all descriptions were undisturbed
yesterday.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc und*-r the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9@9Vkc; light, 9c: Cow-
I hides. 9o; stags. 6c; salted Kip, <A 2 c: Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, 16©1«Hc; culls and brands, 13@13M;c;
dry Ki], and Veal. l3H®H',ie; dry Calf. 17V4@
194 c; culls. l«c: Goatskin?, W737" enrh: Kids.
6®loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c per lb,
medium. 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings. 20*5300 each: short wool. 40®70c each;
medium. 70f?!W; long wools, »oc@sl 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, SOSttc per lb; No.
2. 2'fi2'-ic; refined, oc; Grease. 2@2>4c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln. defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, Mille; free Northern,
12frl3c; do, defective. 0(gllc per lb.
HOPS— OId crop. 2®*c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
"Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, B%@7c; second quality,
sVi@6c; third quality. 4§sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6(g6V.c; small, 7(g7V>c per lb.
11CTTON- Wethers. 9c; Ewes, &V-><S9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. Wri'llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4V4'04%c for large. 4Vic
for small and 4',-iC for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3V4c; dressed Hogs. &f?6^c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington. $10 per ton; New Welling
ton. $10: Seattle, $6 30: Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
I $5 50; Wallsend, $7 50; Scotch, $10; Cumberland.
$10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock
; Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
ami Fine Crushed, 6^ic; Powdered, 6V*c; Dry
i Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
! nulia A. sVic; Extra C, 6M>c: Golden C, oc;
! Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, 5%c per
j tb; half barrels 14c more than barrels, and
j boxes hie more. •
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, March 23.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,130 Middlings, sks .. 640
Wheat, ctls 1,270 Bran, sks 800
Barley, ctls 435 Leather, rolls ... 109
Corn, ctla 1,000 Wool, bales .... 298
Rye, ctls 960 Straw, tons ..... IS
Cheese, ctls ,253 Quicksilver; flsk. 24
Butter, ctls 515 Hay, tons 306
Tallow, ctls 212 Hides, no 456
Wine, gals ...... 27.650 Pelts, bdls 2.932
Bean.-«, eks 432 Eggs, doz 18,510
Potatoes, sks ... 1,787 Lime, bbls 120
Onions, sks 67 'Raisins, bxs .... 200
• ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weaker yesterday, and
the best flpiire for Sierra Nevada was $1 50,
against $1 70 for the preceding day. The de
cline in the other stocks was less marked.
The Crown Point assessment falls delinquent
in board to-day.
The annual meeting of the- Tallant Banking
Company has been called for April 8.
The Bank of Commerce of this city has
elected the followtne directors: C. S. Bene
dict, William C. Murdoch, Thomas W. Wells,
H. A. Hornlein. J. A. Requa and R. B. Mur
doch. The officers are: William C. Murdoch,
president; C. B. Benedict, vice-president; R.
B. Murdoch, cashier.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. March 23—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. •' ■•->'■ Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 44 45%
!4s quar c0up.. 112 — Pac Gas Imp.. 87% 89
i4s quar reg..Ho — < Pac LCo 62 54
ils quar new.. 121% — S F G & E.. 89% 89%
Miscellaneous — ~ San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 55.1H%116 Stock Gas — ■ 15 •
Cal El 68 12..'/]) — Insurance —
C C Wat 55...102% — Firem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c. — 98'/. Bank Stocks —
B L & P .125% — Anglo-Cal .... 62 68
F & Ch Rv 6s. — 120 Bank or Ca1. .247 250
I Geary-st X ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 104
II C& S 5%. .100 105 First Nat 200 —
; L A L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A.. .130 —
I Do gntd 65.. 95 100 Mer Exchange— 15
i Market-st 6a.. 127 — Nev Nat 8...155 161
Do Ist M b5.114 114% Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Jer S & L..1625 1665
NTN T CNg Ry 75. 102*4 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
N* Ry Cal *5..111>4 — Mutual Say. 35 40:.
S' Ry al 55. .102% — S F Say U.. 455 500
;XP CR R «s.IM)4 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC R R as. lol — Security S B 250 -: —b :
i N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co.looo —
I Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55.. — 112 California — 110
■Om Ry Cs. — 129% Geary -.40 —
P & 6 6s — 110 Market-st .... 53% 5314
IP&Ch Rv 88.108 112 Presidio 4% 10
I Powell-st 6s ..117% — Powder—
I Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....115 —
Sac El«cßyss. — 100 E Dynamite... 84 —
SF& N P ss. — 106' i Giant on Co. 42 42%
ISPof Ar 65. .104 IO«J Vlgorit 3 3%
B P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
3PC Is eg 55.. — 99% Al Pac Assn.. — 99
! S P Br 6s 113*4 — Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 65... — 117 Hana P C 0... — 20
I S V Wat 45...102%103V4 H C & S Co.. 30% 30%
! Stock Gas 63.. — 103"/« | Hutch S P Co. 46% 46%
Water — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 57 62% I Nat Yin C 0... — 7%
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 57% 5S
Spring Va1....100%101 Pac A F L... 1% —
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 97% —
Cent Gaslight. 95% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL. Co — 13%
Morning Session.
5 Hutchinson S P Co 47 00
70 do do 46 75
43 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 25
Oceanic Steamship Co 5S 00
5 Spring Valley Water 10100
355 Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar....... 30 62%
150 do do 30 50
100 do do 8 30 30 37%
i 610 do do 30 37%
j 200 do do s 30 30 25
100 do do 30 25
200 do do 30 12%
Street—
50VIgorlt Powder 3 00
i Afternoon Session.
60 Giant Powder Con 42 00
$1000 S P of A Bonds 104 00
45 Spring Valley Water 10100
120 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 75
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 75
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 30 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
20 S F Gas & Electric, s 30 89 00
30 Spring Valley Water 10123
10 Oceanic Steamship Co, s 10 57 75
Street—
I 100 Hutchinson S P Co 46 62%
Afternoon Session.
70 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 50
25 Market-street 53 25
Street—
75 Vigorit Powder 3 00
I 25 do do 2 87%
I 40 Hutchinson S P Co 47 00
50 do do ...46 87%
50 do do 46 75
1 10 Spring Valley Water "!"!!'."!!"i"!l01 o6"
! 10 Spring Valley Water 10100
• :
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Choi lar 48 ; 100 Mexican 33
300 49 JOOOphir 44
300 Crown Point ... 14 \2W Savage 25
ICO Gould & Curry.. 20 i2W Sierra Nevada.. l 45
100 Justice 28 1 100 Union Con 43
Afternoon Session.
400 Alpha 07 : r.Oi Gould & Curry.. 19
100 Belcher 23 1*) Potosi 39
300 Chollar 47 400 Union Con 39
200 Crown Point ... 13
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 10 ' ROO Overman 10
400 Best & Belcher 31 500 Potosi 40
r«k) Bullion 093"0 Savage 24
300 Chollar 47 .".iK) Sierra Nevada. .1 :>0
800 48 &50 1 47^!
700 Con Cal & Va.. 77 1050 145
600 Gould & Curry.. 19 200 Union Con 44
600 Mexican 33 j700j 700 42
400 34 12001 200 43
500 32 j 1200 Utah 11
600 Ophlr 43 ,:iOO Yellow Jacket.. 29
Afternoon Spssion.
200 Belcher 23 MO Mexican 33
300 Choilar 47 300 Ophlr 44
<>00 48 200 Potosi 39
500 Con Cal & Va. . 7S 200 40
2rto 77 300 Scorpion 07
200 79 400 Sierra Nevada.. 1 4f>
300 Crown Point ... IS 200 Union Con 33
200 Gould & Curry.. 191400 40
MOB <fe N 1 324 1300 Yellow Jacket.. 29
300 Justice 26 j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, March 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 08 Justice — 27
Alta 16 17 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 10 12, Lady Wub .., — 03
Belcher 22 23 ' Mexican 33 34
Benton Con .. 20 25 Occidental 255 —
Best & Belchr. 30 32iOphlr 44 45
Bullion 09 10 Overman 09 10
ChoUar 47 4S Potosi 3S 40
Con Cal & Va. 79 80 1 Savage 25 26
Challenge Con. 25 28 LSeg Belcher ..03 04
Confidence — 13 — IScorpion 05 —
Con Impenai . — 01 ISierra Nevada. l 40 150
Crown Point .. 13 U (Silver Hill .... 02 03
Con New *ork. — 02 Syndicate — Of!
Eureka Con .. — 25 Standard 165 —
Exchequer .... — 06 Union Con .... 41 42
Gould <fe Curry. 1$ 1& I'tali 12 13
Hale & Norers.l 30 140 Yellow Jacket. 28 30
Julia 01 02
Builders Contracts.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co. (owners) with W.
T. Veitch & Bro. (contractors), architects Pis
sis & Moore. Fixtures, counters, cases, tables,
etc for first story in building on NW line of
Market street, 52:1% NE of Golden Gate ave
nue. S\V 62:1%. W 29:44. N 1<7:6, E 90, S 50,
W 25, S 25. W IS. S 25, W 21.
. ♦ .
THE BUTCHER AND HIS SCALES.
The time is near at hand when people
will take their own private scales to
market. The amount of cheating done
in a day is monstrous, the principal of
fenders being the butchers. Spring
scales are in general use all over the
city, with circular indexes and a re
volving hand to point out the pounds.
These "weapons of fraud" are invari
ably hung between the wall and tho
butcher, so that he can place himself
between them and the customer.
Max sold me a sirloin steak, threw it
on the scales and asked me how much
it weighed. I saw the hand fly to five
and a quarter pounds, and said It was
more than I wanted. "Look again," he
begged. The scales indicated four
pounds. "Look once more." Three and
a half. "How is it done?" I inquired.
"This steak weighs exactly three and a
half pounds," he explained. "Leave
the scales at rest and you can't be
cheated. But if we want to beat you
out of a pound or two for the boss we
throw the meat on the scales like this,
turn our backs to you, press down the
pan with the little finger, which you
can't see, hold the indicator for a sec
ond where we want it, and then let it
fly back, instantly taking off the meat
and calling out the price. Ninety-nine
people In 100 will never question the
correctness of the weight, because they
think they have seen the weighing with
their own eyes, and feel sure the butch
er ain't smart enough to cheat 'em."
"Suppose the one hundredth man
catches you?" I asked Max.
"Oh, that's all right," said this frank
German. "We don't mind that. We
apologize and lay it on the scales,
throw an extra piece of fat in with
his steak and take out a bone, and so
forth, to get him on our side."
A woman entered and ordered a
steak. "How thick, madame?" She
showed him. It was cut, the flank end
dressed down and nestled up against
the tenderloin. On the scales it was
thrown with a hasty, careless motion;
the little finger dfd its fine work and
Max called out, quickly reaching for
paper in which to wrap it, "Forty cents,
ma'am." She paid without protest, took
the bundle and departed, Max winking
at me in high glee. 'Couldn't cheat
her," he chuckled.
In Max's shop were three pairs of
scales. 'If I want to do a safe two or
three pound job for the boss," he in
formed me, "I use this little pair. See
how quick and active they are? Light
ning! Now you know all about the
cheatin', but I can fool you right now
on this pair, even after what I've told
you. Then, again, you see, the hand
goes to the left instead of to the right.
That beats anything you ever saw.
Not a man living can tell how much a
steak weighs unless he's dead on. We
had these made to order, but I think
there's a firm selling 'em to the trade
generally, carrying 'em in stock. They
shouldn't do that. It looks like stand
ing in with fraud, don't it? I wouldn't
do it."— New York Press.
PROPER WAY TO COOK EGGS.
The best way to "boil" an egg is to
never boil it! Put a quart of water in
a covered saucepan on the stove, and
when it boils furiously, lower into it
gently four eggs; remove the saucepan
immediately to a table, and allow it to
stand (covered) seven minutes if the
eggs are not more than a day old,
eight or nine minutes if a week old;
take them out and they are perfect, a
soft, even, yet firm jelly throughout.
To Poach— Have a rather deep spider
nearly full of salted water just below
the boiling point; break the eggs in a
saucer and slide them gently into the
water; when they have slowly jellied,
take them up carefully (to buttered
toast slices, if desired), trimming the
edges and seasoning lightly with salt
and pepner. To facilitate the taking
up (for which a pancake-turner is bet
ter than a skimmer) pour off most of
the water with care.
To Fry— lf not to be served with ba
con (when, of course, the bacon fat
would be used), fry in good butter, and
when the part next the pan is cooked
stand the pan on the upper grating of
the oven to finish, that no part may be
overdone.
To "Hard Boil"— Keep in water just
below the boiling point for half an
hour. — Ella Morris Kretschmar in
March Woman's Home Companion.
A good story is told about Lord Mor
ris. He and Lady Aberdeen once met
at a garden party in Dublin during
Lord Aberdeen's viceroyalty. "I sup
pose," said her ladyship, "there are not !
any home rulers here. Lord Morris?"
•'Only your ladyship and the waiters,"'
answered his lordship with a sweet
&mile and a polite bow.
GIVE SIGSBEE ANOTHER SHIP.
Captain Sigsbee of the Maine is a typi
cal American naval commander, cool, re
sourceful, pelf-popsessert and level-headed.
By his conduct on that terrible night in
Havana harbor, and by his words and ac
tions since the catastrophe in which he
was the central fipure. ne has endeared
himself to the American people. He
should have another ship, bigger and bet
ter even than the Maine. — Cincinnati
Tribune. ___________
THE CALI, C.-
March. I<!9S.
jsu. MO
i
6 7
JLJL
113 M
20 21
I 27 i 28
I
Tu. We
1 2
S »
i 15 IB
U 23
|
j a» j 30
We
2
a
Th.
3
10
17
24
31
Fr.
4
11
Sa.
6
13
/^T-Last Quarter
Vis. Mar. 14.
! New Moon.
i W Mar. 22.
: -» First Quarter
.9 M.ir. --.'.
Moon's Phases.
©Full Moon.
Mar 8.
23
28
l
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and i Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the : city front (Mission-street wharf) . about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MABCH-loUS.
Thursday. March 24
Sun lines '.;.". .'.'. « Ot!
Sun sets ........0:25
Moon seta .■ 9:09 P. M.
Feet Tline| IP< , At jTlme} IP<tAt lTlmel |i^, t
BiH Wl L W H W' iL Wl
25 1 0:45
2ti 1:15
21 1 1:48
2S 2:22
39 3:0«
80 4 :IR>
L W
31 0:14
1 12'
6.4 US
5.2 7:22
6.U 8:11
4.9 9:05
4.7 10:01
4.» 11:02
4.2 IV: i)
H W .
3.6 6:3U
2.2 1 X:59
U. 4
0.4
U. 4
0.0
0.7
OS
IV
4.1
4.1
0.4
M
1:201
2:14
3:15|
„ i-M\
li:10
7:35
8:1H
L W
12:51
1:36
4.. i «:ar 21
4.2| 7:111 2.fl
3.y 7:34 3.0
3.W 8:10 3.2
3.7 9:12 3.5
3.D 10:. '4 5.7
4.1
U W
0.9 5:42 4.a
O.'J 9.00 4.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tho
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the moan of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located Id the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
' r NavUra^r e s a re cordially Invited to visit th»
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
° The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at • Mar.
stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time cr giving the error, If any Is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the fol low
inc Aav "• B- rirori%h.
6 V'Y ' Lieutenant. U. S. X- in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce.U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
The 'time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at nnnn to-day— i. c., at noon of th«
120 th "meridian or exactly S P- T "J;-_.i7^ en "
wlch time. W. S. HUOHE3.
Lieutenant. U. S. N-. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
{STKAMEK.
Valencia
City Puebia.. .
Coos Bay ....
State ot cai.. ..
Homer
Willamette....
Wellington
Arcata
Pomona.
Empire
Samoa . -
Washtenaw
Proereso
Walla Waila....
Commoia
North Fora. —
Weeott
San Bias
Peru
Titania
Humboldt..
Santa Rosa
Zealandla
I Alaska
j Victoria and Pupet Sound
Newport
j Portland
Hnmbodlt •••••
Seattle • —
Departure Bay
Coos Bay _
San Diegro
Coos Bay-
JHumbolctt
Tacoma.
i Seattle
Victoria and Puget Sna. . .
Portland
I Humooiat
iHumboldt
; Panama
! China and Japan
Nan aim o
Alaska
Pan Dte*o
I Honolulu
I Mar 24
M-ir M
, Mar U
Mar 24
Mar M
Mar 2.i
Mar 25
Mar 25
Mar 26
! Mar 28
■ Mar 24
Mar 37
Mar 21
Mar 29
Mar 23
Mar 23
Mar 29
Mar 2i»
Mar »>
Mar 29
Mar 3Q
Mar 80
Mar 31
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination!
Sailh.
Santa Rosa San Dle*o |Mar 24. Ham} Pier 11
Weeott Humbldt Bay. I.Mar 24. hah Pier 13
Valencia... Alaska iMar 25. 3 Pit I
Coos Hay.. 'Newport Mar X, \> am Pier 11
State of Cal I Portland Mir 2<\. in am Pier 24
City Puebla : Vie A Pet SnU Mar XI, 10 AM Pier 9
Homer [Humbolat Mar 27. lv a.v Pl-r 9
Arena Coos Bay Mar -T. 10 a.m Pier 13
Pomona Sail U] ego Mar 2S, 11 Ay Plor 11
Colon Panama Mar 2S. Vi si PM S3
Samoa Uumboldt .... Mar 29
i.'oiiimm.v Portlana Mar 00. 10 am Pier 34
Norm Fork Huniboiclt. ... Mar BL '.»A>iPier 2
| SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
I * * ■ " " : -- - ■■ - - ■- ■ ■ *-• , r .. - .... - _ . -
ARRIVED.
"Wednesday, March 23.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 17 hours frrn
Fort Bragg, bound south; put in to land pass
; and take on fuel.
Stmr Cleone. Walvig, 16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, 22% days from
Panama.
Schr Newark, Beck, 17 hours from Bowena
, Landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, March 23.
Haw stmr China, Seabury. Hongkong and
' Yokohama; P M S S Co.
Br stmr Moana, Carey. Sydney and Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Aus stmr Burma, Mikulicich, Nanaimo; John
- Rosenfeld's Sons.
I Stmr Dirigo, Levinson. Seattle and Dyea:
Alaska Yukon Transportation Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
: Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Ship Geo Skolileld. Marshall, Labasha Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
SAILED.
Tuesday. March 22.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. Usal.
Wednesday, March 23.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Haw stmr China, Seabury. Yokohama and
Hongkong via Honolulu.
. Stmr Dirl?;o, Levinson. Seattle and Dyea.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson. -
Aus stmr Burma, Mikulicich, Nanalmo. i
Ship Eclipse, Peterson, Departure Bay.
Bark Gatherer, Slater. Tacoma.
Bark Aureola, Hughes.
Bktn Monitor, Turloff, Grays Harbor.
Schr Occidental. Brandt. Grays Harbor.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen. Blhlers Point.
: Schr Jennie Stella, Kreba, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Sorensen, Iversens Land
■ Ing.
Schr J G Wall, BJornstrom.
Pchr Mary Buhne, Weber, Tlllamoolt.
Schr San Buenaventura, Larnkilde, Gray*
I Harbor.  "VT ;." •
Schr ParkPrsburg. Nielsen, Coquille River. " T,
Schr Ida Schnauer. Nielsen, Fort Bragg. ' ...
1 Schr Joseph Russ. Petersen, Olympla- -.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
i POINT LOBOS— Mar 23, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity 8 miles.
• CHARTERS.
! The Bktn Addenda loads mdsa for Vladivo
i stok; ship Ccharmer, mdse for New York.
' The Kenilworth loads sugar at HIIo for New
< York: Oregon, lumber on the Sound for Adr f
laide, Els 3d. 'J;
SPOKEN.
; Mar 6—46 — 4 N 31 W, Br ship Ben Avon, from
! Oregon for Queenstown.
- Jan 22 — 22 S, Br • ship Loch Llnnho, hence
' Nov 6 for Mistley.
Mar 18—43 N 14 W. Br ship Falls of.Halla
• Ale, hence Oct 12 for Queenstown.
Feb 22— lat, etc. Br ship Ochtertyr©, frm
Oregon for Queenstown.
Mar 21—35 51 X 128 54 W. ship Wm J Roteh.
! hence Mar 14 for Port Townsend.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mar 23— Stmr Coqulll*
River, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Mar 23 at 1:55 p m—
Haw stmr San Mateo, from Comoz for Port
Los Anpeles.
SAN DlEGO— Sailde Mar 22— Nor stmr Peter
Jebsen, for Nanaimo; schr Sequoia, for Vie-
CObs BAT— Sailed Mar 23— Schr "Wing and
Wine, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed liar 22— Fchr Ethel
Zane for Port Townsend; schr Serena Thayer.
for Eureka; schr Maria E Smith, for Puget
Sound : Bktn Uncle John, for Eureka.
Arrived Mar 23— Stmr Jewel, from Caspar.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar Stmr Navarro, for
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mar 23— Schr Barbara
Hernster. for San Francisco.
• PORT LOS ANGELES— Mar Stmr
Mineola. for Comox: stmr Whitesboro.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 23— Stmr Samoa, no
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 23— Jap stmr Klnshu
Maru' from Yokohama: Br bark Falktrk, from
Victoria: bark Colorado, from Dyea.
Norte, for Dyea: stmr Rival, for Orca: Jap
stmr Kntroshima Maru, for Yokohama.
NEWPORT— Arrived Mar 23— ?tmr Laguna.
POINT REYES— Passed Mar 23— Haw stmr
San Mateo, from Comox for Port Los Angeles.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar 22— Bark Rufu3 H
Wood for San Francisco. _ .
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Mar 22— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco. - "■-■__
GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived Mar J^-gchr
Twilight, hence Feb 2S. 23-Schr C T Hill.
Sailed Mar 23— Schr awona. for Santa Ro
5£ EUREKA— Arrived Mar Stmr Homer, he •
Mar 21 „ tw~
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Mar 22— Schr Bar- r
bara Hernster, hence Mar 20.
EASTERN FORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 22— Stmr Finance.
1 for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 6— Ship Iroquois,
hence Fob 16: bktn John Smith, from Kahulul.
7— Schr Robert Searles. from Newcastle, NSW:
schr Albert Meyer, from Port Gamble. 10— Br
ship Western Monarch, from Liverpool: U S
stmr Benninffton. from cruise. 11— Bktn Irm
*ard. hence Feb 22. 13— Schr Win Bowden. frm
Westport. New Zealand. — Haw stmr Aztec,
from Kobe: Br stmr Belgic. from Yokohama;
bktn KliVitat. from Port Gamble.
Sailed Mar ft— Haw stmr China, for San Fran
cisco. 9— Bark Albert, for San Francisco. 10—
Haw bark Manna Ala. for San Francisco. 13 —
Schr Olara, for Knhuini. Sc.hr Inca. for San j
Francisco. To sail Mar lfi— Bktn Planter, for
San Francisco; shin S P Hitchcock, for New-
York: TT 8 stmr Baltimore, for target practice.
KAHULUl— Arrived Mar 9— Schr Jennie
Wand, from Panama.
Sailed Mar 12— Bktn Sharpshooter, for San
Francisco.
KAHULUI— SaiIed Mar 13— Schr Jennie
Wand, for San Francisco.
MAHUKONA— ArrivaI Mar 6— Schr Emma
Clanrtipa. from C.rays Harbor. .•
COMOX— Sailed Mar 21— Br stmr Wellington,
for Ssr Francisco.
SLlGO— Arrived Mar 10— Br bark Forfarshlre,
hence Sent 24. '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Mar 22— Ital ship Sal
vatore Ciampa. hence Nov 4. •
PRATVL* 7 : POlNT— Passed Mar 22— ship
Bothwell. hence Oct 1.
.TUSKAR — Passed. Mar 21— Br shin Clan Mar
farlnne. from Liverpool for San Francisco.
NF.WOASTLK. NSW— Mar 22— Schr
Liz7i° Vance, for Snn Francisco.
COLON — Arrived Mar 22 — Stmr Advance, frm
K»w York.  ■
SYDNEY— Arrived Mar 22— Stmr Mariposa.
hence Feh 25. .■•'..'• . ■
TA RTF A— Mar 1?^-Ger bark Marco
Polo, from Licceta.' 'or San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Mar 21— Br stmr Olym
pia. for Oregon.
• TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 23— Stmr New 1T
York. from. Southampton: stmr . Majestic from %
Liverpool: stmr Westernland, from Antwerp
QtTEENSTOWN-Salled Mar 23-Stmr Cepha
lonia, for Boston.
Arrived Mar 23— Stmr Pennland, from Liver
pool;
LIVER POOL-Salled Mar 23— Stmr Cuflc.for
New -York;- • - .
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Mar 23— Stmr Dresden,
for Bremen. .•■ : ■ „ . . • . -
GLASGOW— Arrived Mar 23-Stmr Ethiopia,
( from New York. • T*.HALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ONE MORE
ATTEMPT TO
BORROW COIN
A Little Note That
Harry Thomas Calls
a Forgery.
It Was Taken to Offi
cer Hamerton by a
Friend.
The Middleman Disappears at
a Time His Presence Is
Desired.
THE SAME OLD AMOUNT.
One Hundred Asked and a Hint That
It Would Bo Well In
vested.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 23.
The stories of alleged bribery In connec
with muniripai appointments which
LTed in The C&li many weeks hoi
hlch wore ridiculed In certain quar
ters are dally receiving corroboration at
the hands of the Grand Jury. »D.d In other
a afternoon Harry Thomas, son of
:.iyor, and secretary of the Board of
Public Works, would have been sum
. removed from office could City At
torney Dow have arranged a special meet
••. Hh City Engineer Clement.
And all this is the result of another of
ihe suggestive "little business transac
th.it Mr. Harry Thoi as has been
conducting with anybody who had money
•an," and who incidentally wanted
an appointment or promotion.
The Hoard of Police Commissioners met
this morning, and to the surprise of Mr.
Dow a resolution was Introduced by Mr.
■ appointing officer Quigley a de
tecttve. Mr. Dow objected, as there was
■>mmendati«>n from Chief Lloyd, and
the Mayor propounded the doctrine, some
time ago that no appointments should be
made without recommendation from, the
of departments. This morning, af
pause, Mayor Thomas seconded
nt'a motion, and, against Dow's
t, Quigley was appointed.
Then came the sensation of the day.
"I think things are getting pretty rot
:<>und this board. Harry, Is it a fact
you applied to Officer Hamerton
J-r f] Mr. Dow.
"I never did." said the secretary.
"You never applied in any way for it?"
"1 never did, in any way. "
"You never wrote a note to him say
■ g you needed $lw, and could help him
:: many ways?"
I deny that I ever wrote or signed
h a nute."
1 intend to look up this $100 business.
> know that the note purports to be
by 1!. W. Thomas.
\ii- having written such
noil."
1 will be glad if you have not."
■ Have you ever applied to any police
i ■ n for a loan?"
I have not. I borrowed from James
r. 1 wrote to him."
After this conversation" the board ad
■ >\ and the "borrowing" incident was
4 aed in the City Attorney's office.
f ■■•: Hamerton was present. Mr. Dow
him to produce the letter purport -
■ be signed by Harry Thomas. Ham
• rton'a note is as follows:
CHARLES: Find some one to loan me $100
■ ■ first of the month and I will be jrrate
»m In trouble and dnn't know where to
: help. You know I can make it up to
) v in more ways than one. Yours,
11. W. T.
The letter is written on a half sheet of
I paper, and if a counterfeit is ad
mitted to be a very clever one by those
familiar with Harry Thomas' handwrit
ing. Mr. Dow Bays he believes it Is not
mterfelt. Harry Thomas again de
nied positively that he had written the
'etter.
Hamerton is the man who it was
thought would Ffcure the appointment
of detective, which carries with it an in
creaea of $25 per month. It is also un
derstood that Chief Lloyd was intending
to recommend Hamerton.
Officer Hamerton told Harry Thomas
he did not believe his denial. "I saw
Harry Thomas leaving the City Hall on
Monday morning," said Hamerton. "The
man who afterward brought me the note
was with him. They walked through the
City Hall park toward Fifteenth street.
"About five minutes later the man who
■was with Thomas came into the police
office and asked for me. When I stepped
to the desk he handed me this note. After
I had read it 1 told the fellow to tell
Thomas that I was pretty well tied up
myself. He then left. I do not know
the man's name who gave mo the note,
but 1 could recognize him any time if [
saw him. He had a sandy mustache,
wore a derby hut and a faded overcoat
and seemed to be about 25 or 26 years
old.
"I wish to say that T was a candidate
for this position of detective, but I did
not propose to buy it by an advance of
r any other amount. If my record
•lolice officer is not good enough to
• promotion I do not want the
Another link to the alleged chain was
added this afternoon, when Officers Cur
tiss and Hamerton recognized the note
bearer near the City Hall. He was mv
ii.i into the police headquarters and
positively identified as the man, but he
claimed not to remember anything of
the note. His name is Robert McKen
z!e and he has been young Thomas' com
panion in the office for several months.
Harry says ho Wafl there because he was
anxious to learn how to manipulate a
J Sr. DoW took McKenzio into his office
and asked him to tell the whole truth in
the matter. McKenzie said he would,
but made an excuse to absent himself f..r
a few moments. Mr. Dow followed just
in time to Me McKenzie flying out of the
hall by a side entrance. He could not be
found later, and neither did Secretary
Thomas show up at his office this after-
City Attorney Dow would have called
a special meeting this afternoon to dis
charge Harry Thomas, but it was not
convenient to the City Engineer, so the
secretary is not yet removed.
In the presence of Officers Moore and
Ilamerton and two newspaper men
Mayor Thomas paid after examining the
letter: "It Jooks like Harry s writing.
It was carefully compared with the • writ-
Ing of the secretary in the official «ocu
inentß in the office and those present de
clared that the two were by the same
hand. , ' . . ,„
And while this was going on at the
City Hall the Grand Jury was busy at
the Courthouse, going back nearly a year
Into the alleged scandals that have held
up to contumely the present municipal
administration. .♦*,'„*
• Th" personnel of the witnesses that
were in attendance showed that the grand
jurors were probing the rumors connected
with the Mayor's appointments on the
Board of Health and the alleged sale of
*sitions on the police force. When
fayor Thomas made his appointments
Koo'n after taking office it became ap
parent that there was something brewing,
bo tlie doctors resigned as fast as ap
pointed. Then came the sudden appoint
ment and revocation of Dr. Stimpson as
City Veterinary, and his oft-repeated
story that a man named Hughson, an
employe in the Mayor's real estate of
fice, had "borrowed" from him about the
same time. . ;
Those subpenaed were ' Peter Garrity,
John A. Sands, Leslie Blackburn. Drs.
Rucker, Chamberlain, Brinckerhoff, ba
ton, Kltchings, Chief Lloyd, Policemen
McSorley, Paul Sthaffer ftnd H. K. Snow.
•♦ ■ —
ALUMNI ARE VICTORIOUS.
Defeat the Berkeley Varsity in a
Very Close Game on the
Campus.
BERKELEY, Marc.i 23.— The Alumni
baseball team defeated tho Varsity nine
on the campus this afternoon by a score
of 4 to 3, in one of the prettiest games
ever played upon the Berkeley diamond.
Baer, the third baseman on the Varsity,
played a magnificent game, more than
making up for his poor game last Satur
day, wnen a lame ankle and a sprained
wrist v.-ere largely responsible for five
errors. Bride at tirst also put up a bril
liant game. Both Kaarsburg and Moskl
man pitched in good form, each giving
one man a base on balls and Kaarsburg
striking out two men to Moskiman s
three. In the eighth inning Baer knocked
a home run and tied the score. The great
est excitement prevailed among the en
thusiastic spectators.
The complete score of the game is as
follows:
California- AB. R. BH. SB. Pp. A. E.
McLaren, 'b ... 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Baer. 3b. 4 2 2 0 0 8 0
Hook cf 4 0 10 3 0 0
Comks, if ."... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Bride, lb 4 0 0 0 16 1 1
Cheseborough, 1f.... 4 0 0 0 3 0 1
Kaarsberg, p 3 0 10 0 0 0
McCabe, bs 2 1 0 0 1 C 1
Matt, C _3 0 0 0 j! _0 J)
Totals 32 8 4 0 25 15 3
Alumni- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Elston, c 4 110 6 2 0
Wheeler, bs 4 110 112
Dunleavy, cf 4 1 1 1 2 0 1
Mertes Zb 4 0 0 0 3 4 1
££::::E:1 hi I » I ' 9
Bliss rf 4 0 2 10 0 0
Ireland. If 3 0 0 0 4 0 0
MoKe*. 3b 3 0 0 0 111
Mosklman, p 3 .0 0 0 _0 J
Totals 32 4 7 3 27 11 5
Score by Innings— 123*66789
California 0 0 10 0 0 0 2 0-3
Hits 0 12 0 0 0 0 1 o—4
Alumni 0 0 0 2 0 0 10 1-4
Hits i ..!". 0 0 0 3 0 0 2 0 2-7
Summary: Earno.i runs— California, 2; Alum
ni 2 Two-base hits— Kaarsburg. Three-base
hits— Allen. Home runs— Haer. Sacrifice hits —
Merles Dot] plays— McCabe to Bride. Bases
on called balls — Off Kaarsbursr. 1; oft Moskl
man 1. Struck out — Kaarsburg. 2; by Mos
kiman 3. First base on errors— California, 4;
Alumni. 1. Left on bases— California. 4; Alum
ni " Time of game — 1 hour and 15 minutes.
Umpires— Moller and Crow. Hcorer— Jackson.
Freshman-Sophomore Rush.
BERKELEY, March 23.— A "rush" be
tween freshmen and sophomores took
place about sunrise this morning on the
hillside northeast of the university
grounds. The freshmen had placed tne
number of their class, '"01." on the hill,
in accordance with the custom on former
charter days, and when the sophomores
Bwooped down upon them and attempted
to destroy their number a spirited out
good-natured tussle took place. The
frrshies were tied and their number was
destroyed. The sophomores early in tin
night had put their class number on tho
hill to the rear of the chemistry building.
The number was made of rocks and
cement, and the enthusiastic sophs spent
most of the night building it.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 23.— Next Friday
afternoon at 4 o'clock, at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art, San Francisco, Pro
fessor Elmer E. Brown will deliver the
■ f a series of throe university exten
sion lectures on "State Universities and
High Schools."
Professor Thomas R. Bacon will deliver
the second of a series of three lectures
on "Liberty and Authority" to-morrow
afternoon at 3:45 o'clock at the university.
In accordance with their regular cus
tom, the various Greek letter fraternities
of Berkeley kept open house to-day
(Charter day).
FOR THE ORIENT
AND AUSTRALIA
Two of the Mail Steamers tc
Stop at the Hawaiian
Islands.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mo
ana and the Pacific Mail Company's China
both sailed for Honolulu yesterday, and
as they are both powerful steamers and
very evenly matched they should make a
very pretty race of it to the Paradise of
the Pacific. The China got away shortly
after 1 p. m. and Is bound for Yokohama ,
and Hongkong, after stopping at the Ha
waiian capital. She took away a full
cargo and a number of passengers.
Among those in the cabin was Miss Jessie
Banks of the Pacific Heights School. Miss
Banks has secured a year's lea% f e of ab
sence and is going to spend har vacation
In Japan. China, Ceylon, India and Eu
rope. Captain Leale of the Caroline and a
whole host of her relatives and friends
were down to see her away.
Owing to a delay in the arrival of th>;
English mails the Moana did not get away
until 10 p. m., or nine hours after the
China. She took away a very valuable ,
cargo for Australia and New Zealand and |
a full passenger list. Among her cargo j
were 4053 cases of canned fruit, a large !
quantity of canned salmon, coffee, flour, i
beans, hops and broom corn.
For Auckland, New Zealand, she has 19
packages of machinery, which is com
posed of two 50 horse-power Union gaa
engines. These are for a twin screw
Bteamer that is to be used on the coast
of New Zealand in the frozen meat trade.
The schooner is to be over 300 tons bur- !
den and will be almost twice the size of
any gasoline schooner on this coast. The
people of New Zealand have tried the .
Union gas engines of a smaller horse- i
power before and were so pleased with '
them that the order for ti ese large ones '
has followed.
The schooner Dawson City was launch- i
ed from Stone's ways at Hunters Point :
yesterday afternoon. She is to be used ■
as a dredger on the Yukon River, and will
leave for her destination early in May. |
Captain A. yon Schmidt of the yacht
Whirlwind is to suil the Dawson City to !
! St. Michaels and will be the head of the :
: expedition. "With her false keel on the j
i schooner draws six feet of water, but the \
j keel will be removed and the dredging
plant put in place before she starts up
the Yukon.
The steamer Colon arrived from Panama
find way ports yesterday morning. She j
! brought 32 cabin, 47 steerage and 13 Chi-
I nese passengers. The officers heard of ;
■ neither wars nor rumors of wars in Cen- ]
i tral America and were very anxious to I
I get all the particulars of the Cuban
I trouble. The Colon was in San Jose de
Guatemala when President Barrios was
| murdered, but communication with the j
! shore was not allowed, bo the officers of
j the steamer could gain no information.
The ship Llewellyn J. Morse la still hard
and fast in the mud in Oakland. Four un
successful attempts have been made to
get her off, ancj after each attempt she j
seems to settle more lirmly than ever into
her soft bed. For a couple of days a
dredger was at work around her and yes
terday the tugs Active, Reliance and Sea J
King made the fourth attempt to move j
her. More dredging will have to be done i
or else the Morse will have to remain in
the mud until the high tides next month.
J. W. Hart, secretary of the Shipowners' |
and Merchants' Towboat Company, left
for Europe last night to enjoy a well
earned vacation.
The schooner Anna has been sold by the
Oceanic Steamship Company to the
Alaska Codfish Company and will shortly
start on a fishing cruise to Bering Sea.
A mistake was made a few days ago in !
stating that the Salvatore Ciampa made j
the record trip of the year to Europe In |
113 days. The Muskoka left here October
19 and made the run in 98 days, while the i
A. G. Royes and Vimeira made it in 104
and 107 days, respectively.
Murray & Beady Make Denial.
Murray & Ready, the employment
agents, deny that they purchased a letter
of recommendation from Henry, the ex
cook of the ferry steamer Tiburon. They
assert that .ienry brought them the let
ter of recommendation aftd asked them to
secure a good cook for Captain Lowell,
which they did. There waa no question
of purchasing the letter of introduction
and Parkinson only paid the usual fee.
THE SAN FItAN CISCO CALL, THIiESDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
ALAMEDA HAS
TWO ASPIRANTS
Her Big Delegation Is
Now Interesting the
County.
Rogers and Barber Cannot
Both Reach Their
Goals.
Auditor R. "W. Snow Intends to
Ignore Entirely Everything
but City Politics.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
008 Broadway, March 23.
"Alameda. township, forty votes solid
for "
Such is the cry that every candidate
likes to hear in a Republican County
Convention, for it means much. To con
trol the delegation is a double-ended ad
vantage, for Alameda township sends the
largest individual delegation to the con
vention, and can almost demand In conse
quence the support of every other delega
tion for her candidates.
Just at present Alameda is causing the
politicians much unrest, for there are two
candidates who are thoroughly in ear
nest, and each wants to control the dele
gation. They are Oscar Rogers, Chief of
Police, who wants to be Sheriff, and J. B.
Barber, who wants to succeed himself as
County Tax Collector.
A year ago Rogers announced his can
didacy and set about his campaign, and
at that time there seemed to be a shade
of doubt as to whether Barber, having
had two terms, would essay to secure a
third. Rogers seemed to be going along
swimmingly, till Barber commenced lay
ing his wires, and then it was at once
seen that there would be a lively struggle
for the delegation. A few days ago a
"J. B. Barber" Republican Club was
started, the first in the campaign, and
Rogers clubs are expected to follow. At
present the friends of both men claim to
be sure of hearing that "Alameda, forty
solid," for their favorite.
This contest on the Eneinal Is occupy
ing the attention of the whole county, for
no one cares to interfere in the interest
of either man, only to come out even
tually a loser.
City Auditor Snow, who has been asked
to get into the county light, or into the
State contest, for the purpose of helping
others to pull their political chestnuts
out of the fires which threaten them, has
made a positive statement that he is a
practical student of municipal politics,
and that he is not to be tempted to go
outside that sphere. As it is evident
that the Republicans will need a new
candidate for Mayor next spring this is
construed as meaning that Mr. Snow
would not refuse the Job. An effort was
made to induce Mr. Snow to run for State
Controller, but as this could only have
the effect of diverting strength from the
local gubernatorial candidates, its
purpose was too apparent, and
Mr. Snow did not bite. He was
then suggested as a likely candidate
to get Into the County Clerk's contest by
the opponents of Frank Jordan, but this
has also failed, and Mr. Snow will sim
ply be a spectator of politics till next
spring.
Warren B. English is announr-ed as a
candidate for a county office. He is the
Democratic ex-Congressman, and it is not
yet certain which nomination hi- wants
from his party, but probably Sheriff or
Treasurer.
GRAND JURY AT WORK.
All Physicians Named by Mayor
Thomas for the Board of Health
Subpenaed.
OAKLAND, March 23.— The number of
witnesses in Waiting on the "anxious
scat." aa the bench outside of the Grand
Jury has come to be known, has ma
terially increased. The standing and po
sition of the. various persons show that
the inquisitors are leaving no stone un
turned to get at the real facts in all the
rumors regarding the sale of positions
about th*> City Hall and the payment of
a regular stipend to keep their positions
by certain individuals.
Those under subpena for to-day's ses
sion included Chief of Police Charles
Lloyd. John A. Sands, Peter Garrity, D.
V. McCarthy, Leslie Blackburn. A. YV.
Deveraux. Dr. Q. E. Brlnckerhoff, Dr. H.
N. Rucker, Dr. N. 11. Chamberlain, Dr.
G. L. Eaton. Dr. J. T. Kitchtnffs, Secre
tary A. K. Snow and ex-Secretary Paul
Sehaffer of the Board of Health and
Officer MeSorloy. The physicians are or
have been members of the Board of
Health by Mayor Thomas' appointment.
EMERYVILLE POLITICS.
Candidates Who Will Seek to Serve
the Racetrack Town.
OAKLAND, March 23.— The town of
Emeryville will hold its second annual
election of local officers on April 11. There
will be no party tickets, but each candi
date will have to secure a nomination by
petition. Few candidates have put in an
appearance, however, and the only fight
em ems to be for the position of Town
Marshal.
James T. Gushing, the incumbent, is
opposed by his deputy, Morris H. Lane.
Both are well and favorably known and
it is to be a friendly fight. However,
each is doing all he can to win. The
other offices to be filled and those seek
ing them are: Treasurer, C. G. May
hew, incumbent, and James Billis, an old
resident; Clerk. John Coburn, the incum
bent and Postmaster, and Mr. Pierce,
formerly a clerk of the California and
Nevada Railway Company, and three
trustees, W. H. Crist ie, president, Wil
litim Fieldwick and John Doyle, the in
cumbents. The three have only one op
ponent, J. George Smith, who ran for
Clerk last year and received the same
number of votes as Coburn.
The new board will have the selection
of an Engineer, Justice of the Peace and
Town Attorney. Mr. Smith is now the
Engineer and should he succeed in his
desire to be a Trustee there is no other
man capable of filling the position now
living in the town. Thomas C. Judkins,
the Attorney, and Justice James Quinn
are sure of roappointments, having given
• •mini satisfaction in their official ca
pacity.
Will Share the Expense.
OAKLAND, March 23.— The Realty
Syndicate and the Board of Supervisors
have agreed on the maintenance of the
new Webster street bridge over the estu
ary. The syndicate's Alumeda line
crosses the bridge and the company will
pay one-eighth of the expense for five
years and one-fourth thereafter. The bid
of Cotton Bros & Co. for the building of
the bridge has been accepted, subject to
a few changes advised by the board's ex
pert, Arthur Brown.
Now Captain Mitchell.
OAKLAND. March 23.-Bailiff S. H.
Mitchell of the Police Court was com
missioned captain to-day by tho Police
and Fire Commissioners. He was ap
pointed as a special officer March 5, 1875,
and two years later was made a regular.
For several years he has been bailiff and
property clerk. The change in rank tfhrea
him $25 a month more pay, but he will re
main at his old post.
Napa Visitors Injured.
OAKLAND, March 23.— Misses Mary
and Delia Davis of Napa were run down
by a runaway team last evening and se
riously injured. The ladies were on the
crossing when Miss Mary was struck \>y
the wagon tongue. The team and wagon
passed over her prostrute body, but she
escaped without further injury. Miss
Delia received a bad scalp wound by be
ing knocked down, but how It waa In
flicted is not known.
A GOVERNMENT
FOR THE PEOPLE
Their Desires Should Rule,
Not Those of Of
ficials.
Merchants' Exchange Hears
More Reasons for Con
solidation.
Alameda May Be Left Out If They
Refuse an Opportunity to
Come In.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
cms Broadway, March 23.
Director J. F. W. Sohst of the Mer
chants' Exchange made a lengthy report
at the regular meeting last evening upon
the committee's work looking to a con
solidation of the city and county gov
ernments. His principal points are given
herewith:
Your committee can report that nine out of
ten of the property-owners consulted favor con
solidation, and we are approached on every
bide with such remarks as ', Keep it up, and
■We wish success to the movement, not only
by Oakland people, but also trom Berkeley.
Alameda and Piedmont people. ■
What the people cannot understand is
where there is such a unity of opinion in favor
of a consolidated city and county government
why there cannot be a law enacted at our next
Legislature to give them a chance to vote on. it.
In this your committee concurs fully, if we
take it for granted that this is still a govern
ment for the people, of the people, by the
people, and not for the officials, of the officials,
by the officials. Of this latter class we are
happy to say there is only a small minority,
but they ask us in a defying way what we are
going to do about it. and tell us we will never
accomplish our aim. This, if sifted down, Is
the real opposition to the project.
The Boa«i of Trade and Merchants Ex
change, as business men, have done and are
doing their duty. Now it becomes one or more
of our attorneys to come to the front and
give advice and act as pilot in order to steer
this ship up to and through the Legislature,
and a grateful people will do the rest. In
case of failure at the next session we should
have a bill ready for the payment of city
taxes.
If Berkeley and Alameda are not yet ready
to form a consolidated city and county govern
ment, which in the near future must come,
let them continue in the parrot imitation until
they tire, and instead of us asking them to
loin us. let them a*>k us to Join them. In the
meantime we must not be idle, but reduce our
expenses. _.»._•
Economy Is practical In every private busi
ness and corporation; why not let the tax
payers try a hand in securing the much
needed reduction? High taxes means high
Interest. •, ...
Let us Inaugurate our reform by dispensing
with some of our city officials. For Instance,
the city assessor performs the same work as
the county assessor; a city tax collector per
forms the same work as a county tax col
lector; a city auditor performs the same work
as a county auditor; and the City Council, as
a city Board of Equalization, performs the
same work as a County Hoard of Supervisors
acting as a County Board of Equalization, and
the taxpayers are compelled to repeat their
weary wait for the privilege of paying their
muncipal taxes, besides it Is a great detriment
to Oakland.
The reason for not having elbow room at
the City Hall is because we have the same
■work done over again, which has already been
performed by the county, and which not only
require* the officials named, but swarms of
deputies, to do what is needless labor, ad
above stated.
The State Gets us a good example in paying
th.- school money. It la not taken to the City
Hall; It is paid by the County Treasurer di
rect to the teachers at the county building.
Nobody hear? any complaint from the teachers;
they would much sooner Si there throughout
the year and set their cash than go to the
City Hall part of the time and get scrip. So
would every employe of the city, and such
would be the result with the reduced officer*
and deputies and unnecessary books and other
materials that the taxm* could be deduced and
we would pay cash to the remaining employes.
The large, commodious rooms at the Court
house and Hall of Records would meet all re
quirements, at any rate until our sister cities
are ready to Join us, and that time would not
be long when the taxes of Oakland would be
much lower than those of our neighbors. They
will then dispense with their double govern
ment and come down to business principles.
Reliance Minstrels.
OAKLAND, March 23.— The Reliance
Athletic t'lub will give a minstrel show
in the club rooms to-morrow (Thursday)
evening. The St. Paul's boy choir and
Reliance orchestra will furnish the musi
cal numbers of the programme. There
will be a quartet consisting of Harry
Thomas. George Davis, George H. <'arle
ton and Morris Jellet. George Beebe will
be the soloist. Among the performers in
the minstrels will be Jack Wilson as in
terlocutor, Hilly Hynes and C. B. Sloan
to handle the tambos and Clye Carman
and 11. Haxe the bones.
The Poundmaster Defeated.
AL.AMEDA, March 23.— Some time ago
Poundmaster Josephs had Samuel Orr
arrested on a charge of tearing down the
feme of the pound yard and taking some
Koraee therefrom. The case came to trial
to-day, and after the complaining witness
had told his story a motion was made to
dismiss, which Justice Morris granted.
There was not a particle of evidence to
sustain the allegations of the complaint
U\ any way.
Alameda County Coal Tested.
ALA MED A, March 23.— A test of the
coal from the Corral Hollow mines was
made at the electric light works in tMla
city last night with the most favorable
results. No difficulty was encountered in
keeping up all the steam that was needed,
While tne amount consumed compared fa
vorably with the usual quantity of the
imported arth-ie. An effort will he made
to induce the City Trustees to u«e the lo
cal product, as it is much cheaper than
any other that can be obtained.
Willard Memorial Services.
ALAMEDA. March 23.— Special services
in honor 61 the memory of the late Fran
ces Willard were held at the First Meth
odist Churcn in this city last evening un
der the auspices of the local W. C. T. U.
The church was beautifully decorated In
white, and a large audience was present.
Mrs. J. I). Jamison, president of the local
union, was the chairman of the evening.
Remarks were made by Key. J. A. Wick
ham, Rev. Dr. lirush, Rev. Dr. Richey
and Rev. Dr. Bovard and appropriate
hymns were sung. A duet by Miss Jack
son and Mrs. Mitchell closed the service.
The Republican Club.
ALAMEDA, March 23.— At a meeting of
tin- executive committee of the Repub
lican Club last evening, Preesident George
H. Payne tendered his resignation us
leader of the organization on the ground
that he could not devote the proper time
to the performance of the duties of the
position. It was decided to call a meet
ing of the club for Saturday evening next
at Linderman Hall to take action to fill
the vacancy.
Through to Sixteenth Street.
ALAMEDA, March 23.— Commencing
this morning the cars on the electric road
running between Alameda and Oakland
via Park street and Twenty-third avenue
run straight through to the Sixteenth
street depot in Oakland instead of stop
ping at Washington street, as they have
been doing. The trip is made In leas than
thirty-five minutes from the corner of
Park street and Santa Clara avenue, and
is a great convenience for Alameda peo
ple traveling on the main line of the
Southern Pacific.
Will Be Given a Vacation.
OAKLAND, March 23.— At a meeting of
the Market-street Congregational Church
to-night the officers recommended that
Pastor Rev. E. S. Chapman. D.D., who
has been elected superintendent of the
Anti-Saloon League of the Pacific Coast,
be granted two months' vacation, begin
ning April 1. provided he did not present
his resignation. This the church voted
unanimously to adopt and Mr. Chapman
accepted the compliment. He will go to
Bodega, Sonoma County, on the let to
address the Young People's Christian
Union Convention, being the Endeavorera
and Epworth Leagues of that county.
Next week he goes to Riverside and Red
lands, where there is to be a campaign
to keep saloons out. May 1 he is billed
for the State Sunday-school Convention
at Spokane, Wash.
The fee-simile >^2^ ,/*% MM _ J a? m "on every .wrapper
signature of (&a//z+&£3w of CASTOBIA.
ENTERS UPON ITS
FOURTH DECADE
State University Cele
brates Its Thirtieth
Birthday.
Regents, Faculty, Alumni and
Students Commemorate
the Occasion.
Professor Bailey Declares That the
Morality at the University Is
Deficient.
BERKELEY, March 23.— Regents, fac
ulty, alumni and students of the Uni
versity of California gathered this morn
ing In Harmon Gymnasium to celebrate
the thirtieth anniversary of the founding
of the university. President Martin Kel
logg presided over the meeting. Seated
with him on the platform were Regents
Bartlett, Phelps, Waymire, Houghton
and Mrs. Hearst. Professors William
Carey Jones, A. F. Lange, W. M. Mer
rill, E. J. Wickson, T. P. Bailey and W.
E. Rltter, President P. R. Thayer of the
Associated Students and President *'. M.
Warner of the Levi Strauss Scholarships
Club.
Philip R. Thayer, president of the As
sociated Students, was the first speaker.
He spoke on the subject "The Students'
Gift to the University." "Few of us," he
said, "will be able to advance the pros
perity of our university by pecuniary
generosity or by political influence, but
we can do our share to create a new col
leg*! spirit, a spirit thoroughly in conso
nance with the greater university, the
realization of which lias been guaranteed
by munificence of a benefactor."
Assistant Professor William E. Ritter,
president of the Council of the Associated
Alumni, followed with an address on
"The University: Its Graduates and the
State." In the course of his remarks he
said :
"The immediate aim of education is
the development of men and women.
Thore is no better way to further the de
velopment of a man than by dignifying
his vocation. To dignify the labor is to
dignify the laborer, and this is, as it
should be, an important feature of our
university Instruction. It finds expression
in the university extension, which has of
late become such an important part of the
university's work.
"I would wish to see among our alumni
a feeling that they owe a permanent duty
toward their Alma Mater, and that their
connection with the university does not
cease with their graduation. I would like
to see the expression 'graduation in the
university' take the place of 'graduation
from the university,' and the feeling
grow among the alumni, "Once a member
of the university, always a member of the
university.' "
Carl M. Warner, president of the Levi
Strauss Scholarships Club, spoke of the
good that is being accomplished in the
university by the scholarships annually
awarded to assist students in obtaining
an education. "Our great national demo
cratic educational system," he declared,
"is the result of an appreciation of the
principle that an educated citizenship is
a great reservoir of national strength.
The generosity of two of our benefactors,
Mrs. Phoebe A. Hearst and Levi P.
Strauss, has done much to realize an edu
cational ideal." '
Professor Thomas P. Bailey Jr., in an
address on "University Spirit," declared
that a greater college spirit, academic, so
cial and moral, is needed at the unlvfer
ultv. He strongly condemned a moral de
ficiency, which he declared exists in the
State University at present and manifests
lts.-lf in various forms of dishonesty.
"Painful as it is to say it," Professor
Bailey declared, "it is nevertheless true
that the morality of our university is not
what it should be. Lying and cheating
aro carried on in various forms, in the
senior classes as well as in the lower
classes, in spite of the strong condemna
tion which the students passed upon the
evil custom several years ago. Until this
evil is eradicated by the Joint efforts of
faculty and students we boast in vain of
our magnificent grounds and material re
sources. The thing can be done, and I
hope that by the time the next charter
day comes around some speaker may be
able to announce from this platform that
It has been done."
Regent James A. "Waymire made the
concluding speech on the subject "The
Utility of University Education. He
said, in part:
"There are still some excellent people
who refuse to acknowledge the utility of
college education. They declare that self
taught men are the beat educated, and in
support of this statement they point to
the examples of George Washington,
John Marshall and Abraham Lincoln.
These Instances merely demonstrate, how
ever that men of genius may achieve dis
tinction in snite of handicaps and disad
vantages. Who knows but that, had these
men been possessed of a university edu
cation, much time and effort might not
have been economized and directed to
ward even more productive channels?
"With a population of about 2,000,000,
California has in her State University
about 2000 students. That is, only one out
of 1000 of our population enjoys the ad
vantages of the university education
which the State offers. Yet if the edu
cation given to these comparatively few
be of the right sort, it will result in im
mense good to the body politic of which
the students are members.
"What we need most at present, con
cluded the speaker, "is more men with
intelligence to know their duty, and cour
age to perform it. University education
possesses true utility to the extent that
it realizes this ideal."
Musical selections interspersed the ad
dresses. After the conclusion of the ex
ercises many of the visitors took occasion
to inspect the university grounds and
buildings which were kept open for in
spection from 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
Jockey Hinrich's Trial.
OAKLAND. March 23.— The second trial
of ex-Jockey Hlnrichs is on the docket
of Recorder Quinn of Emeryville for to
morrow morning. Justice E. A. Lawrence
of Brooklyn Township will occupy the
bench Twenty-four talesmen have been
summoned, but as only nine of tlfty-six
were examined at the first trial it is
believed that a jury cannot be secured.
It is possible that a change of venue
will be asked on this account before the
case begins.
"Festival of Blossoms."
OAKLAND. March 23.— A meeting of
the Ceramic section of the Ebell Society
Will be held Tuesday afternoon next to
complete arrangements for the "Festival
of Blossoms" which the members have
planned for Saturday afternoon and
evening of April 2. It is to be an exhibit
of Japanese ware and the name ha-s its
origin in the Japanese gala demonstra
tion !n April each year to celebrate the
advent of spring. The young ladies be
longing to the section will be dressed in
Japanese costumes and will servo the
guests with tea.
FRINDLE GOT NERVOUS.
He Will, However, Get the Schooner
Which He Chartered From Van
Smith.
The warrant sworn out by H. M. Prin
dle against J. T. van Smith, general man
ager of the British Steamship and Yukon
Gold Dredging Company, has not been
served for the reason that Prindle got
nervous and made a mistake. The war
rant was got out in Seattle by Prin
dle because he thought Van Smith would
not fulfill his contract and produce the
schooner La Ninfa, which Prindle had
chartered. It now develops that Van
Smith has been here getting the schooner
ready but he did not notify Prindle of
the rea-son of delay so the latter look a
somewhat unwarranted step to recover
the charter money that he had paid.
Van Smith said yesterday that Prindle
had not been taken in and that the ves
sel would be delivered to him at once in
this city as called for in the agreement
that he has with Prindle.
Auction B'alce
I --.r .^•./- ". .- - ■ ■' -■ ■ - -" ■ * *• - " ' ' ' '"' *
?. • FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, -
Auctioneer ......602 Market Street,
• Will Sell
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, March 24 and 25.
At 11 O'clock Each Day, " , : C
No. 19 Stockton St., . Near Market,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE AND CARPETS
Contained in 136 rooms of the hotel known as
the "European." ■
Don't miss this sale. All must be sold re-
gardless of value. •
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.
Hardware merchants and . dealers In cutlery
nnd paints, please take notice that «n March
29, at 11 a. m., on the premises, 1011 Broadwr.y,
Oakland. I will sell at public auction the en-
tire stock of hardware, cutlery, paint and fix-
tures. This stock is new and well selected.
Mi. Cashmore is going to the Klondike imme-
diately. Stock will be sold as a whole without
reserve or limit; sale positive.
M. GERMAN. Auctioneer.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
il%fSte i ,fS <>-*"» KKABXY ST. Established
HF*7* < 'aß< I" l!*3l for the treatment of Private
W^ft. MR Diseitses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
qBfiB^QsKH) disease v.curing (ii i body and mind and
2lßaoS:*lk skin Diseases. The doctoreures when
Jfirap oth.M-sfall. Try him. Charges low,
rnrMirnaraiUwJ. ( Jail orwrite.
Dr. J. F. UIBBOX. Rex 1937. Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PHamailiV The S. S. " MOAN A
fjfcflHlr sails via Honolulu and
I*©,** 3 " B " Auckland for Sydney
Xi Ka -^JL^ Wednesday, March 23,
SfrMflTshinc) S. S. zealandia.
CylWllUllll/'-' or HONOLULU only,
- /nmR^DU* Wednesday. April 6,
VyiipdlWr*;. p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLQARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN South Africa.
J. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freigth Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ms, • ' Steamers leave Broadway
wIS^L wharf. San Francisco:
l»£}pr>»i"«* For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I&KK^^ March 2. 7, 12, 17. 22, 27. April
RSvgKj 1. Transferred at Seattle.
la^C^WCi] For Alaskan ports (from
f*l««P|»is4i Ppoar street wharf). 10 a. m..
March 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30.
~*<t Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New' Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7.
i» 17 22 27. and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry at Tacoma with
tm P Rv . at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
M lrch I™ 15. 21. 27. and every a ixtb day
For aft slnta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucoß. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Bav"ota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro T East San Pedro (Los Angeles^ and
Kpwiiort 9 a. m.. March 2, 6, 10, 14, 14, a, 2C,
SO and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fnprl (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
I^B Anaeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a^m . March 4. 8, 12. 16, 20. 24. 28, and every
"^EnsenadarMigdalena Bay. Ban Jo,* de»
rfbo Martian Altata. La Pa*, Banta Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (M«.), 10 a. m.. March 8.
AorW S and M of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
9 TICKET* OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
M GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen Arts..
GUUUAiiii.^ Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street at 10 a. m.
Cine .« 12 First Class Inclumng Berth
FAKE jcs Second Class and Meals '
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Ptate of California -Mar. j. 10, 18. M
ColuiTibia Mar. 6, 14, 12. su
Throueh Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Lipon Ap-
plication to Gonpral Agentf
630 Market at.
GOOD ALL. PERKTNS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantiqae.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <3fELff
by this line avoid both transit by «««"
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
rrBOUHGO^NE April 2. 10 a. m.
9 '^,^
LA O\"cOGNE April 23. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a, m.
Cr?MPAGNIE P GENERA^ PIy TR°ANSAT_AN-
TIQI'E, Apent. g g^ q _ orfc
No 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. Pan Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
F Bismarck.. ..April 28 A. Victoria May 2«
Columbia ...V.V.Majr 12 ' F. Bismarck.... June 2 j
NornTannia May 19 Columbia June 9
Fir™ Cabin $75 up. 2.1 Cabin $45 up. Rteerape $30
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria April 161 Pennsylvania. ..May 14
Patria ........April 2s!Palatia May 21
Phoenicia" May 7 Pretoria May 28
First cabin, $60 up: 2d cabin. $40: steerage. $26.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HFIIZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California st.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED \j? TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
inK through freight rates to all points on th 9
Valley Railroad.
• STEAMERS:
T C WALKER, CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Montlcello"
Mon.. Tues., i.tu., Thurs. ana Sat
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and — Mission Dock, Pier 2.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
For Sao Joss, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daiiy (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897. trains will nut _•
follows : '_ ,
". Southbound. ' ] Northbound
Paßsen- Mixed qt ,, lon . Mixed 1 Passen-
ger Sunday | stauon9 -i Sunday I ger
Dally. Kxc'p'td. ■ Exc'p'td Daily.
7:20 a.m. 0:00 a.m. Stockton 3:43 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
11:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. S:iip.ta
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:20 p.m
11 .40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford .:45 a.m. l:lop.m.
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Visaiia 6:40 in. 12:40 p.m
[ Stopping at intermediate Po lnts when require!
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats at
C. ■ N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily;- at Merced with
stages to and. from SnelllnKS. Coulterville. etc.;
also with stave for - Homltos, Marlposa. eto.:
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. V^HJv!
From San Francisco,' Commencing September
. . i 19, 1897. • ■
■ . . WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:2s. *9:>a,
i 11:30 a. m. ; »1:45. 3:45, »5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael—^OO. •19.0*
•11:30 a. m. : *1:15. 3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m. ■
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. . .''
-25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m,
Sundays for. Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
' • (Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13, 1597: . . vf-wf ;.'-■;
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.;' T ; .
THOU. COOK & SON. Agents. 621 Mark**
street. Ban Francisco.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
SURREYS, BUGGIES, WAGONS, CARTS,
HARNESS, ETC.,
At our salesrooms, 222 MISSION STREET.
SATURDAY, March £6, at 11 a. m.
We are Instructed by the manufacturers to
sell the entire consignments, consisting of 100
Buggies, Carriages, Spring Wagons. Carts,
Harness, etc. Two carloads just received.
These vehicles are of the best workmanship,
latest styles, nicely painted and trimmed and
the choicest stock that has been offered at
auction in this city.
• Be sure to attend, for It will be a day of
great bargains.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit.
ALLISON, NEFF & CO.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■OCTUEBN l'At'll'lC COJIPAST.
(PACIFIC rtVHTEM.)
Trains let>T« nuil are due to «rrl»» M
«AN !I!«MIMU. . , ;, . \
*> (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) *■-■
UAYK — Fhom January 1. 1898. — AMtnnt
"•6:00a Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... ! 'JiJ A
7:00 a Benlcia, Suisun »nd Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
• 7:00 a Marvsville, OrovlUe and Redding via
Woodland » : «' .
7:OOa VaoaTUle and Kuirsey 8:43r
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo, Napa, .
Calistoga and Santa Rosa fctlor
8:00* Atlantic Express, Ogden and liaat.. 8:*3 I
•iUOa Niles, .San Jose, BtocUtou. lone,
Sacramento. Marysville, Culco,
Tehama and Keil Bluff i : !«"
•»:30a Peters, Mißon and Oakdale "7iSO»
B:OOA New Orleans K»presa. Merced, Ray-
mond, l'reano, ISakerslJelil. .Santa
Uiirbara, Los Angeles, Deming.
•El l'aso, New Orleans and East. oi43s
Vallejo. Martinez. Mercod and
Fresno 'J' l3^
•HOOp Sacramento Ulver Sto»nieni *l»:OOp
l:O»r Nilcs, Ban Jose and Way Stations.. J9:l»a
1:3 Of Martinez and Way Stations 7:45P
J8:00i- Livennore, Mendota, Uanford and
Viaalia -■•• 4:15:.'
UTeraiore, San Jose, Nileaand Way .•'■__
Stations :i«ll»\
«:»0r Martinet, Ban ltanien, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verono ana
Hanta ■«*»* .
«i««p Benida, VacavUle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrille. Oro-
•*» villa and Sacramento I»1«A
4t*or Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7»lop
4:8 Op Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojavo (for lUndiburg),
Santa Barbara and Los Augoloa.. 7i4OA
4tX«p Santa Vu Itcuto, Atlantic Kxpress
forMojare ami Kost. ««43f
«S:3of " Sunsot Limited." Los Angeled, SI
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East... |l«tlS«
VStSUP " Sunset Limited Annex," El Pmo, t
New Orleans and East |10: 15 a
«ioor r.uropean Mall, Ogden and Halt.... B: *2 A
6:«0l> ]I:iy»aiil». Nilcs and Ban Joie «i43a
)B<oo Vul lejo 17:48*
8:00? Oregon Kxprcss, Bacrameuto, Marjra-
ville, Jloiltlliig, Portland, l'uget
Sound ami Hast 8«15A
' SAM LtA.M»U(» AM) lIAVWAUUS LOCAL.
( Foot of Market Street.)
{*6:0Oa~1 : ~ 7 7:1 nT
8:O«a Melrose, Seminary Park, *!S r !3t
iS ! S2a Fltcl.b»r ,Elml.»™t, illisi
• 1 1:00 a San Leaiiuro, South Sao. ' *?i% T
»«*•««« . Lwindro, Kutodll^ jsllsj
iuVoop Lorenro, tUerrr I <ilis'i l i5'
.l-mtp I 0:43P
i;««°p »i i.«;
*£. H.yw.rd«. . -;«J
8:00? i ihtjjg through to NUM. ihS-tiil
9:OOp ; From Niles. .»;2:;,S£
COAST IUVISION (iNarrorr Gauge).
_ (Foot of Market Street.)
■«i!>A Newark.Centervillo.Han .lose.Feltpn,
IJouUlcrCreek.SanUCruzandWay
Stations..... ••• • • {••■•»
•SilSp Newark, Centerville, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. IJoulder Creek. 6
»; Bauta Cruz and Principal Way _ -
Stations 1 ."Si* 1
•ilSr Newark, Han .lose and Los Gatoe . . . •:»• a
♦11:45p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose ana
■ ' Way Stations t7t»oq
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mil SIR mHCISCQ— Foot of M«rktt Streat (Slip 8)— -
•7:15 9:00 ll:0(U.lf. +1:23 *2:00 t3:M
•4:00 t5:00 •6:00f.M.
rromOiSUHß— Foot »r Broadway .—'6:oo 8:00 10.00
tl2:00 *l:00 13:00 *3:00 tI:QQ *8:0Qr.l««
"~~ COAST DIVISION 1 Broad Uauge).
(Third and Townsend St 9.) ;
. 6i05/vSan Jose an.l Way Stutlouo (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) •»»*
•:»«A San Jose. 'l'ros linos, (Santa Cruz,
Pacllio Grove, l'aso Iloblei. San
I, ula Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations i : 15*
I«:4Oa Sau Jose and Way Stations 2*2?*-
11:30* San Joae auil Way Stations 8:35*
•8:3 Op San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Santo Clara, San .lose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Tacilio Gro»e # 10i4©4.
«lt:lSp San Joso and Principal Way Stations •0:00*
•■lilSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:4,» \
•ssOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations li3of
5:30r San Joae and Principal Wsy Stations 5:8 Op
fiiiior San Jose and Way Stations 7:itOr
411845p San Jose aud Way Stations ii2VV
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays onljr,
f| Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights onlj.
5 Mondays and Thursdays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays. . _
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot ok' Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 11:15.
. 8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. '
eUNDAYS-«:00. 9:», 11:00 a. m.: 1:M. I:«L
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. tn.j
11:45, 3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
6TJND ATS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: l:Ml »:*a.
s*oo 6 25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuettea Par*
same schedule aa above. _ __-
LoavQ 1 fm * Arrivo
San Francisco. Ont U San Franclaao.
"^T^] Dcßt^tion ; ;7«f_
7:80 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato, 110:40 a.m.) 8:40.vm.
8:30 p.m. i» :3oa.m. I Petalnma, : 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
b :10p.m. 5:00p.m. ' Santa Rosa. I 7:35 p.m. I Q-.Sip.tn.
Fulton. _
7 -30a.m. - Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
G«yservtllo,
7:80 p.m. S:f)O».nj. Clovcrdale. ' 7:85 p.m. B:2>p.m.
■ I lHopland and I
7 18 00a.m. I Uklah. I 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
1 :30 a.m. . . 1* ~ T~ 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guerneville. ! 7:86 p.m. j
8:30 p.m. I ■■■ [ 6:22 p.m.
1 30a m. 8 :00 a.m. Sonoma 1 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
610pm. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. | «:10p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:EOa.m.jB:Ooa.m.) sebaatcnoL ' | 1 9 : *9a-m-|10:25a.m.
3 :30p.m. 1s. •00p.m. 1 ss e t)a9tc PolP o1 - | 1 :35p.m. | 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprings; at Geyserville for Skaggs Spring*; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyyllle. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklan for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lake*,
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Pomp. Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley-*. Buck-
cell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville BognvlUe.
Orr"s Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort
B s!ufi'rda V y !f to M6nday 'round-trip ticket* at r»-
A> On d Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronlela
bU A d wf FOSTER. & X RTAJT
Pre*. and Gen. Managr. Pen. Pa—. A«t.
|f==Esll] CALIFORNIA
;^^^p|f|: LIMITED.
j^^^mf^^Ji SAN FRANCISCO
jHjHJfljfeWll CHICAGO.
. Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. . ■.
DINING CAR, .
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
HI days to Chicago. 4Vi days to New. York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves telly at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time.. Direct 'connection In Chicago ana
Kansas City for all Eastern points. ■
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland .of flee. > 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
S&uLa Ckua. street
1314
BRIAR SWEET
SCORES AGAIN
Led Joe Ullman Past the
Stand in the Mile
Handicap.
Tame Sport, in Which the
First Choices Fared
Well.
Corrigan Horses Took Both Maiden
Events— Maud Ferguson Again
Returned a Winner.
The mile handicap was the only re
deeming feature of the card at Ingleside
yesterday. Aside from this one event,
the menu served was a very tame one,
and aroused no enthusiasm from the
small crowd present. Favorites displayed
good form, taking four purses.
In the mile handicap, captured by the
9to 5 choice. _riar Sweet, ridden by
"Skeets" Martin, the Corrlgan entry, Joe
I'llman, looked to have a strong pull in
the weights, when his recent fine form
was taken into consideration. A four
year-old, he was assigned 109 pounds,
■while Briar Sweet, a filly, and one year
younger, was asked to pick up 107. The
latter was In front from the start, and
when challenged in the home run by the
Corrlgan horse, shook him off and won
cleverly by over a length in l:40& Recrea
tion, which opened equal favorite with
the winner and receded to 5 to 2, finished
In the show.
Ed Corrigan started in the day by win
ping the opening live-furlong scramble for
maidens with Daisy F, a filly by Riley
from Modi-sty. She was backed from 4
down to 2}*> to 1, and, taking tne lead in
the stretch, won handily from Hohenlohe,
the second choice. After making most of
the running, Hertha was nosed out for
the show by Tori bio.
Ed Purser's mare, Scarf Pin, with
Bloan up. carried the wise money to win
the six-furlong sprint following. Sent to
the post a 6 to 5 choice, she was outfooted
from the start, never proving dangerous.
Fortunate, piloted by Conley, made all
the running, and at the wire gained the
decision from the weakly ridden McLight
by a nose in 1:14%. Rubicon, pounds the
Lest horse in the race, was a close third.
Corrigan took the second maiden event
at five and a half furlongs with Sardonic,
a daughter of Morello. The filly was a 6
to 5 favorite, and overhauling Oahu tne
last hundred yards, scored by a length.
Twinkler, the second choice, handled to
poor advantage by Clayton, ran a bad
third.
The two-year-old purse fell to Garnet
Ferguson's smart filly, Maud Ferguson,
again ridden in splendid fashion by
'"Skeets" Martin. T ring laid 4 to 1
against her chances, and she led from the
time the barrier was released, downing
Formero, the second choice, two lengths.
.Ach took the small end of the coin. Tne
winner covered the four furlongs in M!*'*.
The last race of the day, a mile selling
run, went to Barney Schreiber's gelding.
Dr. Marks, the even money favorite. Ed
Gartland led his field for six furlongs
Where Martin began moving up with the
favorite, and in a hard drive got the ver
«iict by a head from Watomba.
TRACK ITEMS.
Fred Cowen and the majority of the big bet
ters .si.rinkled their coin about the ring on
Scarf Pin. Purser's pood filly broke down in
the ra<», anil it is doubtful if she is seen at
the post again.
The death from consumption of the well
known follower of the turf. Lee Connor, was
regretted by al! who had the pleasure of his
acquaintance. Gifted by nature with. a cheer
ful disiKJSition. he harbored 111 feelings toward
D n ne. and a good fellow has gone to rest.
The race of Kubicon was a repetition of the
old, old story. With a modern rider In the
saddle the chestnut horse would have won like
chopping up so much kindling wood. Joe Nar
vacz was once a most valuable boy in the sad
dle, but staying up at nights to hear the town
clock strike the hour of 12 on too many occa
sions has dulled the fine finish that once was
his.
The probable starters in the California Derby
to lie decided at Intrlemde on Saturday are:
Linstock. 119, Conlgy; Traverser, 122, Thorpe;
Nanamax, 117, Clawsun; Morellito, 122; Fonso
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleside Track-123d day of the
* Winter Meeting:, Wednesday. March 23. 1898. Weather fine,
Track fast.
... Daisy F 11l
768 Hohenlohe 116!
... Toriliio 113!
722 Hertha llli
TV' Aprona Ill;
716 <'<kturuck 100;
759 Bonita X 105
... Savanosola 11l
716 Lona Marie 107}
723 Texarkana 116,
758 Deserette 111.
572 Defiant llSj
320 Algorta Ill 1
. . . Maxlnne 113]
i 7
■ 1
' 8
i
t
3
1 4
11
6
12
M
13
10
•••
7 1%
5 %
3 h
1 i<4
8 '4
• 2 h
9 %
10 2
4 1%
12 1
6 1
14
11 3
13 4
...
3 h 1 hi ■
6 2% 2 2
,2h 3 h
11% 4 2
7% 5 h
4 % 6 4.
9 1 -71
10 1 8 %
51 9 %
11 1 10 10
8 1 11 1 -
14 12 1
12 1 13 4
13 2 :Jl4'A--:
;«ennessy
Clayton
Ames
I Van Kuren...
IStevens
Conley
McDonald ...
3
5-2
10
10
5-2
4
20
20
20
20
6
10
4
15
Enos
Q. Wilson
McNichols ...
Shields
Tubervllle ...
H. Martin....
J. Narvaez. . .
Time. 1:02%.
three drivine.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's eh. f. by Riley-Modesty.
Good start.
Won
OO SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
721 Fortunate, 4 10814 ... In 1 % 1% In IConley 4 4
76S McLlght, a Ill) 5 ... 3 1 2 % 2 1 24 |H. Martin.... 5-2 4
771 Rubicon, a 123j 2 ... 5 % 4 2 4% 3 3 ij. Narvaez... 7 5
729 Pat Murphy. 6 10* 3 ... 2 % 3*4 31 4h Clawson 20 60
(707) Scarf Fin. 4 103 1 ... 4h 6 3 5 3 5 5 T. Sloan 1 1
745 Amelia Fonso. 5.. ..106' 7 ... 6 3 514 6 6 6 4 Gray 15 40
739 Alma, 4 103, 6 ... 7 7 7 7 McDonald ... 40 100
Time, 1:11 V«. Winner, B. C. Holly's br. c. by Fonlham-Fortltude. Good start. Won first
three driving.
I
a
1 n
3 1
5 hi
2 V*
4 h
6 3
'*f: 7 --.-. '
1%
2%
4 2
3 %
6 3
5 %
1 %
2 1
4 hi
3 1
5 3
6 6
. 7 ■
1 h
2 '4
3 3
4 h
5 5
6 4
7
oniey
I. Martin....
. Narvaez. . .
'lawson
'. Sloan
iray
IcDonald . . .
84.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling;
$350.
; purse.
... Sardonic 11l
722 Oahu 109
761 Twinkler 114
«74 Niiliau 109
758 Muldrew lU9
6"7 Himera 109
526 El Roca 106
72:! Royal Xan 109
II
I
' 4
7
I 2
2 h
1 2
7 1 -
5 V 4
4 %
8
6 h
3 h
2 %
1 2
3 U
7 1
5 %
6 2
8
4 h
2 3
1 1 ,
3 4
6 1
4 %
7 1
8 .
51
1 1%
2 7
3 2
4 %
6%
6 2
7 3
8
tT. Sloan
j Clawson
[Clayton
Ames
1
8
2
12
20
10
15
6
6-5
12
2
20
20
10
15
12
Dorsey
[Conley
Gray
H. Martin....
H
Time, l:0S%. Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. f. by Morello-imp. Sardonyx. Good start. Won
flrot three driving.
'J'OCS FOURTH RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
(760) Maud Ferguson — 110; 3 ... ... 13 12 12 H. Martin.... 4 7-2
<7:><i> Formero 113 j 7 ... ... 6 1 4 2 2 1 Clayton 3-2 13-5
6>B Ach 113 i 5 ... ... 4 2 5 2 3 3 T. Sloan 3 7
... May Street 113 : 4 ... ... 2 3 2 3 4% Conley 6 8
6.18 Obsidian 1131 G ... ... 5% 6 2 5 2 Thorpe 2 2
718 Primavera 110 2 81% 3h 6 3 Hennessy .... 6 25
74- oralbee 110 l 7 J __]_ Mclntyre .... 10 13
■ Time. :49i 4 . Winner. (J. T. Ferguson's b. f. by Prince Royal-Blue Hood. Good start.
Won all out.
4 7-2
3-2 13-5
3 7
6 8
2 2
6 25
10 15
Ofi FIFTH RACE— One mile; handicap;
purse. $500.
(771) Briar Sweet, 8
(770 Jne TMlman, 4
<74'<) Recreation. 3
(7.".:1 Scarborough, 4
(679) Mortnel. -1
[771) Briar Sweet, 3 107 1 5 12 12 IH4 n 1 IV4 H. Martin.... 3-2 9-5
771) Jw I'llman, 4 109! 2 2 ',4 21% 2 % 2h 2 2,4 T. 510 an...... 3 3
740 Recreation. 3 ins 3 3 1 3h 3 2 3 3 2 4 Thorpe ' 3-2 5-2
173) Scarborough. 4 104 4 4% 6 4% 42 45 Clawson 10 12
.;t:m .Mcnnel. » 98 1 6 4 2 5 5_ _5 Wood* | 8 15
Time, 1:40%. Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.*b eh. f. byTmpTsir Modred-Sweet Brier.
Good start. Won cleverly.
5
2
3
4
1
1 2
2 ',4
3 1
1 2
2 I>4
3 h
6
4 2
1 m
2 %
3 2
1 1
2 h
3 "
4 2
5
1 1%
2 2%
1 4
4 5
6
OJ SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Ddex. Horses. Weight. -St. %m. %m. «im. Str. Fin. |
%m.
(775) Dr. Marks !
(7f.3) Watomba I
762 Gotobed
(640) Ed Gartlanii 1
727 Daily Racing Form.:
3
2
1
4
5
4 h
E
3 h
1 2
I 3
4 2
I*
1 2
2*4 '
3 \k
i %
4 1
2 1
1 li
3 h
4 1
5
1 h
2 2
3 S
4 3
5
r. Martin....
'. Sloan
'lawsun
iclntyre
rray
4-5
4
4
6
12
1
6
3
\ "5
30.
Time. 1:42';. Winner, B. Schrelber's c. by Sir Dixon-Belle rainier. Good start. Won
first three driving.
vannah, 122: Toreida, 117. H. Martin; Borgia,
112, Clayton, and Bitter Root, 122. C. Sloan.
TO-DAY'S ENTRItS.
First Race — Three-quarters of a rnlle;
ing.
... Dutch Valet ....114 722 Durward 11l
740 Eakin 11l 6Sti Rockefeller 11l
740 Justine 10j 747 lialaela 109
722 Sleepy Jane 109 i 740 Merry Boy 11l
... Sliver Knight. ..lll! 656 Salas 11l
maidens.
Second Race — Three-quarters of a mile; sell
696 Hermoeo 103 746 Prompt o 103
738 Free Ij.uk »S 773 Break o" Day... 105
753 Little Alarm.... US 7£4 Good Friend ... as
753 Valencienne 9S 757 Blarney 5t0ne. ..103
763 Abina 9S 781 Har. Thoburn...l»7
(73!>)Ollve 107 <773) Queen Ntil.iu. ...105
761 Moringa 100 (76f)MontaJlade 109
777 R. Q. Ban 112
Third Race— Nine-sixteenths of a mile; two
year-olds; the Androus Stakes; value, $1000.
776 Reina de Cuba. .los (Ksb)Milt Young 121
756 Olinthus 118 1 77C Sombre 115
766 Humidity 1151
Fourth Race— One mile; purse.
740 Zamlock 11l 773 Stentor 107
763 McFarland 11l ... Salvation 114
77:: Captain Rees ..111 773 Schnltz 114
740 Jack Atkins ....111 770 Ver&gua 11l
67S Sylvester 11l 773 Florimel 105
740 Rebekah 105 779 Claudius 114
779 Tulare 107 ... Zaraida 103
... Mlrambo 114
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing.
755 Argentina 107 443 Buckwa 108
755 Flashlight 11l 769 Myth 105
777 Cabrlllo 107! 774- Song and Dance 104
Sixth Race — Seven-eighths of a rnlle; three
year-olds.
775 San Venado 117: 771 St. Calatine 100
690 Wood ford Filly. loo (778) Lord Marmlon..ll7
... Candle Black... 105 76S Rosormonde ....100
775 Applejack 105
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Rafaela, Justine, Merry Boy.
Second Race— Harry Thoburn, Montallftde,
Good Friend.
Third Race — Milt Young, Humidity, Sombre.
Fourth Race— Salvation, Tulare, Mlrambo.
Fifth Race— Buckwa, Flashlight, Oabrlllo.
Sixth Race — Candle Black, Lord Marmlon, St.
Calatine.
FOREIGN GOODS
IN FALSE GARB
They Compete With Superior
Products of American
Make by Imitation.
Collector Jackson Instructed by the
Secretary of the Treasury to
Protect Home Manufactures.
The Treasury Department notified Col
lector Jackson yesterday of its interpre-
I tation of circular No. 31 concerning im
! ported goods bearing the names of Araer
| lean manufacturers. During the past few
I years a considerable quantity of cutlery
! and other goods manufactured abroad
j have been shipped into the United States
j bearing fictitious brands, tending to in
duce the consumer to believe that they
were of American manufacture. This
! is cited as an illustration of the fact that
j In certain lines American manufacturers
excel the foreign. The circular received
: yesterday by Colonel Jackson is as fol
; lows:
Cutlery bearing fictitious brands, em
bracing "the names of well-known places
in the United States, such as "Waltham
Cutlery Company," "Newark Cutlery
Company," etc.. although accompanied by
marking indicating the country of origin,
will not be admissible to entry.
Cutlery bearing the names of domestic
houses, unaccompanied by name of place
in the United States, but bearing name or
indication of country of origin will be ad
, missible to entry.
Where practicable the name of country
i of origin should appear in connection with
I the trade mark or commercial brand of
[ the article, but where this is impractica
ble the marking can be placed on the re
verse side in a conspicuous place; but in
! either case the marking to indicate the
j country of origin must be in letters as
large and as deeply struck as the other
portion of the brand.
The name of the country of origin must
i appear upon all labels and all packa^'S
I in which imported goods subject to mark
ing are contained.
Presentation cutlery, properly marked
with the name of the country of origin,
may be admitted to entry when bearing
also complimentary inscriptions, such as
I "Presented by John Brown & Co.. Chi
! cago. 111.," or "With Compliments of John
Brown <£ Co., Chicago. 111."
Any well-known foreign articles of com
merce, such as "Old Holland Gin," "Old
i Tom Gin," etc., may be admitted to entry
when bearing the names of the foreign
manufacturers, and, in addition, tne
words "London and New York," etc.
Goods afloat, in warehouse or in course
I of manufacture at the time of the promul
| gation of the above circular, the markings
I of which do not conform thereto, are pri
marily not admissible to entry, but the
department will consider the bona fides
of each case on proper presentation after
importation.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Nobnan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
The old marin
ers, adhering re
ligiously to tneir
established cus
tom, met in the
reading-room of
the Occidental Ho
tel last night, and,
A
PECULIAR
3 OKER DRAW.
after the usual exchange of tobacco, the
subject drifted to the game of poker, and
some remarkable hands and plays were
discussed, but the one on which the meet
ing stranded was a remarkable play
which occurred at a private poker club in
this city last Saturday evening.
The game was 5 cen,ts ante, dollar limit,
and six players at Ine table. There was
a jackpot, and he first player opened it
with aces and queens; the second had
three tens and raised; the third man had
three sevens; the fourth had three kings,
and back raised; while No. 5 had three
fives and refused to come in; and the
dealer, who has the reputation of playing
"like the Watsons," laid down three
jacks.
There were aces up, three tens, three
kings, three fives and three jacks, all out
before the draw. After the draw, No. 2
had a ten full; No. 3, four sevens; ..o. 4
did not Improve his three kings; but if
No. 5 had "stayed in" he would have
made his fourth five.
As the old salt finished his story the
meeting adjourned to gather at the bar,
where all hands looked aloft at the ex
pense of the ' captain," the dealer in the
game just related.
Attorney F. H. i^ang of Salinas is at the
Lick.
John T. Thompson, U. S. N.. is at the
Grand.
William J. English of Chicago Is at the
Palace.
- H. Echequreu of Mazatlan is a -vest at
the Lick.
R. McLean, U. S. N., is a guest at the
Occidental.
John F. Holden of Congress, Ariz., is at
the Baldwin.
George B. Upp from Los Angeles is at
the Baldwin.
Edward Kaufman of St. Louis is a guest
at the Baldwin.
Dr. D. Smith of the asylum at Napa is
at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Howard of Chicago
are at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Stewart of Chicago
are at the Baldwin.
Hugh C. Macbeth of New York is regis
tered at the Baldwin.
Charles T. Ellis of New York is regis
tered at the Baldwin.
James F. Farraler or Liverpool, Eng
land, is at the Palace.
W. R. Spalding.'a lumber merchant of
Truckee, is at the Lick.
C. K. Scott of Portland, Or., is regis
tered at the Occidental.
B. A. Larkwood of Dcs Moines is a
guest at the Occidental.
Dr. J. E. Ambler of Chatham, N. V., is
registered at the Grand.
J. B. Peaks, a hotel man of Santa Cruz,
is a guest at the Palace.
District Attorney F. D. Ryan from Sac
ramento is at the Grand.
Senator H. V. Morehouse of San Jose
is registered at the Lick.
T. H. Camp from Norwich, Conn., is
registered at the California,
F. D. Shaw and wife of Medford, Wis.,
are registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Wade and family from
Alton, 111., are at the Palace.
J. Marcus, a merchant of . ow What
com, Wash., is at the Grand.
Apropos of An
na Held s near
visit to this city,
several men about
town, who belong
to the swagger set
and pose as emi
nent theatrical
WHEN ANNA
PLAYED
-EADING ROLES
critics, made the bewitching chanteuse
the subject of a rather interesting con
versation at Zinkand's a few nights ago.
: One of the gentlemen gave it as his
, opinion that while Anna was a specialty
artist of high merit, she w^is not suf
eiently accomplished an actress to play a
character satisfactorily that had to be
sustained ior any length of time.
On« of the party held a very different
opinion regarding Miss Held's ability, and
after asking his friend why he thought
that she could not act, and receiving in
reply the fact that she had no experience
in that line, the gentleman, with some
, little warmth, said: "That shows how
j much you know about Anna Held. Why,
she was an actress in a Hebrew theater
!in Whitechapel long before she was
known to the music halls, and played all
kinds of parts.
"The man who used to manage the
house at which she appeared is now a
j prosperous butcher in London, and he has
shown me lots of half-sheets which were
used for advertising purposes, with her
name upon them. Miss Held suddenly
disappeared from the music halls, and a
little later became famous in another
realm, and you can certainly put It down
that Anna knows something about act
ing." >
Mrs. C. W. Dodd and daughter of Phila
delphia are at the Occidental.
Mr. and A*rs. J. P. OVDonnell of Balti
more, Md., are at the Palace.
W. R. Caruthers, a prominent merchant
of Santa Rosa, is at me Lick.
S. T. Nishimura, a merchant of Yoko
hama, Japan, is at the Palace.
J. Arthur Smith from Liverpool, Eng
lajid is a guest at the Palace.
Mrs. James McKay and three daughters
of Pittsburgh are at the Palace.
L. Gerlach, a prominent cattle man of
Stockton, is a guest at the Grand.
F. M. Nichol, a prominent railroad man
from Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Joseph Craig, the proprietor of High
land Springs, is a guest at the Grand.
11. E. Barber, a prominent real estate
man from Stockton, is at the Grand.
M. W. Mather, a prominent business
man of Plumbago, is at the Occidental.
A. W. Simpsun, a large lumber mer
chant of Stockton, is at the Occidental.
Thomas Fox. a prominent insurance
man from Sacramento, is registered at the
Lick.
D. C. Hobart, a prominent mining man
from Silver City, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Mrs. Fred Heilmann from Johannes
berg, South America, is registered at the
Palace.
John C. Wunder, who has large inter
ests in the brewery business at San Diego,
is at the Grand.
John F. Carrere of Los Angeles, the
secretary of the State Board of Lunacy,
is a guest at the California.
Alezandio Norvell, a large coffee mer
chant of Guatemala, and Daniel Jacobs, a
merchant, from the same place, are at
the Lick.
About forty of the Pennsylvania rail
road excursionists, under the auspices of
Raymond & Whitcomb, were registered at
the Palace yesterday.
Fought in a Hack.
J. A. Bassity, a saloon-keeper at Mor
ton and Stockton streets, was arrested
early yesterday morning on a charge of
battery. The complaining witness is Dora
Raymond, a woman well known in the
"tenderloin district." Bassity and Dora
hud been visiting several saloons to
gether and they engaged a hack at the
Klondike Saloon, 27 Pine street. While
driving along Market street they had a
tight in the hack and both were put out
at Market and Powell streets. Policeman
Furlong sent them both to the Receiving
Hospital to get their contusions dressed
and while Dora was put to bed to recover
from the effects of drink, Bassity was
sent to the prison.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Uarkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
street?; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES* '
CALIFORNIA No. 1. F. and A. •
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) Jfc
EVENING. March 24. at 7:30 o'clock. JLlt
Third degree By order of the Master, f^F »
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy Called meeting THIS _J*_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 \£JX
o'clock. Second degree. All sojourn- /V'
ing brethren are invited. By order of
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v Cy v.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- {AO/J
ING, Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell -AtK?
St., at 8 o'clock. The regular ' l '-»7*
monthly "smoker" follows, to which all are
invited. \V. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
ANNUAL MEETING— regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 28"th day
of March, 1898, at the hour of 12 m..
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may j
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March I
18. 1898. at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the * United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. - ■ •, -
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth and
Market sts. Please remember yours truly,
DRUMM.
ST. GEORGE Halls, 317 Mason St., halls for
dances, lodges, $2 50 to $10 per night; special
terms steady tenants. BULLEN & KEMLINE
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow-shams, table covers, I
- towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st %
NOTICE— Notice is hereby given to the Dis-
trict Attorney of San Francisco, San Fran-
cisco County, that I, the undersigned, intend
to apply to the Honorable State Board of
Prison Directors for the privilege of being
paroled, at a meeting of the said board, to
be held at San Quentin. on the fourteenth
day of May, 1898. JOHN J. HARE.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant, baths,
massage. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
ALVINE HALL ami assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. V,'-, Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MRS. BLAIR, massage and alcohol baths. 989 j
Howard (Orlando), room 31; assistants.
MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis St., second floor, room 22.
LOTTA DAVIS, genuine massage and cabinet I
baths. 11l Geary st. . r .
ROOMS papered. $2 50 up; whitened. $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth st., or 239 Third St.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St., room 3.
MI.SS MAYS genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. ;.*>6 Kearny St., room 9.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. 803-
TOCK. the Zoo. San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery el., room 8; tel. 5580.
MRS. STEWKRT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120ls Geary st., room 11.
•15 LARKIN— Branc-h office of The Call: «üb-
gcilptions and want ids taken.
DIVIDEND NOTIOLS.
DIVIDEND No. 7'J (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1, IS9B. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 26, 189S, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
REFINED young woman desires situation as
working housekeeper; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or r.ointry. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; $10 to $15;
reference. MISS CULLEN, 32". Sutter St.
COMPETENT nurse desires situation; 4 years
last place; city or country. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter «t.
WANTED— By respectable first-class woman,
home and work in good Christian family;
American preferred; honest and reliable; more
for home than wages; is good nurse. 17
Third St., room 7.
WIDOW wishes any kfnd of work by the day
as laundress, plain sewing, mending or as
housekeeper where she can krep her little
girl with nor. Address 63714 Natoma st.
WANTED- Position by a competent woman,
middle-aged, as working housekeeper; one
who understands care of children; city or
country; wages $10. 1103 Powell st.
YOUNG Kirl would like a place to do light
housework in a small family. Please call at
61 Zoe et., between Third and Fourth, Bryant
and Brannan.
WANTED by respectable middle-aged English
woman, lipht housework In small private
family; is good plain cook. Call or address
603 Washington St.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as In-
fant's nurse; can take care of child from
birth; willing to assist; city references. 1230
Treat aye.
RELIABLE woman wants position as house-
keeper; city or country; no objection to chil-
dren. Address MRS. WEST, 15 Hyde St.
YOUNG woman student, accustomed to teach-
ing, desires summer employment as govern-
ess or companion. Box 2744, Call office.
YOUNG German girl wishes to care for baby
or llghthousework; sleep home. 221 Fillmore.
YOUNG woman wants situation to do house-
work in a small family. 2 Vallejo court.
SWEDISH girl wants position to do upstairs
work. Please call at 3 Pfeiffer st., between
Dupont. Stockton, Francisco and Chestnut.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation to
do light housework and cooking; small
wages. Call at 264 V* Tehama st.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do second
work and waiting; private family. Box 2625,
Call office.
COMPETENT woman, who understands French
and American cooking; give city references'
wages urn derate. Call at 1227 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation
as cook or chambermaid In private family or
boarding-house. Call or address 1024 Jackson.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner. with
best references and experience, wants work
by the day; terms $1. Box 2745. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes to do general housework
cook or care for children; $lf> to $20. 229
Twenty-seventh st.
WIDOW with fine references wishes positlonTo
take care of a city residence during the sum-
mer. «37H Natoma st.
GOOD rirl wishes situation .to do general
housework and cooking. Call f>3o Devlsadero
st., cor. Hayes.
STRONG Danish girl wants place for cooking
or general housework; city or country. Call
at 1134 McAllister st., near Fillmore.
WOMAN, with a child, wishes position in lodg- !
Ing-bouse to do chamberwork; $5 per month
Box 2730, Call.
YOUNG lady (German) wishes position as
< lork in bakery or confectionery; best of ref-
ereii,  K i\,. n . Florence House. 102 Ellis, r. 5.
DRESSMAKER wishes to go out by the day!
fine fitter; references if desired; terms $1 50
per day. 112 Taylor st.
FIRST -CLASS neat girl wishes position as
norseglrl; not less than $20. 1506 Broadway.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
&198 Howard st.. room 3.
Wi>MAN to go out by the. day washing or
cleaning. Apply at 829 Hayes, basement.
AMERICAN woman to go out by the day,
housecleaning. washing. Ironing. 731 Folsom.
NEAT German widow desires position as
housekeeper, small household, or chamber-
maid; good seamstress; city or country.
Call Mfi Minna st.
NORTH German girl, klndergartner, desires
situation with children. Address 1410 V& Cali-
fornia st., near Hyde.
GERMAN girl wants situation to do general
housework; wages $20. Apply 204% Fifth st.
SITUATIONS Y. ANTED— Continued.
MAN and wife would like to go on ranch as
manager or on shares; fruit ranch preferred.
Address A. J. BIGELOW. 1119 Mission st.
LADY wishes to care for a doctor's office and
assist him with his patients. Address box
2756. Call office.
YOUNG, respectable woman would like to go
out as wet nurse. Address box 2755, Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
or plain mending. 126 Fourth St., room 23.
WANTED — A position in a bakery or candy
store. 19V4 Church aye., off Broadway.
DRESSMAKER, understands cutting and fit-
ting, wants work. 623 Howard St., off New
Montgomery.
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position; 6 years'
experience in the Kast on fine work; good
appearance. Address box 20, Call office.
I REFINED German lady from New York would
like a position as companion or seamstress;
traveling preferred; good references. Address
E. A., box 2792, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like a position; is a
good housekeeper. Call or address 1203 Mar-
ket st., room 98, second floor.
LADY from the East wishes situation as
housekeeper or charge of furnished rooms.
Call 102 Taylor st.. room 10.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or will
do plain sewing and mending. 116 Sixth St.,
room 6.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2083, Call office.
COMPETENT young woman, good in composi-
tion, wishes position; private secretary or
confidential clerk; small salary. E. N., 960
Clay St., Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission Bt., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Beat help and
_Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414V4 OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office: house
tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel. East 777. M>s Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
or evening. 122%. O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
STENOGRAPHER, special correspondent, with
C years' experience in newspaper work, wants
position in commercial line; understan-is
bookkeeping and owns typewriter. Address
box 2727, Call office.
MAN about place— Situation wanted by a
steady and sober man; thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses, driving, garden,
cows; best of references. Address 1745, CalL
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; man
understands farm, orchard and vineyard
work; handy with tools; woman good cook;
no children. T. S. H., 2726 Mission st.
YOUNG man with Eastern and California ex-
perience in cultivating fruits, flowers and
vegetables wishes v. position as gardener;
references. Box 2733, Call office.
GOOD all-round German cook wants a steady
situation in restaurant or coffee and lunch-
house; moderate wages; best of references.
51 Third St.. room 3.
AN old confectioner and fine cake baker wishes
situation by day or week; very moderate
wages or percentage. Address Confectioner,
1616 Stockton St.
YOUNG man wishes employment as assistant
bookkeeper, cashier or any other office work:
have experience and th« best of references.
Address box 2747, Call office.
GERMAN gardener, understands propagating,
green house work, vegetable growing, wishes
position on a private place; references. Ad-
dress box 274G, Call office.
YOUNG hoy attending high school wishes em-
ployment on Saturdays in store or office. Ad-
dress box 2735, Call office.
tOOD all-round stableman wants a job in a
livery or boarding stable. Address box 2737,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as Janitor, porter,
elevator man, etc. 1501% Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as
schoolboy or half day to do housework in city
in kind family. H. H., 1001 Buchanan st.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants position;
has great experience in cooking for family.
HENRY K. KIMIRA, care H. Ide & Co.,
tOl Sixth *t.
PAINTER and paperhanger would like posi-
tion in hotel, institution or private residence
by the ilay or month; city or country. Ad-
dress Painter, box 10, Call office. Oakland.
RELIABLE, industrious, German gardener:
understands taking care of horses and cows;
handy around the place; references; moder-
ate wages and a good home: Oakland or Ala
meda. Address Imix 27^7. Call office.
GERMAN horticulturist, competent in every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison st
EXPERIENCED baker foreman wants a place
at once; references given. Address Baker.
309 Third St., Oakland.
HOTEL cook, good breadmaker, wants situa-
tion in country hotel. Address Cook, 514
Leavenworth at.
GENERAL blacksmith, married, no children,
wants work in country shop. Box 2772, Call.
ANY' kind of employment wanted by a reliable
man. Address A. R., 914 Sixteenth St., rear,
Oakland.
YOUNG man 28 years of age, resident of New
York City; wants position as manager or
salesman for mercantile house or corpora-
tion to represent same in New York; quali-
fied by education and practical experience;
references and bond. Address J. G. GOULD,
IS West 103 d St., New York.
MAN with practical business experience, full
command of English and German, wants em-
ployment as salesman, assistant bookkeeper
or in any other mercantile capacity. Ad-
dress box 201)4, Call office.
YOUNG man. single, well educated, good rec-
ommendations, desires position of any kind;
moderate salary with chance for advance-
ment. Address L., box 2827, Call Office.
SITUATIONS wanted by German and wife
without children; man as foreman; under-
stands all Kinds of ranch work; wife good
cook and housekeeper; both first-class refer-
ences. Address postoffice box 125. Livermore.
CaL
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and raggage to and from fer -y.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS, nice country place, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
PROTESTANT woman to take charge of chil-
dren and nursery in an institution, city, $20.
MURRAY & READY, 634-'!36 Clay st.
RKKINED German second girl, $25. MISS
CULLJEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nursery governess, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, small hotel, country, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 3^5 Sutter st.
FRENCH nursery governess, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND^^lrls, $20^EinT $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
G HUMAN or Swedish second girl, $25, country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN working housekeeper, $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 NURSES, $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $25; nurse, $20; 10 house-
work girls, city and country. $20 and $25; 6
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
NURSE, $15; 2 second girls, $15 each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED girl, care of child 5 years, $12.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $4 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st *
REFINED girl, assist housework, $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutfr st.
WAITRESS, Truckee, fare paid, call early; 3
waitresses, water resort, $20;- 3 waitresses,
Redondo Beach. $20; German chambermaid
and wait. $2<\ call early; cook, small restau-
rant. $.> week. C. R. HANSEN >v CO., 108
Geary st.
NURSE for invalid lady, steady place. $15,
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
GERMAN r,,ok. ?2."; family cook. J2f>; Swedish
cook, choice place. $25; 6 houseglrls, $20. C.
p.. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
GERMAN girl. San Lorenzo, see party here,
$20: cook. Kennett. $25; houseglrl. Belvedere,
$20; housegirl, Berelcy, $20; German girl, 2 in
family. Berkeley. $20; Danish girl. Berkeley,
$15, see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
GERMAN second girl. $20; nurse, grown child,
$20. see lady here at 2 p. m. ; 3 second girls,
$20 and $25; French nurse, $25; 5 cooks, $25 and
$30; cook, small hotel, $25, see lady here at 10
to-day; waitress, country hotel, $25; restau-
rant, $6 week; ironer in laundry, $25, and girls
for cooking and housework. $25 and $30. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
8 FIRST-CLASS trimmers. $7." and $80; 2 young
ladles, tailoring establishment; 3 lady ticket
agents. 313 Bush st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer, $15; tailoress. $2; 2
ticket-sellers: stenographers and milliners;
millinery saleslady. $15; stenographer and
typewriter, $25; orders in order just as re-
ceived to-day; ladies' department now under
new management. 313 Bush st.
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladies for department store; office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market st.
OFFICE fee 25c less; girls of all nationalities
to till various positions, $15. $25. MRS. LAM-
BERT, -117 i'owell st.
LADY'S maid, must be good seamstress, $40.
$45. MBS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
WE have a few vacant machines for a number
of young girls who desire to learn operating
in our white and fancy shirt department.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS waitresses and chambermaids
will be found at the clubrxoms of the Cali-
fornia Waitresses' and Chambermaids' Asso-
ciation, 32y Eddy st ; telephone Larkin 837.
YOUNG lady barber as partner in barber shop
in Nevada; no money required. Inquire
DECKELMAN BROS., Barber Supply House,
106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Bright woman looking for business
opening; must use good language and dress
neatly. Box 2750, Call office.
GIRL for housework, American family, $25:
I chambermaid, must do some washing, $20. 631
Larkin St.
AT once, experienced pickle packers. 416 Fulton
st., Pacific Pickle and Vinegar Works.
WANTED — Woman to assist in restaurant;
moderate wages. 310 Third st.
NIRSEGIRL: care of 1 child only; $8; 2 In
family. 734 Laurel aye.
WANTED— Operators on gents' white shirts.
521 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 3422 Twenty-
flftfa st.
GIRL for housework. 76 Jackson st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply at
1410 Hyde st.
EXPERIENCED girl to work on vests. 14 j
Harriet st. !
GIRL of 15 or 16 to do light housework; no t
cooking: German preferred. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— Experienced woman for nurse and
second work, $20. 3313 Washington St.; refs.
GIRL for light housework; German preferred;
good home. 716 McAllister St.
WANTED — Woman for light housework; good
home; $8 per mo. 306 Sutter St., upstairs.
GERMAN or Swedish grirl for general house-
work and cooking. Apply from 10 to 12 at
17"f, Goukli st.
GIRL wanted to assist with children at 1626
Vallejo st.
WANTED— A reliable, neat and obliging mid-
dle-aged woman for general housework;
wages $15. Call or address 1351 Fourth aye..
East Oakland.
WANTED — Cook, and laundress; wages $25;
references. Call 134 South Broderick st., off
Huight and Baker.
GIRL for general housework, family of 3. 1826 A
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing; call morning. 1628 Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced finishers on fine coats.
Apply 516 Geary st.
COMPETENT girl for second work and wait-
ing, also family mending; 1 hour's ride from
city: prefer Swede, German, Dane or Nor-
wegian; wages $20; good references required.
Address box 305, Palo Alto, Cal.
STRONG girl, assist general housework; $12. 45
Liberty st.
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; a few inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36«4 Fre-
mont st.
A No. 1 finisher on cloaks and capes. M.
SIMINOFF, 1228 Market st.
ROOMS. 25c to $1 day; $1 50 to $4 week; re-
spectable. 142 Seventh St., Girard House.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Port.
■ DR. WISE, the ladies" specialist, 14 McAllister
st. ; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
>- H'-'.KS ST. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
A— S64 MEN wanted •
To-day: 354 woodchoppers, different places,
$1 25 and $1 cord; 265 tiemakers, Be. 9c, 10c and
lie each: 6 farm, orchard and vineyard hands;
Danish milker. $25; 5 laborers, pick anil shovel
work; 5 laborers to build roads in woods; 3
BCraper teamsters; machinist, city job; tailor.
MI'RRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. (£l-636 Clay st.
A -COOKS WAITERS BAKERS
Dishwashers. MURRAY. & READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay St.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Telephone, telegraph, write or call .in person
and secure from Murray & Ready best skilled
and unskilled help; every description for
every class of work supplied free of charge.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay St.; telephone Main 5848.
WANTED — 2 quartz miners, $2 day and board;
driver for milk wagon, $30 and found; farm-
ers. $15 and $20; Scandinavian milker for
Oregon. $25; 2 markers and distributors, coun-
try- laundry, $30 and found; blacksmith's
helper. $40; laborers, $1 7.". day and $20 and
board; choppers, $40 to $45. and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED- Foreman and wife for ranch. $45
to $50 and found. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler. $35; American baker, $10
week and found; 2 cooks. $7 and $10 week; 2
waiters, $30 and $10: oysterman, $8 week;
cook and wife, country hotel, $50; night cook,
country. $30, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WAITER, city. $35; 5 waiters, country, $35 and
free fare; 2 camp waiters, $23; waiter, north,
$25: 4 waiters, north. $40; oysterman. city, $8
a week and board; vegetable man. $20; hotel
runner, north. $20; camp blacksmith, $40 and
board; farmer, $25; 2 milkers. $25 each; 3
waiters, south, $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
ins Geary St.
FRENCH second cook, hotel, $70. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. ins Geary st.
2 MARKERS and distributors for country
laundry. $30 and found: see party here. C. R.
HANHKN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED— Man to help fell timber, peel bark,
etc., in logging camp near city, $25 and board,
long job, see boss here; German farmer and
wife, $40; farmers, milkers and others: kitch-
en country hotel, fare advanced, $15 and
found; neat waiter for Institution, $15, room
and washing: waiter boy, $10 and found:
waiter small restaurant, $25. W. D. EWER
& CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— WaIter for restaurant, $35; waiter,
oyster house, $8 a week: cook, plain restau-
rant, $12 a week: cook, small country hotel,
$35 to $40; cook, $30; silverman, $25; dishwash-
er, $15: coachman, gardener, $25, etc. AN-
DRE, 31fi Stockton st.
SECOND butler, $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
54 ORDERS booked for competent help in male
department this month. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to run ranch on shares; elec-
troplater; machinist. 313 Bush ut.
TRAVELING hardware specialty salesman; In-
terview to-day; excellent opening. 313 Bush.
$100 PER month— Office partner; active and
energetic; exceptional opportunity. "13 Bush.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker and first-class wages
for Seattle. Apply at 230 Bush st.
CHINESE, good cook and laundry work. 828
Sacramento st.
YOUNG man handy with carpenter's tools.
321 Vi Turk St., from 7 to 8 a. m.
WANTED— Good tailor; steady Job. Call at 190
Jessie st.
WANTED— Good coatmaker to work inside.
22% Geary St., room 42.
DISHWASHER wanted. 626 Sacramento st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1416 Howard st.
\V \XTED- Men and women: work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits:
new patent method: any one who can read or
write caii do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP. German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
BOILEiTmAKERS wanted at the Risdon Iron
Works, Beale and Howard sts. ; 6 months
steady work for good men. Apply at Howard-
st. entrance.
AGENT; travel with photographers, sell cou-
pons and take orders for views and crayons,
etc. Apply WOJI Gu.'rrero st.
BEAMEN and green hands wanted to go In a
steam whaler. WM. LANK, BM Davis st.
YOUNG m*J> *° l«-'irn barber trade in 4 to 6
wo»ks. 1542 Market St.
PARTNER for first-class bakery and confec-
tionery; does good business. Box 2754, Call.
BARBERS— To rent, best location in city for 2-
chalr shop. Apply at 312 Montgomery «.
•'-('HAIR barber shop for sale; rent $6; price
$35; worth double. 31 Eightn St., near Market.
LARKIN, 804— Barber shop for sale; whole or
half; part cash.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; 1
nights 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
HELP WAN-^JD— Continued.
pyPFRIENCED ' ad. solicitor for good publi-
cation; liberal commission. Address box 2765.
Call Office. .
WAITED— A barber to rent a furnished shop.
Annly at grocery, corner Greenwich and
Baker sts. ' ._ s <?i
WHEELWRIGHT; one that understands run- -
VinV machinery and an all-around black-
"mith™h ener ? Address or call on BEMENT
. & WILSON, Redwood City. .
SAILORS, ordinary- */™ e « and carpenters for
coast, Australia and Europe. HERMAN fa.
26 Steuart st. '
pnr. R e. Progressive Union; free employ-
B men B t Bern^! Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have leg «">• de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Dentist at once; must be an all-
around man. Address or call at 31 Taylor
St., room 19. •
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet. 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
WANTED— An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market st., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Ass'n Fre«\ Employm"t Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Vhlrd it.: 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. -
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 1 * Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 250 per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week. • ■
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13SV. Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
I SINGLE room's. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
j MARKET, 863% (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 250
to 60c per night; $1 to $2 week. _______
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED. 4&
SOLICITORS for "The Beautiful Life of Miss
Frances E. Willard": published under tha
auspices and indorsed by the W. C. T. U. ;
the only official book; prepared by Anna Gor-
don, for 21 years Miss Willard's secretary;
beautifully illustrated; only $2; tremendous
demand; bonanza for agents; superb book;
liberal commissions; complete outfit 50c.
JOHN E. HOHAM ft CO.. authorized dis-
tributors, 334 Dearborn St., Chicago, 111.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — Lady with some means to Jol»
young man in established grocery and saloon.
Box 2734. Call office.
PARTNER, or man to work in blacksmith's
shop above Ocean View on electric road.
A BARGAIN— Wanted a partner In good saloon
in center of city; $150 cash. Address 431 Bush.
WANTED— Partner: good business; call and
Investigate. 256 Third st.
PARTT with $100; gilt-edge proposition; suit-
able for lady; investigate. Box 2521. Call.
PARTNER wanted with $4000 in a first-class
family hotel. Box 2071. Call office,
FURNITURE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion Et. ; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery Rt. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
WASTED— MISCELLAMJO IS.
WANTED— To buy for cash, small paying res-
taurant or candy store. Address box 2742,
Call office.
WANTED— A quick young horse for city us»».
1709 Market st. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
& O I
HORSE 1000 lbs., for a cart; young, broke;
cheap. 223 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED— IOO goals for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId geld, •silver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
musical isstiii/.«ie.\ts. ~
wha.ts that? you are?
going'to buy a piano?
well, now. what do you ~.vant?
A piano made iii U596, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
game old piano made from 1549 scales?
I have a pian<> to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own bulH-
ing and store, and as the manufacturer! UKl* >
back this instrument with JC'.UOO.OOO, th.%, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
The address is 526 Hayes st.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $fi per month, we ask yon to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some go<>d pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month.- SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., Snn Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos—
Ronisch $123
Mathusek 150
Augustus Baus & Co 2to
Cameron ; 250
Byron Mauzy SOO
BYRON MAUZY. pianos, 308-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'FarrelL
\ THE best pianos, the -lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvais Music Co., 769 Market; agts.
for the celebrated Decker & Bon pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Maury, Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent pian;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market St.
FOR SALE— good upright piano (full size) at
a sacrifice. Address box 2732. Call Office.
i PIANOFORTE, a bargain, square grand, cost
i $200; will sell for $60. 130 Seventh st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st. V_
FINE upright: great bargain. 16 McAllit
ter St., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Kills.
HORSES.
WANTED — pair of young and gentle carriage
horses. Address or call Rix Engineering and.
Supply Co.. 507 Market st.
TO rent— A stable for livery or dairy business;
good location. Address box 2725, Call office.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds', buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st.
WANTED— old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. PTTT-LTTAN 1 "■ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st.
LOST.
LOST— A plain black purse, bet. Tenth and
Twelfth sts., on Howard. Return to 254 Va-
lencia St.; regard. ■
Monday, sable skin. Please bring to
MR. TREPIONOK. 106 Ellis st., and get re-
ward. .
CASH given for old gold and silver jewelry at
-UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay" Jewelry at
MARKET, ♦—Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. ~-r J • -■■-%»
JFOUND.
LOST-A passbook with the HiberntoT'sa vint*s
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
Th me flnL MR 'm, ANNIE REGAN. No. 135,603!
The finder will please return to the bank. -
FOUND— Early November, young brown curly
d..g, P owner can have It by paying light ex-
penses, else be sold. Box 2726, Call Office____ IIUi:1:VE CHANCES."
A— JBO: OLD -. established restaurant. 1 block
jrom cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner
;,== - and doing a rushing, good-paying bust-
ness; Investigate soon. WH.Ki;, 7X3 Market.
A, Kr ? HV and confectionery, established Tor
int. last 30 years, doing a rushing store busi-
ness, only first-class cash customers; no low
prices; the best location in this city; living
rooms; rent low; buyers given a trial; no
. mi E Pa ce In the market: investigate: you
will and a bargain, WILKE, "S3 Market st.
* 2 Y7, I>A1 ' 1 "NI:U wanted by a lady in pork and
aeucacy store: choicest location;, close to
Aiarket st. ; doing first-class paying business;
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE
'w Market st.
$450; CORNER saloon on San Bruno road,
with 3 living rooms: rent $20; good paying
Place and «tock worth the money. WILKE
•S3 Market st. '
$200— CORNER saloon; down town; in vicinity
of the wholesale houses; well stocked; doing
an excellent trade; good fixtures. M. LESS
768 Market st. " '
$250— PARTNER wanted in well paying res-
taurant; central; owner tired of unreliable
help; trial given to suitable party. Apaly
M. LESS. 765 Market st. * APJiy
$1750— AY saloon; established 25 years; among
wholesale houses; value of stock fully $200tr
business speaks for Itself; full Investigation-
an Al proposition. Apply at once to M LESS*
765 Market st. «__o,
KREDO & CO., successful Brokers, 22% Geary
?150— Coffee parlor and bread bakery central
5200— Stationery, school supplies; near school'
«2fe£ iearsi i iaily receipts $10; snap.
f"-£^~ Dr '' ?smaklnß and tailoring: clears $100
$.-.oo— Corner grocery and bar; living rooms"
12000- Florist: |-aorc nursery under Klass
$3000-Bookblndery and blank-book manf'ry.
Hunclreas m otner bargains; investigate.
A— s33o; 200 masquerade and theatrical cos-
tumes; well-located business: est 1575- good
chance for bright woman. KREDO _ CO
--'_■ < teary st.
A— s2so; confectionerj- and icecream parlors;
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO., 2214
$430— MECHANICS' restaurant and lodging-
t ,U, U i S - e^i!', a r?, am on account of departure. Mc-
„ LAt i.in $ &\ CO. ft 23 Kearny st.
$300-STATiONEnY~a^d~ : a"riety store; bar-
gain this day. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., 23
-M.'i'iN; bargain; departure cause ot
gale. Mclaughlin & co.. 23 Kearny st.
I 3ALOON; good paying business. Me-
. >iilLl.N „ CO,, 23 Kearny st.
FOR Sale— An established nursery; nearly 2
ares ot land, with green houses, heating
apparatus, etc.; choice stock or plants; good
business chance for the right man. Apply to
A. M. SPECK & CO., CO2 Market st.
V. ANTLD— Uood tenants for Market, Ellis and
Powell hL, stores; cheap. SPECK _ CO., 602
Market st.
$1500— 120-acre ranch; new 5-room house; barn;
50 acres grape land; 30»K) cords wood:w i will
pay net $3 day for 10 yeurs. SPECK _ CO.,
602 Market st.
MSQ~CORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$800— Orocery and bar: best corner in city.
$250 — Very nice oig— r-store; good location.
$300— Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also vereral saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO._. 777 Market st.
FOR Sale— Business of the late John Gross;
oldest established candy factory and ice
cream parlors in San Joaauin County. Ad-
dress 2:. North El Dorado st., Stockton, Cal.
WANTED— Home in private family for boy 4
years old; must be thoroughly Brst class;
state particulars; no other children. Box
-7.:.. Call.
FAMILY Uquor store; well stocked; splendid
locatftn; good trade: low rent; excellent
.. fiance for right party; a bargain. Inquire
23.'. Third st.
$700 — BARGAIN: good paying grocery' business; ]
living-rooms; central location. M. E., box 102,
Call Office.
FOR sale — Restaurant and cbopbouse; best
location; opposite the ferries. IS East st.
. RENT $30 — Good paying restaurant; oak furni-
ture; steady boarders. 1806 Market st.
FOR sale — Good-paying grocery store. For par- |
ticulars call at 409 Sansome St.
CORNER saloon for sale on account of death;
cheap. 1121 Harrison st.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; average fIS per
■ lay: trial given, 2424 Mission st.
$150 invested actually earns 35 par cent weekly j
profits; n:: chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise; control capital your-
self. D.Sloane. 110 St. Paul st.. Ualtimore.Md.
GROCERY and bar; old-established corner;
good stock; good business; four living- i
rooms. Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN &
CO., 320 Clay st.
3260— PARTNER wanted in light business suit- j
«J to steady man satisfied with $15 to {25 a I
w«ki no. ■■puiiniiim required; • trial given.
724\t Market St., room 17.
SHOE store; well-established custom trade. Ap-
ply Call Branch Office, 339 Hayes st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; in-
vestigate at once. 249 Fourth St.
$300 ' 11. 1. purchase the Nickel saloon, stock,
fittings, utensils and pianoforte. 130 Seventh
t=t., near new Postofflce site; no agents.
A, odd home restaurant for sale, suitable for
fian and wife; party going to Klondike. Ap-
ply 23 Kearny st.
BLACKSMITH shop, above Ocean View, on
the electric road; good business; owner sick.
rTOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale;
a sacrifice at $175. 155 Eleventh st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop; first-class trade;
good location. 1089 Howard fit.
BUTCHERS' fixtures, complete outfit, for sale;
cheap. Apply 1121 Mission st.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; good loca- j
■ tlon. 1352 Folsom St.
WANTED— Partner in well paying restaurant.
Apply 23 Kearny st.
f?75 BUYS the nicest central located restaur-
ant: clears $65 month. 408 Geary st.
|400— CIGAR store, with 4 rooms in rear. BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market St., above Seventh.
IS30 — Well established custom trade shoe store;
good repairing. 4102 Nineteenth St., near
Castro.
SALOON for sale on account of sickness. Call
and see owner, 22*! Brannan st.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
HARE chance, for cash, the most perfect and I
well-known dressmaking establishment in I
this city: transaction absolutely trustworthy;
must be disposed of at once. For particulars
address box 2093, Call office.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts.. rent !
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
FIRST-CLASS oigar-stand; proprietor leaving
city. L., box 20, this office.
COUNTRY call route for sale. Apply Call
office.
WANTED— Partner saloon; open day and night i
for 60 years. 650 Sacramento at... northeast
corner of Kearny. '
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries in the city. '
Inquire at 1509 Polk st. j
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
4 Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St.. city.
""PORTLAND agency this paper. Inqutra thl«
office or at 133 Third st., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. !
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 416 Sacramento st
I<>lX.lN< HOI'SES FOR SALE.
15-ROOM house, new furniture: price only.l 300
14 rooms on Hyde st.; offer wanted 600
22-room house; new and »od 730
21 rooms; fine location: only 75
26 rooms; sunny corner 1100
2S-room; easy payments 600
50 rooms: easy payments , 2000
UO-room house; clears $350 C3OO
20 rooms, on Van Xess aye 1100
12 rooms, on O'Farrell: clears $,W 600
11-room house; sunny corner; fine 500
26 rooms: new and good 800
SC rooms, on Mission ••• moo
32 rooms, on Market; clears $2.^0 2S-W
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market, <.!>!>■ Fifth.
25 ROOMS in Oakland; clears $100: will sell or
exchange for ranch. PECKER. 1020 Market.
KREDO ft CO.. successful brokers. 22H Geary.
4 S rooms; best in city 12,000
2C rooms; Market: a give away. 4*o
it rooms: nil housekeeping; make- offer.. <00
17 rooms, near Plaza: always lull 6aO
IS rooms, near Market; rent HP 300
14 rooms; Golden Gate: snap ;;•••• 129
12 rooms; Market: !>'>arilln«r; clears. $75.... 0.0
11 rooms; NMnth; clears $50; bonanza 4CO
10 rooms; Ellis; new and pood --00
7 rooms: Market: offices pay rent zoo
Hundreds of others at your own price.
J7OO-FIRST-CL.ASS ,18-room : use- pays hand-
somely. G. E. LAWRENCE & CO.. C 29 Sac-
ramentost ■ '
GOOD transient house for pale; no reasonable
offer refused. Uox 2085. Call of flea.
$200— ROOM house; all full; must be sold;
Flrknefs. 320 Minna st. ■ •
(I ItMTlltK FOR SAI-B.
FOR sale— 4l3 : A Minna St.: 4 rooms, completely
furnished for^iousekeeping: ready to move in;
4» •'"•■•■ !■■
ATTOKXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;.
* no fee without success: collections, wills. .
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
fc-ases. copartnership, bills-of-sal^, patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. .G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton. I
ADVICE .free: no charge unless ' successful.
\V. W. DAVIDSON. &27 Market st.
« -■ - . . . ■
PERSONALS.
I STRONG young men going to Alaska would
like to meet 2 more with same intent. Ad-
dress Alaska.* box 2741. Call office.
.178-EIQHT if not to-day. .
__ -_J MATRIMONIAL.
GERMAN lady wishes the acquaintance of a
middle-aged gentleman; object matrimony.
Box 2731. Call office. . :
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 rages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS raRaONAMS-_
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties; it never fails to relieve in one day; no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
tion will be tent free with every $5 order,
■ after which it can be made at hone at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in 2c
Stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months: office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings, THE ATWELL CO.. 36% Geary St..
San Francisco. '
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and nnframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; SxlO and 10x12. I.V; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;-
14x17. Be; 18x80, Me: 18x22. ~e; 20x24, 45c: 22x
28, 60e; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
ing.all colors.lc U;open eve. Jones.o47 Mission
COME Into the largest hair dressing establish-
ment on the Parlflc Coast; best of rervice,
2.'.c only; good switches. $1; beat, finest qual-
ity. J3 50; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sun-
days from 9 to 12. c,. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
itAG carpets wov» to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove, rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House 44 Third s=t.. nr. Market; 200 rooms,
K< to $1 no pc- night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I BADGES, phr.to. and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 555 Clay st . S^ F.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic is. in a.ll cases, en-
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. !»06 Market, room 25, second floor.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening, at
lowest mi's. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome St.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. N-UHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
BUTT to order on easy installments. L.
Ll-:M"S. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DR_SSMi-KERS.
S^N FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market St.
MME GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 86.
■U LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ad 3 taken.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c,
3sl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader: 85c up; charms given. 73 Fourth.
MME, SVr.II.LK. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2Sc; ladies. Hl4 O' Parrel 1 st.
MME. LE NORM ANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 4'il I^eavnwth.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 1— Post st.. room 10.
MISS MKLVIL—E. preat clairvoyant and
water readfr. 021^ Mission: German spoken.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 41 Minna St.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, t_ Kearny st.. room
'2: mind-reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth st,. room 14.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120V4 Geary et.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MM!-:. RAYKNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names Riven; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 GO. postage
free.
SPIRITUALISM.!
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test . circle to-
night: 10c; fine music' CO5 McAllister st.
MRS. STEWART will hold a circle to-night,
- 24th. at 400 Golden Gate aye.; admission 25c.
CIRCLE this evening at 1619 Turk St.; 15c; bal-
lots read by Melhart and others.
CIRCLE every Thursday. 2 p. in.; 25c; readings
$1; Mayo Steers. 112& Oak St.
E. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
-at 8 p. m. ; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
C. V. MILLER'S t-therializlng trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues,, 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. BHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 213 Stockton st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The « — i.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HYPNOTISM-
BERNARD'S clinic medical hypnotism, 209
Turk st. : special department for instruction
in occult arts: 6 physicians visit and prac-
tice in our clinic.
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics: private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TTRMAN. Sec. -
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
A TRIP to the Klondike— Grand Illustrated
lecture by Prof. Tulloh. with over 100 beau-
tiful stereopticon views at Golden Gate Hall,
625 Sutter St., Saturday, March 2fi; doors
open at 7:30; prices 2">c and 50c; see bills.
KLONDIKERS, your outfit is ot no value with-
out a Eureka patented portable gold washer;
do not fail to take one along; you get more
gold than you can carry. 219 liush st.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general Work who are going to
PfrWeon can, on the way up. work out $100
to $200 of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply
The Gold Btar Co.. Mills building. San Fran.
TWO good packers ajid general camp men
would go under contract with Inexperienced
parties to Alaska. Add. Trail, 221 Minna St.
IJY joining Lewis' expedition the Klondike
country can be reached for one-half; new
route; number limited; Investigate this. Room
121, Safe Deposit building.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SHARBORO & CO..
wholesale ond retail grocers, 531 Washington.
LARGE long-haired dog; suitable for Alaska;
a bargain. 130 Seventh st.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at HO Van Ness aye.
YI'KON dog harness; best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 1238 Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Koran Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market St.
CHEAPEST nnd best Klondike stores in the
w.,r!d. HOLMES A CO.. 416-418 Jackson St.
DOGS for Klondike: three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st
GENUINE erotic fur clothing: hfavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers. Balling vessels and
launches for pale. H. ( SHAW. 4 Sutter.
CARI'K. CLEJLMX(i!
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpet*. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr., i
38 and 40 Bight I Bt. ; telephone South 250.
WiiEN you become disgusted with poor work i
send to SPAt" 1.1 UNO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 563-I7 T<-hani;i :~t. ; tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning- Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 3!M. QgO. W'ALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleam-d at 3c. per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. :' tel. Jessie »44.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet i Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. U. GRANT; id. BeVsi.! L'ol
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; 'leaning, 3c. a yard; t ■■!. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
(late a ye. : tel. Enyt 12ft.
COi AJRTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of copartnership— No-
tice is hereby given that the co-partnership
of HOFFMAN fk IJAHL, heretofore- existing
and doing, business at 220 Market street, in I
this City, under the firm name of The Ban
Francisco Steam Show Case Works, is this
day mutually dissolved. Mlt. FRANK HOFF- j
MAN. who wilr hereafter conduct the busi-
ness, will pny all debts, and Is authorized to !
collect all debts due said firm.
FRANK HOFFMAN.
. JOHN HAUL.
San Francisco, March 19, ISJS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
. HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
CLIPPER, 74— House of 5 rooms and bath and
stable; $15.
HOUSE to let; partly furnished; 9 rooms; $45.
727 Ashhury st.
JULIAN AYE.. 137. near I lsteenth tnd Mis-
sion; 7-room house and bath; $15.
MCALLISTER. SIB - Sunny house. 8 rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $30.
OAK, 421— StyllKh Eastlake residence. 8 rooms
and bath; latest improvements, i'SJ.
Tlidv. 738— Seven rooms and bath; all modern
improvements.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BERKELEY- Furnished Cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station; $25.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard and stable; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth
St.. near Dolores.
4 ROOMS, $10, or will sell $50 cash; balance $12
per mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market _t?t.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT 5 sunny rooms and bath, yard and base-
meftt. Apply 134 Page St.
ELEGANT tqp flat; 6 rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. 146 Grove St., near City Hall.
Fi:LL. 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; Jlii.
$13— NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath; gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Nee.
TEHAMA. 329— A modern flat of 6 rooms, lat-
est improvements: rent reduced.
$18 — WATER free; sunny lower 4-room flat:
modern; large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-third
Ht.. few steps from Castro: care key 40il.
HOISEKKEI'ING BOOMS.
EDDY. 915— Two or 4 unfurnished or furnished
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resl-
dence.
GEARY, 729— Five unfurnished sunny rooms;
upper part; yard; rear.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness ava.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suites with gas stove.
HOWARD, 1138, bet. Seventh and Eighth-
Sunny front room; kitchen; rent reasonable.
HdUBEKEEPING <.r furnished rooms for
emali family with references; reasonable
terms. A... ply 16M clay st.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms; single, $4.
.ri'SSIK. Sir., near Fifth and Market—, sunny
housekeeping room a, complete, t'J per month.
EDDY, 107 — Sunny, nicely furnished connecting
li.'Usekpg. rms.; gas range; splendid location.
LAKKIN, 433— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; rent reasonable.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kiteken; unfurnished; reasonab!?.
il • AI.LISTEU. (21 ! or 3 nicely furnished
n» .nis, complete for housekeeping; gas range.
MINNA, 43C— A furnished parl.T fI.»T of front
and back parlors and kitchen; reasonable.
MISSION, IOW Sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; no objection t< > children.
NINTH. 80— Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping, $11 mo.; single. $.") up; water and gas.
O'FARRELL, 4".; v. 1 nr 2 unfurnished bay-
Wind., w r. ..ms; sun all .lay: rent reasonable.
POLK. 522— Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or single; rent cheap.
MINNA. .'7S, near Seventh— Large sunny room
complete: cheap: also single rooms.
MISSION, ■--■■■ : completely furnished sunny
rooms; housekeeping exclusive; l>ath; porch.
SUITE <>f 2 nice front sunny housekeeDltW
rooms; 2 fine double folding beds: furniture
all new; rent $3 per week; suitable for 3 or
4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission
st., bet. First and Second.
SUNNY unfurnished rooms; marine view; $4.
266 Chestnut st.
SUTTER. 2620—3 rooms. washtubs, use of
bath; furniture of kitchen and bedroom for
sale if desired.
THIRD, SOS Furnished room complete for
housekeeping. *5 to $7; sunny bedroom, $4.
THIRD, "ilfi— 3 pleasant sunny rooms for house-
keeping, with bath; *l» per month.
THIRTEENTH, S2rt. between Mission and Va-
lencia— 2 furnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping, with yard; rent HO.
TWJSLFTH, I*6 I pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET,
ALTON, 204 McAllister-Sunny front rooms and
suites: also 3 complete for housekeeping.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st. — Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; Urst-claea
in every reapect; terms reasonable.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished: fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BOND, 16— Nicely furnished front room for 1
or 2 gentlemen.
BROADWA V. 700, corner Stockton—Three hand-
somely furnished connecting parlors, suitable
for doctor or dentist; has been occupied by
doctor for 14 years; reasonable rent.
CENTRAL House. 52 2d— Good family & single
rms.: day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 25, $2 50; mo., $5 up.
DELAWARB, 1151 Market -Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDT. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
50c to $1; week, $2 to,?-:: families.
FOURTH. 222H— Nice furnished rooms, single
and double. ?1 upward.
FULTON. 881— -Two unfurnished front rooms
with board. The Mizpah.
GEARY, 51S— Large gunny bay-window room;
sunny suites; other rooms; light housekpng.
GOLDEN GATE, 3274—P arlor suite or single;
folding bed, gas, bath; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house: $1 B0 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 562—3 lovely Bunny connecting rooms.
iW; single, $10. $7, $4; housekeeping if desired.
HOWARD, 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
JONES, 1705. near Broadway — 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent $13.
KEARNY. 215— Newly furnished suites; also
single rooms; first floor.
LARKIN, 414^— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; private family; gas; bath; $6 a month.
McALLISTER, 6M— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reaa.
MINNA, 442— Sunny single room, 14 a month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION, 1520 — Nicely furnished single and
doable rooms; $5 per month up.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 50
to $4 50 week, $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping^
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; front single room, $6.
PINE, 920E— Neat furnished rooms; suite and
single; gas and bath.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms;
gaß; running water; Jl week up; sunny.
I'lil.K, 607—1 or 2 large tunny front rooms;
kitchen if desired; very reasonable.
POWELL, 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
ioorns adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
low ELL. 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE, 16-M Mason— Eunpcan: el?-
K.'int rooms; suite or single: «'ay, week or
month; baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator.
SIXTH, 244— Sunny single rooms. $5 per month.
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant rooms;
euite or single; day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
BUTTKK. 71.W17-719. and GO9 Hydf — Furnished
nnd unfurn.: choice and niinny: reasonable.
PCTTEU. 7W (Sutherland Hotel)— Nice sunny
-: suites or single; elevator; moderate.
TAYLOR. U2- Suites from IS 69 week up, v.-itli
aae Ot kitchen; 60c and Jl B .lay.
TENTH, 123. old No. Ill— Large sunny front
bay-window room. $10 per month.
.":■: MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:10
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion)! nnd want ads taken.
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEIIFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2I.
*.' BOARDING AND ROOMS.^
FELL, 26— Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
T for 2, $35 mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FOLSOM, ill—Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. ,■■■:
HYDE. -408— Front' sunny alcove and single
rooms;. first-class board, couple. $36,m0.' up.
HYDE Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
TURK. 812— Nice room two gentlemen: bath;
gas: grate; board; private family; $35.
VAN NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure; building new; all mod-
ern conveniences: newly furnished ;- elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. Apply at. SOS
Van Ness aye.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board In family; mother', care;
terms moderate. 312 Hickory aye.  ;
AN elderly lady will take infants to board; a
mother's care; references. 234^ Sixth st.
STOKES TO LET.
H~O^WARdTISo2— Store to let; 2 living rooms;
rent cheap. ' " ' • \
NINTH 500— Corner Ftore. new fixtures; 3
\ rooms' and stable; rent low. ■
' . ' SIT M MKR R KSO RTS.^
ELEGANTLY furnished h.tei" in Mill Valley,
30 rooms; baths and all latest improvements;
•beautiful grounds: unsurpassed view; only
i = _ hour from San Francisco; rent low. Par-
: ttculars. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market.
i 1 _. . . • — • ■ r
EDUCATIONAL™
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, Lngllsh branch-
es-electrical civil and mining engineering:
su'rvevlng, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; _00
graduates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYREB'. Business College, 723 . Market; St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, . typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
• ship, $30; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing mech .survey, assay, archit.: day & eve.;
wt." 1564 VAN PER NAILEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
co-THe in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. KB Market st.
WEBSTER, 2107 l Piano teacher: studied In
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
.ket St.; ._ v positions in '." 103 In '97.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day. night: $•" mo. 1504 Market, op Bth.
GUITAR mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture piano, Paris graduate: French,
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor St.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of Tlie Call.
Subscriptions and want ails taken.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; sate and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
thoiteh else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. I'll. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister st. ; pills, $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time: kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care ami privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where- regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 91J Posi St., nr. Larkin.
DRS GOODWIN, Wl Vaa Ness aye.— Ladies,
near or far consult tree the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician- a Bafe sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores struntith and visor of orKans; unex-
celled- 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2. '
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement,- with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
'they will find In her a true friend. : MRS.
'DR. GWTER, 826 Turk st. ■ -■
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no, matter what
5 cause; restore in 1 day: never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be pent and used at home. DR.
POPPER." 31? Kearny; orders by telegram.
LADIES. Chiohester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best; safe, reliable; take
no other: mod 4<r -ftarniw i for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies." letter by return mull: at
druggists. Chichester Chemlcar.Co.. Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments u?pd; cure at of-
fice, $5; consultation free; hours 10 lo 5. DR.
ANT) MRP. KOHL. HIS Market et.
A BOON to wives and mother**— Reguro ; price
II 50. RICHAKI'S & CO., -lOti Clay Bt.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., f.31 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAV'9 French pills, a brton to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; sate cure: $2 50;
express c. O P.; don't delay until too late.
OBGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st,
DR. HALL. Vi McAllister St.; diseases pf wo-
men and children.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKS, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the -United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
POlt SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
'■ BOILERS, engines, 2d hana • machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & UOLPMAN, 137 Ueale st.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings weighing 3%
karats, reduced to $290. UNCLE HARRIS.
.- ;. 15 Grant aye. - .
BARGAIN— Lamson cash register; In perfect
order; price $*). WICHMAX. LUTGEN &
CO., 318 Clay st. •£;>
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber shop. 2102% Howard
street. -
SCHOONER yacht. 44 feet lone, keel boat;
good condition, Box 2764 v Call office.
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos, electri-
cal goods; new, Zd hand. Smith C 0. ,627 Mission.
TWO fine Jersey milch cows for sale. Apply at
stable. 523 Minna St.. above Sixth.
ONLY- $10; new electropolse oxygen cure. Ad-
dress box 2759. Call office. •
FOR sale— A fine skiff and hunting dog. In-
quire 8 Hawthorne it., city.
FOR SALE- pumps, engine and boiler
and large, Iron tank. Apply. HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects, 65 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber wasbstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. ■
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission st. .. ';■••»
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ondhand. J. -NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission;, Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY. Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse,
s San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New.und second-hand; cheaper than
ever. .' Hermann Safe Mafc, . 633 Sacramento.
SAFES- Bnrprslns in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPIIOBHONKB. $10:. Records. $5 per do*.;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and -told. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES. ■
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
.-. repairing; lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, re-paired, bought, sold;
; machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.: phono Mint 45.
| LEGAL NOTICES.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco
March IC. IS9S— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order IMB of the Board of
Supervisors, approved -September 15,' isso
there will bo sold at public auction by E ti'
Spear & Co.,' nt their salesrooms, 31 and 33
! Butter street, on • ■ -
" . . MONDAY, APRIL IS. IS3B. .-..: ...
■ At 10 o'clock a m.. sundry articles of stolen
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the !
' police, force of San Francisco, as detailed In i
an Inventory thereof on file in the office of i
the cj.-rk .of ■ th« .-Board ; of : Supervisors, and
consisting of Jewelry, wearing .- apparel, pis-
tols, knives, , etc.; also a lot of trunk*, valises
clothing , • etc. property of -deceased persons
received from the Coroner of this city and
■ county. Open for Inspection on morning of
: sale. . A. C. WIDBERT-
City -and County Treasurer.' ■-
TVI'EUmiKRS.
YOST, Rood order. {23;' send for sample wort
: (SCOTT & KANNAN. 353 Montgomery it. i
ELTTCv'EN'TM. \nc— Branch office" of Th<j CftllT
«Hlb»crlj)tlone;an,<4 want ads taken.
CITY RE ~li ESTATES.
BALDWIN 4b HOWELI* _ __,
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$4250— A fine new residence of 8 rooms and
bath, just completed; all modern improvements;
latest plumbing: lot 25x100; in select neighbor-
hood. Park Panhendle district; 117 Beulah St.,
near Shrader.
$3900— A bargain: 2 flats, rented for $35, con-
tain 4 and 5 rooms and bath each: 2 frontages;
Filbert St., near Jones.
$7000— Rents $SlO per annum: new, handsome
flats on best portion of Hayes st. ; short walk
from Market; large lot.
$11,500— Jonea st., near Geary; 3 flats of 6, C
and 6 rooms; rent $SO.
$12,000— Bush St., near Leavenworth; lot 27:Gx
12o; 2-story house, containing 15 rooms and
bath; rent $100 per month.
$4SoO— Offer wanted; rent $47; Pine st., near
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottace on rear street; lot has 2
frontages.
$3000— Tehama st., near Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms; also 2-6 tory house
of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 28x75.
$12.000— Must be sold; Pacific Heights resi-
dence of 9 rooms, bath, etc. ; extra large tot,
3KxI27:SVi; plenty of sunshine; select neighbor-
!• 1; Jackson St., near Alta Plaza.
$8250— Eighth st.. near Howard; 3-story build-
ing, containing store and 2 flats above of 5 and
| 6 rooms and bath each; also rear house con-
taining 2 flats of i rooms each; rent $62 SO;
| larse lot.
$2600— Make an offer; foreclosure sale; great
i bargain: Clement at., near Fourth aye.; mod-
i em cottage of 5 rooms and bath, on sunny
Bide of street; lot 25x100; terms tv suit.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BETTER
THAN BONDS.
Bonds and interest-bearing securities are now
at a higher price than they have been for
years, (ity real estate prices are now at the
lowest notch in years. Which is the bettor in-
vestrm-r.t? Which j.ays th.> Ix'st? Heal .state
Jupt look over these few investment properties;
they are as good, if not better, than anything
you can find:
$."750— Rent $63 50: all rented; we collect the
rents and know that they are accurate; good
improvements: largo lot; not far from the cor-
ner of California and Mason sts.; call at once
for particulars.
$7000— Rent $810 per annum; new, handsome
flats on best portion of Hayes St., short walk
from Market; large lot.
$7250— Rent $750 per annum, which is a» very
low rental; 2 handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; Sutter St., sur.ny side, not far
frnm Buchanan at. ; a splendid opportunity for
some one.
$14,500— McAllister st, near Franklin. 3-story
building, containing stores and flats above;
rents $105; extra large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
Al Horiger. Louis A. Souc.
L. A. SOUC & CO.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 and 467 Valencia st., near Sixteenth.
As we make a specialty of Mission property
i and are right on the spot we can save you time
i and money by calling on us at once.
$12. m0— cor. Guerrero ■ and 2"th sts.;
■ elegant bay-window, house of 8 rooms; bath:
saloon parlors; large grounds and stable;
warm belt.
,SCOCO— SSx9O; cor. Duncan and Dolores sts.;
modern building; store, 4 rooms; upper flat. 7
• rooms, bath and laundry; coal yard and sta-
1 ble; cottage of 4 rooms; worth $10,000; see
j this and make an offer. . •
$8000 25x100; California aye., near Mission:
just completed: modern Eastlake cottage of 7
rooms, bath; open plumbing; all the latest im-
; provements; large basement; terms made to
Butt purchaser.
2S\rO'">; Valencia, near 19th; best block
' fn the Mission; store and house, S rooms and
: bath.
— 25x105; Guerrero st. ; modern home;
I bay-window house; 8 rooms; bath; Al order.
$£800 25x100: Mission, near gist St.; cheap;
store, 2 rooms; 2 flats,  rooms, bath each.
$S500— 50x100; Just the place for fine s ..res and
flats. ; ■ .
;$5500 60x115; 17th st., near Guerrero; house
8 rooms, bath, driveway and stable.
$3250— 25x50; San Carlos aye., near 21st; 2
Bats, 5 rooms and bath each.
$1350—25x114; -Sth st., near Dolores; cheap
home; cottage 4 rooms; large basement.
$2150—25x114; 27th st., near Sanchez; modern
' bay-window cottage; 5 rooms, bath.
ItS&O— tUTS; San Carlos aye.. near 19th; 2-
story house, 6 rooms, bath.
• $550— 25x114; 20th St., near Church.
; $800— 25x114; Jersey St.. near 34th,
. J6So— 2exJoO; Sanchez St.. near 18th:
/ $150— 25x100; Rood ■ Island, near 23d. -
$1000—25x114; 27th, near Guerrero.
$1000— 25x114r 23d. near Sanchez,
yj L. A. 3OUC & CO.. 405-467 Valencia st.
; BOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR.
' " CROCKER BUILDING.
t
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
v SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains! Easiest Terms!
$100. $160 to $250; level building lota near
: Mission-st. electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400. $450 to $860; graded oflicially; supeVb
I view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
~ ' RICHMOND LOTS'.
$400, $450 to $800; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800: choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps g and $«J™™-^^^
SOL QBTZ & BROTHER,
Room A. Crocker building..
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
The hestrfltuated snot in the city for
homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts.; only 4 out of 28 houses re-
maining unsold; l large G-room house, $3600,
; highly decorated, street accepted; 1 8-room
cottage, $2S00; 1 6-room cottage, $8400, and 1
4-room cottage. $2250. F. . NELSON, owner
and builder.
FINE property cheap on account of foreclos-
ure; house of « rooms, near park panhandle.
Apply grocery comer Hayes and Lyun Ft?,
for 1 week, between 2 and fl P- m.; no agents.
RAROA IX- Handsome new L'-story G-room cot-
tage' very sunny; fine view: 1114 Oreerr St.;
easy terms: HOOKKW * LENT. 14 Post st.
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
»15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postoffice box 2495.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Cnll. in wrapper, for mailing.
PROPERTY TO f XCI'AN'!!.
PROPERTY to exchange t ' vft acres of grain
und fruit land in Tehama County. 3' 3 miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence in Han Francisco in residence portion
Of the City; Mind valued at 120,000; free of in-
eumbrar.ee; residence offered for exchange
must be unineumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento, Cal.
WHAT have you to exchange for Kast Berke-
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX,
104 Eleventh st.
Fi'ii sale — 131 acres clear land, with stock,
crop and implements: near school and depot:
will take in part San Francipco improved
property; clear; no agents. Inquire WA
Sixth St.. from » to 3.
DENTISTS.
VAX VKOoM slectroVdental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive" fact; full set of teeth. $5 up: silver
rllliUßs, 2.V up: Koiu crowns, IS .'0 up; your
teeth put In without a plate, open evenings.
B9" Market St., cor. Sixth: "Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set of teeth, X; painless extraeUns
free; we make a specialty of crown and
bridge work: crowns, j.l U; fillings, 50c; all
\m r!c painless and warranted 10 yetrs; our
rrlces are 'ilwayn the lowest in town. Pa-
cific Dental Partor. i s Third st.
A FILL s.t of toeth, tf; see new flexible
plates; Unlit and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Pixth st.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 30c;
plates, $•>: B«W filling. 7bc up: silver. So up;
pUtes mended, $1 up: open -v. ■nines and
Sundays. SB? Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 PW ye t: extracting 50c: gas given.
PR. QEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leeic dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patent f improved britee wort or teeth
without plate, moved from C to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
no Market St., Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32. fifth floor. . - ■
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CAKE and F. TEAGUE.
..removed to Call bid*?.. 6th floor, rmi. 603-607,
AT.T> work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market at. ...;. ...
SET of tp-th without' aU plate. ■ DR. H. C.
• YOUKG, mi Polk st. '■-'■--■ . -
HI IvAI'.KIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
•• Knr.wriptl.inn and -vnrt flds takon. » . .-. ■ ." --..
■ "T~r"r '""■■ : - IMIY.SK lAN.S. C^J^y '
rm. C. C. O't!O.\Ni:LL, office and residence.
,t: 120 C Market ; : diseases of , women a. specialty.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
DO YOU WANT
A Fruit. Grain or_Gra2ing Ranch?
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at less than foreclosure prices
IN CAPAY VALLEY.
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
30 miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
BS'4 acres near Winters $17 T.O per acre
2030 acres near Esparto $20 00 p«r acre
160U acres near Tancred $20 00 per acre
10:, acres near Winters $22 50 per acre
131 acres near Madison $30 00 per acre
320 acres near Winters $30 00 per acre
161 l ,i acres near Capay $40 00 per acre
ALSO
12S0 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
4SO acres near Merritts., $16 50 per acre
240 acres near Dunnlgan $11 00 per acre
ALSO
110.) acres near Willows $27 30 per acre
800 acres near Anderson, Sacra-
mento River bottom $16 50 per acre
„,„„ GRAZING LAND.
E2Vf?si acres flanking' Capay Valley. s4 00 per afire
452« acres flanking Capay Valley. ? 2 75 per acre
.JT9B /i-res adjoining Capay Va1. 52 25 per acre
MOQ acres adjoining Capay Val. s3 50 per acre
7'j2o acres near Red Bluff ,$2 00 per acre
MoAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
RUSSIAN River Valley lands; near Healds-
burg, Sonoma County; 10 acres in vines and
ird; ftne well iirid windmill; 3-room cot-
tare; 7 acw?s adjoining, partly in vlhes;cheap;
_McAFEE TIROS., 10S Montgomery St.. S. F.
PASTURE ~LANDS!
FT Sale or Rent!
Reclaimed and unreclaimed marsh lands;
rent l"c an acre and upward; for sale $2 an
acre and upward. McAFEE BROS., 10S Mont-
gomery St., S. F.
600 ACRES near Concord; 25 acres bearing or-
chard, 10 acres vines, 300 acres grain; fine
Improvements; only $16,000. McAFEE BROS.,
'. Montgomery st., S. F.
IMPROVED fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley, Nevada County, in mining district ;
220 acres; only $5000. McAFEE BROS., 10S
M.'iit^'i mery st.. s. F.
40 Ai'HKS best Napa County wine land for sale
verj oheap; this place is a good, business lo-
cation. Address MRS. B. HOKRMANN, Mel-
rose, Cal.
'i 'i\TKY home to let in Santa Clara Co., bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Maytield; house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 ydars to suitable tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Est. Agts., 630 Market.
WILL sell or exchange for property In this
city or Oakland— A ranch of 56 acres, unin-
curnbered; 6-room cottage, hard-finished, well
furnished; stock, farm implements, etc.;
within 3 miles 'of Santa Rosa. Particulars
2914 California St., after 4 p. m.
FOR sale— l3s acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber: near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendoclno Count-" consisting of the NB.
VAV A of SW. 14 of Sec. 31. township 14 N., range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc..
apply to A. CLOCK Navarro. Cal.
WRITE for list; pood land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. ORIFFIN. Cottonwopd. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5 PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch,
or will sell it at a bargain; payments as rent,
$75 for a fine lot; $3 cash. $5 monthly; build
your own home, or we will build it for you;
payments as rent.
$125 for a nice lot and barn: $10, $5 monthly:
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 3 electric
car lines and fine school near; streets all
graded, some macadamized; soil, climate and
view the best. Call or send for circular, 4.".9
Ninth st., bet. Washington and Broadway,
Oakland. . 11. Z. JONES, Owner.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. " 166*150, with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $&> per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will I.- soli] In whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAOHAN, SH Broadway, Oakland.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A RARE chance for a good home in the Uni-
versity town; a seven-room house, nearly
new; close to Berkeley station: price only
$16T.0; terms $235 down, remainder with 8 per
cent interest, payable in $18 monthly pay-
ments. O. O. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St..
Berkeley. - . . ;'•■■'
' OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this .week. SCHELL.HAAS' = old store. 403
■ Eleventh : St.. Oakland. '■ . ;:> ■:-■■■•.:::■■■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate.
special notice.
first cusle. first served.
Just like paying rent.
$1200, $1700, $1800, St'2oo, fMOO, $3000.
The above are lovely c'ttages, which have
been thrown on •' market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
:ilnv>st new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out and invite
I inspection. MARCITSE * REMMEL.
i Bav-st. station, Alameda. and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
%",'*' --Lot ."0x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
' schoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
| $1600— Lot 50x110; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
• bnth: near Chestnut station.
12850—1150 cash; $2."> per month; lot 40x150; only
■ 2 blocks from station and nlgn school.
$37, r i0 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x1.-' •: choice location; very easy terms.
liases to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L fc CO.. 1432 Park St.
lIERKELKY REAL ESTATE.
A THORi iT'CHLY w.-U-built house of 7 rooms;
larije lot: street work done; near university;
easy terms. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Es-
tate. Berkeley station.
A BRI bargain— 2 acres, with small houxe,
only four blocks from North Berkeley sta-
tion: fine, slsbtly Place; $sr,o per acre; must
be sold. O. S. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.,
Berkeley.
>iom:y to loan.
ANY amount at 6'j per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In
Firobate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
urniture without removal; no delay. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. : low in-
terest; private; no oom. R. 68. 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
. Store. 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 T'P to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. B.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kenrny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no cnijimlpston; )?5 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell St.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121; established 1569.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 828 Montgomery st.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 50S California st.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rate*; Ist and 2d mort*.;
any proposition. Dryd-.-n, 4H Montgomery St.
CITY and country: any num; Ist and Jd mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market St.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates: no com.; private. US McAllister st.
SIXTH, to— Most reliable placa to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry.
BTNAJfOIJA.
LOANS rvt real e^tnte. bond?, etc.; lowest
rates. Mc.AFKE UROS.. ins Montcomnry *t.
PAWNHICOKKKS.
SAVE interest nnd borrow from theCTJTRATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.; private rooms.
■fONBY WANTED.
UOOn — Wanted in manufacturing business; 5000
Fhar.'s of Stock; ■comity. 1309 Broadway,
Oakland.
■ BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
banded in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorised to have the same pub-
lished.
•BORN.
X<H'KTl— ln this city, March 23, 1898, to the
wife of August Nocetl. a daughter.
MAX!!! : '
ANDEttBON— GAUHENKH— In this city, at
the Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church. March 23. I&9S. by the Rev. John A.
B. Wilson. D.D., Ktiward A. Anderson and
Mathilde C. Gardener, both of San Fran-
cisco.
TIENKEN— KOSTER— In this city. March 19.
1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. William
Tienken and Anna Koster.
DIED.
Anglin, Patrick Lane. Michael W. .
Browning, Lillie C. Mafcoa, Hugh
Buckley, Mrs. C. W. Marks. (Vlia H.
Burke. William F. Martin, Mattie
Casson, C. S. Monnler. George
Cl in nerman. Ellen Morris. Piiu-us
Conway, Mary i > Myrn<\ Margaret
Crowley, Timothy Offner, J. J.
Farren, George Peck. I'ennia B.
Fcrner. Willie Prtee. Margaret D.
Hanson. Charles Salomon. Isidore
Hildebrand. Katr'na Schmitt. Pauline
Hoffmann. Mary E. Stahl. Bertha K.
Jackson. David Taylor, Mary
Jenks, Charles A. Wade, Ella C.
ANGLIN— In this city. March 22. IS9S. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Annie Anglin. and
brother of Thomas Anglin, a native of tas-
Uegraee. County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 64
years,
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, K2Hi Bryant street, thence to St.
Peter's Church. Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a requiem high mane will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:80 o'clock. Interment Holy-
Cross Cemetery.
BROWNING— In this city. March 22. 1898. Lillie
C, dearly beloved daughter of William and
Sophie Browning, and sister of Mrs. C. Man-
gels. Mrs. C. MiMissilTffer and J. N. and Wil-
liam Browning, a native of San Francisco.
{[^? Funeral private.
BUCKLEY— In Nevada. March 20, 189 S. Mrs.
Catherine W. Uuokley, beloved mother of
John Buckley, a native of County Mayo, Ire-
land, aged U years and 3 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:3'i ..'clock, from the par-
lors of Care.w & EqgUah, 41 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be ot-lebrated for
the- repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Lynn, Mass.
BURKE— In this city, March 23, 189 S. Wil-
liam F. Burke, lieutenant of police, beloved
husband of Delia Burke, and brother of Pat-
rick A. Burke, a native of the parish of
Tynagh, County Gal way, Ireland, aged 4b
years and 20 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fulfy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at H:4." o'clock, from his -late resi-
dence, 2SS Shot well street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo. where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASSON— In this city. March 23, IS9S. C. S.
Casson, aged 60 years.
CLINGKR.MAN- In this city. March 23. IS9B.
Ellen Clingerman, beloved mother of A. M.
Clingerman, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
68 years 2 months and 4 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 141 Rosa- avenue, near Octavla street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CONWAY- In Oakland, March .22, IS9B. Mary,
beloved daughter of Peter and Margaret
Conway, sister of James, Peter and Lizzie
Conway, niece of Mrs. M. O'Connell. and
cousin of William Pages, a native of County
Leitrlm. Ireland, aged 25 years.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her aunt, Mrs. M. O'Connell. 1108 Seve-nth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
CROWLEY— In Chlco, Cal., March 22, IS9B,
Timothy Crowley, beloved brother of John
Crowimy, of Sun Francisco, and father of
John c'n.wley Jr., a, native of Ireland, aged
68 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church. Tenth and Howard streets, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of bis soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FVRREN— In this city, March 22. 1898. George,
beloved husband of Helen E. J. Farren, a
native of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged
H years.
FORNER-In this city, March 23, IS9S, Willie,
only son of William and Marie Forner, a
native of San Francisco, asred 9 years 7
months and 14 daya.
HANSON— In this city, March 21, IS9S, Charles,
husband of Charlotte Hanson, and father of
William H. Hanson, aged 64 years and 8
months.
{C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitM to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
denaß, ISM Van Ness avenue. Interment Cy-
prvu Lawn Cemetery, by special train.
I'l. use omit flowers.
HILPEBRAXI>— In this city, March 23, 1898,
Katharina, beloved wife of George Hilde-
brand sister of Marie Schmidt, and mother
of George H. and Henry Tietjen, Mrs Harry
Reichstetter and Emil, Adolph. Otto and
Leland Hildebrand. a native of Merken-
fritz, Hesnen-Darmstadt, aged 51 years 7
months and 5 days.
HOFFMANN— In this city, March 23, 189 S. Mary
Elizabeth Hoffmann, a native of Australia,
h-.'l 54 years.
JACKSON— In the City and County Hospital,
March 23, 1898, I 'avid Jackson, a native of
Canada, aged 49 years.
JENKS- In San Rafael, March 22. 1838, Charles
A., beloved husband of Meta Buechert Jenks,
and father of Abbott Buechert Jenks, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 30 years and 10
day 3. (Boston and Everett, Mass., papers
plense copy >
(^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
— day), at 3 o'clock, at the chapel at Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetory.
LANE— In this city, March 23, 1898, Michael
W.i belovid son of Mlcnael and the late
Ellen Lano, and brother of Daniel. John,
George and Lulu Lane, Mrs. Singewald and
Mrs. Heine, a native of Ran Francisco, aged
23 years 1 month and 3 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 421 Vtcksbnrs street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
MAHON— In this city, March 22. 189S, HuKh.
beloved brother of Mrs. Patrick Cull. Mrs.
■\V. V. Glenn' in and Celia Mahon. a native of
County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 47 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at S:3n o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law, W. F. Glennon,
15 Cumberland street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a masa will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment private, in Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MARKS— In this city, March 23. 1808, Celia
11., beloved wife of the late Abe Marks,
mother of Louia. Eveline and Charlie Marks,
daughter of Mary and the late Louis Bleder-
mann. and sister of Charles, Louis, Erolinda
and Mary Itu-dermann, a native of Pan Fran-
cisco, need 2"i years E months and 2U days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 364 Minna street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city. March 23. 189S, Mattie,
beloved daughter of Mrs. Klla Martin, grand-
daughter of Mrs. Matilda Harris, niece of
1! II Harris, and sister of Mrs. R. Keeling,
a native of Richmond, Va.. aged 17 years 2
months and 2 days.
MONNIER— In this city, March 23. 1898, George
Monnier, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 months anil 14 days.
MORRIS— In U»if city, March 23, IS9S, Pineus.
beloved husband of Philipine Morris, and
father of Mrs. H. B. Harris. Mrs. R. Wae-
ner Mrs. J. Lowenstein, Mrs. F. Donovan
and Hannah. Mirian. Carrie and Milton Mor-
ris, a native of Germany, aged 65 years and
2 days.
O'HRVXE- In this city, March 22, 1898, Mar-
garet O' Byrne, a native of Ireland, aged 7S
years.
OFKNER— In this city, March 23, IS9S. J. J.
Offner, a native of Germany, aged 61 years.
PECK— Xn this city. March 23. IS9S, Dennis
Barker Peck, a native of New York City,
aged GO years.
PRICE— In this city. March 12, IS9S. Margaret
D., beloved wife of Augustus O. Price, and
daughter of the late Captain James Daly, a
native of Salem, Mass., aged 49 years 3
months and a days.
SALOMON— In this ctty, March 23. 1898, Isi-
dore, beloved s^n of Louis and Mtnna Salo-
mon, and brother of Solomon and Abraham
. Salomon. Mr?. Hremler and the Misses Sarah
and Pauline Salomon, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged .2 year* R months and 23' days.
It^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHMITT— In this city, March 22, 1898, Pau-
line, belovi d wife Of H. I.- Schmltt, and,
mother of Mrs. Joseph Naphtaly, Mrs. Julius
Witt and Joseph L., Charles A.. Maurice and
Edward A. Si'hmitt, a native of Alsace, aged
S! yean 1 month and 26 'lays.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:90 o'clock, from her late
residence, }603 Post street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
STAHL— In this city, Man h 23, IMC. Bertha
E., beloved daughter of William G. and
Mary Stahl. and sister of William Jr., Paul
J.. Lillie. Eddie and Fred Stahl. a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years 6 months and
10 days. - . • ■
TAYLOR— In the City and County Hospital,
* March 22,"- 1898, Mary. Taylor, a native of Ire-
; land, aged 60 years. , •
WADE— In Nap*. Cal.. March 21, IS9B, Ella C,
beloved wife of William F. Wade, and sister
of Mrs. JeanQtte A. Goess of Son* ma, Walter
•yT.-* Robinson of -San- Francisco and Charles
11. Robinson of Seattle, Wash., a native of
Portland. Me., aged 47 years.
.'.; C^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral this day •
■ -(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resl-
.'. denc«s ;of her, brother.:? Walter T.-Roblnson.
2534 Howard .street. Interment Laurel' Hill
i^*iii£i*iii____j^________i__l_____i______
7 ™!™
I FUXEKAL DUiECTOKS & KMUALMBK* I
lit. JiiTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln 8ou»ol. 9
. ° . '- Telf^Dhono. South SO.' " . ". I
1516
HOW GOLDEN CAINS WERE REAPED BY PLUMBER DUFFY
Being a Continuation of the Ferry Depot Scandal
and the Ways of the Harbor Commission.
Paid Extra for Poor Work
and Bad Material.
Experts Declare the Plumbing Should
Be Condemned as Violating
the Specifications and
Unhealthy.
The men who hold the contract for
doing the plumbing and gas-fitting
work in the new ferry depot building
have found employment to be profit
able to such a degree that, considering
relative hardships, the riches of a
Klondike placer claim sink into insig
nificance.
Granted a c ntract at a price they
considered to be sufficiently large to re
turn a profit, they have added to their
gains through changes, omissions
and the kindness of Commissioner Col
non and Architect Swain, until as the
work stands now. the net gain that
has accrued to them about equals the
amount of money actually expended.
They have been permitted to perform
work in a manner that would not be
allowed in any public or private build
ing in the <ity; they have violated all
the rules laid down by* the Board of
Health for the guidance of those whose
business it is to fit buildings with sani
tary appliances, and for doing this,
and for some score of other minor
thinps, they have received the favor of
the architect and the Board of Harbor
Commissioners, and some thousands of
dollars of money belonging to the
State, to which they have no just
claim.
Believing that frauds had been per
petrated in connection with this, as
well as every other contract for work
on the ferry depot building. The Call
secured the services of an expert
plumber and gas-fitter whose ability
as well as personal integrity is well
known to almost every business man
in the city for the purpose of ascer
taining beyond a question of doubt the
facts as they exist. This gentleman,
Thomas J. Ford, was provided with an
authorized copy of the original plans
and specifications under which the
plumbing contract was let, instructed
to thoroughly inspect the completed
work and render a true and impartial
report of his findings. This report in
its entirety can be found in another
column on this page. It shows among
other things that the work as perform
ed by E. James Duffy, the contractor,
PLUMS FOR THE PLUMBER.
SHOWING HOW HE SAVED HIMSELF NEARLY
FOUR THOUSAND DOLLARS ON HIS
FERRY BUILDING CONTRACT.
To W. S. Leako, Manager San Francisco Call— Dear Sir: The following is my
report of the plumbing in the new Union Ferry Depot, showing the various dis
crepancies in the work as performed when compared with the specifications under
which the contract was let:
The specifications call for all leader, waste and soil pipes to be of extra heavy
cast iron, and instead wrought iron pipes have been used. The specifications say
that no bent pipe of less than four inches diameter shall pass throueh the roof.
The rules of the Board of Health also say that all soil pipes shall be continued full
gize through the roof. This has not been done in a single instance in this building.
I find on the first floor that the following changes have been made:
" SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD WAITING ROOM.
ORIGINAL PLAN. I WORK AS PERFORMED.
Soven closets. Three closets.
Two wash basins. One wash basin.
One U. S. One U. S.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD WAITING ROOM
Seven closets. I Three closets.
Two wash basins. On« wash basin.
One U. S. I One U. S.
BAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC RAILROAD WAITING ROOM.
Four closets. i Two closets.
One wash basin. One wash basin.
One U. B. I One U. S.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD WAITING ROOM.
Four closets. Two closets.
One wash basin. One wash basin.
One U. S. One U. 8.
Same floor extra plumbing not on original plan, but on revised plan:
CHIEF WHARFINGER'S OFFICE: One closet, one U. S., one basin.
LAVATORY OFF WAITING ROOM: One closet, one basin and one U. S.
Second floor plan:
WAITING ROOM SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
ORIGINAL PLAN. I WORK AS PERFOPMED.
Six closets. Two closets.
One double hasin. One doubfe basin.
One single basin.
WAITING ROOM SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Six closets. Three closets.
One double ba-sin. One double basin.
One sinule basin.
WAITING ROOM SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Six closets. . Three closets.
One double basin. One double basin.
One single basin. i
WAITING ROOM SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH COAST RAILROAD.
Six closets. I Three closets.
One double basin. One double basin.
One siriKle basin.
Original plan shows one kitchen sink, one wash basin in serving room, one
double baaln in barber shop, two basins in ticket office, one basin in waiting room,
one basin in board room. All of these have been changed or omitted.
MEN'S LAVATORY.
ORIGINAL PLAN. WORK AS PERFORMED.
Six closets. Two closets.
Two double basins. Two U. S.
One U. S. One basin.
WOMEN'S LAVATORY.
Six closets. j Two closets.
Two double basins. O n e basin
I Two U. S.
In addition to these there have been placed in the building the following fixtures
not caJWI for by the original plan: Six basins, two closets and one U. S
Following will be found conservative estimates of the saving to the contractors
by reason of the enumerated changes and omissions:
[
. ....«._.... . . «... x-. — •-■ ••-■«••••*»»••. a* vu |M(ir 9if%<»
t'enl pipes Hi rougrh roof. 100
Vent pipes Jirst floor ..'. 235
rio»et» not put in .1075
Cost ofclosctN ." ............... 133
Cost oi' ti 1 1 ill basins : .:.........[ »a."5
Sl«l>», safes autl taints omitted. ; .... . . .......... 1124
Total 93009
11IOU1KI JT. FORJD.
fails in many important and almost
vital respects to comply with the speci
fications, and in each and every in
stance the failure of the contractor to
live up to the terms of his contract re
sulted in a gain to Mr. Duffy or to
other persons interested of from a few
hundreds to more than a thousand
dollars.
Not only has the work been done in »
manner not contemplated by the orig
inal specifications, but it is in its com
pleted form a menace to public health
and a positive detriment to the build
ing. These facts were brought to the
knowledge of the Board of Health, and
in compliance with a request made by
this paper, Secretary Godchaux, ac
companied by Chief Plumbing Inspec
tor J. J. Sullivan, visited the build
ing yesterday afternoon and thorough
ly inspected the plumbing work therein.
Mr, Sullivan's estimate of what he
saw there is also given in another col
umn. He said in brief that the work
as performed by Mr. Duffy and accept
ed by Architect Swain and the Board
of Harbor Commissioners, is not only
a disgrace to the State and a menace
to public health, but is also so defective
in its construction that it will not now
or ever answer the purpose for which
it was intended. He also sajd that had
he the authority to do so', he would
condemn the entire work and have it
taken out of the building.
Mr. Sullivan corroborated all that Mr.
Ford had stated regarding the saving
effected by the various changes that
have been made in the original plans
and specifications, and asserted his
belief that the work as it now stands
could have been performed at a cost to
i he State of something like 30 per cent
less than the original contract price.
To give the uninitiated an idea of the
immense steal perpetrated in connec
tion with this plumbing contract it
may be well to enter into the details
of a few of the more prominent imper
fections. The original specifications
under which Mr. Duffy secured the
contract for doir>- the work called for
all leader, waste and soil pipes to be
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 24, 1898.
of heavy castiron. The kind put in by
the contractor ip wrought iron pipe.
Wrought iron pipe is manufactured in
lengths of thirty feet or less, and is
screwed together after the manner in
which gas pipes are fitted. Cast iron
pipe is manufactured in live foot
lengths, the joints being made with
molten lead and oakum in precisely the
same manner as the heavy \vai=r mains
are connected. The labor and mate
rials required to do this work is a
wy important factor in the cost, so
great, in fact, that the saving to the
contractor on this item alonj is ?sti-
EXTRAS THROWN IN.
For lit (ins: postoflice $557
Change from «-:i«.l to
wrought iron system.... 3003
Change in leadef pipes 475
<;ii an are in clos»et« 715
<;iians'« in as pipes 700
Total - $41510
mated at $975. Instead of deducting
this' amount from the original price of
the contract when the chang* was
made, the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners, acting under the advice of
Architect Swain, voted Mr. Duffy an
additional $2060. In other words, the
contractor made the change :it a sav
ing to himself of $925, and was given a
boms of $2063. This was a stroke of
business that netted the contractor
$3000. this amount also being the figure
of the State's net loss in
Had this been the only loss due to
th'o remarkable change the result
PLAIN TALK OF THE JOB.
THE PLUMBING BAD IN ALL RESPECTS AND
SUCH AS WOULD BE REJECTED
BY AN EXPERT.
Statement of J. J. Sullivan. Chief Plumbing Inspector for the Board of Health:
The SSmWng that has been put into the Ferry Depot Building >s about the
worst that has ever come under my observation. It should be condemned and
taken out If an attempt were made to put such work in a private dwelling, buui
,Ss block or any structure belonging to the city and county of San Francisco
the work would be condemned without a moment's hesitation.
\s it is it is more than likely that the entire system as inaugurated in this
building will have to be taken out within less than two years. The work has not
been done according to the original plans and specifications, and the material used
is of an inferior quality. _ '
It appears to be a big swindle from beginning to end, both in plan, workmanship
and material used. It is a disgrace to the State.
might not have been wholly bad. Ac
cording to Expert Ford and Chief
Plumbing Inspector Sullivan, this
wrought iron pipe will within a year or
two have to be removed from the build
ing In the belief of thos- gentlemen
a rd others familiar with the facts, the
,N inical action of air and moisture
upm wrought iron pipes cause it to
rapidly "scale." The tCftfe in Die
course of time stops up the pipe and
renders the entire system worthless.
The specifications under which the
contract was awarded explicitly state
that the work shall be done in accord
ance with the rules of the Board of
Health. One of these rules reads as
follows:
"All air pipes shall run of undimin
ished size, separately or combined,
through the roof, and for two feev
above, and be left open, or they may be
connected with the soil pipe at a point
not less than one foot above the high
est fixture and not less than three feet
and six inches above the floor line."
In addition to this the specifications
expressly state that no vent pipe of
less than four inches in diameter shaU
pass through the roof.
The work as completed shows how
closely the contractor has followed the
provisions under which he undertook
to perform the work. None of the air
pipes run of undiminished size to the
roof and such as pass through the roof
are of no greater diameter than two
inches. Some of the air pipes, in fact,
do not run to the roof or any other
point of exit. They are simply cut off
at some convenient place regardless of
all laws governing sanitary plumbing
work This is one of the facts which
led Inspector Sullivan to pronounce
the entire work worthy of condemna
tion.
While scarcely an item of construc
tion has been overlooked by the con
tractor in the process of tearing down
the costly work and material, it is in
the matter of the fittings for the toilet
rooms that he effected his greatest
stroke of business. Changes and omis
sions have been made in the original
specifications whereby the contractor is
absolved from the necessity of putting
in something more than thirty closets.
This meant to him a lump sum saving,
of $1075. Not only this, but the closets
he did provide were of a kind that cost
about $5 each less than those specified.
By doing this he saved himself approx
imately $135.
It might be presumed that an ordin
ary person would believe that this
very neat saving on a single item of
construction would be satisfactory to
the most greedy contractor. Not so with
Mr. Duffy. He and the gentlemen who
have in their keeping the funds for the
providing for the erection of the ferry
building put their heads together and
arrived at the conclusion that this
change from i.iany closets to a few and
from costly closets to less expensive i
ones called for a bill ' extras. This
was forthcoming in the shape of a
proposal from the contractor to effect
the required changes for the sum of
$715 additional - his contract price.
This pn ; osal was promptly accepted
by the Commissioners.
It so happens that Mr. Swain's atti
tude in regard to this particular change
Is a matter of record. It may not be
amiss to present it here and thus pre
vent any misunderstanding as to where
at least portion of the responsibility
lies. It is in the form of a communica
tion to the State Board of Harbor Com
missioners, under date of January 15,
1897. It follows:
Dear Sirs: Referring to the communi
cation of E. James Duffy to your board,
dated December 24, 18%, and more par
ticularly to that part offering: to change
the whole of t£e water closets iv the
Union Depot and Ferry-house from
straight hoppers as specified, to style of
closets as erected in the Mills building,
and all the work in connection therewith,
in each and every respect, for the sum
of $715, I beg to say that on investigation
I find the extra price to be reasonable,
and also that it would be advisable to
make the change. I would therefore rec
ommend its adoption. Yours respectfully,
EDWARD R. SWAIN.
There is still another Important item
in Mr. Duffy's long list of changes and
omissions which should not be over-
looked if a full understanding of the
manner in which the work has been
done would be had. This is the provis
ion in the specifications that all the
piping must be embedded in the walls.
This has not been dune, and the fact
is so very conspicuous that it forms, as
it now stands, one of the chief archi
tectural defects in the building. On the
inner side of some of the heavy pillars
supporting the arches of the main en
trances of the building ai 3 a dozen or
more unsightly, great, black iron pipes
running from floor to ceiling, and
standing out from the masonry work
from two to six inches. Had the pro
vision of the contract been followed
these pipes would have been embedded
in the pillars and would have been out
of sight. The saving to the contractor
in this particult-- has not been esti
mated, but it can be readily seen that
it involves a very considerable sum.
In the matter of the change from
cast iron to wrought iron pipes, there
was also brought about a saving to the
contractor of a very considerable sum
in brass fittings that would have been
required had the provisions of the orig
inal specifications been complied with.
This point will he made clear by a
perusal of the following paragraph
from the specifications.
"All joints between cast Iron pipes
must be thoroughly calked with oakum
and molten lead, and the plumber will
make the joints impermeable to gases
by bedding the lead with hammer and
calking iron. For each joint in cast
iron pipe twelve ounces of lead must
be used for each inch of diameter of the
pipe in which the joint is made, no put
ty or cement joints will be permitted.
The lead used for calking must be pure
BEFORE.
soft pig lead. No old joints or other
defective material will be used. All
the sewerage pipe where required un
der the building to be of above make,
taking in all connections from leader
pipes to soil pipes. All joints between
lead pipes to be wiped joints. No cup
joints will be permitted anywhere. All
Joints between cast iron pipe and lead
pipe must be by heavy brass ferrules
of same size of lead pipe, soldered on
the lead pipe and calked into the iron
pipe. Brass pipes must be put together
with red lead in the best manner and
made perfectly tight.
"All joints between brass and lead
pipes must be by proper brass solder
ing nipples. Iron supply pipe to be
screwed together with proper fittings."
All of this work the plumbing con
tractor got rid of by the very simple
process of having the Harbor Commis
sioners authorize a very convenient
change from cast iron pipe to wrought
iron pipe. The labor and time required
to fit the joints with hammer and calk
ing irons with the best pure soft pig
lead was avoided, and the person or
persons who brought about the change
reaped a rich reward.
In fitting up the wash basins, of
which there are several dozen in the
building, the contractor again forgot
the specification, and enriched himself
thereby to the tune of $1124. The par
ticular part of the specifications which
he ovelooked follows:
"Safe under wash stands to be of
one and a quarter inch California or
other approved marble, with counter
sunk tops, with brass strainer, nickel
plated, connected with two-inch safe
waste. Each basin or group of basins
will have a loose key compression lock
stop cock to shut off supply when de
sired."
Neither California marble nor any
other kind has been used for the safe
under wash stand. There is no safe,
and being none there can be no coun
ter-sunk top, brass strainer nickel
plated, or any of the other fittings
specified for this particular furniture.
The basins as they stand, therefore,
appear as they are, of the cheapest
possible construction, their cheapness
I being exactly proportionate to the
I amount of the contractor's illegitimate
gain.
Another saving in connection with
wash basins was that brought about
by the change in the specifications leav
ing out a- number of those originally
provided for. "**-•- change netted Mr
Duffy $325, not an inconsiderable sum
when considered as an abstract propo
sition.
The following communication from
Architect Swain to the Board of Har
bor Commissioners under date of Feb
ruary 1, 1897, may not be uninterest
ing when considered as evidence of the
unanimity with which the architect and
the contractor for plumbing agreed on
changes and prices that resulted in
profit to Mr. Duffy. It is as follows:
Dear Sirs: Referring to a communica
tion of your board from E. .1. Duffy, con
tractor for plumbing and gus fitting,
union depot and ferry house, dated Jan
uary 29. 189", stating that the plans for
rain water pipes and positions of same
are not in accordance with the plans and
instructions given him by the former ar
chitect of the building, claiming that the
change is more expensive to him than or
iginally contemplated, and submitting a
figure for the work involved in the said
change, amounting to $475, I beg to say
DEFECTS IN THE FERRY DEPOT PLUMBING.
that I have investigated the matter and
find as follows:
On the original plans the leader pipes
were marked only in the roof plans; no
section was shown indicating how they
should be carried down, and the contrac
tor, in estimating same, would have ev
ery reason to think that they were car
ried down straight. In addition to that
AFTER.
Mr. Duffy -says that he asked the ques
tion of the former architect when estimat
ing the plans, and was told that the
pipes were to run in a straight line from
roof to and through foundation. Upon
taking this matter up in detail in my own
office. I found that it would be impossi
ble to run the pipes down straight; that
if done in that way obstructions would be
encountered, the pipes would come in
front of undesirable places, and could not
be brought through the foundation and
into the bay without making offsets and
bends. •
1 therefore designed and showed them
on the plans in practicable places— fact,
in the only places they could be placed—
and it is" this change, which certainly
involves more work, of which Mr. Duffy
complains. ,
I believe his contention is correct, ana
have investigated the additional material
and labor required, with the following re-
result: 120 feet 6-inch wrought-iron plp«
at 65 cents, $75; 6S feet 6-inch wrought-iron
bends at $2 50, $170: cutting and threading
pipe, $122: labor, plumber and helper, $105.
I recommend that the above extra
amount ($475) be allowed Mr. Duffy.
Yours respectfully,
EDWARD R. SWAIN,
It will be noticed that Mr. Swaift's
estimate agrees to a cent with Mr. Duf
fy's proposals. It does not appear,
however, that he consulted with Mr.
Duffy as to prices and profits, and it ia
only fair to presume that this Js an
other one of the long and ever length
ening list of strange coincidences which
have marked the dealings between con
tractors and the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners.
To sum the whole matter up briefly,
the plumbing contractor, by reason of
changes authorized by the Commis
sioners and recommended by Architect
Swain, has made an illegitimate profit
of about $4000 on the work as orieinally
planned, and has besides been presented
with the sum of $4510 under the head
of "extras." In return for this the con
tractor has provided the State with a
system of plumbing that is something
more than worthless, and which, were
It in a private business block, would
be condemned by the Board of Health
as a menace to the public health.