VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 160.
FARNUM USED ONE BANK TO
SAVE ANOTHER FROM RUIN
He Betrayed Thousands of Depositors
Into the h|ands of tfye
Conspirators.
The £3ged Banker Played a Dubious Double Part in
the Destruction of the People's SaviQgs
Banl^ arjd ttye Pacific.
In the history of the ruin of the Pa
eifio Bank, The Call begins this morn-
Ing the publication of the letters of Dr.
R. H. McDonald. In December. 1891.
Dr. R. H. McDonald fled from this city
to evade the consequences of hia own
crimes and those of his sons. Before
he fled he promised the Bank Cammis-
Bloners that he v. ould piedge his
private fortune to save the institutions
with which he was so prominently con
nected. Instead of keeping his prom
ises he did everything In his power to
divert his property from any channel
■wherein the depositors might use the
courts to demand restitution. The aged
banker went to New York, and while
there kept himself closely in touch with
the affairs of the Institutions that were
fast drifting on to the rocks of finan
cial distress.
The letters of R. H. McDonald Sr.
present a dramatic story of a tragedy
of finance. The old man in the latter
part of 1592 and the first half of 1893
was battling against the wreck of his
fortune and almost of death. In the
greatest bitterness of heart he dis
cusses his private affairs, warns and
counsels his children, reminds them of
their duties and obligations toward re
ligion and begs them to accept the
warnings in time. In the old man's
letters Is the record of the terrible
struggle of the family to free them
selves from the human parasites
that were sucking their lives and
dragging them down to ruin. In
letter after letter written from New
York, where for nearly a year and a
half the eider McDonald was prac
ticaiiy iv hiding:, Dick is urged to brave ,
the storm that was battering the I
family to death. In the latter days of
the conspiracy the elder McDonald
seemed mad with grief that his for
tune and his honorable name should be
crushed.
In letter after letter the aged moral
ist discusses the beauties of a truly
Christian life and then asks his son to
steal ten thousand more from the bank.
At one moment he cries out that all
must pull together for the shore and
reach the end of the bank's career
honorably if not a dqllar is left at the
end. Again he cries despairingly that
"If my children go to hell, they will
go there knowing better." In the bit
terness of remorse the father of Dick
McDonald tells his son that it cost him
$100,000 to get rid of Clara Belle Mc-
Donald, the wife of Dick. Turning
again to the dreadful affairs of the two
banks, the old man in warning terms
Bays "we are surrounded by schemers,
traitors, vagabonds, thieves, and by all
means don't trust that Jew, Moses
Bherman." Throughout the story of
these letters reveals the conspiracy of
financial manipulators, the domestic
miseries and love entanglements of a
once-honored family, the corruption of
SUPREME COURT
CHAMBERS ARE
SMOKING RUINS
Havoc Wrought by a
Gas Explosion.
DISASTER AT WASHINGTON
ONE PORTION OF THE CAPITOL
BUILDING LAID WASTE.
Priceless Records of the Court De
stroyed by Fire Which. Im
mediately Followed the
Shock.
Bj>eolal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— An explo
sion and fire at 5:13 o'clock this after
noon wrecked the Supreme Court room
and the rooms immediately adjoining
it on the main floor of the Capitol.
The damage is enormous. The entire
central eastern part of the great mar
ble pile, from the main floor to the sub-
terranean basement, practically is a
mass of ruins. The force of the ex
plosion was so heavy that the coping-;
stones on the outer walls, just east of
the , point where the explosion occurred,
were bulged out nearly two inches,
windows in all ■ that part of I the build-
Ing were blown prut and locked doors
•were forced from their hinges quite a'
hundred and fifty feet from the scene
Of it. ■■;■. r .:-:r;;v / : . : : /w^ ■:... ~ri;k&'M ' : ?
Fire followed the explosion bo quickly
The San Francisco Call
I officials high In the State and the de
liberate robbery of thousands of men,
women and children.
Dr. McDonald fled from San Francisco
in December, 1891. In August of that
year the Pacific Bank was insolvent.
The Bank Commissioners had warned
the Attorney General and commanded
Dr. McDonald and his sons to rehablli
i tate the Pacific Bank and stop its aw
! ful drain on the People's Bank. Dr.
j McDonald tearfully promised the Bank
Commissioners that he would sacrifice
every dollar of his private fortune to
place his banking institutions again on
i a sound financial foundation. Having
j made that promise he fled from the
I State to evade its fulfillment. From
i that time on until the crash on June
j 22, 1893, Dr. McDonald was supposed by
| the authorities and the public to know
i nothing of the affairs of the institu
tion of which he was the president.
When the Pacific Bank failed he was in
New York, and, with the same fund of
tears to moisten his assertions, em
phatically declared that from the time
he had left the city he had taken ab
solutely no part in any transaction re
lating to- the banks. As a matter of
fact, when not prevented by illness, he
was intimately concerned in a!i the
Eastern manipulations. At his sugges
tion his enormous debt to the Pacific
j Bank was released by a crime; his
property was fraudulently deeded and
j hypothecated until it was placed be
yond the reach of execution. On one
occasion Dick was commanded to take
j $2000 and on another $1000 for the per
sonal incidental needs of his father.
And when the crash became inevitable
the old man himself, over his own sig
nature, told Dick to steal $10,000 more, j
so that the doctor might have living ex- j
penses for six months. The letters will
be found interesting and perhaps valu- I
able in any effort there may be made '
to recover the stolen property of the i
banks.
DR. McDONALD'S FEAR OF THE
BANK COMMISSION.
A few days after Dr. R, H. McDonald
fled from this city his interview with
the Bank Commissioners was still on
his mind, and from San Bernardino on
January 23, 1892, he wrote, in part to
Frank, his son, as follows:
I am desirous of knowing the result
of the interview you were to have had
or did have with the Bank Commis
sioners growing out of the note sent
us from them the day before I left the
city to come here. I doubt if I will
ever again enjoy the health _I us
ually have had. Three score and ten
hangs out her sign to say you are
nearing the end of that great un
known beyond, from whence no trav
eler has returned to bring us the
news, but where a triumphant faith
leads us on to a higher and better
place.
FARNUM THOUGHT THAT THE
BANKS WERE IN DANGER.
This intimate association of faith and
finance, this trembling at the designs
of earthly investigators and the child
like confidence in heavenly mercy, will
probably not strike the public with the
same confidence that it hit Frank Mc-
Donald.
as to seem practically simultaneous
with It. The explosion shook the im
mense structure to Its foundations and
was heard several squares from the
Capitol. It occurred in a small room
tightly incldsed by heavy stone walls
in the subterranean basement imme
diately below the main entrance to the
old Capitol building. In this room was
a 600-light gas meter, which was fed
by a four-inch main. Very little gas
is used in that part of the building,
but at the time of the explosion the
gas had not been turned off at the
meter. The meter itself was wrecked
and the gas pouring from the main
caught fire. The flames originating
prom the explosion darted up the shaft
of the elevator, which had been com
pletely destroyed by the force of the
explosion, and communicated with the
record-room of the Supreme Court, the
office of the marshal of the court and
the Supreme Court library. Before the
flames could be subdued the priceless
documents in the record-room had been
almost totally destroyed and serious
damage had been done in the marshal's
office and some minor rooms in the
immediate vicinity.
The library of the Supreme Court, lo
cated immediately beneath the Su
preme Court room, was badly damaged
by fire, smoke and water, practically
destroying the great collection of law
reference books. The library contains
about 20,000 volumes and was used not
only by the Justices of the Supreme
Court, but by members of Congress
and lawyers practicing before the Su
preme Court.
Mr. Justice Harlan said to-night that
the library was very valuable. Many
of the works it contained would, he
thought, be difficult to replace. Li
brarian Clarke, after a cursory ex
amination necessarily made by the
light of lanterns, expressed the opinion
that many of the books could be saved,
although they had been drenched by
water from the streams poured into
the library for two hours or more after
the explosion occurred.
The most serious damage, in the
opinion of the Justices of the Supreme
Court, is to the records stored in the
sub-basement. Theee Included all the
records of cases and opinions rendered
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOYEMBEB 7, 1898.
On January 31, 189& eight days after
the foregoing letter was written. Dr.
McDonald was in New York and the
little band of schemers and manipula
tors had already assembled there. W.
H. Eastland, A. F. Johns, M. H. Sher
man, O. T. Dyer and Dr. W. Jenning
son surrounded the old man and began
their flatteries and misrepresentations.
Dr. McDonald had received a letter
from J. E. Farnum, manager of the
People's Bank, and in answer to it,
wrote his son Richard as follows:
I had quite a long letter from Mr.
Farnum. He thinks the changes in
the financial board of the People's
Home Savings Bank were not wise at
the time they were made and gives
several reasons for this view of the
situation and says, among other
things, that there are some Innuendoes
afloat as to the condition of the Pa
cific Bank, and he intimates the pos
sibility pf some danger ahead. He
writes me in a very kind and faithful
manner and I think means truthfully
and well in all he says. Is It not awful
to get Into such a financial condition
as we seem to be at the present time.
Mr. Johns has always expressed the
greatest confidence in getting rid of
the John Brown and Madera property
to advantage and coming out with a
property. I think I would like to give
him $50,000 to insure us out of that dif
ficulty, and that would be the extent of
our loss In the enterprise. I have now
no confidence in the Dyer matter or
the Los Aneeles electric road. Taking
all together the Pacific Bank has the
widest circle and the greatest variety
of business on its hands that I have
ever known. And for your considera
tion and best interest In the future I
will state they never would have hap
pened if there had ■ been the proper
confidence, consultation and consid
eration between you and Frank as
well as myself.
THE PURCHASE OF CLARA BELLE'S
DIAMONDS
- •-.: At tar, fckfl vrHioar of th c" f nt-eßaing" let
ter T Dr. McDonald remained for a long
time silent. i .He . had been very ill ; and
was compelled to seek the t relief that
he might find at various resorts. - On
August 9, 1892, he was at ' Catskill, i New
York, and wrote a letter In reference to
the purchase of Clara Belle's Jewels by ;
Dick. The old man did not think well
of the purchase and wrote: /
I see by a telegram in one of ; the
papers here that the Clara Belle jewels
have been sold for a little over $2000
to pay the debts of creditors, and that
you are again probably the purchaser
;' and . hold them. If you are - the pur- -
chaser I hope you will get them out of
your hands or have it understood. that '
you now have no connection with them
as It will attract public attention and
criticism : such as I hope you do not
want if it can be avoided. If you have
the jewels I hope. you will break them
up with little expense into other forms
so as to avoid identification as; much
as possible.
"FARNUM WILL DO AS HE PLEASES
WITH YOU."
On August 17 the old man, who had
returned to New York, again wrote to
Dick as follows:
My Dear Son Richard: I think all
your hobnobbing with Farnum and
Toy will prove a disadvantage. They
will commit you all they can and then
do just as they please, using you as
far as they can carry you. Our bank
by the fathers of judiciary of the Gov
ernment. Apparently the documents
in this room are either totally de
stroyed or so badly damaged by fire
and %-ater as to be useless. Justice
Harlan said that while the loss of the
records was irreparable, it was for
tunate that the later records of the
court, which are kept in the office of
the clerk on the main floor, were not
injured. As documents for reference
at this time and later, Justice Harlan
thought these were of far greater
value than the records destroyed.
Fortunately the clerk's office was not
in the least damaged by fire, and the
explosion aid no damage in It except
to blow one window out.
James McKenney, Clerk of the Su
preme Court, expressed the hope after
making an examination of the old room
that some at least of the documents,
priceless from the view point of the
historian, could be saved. To-night,
however, owing to the inadequate light
ing facilities in that portion of the
building where the explosion and fire
occurred, it was impossible for him to
make an intelligent or thorough inves
tigation of the damage. The Supreme
Court room was damaged principally
by water and smoke, the fire not reach
ing that point. Adjoining the court
room, however, both the marshal's office
and the Senate barber shop furnished
food for the flames.
While many theories are offered as to
the cause of the explosion it seems be
yond doubt to have been due to escap
ing gas. At 5:07 o'clock Lieutenant
Nelson of the Capitol police detected
ELECTION SIGNALS FROM THE CALL BUILDING.
The Call will tell the result of the elections by signals from the dome of
The Call building.
The code, by which the public will be able to know the progress of the
returns, will be published Tuesday morning.
NEW YORK, Aug. 25, 3893.
MY DEAR SON RICHARD: Mr. Farnum is a narrow-minded, self -conceited, stubborn
man that knows very little except in one particular line, and assumes to know
everything, and one of two things must be done — that he must leave the bank, or submit
to the control of those who are interested and know more about the way of conduct
ing the bank than he does. I say this not to be repeated, but to be acted upon at
the proper time. I put him in the bank to be my servant, so far as his duties are
conoerned, and not to be a tyrannical dictator over me, and that he will soon learn.
True and affectionately, your father,
/
" FARNUM IS MY SERVANT, NOT MY DICTATOR."
In the conspiracy that ruined the Pacific Bank J. E. Farnum plays a conspicuous part. He was placed In the savings Institution by his cousin, M. H. Sherman,
and while in that capacity he handled the enormous sums that flowed into the People's Bank. As manager of the bank he transferred the deposits to th«
Pacific Bank as soon as th»*y were received. On one occasion he attempted to defy the dictation of the McDonalds, and I>r. R. H. McDonald wrote a let
ter of censure, part of which is given in fac-simile above. In the subsequent developments of the conspiracy Farnum was more tractable and did as he
was told. Under his management the People's Home Savings Bank became absolutely the feeder for the Pacific Bank.
has been saved from ruin and carried
forward with a marvelous success by
the course pursued, and I don't intend
a set of impecunious fellows to run it
into a rut and stunt its gTowth. and
that is just what is being done now.
1 look upon your interest in the
Californian Magazine enterpriseassure
to turn out with a loss, and how much
depends mainly with the length of time
it runs, in my opinion. And you don't
want a disgraceful bankruptcy of it.
the main notoriety and disgrace of
which is sure to fall upon you. If I
could have known yourthoughtslthink
I could have kept you out of it by
showing you its uncertainty and dan
ger, but you do every such thing in
secret. I regard that John Brown
colony business as the most danger
ous affair we now have on hand to
gether with the Bank of Madera.
Frank says he has consented that Mr.
Farnum shall sell some party $50,000
worth of P. H. S. Bank stock and
then make the man president of that.
I am opposed to anything of the kintl
and I want all such pledges declared
off. Neither he or you or any one
else has any right on your own re
sponsibility to make any such ar
rangements and I will insist on being
consulted before any more of the stock
is sold or any other movement of im
portance is entered into. Affection
ately your father,
r. h. McDonald.
DR McDONALD'S BITTER DENUN-
CIATION OF J. E FARNUM.
On August 25, 1892, Dr. McDonald
wrote an important letter to his son,
Richard. This document shows clearly
bow the } Pacific Bank was conducted.'
i?d to J. E. .j^ariiuin i?the"had not Hub
"inittedtb'"tha control ibr the McDonalds
—father and sons. ; Farnum was com
manded at this time to I do ; as ihe \ was'
told, to be a servant and not a dictator.
That part of the letter which lis S perti
nent is as follows :Q~
NEW YORK, August 25,: 1892. '
My Dear Son Richard: You say in
one of your letters that the People's
Home Savings Bank statement makes
a fine show, but don't forget, my boy, "
that for nearly a year we have done
• a large amount of, advertising in one ;l
or another form, and to an extent of
$1000 per month, and -to >; that more
than all others combinfed is due the ■
good - showing of the savings bank,
and now that the advertising is
stopped you will see ;■ the ' business is -
running down from week to week, and . I
the cry comes up "hard times and bad
business." Now, bad business Is not
the cause; it is on account of the
stimulant given the bank in the way
of our regular advertisements. And
you - will see, unless attention is paid ..:
to it, we will be in an old rut just the
same as other slow-going banks in our
city. ■'■• And just : about ?as well, s and I
want to prevent that if I can in spite
of the bullhead course that some of
the directors seem disposed "to ; take
and force .upon us on that subject.-.; It
is much easier ;to ; keep the business
going when in a prosperous way than -
it is to let it run down and then com
mence to build- it :up again, and 1 do ■
not want to lose the effect of our mo- v
an odor of gas from the corridor adjoin
ing the Supreme Court room. Not being
able to locate It he proceeded to Statu
ary Hall— the old hall of the House
of Representatives— thinking the gas
might be escaping from a burner In
that vicinity. While he was endeavor
ing to locate the escape of the gas the
explosion occurred.
Only a few persons, principally offi
cers of the Capitol police, were In the
building at the time, but several of
them had narrow 6 escapes. Before the
fire department, which responded to
an alarm sent in by a policeman three
squares from the Capitol, had arrived
C. P. Gllem, chief electrician of the
Capitol, and H. W. Taylor, chief en
gineer of the House side, had a stream
playing into the Supreme Court record
room, which by that time was a roar-
Ing furnace. Within a few minutes
after the arrival of the fire department
the flames were under control, although
as a precautionary measure streams
were poured into the marshal's office,
the library and the subterranean base
ment for two hours.
The firemen were unable, however,
for a considerable time to extinguish
the flame of gas which shot out of the
four-inch main In the meter-room.
From this main the fire swept through
an orifice in the basement floor caused
by the explosion and attacked the con
sultation-room of the Supreme Court
Justices on the main floor. Some dam
age was done to the furniture and fit
tings of this room, but it was incon
siderable as compared with that done
elsewhere. The robing-room ,of the
Justices practically escaped damage, j
mentum which we have obtained at so
much cost and energy In the way of
advertising.
Mr. Farnum is a narrow-minded,
self-conceited, stubborn man, that
knows very little except in one partic
ular line and assumes to know every
thing. And one or two things must
be done— that he must leave the bank
or submit to the control of those who
are interested and know more
about the way of conducting the bank
than he does. 1 say this not to be re
peated, but to be acted upon at the
proper time. I put him in the bank
to be my servant, so far as his duties
are concerned, and not to be a tyran
nical dictator over me, and that he
will soon learn. True and affection
ately, your father,
r. h. McDonald.
FARNUN HAS MOUNTED THE
THRONE AS A PETTY TYRANT.
In the latter part of the same month
Dr. McDonald wrote another important
letter to his son, Richard, in whih h*>
informed the latter to be on his guard
against Miss Mary Grant, as she was
becoming less and less useful to the
Pacific Bank and it would not be too
wise to talk to her of private affairs.
The doctor also took another fling at
Farnum and the proposed sale of $50,
000 worth of the stock of the People's
Home Savings Bank. The old man
wrote as follows:
Miss Grant, you say, is away on her
■vacation. Sht; is becoming less and
imM to us. Only a small por
' her time is ours noj>v'. 1 think
&n ;/iiy subject.
j ar.i a Httie afraid that she may n<y.
as loyal to us as she might be.
aii'd f Lather the less you* side with
r ■■-• , 5 « and his backers the hotter.
f *».'•. r ; will talk sweetly to you and use
ifluence for all they can make
") <!V df you, and there you will end.
;mp> i-ar'num has by his own authority
mounted the throne and attempting to
play the petty tyrant, which can only
last so long, and I hope you will not
allow him to use you for that purpose..
I consider him an honest man, a good
worker, but a narrow-minded bigot
that wants to rule or ruin. I person
ally placed him where he is, and he al
most at a stride assumes to be my
master and defy all my wishes. He
nearly acts like a fool and does not
see the ax over his neck. Mr. Toy is
a man with all the elements of sel
fishness wrapped up in htm, and as
sumes to dictate everything. Now,
these self-assumed dictators must be
and will be regulated some way.
Frank told me that he had agreed
with Farnum that he, F.. might sell
some one. if he could, fifty or one
hundred thousand dollars of the P. H.
S. 8., and such party could become
president of the bank, and that by
and by we would agree to take back
the stock if the purchaser desired to
have us take it back.
Now, what a nonsensical piece of
business that would be to do anything
of the kind. Now, we dont want to
sell any more of that stock except in
small lots, if at all. Second, we don't
want Mr. Farnum look us up a presi
' It was evident that the fire could not
be extinguished until the gas from the
main was cut off. That this might be
accomplished the firemen turned two
streams upon the main, choking the
flow of gas and at the same time cool
ing the pipe. Electrician Gliem, brav
ing the Intense heat, entered the mettr
room and shut off the gas at the floor
valve of the main. Throughout the
lower central portion of the old Capitol
building doors, windows and fittings in
common rooms and other apartments
are badly damaged.
Just north of the crypt an archway
almost over the meter-room was com
pletely blown out and masses of ma
sonry were hurled to the ceiling with
such force as to burst the stone and
plaster of the walls above. Ponderous
pieces were wrenched from their places
and throughout the corridors the fres
coing on the ceilings and walls were
utterly ruined. No damage was done
to the main foundations of the building,
as these are of solid masonry, deeply
imbedded and twenty-five feet four
inches thick.
The electrio lighting apartment, In
cluding dynamos, boilers and wir
ings, was not damaged. In order to
enable the firemen to work without
peril from live wires Electrician Gliem
cut off the current from all wires ex
cept one circuit which lighted the
lower western part of the building.
Within thirty feet of the scene of the
explosion a solitary incandescent lamp
marking the exact center of the Capitol
structure and hanging directly over the
bier in which it was proposed to lay tho
dent and think us to buy him out at
his own price with any such condi
tions. Third— "We have passed the
worst In that bank, I think. We had
all the troubles and difficulties, and
now if there is profits and honors to
come we want them and no more dic
tation from Mr. Farnum. I hope you
will not be a party to the arrange
ment made by Frank. I hope you and
Frank to just let matters remain as
they are. We have had enough of
this individual and personal responsi
bility business in our bank, and both
you and he ought to begin to see by
this time that a great prosperous and
promising business has been almost
wrecked by this personal responsi
bility business. Don't forget this, my
boy. Affectionately your father,
r. h. McDonald.
"CAPTAIN JIM" WANTED TO BE
MAYOR.
In 1892 Captain James McDonald had
a very serious thought that the people
of this city wanted him to be Mayor.
Captain Jim and his brother, the
doctor, were never very good friends in
their later years, and when the x doctor
heard on September 5 that his; brother
did have designs on the position ; now
occupied by the greatest "Hefter" in'
the land, he wrote to Dick as follows: •
: "I hope the 'i captain has too much
good sense to allow his name to be used
for Mayor of the city." *: '
It is not unlikely the pr--"- ~f the
Pacific; Bank ; knew tb ; v of
placing \ money !in ban ins
or in | treasuries, and Sj *iat
He had a - ■■kindly 'fntoi od
9 .rue of his brother. \yt ? '
that > Mayor ; Phelan : h. /
counselor. ' ; . .;^ ! *' r '^ »S
THE MONEY OF THE BANKS
. POURED INTO A BOTTOM
LESS SACK. ;■;■
If any of the friends of Dr. R. H. Mc-
Donald have I a lingering | hope . or belief
that the old man was ignorant ; of the
condition of his ; bank, the ? following
letter that was written from New York
on September 26, . 1892, will destroy - the
hope and dispel the belief :
My Dear Son Richard: I hope you
■ are doing all that can be done to keep
the Pacific Bank In , a prosperous con
. dition and '; that she may pass . safely :
over the ' rocks . among , which she is -
now passing. ■■- You 7 make ■no mention
whether you have sold the Madera
Bank or not. r I hope you : have. , I am
more afraid of that Madera property
than anything :we have. It ;to me is
like a sack open at each end. Pour
money in at the top and it is lost be
low, or the tendency Is dangerously that
way. If the bank is not sold I fear it
• will greatly reduce . the value of our
bank. s Now, I hope you will be able to V
get together the odds and ends of the .
Pacific Bank and that it may come out-
all right and that you and Frank will
learn - a valuable lesson. - Affection
ately your father, McDDNALD
r. h. McDonald.
remains of George Washington burned
brilliantly.
Among the losses which wia be most
sincerely regretted are those of busts
of Chief Justice 'Marshall and other
distinguished members of the Supreme
Court, which were arranged on small
pedestals about the Supreme Court
chamber. In the smoke and ruin which
followed the explosion these invaluable
works of art were either badly dam
aged or who. .j destroyed, and with
their destruction the country has suf
fered an irreparable loss. Many of
them have been treasured exhibits in
the Supreme Court chamber for half a
century.
The Capr 1 building has been dam
aged a number of times before by nre,
but it is believed to-night's nre will
prove to be the most disastrous in the
history of the building. On two occa
sions prior to this fires have been start
ed by explosions of gas. Seventeen
years ago a large amount of damage
was done to the same part of the build
ing by an explosion of this kind, and
in 1876 there was an explosion of gas
that killed two men and came near
killing another.
No intelligent estimate of the money
loss by the explosion and fire can be
made yet. In the opinion of the Capitol
officers and mechanics who examined
the structure to-night the loss will
reach probably $200,000 to the building.
The lobs on the library and records,
as stated above, can scarcely be esti
mated in dollar^ and cents. A million
dollars coud not replace them, because
of many of them no duplicates are in
existence.
Arrangements were completed to
night by Librarian Clark of the Su
preme Court and Colonel Richard
Bright, sergeant-at-arms of the Senate,
by which the sittings of the I Supreme
Court will not be interrupted. The
court will convene Monday In the room
of the Senate Committee on District of
Columbia, one of the most spacious
rooms in the Capitol. How long the
sessions of the court will be held there
will be determined by the Justices
themselves.
Americana on Guard at Pekine.
PEKING, Nov. 7.— The force detailed to
guard the United States Legation arrived
to-day.
PRICE FIVE CENTS*
'■YOU WILL REMEMBER THE
LESSON ALL YOUR LIFE"
If the foregoing letter was not
evidence enough that Dr. McDonald
was fearful of returing to San Fran
cisco and knew thoroughly the condi
tion of his banks here, the following
epistle will prove it:
NEW YORK, Oct 5, 1592.
My Dear Son Richard: You must
not expect much of me at i^e present
time, but, as you are doubtless aware,
I am keenly alive to all that is going oa
in San Francisco. My boy, keep the
Pacific Bank intact and going on safely
if you can, and if you can get out of
this complex condition of business
mistakes and the present embarrassed
condition of affairs you will have
learned a lesson that may prove of
value to you the remainder of your
life, even if it has cost you a fine for
tune to gain that experience. Affec
tionately your father,
r. h. McDonald.
-YOU WILL KILL THE GOOSE THAT
LAYS THE GOLDEN EGG."
On October 10, 1892, Dr. McDonald
wrote a letter to ; his son, Richard, i in.
which he shows that ;he had not yet
reached : the - point of ; distrusting O. T.
Dyer, who was 'in ■ New York trying to
negotiate ' unnegotiable - securities.
"While : the old gentleman believed that
the manager <of ' the j : Riverside Bank
was acting with fairness, he did not for
a moment, however, misunderstand the
wretched ■* predicament into which the
.Pacific v> Bank had :; been .»i placed -.: by i
T>yer.k'.l'he -eldcr-licDonald wrote t&
his son as follows: " ; ; , - s-
NEW YORK, Oct. 10, 18M.
My Dear Son Richard: From all I
can learn from Frank and others,
Dyer seems to be hustling here to get
money in one and another way, and
from the talk has a prospect of having
returns soon. The best thing, it seems
to me, is to let him alone, or you will
kill the groose laying the golden egg.
Of course, there is a point beyond
which this cannot go. I know
this to be a very vexatious and
dangerous debt we have against him,
and one most unwise for us to ever
have gotten into; but the management
on the part of Dyer has been most in
sidious and well planned to bring it
to what it is now. Affectionately your
father, R. H. McDONALD,
To-morrow morning The Call will
continue the publication of the letters
of Dr. R. H. McDonald, and will show,
to the public what the old man thought
of the schemes and the schemers that
had ruined the two institutions of
which he was the founder and the
leading spirit. In these letters the old
man discusses with a pathetic bitter
ness of spirit the private affairs of
himself and his family and the terrible
wreck of his fortune that came to him
after he had passed three score and
ten. These letters, associated as they
are with the wreck of two great insti
tutions, are of primary public impor
tance.
HAVANA`S YELLOW
FEVER EPIDEMIC
Great Anxiety Among
American Officials.
Preparations for the Reception of
Troops Suspended Owing to the
Illness of Those in
Charge, ' A -
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by Jamea Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov. 6.— The yellow
fever situation here is causing great
anxiety among the American officials.
The increasing number of cases, the
majority of which are of a serious na
ture, has alarmed the entire American
colony, and the announcement to-day
of two new victims caused the alarm
to develop to almost the character of
a panic. The disease apparently is
spreading rapidly and Is not confined
to the Vldado district, where Captains
Foraker and Beebe were stricken.
The outbreak of the disease in the
quartermaster's department has tem
porarily disorganized the work of the
office, which has charge of the erection
of camps and making preparations for
the reception of troops. As matters
now stand, it scarcely seems possible
to get them ready by December 15, tha
latest approximate date yet named.
Colonel Smith of the Commissary
Department, who arrived yeßterday,
took charge of the chief quarter
master's office this morning in place of
Colonel vVilliams, now ill.
Immune nurses especially are re
quired, as well as a properly equipped
isolation hospital. Dr. Lalne regards
the situation as grave. The conditions
In Havana, military officers believe,
will be no better in December and
January than they, axe saw.2
REPUBLICANS
CONFIDENT OF
SUCCESS
Gage Speaks in Los
Angeles To-Night.
MASS-MEETINGS IN THIS CITY
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE EVENT
AT SARATOGA HALL.
Cheering Intelligence Received at
Committee Headquarters From
All Parts of the
State.
Henry T. Gage, Republican nominee for
Governor, accompanied by his wife and
his secretary, W. I. Foley, left San Fran
cisco at 9 a. m. yesterday for Los Ange
les. Mr. Gage will address eight or ten
meetings in the latter city to-night.
Maior McLaughlln and his associates of
the Republican State Committee enjoyed
a day's rest yesterday and will be ready
for active duty early this morning. 'Apart
from completing arrangements for city
and interior mass meetings to be held
this evening very little business was
transacted yesterday at party headquar
ters. Many cheering telegrams were re
d during the (lay. From all accounts
the Saturday night demonstrations all
over the State were remarkable for attend
ance and enthusiasm. Under the auspices
of the State organization forty mass
meetings were addressed by able and elo
quent exponents of Republican doctrine.
Other meetings arranged by local author
ity were also held. The State is ablaze
with Republican enthusiasm from the
mountains to tl • sea. If the people vote
as they shout the victory to-morrow will
be the greatest Republican triumph ever
achieved in California.
To-night at Saratoga Hall in this city
under the auspices of the Continental
League, there will be another great mass
meeting in behalf of Gage and Ned and
Patton. The speakers announced are
General W. H. L. Barnes, Senator George
C. Perkins, Hon. Eugene F. Loud, Hon.
C. L. Patton, Tirey L. Ford and Julius
Kahn.
Another rally will take place at Cali
fornia Hall, on Bush street, under the di
rection ot" the Afro-American League.
Able and eloquent speakers will address
the audience.
A TRIBUTE TO LOTJD.
His Efforts in Behalf of Labor Appre
ciated in the East.
That Congressman Eugene F. Loud is a
friend of labor no one has ever ques
tioned. Workingmen throughout the
length of the coast have long given their
support to Mr. Loud, and now from the
East comes the news that his labors in
behalf of labor have been recognized and
appreciated. This fact is manifest from
a letter received by Edward Johnston
prominent in Grand Army circles, which
follows:
Beneath the Shadow of Historic Dorchester
Heights. South Boston, Mass., Oct. 27, IS9S.
Comrade Edward Johnston. Colonel Thomas
Cn?s l'"St, G. A. R., California— Friend John
ston: 1 have Just learned of the nomination
for re-election of Hon. Eugene F. Loud to Con-
Ikh from your state.
1 regret exceedingly that I am not a citizen
',of tiif? district ir. California recreßented in
Congress by Mr. Loud, for if I were it would
afford me great pleasure to battle and vote
for one who is referred to by Bostonians as
"one of nature's noblemen."
Congressman Loud of California by his tire
less efforts, suberb legislation and brilliant
record in Congress in behalf of the plain peo
ple, not alone of his own glorious State of
California, but of every State in the Union,
won the esteem, respect and admiration of
millions ol American citizens.
Twenty-nine years a Democrat in every sense
of the name, loyal to the party and its prin
ciples, yet with all the courage of my convic
tions, friendship for my fellow man and admir
ation for public men who stand for their less
fortunate brothers in the struggle for exist
ence and try to make life easier and happier
for the toiler. I would cheerfully vote for and
urge others to vote for such a man. I am in
formed that Congressman Loud Is one above
class. I care not what his political faith is or
may be, I only know that when a perfect
t-tranger to him I recently appealed to him to
"B n to the front" and stand by. a citizen of
jgan Francisco, Ca!., who in years long past
ftn-1 gone forever "stood by me. " when blessed
with youth, health and strength. I wore Colum
bia'a navy-bluo, as one of the "men who stood
behind the runs. " when Admiral Dewey was
only a commander in the service which to-day
in efficiency is second to none. Cnnnretsnian
Lend granted the request respectfully solic
its hv me. He went "straight to the front."
and my gratitude prompts me to pen you these
liifes. houins they may prove inter*>stlnK to
you and to your frienus on the golden sands
of sunny California. If you live in Mr. Loud's
district you will do me a prent f«*vor by voting
for and urging other citizens td vote for him.
to the end that merit, manhood, ability and
patriotism as represented and disalaved by
Hm. Eugene F. Loud may continue to reflect
credit on the State he so nobly und faithfully
represents in Coneress. Believe me to be ever
and always your friend,
M. V. MALONEY.
MAGTJIRE'S LAST SPEECH.
With Jff. F. Taylor, the Colorado
Orator, He Will Address a Meet
of the Laboring Men.
Judge Maguire reached this city yester
day from Santa Cruz, where he spoke to
an immense gathering on Saturday even
ing. This morning Judge Maguire will
report at the headquarters at 11 o'clock,
and in company with Mayor Phelan,
James H. Barry and William P. Lawler,
will visit the Union Iron Works, and meet
the employes during the noon hour.
He will leave on the first afternoon
A FAIR COUNT IS ASSURED.
AT every ballot box in the city when the count of the vote begins on
Tuesday evening, there will be two vigilant watchers on hand to see
that there is no mistake made in the returns on the Republican
ticket. This decision was arrived at last evening at a meeting of the
presidents of the numerous Republican clubs of the city, held at the quar
ters of the Union League. At th* last meeting of the Affiliated Clubs a
committee of seven was appointed to inquire into plans made by the State
and county committees for a careful supervision of the ballot, and last
evening it was reported that the State committee had already organized
its force of watchers but that, owing to a depleted treasury the county
committee had decided not to take this necessary precaution. It was im
mediately moved and carried that the affiliated clubs furnish two men from
their ranks for each precinct to assume the duty free of any cost, and to
proffer this assistance to the county committee.
Chairman Reuff of that body was caught by telephone and upon behlf
of his committee accepted and thanked the patriotic club men for their
bmtl; offer, and he promised Vi provide necessary passes and badges.
'Jo day the presidents of the different organ 'Uitions will call for volunteers
from their ranks and from all other bources to do active duty. In fact
th>? call has been already made in the folli-fving resolution which was
I assed last evening at the sug^33tioa of Chairman A. O. Perkins. Frank
If. Robinson was selected as the captain of the watchers, and all of
those who are sufficiently patriotic to volunteer in the protective measure
mapped out will find him to-morrow at the State committee headquar
ters on the first floor of the Palace Hotel.
AH Republicans desirous of having a fair count of the ballots to be east at Tues
day's election, anil to that end willing to volunteer their services at the polls in
the various precincts during the progress of the count, are respectfully requested to
caJl or communicate with the undersigned committee at the Republican State Cen
tral Committee headquarters at the Palace Hotel, where they will receive their
assignments, passes and badges. Telephone number. Main 6080.
A. O. PERKINS (Chairman),
DAMSON MAYER.
GASTON STRAUSS.
M. S. BLACKBURN.
FRANK H. ROBINSON,
FRANK D. WORTH,
HAMILTON J. RIGQINS (Secretary).
Committee of Seven.
"JUST WAIT UNTIL I GET IN OFFICE!"
boat for Sausallto, where an miormai
meeting will be held, and will return to
,San Francisco on the 3 o'clock boat, and
•at 8 In the evening 1 will speak in the open
air at Union and Hyde streets.
The next points to be covered will be
Powers Hall, at Turk and Pierce streets:
Jlowry's Hall, at Grove and Laguna
streets, and an open-air meeting at Fol
som and Eighth streets. Judge Maguire
will close at Metropolitan Temple, where
a labor mass meeting will be held in his
honor.
Lafe Pence, the distinguished orator
from Colorado, will also deliver an ad
dress; and an unexpected treat will be
furnished to those who attend by M. F.
Taylor, the Colorado orator who stumped
California for Bryan two years ago.
It is Judge Maguire's intention to sub
mit his cause to the people of California
at the close of this labor meeting-.
The Union Campaign Committee was
busy all day yesterday arranging the
final details of to-day's work.
There will be a mass meeting In the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District, which
will be held at Native Sons' Hall, on Sev
enteenth street, between Valencia and
Guerrero streets, and all these meetings
will be addressed by Mayor Phelan, AVil
liam Craig. James H. Barry. William M.
Hinton. John P. Dunn. Henry C. Gesford,
J J. Carrett, J. J. Dwyer, William F.
Humr - Walker C. Graves, and a host
of o -
CYCLOID FINISH
ALAMEDA POLITICIANS SPENT
A BUSY SUNDAY.
Republicans Concentrating Their Ef
forts in J. B. Talcott's Fight
for Supervisor.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 6.— Politics was at
fever heat In Alameda to-day. All sorts
of rumors were afloat. There were stories
of combinations, of backsliding, of knif
ing and everything else that absorbs the
attention of the politicians. The Repub
licans and Democrats held caucuses all
day and In all sections of the city, and
they have completed plans for a fight
next Tuesday which, from present Indica
tions, will be the liveliest election in
which the voters of Alameda have ever
participated.
The managers of the Stoddard cam
paign were In session nearly all day. They
appear satisfied with the light thus far,
and claim that the reports from all sec
tions of the county are most encouraging.
J. B. Lanktree is leading the Alameda
forces of Frank Jordan. He has matters
well in hand and is exerting every effort
to pull the Republicans into line for their
regular nominee for County Clerk.
In the eastern section of town the Re
publican workers are concentrating their
efforts in the supervisorial contest. They
are making what they call a cyclone fin
ish in behalf of J. R. Talcott. and are
confident of sending him out of Alameda
with the largest majority ever given a
candidate for Supervisor from the Second
District. D. W. Martin, Dr. C. L. Tis
dale and E. R. Anthony are managing
the canvas.*.
The Republican meeting at Hnclnal Hall
last evening was an enthusiastic affair. It
was purely a gathering of club members,
nnd over 150 were in attendance. J. R.
Knowland, Hy Morris, E. K. Taylor. J.
B. Barber and Lin Church were the
speakers.
The final Republican rally of the cam
paign will be held to-morrow evening at
Armory Hall. It promises to eclipse any
political meeting held in this city during
the campaign. E. R. Anthony will act
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1898.
as chairman, and the principal speakers
will be Victor H. Metcalf and Tirey L.
Ford. There will be fireworks, music and
everything else necessary to make the
event a memorable one.
The Democrats will hold a meeting
Monday night in the Randolph building.
TO AFRO -AMERICANS.
A Card Issued That Is of More Than
Passing Interest to Colored
Voters.
The following card has been Issued to
Afro-American voters:
The conditions 'which' prevail at this time are
precisely similar to those which obtained four
years ago during the Estee-Budd campaign.
Then two uncertain factors determined and
decided the issue,. viz., the A. P. A. and the
Afro-American vote. An effort has been made
to repeat the same political tactics— the alien
ation of the negro vote because of some imagin
ary grievance. We are again requested to do
some dirty work for foxy Democratic poli
ticians. The religious controversy has been
reopened. Former enemies are now friends,
and vice versa. Seeing, then, that the fate of
any candidate may hinge on a few hundred
votes, it behooves us to realize who our friends
are What can we expect In the -event of
Democratic success? Mr. Magulre represents
an element which is our natural enemy— the
foreign anarchistic element, the enemy of all
law and order.
The leaders "of the Republican party in this
State are misinformed concerning the number
of Afro-Americans registered. Many -"^.us ;
have not beerAdlstlnguished from othel' u "';ns
bo far as clafeslncatlon by race goes* «• £*-
hooves" us to Snake an effort to . P">cr'""Mur
identity on election day. For the first. "m? in
several years we are permitted to cast t "'U
vote for a Republican candidate for 'Hayor.
The political San Juan may be won fq- Gage
and Kelt by Afro- American votes. Let us not
again barter our political birthright for the
empty husks of Democratic promises.
PX AERO-AMERICAN LEAGUE.
B. L. TTRREL, Assistant Secretary.
__ « ♦ «
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code.
It will be published Tuesday
morning.
Veteran Soldiers and Sailors.
The McKinley Veteran Soldiers' and
Sailors' Club has issued the following ap
peal to voters to support the local and
Slate tickets:
To Veterans of the Civil War— The members
of the McKinley Veteran Soldiers' and Sail
ors' Cub believe that the best interests of
the r.r.tion demand that the present national
administration should at this critical period
receive our hearty approval and "upport, and
U-at the State o£ California should be in line
with the Re'mbllcan States east of the Rock
ies thus giving emphasis to our convictions.
TV accomplish this result we earnestly urge
all veterans regardless of party affiliations to
not only vote but W work for the success of
the exceptionally strong and acceptable Re
nublican State and municipal tickets.
Support of the Republican Congressional and
Legislative tickets is paramount. The time
for final intelllrent and patriotic action Is at
hand. "I'nited wo stand. "
To Old War Veterans.
The veterans of the War of the Rebel
lion will read with interest the following
appeal by one of their members for their
support of Charles F. ' Curry. Republican
candidate for Secretary of State: .
Attention. Veterans— Ton have noticed how
little consideration has been shown you since
you left the army with : your maimed bodies
"and repaired health so many years ago, and
how gratifying it was to meet those who ap
preciated the service you had rendered your
country Now. here Is a man: who has ■ always
be^n Vi friend of the - old soldier, uslnK^his
time and influence in trying to secure to them
their rights. He is now before the public as a
candidate for Secretary of .State. Comrade*,
remember Charles - F. . Curry, the ■ old soldiers'
f m nd! when you cast your votes Tuesday.
Your fellow veteran, E. A. * AL.V£,x. .
4GGS Nineteenth street. ... - -^
Strengthen Mayor Patton's
administration by giving him a
Republican Board of Supc/visors
and a Republican School Board.
Garfield Bepublican League.
Forty-six members of the Garfield Re
publican League have volunteered to
work at the polls on Tuesday in the in
terest of the entire Republican State and
municipal ticket, and to watch the count
in the evening. It has been resolved by
the league to use special efforts in behalf
of the following members, candidates on
the municipal ticket: C. L. Patton, I. J.
Truman, Asa R. Wells, Davis Louder
back J. M. Troutt, H. W. Philbrook, J.
£ Barry J D. Siebe, H. S. Martin, Ed
I'Sheehan. W. A. Deane, CS Til ton,
Martin F. Fragley. A. B. Treadwell, Wil
liam Tomsky. K. C. Kalben and A. J.
Johnston for State Printer.
Rally at Apollo Hall. .
The Henry Martin Club of the Forty
fourth Assembly District held their high
jin«.s at Apollo Hall on Saturday evening.
The hall was racked to the doors. Ed
ward J. Ford, president of the meeting,
made the opening address. He was fol
lowed by H. S. Martin. William A. Deane,
.Tuuge Kerrigan M. H. Barry, Alexander
Campbell and G. O. Boisson.
Why vote lor anarchy when
you can vote for prosperity ?
Army and Navy League Bally.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— The last big rally
of Republican forces in Oakland prior to
election will take place this evening un
der the auspices of the Army and
Navy League of Alameda County. There
will be a parade or escort up Broadway
to the Exposition building, where General
Salomon ot" San Francisco, and probably
Victor Metcalf, besides Colonel George
Babcock, who will preside during the
evening, will be the principal speakers.
■ ■» «
WANTS A FAIR COUNT.
Chief Lees Issues Instructions to
His Men About the Election.
Chief Lees is determined to suppress
any attempt to Juggle with > the election
returns. Last evening he issued the fol
lowing'written instructions to his men:
All officers detailed for election duty will
bring with them the copy of the Election Law,
and have it with them at the polls.
In each of the polling places there will be a
detail of police, who will, while on election ser
vice, act promptly in the discharge of their
duty.
The officer in .charge of the poll in the pre
cinct will immediately after the election for
ward his report to the central station of the
district, as hereinafter mentioned.
The duty of the police officers ■ detailed for
each polling place will be the preservation of
the public peace, and the enforcement of the
laws, particularly those relating to elections
and the maintenance of order at and near the
polls. '."
Excepting to vote, the officers shall take no
part In the election; and refrain from taking
any part, directly or indirectly. in the interest
of any party or faction. .
Without permission, no officer shall leave
his post of duty except in case of emergency
that may require immediate pol'pe service. -
The officer in charge of the -f Mis will wear
his badge distinctly. -displayed ;\h the.outsic'a
on the left breast, o** nls -coat. ~'*»l .■'---■*
■Whenever. there will be a plur pity- of voter*
waiting to deposit/ their ballof |, the officer
shall cause a line lo be formed, so "that each
voter may obtain an opportunity to vote in his
turn ■ and without unnecessary delay.. :
[fighting, : drunkenness, profane, obscene
or abusive language shall be permitted, but
every disturbance must - be : promptly quelled
by the arrest of the guilty persons.
The officers must be vigilant and diligent in
'the detection and arrest of any person , at
tempting- or committing any fraud on the
franchise, such as voting In the name of any
other person or the like ;. and must . promptly
arrest all persons ; who may instigate, cause,
aid or abet such an offense; also all persons
who. directly or indirectly, use any j threats,
menace, force or corrupt means or device to
hinder any elector from .voting, <or by any
means awe, restrain or disturb any elector in
the free exercise of the right of suffrage. Offi
cers must not permit the booths in charge of
the ballot clerks to be obstructed. . .
'■ : • » ■ ■ — , ■ , .-.
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for ihe code.
It will be published Tuesday
morning.
Thirty-Fourth District.
The Phoonix Republican Club of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District will hold
a meeting this evening at Finn's Hall,
corner of Thirteenth and Harrison streets.
All the candidates on the Republican
ticket have expressed a desire to be pres
ent and assist in mßprnK the event the
grandest demonstration of the campaign
in the Thirty-fourth District.
Afro -American Bally.
A grand rally of the Afro-American
League will be held in California Hall on
Bush street, near Powell, this evening.
State and local candidates will deliver
short speerhps and there will be music
by good talent?
John D. Stebe's record as Assessor Is
absolutely above reproach. The records
prove It. Vote for him. Voting num
ber 11.
I LOOK FOR ELECTION RETURNS.
4-
The result of the elections
and the progress of returns
will be told by signals from
the dome of The Call build
ing. The signal code will be
published Tuesday. Keep it
and watch the news.
A Cow With Four Calves.
The wonderful cow who, with her
four heifer calves, is now attracting bo
wide attention among cattle fanciers,
wag raised by Christian Blystone of
Cambridge Springs, Pa., and owned by
him up to a short time after giving
birth within a few hours to four heifer
calves. The calves were born May 6,
1897, and were sir^d by a Shorthorn
bull. The mother is half Holstein and
half Durham, showing the size and
build of the Durham and color of the
Holstein. At present she is eight years
old, and weighs 1360 pounds in fair con
dition. After the birth of the calves
she gave sufficient milk to raise all of
them up to weaning time. Throughout
the winter the calves had a light feed
of grain, and at 364 days of age the
combined weight of the four was 1860
pounds, there being not ten pounds dif
ference in their individual weights. At
present they weigh just about 2000
pounds, and are as large as the aver
age yearling. So near alike are they in
all particulars that those who are best
acquainted with them cannot tell one
from another. In color they are a light
red. yellowish shade, each having only
a little white spot on the belly, with no
other marks, and never did four ani
mals have features and dispositions
more nearly alike. On March 15 they
were purchased by their present owner,
W. L. Mitchell of Erie County, Pa., who
is exhibiting this wonderful quartet at
the New England fairs this fall.—
American Agriculturist. '
FATE OF THE SQUAW MEN.
The squaw men must go. This painful
conclusion has finally been reached by the
Dawes Commission at Ardmore, Indian
Territory. Indian Agent Wisdom has
been ordered to eject them. From the
point of view of the squaw men, this
edict is harsh. A squaw man, be it un
derstood, is a white man who marries
an Indian maiden and settles upon her
property. Twenty thousand of them have
done just this thjng and have raised 50,000
children, half Indian and half squaw
man, to rise up and call them blessed.
The civilized tribes of Indian Territory
are. according to their wealth per capita,
among the richest people in the world.
Before the war they owned negro slaves,
and although the war freed them, it was
not until recently that they could be
coerced by Washington into giving them
the right, to vote. But the squaw men
could vote. The squaw man is wise in
hid generation. He married the Indian
girl, got admitted to the tribe as an In
dian and acquired citizenship, with all its
privileges, and so has become a formid
able element in the voting- population of
the Indian tribes. Being* a squaw man
ha 3 now become a regular profession or
industry in the Western States, with a
kind of trades union or squaw man as
sociation to protect their rights. Their
walking delegates, however, were caught
napping this time, and a man's enemies
are they of his own household. For it is
the Dawes Commission and not the In
dians themselves who will drive them out
of this good land, whither they have gone
to possess It, and which they trusted that
every place whereon the soles of their
feet should tread should be theirs.
The property of the squaws is in land
and funds held by the United States Gov
ernment, and if the squaw men are to be
driven out they will be at a distinct dis
advantage as compared with the squaw
men who come over from Europe and
marry wives in New York and then go
back home with wives, property and all. —
Baltimore Sun.
AN AMERICAN PTJPIL.
Pupils are a fruitful source of amuse
ment. I once had an American pupil who
refused point blank to do a single thing I
told her. She knew everything far bet
ter than I did. and talked in the most
scientific way about the structure of her
hands, which, as far as I could see, dif
fered In no way from those of any one
else. I humbly suggested that it wasn't
necessary to be a professor of anatomy
in order to teach-Chopin's nocturnes. But
my remark made no impression whatso
ever. I have never been so thoroughly
snubbed in my life. I was, however, to
have my revenge. One day she arrived
at my house rather earlier than usual,
and began looking over my books. Among
those lying on the table was a volume of
poems by Matthew Arnold, which he had
given me himself, and in which he had
written a few very charming words of
dedication. /
As I came into the room she addressed
me in a voice in which I thought I de
tected a tone of disrespect hitherto con
spicuous by its absence. "Well, I never!"
she said. "So you know Mr. Matthew Ar
nold! Well, I declare! I guess he thought
a good deal of you. or he wouldn't have
paid you such a stunning compliment. I
presume you know several distinguished
people. Well, I didn't think you did,
that's all. I presume you're proud of
that book?" I told her sho presumed
perfectly correctly, and I am bound to
say that during the rest of the lessons
she behaved most politely to me. I shone
with a borrowed light, but what did that
matter?— Cornhill.
CYCLISTS AS SPORTSMEN.
The wheelman himself can hardly be
held answerable for the death of a rab
bit which bolted into Ms machine -as it
stood by the roadside, and broke its neck;
and there was contributory negligence,
as the lawyers say, on the part of the
cat which tried to go through the wheel
of a passing bicycle, and gave the rider
a bad fall at the cost of its own life.
Much more noteworthy than either of
these was the achievement of a cyclist
who, while scorching along the road (he
must have been scorching) ran into a
covey of partridges and killed one, his
wheel passing over its neck. The only
way in which this curious accident can
be explained is to suppose that the birds
were "dusting" at a bend in the road,
and that the cyclist's approach, concealed
by the hedges, remained undetected till
the enemy was literally among them.—
Chambers' Journal.
WHEN THE FISH LIAR WAS HIM
SELF.
They are not as iively down among the
Kingston and Rondout fish yarners this
season as usual. The only pretense of tell
ing a big fish lie made there is about a
little boy named Arthur Guber, wno was
fishing in Rondout Creek, and caught an
eel so big that it nearly pulled the boy
off the pier. A man went to his aid,
pulled four feet of eel out of the water
and then the line broke. Think of it!
The line broke and the eel got away!
Why, when the Rondout Creek fish liar
was himself and felt good that eel would
have pulled the boy into the creek and
swam down the Hudson, and towed the
boy across to the east shore, where he
would have tied him to a tree, taken his
jackknlfe out of his little pocket, and
after extracting the hook from its jaw)
would have gone wriggling back to tell
the boy's father where he was, and offer
to tow a boat across for a dollar and a
half.— Albany Argus.
ENGLAND GETTING
READY TO FIGHT
Orders Mobilization of
Troops.
FORMING A LARGE ARMY
ALL THE WESTERN DISTRICT
INCLUDED.
Paris Matin Confirms the Report
That Marchand Will Return
Home by Way of
Jibutil.
Special Dlipatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 6.— The military au
thorities at Devonport, the site of the
largest naval arsenal in Great Britain,
received orders to-day for the immedi
ate mobilization of all the troops in the
western district. The defense com
mittee will meet to-morrow.
The Dally Chronicle this morning
professes to have "important military
news which it would not be advisable
to publish without the sanction of the
War Office."
PARIS, Nov. 6.— The Matin to-day
confirms the report that the Govern
ment will Instruct Major Marchand to
return to France with his expedition
from Fashoda by way of Jibutil, on the
Gulf of Aden, "the only route con
sistent with French dignity."
The paper expresses the hope that
the national flag "wiil not again be in
volved in such small colonial enterprise
until success is assured beforehand,
both diplomatically and by adequate
support."
MIND BEADING IN COLORADO.
The practice of mind reading landed J.
E. George in the County Jail.
'Judge,' suid George, "I am an expert
mind reader and have fully mastered the
subject of mind over matter. Recently I
i went into St. Mary's Cathedral, on Stout
street, to test my mental organs, which
: are continually under a high tension.
\\ hen I went in there was a man stand
ing and I saw at a glance that he expect
ed that I was going- to attempt to rob the
box on the wall, which was labeled 'For
the poor,' in which people drop their con
tributions. My insight into that man's
mind was as clear as a glass; I could see
that he was saying to himself, 'George is
going to rob the box.'
"When I had fully convinced myself
! that my judgment and mind reading were
I all right, I walked up to the box and
! dropped a piece of paper in. That was
done simply to see what effect it would
have on the mind of the man who was
watching me between his fingers. When
I dropped the paper in I read what he
thought. It was: 'George < commencing
to roD the box.' Then some other people.
two wemen and a man, came in, ana
right away I saw that they, too, believed
that I intended to steal what was in tne
box. Of course, it is more difficult to
read the minds of four people at once, as,
■ in such cases, matter being present in
I such superior force, has a great advan
j tage. So on this account, I had to repeat
I the experiment at the box in order to pam
I control of the four minds that were com
:• bating mine.
"Then, just before I had gained com
! plete control of the situation, the police
man came in and placed me under ar
rest. It was not right to do so, from a
humanitarian standpoint, and, in addition,
it seemed a very Interesting experiment.
I^ad not the interference been made when
h mim my scientific knowledge might have
j been greatly increased. Yes, you might
! call it self-hypnotism, but in general
j terms my specialty may be termed the
i victory of mind over matter."
"How about the story that you went
into a restaurant a short time ago and
i ate a big meal -without being able to pay
i for it?"
"That's true. Judge: that's true; I of
ten do that. It can only be accounted for
in this way. When I eat fruit it takes
control of me and creates a phenomenal
j appetite. More than that, fruit is strong
■ er in its action than my mind, so you may
! depend on it that when I go into a place
; and eat a big meal without paying for it,
I I had been eating fruit before.
"Judge, George is not my right name.
I My relatives in the East are among the
aristocracy, so I conceal my identity.
What do you think should be done to me,
Judge?"
"Thirty days," said" Justice Reynolds.
THE VALUE OF GREAT CITIES TO
STATES.
I desire to call the attention of the
farmer or countryman to a fact that
many have never thought -of, v;h!ch
may tend to abate their hostility toward
the' cities. It is this, to wit: While it is
impossible for a rich and prosperous
farming country to surround a city with
out contributing to the prosperity of said
city, yet it is possible for a city to be lo
cated within the borders of a State and
grow to be rich,, prosperous and large,
and to add great value to the lands
around and to the State without receiv
ing a corresponding- value from the coun
try of said State. In fact, such is always
the case where the city is large.
For instance, the great city of New
York is not indebted to the country or
farm lands of New York for one-hun
dredth of her prosperity and wealth. She
reaps her wealth not only from all the
States of the Union, but from all the
civilized 1 parts of the world; yet she does
not contribute a dollar to the payment
of current expenses and State debt of
any State in the Union, or an-y part of
the world, except the State of New York.
She gives in her Immense wealth to be
taxed solely for the State of New York,
thereby relieving each and every farmer
in the State. St. Louis reaps a majority
of her prosperity from other States than
Missouri. New Orleans reaps four-flftha
of her prosperity from other States than
bo 000 000 o oo 000 oo 0000 000 000 000 op o
o - --.' • -—^ *j*s..''' nn O LWWDWC o
I g^> C\ DR. SANDEN'S §
IUF^I^^M INVENTION ! ; |
orVs ■< i "N'/^flis No More Rheumatism, °
° I lfemo^i£ikoW No More Lame Back, ©
° i^^WK Kidney Troubles, Etc. |
o^^^^W Nervons. Debility, Etc. |
O •T'^' >*4»^- "^ssi^figf jL >g^' The cause of all disease and °
O ' - '■"■■■■■' weakness "is overcome ;by this ; O
■V |:;... • ; great life renewer. Dr. Sanden 3 O %
° Electric Belt. . Q
o IT MAKES MEN STRONG. g
■ o t^;^L^^3^: not IN DRUG stores. |o|
2: : Office hours. ;Sa. m n |^m^Su^ay^ Dr. c Banden's Electric : Belt j , ©
Otol. = ranches "/ r^nd Or 253 Vvashingtoa 1» ' never :. sold la ' drug « «tor«» TT
O S , eC °^ De'nvVr cl lo " '»S? Sl"ent" sfrVeU nor by traveling agent.; only O
rt DaTla^ T«" 255 Main street; Butte. Mont.. , at our office, -^ O
V 110 Nortn Main street. ' -.. - .-;■. * - .. ... ~ — * #Q •■
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
Louisiana, and of Memphis It can be
said she has reaped of whatever wealth
and prosperity she has from a half to
two-thirds of it from Arkansas, Mississ
ippi Southern Missouri and Southern
Kentucky; vet she does not contribute a
dollar directly to the payment of cur
rent expenses or State debt of any of
these States.-David A Wells In Apple
tons' Popular Science Monthly.
IN THE WRONG SHOP.
"Are you the doctor that makes new
bones grow?" asked ;a ' man who had
waned long time ; in the outside office
of a. leading. physician. >c ..
"I am. an osteopathist,"said tne aocior,
"if that is what you ; mean.
. "I" pTactiie" osteopathy-the manipulat
«rKW X«. many
c e u P a »^^ij^S
ooleejred and pay the bill hansum like-
W ''AM right." said the doctor, as he led
the way into his private office. "Just sit
down in that chair and relax.
•'Let W your muscles loose. Don't try to
keep together. Now go back, to your early
fancy and tell me every accident that ever
happened to you, and what result fol
l0 "S e ho'! Fust accident that took me was
falling outer bed afore I was a year old.
"What was the result? -•- . T
"Why. 't proved to the folks thet l
warn't a fool. 'T'hout a youngster _ tum
bles out of bed or downstairs afore his
first year is up he ain't cons dered bright.
I did both— yes, by Jimmy crickey, I did.
"And your next accident?" suggested
"There" ain't no next. There was jest
one continued chapter from that on. i
broke four ribs trying to fly and dished
mv collarbone at the same time, hen a
cud ride th' colt to water he ran oft ana
gave me this Roamin nose— ha, ha— an
the fust time I driv him to harness he
kicked over th' dasher, an' that when_l
lost my front teeth. I've hed both legs
broken, and one arm in three places. Th > s
ere hole in my shoulder ain't from a bul
let-it's where our old cow hooked me for
a half-day. This bone in » my left wrist
got mashed In a separator, and lour ot
my fingers was wrenched >at the same
time My eelbows" • ' . , . <
"Stop!" shouted the doctor, rising hur
riedly and handing the broken-up man
his hat, "you've mistaken the place, You
want to go to the anatomical museum on
the next street and have your skeleton
articulated. Good-day, sir!"— Chicago la
ter Ocean. >
The Call wiil signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code.
It will be published Tuesday
morning.
MODEL CAUCASUS ROBBERS.
The Tlflis journals are warning tour
ists against traveling in the Caucasus,
and especially lr the Transcaucasus
without an armed escort. On August M
nine highwaymen held possession or
the small ravine Gasluch, m the nelKh
borhood of Adshikend. The leader of
this band was a Tartar. RabiNadshas-
Ogly, and from 5 o'clock in the aftei
noon until 7:30 the robbers ;, he ; ld ww u P
every carriage and vehicle that went
along that narrow defile and quietly
took from the occupants money and
valuables. Five members of the band,
armed with Peabody revolvers and long
daggers, and clad in the costume of the
Khirgese, were told olf to examine the
unfortunate travelers. They were very
courteous to the ladies, and examined
the men only. The leader was especi
ally courteous, and took great pains to
see that the ladies were not robbed; la
fact he even went so far as to restore
to several husbands their valuables on
the entreaties of their wives.
During the two hours and a nail tn*
robbers got possession of 2000 roubles
and a great quanity of valuable ob
jects, for in that time they had stop
ped a dozen vehicles of different kinda
and had plundered nearly fifty persons.
The Caucasus Journal expresses as
tonishment at the cowardice of the vie-
Mnies, among whom there were many
strong men who had revolvers and
other weapons with them. A coachman
was the only one who wished to offer
resistance, but he alone could not do
much, and he. was pulled off his box
seat and soundly cudgeled. As the as
sistant of a chief of police drove up
with his wife and child and learned
what was going on he seized his re
volver and wished to fire at the rob
bers He was at once stopped by crlea
of "Don't shoot, for heaven's sake; you
will hit some of the women and chil
dren " and a man rushed forward, and.
snatching the weapon from the assist
ant's hand, hid it, so that the robbers
might not see that he had intended to
fire upon them. w«*
None of the vehicles "held up" by the
robbers was allowed to proceed on ita
way. At last a lady traveling in a car
riage with her husband and two little
children grew tired of the long delay
and approached the chief of the robbers
with the prayer that he would let them
continue on their journey. The latter
drew his watch from his pocket and re
plied' "Wait, please, for another fif
teen minutes; by that time I expect two
more carriages. We will just look over
them and then we will let you all go
c-n your various ways." In a few min
utes the carriages appeared, and after
they had been overhauled by the high
waymen the chief said to his victims:
"Now you are all free and can continue
your journeys, but first of all we will
make our escape." They quickly
mounted their horses and at once dis
appeared.
Little Alice, in an overflowing love
for a baby sister, showed one day a
disposition to bestow sly pinches wher
ever surface for attack presented itself.
The feeling of velvet skin between her
thumb and finger seemed to B^ve
heartfelt enjoyment to Alice, but the
pinches were distinctly resented by the
newcomer, whereupon mamma inter
venedTuh a reproachful Question:
"You wouldn't dare pinch her—
would you-when you've just one only
one?" .WHY GAGE, AND NOT MAGUIRE, SHOULD BE ELECTED GOVERNOR
HENRY T. GAGE WILL BE ELECTED GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA, Because-
He is not a fanatic.
He believes in law, order and the equality of rights, which make this nation great.
He believes in his party, his country and his countrymen, and will be Governor for
the whole people, knowing no rich nor poor, but justly executing the law for all.
He believes in the vested right and title oi every man to the land ana
home he has earned and owns.
He believes in California, in ,the protection of the fruits of her vine
yards, orchards and fields; in the unity of her territory, the goodness of
her people and the greatness of her destiny.
He believes in the laborer's right to freedom of contract, to the
highest wages, paid in the best money in the world.
He believes that when the honest miner has dug coal, iron, gold, silver, copper
and quicksilver from his own mine that it belongs to him and not to the community.
He believes that anarchy is not love of liberty, but lust of license and of murder,
and that anarchists have no right of asylum in this republic.
The people of California believe these things with Henry T. Gage. They want
progress and prosperity instead of experiment and unrest, and they will elect him Gov
ernor to secure that sound sense in the administration which means stability in the
State.
VICTORY ASSURED IN
THE GOLDEN STATE
FIGURES SHOW
GAGE CERTAIN
OTELECTI
Will Win by a Large
n Majority.
BETWEEN TEN AND FIFTEEN
THOUSAND.
CAREFUL ESTIMATES OP THE
VOTE BY COUNTIES.
Republican Committee Chairmen In
dicate Clearly That the Popu
lar Standard-Bearer Is
the Choice.
The Call several days ago wired the
chairmen of the respective county cora-
mittees — both RepuV";can and Demo
cratic — throughout the State asking for
conservative estimates as to the prob
able vote for Governor of. California on
November 8.
The figures given below are the esti
mated probable majorities given by the
chairmen of the Republican commit
tees. The Democrats, although in a
great many cases expressing their con
fidence that Maguire will be elected,
would not venture estimates in suffi
cient numbers to permit of a table be
ing prepared.
As is shown by the table. Mr. Gase
will doubtless come to San Francisco !
with a majority of not less than 14,000
votes. A great mam- Republican lead
ers express their belief that Mr. Gaere
will carry this city and county and
those who are not so sanguine do not
concede more than 2500 majority to Mr. ;
Maguire. It would appear that there
is no good reason to doubt that Mr.
Gage will be elected by a majority be
tween 10,000 and 15,000 votes.
Here are the figures:
COUNTIES.
a
Alameda
Alpine
Anindor .........••••
Batte .....
Calaveras
Colusa
Contra Costa
Del Xorte
El Dorado
Fresno •••
Glenn
Iluiiiboldt
Inyo .
Kern •••*
Kinjrs
Lake '
l.nwifn ........
1,0.s Angeles. ....-•••
Madera
Marln
.Mnrlpoiia
Mendocino ••
Merced
Modoe • •
Mono ...........•«•••
Monterey . . ..... ..• . •
>upn ....... .!••••••
Nevada •
Orange
Placer
IMumn* .•
llivemldc
Sacramento
San itenito
San Bernardino
San JMe«o
San Francisco
San Jonqnin
San I..iiJ« Oblspo
San 3lateo
Santa. Itarbara
Santa Clara
Santa Croi
Sbanta
Sierra ..............
Sixkiyon •
Solano
Sonoma .............
Stitn Ikluuh ..........
♦ullcr
'IVlmuia ............
Trinity .
Tnlnre . I
Taolnnine ..........
Ventura
Void
Yuba ...............
206
150
350
30
* "*'4OO
iio
100
' I • ' " 50
CO
!"*"*sso
p .......
!'* # "i 66
300
125
25
• 100
T5
225
* * * 200
.......
I "**265
100
, 250
j 300
300
100
ioo
1,
""bo
25
40
ISO
J . »- »
Totals f
17,4
:;,ios
BIG CROWDS AT THE PARK.
Willard Jidston Injured in a Run
away — Fun at Sutro's Baths.
An immense crowd, in -which hosts of
politicians mingled, assembled at the
city's pleasure grounds yesterday. Al
though there was a slight chili in the air
that stimulated the people to keep mov
ing, the space around the band stand was
packed with those willing to suffer a lit
tle discomfort on the benches In order to
escape none of tne numbers on the pro
gramme,
The ,cars running to the Cliff House
were, as usual, overcrowded, and it is re
markable that no serious accident oc
curred. There was one accident that re
sulted painfully for Willard Jidston, son
of Captain Jidston of Alameda. Captain
Jidston, with his son seated by his side,
was driving a spirited team out on Bal
boa boulevard, when the team took
fright, became unmanageable and ran
away. Young- Jidston became frightened
and jumped from the buggy, sustaining
painful scalp wounds and a badly con
tused arm. He was found by one of the
mounted police and removed to the Park
Hospital, where his wounds were dressed.
After the injured boy leaped from the
buggy Captain Jidston redoubled his ef
forts to regain mastery over the mad
dened animals, but did not succeed until
after a distance of over two miles had
been covered. He managed to keep the
team in the middle of the rpaa until it
became tired out with its own efforts and
then it was stopped. Captain Jidston
then drove back to the hospital and took
his son home.
The usual crowds assembled at the
Chutes and Sutro's Baths. Following are
the results of the aquatic contests given
at the latter resort:
Four hundred yard dash— Won by J. Ben
son, X. Benson second. 100-yard dash —
"Won by , E. Bonifleld. A. Hay sec
ond. Tub "race— X. Benson and E. Kip first,
H. Hiiler and B. Berry second. Obstacle race —
Won by E. Bonifield. A. Hay second. Trick
and fancy springboard diving— O. Schulte first,
X. Benson second. Trapeze and high diving —
Fred Green first. Dan Green second.
OUR CHRISTIAN MISSION.
Rev. William Rader ? s IMscourse at
the Third CongTegafional
Church.
In a discourse last evening on "The
Christian Mission of Our Country" Rev.
TVilliam Rader of the Third Congrega
tional Church, took his text from the
third chapter of Revelation of
John, eighth verse: "Behold I have set
before thee an open door, and no man
can shut it."
"The question that now confronts us, as
a people and a church," he said, "be
comes a gospel theme, as important as
any biblical theme.
"The mission of the United States is
found in its origin and inception. We
came here for a p.urpose — seeking refuge
from certain persecutions in the < >;■!
World— and have been accepting people?
ever since. We have made a business <if
liberty; of establishing self-government,
the principles of popular liberty, of df-m ■
ocracy; and have measurably succeeded.
We have had some civil war — out of
which came a clearer sky and the belief
that democratic principles are feasible
and right."
The question of Larger America, the
speaker discussed under three headings:
Imperialism, expansion and the Monroe
doctrine — the latter being characterized as
an anchor idea, holding us to the past
as well as present.
"The planting of the Union Jack and
Stars and Stripes side by side," said the
speaker, "is a great motive for conquest —
for imperialism."
LITE OF JOSEPH.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson's Sermon at
the Howard- Street M. E. Church.
At the Howard-street M. E. Church last
evening Rev. John A. B. Wilson took for
his theme "The Life of Joseph."
"It is bad when we get depending on
each other," he said. "Better have faith
in God— have him our primary object of
dependence. I would say to you young
men, you cannot always choose your com
panionship, but you have always got to
live with yourself. See that you have the
kind of company that your soul can afford
to keep forever. There is no cultivation
that has been found or ever will be found
to make a rosebußh out of a fern; the
more you cultivate it the more fern you
have. The outcome is going to be accord
ing to your sowing. If you sow unwor
thily — of the flesh — you are going to reap
corruption. There is a consequence to
every act, which we cannot escape. No
act is insignificant — no thought; there is
a sequence growing out of everything you
do. I telL you a wise thing to do: When
you find you are doing wrong, stop. Grap
ple with your nature. If you can't do it
now, how can you do it when it is
stronger? The thing's you can't do now
you are adding to make harder. Don't
add another faggot to the bundle that Is
already too heavy for you to carry
about."
» ♦ ■
SERGEANT TENDY MARRIED.
Tbe Tennesseean Denies That Miss
Nellie Fetter Forced Him Into
a Distasteful Marriage.
Sergeant Jessup Tendy of the First Ten
nessees, whose sensational arrest upon a
warrant sworn out by his lnamorita,
Miss Nellie Fetter, was announced In
yesterday's Call, was seen yesterday just
before his transport pulled out from the
dock for Manila, and he denied emphatic
ally the report that Miss Fetter sought to
force him into a marriage that was
against his inclination.
•'We were married yesterday after
noon," said Sergeant Tendy, "and by
Judge Joachimsen. Miss Fetter and I
have been engaged for some weeks, and
it has been my intention all of the time
to marry her just before my regiment
sailed for Manila. As I say we were mar
ried yesterday and my wife will follow
me to the Philippines on the next steamer
°^vnss Fetter was also highly indignant
and told practically the same story as her
newly acquired husband. When seen last
evening she was engaged in packing her
effects in preparation for the voyage into
Asiatic waters that she expects soon to
embark upon.
Vote as Dcwcy fought— for the
glory of the flag and the honor of
the nation.
In the Handball Arena.
The play of handball in Phil Ryan's
court, at 585 Howard street was up to
the usual standard y%eterday afternoon.
Eight lively and well contested games
were rattled off. Re»uit»:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1898.
Dr. W. H. Steberst and D. J. Sheehan de
feated J. R. Bockman and W. H. Kedlan.
Score: 21-10, 17-21, 21-13.
tl. Racouillat and P. Stelner defeated M.
McNeil and G. McDonald. Score: 21-19, 15-21.
' T Leach and T. Foley defeated J. Condon
and C. Quinn. Score: 21-9. 16-21, 21-19.
B. Clements and W. Hassell defeated P. Ryan
and W. Fisher. Score: 21-14. 12-21. 21-I'/
J White and T. Foley defeated M. Ma^ulra
and J. Dowllng. Score: 21-16, 19-21, 21-15.
W Df-vina and Phil Baach defeated C. Mc-
Innery and B. Chapman. Score: 21-12. 8-21,
•>l-»0 •
* P. Kelly and J. J. Prendersast defeated J.
McGlnnls and T. Foley. Score: 21-2. 21-10,
21-9.
STRUCK A* *POL ICEMAN.
Arrest of George McConnack on Two
Charges of Battery.
While walking along Second street last
evening Lizzie Barry, aged 12 years, was
assaulted by a young man named George
McCormacfc, who. after seizing her arm,
started to drag her along the street. Her
brother, who witnessed the outrage, at
tempted to interfere, when he was
promptly knocked down by McCormack.
At this juncture Police Officer Moriarty
appeared and placed McConnack under
arrest. The latter, after calling him sev
eral vile names, struck the officer in the
face Moriarty returned the attack.
Anally placing his prisoner hors dv com
bat. 'At the City Prison MeCormack Was
booked on two charges of battery.
THREATENED TO CARVE HIM.
William Thompson Arrested for an
Assault With a Deadly Weapon.
William Thompson, a young man living
at 833 Howard street, became engaged In
an altercation with his wife last evening
and proceeded to make her a subject for
the Coroner. A citizen, who heard the
woman screaming, went to her assistance
and was met by Thompson, who was
armed with a carving-knife. With an
oath he started after the citizen, who ran
along Howard street, pursued by the in
furiated husband. Policeman Meyer, see
ing Thompson chasing his prospective vic
tim seized him and after a short strug
gle disarmed him. He was then taken to
the City Prison and booked on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon.
THE DEAD REMEMBERED.
Solemn Service at the Cathedral in
Commemoration of All Souls'
Day.
Ail Souls' day was solemnly commem
orated yesterday afternoon by the mem
bers of the Calvarian Society. The serv
ice consisted of the recital of the Litany,
the "Way of the Cross" and a sermon by
Rev Father Ramm. who took as his
subject "The Aftor Life." ......
In addition to the several hundred mem
bers of the society present the church
was crowded with people from all sec
tions of the city.
Noted Pickpocket Arrested.
The police believe that yesterday Harry
Elmore lurnished them with evidence suf
ficient to hold him in the meshes of the
law and to insure him a trip to San Quen
tin. Elmore is a noted pickpocket and
has often been arrested, but in each in
stance has been released for want of suf
ficient evidence. Yesterday afternoon,
while riding on a. Guerrero street car,
Mrs. Malcolm, residing at 205 Turk street,
saw Elmore take a purse from the pocket
of her sister, Mrs. Johnson. She raised
a cry and the thief jumped from the car,
but was captured later by Officer J. W.
Stanley. Upon being searched the $9 con
tained in the purse was found upon his
person, and the purse, which he had dis
carded in his flight, was picked up behind
a fence.
Y. M. C. A. Bulletins.
The special wire of the Western Union
Telegraph Company running Into the aud
itorium of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, corner of Mason and Ellis
streets, is putting the complimentary
tickets of admission in great demand.
While the special operator is capturing
the news, a delightful programme of
music and elocution will fill the interim.
The Knickerbocker Quartet, the Columbian
Orchestra, Miss Frances Luse, elocution
ist, and Brownlee Newton, the popular
reader and impersonator, will be some of
the attractions.
Heinrichs at the Orpheum.
To-morrow afternoon there will be a
Heinrich recital at the Orpheum, the first
special matinee ever given at this thea
ter. Max Heinrich, barytone; Mrs. Hein
rich, soprano, and Miss Julia Heinrich,
contralto, are the best ballad singers ever
heard in San Francisco, and as the prices
are popular the house should be packed.
Twenty-three numbers will be sung, and
the selections will range from "Polly
Willis " by Dr. Arne, to the "Erl King,"
by Liszt. On this occasion no smoking
will be allowed.
Home From Their Honeymoon.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Fuller returned
to this city last night from their honey
moon trip to the East, they are at ;,-es
ent at the Occidental, and will occupy
their new home on California street
shortly. _
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code.
It will be published Tuesday
morning.
It has been found that the X-ray shines
through a rox terrier as if lie were a
Chinese paper lantern. The experiment
was tried upon an animal of this species
■which had swallowed a diamond ring, the
trinket appearing in his midst as visible
as a fly in amber or a gold fish in a glass
globe. All the dog family will do well
to lay the lesson to heart and take care
what they swallow.
JAMES G. MAGUIRE WILL BE DEFEATED FOR GOVERNOR OF CALIFORIA, Because-
He is a fanatic.
He believes that a land owner is a monopolist and a robber, and declares that he
must be deprived of all vested rights, titles and ownership in his home and land with
out compensation.
lie believes that coal, iron, gold, silver, copper and quicksilver should be given to
the community, and don't belong to the mine owner and miner.
He believes that anarchists and nihilists are patriotic and worthy and should not be
excluded from this country, though their official platform is : "Down with all govern
ment. Do what you wish. Everything is everybody's."
He has bolted in and out of all parties, has lived in office since he was 19 and has
drawn from the taxpayers salaries equal to $4 50 per day for every day since he was
born. His sole return to the taxpayers who have supported him has been the threat
to confiscate land and abuse of its owners.
His claim for votes is that he opposed the law to settle the debts of the Central
Pacific road, which was drawn by Senators White and Morgan. But should any Re
publican vote for Maguire because Senator White voted for that funding measure? and
should any Democrat vote for Maguire because he opposed Senator White?
Neither good Republicans nor good Democrats, nor good Populists, nor land owners,
nor miners, nor wage earners can vote for Maguire. Therefore he will be beaten, and
great will be the benefit of his defeat to the State and to principles, to genuine reforms
and straight politics.
THE MANLY CAMPAIGN
OF CHARLES L. PATTON
He Has Made a Clean, Honest, Open Fight
and Won the People's Con
fidence.
His Many Admirable Qualities Have Gained Him Widespread
Popnlarity, and the Signs of the Times
Point to Him as the
Victor.
After an exciting campaign, the battle
of the ballots will be waged to-morrow.
During several weeks the contest has la.
vored the Republicans in a marked man
ner. The party has made steady gains,
the leaders and candidates are confident
of success and the Republican hosts will
go to the polls In better condition than
fur many years. They are In full harm
ony, and will oppose an enemy that lias
been divided by the trickery and despot
ism of the plug hat boss who has usurped
the rights of the party and boldly jioses
as the whole Democracy, heading a ticket
that was not named by the Democrats of
this city but by a clique of Job-chasers
who saw no other way to secure nomina
tions.
As against the campaign of deceit made
by Mayor Phelan the voters of San Fran
cisco should consider the manner in which
Charles L. Patton comes before the people
and how hp has conducted himself in this
contest. He has made a clean, manly,
energetic campaign, indulging in no per
sonalities, resorting to no innuendoes, but
plainly and honestly telling the public his
ideas as to how the city government
should be conducted, standing for the dol
lar limit of taxation, for the charter and
for strict business methods In the office
HALL CAINE ON THE AMERICAN
SOLDIER.
"Personally I have always contended
that even we. your cousins, greatly un
derestimated your fighting strength and
I never hesitated to state that opinion.
When the war excitement that followed
the Venezuelan trouble had so died out
!n London that arbitration began to be
mentioned, and when a great meeting
was held for that purpose in Queen s
Hall there I drew some criticism upon
myself by remarking that America was
by far better equipped for a brief strug
gle than the maternal Government. Not
only had a free mflitary system of cadet
schools and volunteer militia given a
great deal of necessary training, but the
democratic principles of the land had
more than doubled the Individual value
of army and navy. While I have noted
in Russia and elsewhere that men who
have absolutely no reason for loving,
their fatherland are still imbued strongly
with that mysterious emotion known as
patriotism, no doubt can exist that the
soldier who is risking his life for things
that he understands and that appeal to
him directly— the soldier who may be
come as high in position as the highest
of his commanders— will fight as no other
recruit can. And the results of the late
war have proved the foundation of my
belief This has been tf contest in which
personal bravery and individual heroism
have* discounted even the superb work of
the army and navy as a whole.
"England Is not prepared for the emer
gencies so well as might seem to be the
case with the casual observer. Only ex
perts can tell of the power of her navy
and her armament, but that she lacks
the impromptulty of the United States, de
aplte her standing force, there can be no
doubt. I believe in the unity of the two
countries almost above everything else."
Washington Post.
j i Remember that every vote for
the Republican ticket is a vote
for the administration, for sound
money, protection and pros
perity.
HINTS FOR THE HOME.
To renovate old lace wash it in alco
hol or stale beer, the latter giving it a
certain stiffness.
Do not clean garden vegetables in the
washbasin, the garden dirt is cleaner
than that adhering to the basin.
Housewives should not pour dirty
wash water in the dishpan, or use cook
ing utensils for dipping Buds on wash
day.
A small leak in a beer barrel or any
other cask can be effectually stopped
by heating up some whitening with
common yellow bar soap r.nd tightly
pressing the mixture into the leaking
spot.
Never scrub the kitchen work table
or molding board with the floor scrub
bing brush and in a mop pail, when the
dishpan and clean cloth are sufficient
He beljeves that American industry should not be protected, that
American labor should be denied freedom of contract, and that its wages
should not be paid in the best money in the world.
He believes that $861,000,000 of property in land values and loans se
cured in real estate in California should be destroyed. He believes that while
this will be a hardship on land owners, it will be just, for the land owner is a
trespasser on what belongs to society and should be expelied.
of Mayor. If elected he will not pursue
the tactics of shirking the responsibility
of passing upon important public improve
ments and leaving it to the Board of
Supervisors, as is the practice or Mr.
Phelan. who has shown that he has nei
ther the veto courage or the backbone to
perform his duties as the chief executive
of the municipality.
Another feature of the campaign is the
significant fact that in all this heated
contest there has not been one word
breathed against Mr. Patton's Integrity,
his ability and energy, his private or
public character. He stands before his
felow citizens as capable, honest and up
right a man as could be found.
That these matters are appreciated by
the voters has been proved by the en
thusiastic reception of the man during
th« arduous and admirable campaign he
has made." The further fact that he has
nut been Mayor of the city and made him
s. !f .1 czar, using his official power to rob
his fellows of their rights under the consti
tution in order to stuff a ticket in his own
interests has given him great strength
among those citizens who believe In and
demand from their public servants hon
esty and Justice.
Finally, a vote for Mr. Patton la a vote
against "a combination of job-chasers who,
if elected, will have the city at their
mercy and be in a position to perpetuate
themselves in office Indefinitely.
for these things, which would never be
come grimy.
801 lln a quart and a half of water
for an hour a quarter of a pound
of bruised galls, half a pound of log
wood and two ounces of green vitriol.
When rubbed with this solution black
cloth costumes and suits will be re
stored to their pristine sableness of
hue.
To splice out a chafing-dish service of
creamed fish, some left-over asparagus
will be found particularly useful. A
cream dressing is made for the fish
and the cold asparagus cut in two-Inch
lengths and added with the cold fish.
The two can be heated through and
served on oblongs of toast.
To clean white coral soak the pieces
In soft water for a day (the water can
be efficiently softened by a few drops
of liquid ammonia), then remove and
lay in a solution of chloride of lime.
Soak this for a day and a night, then
wash out thoroughly under running
water. Place to dry and bleach in the
sun.
THE HUMORIST RETREATED.
In a group of lawyers who were dili
gently smoking cigars, sat a mild-ap
pearing youth puffing a cigarette, says
the GJaicago Journal.
"Janitor, will you kindly open the
window?" called the reputed wit of the
little company. "I think I smell a cig
arette."
The lawyers grinned appreciatively
and the youth made a visible effort to
appear oblivious.
"A man was arrested the other day
for blowing smoke in a Horse's face."
began the legal humorist, winking at
his audience and speaking in a voice
evidently intended for the cigarette
smoker.
"The Judge who heard the case said
there was no law against such an act,
and was about to throw the case out
of court. v
" 'But,' exclaimed the complainant,
'it was cigarette smoke, your Honor,'
Whereupon the court imposed a heavy
fine."
The lawyers laughed and watched for
the effect of this shot on the lonely cig
arette fiend.
The youth gradually recalled the
gaze which had been fixed on the far
distance, and, turning with an inter
ested and almost eager expression to
the wag, inquired with a drawl:
"Did the Judge make any rulings as
to blowing smoke in an ass's face?"
And during the lull the humorist had
time to think of an important engage
ment!
» m ■
MR. BUMEISTER'S COURTSHIP.
At last Mr. Bumeister's patience was at
an end. The Widow Flaherty's geese had
again broken through the fence that sepa
rated the two yards and had partaken
of the cornmeal intended for his own
flock without leave or license.
"Ach, meln himmell" cried Mr. Bumei
ster from his front door step. "Dose
vwnan's haf de cheek got! Oho! Mem
Frau" (as Mrs. Flaherty appeared on her
own threshold), "vill you keep dese gooses
ht^n py yourself alreadty or must i got
a policeman vat vill?"
Mrs. Flaherty looked at her neighbor
with a humorous glint in her sharp eyes.
"Och, whirra, be aisy, now! Sure I ain't
yer frau. Luk at th' innercent eraytures
ye ha'ard ha'arted spalpeen. Over in yer
yard as fri'ndly an' sociable as ye plaze.
It's niyer yerself wad be begrudgin' thim
a bit iv refrishment. They're remindin'
■fe iv yer jooty til yer nabors."
The Widow Flaherty has a fine eye In
her head, and as she talked wrath died
from the looks of Mr. Bumeister. His
glance wandered down to the two Quar
reling, gabbling flocks, and beyond them
to the rosy face of the widow, and with
incredible speed his steps followed the
path blazed by his look until he leaned
on the fence between the premises.
"You vas a pooty smart vomans, eh?"
he said. "Yf>u ton't got no husban's?
Nein. You vould coom und be mem frau,
yah?"
Widow Flaherty had no fan, but she
Bmiled at him from behind a burdock
leaf coquettishly.
"Wad ye sooport th' geese, Mr. Bumeis
ter?" she asked.
"Ach, mem himmel! Ynh!"
"I have a goat, also, Mr. Bumeister,"
she continued, with much fairness, "an'
I'm fearin' it would be takin' advantage
iv a defenceless man ter ax him ter board
an' lodge that same — "
But Mr. Bumeister had grown reckless.
"Pring on dose coats an' gooses und b«
meln leetle frau," he cried, nnd Mrs. Fla
herty answered with becoming brevity,
"I'm wid yt-z." — Chicago Journal.
IT GREW ON A TREE.
The little girl with a broad-brimmed
hat was a bright child. All the railway
passengers who happened to occupy seats
in her immediate vicinity were ready to
admit that. The lady with her wore gold
eyeglasses and was reading a paper-
Dovel as attentively as her youthful com
panion's flow of conversation would
permit.
"Was you ever in a railway accident,
auntie?" the child queried.
"No, dear."
"Would you like to be?"
"Certainly not."
"I know a man who was in a railway
accident."
"Do you?"
"Yes. I asked him if it hurt him much.
He said he just laughed when it was all
over."
"It couldn't have been a very serious
accident," said the lady with gold eye
glasses as she laid her book down and
gave a sigh of resignation.
"Yes, it was. It was quite a large ac
cident, and his car was in the very worst
of it."
"He was fortunate to escape without
injury."
"He didn't. He lost his limb in the ac
cident. It was all covered up in the
debris. And he had to come away with
out it."
"What did you say he lost?" was the
Inquiry in a tone of slight severity.
"His limb."
"My dear, I am going to tell you some
thing which I desire you to bear in mind
In the future. There was a time when
people who were very punctilious regard
ed it as desirable to say 'limb' when they
meant 'leg.' But now sensible persons
who mean 'leg' use that word. Don't say
'limb' unless that is what you mean. Re
member that a limb is something that
frows on a tree. Do you think you will
c able hereafter to make that distinc
tion?"
"Yes'm. I asked the gentleman th.it
was In the accident why he didn't k^
back afterward and try to find his— his
limb"—
"Caroline! I thought I told you a limb
was something that grew on a tree."
"Yes'm. But, auntie, this gentleman's
leg was a wooden one."
And the child told her story without
further interruption.— Washington Star.
PUZZLES IN PRONUNCIATION.
School children are so observant. Es
pecially of their teachers, and more es
pecially when they are just starting out
in school.
A little Cleveland girl of six summers
came home the other day with her mind
filled with that new wonder, the school-
room.
"How do you like your teacher?" her
mamma asked.
"She's a very nice teacher, said the
little one; "only it's such a pity sne
doesn't speak so many of her words right.
I shouldn't think they'd let her teach till
she learned to say them so people comd
understand."
"Why, what does she say that s wrong?
"Well, yesterday she was going to say
'Pass from the room quietly,' and what do
you think she did say? She said, 'Pawss,'
just like that. 'Pawss from* the room
auietly ' I guess nobody didn't understand
her at #rst. And then, this morning we
were talking about trees, and she said
•brawnches'— yes, sir, just like that. She's
a nice teacher, but you rot to get used to
her before you can understand her lan
guage."
WHAT THE BEAR DID.
A few old sportsmen were relating their
experiences to each other when ;in inter
loper drew up and interrupted them with
a few stories of his hair-breadth escapes,
much to their disgust. Finally one
chipped in and quietly told the following
story: _ ...
"Three or four years ago I was hunting
in the Rocky Mountains and happened to
be on the top of a high precipice, and for
the purpose of getting a better view of
the valley, some 500 or 600 feet below, laid
down my gun and crawled out upon a
small rock overlooking the chasm, and
strangely fell asleep.
"Presently I wft awakened by a noise
on the bank, and saw a large bear within
a few feet of me. Of course I was power
less, as I could hardly move without fall
ing from the rock, and I could not escape
to the bank nor reach my gun, which was
beyond the bear.
"Presently the bear crawled down slow
ly until he stood squarely over me on the
rock."
After a short pause the Interloper
asked: "What did tne bear do?"
"Ate me up."— Forest and Stream.
CAME TO STEAL
BUT NEARLY
MURDERED
Peculiar Object of a
Burglar's Visit.
STOLE ONLY GAS BURNERS
THOMAS SHIELDS AND HIS FAM
ILY NEARLY SMOTHEREjJ.
The Thief Neglected to Turn Off the
Deadly Fluid and the House
Became Uninhabit
able.
In his anxiety to possess himself of two
gasburners an unknown thief yesterday
morning nearly caused the death of
Thomas Shields and his family.
The Shields live at 5448 Howard street.
Some time after 4 o'clock yeterday morn
ing a thief visited the premises and
wrenched off the gasburners. In his haste
to get away, presumably, he neglected to
turn off the gas.
Sometime afterward Shields was
aroused by the smell of gas. Jumping out
of bed he proceeded to make an investi
gation. After considerable trouble he
discovered that the gasburncrs in the
hallway had been removed. Arousing his
wife and children he told them of what
had happened and ordered them to open
the windows while he continued his inves
tigation. Failing to find the thief he went
in search of the police officer on the beat
to whom ho told the story of the theft
of the gasburners.
Last night Shields visited police head
quarters and made a report of the oc
currence to Chief Lees. He does not be
lieve that the thief intended to cause the
death of himself and family.
"He was probably in a hurry." Shields
remarked, "and neglected to turn off the
gas. Had I not detected the smell of the
escaping fluid it is more than probable
that at least one of the family would now
be in the Morsrue."
The police are inclined to believe that
the crime was committed by some opium
fiend, who, in order to satisfy his craving
for the drug, determined to steal the
burners and then sell them for a mere pit
tance. With the money he received for
them, they argue, he would buy enough
opium to satisfy his appetite for the
drug.
LIGHT ON THE MEN WHO CONVICT
ED DREYFUS.
France has had a little Parliamentary
scandal, which throws light on the meth
ods of the men concerned in suppressing
the truth in the Dreyfus matter. M. Tur
rel, who was Minister of Public Works in
the Meline Ministry, had for his opponent
in the late elections a retired army offi
cer, whose complete military record, sup
posed to be kept in the secret archives
of the War Office, was published in a
Government newspapeV in the expecta
tiion»that it would hurt his chances. M.
Turrel, before the Committee on Elec
tions of the new House, solemnly de
clared "on the memorj- of his mother
and on his honor" that he had no part
in the publication of his opponent's rec
ord, whereupon a Deputy produced the
manuscript of the article in Turrel's own
handwriting. He was unseated. The con
duct of General Billot, the Meline Minis
ter of War, who is responsible for Tur
rel's obtaining possession of the record,
is severely criticized. General Billot it
was who dragged the question of the
"honor of the army" into the "Dreyfus
investigation.— New York Sun.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J S Murdock. L»on<lon P F Morey &w. Or
J J Moore. Carlisle H W Gnode & w. Or
T C Davis&w.Honolulu J J Do., ley. N V
.] W Rhodes &w. Pa H B Sinclair. Liverpool
F S Douty & w, S Mto M F Taylor. Denv.-r
Miss Rowe. Ssn Matoo'c A Williams. S Africa
E A Nis, Berkeley jj W Zevely, D C
L H Lowe, NY jAW J^nes, Monterey
J W Hughes, Liverpool i
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H W Earle. Stockton Miss Cemstock. N T
F X Merry. L Ang Mis 3 Behn, N' V
D Honig & f, St Louis Miss Kckert, X V
C Hunter & w. S Kaf C Dickson, N V
W J Lett. S Jose Miss Crosmore&rn. NY
H Mull in & w, 3 Jose A J Spencer & w. X V
L D Straus, S Jose C Wilding & w, Saeto
Oapt Murphy, U 8 A D Cunningham ofc w,
H Gunn, Cal Mich
F M Gray. S Jose H McCoskey, S Mateo
R T Sparks, NY |R Curtis, S Maria
H Peccard, Seattle H Boeckelmann, Ind
J Spears &w, N V |H Coeoran, w&s. dtkn
O Mack & w, NY i F E Sweetser, Ind
A Mowry. Chicago S H May. N V
W Chapman, Colusa C W Bach, Woodland
Mi*" Moreland, NY F L Dow. S Jose
C Edwards. N V : W Jackson & w. Neb
GRAND HOTEL.
A Neal & w, Redwood S Ostrad, Martinez
E G Zelro, S Jose W Harlan, Bost n
J E Wiley. S Jose Mrs Rfwman, Deadwd
M Fltzpatrick, Colo JJ S Mills, Stockton
G M Fisher & w, N TjJ M Brooks, L Ang
C M Woos-ter, S Jrvse ' E S Mainhart, Cal
W D Armes, Oakland j Mrs Swanson, Sa?to
H Smith. S Lorenzo |J Bradford. Fresno
W M Lawler, R Rafael S Vermilyea. Bishop
S Newell. St-.#.ton W Hammond. Ventura
G L Jones, Kansas S Hirst, Vallejo
G E White, Boston L Pierce, Boston
R R Lowe, X>awson H Harkman, Fresno
Mrs Ash. Dawson J O Siegelroan, Fresno
T Mallorr v ©awsoa S Cluaie, Cal
34
MACHINE AND
CAR SHOPS ARE
BEING BURNED
Southern Pacific BuildiQgs at
Sacramento Arc
Doomed.
Flames Also Spreading to th>e Residence Section
of the City, and the Loss Will Be
Very Heavy.
Bp«clal Dispatch to Tb« C«H.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 7.— Shortly af
ter 1 o'clock this morning the car and
machine shops of the Southern Pacific
Hailroad Company here caught flre,
and are now almost a total wreck.
What the cause is or where the fire
started is unknown, but it is presumed
that it had its origin in the engine
room of the machine-shop.
Prom last reports sparks from the
doomed buildings were carried for a dis
tance of six or seven blocks and were
threatening tne residence section of the
city.
The regular fire department was
called out t<> aßstet the regular force
employed by the railroad company to
protect its property and every attempt
was being niatle to keep the flames from
spreading or extending further than the
Bhops.
What the damage is cannot be esti
mated, but it is thought to be enor
A TRIBUTE TO ANDRE.
Roses were laid on the tomb of Major
Andre, in Westminster Abbey, with . a
card, on which was Inscribed: "From Mrs.
Curran, formerly Beatrice Benedict Ar
nold of Chicago; a descendant of General
Benedict Arnold, who detests the memory
of her ancestor but reveres that of me
man whose death he encompassed, Major
Andre. This is a token of her loving re
6pect." Arnold, it will be remembered,
had turned traitor to Washington, and
was trying to secure West <<*tat for. the
British, and In a culpably careless fashion
had sent Major Andre on a secret expedi
tion. The major, in civilian dress, was re
turning, when he was seized by me
Americans and hanged as a spy, In Oc
tober, 1780: His remains were exhumed
and brought to Westminster Abbey in lE2O.
Mrs. Curran's dislike for her ancestor is
certainly not shared by her family, for
bo recently as IbSO Isaac N, Arnold pub
lished a nook with the object of extenuat
ing the treason of General Arnold, and at
tributed his tralterous conduct In going
over to the British to a in of temper, in
duced by Washington putting tive subor
dinate officers over his head; Arnold who
joined King George's service, died In l^n
ton in ISOI. He has his apologists outside
his own family, who declare that but for
the nigh character of Major Andre, whose
cad fate was the result of miscalculation
Arnold's treason would have been treated
very lightly by the historian.-London
Telegraph.
THE TCMB OF THE MAHDL
The tomb of the Mahdi is a stupen
dous building. It Ifl treated as a saored
piace, and honor of the Mahai Is mage
a part of the religion of the Khalifa
and his followers. It is situated in
Omdurman. near the river bank, and
the Khalifa had the foundation laid
with great ceremony, he turning the
fimt sod. The building is thirty feet
high and square, thirty feet er\oh way.
The stone for ita construction was
brought from Khartoum. Above the
6quare building: rtses a hexagonal wall
fifteen feet high, and from this a dome
rises forty feet, while there are four
6maller domes on the corners of the
main building. It is furnished with ten
large arched windows and two doors.
In the hexagonal part are six skylight
windows. The whole is whitewashed
and surrounded by a fence of trellis
wortc Directly beneath the dome and
over the Mahdi's grave a wooden sar
cophagus is erected, covered with black
cloth. On the sides of the wall cande
labra are hung, and at the end of a
long chain from the center of the dome
is pendent an immense chandelier
taken from the Government palace in
Khartoum. A few yards frnm tin
building is a small cistern tired for
ablutions of 'isitors. It is called al
together Kubbet el Mahdi— "the Mah
di's Tomb." — Montreal Witness.
CIIAI-TCE FOR NKW YORK CATHE-
I'KAL.
Much interest has been aroused In a
chalice exhibited in the window of Keith
& Co., at Soho. It' will be transferred
next week to the Ait Exhibition attached
to the Church Congress at Bradford. The
chalice Is described as "undoubtedly one
of the finest specimens of modern ecclesi
astical art workmanship tliat this country
has en," and will vie with any product
of the old masters. It stands close on a
foot high, weighs fifty ounces, and has
taken four years to complete. It was de
signed by Mr. Keith for use at New York
after the congress. The design is of the
choicest fourteenth century work—hex
agonal plinth— the center panel shows the
Crucifixion, and other panels the chief
events In the life of Christ. On the upper
portion appear figures of the apostles,
and there are otiter details of exquisite
workmanship which make the vessel " a
superb sight. Thousands of passers-by
have during the past few weeks admired
this unique chalice.— London Chronicle.
HERE'S A TOUGH YARN.
One night a few weeks ago, as the fly
ing fast mall on the Lake Shore was
making up lost time across the Indiana
swamps, a big red fox darted out ahead
of the locomotive and took the straight,
level track right ahead of the train. In
another instant a great blaek-and-tan
hound, with his tongue protruding, and
his long, lank body stretched out at full
speed, took the roadbed just fifty feet be
hind the fox. More steam was turned on.
and with their heads out the* window the
engineer and fireman watched the con
test of speed. It ' was a grand race be
tween the two animals, with the mighty
engine coming close after them sixty-five
miles an hour, and the headlight show-
Ing the fleet fox straining every limb and
muscle and his- enemy slowly falling be
hind. ■- The old hound appeared to know
that there wan danger in his rear, and
took to the west-bound track, and in an
other moment the rushing train went past
him, but the fox, taking advantage of
the complication, disappeared in the
woods again.— Pittsburg Post.
TO PROTECT THE OYSTER.
The baymen in the vicinity of Pat
choeue, L. L, are circulating a petition
for the passage of a resolution by the
Supervisors making the standard gauge
of oysters two inches Instead of one
and r\ half inches, as now. The present
gauge has failed to protect the young
oyster, as was Intended. The propose <\
two-inch oyster ••■ the size used as half
ehell for the export trade and Which
commands such a high figure in Lon
don and other foreign cities. The peti
tion will be presented to the SunerviP
ors at their meeting at Riwrhead on
September 26.— Fishing Gazette.
SHOES FOR HORSES.
No foot, no horse. Robert Bonner Is the
highest authority In the universe on bal
ancing the hoof, but I doubt if he under
' mous, as all the locomotives of the en
! tire road were made here, and at the
i time the fire broke out there was more
than the usual amount of work on
hand.
The machinery of the shops, itself, is
considered to be worth a fortune alone,
not considering the works of the erec
tion of locomotives, cars, etc., which
was being done in the building before
the fire broke out.
The effect vt the fire is inestimable
from a labor standpoint, as over 2000
men will be turned on the streets.
From last reports there was abso
lutely not the slightest possibility of
an abatement of the fury of the ilames.
Buildings were crumbling on every
hand aad the indefatigable efforts of
the firemen were abandoned after ever
an hour's work, and directed, instead
of trying to save the shops, to the pre
vention of the spreading of the flamea
to other Bections of the city.
stands the art of shoeing. The cost of a
set of shoes in Paris ranges from j to 150
francs. I have known many a man to pay
•soi> for four good plates nailed on by an
artist. In Now York we are quite as care
ful of our horseflesh, but $7 is regarded
as extravagant for shoes, One of our
noted bankers has a horse worth $27UU, ana
on this poor animal he has expended over
J4IXM in shoes. Another New i'orker who
drives a great deal 011 the road says he
has spent for shoes twenty times as much
as his norse is worth.— Victor Smith in the
New York Press.
HOME, SWEET HOME.
A square of flannel neatly hemmed
makes a good wash cloth.
In washing tumblers the water should
be very hot, but not boiling, and the
towel soft and clean.
Kaiser Wllhelm ha? ordered his
chaplain to quit preaching sermons
that are more than twenty minutes
long. His imperial Majesty's sanity
can no longer be questioned
Thin window draperies and lace cur
tains come in infinite variety, but the
very latest have plain backs, with a
border down the front edge and across
the bottom. Those of applique are very
ahowy. Irish and !'. Nt, Cluny
and Rennaissance are also handsome.
All-over barks are the exception rather
than the rule, but when u.s"d the em
pire wreath design still hoida if own.
Flowers, vines and medallion also are
favorite patterns.
Oriental effects. Dapdads, or heavy
figured goods are best adapted for por
tieres, or for the second pair of heavy
curtains for hall, dining-room or
library, while for the parlor old satin
embroidered are exce°dingly ha.ndpome.
Velours, with f,old embroidered border.
vie with satin Derby curtains in the
less expensive kinds. The embroidery
on the old satin is not hand work, but
is of French workmanship so skillful
that it is almost a perfect imitation.
Portieres can be swung back from a
window or door when mounted on a
newly designed rod, which has a verti
cal rod set in brackets at one side of
the door or window, with a brace to
support the curtain rod, the frame be
ing covered by draping the upper part
of the curtain.
FERGUSON WAS HIS GUEST.
"A Worcester man," says the Wor
cester Gazette, "who makes frequent
trips to Europe, fell in with a fas
cinating stranger the last time he
was across. The stranger, who may
be designated as Ferguson, because
that doesn't sound at all like his real
name, was an American, his manners
were those of a gentleman and he
seempd to be well supplied with money
and to know a great many people
worth knowing. In conversation with
the Worcester man one day Ferguson
paid: "Worcester is a charming city
and I have some very dear friends
there. I presume you know Colonel K.
J. Russell? He is an old and highly
esteemed friend, to whom I am deeply
Indebted for many favors.' When tho
Worcester man returned home he met
Colonel Russell one day, and in course
of conversation remarked that he had
met a man in Europe who said that he
was an old friend. Colonel Russell
thought for a moment and then he re
plied: 'Oh, yes; I remember Ferguson
very well. I ought to, for he lived with
me for seven years once. It was when
I was warden of the State prison at
Charlestown, and I will say that Fer
guson was one of the quietest and beat
behaved prisoners that I ever had."
FEMININE ART VIEWS.
The Critic has secured a food story
about the much-discussed "Bacchante."
Tvvo young women came along and
stonped In front of it. One said:
"I don't wonder the Boston Public
Library rejected it. I would have re
jected it myself."
The other said:
"So perfectly ridiculous! The idea of
feeding grapes to a baby as young as
that!"
It would be hard to match this with
out bringing up the anecdote which la
told of the Congressional, Library build
ing. Soon after the completion of that
beautiful structure a party of visitors
from the rural districts arrived in town
They took in all the sights, the Library
among the rest. It may be that their
adjectives were exhausted before they
reached the temple of literature. At
any rate, when they had entered the
spacious hall only one had anything
to say. She, in a voice which was
meant to signal across meadows and
barnyards, presently remarked:
"Ain't it cute!"
Before such sentiments as these rea
son faints and oratory is dumb. — Wash
ington Tlm^s.
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code.
It will be published Tuesday
morning.
A Sicilian tribunal hag just sentenced
a noted forger to Imprisonment for 189
years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1898.
WADE WILL HAVE
COMMAND IN CUBA
A New Military Depart
ment to Be Formed.
CHOICE OF THE PRESIDENT
LEE TO COMMAND THE DISTRICT
OF HAVANA.
General Gomez Does Not Apprehend
That the Islana Will Be An
nexed to the United
States.
Special Dispatch to Tho CalL
WASHINGTON, Nov. The Gov
ernment of Cuba has given the admin
istration much concern and its form is
not yet definitely determined upon.
Since issuing the order designating the
troops to go to Cuba there has been
considerable talk at the War Depart
ment about the probable commander
of troops in Cuba and the organization
of a government, civil and military.
The probabilities now are that Cuba
will be designated as one department
and placed under the command of one
officer. The general impression seems
to be that the officer will be Major Gen
eral Wade, now chairman of the Cuban
Military Commission, whose duties as
a member of this commission has fitted
him for the office. \
The President and Secretary Alger
have great confidence in General Wade
j and believe he combines the military
and civil qualities necessary for the
! supreme command of Cuba when our
occupation is complete.
There has been an intimation that
: General Brooke, who has been in com
' mand in Forto Rico, might be selected
Co* command in Cuba, but such is not
the present intention. General Brooke,
who ranks all the major generals in the
volunteer service, commands only
i about 6000 troops in Porto Rico, less
! than some brigadier generals who are
in command of divisions, and much less
'. than several generals in command of
corps. It is generally understood that
General Brooke does not care to remain
i any longer in Porto Rico than the de
' partment actually thinks his services
are required. There has been some sug
gestion that General Merritt might re-
I turn and take command in Cuba, but
the administration thinks the selection
of General Wade would be better.
General Wade ranks all the volunteer ,
major generals now in service, except j
Brooke and would rank General Lee in
'■ command of the Seventh Corps, al
• though the latter would be in actual
command of the district of Havana. ,
It is possible that the department of :
Cuba will be divided into districts, some
of greater and some of less importance,
'■ The districts would be Havana. Santi
' ago and Cienfuegos. It is possible that ;
each province will be designated as a
district. The command of the Second
Corps is still unsettled. General Law
ton was at one time selected for the
place but it was found that two offi
cers at least ranked him, and this prov
■ ed rather unsatisfactory.
Following is an extract from a letter
j received by Senor Quesada from Gen
' eral Gomez, written October 20:
»Thava full confidence in the solemn
promises' made by the Congress of
: Washington, and for that reason I do
i not have any fear as to the independ
ence of Cuba. Some time must elapse
1 before our ideal will be realized, but
! after so many struggles and privations
we can wait a little longer.
"The military occupation by the ,
United States is to a certain extent \
! necessary to prepare and hurry the j
! evacuation of the Spanish and to bring ;
! about harmony among the different lac- j
tions in Cuban politics. During this
military occupation the republican
government will be organized. Its de
cisions will be finally accepted by all;
order will reign everywhere.
"Those who speak of annexation try
to satisfy, above all, their spite propa
gating unfounded fears as to personal
i security and private property.
"The final success of our struggle has
' required necessary destruction of prop
i erty which the enemy Used to its ad
; vantage, but we have never attacked
! individuals. The struggle against Spain
is now ended; we commence now a
more delicate and difficult task—name
ly, to make our republican political
system triumph and to reconstruct the
i country. It is not an easy labor, and
1 all men who love their "country should
; contribute to it. For that reason I
cannot retire now, notwithstanding my
61 years.
'•Most of the officers and soldiers went
; Into the field obeying my orders; I can
' not abandon them until their future is
assured. They have lost everything
they had, they have a right to some
i nsation, and, above all, to their
! salaries; the new government must se-
I cure them. Their abandonment can
i not occur until the Spaniards have
evacuated; my men cannot be aban- ;
doned without bread or work to the
! mercy of their enemies. A solution
| could be found, perhaps, in the plan
j which the American Government is
: said to have of creating a native civil
guard formed In the majority of Cv
i ban soldiers. This organization would
' offer the advantage of not exposing the
! American troops to the deadly climate
! of the island and at the same time the
' United States would have people \> ho
knew the country thoroughly. In the
meanwhile and until the evacuation oc
: dura food must be provided for my sol
! diers. . - .
"The evacuation should be as rapid
I as possible, and afterward everything
! will be arranged, for the American Gov
| ernment will fulfill its moral pledges
to us. Some people have tried to make
us suspicious, :so as to bring about
trouble, but before doubting the good
faith of the American people .we must
j wait for acts which phall give the lie
I to their solemn pledges."
"CARPET-BAGGERS" BEGIN
TO ADVANCE UPON CUBA
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 6— An
Insurgent captain and lieutenant have
been arrested at Guantanamo for hold,
ing up a man on the street and taking
away his machete, which they after
ward sold for $2 50. They denied that
they were under any obligation to- pay
for it and claimed exemption from trial i
nnd imprisonment on the ground of
their rank In the Cuban army.
Mr. Kemoner has been promoted to
be postal agent of the military depart
ment of Santiago. John Gcrrst has been j
appointed postmaster of Santiago City
and Hugo Heyderman financial clerk.
There ate now eight postofflces in the
department— Santiago, Daiquiri. Guan
tanamo, Baracoa, San Luis, Manzanilln,
I Gibara and Holguin. Many people are
arriving here with letters from Sena
tors. One man Is virtually appointed
by Secretary Alger as collector of cus
toms at Manzanillo. He expects about
three times the salary of the Cuban
i row holding the position. Owing to
pressure of public business General
Leonard Wood, governor of the depart
< ment, has postponed his trip to Guan
[ tanamo for a day or two. but he will
probably leave before the middle of
the week.
PONCE, Nov. 6.— A large and repre
sentative body of Porto Rlcans have
drawn up a petition addressed to Presi
dent McKJnley asking the Government
to retain in Porto Rico Colonel John B.
Castleman and the First Kentucky Vol
unteers. General Henry has cabled to
Washington that the compliment is
thoroughly deserved, but that the regi
ment ought to po north. It Is under
stood that orders to move will be Is
sued aa soon as the Fifth United States
Cavalry arrives.
TIGERS DETERMINED
TO DEFEAT YALE
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. «.— The disap
pointed but not discouraged Tigers will
begin hard work to-morrow with the de
termination to down Yale. The chief ob
stacle to overcome is the crippled condi
tion of the men. Wheeler is in Philadel
phia undergoing treatment for a lame
back. Kafer was carried off the field at
West Point unconscious, and will not be
able to do duty to-morrow. Beardsley
has not recovered from the Injury to his
knee and is practically out of the game.
The condition of Wheeler is more serious
than that of any of the others, and the
chances are decidedly against his playing
on Saturday.
From the way things look now, Hutch
lnson and Myers will probably play at
quarter and full back respectively. Black
will play one halfback und Beardsley the
other if he recovers from his injuries in
time.
To-morrow the team will be put on long
practice, the halves being extended to
the limit.
INCENDIARY FIRE
AT SAN RAFAEL
Extensive Conflagration Averted
Through the Vigilance of a
Night Watchman.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 6.— if It had not
been for the . vigilance of Night Watch
man J. Miller it Is probable that where
many handsome residences now ornament
the eastern part 01' this city would stand
a mass of blackened, smoldering ruins.
Shortly after midnight an Incendiary set
fire to the grand stand of the baseball
grounds, but prompt alarm gave the
Fire Department ample time to subdue
the flames before the danger point was
reach a.
A Simons breeze was blowing from the
eosi at the time, and directly west of the
F,r;mu stand are situated many cottages.
It the fire had reached them it Is proba
ble ihat the depot of the California North
western Railway Company would have
!:t-.-!i I destroyed.
Them is no doubt that the fire was the
work of an incendiary. So lar the authori
ties have not been able to discover a
clew to his identity.
FIRE IN A TUNNEL
NEAR DONNER LAKE
Southern Pacific Trains Will Be De
layed Three or Four Days by
the Disaster.
TRI'CKEE, Nov. 6.— Fire in Southern
Pacific tunnel 13 this afternoon destroyed
all ihe woodwork and burned about 600
feet of snowshed. The fire, has spread all
over the mountain-side. In all probabil
ity it will be three or four days before
trains can pass the scene of disaster.
Tunnel 13 Is about ><• feet lone, and is
sUuated about six milea w.-st of here and
hlKh up on the mountain side above Dor
mer Lake, it waa braced with timbers
12x14 Great volumes of smoke and fire
can be seen rising Inch in tho air in the
vicinity at Denn«r Lake this evening.
Gans and Daly Matched.
BALTIMORE, Nov. *).— Joe Gar.s, the
colored pugilist, who defeated McPart
land in New York Friday night, has been
match, d to meet Jack Daly of Wilming
ton before the Cleveland Athletic Club
ai Cleveland. The bout is scheduled for
December 12, and the club guarantees
a purse of $uOOO. The men will weif;h in
at 8 p. m. on the day of the contest at 133
pounds.
Takes a Dose of Strychnine.
SACBAMBNTQ, Nov. 6.— Charles Han
sen, a bartender, swallowed two ounces
of strychnine in a J Btareet lalooa this
morning, and died about thirty minutes
thereafter. He was a German by
birth but had lived in this city for five
or -ix years. He was out of employment.
So Car as Is known he had no relatives
in the State.
Explosion of Chemicals.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 6. — An explosion
of chemicals at the powder works yes
terday partially destroyed the labora
tory. " R. Robinson was slightly burned.
A heavy stream of water prevented
further damage, confining the fire to
the laboratory.
— — ■ — •»
An Ex-Governor Injured.
BRADFORD, Vt., Nov. 6.— Ex-Governor
Roswell Fernham was severely injured
by falling from a railway station Frtday
evening, and lies in a critical condition
with concussion of the brain.
— — - -r-
George H. Babbitt's Death.
BELLOW FALLS, Vt.. Nov. 6.— George
H Babbitt, general superintendent of the
Northern New England division of the
American Express Company, died to-day,
aged 70 years.
Death of Sister Mary Larkin.
WASHINGTON Nov. 6.— A dispatch
from General Brooke at San Juan an
nounces the death of Sister Mary Larkin,
contract nurse, of typhoid fever.
Salmon Bun at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 6.— A big run of
salmon is on. More than 200 were caught
here in the past few days.
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code.
it will be published Tuesday
morning.
111% IS A COMMON SCOLD.
The unusual spectacle of a man ar
raigned as a common scold was enjoyed
by a choice audience Which gathered in
the roliru.im of the police station at Front
and Master struts the other morning:.
Magistrate O'Brion occupied the judicial
bench aod the prisoner before him was
J »hn Ilcrtmann of 937 Marshall street.
The audience Was principally composed of
Hartmahn's rteiehbors and the principal
witness against him was Charles Plckett,
who ri sldaa next door to him. Pickett
testified that Hartmann has been nagging
at the people of the neighborhood for
some time. Hartmann objected to his
neighbors sitting upon their door steps at
flight, and insisted that they should stay
inside and go to bed early. On one occa
sion he deliberately turned the hose upon
Pickett and hi* wife because they refused
"to u>> in the house by 10 o'clock." Sev
ern! women In the courtroom chimed In
with a concert of ahecdotes, but were sup
pressed by the Judge.
Hartmrinn, who has a pronounced Ho
henzollero accent to match his alleged
Kaiser WilhPlm proclivities for managing
other people's affairs, shouted: "Vy don'd
dey mofe cleir houses Und go? I am a
nuisance not." When the magistrate held
Hartir.ann on the- charge of being a com
mon scold and demanded ba.il, the de
fendant's lawyer cried: "You cannot hold
toy client on that charge. Who ever
heard of a man being a common scold?"
"I did, just now, alia unless your Client
enters bail for |400 he will take a ride In
the wagon waiting outside," replied the
court. 1 lnrtmnnn's brother-in-law went
on hi*' bond.— Philadelphia Record.
A TART REPLY.
A student recently asked the presi
dent of Oberlin College if hi; could not
take a shorter course than that pre
scribed by the institution. "Oh, yes,"
was the reply, "but that depends upon
what you want to make of yourself.
When God wants to make an oak he
takes a hundred years, but when he
wants to make a squash he takes six
months."
IMPORTING THUGS
FOR THE ELECTION
Colonization Detected in
New York.
OFFICIALS ON THE LOOKOUT
POLICE SUPPLIED WITH FULL
INFORMATION.
Superintendent of Election McCul
lough Reports on the Dis
coveries Made by His
Force.
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— State Superin
tendent of Election John E. McCullough
sent a letter to the Board of Police
Commissioners to-day in which he
says :
I am reliably informed that it is pro
posed to import Into the Sixth Assembly
District thugs, crooks and panhandlers
from New Jersey, Connecticut and the
city of Troy, prominent among those of
that city being some of the men identi
fied with what has been generally known
as the Hat Shea gang.
I desire to notify you that It haa been
reported to me that floaters have been
registered from the so-called Raines law
hotels and cafes in the Second, Fifth,
Sixth and Eighth Assembly districts, who
have surrendered 1 their registration cer
ti!ieates for a consideration to certain per
sons In such districts, and that other
floaters and imported crooks and ex-con
victs will be given these certificates of
registration to vote during 1 the day of
election.'
1 also desire to notify you that I have
every evidence of a considerable col
onization of colored crooks who have been
driven out of Chicago by the reorganiza
tion of the police force of that city, and
from Philadelphia, Pittsburg and other
nearby cities, who have settled within the
boundaries of what has become known
as the tenderloin district, and an investi
gation of the colored clubs located in the
Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty
ninth. Thirtieth, Thirty-first and Thirty
scAnd districts by the detectives under
your command will. I am convinced, lead
to the apprehension and conviction of
many of these violators of the law.
1 shall deliver into your custody for
service before the day of election addi
; warrants granted by the magis
trates of the city of New York against
persons accused of violations of election
laws. My deputies have been instructed
to make no arrests upon election day for
any alleged offense committed against
the elective franchise until the person so
accused shall have cast his ballot, if he
shall demand the right to do so, and I
have no desire to interfere with the rights
of any citizen entitled to exercise such
right, but rather to protect every citizen
in the exercise of his right.
IS THERE AN IDEAL, IN FRANCE?
Is there an ideal in France? One might
be disposed to question this. The French
character which prides itself bo much On
its lucidity and logic, is essentially realis
tic. It has its moments of Tartarinesque
exuberance, but then Tartarin was one of
the most practical of men. An inquisitive
writer in Figaro has recently addressed
a questionnaire or circular demand to
many of the most eminent and Some of
the most strikingly mediocre personages \
in this country, requesting them to state
what was their ideal at the age of twen
ty. Most of the answers are curious; all
are-* interesting. Some arc hypercritical,
others bombastic, and those which seem
to bear the Impress of genuine confession
are a little pessimistic. Theophile Gau
tier has already said that '"in order to for
get the brutalities and bitternesses of the
present time, one must look back to the
past and console one's self by thinking of
the ideal one had at twenty years of age."
Barbey d'Aurevilly exclaimed: "'The
ideal at twenty years of age!' The star
which always shines over our head, in
spite of the mists of senility."
Thanks, then, to the Figaro, we know
now what was the ideal at twenty years
of age of those remarkable personages,
MM. Aurelien Scholl, Hyaclnthe Loyson,
Oarolus Duran, Victorien Sardou, Henri
Becque, Rodin, Armand Sllvestre, Charles
Lt-cocq, Francisque Sarcey, and Mme.
Judic. Sardou, that great upholsterer of
modern melodrama, who would have
turned Moliere into a limited liability
company, with branches in all. parts of
the globe, wandered, at the age of 20,
among the old trees of the Luxembourg—
since replaced by younger ones, which are
not worthy of their predecessors— and his
ideal was success and celebrity, with £500
a year, a library of 1000 or 1200 books, and
a cottage in the country similar to the
guardian's lodge at the iron gate of the
Rue de Vaugirard, with its puddle of dirty
water In front, where the ducks splashed
about. In addition, of course, decorations
and the Academy, and honorific functions
and what not. All of which things M.
Victorien Sardou has most ideally
achieved, and ho is very happy. Not so
M. Henri Becque. who has never thought
much of M. Sardou.
Poor M. Becuue has always been a
grumbler, an incompris. His special de
testation is M. Claretle, manager of the
Comedle Prancalse, to whom he attributes
the small pecuniary . success he has
achieved with the public. No one denies,
of course, that M. I Becque is a great
dramatist. "At twenty years, at thirty
and even later. I . have had dreams, of
which not one has been realized"'— that
is all he condescends to say. It is very
sad. M. Franeesque Sarcey, another of
Becque's betes ndires, the typical bour
?eols dramatic critic, but a first-rate good
ellow, remembers that at twenty years
all he wanted to be was a university
professor, and that he became; and,
though he has drifted into journalism, a
professor he has always remained. He
quotes About as a similar instance. About
was born to be a novelist, but never un
derstood this; he always hankered after
a university career.
Armand Silvestre, the modern Rabelais,
the last (let us really hope the last) de
pository of the vieil esprit gaulois. had
but one ambition at the age of twenty,
which was to love. How. touching! And
since then he has gone on loving,, "even
though he may hope no more." : ■
Carolus Duran wanted to have a grand
talent, to be really somebody, righteous
in character, and worthy of inspiring the
same love which he was capable of feel
ing himself. He is now old, but he feels
with Musset that "rien nest bon que
d'almer." Added to Which he is the fash
ionable portrait painter of American heir
esses, the father of a charming family,
and a command"" of the Legion of Honor.
Rodin,. the great sculptor of Balzac, de
serves to be contrasted with him. At the
age of 20 he was seeking, without
success, a master to his taste, and sent to
the Salon the famous bust "The Man
With the Broken Nose," which was re
fused. "When I was young "he writes,
"I always walked about with the first
•Meditations' of I.aniartine in my pock
et ' They Were tender and religious in the
face of nature. My sculpture resembles
them. I have introduced something of
the 'Meditations' into many of my works.
So I have realized my ideal a little."
. Aurelien Scholl wanted to be a great
man of letter?; he .has been simply a pop
ular journalist, an arbitrator of duels,
and a" fashionable. wit. He used to dream
of the Academy; now he dreams only of
the Nirvana and of bringing out a vol- j
ume of reminiscences. _ w .
And Hyacinthe Loyson (Pere Hya
cinthe)? Ah, his was a gradiose^ ideal.
"At twenty . years ■ I dreamed 'of ? men
growing great in knowledge and mor
ality, Reeking their happiness in aiding
and loving one another." . But among the
deceptions and bitternesses of the pres
ent hour M. Loyson reflects that. he has
not sold his conscience, that ho:go*ld
could purchase it and that God is above
all the God of Reason, the God of Des
cartes, whom he has never ceased to low
and worship. "So that, after all, life ,la
good.'and death also.'. 1 :.
And at twenty years of age Mme. Ju
die's Ideal was to play, drama and to re
main thin. Life has not realized either
of these. dreams, but though she has re
nounced all, hope of i becoming. thin, ■> she
does not yet despair, of one day playing
drama.— 'Mall Gazette.
NEW SOCIETY OF
WAR VETERANS
Is Patterned After the
Grand Army.
SPANISH WAR SERVICE MEN
FIBST CAMP ORGANIZED AT
LEXINGTON.
All American Soldiers Who Served
Their Country During tne Late
Struggle Eligible to
Membership.
Special rrtepatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 6.— Last
night there was organized In this city
a society which aims to be to the sol
diers who enlisted for the Spanish-
American War what the Grand Army
of the Republic has been to the Federal
army of the Civil War.
"The Service Men of the Spanish
War" is the title of the new society.
The plan of organization was con
ceived by Captain Wilson Davenny,
commissary of subsistence of the First
Brigade, Second Division, First Army
Corps. Articles of incorporation have
been drafted by Captain Davenny,
Colonel R. W. Leonard, Twelfth New
York; Colonel George W. Gunder, One
Hundred and Sixtieth Indiana; Colonel
Thomas J. Smith, Third Kentucky;
Colonel ..illiam H. Pew, Eighth Mas
sachusetts; Colonel William H. Caffee,
Second Missouri; Lieutenant Colonel R.
W. Banks, Third Mississippi.
This, the primal chapter, has been
named Henry Clay Camp No. L The
following officers were elected: Com
mander, Colonel Leonard; vice com
mander, Lieutenant Colonel Banks;
adjutant and chief of staff, Captain
Davenny; treasurer, Colonel Gunder.
A ritual and regulations will be
drafted.
The plan of organization provides
that the parent organization, Henry
Clay Camp No. 1, shall be supreme in
all matters pertaining to the ritual and
regulations, organization of new camps
and the general government of the so
ciety until a national camp is organ
ized.
The units of organization shall be the
local camps, each to be named after
some deceased American soldier, sailor
or statesman and numbered in the or
der of their formation.
Each local camp shall elect two rep
resentatives to a State camp, and one
of these representatives shall be desig
nated to attend a national camp. Char
ters for local camps shall be issued by
the commander and adjutant of the
parent camp until a national encamp
ment is fully organized and provided
with headquarters for its officers.
The charter fee at the outset is fixed
at ?20 for local camps. The funds ac
cruing to the parent organization or
to the national camp as its portion of
charter fees, etc., shall be used to de
fray the expenses of the administra
tion. Local camps are permitted to
provide for benefits for needs of worthy
members if it is deemed advisable.
A review of transportation was held
at Camp Hamilton to-day. All the
army wagons, ambulances and con
veyances of every sort were inspected.
PANBESA'S LETTER.
Probably the oldest letter In the
world is the letter of Panbesa, written
fifteen centuries before Christ, to his
friend Amenemapt, a scribe.
The manuscript is of perishable
papyrus, and it is amazing that it
should have survived for more than
thirty centuries and still be legible.
It is preserved in the collection of the
British Museum. It has been several
times translated during the present
century. It presents an interesting
picture of life in Egypt in the time of
Rameses 11. It is more in the nature
of a literary production, a poem com
posed in celebration of the visit of
Pharoah to the city of Pa-Rameses,
than an ordinary letter of to-day.
Panbesa "greets his lord, the scribe
Amenemapt, to whom be life, health
and strength," and then goes on to de
scribe the verdant fields, the thrashing
floors, the vineyards, the groves of
olives, the orchards of flgs, the great
daily markets, with their fish and
waterfowl and swarms of purchasers.
The citizens had their "sweet wine of
Khemi, pomegranate wine and wine
from the vineyards," and to these they
added "beer of Kati."
There was music in plenty furnished
by the singers of the school of
Memphis.
On the whole Pa-Rameses seems to
have been a pleasant place to live in.
•'The lesser folk are there equal with
the great folk," and Panbesa writes
that its maidens were "in holiday attire
every day" with locks "redolent of
perfumed oil."— Washington Star.
EFFECT OF AN ELEVATOR ON
MORALS.
The regenerating influence of a silk
hat is well known. It calls inevitably
for a frock coat and an umbrella,
which are badges of respectability, and
not only lead their possessor to asso
ciate with others similarly equipped,
but impel him to avoid disreputable
folk who hold such attiie in derision.
Again, the ownership of a silk hat, a
frock coat and an umbrella, al at one
and the same time, insensibly promotes
habits of neatness and precision, and,
in brief, a thorough reformation is
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOR BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind arid Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness . after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushing
: of Heat, Loss of Appetite. iCostiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervouß and Trembling Sensations.
i THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be •
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
i; BEECH PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
' obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
' And bare the ■
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
-\ : 25c. at all Drug Stores. "
eventually effected, from the ound
asrent "For years," he said. I never
the early night became almost a second
have several flights of very steep
companions. Nothing like an elevator
to renovate on 3's morals, my boy. It^s
very uplifting. "-New Orleans Times-
Democrat. .
ADVERTISEMENTS^
ASTHMA
CURED
TO BTAY CURED.
During the Last Six Weeks Over
700 Sufferers Have Tried DOC-
TOR BOUXEL'S Asthma Cure.
Over 600 Continued the Treat-
ment. That Speaks for Itself.
The doctor wants each snttervc from Asthma,
Hay Fever or Bronchitis In this city to call and
get one. When asked regarding his reasons for
giving his remedy away In this manner be
said- "People are naturally skeptical about an
asthma remedy, and when you consider the
number of so-called 'cures' on the market you
can hardly blanaa them. Now I claim that my
Cure curr*9. It will Instantly relieve the moat
violent attack. It has permanently cured thou-
sands who had been considered incurable. If
I did not believe It why should I be giving it
away? The sufferer who ireta a sample oan
tell whether It Is aa I represent It. and It
doesn't cost him a cent. That Is fair, lsn t It.
It certainly doee not look aa If anything oould
be fairer. Those Living In the city or vicinity
must call at office. Those living at a dlstanco
can receive free sample by addressing DR.
, EOUXEL, 823 Kearny street.
Hours— ll a. m. to 4p. to. and 7toBp. m.
Sundays— ll to 12. .
GAGE AND NEFF !
REPUBLICAN MASS-MEETING
TO-NIGHT!
Under th« Auspice* of th«
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE,
At SARATOGA HALL, 814 Geary St.
GENERAL W. H. I* BARNES. HON. GEO.
C PERKINS, HON. EUGENE F. LOUD.
HON. JULIUS KAHN. HON. TIREY L.
FORD. HON. CHARLES L. PATTON.
And Others Will Address the Meeting.
The Buena Vista Parlor. N. D. G. W.. Drill
Corps, comprising eighteen young ladles, will
assist Mme. Coursen-Roeckel In singing the
"Star Spangled Banner."
■ The Excelsior and Troutt Quartets Will Ren-
der Selections. FRANK D. WORTH.
President.
HAMILTON J. RIGGINS. Secretary. ■
FOR
MAYORS
BftSfiro n nufi fill
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PA RTI9AN
NOMINEE.
FOR...
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR. . . !
PUBLIC. . .
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FREBSE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
r.ErrrntiicAN. i non-partisan akd POP-
' ULIST NOMINEE. '
f~\ I. J.TRUMAN
']*• (to ft FOR
\P^f TREASURER. ;
2^'"% .Republican, Non-Partisan and CIU-
AiMUWlff , »^t fens Bepublioan Nominee.
WW: Voting Number 23.
SBSC RHODES BORDEN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PAHTISAN AND PEO-
PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE. ;
FOR railroad commissioner. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE. -
ASA R. WELLS,
FOR AUDITOR.
Republican, ' Non- Partisan and . Citizens* Re-
publican Nominee. Voting Number 7.
DR. ED, E. HILL
. For CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PAItTY NOMINEE.
vote for. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FOR CORONER
AND .- TILV DEAX) WILL iJii itEaPECTBD.
■"-.- - "■ ■■■'■■" . ' ■'"':■">■CARELESSNESS,
NOT WEATHER,
NOW ALLEGED
Maria Teresa Able
to Stand Gales.
NAVAL MEN SPEAK PLAINLY
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER HAS
RIS' AMBITION.
£aid to Have Used Political Machin
ery in Order to Secure Com
mand of the Raised
Spanish. Cruiser.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Qor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 6.—
Naval officers told me the Maria Teresa
was in condition to stand gales safely,
and that, towed by the Merritt and
Vulcan and convoyed by the Leonidas,
there was every reason for her safe ar
rival at Norfolk If properly sailed.
Carelessness, not weather, was the j
cause of the Teresa's loss, in the opin
ion of officers here.
When work on the Maria Teresa was
begun under Captain Sharp of ihe
wrecking company Commodore Watson
found that the large amount of the
agreed per diem, $800, tempted Captain
Sharp to "dilly dally" over the work.
He therefore dismissed Captain Sharp
and appointed Captain Chittenden to
take charge of the work of raising the
cruiser.
Under the contract the Government
was to render all assistance possible, j
The repair ship Vulcan, commanded by
Lieutenant Commander Ira Harris, was j
detailed from work on the ships in i
Guantanamo Bay. While the time of j
the ships crew was devoted to work j
on the Teresa Lieutenant Commander
Harris directed the work of the wreck-
Ing party, doing nothing on any of the
Government vessels.
Lieutenant Commander Harris, fired
with ambition to be in charge of the
splendid prize when she was delivered
to the United States, it is alleged, put
political machinery in motion in order
to obtain a sentimental record con
nected with the Spanish ship. He had
In view, it is asserted, his own restora
tion to service, as he was only serving
as a volunteer officer.
Captain Chester of the Cincinnati,
senior officer on the Cuban station, en
couraged him. The wrecking company,
desiring to deliver the Teresa at Guan
tanamo, thus avoiding the responsibil
ity of the passage, put no obstacles in
his path, and Mr. Harris's plans were
successful.
He was detached from command of
the Vulcan and transferred to the
Teresa In just what special capacity is
not known here. If, however, he was
In command as the representative of
the United States he was virtually re
ceiving officer, thereby relieving the
wrecking company of that part of the
contract requiring delivery at Norfolk.
MAMA TERESA MAY
YET BE AFLOAT
NORFOLK, Va., Nov. 6. — No one saw
the Maria Teresa sink, and it is now
feared she may be afloat, a dangerous
derelict and menace to commerce. The
repair-ship Vulcan, which parted com
pany with the wrecking tug Merritt eff
the- Bahama Islands in last Tuesday's
Etoim, during which the joint convoy,
the cruiser Infanta Maria Teresa, was
lost, arrived at Hampton Roads .to
day, bringing additional news of the
catastrophe.
f'hief Engineer Sims of the Vulcan
said that after the crew of 108 men
aboard the Teresa was taken off by
the Merritt the Vulcan, which was tow-
Ing the disabled cruiser by a fifteen-
Inch hawser, proceeded for four hours
longer to tow her toward Norfolk. The
hawser from the Vulcan was secured
by a chain bridle around her after uite.
The great fear of the Vulcan's officers
was that she might not be able to get
rid of the dangerous tow without foul-
Ing: her own propeller with the heavy
tackle. The chief engineer said, d<
epite the possibility of the Teresa sink-
Ing at any minute and pulling her con
sort down after her, the Vulcan held
on manfully to the former Spaniard un
til it was believed that to tow her
longer was to sink with her.
It was then that Lieutenant Gilmer
ordered the men to cut with axes the
great hawser and throw off the chain
bridle. The Vulcan's engine stopped
meanwhile.
By this time the Teresa was pitch-
Ing and rolling as though she was to
go down very soon. She, however, held
her course astern of the Vulcan for
some time. Tremendous seas were
sweeping over her. The last seen of her
by those aboard the Vulcan was the
American flag flying defiantly astern,
and the men cheered as they left the
ship to her fate. The Vulcan proceeded
northeast all night at two knots an
hour. At daybreak she turned back
and searched "all day, but saw nothing
of the Teresa, Merritt, or the collier
Leonidas. As night fell the gale in
creased, and it was determined to pro
ceed to Hampton Roads.
Sims said that at times it was im
possible for men to work aboard the
Teresa. The air was very foul, and the
discovery of the skeletons of Spaniards
in the hold was almost a daily occur
rence. Sims says no one saw the Ter
esa sink. It was stated that before be
ing abandoned her after water-tight
compartments were closed. She may be
ev<*n now a dangerous derelict afloat at
eea. Search will be made for her until
at least floating wreckage is found
which makes it reasonably certain that
she y>zs crone to the bottom. Nothing
nas been heard of the Leonidas.
THE VULCAN LOST
SIGHT OF THE TERESA
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Nov. 6.— The
repair ship Vulcan arrived in Hampton
Roads late last night. She started
from Santiago vi'h the Maria Teresa,
together with the tugs Merrltt and
Leonidas. Th<; night the Teresa went
flown she lost track of the two tugs and
after a fruitless search for them started
for Hampton Roads. The men on the
Vuican were grraitfled to learn that the
Merritt had arrived at Charleston, as
they feared that she had been lost.
Shot by a Quicker Man.
TOMBSTONE, Nov. 6.— Last night Joe
rerrill Eliot and killed Henry Marquard
at the Commonwealth mine In Pearce,
this county. Both men were employes of
the Commonwealth Mining Company,
rerrill as engineer and Marquard is
watchman. The latter attacked Ternll
und attempted to flraw his revolver, when
rerrill fired, killing Marquarl Instantly.
Both men were old residents of Cochls
County. Public opinion seems to Justify
the deed.
ONE STEP ABOVE
THE EMPEROR
Empress Dowager of China
Seems to Have Full Pos
session of the Throne.
PEKING, Nov. 6.— Yang Funio,
the Japanese Minister to China,
had an audience with the Em
press Dowager and the Emperor
to-day for the purpose of an
nouncing the decorations confer
red upon them by the Mikado.
The Empress Dowager was
seated one step above the Em
peror. She made the usual com
plimentary speech, after which
the Emperor read a speech
couched in similar terms. His
Majesty seemed in good health.
Yesterday the foreign envoys
decided to make a strong de
mand upon the Government for
the removal of General Kang
Suq's troops outside the prov
ince of Pechli before November
15. Unless this demand is grant
ed they threaten themselves to
assume the protection of the
railway communication between
Peking and the coast.
Hsu Ching, formerly Chinese
Embassador to Russia and Ger
many, has been appointed a
member of the Tsung Li Tamen.
THREE MORE BODIES
DUG FROM THE RUINS
List of Victims of the Detroit Theater
Disaster Now Numbers
Eleven.
DETROIT, Mich., Nov. 6.— Three more
victims were to-day dug from the ruins
of the New Wonderland building, which
'collapsed yesterday afternoon. This
makes the death list so far eleven. The
bodies recovered to-day were identified as
those of Peter Pfeifle, carpenter; Frank
Wolf, tinner, and Max Pett, who was
Wolfs helper.
All the Injured at the hospitals were to
day reported improving, except Edward
Fischer, who is expected to die.
A mass-meeting of representative citi
zens was held at noon in the Mayor s
office, and over $1000 was subscribed for
the relief of the families of those who
were killed. The loss on the property was
estimated to-day for the first time. It
is believed that $102,000 will cover it.
What caused the catastrophe Is still un
known and probably will be until the
Coroner's inquest next week. A promin
ent local architect In an Interview to-day
stated that he did not believe in the the
ory that the steel work was faulty, but
saJd he did believe that it was not heavy
enough.
All three bodies discovered to-day were
in the center of the building, buried un
der tons of debris. Frank Wolf was found
strangled to death by a heavy steel girder
which lay across his throat. Both the
o her bodies were frightfully mangled. In
addition to those known to be dead there
are still missing Fred Miller, Charles
Mielke and O. Mullln.
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code.
It will be published Tuesday
morning.
«.
RAVAGES OF SMALLPOX
IN HOLGUIN DISTRICT
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— General Wood,
commanding at Santiago de Cuba, has
sent a cable dispatch to the Central
Cuban Relief Association which reads:
"I find in Holguin district, just evacu
ated by the Spaniards, long standing
smallpox scattered throughout the dis
trict and am making every effort to
stamp it out. Dr. Woodson of the army
is in charge of the work. Please send
him to Gibara by first Government
transport 1000 cots and 200 half-ounce
bottles of vaccine lymph."
Agent Warner of the Red Cross, who
reached Gibara in the latter part of
September on the schooner Mary E.
Morse, reported on his arrival the ter
rible spread of smallpox, which had
been raging unchecked for a long time,
and called for vaccine virus. Enough
for 1000 vaccinations was at once sent,
as well as a quantity of quinine. The
facts were telegraphed to General
Wood in reply to his message and he
was told that the supplies asked for
would be sent to the Red Cross agent at
Gibara for Dr. Woodson's use.
SWINDLER LODTMAN
ARRESTED AT CHICAGO
Obtained Several Thousand Dollars
by Cashing Worthless
Drafts.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6.— William Lodtman,
once a wealthy lumber dealer of Bohemia
and later a lieutenant in the German
army, is under arrest in this city charged
with swindling. Lodtman admits having
passed worthless checks and drafts in va
rious parts of the country during the last
few years, but claims that the whole
amounted to only $1000, most of which
he paid back. The police assert, however,
that Lodtman has secured several thou
sand dollars and was about to pass a
worthless drafts for a large sum at Port
Huron when captured. Lodtman is well
known in America and Europe as a news
paper writer on scientific subjects. Busi
ness adversity, he says, compelled him
to obtain money through swindling.
The city has had experience
•with a Phelan Board of Super
visors, and the time has come for
a change.
Congress of Mothers.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The third na
tional congress of mothers will be held
in Washington in February, 1899, begin
ning Tuesday, February 14, and continu
ing four days. All clubs or organizations
intending to affiliate with the national
body should do so immediately. In order
to secure voting representation at the
coming congress.
Crew of a Stranded Schooner.
NEW lORK, Nov. 6.— The Ward line
steamer Saratoga, from Nassau Novem
ber 2, brought to this city to-day Captain
V C. Benner and five men of the crew of
the schooner Jennie F. Willey. which was
Stranded on October 23 at Walkers Bay
while bound from Jacksonville for Mar
tinique.
BONNET'S CHANCES
BEST FOR SHERIFF
A careful canvass of the city shows that T. F. Bonnet, the popular candi
date for Sheriff, has established himself in the minds and hearts of the
people by reason of his magnificent record as License Collector. The political
don't want Bonnet because they cannot use him. He will not permit
them to pollute the very fountain of justice, the jury-box, which passes
throueh his office before it finds a resting place in the courts. He will not
tolerate the appointment by them of a gang of political loafers whom the
bosses must reward for dirty work. They want a Sheriff who will be po
litically deaf dumb and blind; a man who will be a mere figurehead, and
allow them to name the deputies, pack juries and run things to suit - them
selves. And for all of these reasons the people desirous of good government
will elect Mr. Bonnet, *
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CAJLJj, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1893.
DETERMINED
TO TAKE THE
PHILIPPINES
Spain's Tactics of No
Avail.
UNCLE SAM WANTo ISLANDS
BLUSTER OF THE DONS ONLY IN
CREASES THE DESIRE.
Sum to Be Paid the Madrid Goovern
ment Will Not Exoeed the
Aggregate of Debts fox
Improvements.
■Jteolal Dispatch to Th» Can.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says:
Spain's exhaustive argument against
the cession of the Philippines to the
United States has had the result of
making the officials all the more de
termined to take the islands. The in
structions sent to Mr. Day. chairman
of the American Commissioners, will
require him and his colleagues to re
new on Tuesday their demands for the
cession of the group to the United
States, and they will make In their
communication the first otter in money
in payment for the islands.
It Is understood that the President
will consult to-morrow with some of
his advisers concerning the amount to
be named in the American communica
tion, but I was told again to-night that
the sum to be paid will not under any
consideration exceed the aggregate of
debts contracted by the Spanish Gov
ernment for improvements in the Phil
ippines. All military debts and debts
contracted in the name of other islands,
such as Cuba, will be barred, and the
Spanish Commissioners will be In
formed that they must recognize this
fact as promptly as possible.
Secretary Hay has received* a full
statement of the contents of the Span
ish note. Its character was just what
the officials expected— without any new
arguments of importance, I under
stand that Senor Rios and his col
leagues call attention to the action of
their Government in delivering the
note through M. Cambon, French Em
bassador, to President McKinley,
which set forth the understanding of
the Spanish Government that in agree
ing to the protocol its sovereignty over
the Philippines would not be affected.
It is also claimed by the Spanish
Commissioners that this declara
tion was assented to by President
McKinley. As a matter of fact, I was
told this afternoon the note had been
delivered, but the President had de
clined to answer it, either in writing or
verbally to M. Cambon.
The Spanish Commissioners have de
clared, it is said, that instead of the
United States acquiring the Philip
pines, this Government should pay
their Government indemnity for the
attack on Manila after the peace proto
col had been signed and for the dam
age consequently done.
I understand that after the Philip
pine question has been disposed of the
Commissioners will consider the de
termination of claims which have been
filed by Americans against Spain and
by Spaniards against the United State's.
It was thought that this Government
would bind itself to satisfy all Amer
ican claims in consideration of territory
ceded to the United States, but I under
stand this is incorrect. The Spanish
Commissioners have a heavy claim for
filibustering against the United States
to offset the claims filed by Americans
for personal and property injuries, and
the question of their disposition will
have to be decided.
Remind your neighbors of the
importance of the issues at
stake, and sec that all off them
make up their minds to vote to
morrow.
SPAIN WILL SIGN PEACE
TREATY UNDER PROTEST
LONDON, Nov. 7.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
Spain will sign the peace treaty under
protest.
The Vienna correspondent of the
Times, commenting upon the irritation
of the German press over the attitude
of the United States toward the Phil
ippine question, says: "It has but lit
tle importance and is only likely to ex
cite the scorn and defiance of the
Americans and tend to confirm them
in their determination to keep the Phil
ippines." The Framdenblatt, in a
temperate article that gives the Ger
man papers an example of impartial
ity, recognizes that it is purely a ques
tion for the Americans to decide for
themselves.
The Berlin correspondent of the
Times, after giving extracts from an
other longer and violent article in the
Kolnische Zeitung. declares that the
fate of the Philippines cannot be a
matter of indifference to Germany, and
expresses the opinion that such utter
ances will only stiffen the attitude of
the United States.
The Berlin correspondent of the
Standard says: The semi-official pa
pers have received a hint to stop their
attacks upon America. I have good
reason to believe, however, that Ger
many will doff her reserve so soon as
other powers seek a share in the spoils
of the Philippines.
COMMISSION MERCHANT
LURED FROM HOME
Wife and Mother Fear That He Is
the Victim of Murderous
Blackmailers.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— Edgar V. McCon
key, formerly a commission merchant in
South Water street, was lured from his
home at 180 Wilmot street at 6:30 this aft
ernoon. Absolute mystery surrounds his
URGES BUILDING
THE CANAL 1
In His Message to Congress -
the President Will Show the *
Need of Controlling the
Waterway.
NEW YOR3C. Nov. 6.— The ■
Herald's Washington corre- -
spondent says: In President -
McKinley's message to Congress ■
will be a very strong and urgent ■
appeal for immediate legislative •
action for the construction of •
the Nicaxaguan canal under •
Government direction. The ■
President will point out that our ■
new connections in the Pacific •
and in the West Indies make it ■
imperative for us to build and ■
control the great international ■
waterway, and that delay be- ■
yond the present Congress in au- ■
thorizing its construction will -
jeopardize the chances for «
Amprican control in th« future.
disappearance and all efforts on the part
of his family to locate him or to explain
the abduction have proved unavailing.
They believe it is a clear case of kid
naping for blackmail, and the wife and
mother fear Mr. McConkey has been
murdered, although they can suggest no
explanation or motive other than a pos
eible plot formed by former business as
sociates who may have been bested in
some transaction or other.
McConkey left his home in response to
a telephone call, which summoned him to
the Upton Pharmacy, Milwaukee.
JAPANESE CABINET
FORMED BY YAMAGATA
Contains No Member Who Is Con-
nected With a Political
Party.
YOKOHAMA, Nov. : Field , Marshal
Marquis Yamagata Aritomo has formed
a Ministry to succeed the Cabinet of
Count | Okuma Stagaki— the first party
Cabinet in the history df Japan—
took office on June 28 - last i and J resigned
on October 31, owir to differences upon
the question of filling the portfolio of
Public Instruction, ihe Yamagata Cab
inet contains no member who is connected
with any of the political parties. It is con
stituted as followe: .
President of the Council and Premier,
Marquis Yamagata Aritomo.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Viscount
Aokl, formerly Japanese Embassador to
Germany. ■ „ ■ ■ ,■■ _ , ■
Minister of the Interior, Marquis Saigo
Tsugumichl. ' „ . ■ , .
Minister of Finance, Count Matzoukata,
Minister of War, Lieutenant General
Katsura.
Minister of Marine, Admiral Yamamoto.
Minister of Justice, M. Kiyoura Keigo.
»
RIOTING BREAKS OUT
AGAIN AT PANA, ILL
Attack on a White Miner by a Negro
Leads to a Lively Exchange of
Shots.
PAN A, 111., Nov. 6.— There wa3 a re
newal of hostilities to-day between the
union miners and the Imported negroes
from Alabama. A negro attacked James
Boyle, a union miner. This started the
battle in which twenty-five or thirty
shots were exchanged. Two negroes were
slightly Injured. Major Butler sent a
detachment of soldiers and a Gatllng gun
to the scene immediately. The women
and children were greatly frightened and
ran for places of safety. Furthor trou
ble is not anticipated. No arrests were
made.
BOTH PARTIES CONFIDENT.
Republicans Claim New York State
by One Hundred Thousand
Plurality.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Democratic
meetings were held in five different the
aters to-night and all were well attended.
Congressman Lemuel E. Quigg, chair
man of the Republican county commit
tee, said to-night that he believed Roose
velt would have 100,000 plurality In the
State and that ho would get it above the
Harlem bridge.
"I am inclined to think, continued Mr.
Quigg, "that Greater New York will
break about even. We are going to get
a big vote down on the East Side."
HER BEQUEST GRANTED.
Kansas City Woman Dies While Call
ing on the Lord to Take
Her.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 5.— "1 am trying
to live a Christian life. I'm hom.rriick to
see Jesus. I am ready to go to-day, this
hour, this minute, if necessary. Praise
the Lord."
Scarcely had these words left the lips
of Mrs. Jennie Walker, at a religious
meeting at the Goodway Mission to-day,
when she fell back Into her seat dead.
The hall was crowded with worshipers.
After a short service people in the con
gregation arose one by one and began to
Dear testimony. Mrs. Walker had risen
to testify. In one breath she said she
was ready to go — her next breath was her
last. The woman had died of heart dis
ease.
RIDDLED WITH BULLETS.
Negro Murderer Killed and Two
Others Likely to Meet His
Fate.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Nov. 6.— Arthur
Williams, a ne~ro under arrest for the
murder of Miss Elina Ogden, confessed
last night, implicating two ouier negroes,
Buck James and Monroe Leggitt. Near
midnight the Constable and his guards
were overpowered by a mob and Williams
was riddled with bullets and a fire built
upon his body. James and Leggritt will
likely go the way of WilHams to-night.
Do not confuse William L. Fitz
gerald, Republican candidate for
City and County Attorney, with
E. L. Fitzgerald, the Democratic
nominee for Public Adminis
trator, the carpet-bagger from
Oakland, whose crooked record
has been exposed. William L.
Fitzgerald is an able lawyer and
deserves the support of all par
ties.
Nebraska Vs. Kansas.
LAWREN^'K, K;ins., Nov. 6.— Three
thousand persona witnessed the football
contest between the teams representing
the State Universities of Kansas and
Nebraska. The Nebraskans were vic
torious by a score of 18 to 6. At the end
of the first half the score was 6 to 0 in
the visitors' favor. The Nebraskans won
through the superior playing of their
backs and the clever headwork of Cap
tain Meltord, their powerful center. The
Kansans were slow and weak. They lost
Hamill. Harrison and Smith during the
game while the Nebraskans did not lose
a man. Benedict, Williams, Erwin and
Melford played the game for Nebraska,
while for Kansas Mosse and Tucker did
the best work.
Once Insulted by Bismarck.
BERLIN. Nov. 6.— Dr. Yon Ruhart, at
one time Minister of Bavaria at Berlin,
died to-day at Garmisch, Bavaria. He re
signed his post in 1880 under highly sen
sational conditions, Prince Bismarck hav
ing Insulted him at a Parliamentary
soiree at Bismarck's palace.
Stricken by Apoplexy.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Mrs. A. S. Win
slow, aged 74 years, a well-known resi
dent of Cincinnati, died suddenly at the
Gllsey House to-day of apoplexy.
THE EMPORIUM.
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE.
Sleiivßloch Suits
Beginning this Monday morning, we offer
I^^X for one week the famous make of men's
*' (r^f suits manufactured by the Stein-Bloch Co.,
y%f/ Rochester, N.Y., for Six dollars and ninety-
/^y^Vv, five cents. Every suit bears the genuine
I " >V S^\\A^ Stein-Bloch trade-mark, a fac-simile of which
V I j/y&h ls g;lwng ;1wn herewith:
1 / i \ *'" This label is favorably known to more men who wear
!// / good clothes than any other in the whole world. It's a
I I / guarantee that the garments bearing it are made of all-wool
I '■•■'•;. l/| ' fabrics ; are correctly fashioned ; are properly trimmed,
I 1 1* I and are sewed and finished in a manner equal to the best
I 'If. I ; I merchant tailor work.
V 1 / 1 I This remarkable and hitherto unheard-of offering in-
I\\ \-b^>. eludes more than 300 Stein-Bloch Fall weight suits in
==- \ : 1 1 — y£b regular sizes — extra stouts and extra longs.
Stylish Single-Breasted Sacks.
\fej More than 30 patterns.
Guaranteed all-wool fabrics.
C/7 7/tCJ lOC* O 3F^3 B^3 BBm w£E& '• '* «2fK W^Sk ; '^^Bhflr Bjaf Hfflaß *' -"•■'**'. * '
store. . ™ Oolden Rule Bazaar. ™v^ ;
REPUBLICANS WILL
HAVE SAFE PLURALITY
OVER ALL OPPOSITION
FIGURES AS TO THE NEXT
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Conservative Estimates Give the Fig
ures at 183 Republicans, 157
Democrats and 14
Populists.
Special IMapatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Nov. 6.
Tne following summary will show
the latest Republican figures on the
next House of Representatives, making
every allowance for the close districts.
The Republican total of 186 Is less than
Chairman Babcock's lowest prediction
of 192, but it gives the Republicans a
plurality of 13 over the Democrats and
Populists:
STATE.
8?
■ "o
P
m
8
c
■ ?
- :
ilabama .. • ••
Arkansas ". •••
ornia • •
!olorado - . ". •• •
Connecticut • ••
)elaware .'rtii '
'lorida
reorgla .............•••••••■•••■•
iiah. v ..;.......••.•'••••••••••••••
lllnols
lana '..." •
owa
Kansas •
Kentucky .•■•••
Louisiana •
.Inlne
lary land ■ •
laßsachusetta
llchlgan . .'. ............ ... .....'•
11 nnesota .:.............••••••••
ltsslssippl ............:.
l issouri .'•
lontana
Nebraska ■.............-•• j
Nevada v. |
Jew ; Hampshire.
few ' Jersey. • • • • • I
Jew .York... .j
forth : Carolina — ..:...:
;orth ; Dakota —
)hl»
)regon '...... :.••••."
'ennsyl vanla •
lhode= Island
iouth ■- Carolina.
;outh Dakota : . . •
'ennessee -.....;.......•••••
'exas ........•■••••
Hah .........
.'pnnbnt ..........."
'i rgrlnla rr.". .;..........'. •
Vashln^ton ..; ."....■....••
Vest Virginia. :.......;
Viseonsin ...... — .....;.......
V j'oming :..,...... ......
-.
'4
14
. 7
10
:-.5-.
2
*4
6
- 12
10
6"
.2
"2
'i •;'
6
■ 21
2
1
IS
- •• 2 '
23
;«.-:!
'2- .1
■2-"
1
*2
1 '
! "".. .
4
10
1
I
's
4
1
i
-
i
13
! 3
h
' 'i ;
"g
12
1
'9
2
! : ■.'-• ■ ••■
.'•
Totals I
IM
1"
It
The Senate will be Republican by six
or eight majority after March 4.
DRUNKEN ORGY ENDS
IN MYSTERIOUS DEATH
Young Woman Drowned in a Bath
tub in a Cincinnati
Flat.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 6.— Nannie Evers
leigh, a young woman formerly of Iron
ton Ohio, was drowned In the bath tub
In the flat of Frank H. Woodrow. In the
Alta building, this morning. A mystery
surrounds the case. The woman, in com
THE EMPORIUM.
pany with Woodrow, Boyd Wessell and
Mrs. Josie Gerrold, a widow, had spent
the night together in Woodrow's flat in a
drunken orgy. To-day none of the three
survivors could or would give an account
of Miss Eversleigh's death.
Both young men are under parole ar
rest and surveillance pending an examin
ation to ascertain the cause of the bruise
on the dead girl's temple. None of the
survivors have made any attempt to con
ceal the facts or to escape, though they
left no stone unturned to prevent pub
licity. The present opinion is that it is
a case of suicide or accidental drowning.
Woodrow, Wessell and Mrs. Gerrold are
all members of the best families in the
city. Wessell and the Eversleigh woman
had lived together under assumed names.
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code.
It will be published Tuesday
morning.
TROOPS PREPARING
TO MOVE SOUTH
Cuban Army of Occupation Will Be
gin the Preliminary Advance
This "Week.
CAMP MEADE, MIDDLETON, Pa.,
Nov. 6.— The general movement of the
Second Corps will begin with the ship
ment to Atlanta of the Thirty-fifth Mich
igan. The Two Hundred and First New
York will leave Friday for Spartansburg,
N. C. General Young is opposed to ship
ping the Second Corps south and from
there to Cuba. He went to Washington
to-day to ask Secretary Alger to retain
his command until he was ready for them
in the West Indies. The troops were
supplied with ballots and return sheets,
and will hold an election in the field
Tuesday the same as those at Camp
Meade. _ ,
I,EXTNGTON, Ky.. Nov. 6.— Private
William Kane, Company E, Third Ken
tucky, whose home is at Carlisle, Ky.,
shot and killed a woman named Maud
McClure at a house of ill repute here to
night. Kane snapped the gun in the
woman's face several times. He claimed
not to know it was loaded, but other
women in the house said he had threat
ened to kill the McClure woman.
The paymaster will arrive to-morrow
and pay off all the troops before they
leave Lexington.
Major General James H. Wilson, com
manding the First Army Corps, and his
staff, leave to-morrow for Atlanta, Ga.,
where they will establish corps head
quarters.
SHEEPMEN MURDERED
BY ONE OF HIS MEN
Frank Forrester Stab 3 Philip Brogan
in a Saloon in The
Dalles.
THE DALLES. Or., >*>v. 6.— A messen
ger from Antelope, sixty-five miles south
of The Dallea, arrived here to-day bring
ing news that Philip Brogan Sr. was mur
dered last evening by Frank Forrester,
who has been in the employ of Brogan
as a packer for his sheep camp. The men
had a dispute over -wages in a saloon, and
Forrester drew a knife and stabbed Bro
gan The latter died within five minutes.
Forrester escaped, and although a Sher
iff's posse is in pursuit he has nol been
captured. Brogan was a well-known
sheep man, and lived in The Dalles. There
is much excitement over the killing.
Volunteers Welcomed Home.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Nov. 6.— The Fourth
Ohio Volunteer Infantry, the only volun
teer regiment from thi3 State that par
ticipated in a battle in the war with
Spain, was given a royal welcome on its
THE EMPORIUM.
arrival to-day. An escort composed of the
Seventeenth United States Infantry and
a large number of civic organizations that
made an imposing procession met the
regiment at the depot and headed a pa
rade through the streets. Never has a
larger crowd of people thronged the
streets. The regiment was reviewed by
Governor Bushnell at the Capitol.
SICKENING MURDER
OF AN_OLD COUPLE
Hacked to Pieces With an Ax by an
Unknown Robber at Their Home
in Wisconsin.
TWO RIVERS, Wis., Nov. 6.— Mr. and
Mrs. John Bahls, aged 78 and 75 years re
spectively, were brutally murdered in the
village of Mishicott, about two miles
northwest of here, some time last night.
Mr. Bahls was killed in his barn and his
wife was slain in their cottage. The
faces of the victims were hacked to
pieces with an ax. Robbery is supposed
to have been the motive. Ernest Mess
man, a laborer, who worked about the
village, and who had been allowed at
times to sleep in the barn, has been ar
rested on suspicion. He asserts his inno
cence, but it is said blood stains were
found on his clothing.
KAISER AND KAISERIN
GREETED BY SYRIANS
Disembark From the Hohenzollern
for a Short Visit at Bey
rout.
BEYROUT, Syria, Nov. 6.— Emperor
William and Empress Augusta Victoria
disembarked here this afternoon from the
imperial yacht Hohenzollern and visited
the barracks, park and German deacon
esses' School, after which they returned
to the Hohenzollern.
Everywhere they received ovations from
large crowds assembled to welcome them.
Joe Jefferson 111.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Joseph Jefferson
was to have appeared in "Rip Van Win
kle" at the Fifth Avenue Theater to
morrow night, but a consultation of phy
sicians forbade him to leave his room for
at least a week. He has chronic throat
trouble, which, when a man is 72 yearsr
of age and when it is aggravated by a
severe cold, is dangerous.
Fought to a Draw.
TORONTO, Ohio, Nov. 6.— George Ker
win of Chicago and Jack Bennett of Mc-
Keesport, Pa., met last night under the
auspices of the Crescent Athletic Club In
a fifteen round go before over 2000 people.
The decision was a draw. Bennett was
clever, but was outfought by Kerwln.
Death of Dr. Sharp.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Dr. Christopher
C. Sharp, aged 77 years, a well-known
physician, is dead of pneumonia.
This is the time to show your
patriotism — stand by the Presi
dent.
THE CALL'S ELECTION SIGNALS.
Signals showing the prog
ress of election returns will
be displayed from the dome
of The Call building. The
code will be published to
morrow morning. Keep it for
reference.
56
MONDAY NOVEMBER 7, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. i.EAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE market and Third Sts.. & p.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE 6 AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding tovfns i
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
6b* cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Buildin*
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl£_» Bouse
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Alarquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until I
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market i
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-wcond ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
/.MUSE-MENTi
Baldwin— "Mistakes Will Happen."
California— "Flnnlgan's Ball."
Columbia— Kellar, the Masician.
Alcazar— "Dr. BUI."
Morocco's — "Stranglers of Paris."
Tivoli— "Girofle-Girofla." . S , . . - , .
Comedy Theater— -The Crust of Society.
Orpheum— Vaudeville. " ; . '-'. -.\\ '". ''--
Native Son** Hall— Benefit to Mr. Frank Mathieu, Wednes-
day evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets-Specialties.
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
Rosenthal — Coming in December. . -
TRADE FPIR AND FEATURELESS.
*"T~"HE condition of trade throughout the country
at large remains about the same as previously
* reported— quiet, and characterized by conserva
tism and a disinclination to overbuy or speculate on
the future. The elections have had less effect than an
ticipated, though they have exerted more or less in
fluence. The bank clearings last week were 20 per
cent heavier than for the same week in 1897, and the
failures were 183, against 223. While these figures
show a better condition of business than at this time
last year, there is no line exhibiting any especial ac
tivity, and most of them are reported quiet.
There is no lack of funds in any quarter, however.
The annual report of the Treasury Department to the
Secretary shows that the net ordinary revenues of the
Government during the past fiscal year were $405.
321,000, an increase of $57,597,000 over the preceding
year, while the expenditures were $443,368,000, an in
crease of $77,594,000. The war with Spain added
greatly to the expenditures, but in spite of this the
assets of the country were only about $55,000,000 less
on June 30 than on the corresponding date in 1897.
It will be remembered that Congress voted $50,000,000
for war expenses, so the deficiency is easily accounted
for. The statement adds that the tenders of gold to
the department by banks and individuals in exchange
for paper were more than it could accept.
The same plethora of gold has characterized na
tional trade for over a year. Business may be quiet,
but it certainly is not for the want of gold coin. The
country has more of it than it knows what to do with,
and, as previously mentioned, the banks have been
glad to lcSan it to Europe. The cause of the com
parative quietness seems due to overproduction in a
number oi staples, notably wool and cotton, and to
a slackening in the foreign demand for wheat, owing
to the more pacific political situation in the Far
East. The distributive trade of the country seems to
be jogging along about as usual, and, in fact, is re
ported even better than it has been in the South and
West, owing to more favorable weather and the lift
ing of different quarantines. Wool is showing more
activity, as holders, having discovered that they
have been deceived in regard to the extent of the
supply, have begun to sell at concessions, and the
woolen manufacturers are looking forward to an in
creased trade in consequence, and at prices which will
admit of a small profit. The iron and steel trades re
port less business than for some weeks past, though
the mills are still well supplied with orders. While
grain has been duller, statistics show a fine foreign
export movement, which, however, has been offset by
increased receipts at Western points, so prices have
not been able to improve.
In Wall street bonds have been active, while stocks
have sold at concessions. The feeling on the street
is steady enough, as the railroad earnings continue to
make a good showing, and a number of large indus
trial concerns have recently declared their usual
dividends. Still, trading has been dull as a rule.
On this coast conditions have not changed for
some time. In California the weather is now the
chief factor in the commercial situation. Rain is
needed, both on account of feed and farming opera
tions. While it is yet too early for any apprehension
regarding the coming season, it cannot be denied that
a good soaking southeast storm would brighten
things wonderfully. Still, with the exception of dried
fruit and wool, the leading staples are moving off
well. The season in dried fruit has been a disappoint
ment all around. With short crops all over the
world nobody expected a stagnant market this fall,
but such has been the case, nobody knows why. The
grain market, albeit quiet, is on a plane of prices at
which the farmer can make money, and the minor
cereal^ such as barley and oats, have advanced ma
terially during the past week. Provisions still rule
dull. Hides are quiet, but the hop-growers are sell
ing their product at profitable quotations, and the
demand has lately been good. Cattle, sheep and
hogs are steady at satisfactory prices, and, except for
the scarcity of feed, no complaints are heard from the
stock men.
Country credits have kept up well in spite of the
dry year. Collections are no slower than usual, and
there is at present no visible disposition on the part
of the city houses to contract credits. The weekly
record of failures continues very favorable, there be
ing no serfotlS defaults in this direction. Money is
plentiful at the ordinary rates of interest, and the
agricultural parts of the Stats seem to be flourishing,
despite the recent dry season.
It is not easy to see why the American army should
p-y so much deference to the wishes of Blanco. The
soldiers ought to land in Cuba irrespective of his
wishes, and if he has not sense enough to get out of
the way the result would be chiefly distressing to him
self.
A girl who swore a man to prison now asserts that
her testimony was totally false. The mildest that
Justice can <*? is to permi'. he* to change places with
the man.
PATTON AND HIS PLATFORM.
PATTON and his platform. That means for San
Francisco the right measures and the right
man a business administration on business
■ principles, carried out by business methods, straight,
i open, honest, economical, efficient— useful to the com
i muni'ty, beneficial to all classes, for the good of every
j citizen.
Charles L. Patton is not an office-seeker in the or
dinary meaning of the phrase. He accepted a nomi
• nation in response to the call of his party and of con
| servative taxpayers because he is a man of public
i spirit, of civic patriotism, ready to assume the burdens
of office when the way is clear for him to fulfill the
duties with honor to himself and with usefulness to
his fellow-citizens. He did not accept the nomination
blindly. He demanded a platform in accord with his
views of the needs of the municipality befort he would
consent to become a candidate.
He appears before the people pledged to nothing
j except the principles of his platform and fidelity to
j the responsibilities of office. He is bound to no man,
nor set of men, other than the great body of the
j people themselves. He did not obtain, he did not
| seek, the nomination by intrigue, by chicanery, by
j combinations with other office-seekers or by sub
i servience to bosses.
The record of his life attests the independence of
| his manhood and the sterling worth of his character.
: lie is one of those native sons of whom the State
has a right to be proud. His position in society, in
the legal profession and in all the circles of business
is high. He has the learning, the experience and the
energy required to master the complex duties of the
Mayoralty, and he will perform them with the integ
rity that deserves success and the ability that com
mands it.
Mayor Patton will not confuse the affairs of the
city by making mistakes of law. He will not entail
losses upon the public treasury by hefting money
which the law requires him to count. He will not
use the patronage of the office to promote his ambi
tion for re-election or for the United States Senator
ship. He will not be a dealer in jobs for the benefit
of a gang of hungry spoilsmen.
The candidacy of Mr. Patton affords the citizens
of San Francisco an opportunity to accomplish a true
reform in municipal administration. Not the reform
of mouthing hypocrites, but a genuine business re
form. He is the candidate of more than the Repub
lican party. He stands for taxpayers, for property
owners, for workingmen — for all whose interests arc
identical with the interests of the community.
Work for him to-day. Vote for him to-morrow.
Let us eleCt him by a majority that we can be
proud of.
THE MfiN FOR ASSESSOR.
JOHN D. SIEBE, Republican nominee for As
sessor, has made the campaign for re-election
upon the record of his past services. To the
bitter attacks made upon him, and to the many mis-
representations of his opponents, he has made no vin
dictive reply. His works speak for him. He has
served the people eight years in the office of Asses
sor, and that service is all the vindication he needs
from such charges as his opponents have put for
ward.
The excellence of Mr. Siebe's official career is
proven by the fact that his opponents have had to
' resort to the most elaborate misrepresentations in
i order to form even the semblance of an argument
against his re-election. Four years ago, at the con
\ elusion of his first term of office, even the Examiner
conceded that his assessments had been fair, and his
administration honest and efficient. This year, at the
close of his second term, his work has won the ap
! proval not only of Republicans, but of the Non
* Partisans and the Populists, and he has the indorse
i ment of the conventions of those parties for re
| election.
The canvass made by Mr. Siebe and his friends has
been straightforward, manly and clean. He does not
seek re-election by aspersing the character of his
opponents, but upon his own merits as an official who
has done his duty in office and served the people
faithfully and well. The taxpayers know Mr. Siebe,
and out of that knowledge they have given him the
popular title of "Honest John Siebe." It is a title of
honor, for it has been honorably earned by stanch in
tegrity in all the relations of life. That fact is now
well understood, and all voters who desire an honest
and impartial Assessor, one who has been tried and
found true, will vote for John D. Siebe.
fl GOOD LOCOL GOVERNMENT.
ONE of the gratifying features of this campaign
has been the earnest attention given to the
local issue of good municipal government. It
has been the rule that Congressional and State elec
tions have caused voters to overlook city affairs to
a great extent in past contests, and, accordingly, weak
or vicious men have been chosen to city and county
offices simply because the people were more or less
indifferent to the comparative merits of candidates.
It has not been so this year. The local campaign
has been conducted as systematically and as zealously
as that for State offices or for members of Congress.
Every point involved has been thoroughly discussed,
the personal and political deserts of aspirants for
office weighed and considered, and the people will go
to the polls to-morrow well informed of every issue,
whether of men or of measures, on which they will
have to vote.
It is not due to chance that this public interest in
the municipal campaign has come about. The events
of the Phelan administration have been of a nature
that compel the attention of citizens. The Mayor
entered office under the fairest auspices. A large body
of independent citizens, representing industrial and
property interests, voted for him and expected great
things of him. To these men his career has been one
of bitter disappointment. Instead of giving the city
an honest administration he has used all its patron
age to further his political ambitions, and has been
more unscrupulous and more domineering than any
other official or boss in our political history.
Mayor Phelan was largely responsible for the elec
tion of the majority of the Board of Supervisors, and
that majority has been thoroughly corrupt. He was
responsible for the election of the majority of the
Board of Education, and the board has given rise to
scandals involving frauds of almost all kinds from
something like petty larceny to something like whole
sale plunder.
The renomination of this incompetent Mayor and
unscrupulous boss roused the citizens to a sense of
their duty to the city. It was felt that a strong man
would be needed to defeat Phelan, intrenched as he
is in power, possessed of large wealth and surrounded
by a band of intense partisans whose political ambi
tions are bound up with his own, and for a time many
people believed he could not be beaten at all.
The nomination of Charles L. Patton had the effect
of rousing the hopes and energies of the taxpayers
and of all citizens who desire good government. His
candidacy aroused enthusiasm at the start. From the
day of his nomination popular interest in the local
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1898.
canvass has been as keen as that in the State against
Maguire and the single tax. For once it may be said
our people have given heed to their home affairs,
and the outcome is no longer doubtful.
It must be borne in mind, however, by every voter
that to assure a good local government Mayor Pat
ton should have the support of a Republican Board
of Supervisors and a Republican Board of Education.
The overthrow of the Phelanites should be made com
plete. When we eliminate Phelan from our politics
let us eliminate along with him all the gang of job
chasers whom he has brought to the front and put
forward as candidates for office.
BY the votes to be cast to-morrow California will
declare her attitude toward the politics of the
day and the destiny of the nation. She will be
counted for McKinley or for Bryan; for the prin
ciples of protection, sound money and conservative
govenment; or for free trade, a debased currency
and the rule of the discontented, the improvident and
the lawless.
The distinction between constitutional government,
stability and prosperity, as represented by the Repub
lican party, and that formless mass of anarchy and
folly represented by the fusion of the extremists
among Democrats and Populists, has been so clearly
drawn during the canvass that no observing man can
overlook it, no good one ignore it. So wide and
deep is the difference between the two that the con
test is not so much a discussion between political par
ties as a struggle on the part of certain violent and
more or less vicious elements in the community to
overthrow the established order of society and gov
ernment and to reconstruct everything by wholesale
confiscations of property and the destruction, of
vested rights.
Throughout the nation it is everywhere recognized
that the chief issue of the campaign is that of sus
taining the President. The people are to determine
by their ballots whether Congress will uphold* the
administration in dealing with our foreign relations
and in settling the currency problem, or whether
there shall be at Washington a Congress to oppose
the President, hamper him and thwart him.
Were there no other issue in this State than that
which is presented to the nation at large, California
should go Republican. We have, however, a local
issue which renders a Republican victory doubly
necessary to the welfare and the dignity of the com
monwealth. The contest forced upon California by
the nomination of Maguire is more menacing than
that which has been carried on in this campaign in
any other State in the Union. We have here not only
the incentive of patriotism to sustain the administra
tion, but the dire danger of single tax, industrial dis
turbance and anarchy if we vote the other way.
The issues have been fully presented the voters,
the canvass is completed and the campaign is over.
There remains only the duty of rousing the indiffer
ent among the people to a sense of their responsi
bility to the city, to the State and to the nation. This
work should be undertaken by every public-spirited
citizen. There should be a full vote to-morrow, and
to-day each man should speak to his neighbor and
remind him of his duty to vote right.
ONCE more the Phelanitcs in their desperation
have resorted to a bugaboo for the purpose of
frightening citizens into voting their ticket.
The Examiner of yesterday in screaming typo de
clared: "The new charter is in danger. It is again
attacked by its same old enemies. They are not this
time fighting boldly, brazenly and in the open, but
they are fighting just the same — secretly, poisonously,
malignantly."
All of that wild scream is the kind of barbaric
yaup known as a false alarm. The new charter is not
in danger, unless, indeed, the Phelanites sell it out for
votes. All Republican candidates for the Legislature
are pledged to vote for its ratification by that body
this winter. The Republican candidate for Mayor,
Charles L. Patton, is one of the truest and firmest
of its supporters.
In his speech at the closing Republican rally of the
campaign on Saturday evening Mr. Patton, in speak
ing of the Republican platform, which pledges legisla
tive candidates to support the charter, said:
"I am in sympathy with every plank in the
platform, and I pledge myself to support it. I
believe in the new charter, which the Republican
platform favors. No man and no party of men
dare say us nay. It will become the organic
law of this city, and I ask you to see to it that-
Henry T. Ga^e is the man who will sign it as
Governor."
With such an illustration of what the Phelanites
and the Examiner are willing to do in the way of
raising false issues to deceive the people, there is no
telling what they may attempt this morning. All
voters should be on their guard. The desperate fac
tions of Maguire and Phelan are very sure to resort
to some trick to fool or frighten the unwary, and al
most anything in the way of a false alarm, a roor
back or a bold, audacious lie, may be looked for.
Several papers have offered 'condolences to the
Nebraska girl who was deserted at the altar because
her breath was tainted with the fumes of a cigarette.
It is not pit}' she needs. Let the sympathizing edi
tors send her congratulations and a package of cigar
ettes.
Georgia boasts that a recent murder trial there, the
prisoner a negro, consumed only an hour and forty
three minutes. This is really more time than is usually
needed there, the ordinary delay being only such as
necessary to find a tree with a convenient limb.
A German editor has been sentenced to six months
in jail for a lack of reverence toward the Kaiser. The
increased circulation of his paper is hardly a com
pensation. He has a desire to circulate himself.
America's demands surprise the Spanish, although
why they should is not clear. Had the Spanish been
victors they would have had something to say con
cerning the terms of surrender.
While the city will pay for the incineration of or
dinary garbage, the circulation of the Examiner by
way of the crematory chimney will still be an item of
expense to that paper.
Some of the Spanish news coming by way of Ha
vana would be disquieting did anybody take the
trouble to believe it. The same is true of Cuban
news coming by way of Madrid.
Spain seems to have a greater regard for the Philip
pines than would have been suspected by the , way. in
„ which she treated them when ; her possession was un
disputed. V , , i.
, Widber got off as cheaply as he could reasonably
have hoped. When a man is caught in the act of
; stealing, the fewer excuses he has to offer the ; better
for him. ■ J, T _T. -+ ..,-_ ,j~^ I
THE ISSUES BEFORE US.
A FOLSE (3L£RM.
AROUND THE V
CORRIDORS
A. N. Butts, a mining man of Angels,
ia at the Occidental.
Fred Conn, a capitalist of Biff Pine, Is
stopping at the Rifss.
A. Bernheim, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
J. Marion Brooks, a lawyer of Los An
geles, is a guest at the Grand.
E. S. Mainhart, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is stopping at the Urand.
Robert B. Canfield, ex-Superior Judge
of Santa Barbara, is at the Palace.
A. N. Felix, a well known jeweler of
New York City, is a guest at the Lick.
Mortimer F. Taylor, the well known
attorney, of Denver, arrived from Denver
and is at the Palace.
R. R. Lowe, Mrs. Ash and T. H. Mallory
arrived from Dawson yesterday and are
stopping at the Grand.
Dr. Simmons of Sacramento, accom
panied by his wife and children, is a
guest at the Occidental.
P. Hirschfleld. a merchant of San Jos?,
accompanied by his wife, registered- at the
Lick yesterday and will remain in town
a few days.
C. A. Williams, accompanied by Morti
mer F. Taylor, an attorney, arrived in
this city from the East yesterday. He is
now at the Palace.
S. Woolner Jr., one of the owners of the
great Peoria distillery, and wife are
spending their honeymoon in this city.
They are at the Palace.
P. F. Morey, president of the Portland
Electric Light Company, and H. W.
Goode, president of the Bank of British
Columbia, are at the Palaces
QUITE IMPOSSIBLE.
The Little Giant wavers,
And his bass profundus quavers.
As he works himself Into a. puerile rags;
And In attitudes gymnastic.
Gives the voters doses drastic.
About hlmseir and throwing down the gage.
But his single tax oration
Causes little perturbation,
'Mongst the gallant cohorts of the G. O. P.;
For, despite his awful thunder,
He will have to stand from under:
There's a Gage he can't throw down— that's
Henry T.! — C. F. D.
It is time for California to take
her place among the solidly Re
publican Slates. Let's make
this victory a clean sweep.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The torpedo boat destroyer Fawn, the
seventh boat of that class built by
Palmer's at Jarrow-on-Tyne, had her trial
on October 14. She 'developed a horse
power of er.^l ami a speed of 30.462 knots,
notwithstanding a heavy sea and high
wind. The contract calied for 6000 horse
power and thirty knots.
Bulgaria is now in the list of naval
powers, a torpedo gunboat named Nadio
ia. of "r.O tons, has just been launched at
Bordeaux, and two armored gunboats arp
building at Leghorn. The rest of the navy
consists of eleven small steamers and the
operations of the Bulgarian navy are al
most entirely confined to service on the
Danube.
The Armstrong Company at Elswlek
had on July last 1015 naval Runs of vari
ous CallbWi under constriiction. The firm
had daring the year then ending fur
nished the nrir.ament for thirteen war
ships built at that yard, besides wholly
or partly equipping with guns sixteen v<.s
hp!s built fct Other yards. Eight ships
were computed and seven wero launched
ranging from KOO to 12.500 ton?.
The Pedro d'Aracon. building at Se.«tri
Ponente, Italy, for the Spanish navy has
never been paid for by Spain, and the
phi;) has been Fold by the builders to the
Argentine republic. The vessel is a dupli
cate of the ill-fated Cristobal Colon, run
ashore and surrendered July 3 last off
Santiago to the American squadron. The
Argentine republic has now three sister
ship;; of this very desirable type of ar
mored cruisers.
< advertisements recently appeared in
London and provincial papers in England.
They ran thus: "Wanted— First-class time
expired gunners for service abroad."
After diligent inquiry it was learned that
it was China who desired the services of
practical - gunners and high wages were
offered for the shipment of three years,
together with free passage ;to and from
China. They were wanted for the cruis
ers building in European yards, and the
men who responded to the advertisements
were told they would have sole charge
of gunnery batteries and were expected
to bring the natives up to a state of effi
ciency equal to that of European soldiers
and sailors. "When the British Admiralty
learned of these tempting offers to its
marines and sailors the police were In
structed to prevent men leaving for China
under, such agreement with the Govern
ment, and each man of the reserves, mili
tary and naval, received a note of warning
against breaking 1 their oath of allegiance
to her Majesty the Queen. : '
Some doubt of the practical utility of
high speed torpedo boat destroyers !s ex
pressed by the British journals. Atten
tion is called to the fact that the Griffon,
when accepted, had averaged over thirty
knotß during three hours and developed
6000 horsepower, but when the boat was
placed in commission and underwent the
customary trial the horsepower reached
only 5500 and the speed only twenty-four
knots. Later on the engineers managed
to get up 5970 horsepower and a speed of
twenty-six and a half knots. The ex
planation offered for the discrepancy be
tween thirty and twenty-six and a half
knots Is that the boat, when ready for
sea, was drawing one foot of water more
than when she passed through her ac
ceptance, trial. The excuse offered is a
very good one, but as all the thirty knot
boats have been run on a light displace
ment the same difficulty of increased
draught and weight operates against
them reaching the credited high speeds
under service conditions, and the alleged
thirty knot boat becomes a twenty-four
or twenty-five knot craft in actual prac
tice.
HIS) DELICIOUS NERVE.
As the young man entered the old man
looked up and scowled.
"Well?" said the old man. shortly.
"Your daughter," began the young man,
but the old man cut him off abruptly.
"I've noticed that you've been hanging
around here a good deal," he said. "I
suppose that you've come to tell me that
you love her?"
"No " replied the young man calmly.
"I've come to tell you that she loves me
and wants to marry me."
"What?" roared tne old man.
"She says so herself," persisted the
J °^ n never heard of such an exhibition of
egotistical impertinence, ' said the old
man.
"Then you misunderstand me, ex
plained me young man. "My assertion Is
dictated by policy and not by imperU
nence. You see, it's Just this way: What
I want is nothing to you; now, is it?"
"Why— er— not exactly."
"I might want a thousand pounds, but
that wouldn't matter to you, would it?"
"Certainly not."
"You're under no obligations to supply
me with what I want, are you?"
"Hardly."
"Then what a foolish proposition It
would be for me to come to you and say:
'Mr. Parkinson, I have been very favor
ably impressed with your house and fur
niture,' or 'I think I'd like your daugh
ter,' or anything else in that line. But
when your daughter wants anything it's
different. Now. isn't it different?"
"It certainly is different," admitted the
old man cautiously.
"Precisely," said the young man. "She
and I figured that all out very carefully
last night. You see, I have got no par
ticular prospects, and we could both see
that there wasn't one chance in a hun
dred that you would give her to me. Then
she suggested that you had never yet re
fused anything that she wanted, no mat
ter what the cost might be, and that per
haps it would be a? good plan to change
: the usual order somewhat. We sort of
felt that It wouldn't be right to ask you
to do anything for me, but It's different
in her case, as I remarked before, bo
I'm here merely as her agent to say that
she wants me, and that she wants me
very much, and to ask you to please see
that she gets me. She never has wanted
anything so much as she wants me, and 1
am so favorably disposed toward her that
if you care to make the investment, I
shall be quite willing to leave the terms
entirely to you and ner."
Naturally she got him. No wideawake
business man is going to overlook a
chance to get such a fine sample of nerve
in the family.— Tld-Bits.
ONCE EUGENIE'S HOME.
At one «time it seemed probable that
Camden Mouse, Chislehurst, and the
ground surrounding it would fall into the
munis of the builders; but another and a
more satisfactory fate awaits it. A syn
dicate has been formed and £83,000 raised
to purchase the mansion and the seventy
acres of land in which it stands. Hence
forth, as has been the case for some
time, the grounds will be used as golf
links, and the building Itself Is to serve
as a clubhouse. The residence takes its
name from the fact that for some time
William Camden, author of the famous
"Britannia," in whose honor the Camden
Society was founded sixty years ago, lived
hero, and here died in 1623. So far as
I am aware, Camden was not a devotee
of the royal and ancient game of golf,
although for some years before he died
the Blackheath Club was in existence.
However this may be, it is probable that,
could the father of English antiquaries
be consulted, he would prefer the meta
morphosis which is now . to be carried
out to the demolition of his old dwelling.
In the early years of this century Mr. and
Mrs. Thomson Bonnar were murdered by
one of their men-servants in Camden
House, a painful circumstance alluded to
in the "Personal Recollections of Mary
Somerville." The house is also associated
with sad incidents in the history of the
Bonaparte family. After his release
from German captivity. Napoleon 111 and
the Empress Eugenic retired to this place
of exile, and it was here, on January 9,
1873, that the Emperor died. When on
the Wednesday following he was burled
in the little Roman Catholic chapel of St.
Mary, which lies on the south edge of the
common, the Prince Imperial, as chief
mourner, followed immediately after the
hearse. Six years later the body of this
Prince, killed, as all will remember, in
Zululand while serving as a volunteer on
a reconnoitering expedition, was borne
from Camden House to be laid In a re
cess in the opposite side of the church to
the remains of his father, Napoleon 111.
Soon afterward the Empress removed
from Chislehurst.— Glasgow Herald.
THE BOMANCE OF A BDTG.
At the close of the battle of the Tcher
naya I was riding from the bridge toward
our camp when a zouave offered me a
huge gold signet ring which he had taken
off the finger of a Russian officer. I need
not mention how he had obtained it, but
I bought it as a memento of the day. It
bore a massive shield with a coat of arms
and a coronet with the letter "Z." I
wore It occasionally on my forefinger as
a signet ring, and the likeness of it is
to be seen in an engraving from a pnoto
graph which adorns one of my books.
Whet) 1 attended the coronation of the
Czar in 1556 Count , adjoint of the
Minister of Finland, to whom I told the
story of the ring, took an impression of
the seal and discovered that the ring
belonged to a colonel whose widow, an
English lady who had been a Misa Hope
of the Commandery of Worcester, was
then living at her country seat some dis
tance from Moscow. I sent the lady the
ring with a few lines to say how fortunate
I esteemed myself to be the means of
restoring her a souvenir of her gallant
husband. Before I left Moscow my fair
countrywoman brought me the ring, and
with many thanks asked me to keep what
was painfully associated with the mem
ory of one whom she could never forget.
1 was not destined to keep it long.
The following year I was on my way
to Sir Colin Campbell's camp, and while
the Nubia was coaling at Aden, Mr. Stew
art Mulrhead of the Seventh Hussars
and I were lodged in a sort of cave for
the night. It was intensely hot, and my
companion, who was a confirmed sybarite,
hired a Somali Arab to fan him to keep
the mosquitoes away while he slept. I
reposed on an adjoining couch, and when
I w.ke in the morning the ring which
I wore on my finger was gone. The hotel
v.a.s turned insiae out, the police were
summoned, all the Somali boys in Aden
were driven like a flock of sheep into
the yard, where their wool was closely
searched and their scanty clothing min
nutely examined; but though I offered
egregious ransom, the P. and O. Isubla
sailed that day with me for Calcutta,
disconsolate and ringless!— William How
ard Russell in The Spectator.
AN AMUSING BUBGLAR.
The Parisian correspondent of the Lon
don Standard says a clever and daring
burglar gave considerable amusement the
other evening to a crowd of several thou
sand persons assembled on the Place de
la Bastile, who were attracted uy the
spectacle of a large number of policemen
exploring the roofs of a block of houses
In the square. The Standard correspond
»ut States that on returning home at 6
o'clock in the evening Lieutenant Metay
er of the Republican Guard, discovered a
burglar in his apartment at 6 Place de la
Bastile. The man was rummaging among
the furniture for valuables, 'lhe lieuten
ant of K<'»<larmeF. n ot caring to tackle a
burglar alone,, sent the house porter for
the police.
After the lapse of ten minutes several
officers appeared, and, with Lieutenant
Metayer, they ascended to hisjapartment,
which had been ransacked. The burglar
had taken to the roof, and he was followed
during two hours to the great entertain
ment of the crowd below. They explored
every chimney stack and every nook of
the roof of the buildings without discov
ering the thief. At length a policeman,
who had entered a lodging house by a
window, discovered the tattered clothes
of the burglar in a room on the top floor,
but no other trace of the owner.
It would appear that the man, with
great self-possession, had taken off his
ragged clothes and put on a quite new
suit belonging to one of the lodgers. Thus
dressed he had descended the front stair
case, and bowing to the lodging house
keeper at the door, mingled with the
crowd outside to watch the police on the
roof. He is still at large.
A CRITICISM OF WORDSWORTH.
He pours Into his personages the strong
life and moving breath of genius; but
they have little of the air of the mart or
the'farmyard. They have, Indeed, all that
which Is so complf-tely wanting In the
heroes of Lord Byron, the absolute truth
of being, the nature which Is so uniform
under so many varieties: they are made
up of the elements of universal but want
the accidents of social humanity. Words
worth appears to take no pleasure in
watching the entangled threads of pas
sion which bind together crowds with
such many colored, yet scarcely distin
guishable feelings. He retires from the
conflict of mingled and heterogeneous in
terests. He loves to muse by winding
rivers; but the tumultuous current of
men's ordinary motives has little for his
contemplation. He delights to gaze unon
cities; but it is when "all that mighty
heart is lying still."
He diffuses his affections over every
thing around him, and lets them be re
stricted by no arbitrary limits and con
fined within no sectarian lnclosures. He
looks around upon the world and upon
man with eyes of serene rejoicing, and
traces all the workings of -that spirit of
good of whose Influence he is conscious in
his own heart. Out of his want of that
mastery over forms which was never pos
sessed so perfectly by any one as by
Shakespeare, he cannot make so intelligi
ble to all men as he otherwise might the
depth and value of his own feelings. Like
those angela who are made a name of
flre, he burns with a cairn and holy light,
and the radiance which shows so strange
amid the contrasted glare and blackness
of the present will blend with the dawn
ing of a better time as with its native
substance.— F. D. Maurice in the Ath
enaeum of IS2B.
MOUNT WASHINGTON SLIDE
BOARDS.
The slideboards used by the workmen
on the Mount Washington -Railway are
always of great interest to Visitors. They
originated in necessity and are used by
the workmen to make the descent of the
mountain after the close of each day's
work. The best riders have been known
to go from the summit to the base, three
miles, in three minutes. About 1 o'clock
each day one of the workmen makes the
descent to examine the track, and see that
it is in good condition— always preceding
the downward train.
The board is constructed so as to fit
the top of the cog rail. It has two guid
ing arms, one on each side. A piece of
iron projects from these arms to a point
underneath the rail, which slightly pro
jects from the timber on which It rests.
By pulling up on the handles, or arms,
the speed of the slideboard can be check-
Ed and thus prevent it and its rider from
flying off into space, as it speeds at a fear
ful rate downward to the bottom of the
mountain. No one except th, workmen
is permitted to use them, as it requires
experience to manage them without OMK
gerto the rider. Many years ago. not long
after the road was constructed, an exper
ienced person connected with the signal
station, while making a descent, ran into
a descending train and was instantly
The workmen come up with their slide
boards from the- base in the morning, on
the first train, and they are left at dif
ferent points along the road, where tney
are engaged in making repairs on tne
track. At night, at the close of work,
they get on their boards and slide to tne
base station, and they can be u.=mani>
seen by those on the last train for the
summit. As they come dashing down tne
track at a fearful speed it would seem
impossible to stop them, but that is eas
ily done by applying the brakes, though it
would be dangerous for an inexperienced
person to attempt to manage them.—
Among the Clouds.
THE TEMPLES OF SIVA.
The shape of the temples of Siva, the
destroyer, does not differ from those or
the other Indian gods. The chief entrance
into the great temple, says a writer in the
Architect, is by a high, massive pyramid,
the top of which has generally the form
of a crescent. It Invariably faces tne
east. ■ Beyond the ■ gate there is a large
court, at "the further extremity of which
another ■ gate leads - through a pyramid
of less height but of the same form. A
small yard separates it = from the temp
of the idol. In the middle of it there is
either a huge bull or a linga carved in
stone, raised on a pedestal or put under
a canopy supported by four pillars, ■ . *■ ">■
door is. the only passage for light and air.
there being no windows. A lamp, which
burns night and day, gives a tolerable
light. The interior of the building is gen
erally divided : into two parts sometimes
into three, the first of wuich is the > most
spacious, and is . destined to recei> c the
people; the second, or the adytum, -in
which the idol resides, is much smaller
it? This part is often built in «£ «nape or
fesa'-jas t"n"nSs,".ftsa%yoi
Mali Gazette^ _ WBBi
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TTraST CABLE CAR— A. B. C. City.
on the Ist of August, 1873.
MONTEREY AND MONADNOCK-A.
B C City The Monterey sailed from
San Francisco for Manila on the 7th of
T,,nP IS9B The Monadnock sailed from
the same pbrt for the same point on the
23d of June. _______
RUDYARD KIPLING-N. N.. City.
Rudyard Kipling, the- author was born
in Bombay. India, in 1865. His father
John Lockwood Kipling. « formerly of
V h oung^[p e iln 88 g ChO w°i, - OieSW^£&
where he was educated. : ,
WAGON TO REDDING— W. M., Oak
land, Cal. The most fusible way to
reach Redding. Shasta County, from Oak
land by wagon is to start by boat from
San Francifeo, for Stockton, thence by
the county road to Sacramento and from
thereby the county roads to the point of
destination. ,
MONET MARKET— F. 8., San Rafael,
Cal London Is the leading money market
of the world. Frankfort on the Main for
a long time held second place, but it lost
much by the removal of a great part of
the business to Berlin. At this time New
York stands second and with nrosperts of
becoming the leading market as to
money.
NOT A COIN— W. T. 8.. City. The
piece of metal of which you furnish a
pencil proof and inscription Is of English
make, but is not a coin, for there !s none
such described in the history of English
coinage. It is probably a medal issued
about the time of James the First. Ir
you will forward a self-addressed and
stamped envelope, this department will
furnish the address of a stamp and medal
collector.
THE UNION JACK- A. O. S.. City:
The Union Jack is the national emblem of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland, formed by the union of the
cross of St. George (red on a white
ground), the diagonal cross or saltier of
St. Andrew (white on a blue ground) and
the diagonal cross or saltier of St. Pat
rick (red on a white ground.) The term
Union Jack is also applied to a small flag
containing only the union, without the
fly and usually hoisted at the bowsprit.
For instance, the blue flag, with the white
stars representing the States of the Union,
which is seen at the bowsprit of Ameri
can ships, is called the Union JacK.
MISS AND MRS.— M. E.. City. Miss la
a title prefixed to the name of any un
married woman or girl. Mrs. Is an ab
breviation of mistress or missis. Mis
tress, written in the abbreviated form of
Mrs., is applied chiefly and specifically to a
married woman. When a court grants
a woman a divorce and allows her the
privilege of resuming: her maiden name, it
does not give her a legal right to adopt
the prefix Miss or Mrs. The law does not
recognize either Mistress (Mrs.) or aibe,
but simply recognizes a woman by her
given and family name. For instance,
fn the case of a woman whose family
name is Johnson and whose given name
is Mary and not married, the law would
recognize her as Mary Johnson. If she
should marry John William Jones, the
law would recognize her as Mary Jone»,
and not as Mrs. John William Jones.
SAN FRANCISCO AND MANILA— J.
R. A., Berryessa, Santa Clara County,
Cal. San Francisco is in latitude 37 de
grees 47 minutes north, and 122 degrees 23
minutes longitude west. Manila, P. 1., is
in latitude 14 degrees 35 minutes north,
and 120 degrees 57 minutes east longitude.
These are the figures furnished by th«
hydrographlc office. San Francisco is In
the western hemisphere and Manila in
the eastern. The Balling course from San
Francisco to Manila is, generally speak
ing, west by south, so that in general
maritime terms Manila is west by south
of San Francisco. Looking north every
thing that is on the left is west though
it may be In the eastern hemisphere, and
everything on the right is east, that is
from a sailor's standpoint. Geographic
ally draw an imaginary perpendicular
line through the earth, commencing at
San Francisco, and you \rlll find when the
lower end reaches the eastern hemis
phere, that Manila is east and south of
that line. _
Beware of roorbacks and scur
rilous stories started by the
fused factions, who are now des
perate. Vote the straight Re
publican ticket and you will vote
right. ___-_-___
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ ■
Some characters are like some bodies
in chemistry; very good perhaps in
themselves, yet fly off and refuse the
least conjunction with each other.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car la nicely upholstered la leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Paclflo Rail
way. The scenic Una of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler. general agent, C3S Market St.,
Ban Francisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flrtv years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the chlldi soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arlslnK from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
; HOTEL , DEL • CORONADO— Take advantage
; of : the ; round-trip •' tickets.:- Now only : $60 :by
; steamship, including > fifteen days' board at
■■ hotel; ; longer stay ; $2 60 per day.' ': Apply at '
; 4 ; New ; Montgomery ; street. San Francisco.
;-,■'■. ■■'•-■.■; .■;::— — »' " "■"»■''• "" ' •"^,- : .- - . ." .. .
! ,; ACKER'S ; E..NUL.ISH nKMEDT -WILL STOP '
I a cough at any time.*, and. will cure th« worst
I cold ■in ■ twelve . hours • or , money refunded. 2s
j Percentage Pharmacy.
. -■ , ■ ■"*" . ' " ' " " ■. ul '" ' "**"*NEARLY FATAL
FIGHT ON THE
SHIP PELEUS
Boatswain Stabs Two
Sailors.
THE ITALIAN CRUISER ETNA
■ ~ i
HAS ARRIVED HERE FROM CEN- I
TRAL AMERICAN PORTS.
. !
Will Probably Go on the Mare Island j
Dry dock and Then Return - >•'-■ j
Home Via Japan and :,
China.
It was very lively on the water front
yesterday. A number of whalers arrived
from the Arctic, the transport City of Pu
ebla got away for Manila, there was al
most a murder on the British ship Peleus,
en Italian man-of-war got in from Cen
tral America and an attempt was made to
take the wrecked river steamer J. D.
Peters to Hunters Point drydock.
Charles Wilson, boatswain of the Peleus,
was responsible for all the trouble on that
vessel and he is in consequence locked up
in the Harbor Police Station with a
charge of "assault to murder" against
him. Chief Officer M. Andreus of the
Peleus tells the story of the trouble as
follows. /
The men had all been ashore Saturday
r.ight and some of them had sore heads
this morning. They had washed down the
decks in a slipshod manner, but as it
was Sunday 1 excused them. Shortly af
ter this the boatswain, Charles Wilson,
came aboard the worse for liquor. He
at once noticed that the decks were not
properly washed and ordered the men to
uo the job over again. L Interfered and
pent the boatswain to his room and or
dered the men forward.
"The boatswain went to his room, but
while my back was turned he came out
again and went up on the bridge. John
aii-Intosh, an A. li., was there, and the j
two men began quarreling. I started for- I
ward to separate them, but before I got
there Michael Scott, another A. 8., rushed
to Mclntosh's assistance, and the entire
crew followed him. A general scuffle fol
lowed, but I didn't know a knife was
being used until Mclntosh cried out 'I'm
stabbed,' and fell to ttie deck. 'My God
he's done me up, too,' cried Scott, and
he also fell to the deck. I then got the
men separated and AVilpon went to his
room, while some one sent lor the am
bulance."
At the Harbor Receiving Hospital Dr.
Zabala found that Mclntosh had three
Bevere wounds -fTi the stomach, through
which the Intestines were protruding, and
two in the left breast. After he had been
fixed up as comfortably as possible Cap
tain Dunleavy took his 'ante-mortem state
ment. Later in the day, however. Ale-
Intosh rallied considerably and he now
has a slight chance for his* life.
Scott wus stabbed twice in the hip and
once in the breast. His wounds are not i
dangerous. Officers Ellis and Shaw ar- i
rested Wilson. Behind his bunk they !
found the large sheath knife with which
h<? had done the stabbing, while in his
coat pocket was found a pocket knife
with the large blade open. He asserts that
he acted in self-defense, as no other
course was open to him when the crew
rose against him.
The Italian protected cruiser Etna ar
rived from Acapulco yesterday. She has
been outside for nearly a fortnight, as the
captain of the Mail Company's Acapulco
saw her when he was coming here from
Panama. The &tna is on a cruise around
the world, and has been in the Pacific for
over six months. In June last she was in
South American waters and has been
gradually working her way north.
Pilot Scott of the Gracie 8 brought the
cruißer into port. As she passed up the
bay the stars and stripes were run up at
tha fore and a national salute was fired
Shortly afterward the Italian flag was
run up at Alcatraz and a return salute
was fired from the fort. Later in the day
the Italian Consul. Chevalier Carlo F\
Verra. went on board and the usual sa
lute was fired for him.
It is about two years since an Italian
warship was in the bay. The Etna is a
flrst-class cruiser and was built in I«SS.
Her displacement is 3470 tons and her reg
istered horsepower 6018. with which she
can average fifteen knots an hour. Her
length is 283.5 feet, breadth 43.5 feet and
depth 19.2 feet. She 'carries two 10-inch
25-ton guns, six 6-inch breech-loaders,
live 6-pounders and ten magazine guns.
She carries 20 officers and 320 of a crew.
The chances are that the Etna will go
on the drydock here and will then pro
ceed home by way of Japan and China.
The whaling bark Alice Knowles, steam j
whalers Balaena and Belvedere arrived j
from the Arctic yesterday. The Knowles
only brought in COO barrels of sperm oil, '
•while the Ualaena brought in 4R.000 pounds •
of whalebone and SOO barrels of oil. The I
Belvedere took six whales, but only a !
portion of the same came in on her, the |
other part having been sent down before- ■
hand.
The bark Mermaid that has been work- '<
ing her way here from Kotzebue .Sound i
for thirty-nine days arrived in port at
last. The gold hunters got cold feet as i
soon as they reached Kotzebue and then '
began quarreling among themselves. Cap- j
tain Weeks left them and came down on \
another vessel. Captain Robinson brought
the vessel into port.
San Francisco cannota nnot afford to
be represented in Congress by
such a man as Barry. Good citi
zens of all parties in the Fourth
District will vote for Julius
Kahn.
A RIGGER'S RICHES.
$30,000 for — Whole of First Capi
;;.V~\ tal Prize. -
United States of America, fitate of New York.
County of Kings, Borough of Brooklyn: On
this 26th day of September, In the year of our
Lord eighteen hundred and ninety-eight, before
me, Charles H. Bulkley, a duly commissioned
notary public, residing at 345 Adelphl street,
In the borough, county and State ■ aforesaid,
personally appeared Henry Brown,. residing at
115 Fourth avenue. In the borough, county and
State aforesaid, by . occupation a rigger, • who
hereby solemnly deposes that he la the bona
fide owner and holder of one whole ticket. No.
10,183, of the Honduras National Lottery, drawn
September 10, 1898, which number won the
capital prize of JJO.OOO at drawing • held at
I'uerto Cortez, Honduras, September 10. 1598.
HENRY BROWN.
Witness: WM. C. SAHL, 676 Fifth avenue.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 26th
flay of September, I*9B.
CHAS. H. BULKLKY, Notary Public. •
CERTIFICATE OF CLERK OF KINGS
COUNTY, NEW YORK.
State of New York, County of , Klnsrs: , I,
William P. Wue«V Clerk of the County of
Kings and Clerk of the Supreme Court of the
Stato of New York In and for said county (bald
court bfilng: a court of record),- do hereby cer
tify that Mr. Charles H. Bulkley, before whom
the annexed depOßltion was iaken, was. at the
time of taking tfcs same, a notary public in
and for said county, dwelling In said county,
commissioned and sworn and duly authorized
to Hdminlf-ter oaths for general purposes, and
further, that I am well acquainted with the
nandwrlting of such notary, and verily believe
the signature to said deposition Is genuine. t -»
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
band and affixed the seal of Jsald county and
court this 26th day of September, 1898.
WILLIAM P. WUEST, Clerk.
"■ « ♦ «
FIRE-FIGHTERS' RETTNION.
A. Picnic cf Those Who Ban With the
Old Machine.
The Veteran Volunteer i^iremen of this
city had thoir eleventh annual picnic
and family reunion yesterday at Shell
Mound Park. As a rule these events are
held earlier in the year, but despite the
lateness of the season the old fire fighters
and their friends had a very pleasant
time.
Early in the afternoon the people gath
on the amphi-theater, where there
rera races for people of all weights and
physical conditions. Over two dozen
merchandise prizes were given to the
sinners, but there was none more proud
it his success In sprinting arouna the ,
GETTING READY FOR A START.
Attempt Made to Tow the J. D. Peters From Sausalito to the
Hunters Point Drydoek.
THE river steamer J. D. Peters, that was wrecked in a collision with the collier Czarinia last week and was after
ward beached in Richardsons Bay, Is still on the mud fiats. The tugs Rescue and Sea Queen went over to
her yesterday afternoon. It was the Intention to tow the steamer off the flate and up to Hunters Point dry
ock where she was to be overhauled. H. J. Corcoran, superintendent of the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company, owner of the Peters, and Captain Grey, superintendent of the towboat company, went over on the
Rescue, but after several attempts had been made they decided to postpone the matter until to-day. The Rescue
got on one side of the wrecked vessel and the Sea Queen on the other, but the difficulty was in finding a place on
the hull of the wreck to which to make fast. Superintendent Corcoran thinks there are at least five Chinese in the
forward cabin of the J. D. Peters. This place was built up especially for the use of the Chinese employed on the
various ranches along the river, and aa it was in the eyes of the vessel and below the main deck it must have been
flooded very quickly. The Chinese runner for the company is known to have been drowned. He ruehed on deck as
soon as warned by the chief engineer, but remembering that he had $300 in a bundle on his bunk, he rushed back
to secure it and was never seen again. It is thought that four others who were smoking opium when the collision
occurred were also drowned. The Chinese Consul and the chairmen of the six companies have written to the navi
gation company, informing the management that five Chinese are missing and asking that the bodies be cared for
when recovered. Quite a number of Chinese went out to the dry-dock to meet the Peters during the afternoon in
the hope of learning something about their relatives as soon as the vessel was docked, but they were disappointed.
Another attempt will be made to get the Peters on the dry-dock this morning.
track than William H. Miller, who won
the first prize in the race for Veteran
Volunteer Firemen. Nearly sixty gate
prizes were distributed to those holding
winning tickets. The management of the
outing was vested in the following com
mittees:
Reception Committee — Colonel A. Andrews
(chairman), Stephen Bunner. William H. Mil
ler, Colonel H. J. Burns. R. Harrold. E. P.
Rowe P Conner, James McElroy. Charles J.
Rellly ChrlF Punker, William McMann. James
Aitken John Cook, L. Selen&er. George Car
1I«1p William FahrenkrUK. J. C. Carroll, James
Pennvcook. Charles H. Okell, Thomas Sawyer,
William D. Farrell, F. A. Will. Henry Kohn.
Thomas Lord. Joseph S. Marshall, John Mc-
Greevy, William Raubinger.
Music Committee— Stephen Bunner, John
Satchwell. "
Printing committee— Stephen Bunner, John
Satchwell. William H. Miller.
Committee on Distribution of Prizes— Colonel
A. Andrews, John Foley, John Satcnweli. J.
W Kenney. John Williams.
Floor Manager— M. M. Baker.
Floor Commute*— J. C. Carroll, Frank F.
Terramose. _ ,
Game Committee— Colonel H. J. Burns. Fred
A. Will. William H. Miller, John McGreevy,
John Patehwell.
Gate Committee— James Pennycook, Charles
H. Okell, R. Harrold.
NUMBER FIFTEEN
THE WINNING NUMBER
ELECTION RETURNS WILL VERI
FY THE PROPHECY.
It Is the Number on the Official
Ballot of Henry S.
Martin.
The campaign that has been made
by Henry S. Martin, the Republican
nominee for Sheriff, has been so thor
ough and effective that his election is
assured by a large majority beyond all
possible doubt- His great personal pop
ularity and his unsullied record as an
enterprising and progressive citizen
made him, from the date of his nomina
tion, one c-f the strongest candidates
on the ticket. Friends have rallied
to his support from all quarters, and
voters, irrespective of party, have lound
in him all those very desirable quali
ties that are a prerequisite to the suc
cessful administration of all public of
fices.
That he will be elected Sheriff is a
fact generally conceded by all who have
canvassed the situation thoroughly. He
will make a capable, honest and up
right officer, one to whom all can point
with pride. He is a man of large
property interests in this, the city of
his birth, and is therefore very much
interested in seeing all offices adminis
tered with the sole object of good gov
ernment in view. He will, as Sheriff,
prove himself to be thoroughly deserv
ing of the confidence reposed in him
by all who vote number fifteen on the
official ballot.
California Girls' Training Home,
The California Girls' Training Home is
to receive a benefit on the afternoon and
evening of November 29 at The Colonial.
Mrs. S. B. Johnson has kindly given the
use of the entire first floor for this char
ity. The affair Is under the charge of
the ladies of The Colonial, and Mrs. W.
J. Dunn is the prime mover. There will
be booths in various rooms for the Bale
of fancy articles, and tea will be served
by girls from the Chinese Mission. A
continuous musical programme will be
presented, a feature of which will be sing
ing by the glee clubß from the State I nl
versity and the Stanford University.
Each lady at the hotel will trim a doll,
which will be sold at auction by Mr.
Spear The obiect of the entertainment
Is to pay off the present Indebtedness of
the home and to construct a roof garden
on the building, so that the children may
obtain out of door exercise.
The Official Ballots.
The official ballots have been cor
rected so as to show the Non-Partisan
Indorsement for Fifrlay Cook, candi
date for Police Judge; but the incor
rect sample ballots have not been re
called, and in the interest of Justice
and fair play Non-Partlsan voters
should themselves correct the blunder
when making up their tickets. •
"Finnigan's Ball."
Murray and Mack presented their farce
comedy, "Flnnigan's Ball," at the Cali
fornia Theater laßt evening to a large au
dience. The comedy is in three acts, and
the audience apparently enjoyed it. There
are several good spclalties, and one oi
two songs that are exceptionable. The
comedy is promised a successful run while
here.
Eczema and Itching Scalp
Cured quickly by using Smith's Dandruff
Pomade. For sale by all druggists; price,
50 cents; sample sent free by Smith Bros.,
Fresno, Cal. *
Died From His Wounds.
John Hogan. who sent a bullet through
his head at the Lindell House on Sixth
street on Saturday afternoon^ died at the
City and County Hospital on the same
night. His body was removed to tho
Morgue, where an Inquest will be hala.
All troubled with pile* should address
"Anakesls," Tribune bdg.. N. V.. for cure*
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1898.
OARSMEN
GATHER AT
LONG BRIDGE
Ariel Intermediates
Are Victors.
SENIOR HONORS FOR ALAMEDA
PAPE WINS THE SENIOR SHELL
RACE IN A WHERRY.
Dr. Dennis of the South Ends Dis
qualified for Fouling in the
Outrigged Skiff
Race.
The championship rowing regatta of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union was held yesterday at i/)ng
Bridge. The day was a lovely one, and
the bridge was crowded with spectators,
as also was the deck of a large ship
moored alongside. In the early part of
the day the water was quite smooth, out
later a light breeze ruflled its surface,
The winners in yesterday's races hold the
bay championships until next year's
championship regatta.
In the intermediate four-oared barge
race the Pioneers had the inside station,
the Ariels the center and the Dolpmns
the outside. After rowing a few strokes
the Dolphins turned back, having crossed
the starting line merely to save their en
trance fees. The Ariels, rowing a good
stroke In their new barge, came home
winners by ten lengths. Time. 7 mm. ii^a
sees.
In the senior outrigged skiff, first heat,
| F. Ayers of the Alamedas and Dr. C. C.
Dennis, the former having the outside
station and the latter the Inside, were
the only starters. Both men, being sure
of their places in the final heat, took
things easily. Two hundred yards from
the linish they began to pull a little, and
F. Ayers crossed the line half a length
to the good. Time, 10 mm. 16 sec.
In the junior four-oared barge race the
Ariel crew had the inside station, tne
tPioneers the center and the Alamedas the
i fifttßjde. The Ariels led at the start, the
steering wildly. Up to the staKes
: the order was: Ariels, Pioneers and Ala
medas. The Ariels and the Pioneers raced
I bow and bow, but 2iW hundred yards from
the finish the Ariels were fouled and
stopped rowing, allowing the Pioneers tq
win and the Alamedas to take second
place. The Ariels claimed a foul, but it
was disallowed on the ground that it did
not affect the result, lime, 7 mm. 45 sec.
The Junior outrigsred skiff race, first
heat, was won by Flckert by four lengths,
Orr second. La Chapelle third ana J.
Lyons fourth. Time, S» mm. 19 sec.
In the- senior outrigged skiff, second
heat, Ochs rounded the stake first, pulled
strongly and won by six or seven lengths;
C. Ayers second. Time, 9 mm, 2% sec.
The Junior shell race was practically
a rowover for Klunder. Time, 11 mm.
23 3-5 sec.
- The senior four-oared barge race was
easily won by the Alamedas. The Pioneers
beat tho South Ends for second place
p.fter a close contest. Time, 7 mm. 30 sec.
In the senior shell race H. A. Wlttkopf
of the Ariels had the inside station, A.
W. Pape of the Dolphins center and
Frank Duplissea of the South Ends out
side. Pape rowed a wherry; the others
were in shells. At the start Duplissea
crowded Pape. but afterward cleared
away from him. Pape and Wlttkopf
turned almost together; ttien Pape took
the lead, followed 'by Wlttkopff, with
Duplissea twenty lengths behind. Witt
koff hung on to Pape out could not catch
him, tho Dolphin sculler winning by a
length. Time, 8 mm. 44 sec.
In the junior outrigged skiff, second
heat, only A. Webb and W. O. Hansen,
both of the Alamedas, started. Being sure
of their places in the final heat, the scull
ers took things easily, W. Hansen win
ning by about two lengths. Time. 10 mm.
11 sec.
In the senior outrigged skiff, final heat,
F. Ayers of the Alamedas had the inside
station, C. Ayers of the Alamedas inside
center, C. Och» of the Pioneers outsiuo
center and Dr. C. C. Dennis of the South
Ends outside. Dennis started off with a
rush, and fouling Ochs broke the blade of
one of Och's sculls. Ochs stopped and
turned back. After the turn Dennis led
and came in a winner by two lengths from
F. Ay its, C Ayers a bad third. Dr. C. C.
Dennis was disqualified for fouling Ochs.
and the other three are to row tne final
heat next Sunday at noon at Long Bridge.
Time, 9 mm. 8 >-5 sec.
In the junior outrigged skiff, final heat,
W. G. Hansen of the Alamedas had inside
station, Atwell Webb of the Alamedas
center and J. Fickert of the Ariels out
side. Flckert got away with the lead and
led after the turn. Then he took Webb's
water, and Webb, overtaking him, ran
right into his boat. The foul was of the
clearest kind, and the race was given to
Webb. Time, 9 mm. 19 2-5 sec.
The course was understood to be one
and a half miles with a turn, but the sur
prisingly good time made in every event
shows that the distance cannot have been
rightly estimated. The course was prob
ably not more than one and a quarter
miles.
The Spanish Commissioners at
the peace conference have been
waiting the result of the elec
tions in this country, in the hope
that the people would not sus
tain the President. A vote
against the administration is
virtually a vote for Spain.
THEY ASPIRE TO BE
ADJUTANT GENERAL
THOSE WHO WISH TO BE AT
HEADQUARTERS.
How Far the Plan of Reorganization
Has Progressed — Elections to
Be Held in the Naval
Militia.
The approaching election has engrossed
n much of the time of the citizens of the
State that during the past week but lit
tle attention has been paid to the matter
of reorganization of the National Guard.
Men who wish to Join the guard under
went physical examination for three com
panies, and in two there was about thirty
men who stood the test, but the third, the
company of the Fifth Infantry, located
at San Rafael, had but seven men out
of more than thirty petitioners who were
rfady to be examined. Thus far the ex
aminations have been for Companies B,
C, D, O, X and L of the First Infantry,
and D and F of the Fifth. Company I of
the First ha« sent in its petition, and the
men will be examined next week after
the election. There yet remain to be
examined men for Bix companies of the
First Infantry, nine for the Becond, six
for the Fifth, eight for the Sixth and
twelve for the Seventh.
It is stated by those who have charge
of the reorganization that if those com
panies which have sent in petitions to join
the guard do not make a better showing
than did the company at San Rafael they
will lose their chances of being admitted.
There will be three elections in the Na
val Militia this month. Lieutenant Col
onel Henry F. Emeric has been detailed
to preside at an election to be held on the
Marion on the 15th inst. for lieutenant,
vice C. C. Dennis, term expired. He will
undoubtedly be re-elected. Lieutenant L
L. Chandler, commanding the Third Di
vision, will preside at an election to be
held on the Plnta on the 23d inst. for en
sign, vice George B. Smith, deceased- and
Lieutenant D. F. Hunt, commanding the
Sixth Division, wil preside in the armory
at Santa Barbara on the 22d inst. at an
election to be held to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of J. J. Delany.
Ensign Delany entered the auxiliary navy
as a mate. When the auxiliary was mus
tered out. Mate Delany continued in the
naval service of Uncle Sam, and is now
on duty on the Pensacola.
The presiding officers have been in
structed in orders that they must notify
each successful candidate that he wlil
have to" be examined in the prescribed
t.icties, rules and regulations governing
the United States navy, and the Na
tional Guard of California, the provisions
of the Code of California relating- to the
National Guard, forms of naval ordtrs
records, correspondence and general Qual
ifications.
Last Friday night Lieutenant Com
mander G. W. Kingsland, chief engineer
of the Naval Militia, who has recently
returned from a trip in Alaska, took the
men of his command out for a cruise
around the bay in the reserve's steam
launch and gave them instructions in the
construction of the engine and the meth
ods of operating it. Now that he has re
turned to duty he will devote consider
able time to the instruction of the men In
the engine room of the Marion.
raptain Leslie Hewes, commanding the
Signal Corps of the Second Brigade, is
working hard to redeem the corps from
the adverse criticisms that have t> -on
made in regard to it. It is his purpose
he said recently, to make the corps a
signal corps as it should be, and to that
end lie will devote his energies. He alßo
stated that in hia efforts he is being sec
onded by the men of his command. In ad
dition to the usual drill work in wire and
flag, the men are receiving instructions
in ningle stick exercise, taking lessons In
the use of the saber, and they are a,lso
practicing with carbines at the reduced
target in the basement of the Ellis-street
armory.
There-iB at this tim<* considerable spec
ulation as to what changes will take place
in the guard upon the change of adminis
tration. The most important position that
Is attracting attention is that of adjutant
general. The incumbent. General Barrett,
will be a candidate to sucoeed himself
and Colonel George Stone, Colonel J. c
Currier and Major Charles Jansen, In
spector of the Second Brigade, will also
present their claims for the office.
The members of the San Francisco Fu
sileers' Mutual Benefit Fund, to which
belong many members of the once vol
unteer organization known as the Ban
Francisco Fusileers and exempts of Com
pany I of the old First Regiment, will
hold a special meeting next Thursday
night In California Hall to take steps to
form a company to take the plac« of Com
pany I of the First California Volunteers,
now In Maniln. I was the company that
was commanded by the late Captain Rlch
ter, who fell while leading his men in the
attack on Malate.
PEACE JUBILEE SERVICE.
Soldiers and Sailors Attend the Cal-
vary Presbyterian Church.
A peace Jubilee Bervlce was held last
night at the Calvary Presbyterian
Church, corner of Gearv and Powell
streets. The interior of the church was
handsomely decorated with national col
ors and palms. A motto in white letters,
"On Earth Peace," was strung just over
the pulpit, and a large star, formed by
incandescent lamps, hung below it.
A large numuer of army officers and
soldiers from the Presidio occupied the
right division of the center seats, and
about one hundred marines from the
training ship Adams filled the seats in
the left division. The programme ren
dered during the evening was as follows:
Organ prelude, Profesßor R. D. Burness;
invocation, Rev. John Hemphlll; anthem,
"Glory Be to God on High and on Eearth
Peace"." choir; solo, "Battle Hymn of the
Republic," W. C. Campbell; address,
"War as a Means of Permanent Peace."
Chaplain O. C. Miller, Eighth California
United States Volunteers; address, '"The
Moral Side of Army Life," H. J. McCoy,
treasurer of the Army Christian Commis
sion; address, "Current Events," Rev.
John Hemphill; tenor solo, "Peace I
Leave With You," Herbert Williams.
Rev. Mr. Hemphlll said that the war
with Spain had accomplished five things
it made the American flag more respected,
more strongly united the North and the
South brought England on closer terms
of friendship with the United States than
had existed since the Declaration of Inde
pendence in 1776, gave to the world proof
that the God of Hosts assists those who
flght in the defense of humanity and
opened up a great field for Christian mis
sionary work. _
SIGNALS OF ELECTION RESULTS.
Look out for the Bignals
from the dome of The Call
building giving the result of
elections and progress of re
turns. The code, by which
these signs can be read by the
public, will be published
Tuesday. Keep it for refer
ence.
MERITS OF THE CONFESSIONAL.
The Rev. Father Mahony's Sermon
at St. Ignatius Church Last
Evening.
At the usual Sunday evening service of
vespers and benediction at St. Ignatius
Church last evening Rev. Father Ma
honey, S. J., preached a sermon on the
benefits of confession.
"Christ instituted the confession," said
he. "before he left the apostles, and he
told thenf, 'Whose sins you forgive they
are forgiven.' Our Savior could not be
charged with making a useless institution,
because he saw the human heart and the
violation that rested there. In consider
ing the confessional we will take the
charge that !s sometimes made against it
by the ignorant that it was instituted by
the Catholic priests. That charge is
easily answered. In the first place,
for a priest to sit for hours together In a
little cramped box of the confessional
is a very tiresome and unhealthy task,
as the ventilation is bad. In warm
weather the box is suffocating, and In
winter it is nearly cold enough to freeze
one's blood. The priests also, if they in
stituted the confession, would certainly
have made a rule that they would not
have to confess themselves, yet they con
fess the same as everybody else.
"Do people ever consider how priests.
even at the jeopardy of their own lives
go to the sick at hospitals at all hours of
the day and night and listen to sick pa
tients' confessions?
"The confession was a divine com
mand and we should respect it. If every
body In San Francisco were to visit the
confessional at frequent intervals we
Bhould have a purer city morally. You
never hear any clamor against doctors,
who do all In their power to improve the
sick of their bodily ailments, and why
should any person speak 111 of the confes
sional when Christ instituted It for the
Improvement of our souls?"
Buy wallpaper & win.low rhades at Clark's.
65! Market. Country order* ollclted. •
The whole city Is concerned In
the upbuilding and proper man
agement of the public schools,
and therefore all the people arc
interested in bringing about the
election of R. tf. Webster as Su
perintendent of Schools.
City of Puebla Sails.
The City of Puebla sailed for Manila
i yesterday afternoon. On board the trans-
I port were the five companies of the Ten
i nessee Regiment, the remaining detach
j ment of the California Heavy Artillery
and the Nevada Cavalry. The Newport
i will sail for the Philippines to-morrow.
! This will bo the last transport to leave.
"His intelligence and honesty are
! doubted by no man, and no man is
better qualified to Judge the values of
! property," said the Examiner, editor-
I lally, of John D. Slebe four years ago.
jlt is Just as true to-day. Vote for him.
; Voting number 11.
ADVEBTIS73MENTS. , :
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET,
SO IFOR 40.
Beslnnlnjc Wednesday we will sell to our cus-
tomers a limited quantity, of > books. containing
25 2 cent United' States postage stamps for 40c.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday— -Wednesday
/ "Crown" brand,
PORT and SHERRY, V an . old California
POK 1 and ancKK i , >wi n e , pure,
j 25c bot , 3 hots $I.N ) wholesome,
25C Dot,3 DOIS)I.VV'Y regularly 35c
bot.
BUTTEK, .. , ( Fancy Creamery.
40c square, JH" beensoc - . ;
! HONEY, \ New crop, In Mb. frames.
10c comb. . !Regularlyls! ReguIarlyI5c v.
COAL HODS- (^v. h iVo v n*
Galv Iron, 15 Inches, 20c J reg.3oc,4oc.
! Galv. Iron, 16 Inches, 30c 1 Japan n ed,
spanned, 15 Inches. 20c f striped, reg.
Japanned, 16 inches, 25c - 3Jcand3sc.
r\ ATHEC Good bristles, polished
LLUlllCy ) oak back. Usually 40c
BRUSHES 25c \ SSiy A Ilmited quantlty
TOOTH POWDER (^, C cffi^nd^
25c bottle. " ( Wd er saponaceous
TOOOODS ( Smyrna Figs, German
NEW UUUII3 ) Potatoes. Chestnuts.
IDDIVcn ■'■ ~ : - / Milchner and Potomac
AKKIVCU < Roe Herring. Boiled and
\ Sweet Cider, Paprika.
Country , orders shipped free ; 100 ; miles. •
Use ' i^h, and ;
Facial Soap '"~&J?-: Facial Cream.
. • The • Grandest • Toilet Combination known j for
the skin, complexion and teeth jls ■ Wood bury' •
■ i Facial Soap, - Facial Cream and : Facial • - and
i Tooth Powder. The dally u»» of these articles
I will protect a fair complexion and cure a bad
Bkin..-. , ■; /: y . ■. ■ -;■ . . 'J
ADVPBTISEMENTS. ____
A The 'Boys: — Bob, how do you make such big sales? A
2 cßobc Bob i— I give my customers a piece of Battle Ax I y.%
S It is no longer a secret that the quality of g.
I PLUC^ |
9 is different from that of any other chewing tobacco ■ ®
| I ever made. It stands to reason that is better ||
i £ than any other chewing tobacco : or why does :■ . X
A it sell five times more than any other brand? §
® You can fool the eye — with color. You can- ©
® not fool the mouth with taste. Battle Ax tastes ©
|[ right — chews right— costs right and is "right." ||
§ Pemember the name i
I ■■ > when you buy again. I
i@©@©©©®@®®@©©@©©©©©®@©@©
AMUSEMENTS. • __ _ __.
BALDWIN THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
BEGINNING ; TO-NIGHT.
Mr Jacob Litt Presents Grant Stewart 1
"*■ Mistakes
Will Happen.
TO SEE IT IS TO LAUGH.
A Great Company, Headed by
CHARLES DICKSON and HENRIETTA
CROSMAN. ■
Coming— "SECRET SERVICE."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
QOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
AN UNQUALIFIED HIT.
PRICES: 15c; 25c, 35c, sdc.
Famous Original Irish Comedians.
MURRAY
mack:
In Their Brand New Comedy,
FINNIGAN'S BALL.
NOTHING BUT FUN.
Tuesday Election Returns Read From
Next*! u'nday— November 13, William Calder*s
Sterling Company In Harkins & Harbour's
Romantic • Military Play. "NORTHERN
LIGHTS."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
TWO WEEKS, BEGINNING . TO-NIGHT:
SATURDAY MATINEE.
First Appearance Here.
KELLAR!
THE GREAT MAGICIAN.
" . ' ■ v #*■■
Assisted by MRS. KELLAR.
A SERIES OF MARVELOUS ILLUSIONS
' AND DECEPTIONS IN PURE MAGIC.
Coming— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
COLUMBIA THEATER— Extra.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. NOV. 10TH,
"-U, at 3 o'clock. ',',
The Channing Auxiliary Announces a Lec-
ture by - - y-
WILLIAM ARMSTRONG,
The Eminent Critic, on
♦•AMERICAN COMPOSERS,"
' Assisted by .
Fritz Scheel i>nd His Symphony Orchestra
Popular Price5....:.;... ...'... 50c, 75c and $I.'
Sale erf seats will begin this (Monday) morn-
ing at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a . and at the
Theater. -•".". '■■<• ■■'■ .-•'-' ,- -■;■ '• . - -'■
THEATER.
TO-NIGHT!
';}. Only Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
I Lincoln J. Carter's Great Spectacular Pro-
duction of
THE HEART
OF CHICAGO
SEX THE MARVELOU3 APPROACHING TRAIN.
Introduclnc a Splendid Line of
HICH'CLASS SPECIALTIES. ,
Prices— Evening, 15c, 25c, 35c and 60c; ' Mat-
inee 25c, to all parts. Gallery, : 15c. Seats-
Comedy Theater and Emporium.
Next— "UNDER: THE DOME."
CHUTES ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON f\T>iT>
evening;
NEW BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
DURNO, the Prince of Prestidlgltateurs;
MARIE KELLAR, Operatic Soprano; BTEIN-
LE and SIMMEN, Character Singing Duo; ED
O'CONNOR, the "Irish ; Lad"; * MLLE. GAR-
NETT, - Novelty Slack s Wire "Artiste ; * ARTURO
SALVINI. ■" Lyric Tenor, r and s NEW < MOVING
PICTURES'. S^^^^g : ' '-'■:■■ ---.— ' {■'
EYERY THURSDAY— AMATEUR NIGHT
SEE F r "BEAUTY " ; J THE - HANDSOMEST
.--_ -s? '■- -*i HORSE ON EARTH! :/. - r ;
■ ICo, ■ Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
T~ — '
AMUSEXENTS.
PAULINE HALL, Queen of Comic Opera, In
Popular Selections. - • '■;■-.-■ ■
BEATRICE MORELAND AND CHARLES
M. SHAY, in "A Game of Golf.".
KARL HERTZ AND MLLE. D' ALTON, New
Illusion, '"Aerollthe." »<WBt»Hwawi«ws
JOHN C. RICE AND SALLY COHEN, a New
Act, "The Kleptomaniacs."
RAYMON MOORE. .
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET.
PEARL ANDREWS.
SELLS AND YOUNG.
THE BIOGRAPH. New Views.
Reserved Seats. 2Sc; Balcony, 10c J Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW (TUES-
DAY), NOV. 8. 2:30 P. M.
Monster Farewell Popular
; Heinrich Recital.
Mr. Max Heinrich, Barytone; Mrs. Max Heln*
rich. Soprano.
■ Miss Julia Heinrich. Contralto. .:
POPULAR SELECTIONS. POPULAR PRICES. .
36c and 50c. Seats Now on . Sale at ' Orpheum
'.- .•.."..■ . ; - Box Office. ••.,-. ■;•;■:,■ .. v
ALC AZAR_THEATER.
SEATS •*■•■% 25c, 35c, 50c.
HAVE -.": TO-NIGHT
HAD Dffi
your £F;
LAUGH BILL.
rrrriTq
lm ° From th« Garden
YEAR ? Theater, New York.
ELECTION RETURNS Announced TUESDAY WIGHT.
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
Vaxtkb Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager. ■'-'•
WEEK OF NOVEMBER 7. 1898.
GRAND PRODUCTION
- Of the Great French Melodrama,
Stranglers of Paris
A Panorama of the World's Gay Metropolis.
Exciting plot. \> Strong cast. 1 Great scenes.
Seats on Sale at the Box Office
And Main Floor of the Emporium.
POPULAR PRICES ""Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats ... 25 and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery .. 10c
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine i Krellng, Proprietor : and - Mgr.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK WITH SATUR- *
DAY MATINEE,
GREAT " DOUBLE BILL.
nion c? I P monday, . t ~ ■ •
VJ 1 M\\J "L- C WEDNESDAY,
n i iiiS Cl A FRIDAY,
Vi 1 K r \-t SUNDAY EVENINGS.
Tuesday, iTID<TTQ
THURSDAY. VlvVjUO;
SATURDAY EVENINGS. f\l TCD XT *
SATURDAY MATINEE, yUCDIY
Next— "SUZETTE." First time her*.
Popular Prices ..../.. ...'. .Zso and 50a
S^r-^A* Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 23c. -.
RACING! : RACING! RACING! :
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning SATURDAY,
October- 29, to November li,: inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. ,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. > Rain or Shine.
~ : FIVE iOR ' MORE i RACES ; EACH . DAY.
Races . Start at 2:15 p. • m.. •. Sharp.', ; : » :. :
i Ferryboats leave San -Francisco at 12 m. and )-"■
12:80, - 1, r 1:30, ?2, c 2:30 * and >3~ p. m., '; connecting ?,?.
with trains stopping "at '■-. th» entrance ■to t th« --t
Track. 1 Buy your ferry tickets to Shell i Mound.' i\
- Returning— •■ leave = the .. Track at , 4:15 ■-
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last race. V; :
-;,■" THOS. ; H. WILLIAMS JR., * President.
-. "- R. ; B. MILROY.-; Secretary. ' V :
CONCERTS AND f : RESORTS. .
SUTRO BATHS.
Op«n Dally from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. Daring <;
the Winter. Season. ■• ;
ADMISSION lOc -V-t -V.--7- CHILDREN 3j-
Bathing, with adhesion, »o; children, too. -^
78
CANADIAN
GOVERNMENT
SEIZES BOATS
High -Handed Work
on the Yukon.
SUPPLIES BOLDLY TAKEN
PRETEXT THAT A MILITARY
CONTRACT WAS BROKEN.
Parsimony In the Navigation of
River Craft That Will Cause
Passengers to Enter Claims
for Damages.
BY SAM W. WALL.
Bp*ci*l Correspondence of Tha Call.
DA"WSON, Oct. 1. — The unexpected
has happened this year indeed. The
Yukon hag not Been such an open sea-
Bon for a decade. Ten days ago a
light fall of snow covered the ground
and everybody conceded that winter
had come. The snow passed away, and
another week of perfect Indian sum
mer has succeeded it. Frequently
heavy frosts and a thin glaze of ice
that forms in the pools during the night
are the only evidences that summer
has passed, for the vast old Yukon
flows as tranquilly as though it never
felt the grip of winter, the air is balmy
and the sun shines brifrhtly in a clear
sky every day. So near its close one
cannot but smile at the dark proph
ecies with which many of the ao-called
old-timers worked their names into
print early in the season. There was to
be no water in the river sufficient to
carry a boat to Dawson. because there
had been such slight fall of snow the
preceding winter. The fact was there
had been quite the usual fall of snow,
and there has been all the season a
most unusual flow of water. There has
been no day since the river cleared of
Ice that a boat drawing five feet of
water could not navigate the river with
perfect freedom. That so many found
great difficulty in getting up was
chargeable to the Incompetency of
those in charge. Never perhaps in all
the history of business enterprise has
so much capital been placed in the care
of lnexperiei "- J, untrustworthy and
incompetent hands. In order to save a
few dollars on the salary of a steam
boat captain or perhaps to find a place
for some poor weakling who could not
find one for himself positions of the
highest responsibility, requiring expe
rience and executive force, were be
stowed where these qualities were con
spicuously absent. But for the unusu
ally favorable conditions, the uniformly
high water and the great length of the
season, the record of last year with re
gard to the number of persons winter
bound on the river at a distance from
their destination would have been far
outdone this year. As it is there will,
no doubt, be many who .will fail to
reach Dawson. Of the boats arriving
this week, the Boston and Alaska Com
pany's Governor Pingree and Philip B.
Low, having in tow the barge New
York, are probably the most derelict of
all the great fleet that attempted the
ascent of the river this year. The boats
started from Puget Sound on the 11th
of June in tow of the same company's
ocean steamers, the Laurada and -he
Brixhai... and did not arrive here until
the 25th of September. The passengers,
besides having to practically work their
•way up the river chopping and loading
the wood for the furnaces and shifting
and reshifting and loading and unload
ing freight, as the almost daily encoun
ters with sandbars made necessary,
were almost starved.
The boats were carrying several hun
dred tons of supplies for the Canadian
military post of Fort Selkirk. Arrived
at Rampart City, the Canadian officers
who accompanied the outfit, becoming
anxious, offered to take charge of the
boats and get them through, and the
officers of the boats, beginning to feel
their incompetency, accepted the offer.
Two men were sent forward to Daw-
Bon by a boat of another company and
the steamer Seattle was secured at a
cost of $30,000 to go down and bring up
the barge Mfchigan, which had been in
tow of the Pingree, but which was
left at Port Yukon. With the single
tow, the New York, the Low and Pin
grres struggled through the eighty miles
of flats, consuming ten days in so do-
Ing, and thence to Dawson. Here the
officers of the Canadian Government,
on the grounds that the company had
broken its contract In failing to deliver
the military supplies in July, took pos
session of the boats, paid off the <;;n
ployes and assumed entire charge of
the property. Nearly every passenger
on board had some claim against the
company, as there was scarcely a sin
gle instance where they received the
freight or baggage that they had in
trusted to the company's care. They
had intended to bring some action for
recovery against the company, but this
action of the Government presented
a complication that was difficult to
meet. The passengers, as well as ship
pers' freight, had been broken into and
plundered. Some of the passengers
could not find a single package of their
freight. Immediately upon arrival
Captain Blakeley of the barge New
York was arrested on a charge of
broaching cargo. He is still in jail.
He is thought to have made away with
a quantity of whisky, the property of
Donahoe & Co. Colonel McCook,
United States Consul, is of the opinion
that the Canadian Government has
overstepped its limitation in arbitrarily
seizing the boats for broken contracts,
and that it may be compelled to pay
damages. The recourse of the Gov
ernment, he says, was a suit for dam
ages, and nothing more. The Boston
and Alaska Company is in the hands of
a receiver, and it is understood that it
will change its name for a contem
plated campaign next spring, in order
to avoid as much as possible conse
quences of its bad management.
Captain Worth has been arrested at
Circle City on n charge of embezzling
some 418,000 claimed to be due Carpen
ter and the other owners of the May
West, of which Captain Worth was
master and part owner. Captain
Worth superintended the building of
the little steamer at St. Michael last
fall. With her he was frozen in at a
point about ninety miles below Minook
He passed a very bad winter with his
unhappy passengers. He arrived early
in the spring and, although he had
plenty of troub'- in squaring accounts
with passengers, many of whoso out
fits had been consumed during the longr
winter, although his contract required
him to feed them unti he landed ihem
at Dawson, he finally effected h's re
lease and carried a boatload or* pas
sengers down the riv<- at good figures
—the first run of Klonrlikers for the
outside after the beginning of the
clean-up. It was for appropriating
this passage money that he was ar
rested. Captain Worth sets his ser
vices against the claim and declares
he dees not owe the company one cent.
The situation in Dawson at this writ
ing has nothing of that terrifying ele
ment that characterized it at this sea
son last year. Sixty-three boats have
reached here from below during the
season. Very many of the big
boats brought barges — one or
them the Louise Captain Dixon,
bringing two barges with 1000
tons. Not less than 5000 boats have
come down the river, including flat
boats and barges, and their average
would be at least two tons each. There
are about 25,000 people who will win
ter in the city or vicinity and there
will be plenty of provisions at rates
quite reasonable, as compared with
those of last year. Flour, for instance,
is $8 a sack, beans 15 cents a pound,
bacon 60 cents a These are
the staple of staples. Canned meats
are 75 cents per two- pound cans. Fresh
meat, of which there is lust now plenty,
averages $1 a pound. Sugar is 30 cents,
coffee 75 cents and milk and cream 50
cents and $1 per can. Butter is scarce
and brings $1 50 a pound. ' Window
glass is almost as hard to get as it was
last year, and $2 is —adily paid for a |
: small pane. Bruoms are also not to !
| be had, although there is considerable
demand. These are a few of the short
ages. The stock of sheet iron for stoves
and pipe is not large and the prices
of these things are higher than last
i year. Generally speaking, there is an
abundance of everything needful and
very "many of the luxuries of the outer
world. Luxuries, of course, Buch as
candy and silk dresses and electric
lights come proportionately high.
There has been during all the sum
mer and there 1b still a great deal of
sickness in and about the city, al
though not nearly so much as has been
made to appear by alarmists. Reports
have been continually circulated here
and have doubtless reached the outside
to the effect that funerals take place
nearly every hour of the day, and that
the superintendents of hospitals falsify
their statements as to the number of
deaths. A late report was industrious
ly repeated to the effect that smallpox
was raging here, but that the cases
were being concealed. I have made a
canvass of the doctors in the city, the
hospitals and the undertakers and have
counted the mounds in the graveyard.
There is or has been no case of small
pox in the city. Typhoid fever has
been prevalent during the summer and
is still so.
Almost every individual has suffered
more or less from dysentery, which has
in many cases proved fatal. This is
chiefly caused by the water, the com
plaint being accompanied in almost all
cases by symptoms of arsenical poi
soning. Scurvy also still has its vic
tims. Withal, however, the death rate
has at no time exceeded an average of
one a day. The population here, it is
learned from actual census taking, has
ranged from 20,000 to 30,000. There are
now in St. Mary's Hospital 135 patients,
In* the Good Samaritan 35 and in pri
vate hospitals 20. The sick, however,
are to be found in tents and cabins
everywhere throughout the town and
the entire mining region, many in
wretched discomfort. It is easier to
lose one's health in this country than
to find the fortune they are all seeking.
The dead or disabled are to be seen
every day being carried on stretchers
through the streets or over the rough
trails from the mines to the hospitals
or burial grounds of the city. For all
this, however, the death rate in propor
tion to the population is not excessive.
Since my last report of the deaths in
the city the following have died:
Bishop of New Brunswick, Frank Miller
of Aberdeen, Wash.; Mrs. Waddell, for
merly of 135 Page street, San Fran
k cisco, all at the Good Samaritan Hos
pital; E. Palmer, August 20; James
Keyes of San Jose, August 26; John
Cameron, South Bend, August 27;
James Sheeny, August 28; Patrick Cha
rette, September 4; John Price, Septem
ber 5; Sam Neal, 6th; Thomas Duggan,
10th; J. S. Jacobson, 11th- — Samkou
sky, 13th; F. A. Neale, 13th; William
Cobleigh. 14th; Olof Isaks, 15th; George
Hogel, Seattle, 20th; Frank Roy, 21st;
Norman A. Bennett, 22d; John Dixon,
26th; William Williams, 27th; Henry
Bornke, 2Sth— all at St. Mary's Hospi
tal. William Murray Mizner, formerly
of California, died at No. 22 Bonanza
September 20; James Ryan, formerly
of Astoria, Or., a one-time prize fighter,
died September 8; Al Kineston, former
ly of New Zealand, September 17; Wil
liam McArthur, formerly of Victoria,
B. C, sick and discouraged, blew his
brains out with a rifle September 20; i
Mme. Coutou, 23 years of age, died ]
September 23; William Meredith was
accidentally drowned at the Klondike
ferry September 21; Paley T. Brown.
Grass Valley, Cal., died September 23;
— Wittrup of Seattle died September
20.
The little steamer Willie Irving,
which carries this dispatch as far as
White Horse, advertises this as her last
trip before seeking winter' quarters. She
has made nine round trips since the Ist
of July. Her master, by the way. was
married only two days ago, the bride
being Dr. Luella Day, formerly of Chi
cago. The ceremony took place at the
Fairview, Dawson's swell hotel. Mrs.
McConnell was for six years superin
tendent of the Metropolitan Railroad
Hospital, and came to see Dawson dur
ing a year's leave of absence. She has
since resigned.
The following have arrived since my
last report, arriving by the Philip B.
Low September 25: Joseph Swift, T.
J Donohue, P. Vathon, H. C. Stumer,
Ed Waymire, Mrs. S. W. Wall Mrs. H.
W. Myer. Mrs. A. Wilson, Mrs. A. Hill,
Dr. Mosher, Miss Mosher, G. F. John
ston, Mrs. Bergstrow, P» Britt, L. D.
Soper, A.H. Brenner and wife, F. Han
ley, L. A. Maeon, John Collins L. T.
Titlow, N. J. Cunningham, M. Dasnan.
N. George, M. Proudlock and Charles
Heicher.
By the Governor Pingree, September
25: M. Bally Jr., Henry Kent, Lizzie
Brewhes, L. Hoffman, A. G. Konpsgut
ter, J. E. Ducks Robert Nisbit, F. Mc-
Mahon and wife, Miss Sutherland, Wil
liam Turner, Benjan' - Feed, J. J. Cav
ender, C. H. Sweavers, Lieutenant
Lowe and party of three employes and
James D. Watson.
By steamer Victoria, September 28:
Mrs. Mitchell, S. Saunders, M. M. Mor
rell, J. A. S. Evans, D. A. F. Hennlich,
E. E. Kerch, A. Van Horn, Vie Nelson,
P. H. Crowe, J. McNeff, J. Carleson, H.
L. and F. A. Schmitz. Con Mayer, E.
H. Crowe, W. E. Delaney, James Cook
O. G. Heiss. S. Allen, G. Jamieson, S.
Lougher, Mrs. Jennie Moore and Mrs.
Irene Pearce.
No more passengers will seek to
reach the outside by way of the mouth
of the river this year.
CAPTAIN CARTER TO BE
SEVERELY PUNISHED
Dishonorable Discharge, Five Years'
Imprisonment or a j Fine .of -
$5000 His Sentence. •_
NEW YORK, Nov. The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: Dis
honorable i discharge *. from ' the i army,
five years in, the penitentiary, or In lieu
of imprisonment to pay a fine of $5000.
While President McKinley's formal de
cision has =. not been rendered .in : the
court-martial case of Captain O. M.
Carter I ; have lit on reliable authority
that ; this *is the punishment the Presi
dent : contemplates imposing \ upon this
officer as the result of his court-martial
on charges of conspiring to defraud the
United States Government. The verdict
of the court-martial was somewhat dif
ferent • from ; ; this. ': The S| court-martial
found him guilty of most of the charges
preferred '■■ against .; him ■ and I sentenced
him to be : dismissed | from : the 1 service
of the United States army, to beacon
fined in the penitentiary for a period of
not less than ; five % years \ and -to ' pay a
fine of $5000 for his offense, the findings
and sentence ?to ; be publicly placarded
at his place of residence, in accordance
with: the : 100 th article of war. - :
: .'''~ : . ' —.—. — r — ' m « — :: — — — *.•■■.■■-':'•'
Voters who .; want an ; honest adminis
tration of ' the Assessor's omc« should
vote for John D. Slebe. Voting number
XX*
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CAL.L, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1898.
TOO MANY
OFFICIALS
AT HAVANA
American Commis
sioners at Outs.
CUBANS GROW DISHEARTENED
STARVATION CONTINUES WITH
NO PROSPECT OF SUCCOR.
Disgraceful Sequel of the Attack by
Yellow Fever of Two Clerks in
the Quartermaster's De
partment,
Special Dispatch to The CalL
HAVANA, Nov. 6.— J. B. CaJdwell
and F. T. Stewart, attached to the
quartermaster's department, have been
stricken with yellow fever. They had
been occupying: apartments at the Ho
tel Pasaje, adjoining those of Colonel
Williams, the chief quartermaster, who
is also suffering from the disease. Both
men were removed this afternoon, un
der the order of Dr. JLaine, to El Ve
dado fever hospital. In the opinion of
Dr. iLaine and other physicians the Ho
tel Pasaje is infected and there will
probably be a stampede among the
American guests when the fact becomes
known.
Following the usual petty jealousies
existing between the Commissioners,
to which the medical corps furnishes no
exception, the doctor who attended
Caldwell and Stewart gave no notice of
their illness to the United States Com
missioners at El Vedado. Colonel Wil
liams being ill, and nobody apparently
being authorized to assume authority
In his place, Stewart, who is a clerk in
the quartermaster's department, lacked
certain attentions that only money
could buy. Instead of the United States
Commissioners being informed an at
tempt was made to collect private sub
scriptions to provide nurses and mcdi-
Caldwell and Stewart have been ill
for several days, but not until this
morning was the fact brought to the
attention of the American Commission
ers, who immediately ordered Dr. Lame
to see the patients and to care for them
at the expense of the Commissioners.
As a result of his examination the re
moval orders were promptly issued,
Dr. Lame considering it his first duty
to care for the health of the large num
ber of Americans living at the Hotel
Admiral Sampson and Generals Wade
and Butler, the United States Evacua
tion Commissioners, are highly incensed
at the action of those who originated
the private subscription for a Govern
ment official.
tThe international agreement as to the
ne between Spain's loss of sovereignty
Cuba and the assumption of full
ilitary control by the United States
seems indefinitely prolonged, with no
immediate hope of relief to a country
which daily grows poorer and more de
populated. On all sides the question is
asked, "How much nearer is the final
solution of the problem than it was
on the day the protocol w r as signed?"
The feeling among the better classes
of intelligent and influential Cubans
may be pretty accurately summed up
in the following observations made by
a representative Cuban merchant of
Havana: "It seems to me, and I think
my views are shared by many, that the
United States Government is dilly
dallying too long with Spain over this
evacuacion question. Of course the
Kblem is a difficult one, but the delay
surely unnecessary. The United
tes has sent here an assortment of
imissions, each more self-important
and mysterious than its predecessor,
and each veiling its operations with a
cloud of secrecy, which, so far as my
American experience goes, really serves
the purpose of obscuring issues and
concealing very small achievements.
Almost nothing has been accomplished.
The spirit of jealousy fills not only the
individual members of all the commis
sions, but also exists between the differ
ent commissions collectively. These ri
valries seem to engross the attention
of the commissioners much more than
the serious questions affecting the wel
fare of Cuba and the dignity and good
faith of the United States.
"First we were told that the date of
occupation by the United States troops
would be November 1. Then December
1 was fixed upon and later we were in
formed that the date for occupation
would be left indefinite. So far as
evacuation is concerned January 1 was
named as an ultimatum, but How it is
rumored that February 1 has been
agreed upon. The people are losing
faith and confidence in the lack of for
mality displayed by the American rep
resentatives. To all questions asking
information on these points the Amer
ican Commissioners, with a superior
smile and an assumption of gravity to
cover their ignorance, reply vaguely and
unsatisfactorily.
"Unless the Washington Government
forces its lethargic commission to
greater activity Cuba will be an im
mense graveyard and its fields barren
before the United States takes posses
sion. The daily records of mortality
show that the population in all parts
of the island is dwindling steadily. En
tire villages are dying of starvation.
On all sides the Spaniards continue
robbing and plundering. In the mean
time these sage, gossiping commission
ers from the United States sit sipping
cool drinks by day and seeking shelter
by night with mortal dread of fever,
yet absolutely impervious to the de
mands of humanity.
"The situation created by this un-
Btainty is still more aggravated by
fact that no one dares to sow crops
cultivate the lands until the present
conditions show some rays of light.
There is no -work for idle hands. Day
by day the number of beggars, thieves
and other forms of vice Increase, while
the number of those able to relieve dis
tress shrinks in the same proportion.
Thus far the United States l^as sent In
the name of humanity a mere pittance
of a million rations and the Red Cross
Society has sent two cargoes of sup'-
C, as to the distribution and dis
l of which there have been many
vorable comments. How far can
relief be expected to go?
"The present conditions cannot be
much longer protracted without sub
jecting the United States to well-de
served criticism. More than that the
elements most in sympathy with the
United States are slowly but surely
falling off and joining the ranks of the
opposition. As you are aware, Senor
de Castro, the Civil Governor, only yes
terday issued orders for the arrest of
263 criminals recently released from jail
and the penal colonies at Ceuta and on
the Isle of Pines. This was rendered
necessary by the alarming increase of
burglaries and highway robberies.
While ttie blockade was on the city was
ruled with an iron hand and cases of
asssault and robbery were almost un
known. To-day, with the release of
criminals and the increase of poverty,
the list of murders and hold-ups is a
very grave affair.
"In addition to the already numerous
paupers and unemployed driven to beg
, from sheer necessity, there aro many
discharged soldiers entirely without
means of support. Their number
reaches into the thousands. Boys and
tfirls of genteel extraction have been
thrown on the streets to beg, live
the lives of beggars or thieves
or to be brought up In jails
or houses of ill fame. Do the
people of the United States realize theso
things? Does the Government of the
United States, morally responsible be
fore the world for the future of Cuba,
Intend to tolerate indefinitely a delay
which by a day makes these bad con
ditions worse?"
General Luque, Spanish Military
Governor of the Holguin division, on
leaving Glbara for Spain, wrote, it is
understood, to Captain General Blanco
to the effect that Glbara, prior to the
American occupation had been govern
ed In ordinary fashion by the Cubans,
who had named municipal officials
whose sober direction of affair com
manded the respect of the Spanish.
But when the Americans entered the
town Colonel Ra^- according to the re
port of General Luque's letter tore the
Cuban flag from all the public build
ings, trampled on it, freely insulted the
Cubans and allowed his men to indulge
in drunken carousals. When the Span
ish troops were embarking, wrote Gen
eral Luque, some 4000 Cubans lined the
road along which the evacuating
Spaniards, with Luque at their head,
marched to the wharf. The Spaniards
raised the cheer, "Viva Espana." which
was lustily answered by the Cubans as
a direct affront to the Americans, after
which the Cubans retired to a place
called Bujari, near Glbara, where they
fortified themselves, "defying American
authority." This is generally reported
as the tenor of Luque's note.
Alfred Bettancourt. a British subiect.
born in Jamaica, was assaulted last
Tuesday by a Spanish officer, who
struck him on the side of the head for
wearing a gold scarfpln in the shape of
a five-pointed star. The officer ordered
Bettancourt under arrest and sent him
before General Arrolas, Military Gov
ernor of Havana, who ordered him im
prisoned. Mr. Jerome, British Vice
Consul, on bein~ notified of the assault,
presented himself at the Captain Gen
eral's palace to protest against an act
of brutality and to demand the instant
release of Bettancourt.
General Blanco at first attempted to
put Mr. Jerome off, then said it would
be an extremely difficult matter to re
lease the prisoner, as he had not been
arrested by the Orden Publico, but by
an army officer, and had been sent to
Jail by the Military Governor. But Mr.
Jerome maintained a firm attitude, in
sisting that he would remain at the
palace until Bettancourt was released.
Finally, after an interchange of mes
sages between General Blanco and Gen
eral Arolas, Mr. Jerome all the while
refusing to budge from the palace, Bet
tancourt was released at a late hour.
These are the bare facts of an assault,
which, under other conditions, might
pass with slight notice, but which is
significant coming on the heels of a
threat made by General Arolas to get
even with Englishmen in Havana be
cause of a protest recently made by
Mr. Mac Lean, manager of the Marjno
Railway, owned by an English com
pany, against the use to which the rail
way stations have been put by Spanish
soldiers stationed to guard them on
I Sundays and holidays. The conduct of
the soldiers was grossly indecent and
excited the indignation of everybody
living in the vicinity of the stations.
When Mr. Mac Lean lodged his com
plaint General Arolas, who is extremely
hostile to the English, as well as to the
Americans, declared that he would gzt
even with the "Saxon rabble."
El Diario de la Marina publishes a
fierce editorial attack on the United
States, declaring that "the whole coun
j try is governed by rum and ignor
ance." It imputes to the American
Government "a breach of faith contrary
to the usages of all civilized countries
in sending war vessels to Porto Rico
after the protocol was signed and oc
cupying the Philippines before the con
ference at Paris has terminated."
MINISTERIAL CRISIS
IN NEWFOUNDLAND
Sir Herbert Murray, the Governor,
Compels a Cabinet Member to
Resign.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Nov. 6.— There Is a
serious Cabinet crisis in Newfoundland.
Sir Herbert Murray, the Governor, de
mands the re?' "nation of M. Morine, Min
ister of Finance. The ostensible reason
is that M. Morine is the general counsel
of Mr. Reid, the railway contractor, but
the real cause is the continued friction
between Governor Murray and the Minis
ter.
M. Morine, In tendering his resignation,
points out that Sir William Whiteay, the
former Premier, and Messrs. Emerson
and Morris, members of the late Cabinet,
held a similar relation to the contractor
and that Sir Herbert Murray acquiesced
in the arrangement in all three cases.
He reminds the Governor also i.at he has
been aware ever since April last of his
(Morine's) relation to Mr. Reid, and in
sists that the Governor's omission to in
terfere before stamps his action now as
personal and vindictive.
It is feared that complications will arise,
wrecking the Cabinet and seriously preju
dicing the negotiations regarding the
French treaty shore already under way
before the conference of the settlement of
the disputes between the United States
and Canada. '
CASH DONATION TO THE
CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY
Marquise de Merinville and Her Sis-
ter to Establish a Faculty
Fellowship.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The Catholic
University of America, through its rec
tor, the Right Rev. Thomas J. Conaty,
D.D., was the recipient on Saturday of a
gift of $10,000 for the establishment of a
fellowship in the faculty of divinity. The
donors are Mary Gwendoline Byrfl Cald
well. Marquise de Merinville and her sis
ter, Mary Elizabeth Breckenridge Cald
well and Baroness yon Zedtwitz. The
Baroness yon Zedtwitz, who is in Paris,
cabled to her sister in Washington her de
sire to unite with her in the establishment
of this fellowship, which is in perpetual
memorial of their deceased parents and
is independent of the scholarship founded
a few 'days before by the Marquise de
Merinville.
The recofd o* PhelaiTs Demo
cratic Board of Education Is a
proof that we need a Republican
board.
ASSIGNED TO THE OLYMPIA.
Former Commander of the Winslow
to Serve Under Dewey.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— Lieutenant
Nlblack, formerly In charge of the naval
military branch of the Navy Department,
and just detached from the command of
the torpedo boat Wlnslow, which has
gone out of commission, reported at the
Navy Department to-day, enroute to Ma
nila. He will sail from San Francisco on
the 19th, having been assigned to duty
on Admiral Dewey's flagship, the Olym
pia. It was in a large part owing to the
indefatigable efforts of Lieutenant
Niblack that the Naval Militia was devel
oped to the point where it became of
such value to the service during the war.
•• ' .;■'' ;L; L — — • — "'■ •'. '';:■'■'■" ""- '■■' '
: Prince George for Commissioner.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 6.— M. Zino
vleff, the Russian Embassador to Turkey,
has formally proposed the appointment of
Prince George of Greece as Commissioner
General of the European powers in Crete.
Vote for Gage and good govern
ment against the single tax freaks
and the Gallagher Maguircs.
National W. C. T. V. Convention.
, ST. , PAUL, Minn., Nov. 6.— Already the
leaders are ; arriving for the National W.
C. T. VU. convention, which j begins I here
Friday. )~ Mrs. L. M. N. s Stevens ;of Maine,
vice president iat large : and acting presi
dent * Bine© \ th« death of ; Mlsa '■ Frances
"Willard; Miss Anna Gordon of Evanston,
111.; Miss Mamie Powderly of Boston;
Mrs. Hanna J. Bailey of Maine; Mrs.
Frances Leiter, one of the original Ohio
crusaders; and Mrs. H. L. Hood of Chi
cago were the first to arrive. More are
expected dally until the convention con
venes. Lady Henry Somerset will be un
able to attend.
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code.
It will be published Tuesday
morning.
♦
Brings Confirmation Suit.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 6.— The directors
of the Brown's "Valley Irrigation District
have commenced confirmation proceed
ings In the Superior Court here to have
examined, approved and confirmed under
the confirmation act adopted March 16,
18&9, the bonds issued by the district. The
main object of the suit Is to bring the
case under the decision rendered in the
case of the Central Irrigation District of
Colusa County. This matter will be heard
on December 19.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A'UVING WITNESS.
Mrs. Hoffman Describes How She
"Wrote to Mrs. Pinkham for
Advice, and Is Now WelL
De Ait Mbs. Pinkham: — Before using
your Vegetable Compound I was a
great sufferer. I have been sick for
months, was troubled with severe pain
in both sides of abdomen, sore, feeling
■.-^^^SSffifciL- "* lower part of bow-;
ji&jff'Lji^S&bii e * s » a^ so : suffered
with cliz^ess,
tBSm U/& r* mbhSBI could not sleep.
KSjkja +& S W3 *ote you a
" --'^^ ■<?' JB "fS letter describ-
N^^^. replied tell-
what to do. >I
, followed your . direc-
tions, and cannot praise your medicine
enough for what it has done for me.
Many thanks to you for your advice.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has cured me, and I will recom-
mend it to my friends. — Mrs. Florence
E. Hoffman, 512 Roland St., Canton, O.
The condition described by Mrs. Hoff-
man will appeal to many, women, yet
lots of sick women struggle on with
their daily tasks disregarding the
urgent warnings until overtaken by
actual collapse. .»
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled, for years she worked side by side
with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and for
sometimes past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year.
DR. MEYERS <Jfc CO.,
.- Specialists for All Diseases of Men.
T T T HKSE SUCCESS-
have the most ezten-
jfSK&9 1 <-^&r \^2 Blve practice and
KrSS^ t s^ largest and best
Kfi^W'i ' equipped medical In-
Jfs£fi47 vina^ stltutlon on the Pa-
y^Kg V^^SS^^^^^v cln ° Coast. They have
{^i<2 r -flgf^Sjvji*!?^* \ such confidence ln
»»«i *&&* K©K thelr ability that
l\»««L' - .■• >r§ they will let the pa-
6 vjftlL 1 iff*. iJfli f.tlent deposit the price
%.v*jSsfc,.| /OnHESs of a cure ln any bank
YiffirSflßSSat it^Wl litwi lV^ l or w ' th any business
SjMtA aKßfttfjP^TT^gjf^ house or newspaper
!%M<?WMs%^>mmf »n Ban Francisco, to
(&W BHulk> 'be P ald t0 them when
Y&Sm \? RsmS&&sBt<? the cure ls effected,
f^jtl^ <\>§S* l li«L<2 or will take monthly
>«y^i "• ~HI installments If the
Established 17 Tears. patient prefers.
Thousands cured at
home. . Advice and private book free. Letters
confidential. DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 Market
St., San Francisco, Cal.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny Street.
STSStf/% THE NEW
istD.y. Hm^J^, ■*I e |B CDC II All
B-tf ioth Day. *b- -^©ir T£ rnkliuflii
YITALIS ""■^•SL-a DCUCnV
. c if s , THK IBOTB 30th Day. IfCIREUIII
RIM I.TS. i . qulck '**?? m°«sNerYoiisnes»,lmpotenc7,m °«sNerYoiisnes»,Impotenc7,
*i,ghtly Enmsion., EvU Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effect
of self-abuse or exc«s and Indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and ratling Memory. Wards off Insanity and Con.um£
tlon Cures when all others fail. Insist on haTin* VITAMd,
no other. Can be carried In the vest pock.t. By mail $1.06
per t.ackar»orslx for C5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
««V "ritSS Money. Circular Pr«. Address -
CALUMET CUR£ CO., 884 Dearborn SU, CWeag*
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. and Oakland,
Af '":'.. -/^ - . YAPHTQ
BOATS.
"> H. ENGELBRECHT, Successor to /
SAN FRANCISCO LAUNCH CO..
■ Continues : the business of the above company
at the same place. < Telephone Red 1571. -_
Corner North Point and Stockton Streets.'
Kl FR V I T A *«»•■« VITALITY
■Sb V ' 'vr> LOST VIGOR, f
j&bfaSga ' ■■ AND MANHOOD
SgSJw' X Cures Impoteacy Night Emissions and wasting
MfV^Pfl dis " ' » u effects of self^abuse, or excess and
• mD indiscretion. , A ner»e4onic and blood^builder.
i V\ W Brings the pink slow to pale cheek* and re-
ii^/ «ores the fire of youth. '■■ By mail 50c per
5™J^5Ev bo *' 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
•'llW^m yi guarantee to cure or refund the money.
■crvita mc4k«! Co., CHnton « Jackson sts., ghkag*.
WALLER BROS.. S3 Grant ave., San Francisco.
Munyon's Headache and IndigestionCure
is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be In every home and
every traveler's •■ rlpsack. At all DruW-
*istB. 26 cures, 25c.
i^^ RUPTURE.
ELvJsfu USE NO MORE IRON
FTIBIMLMSr^ "— or Steel Spring
tJ*VLMy ' . Rupture retained with eass
!^S§V< kr 7? comfort, and thousands radi-
1 , /j&\. •' caI1 ? CURED by ; DR. PIERCE'S
\./& MoKnetlc Elartlo Truss. CTCali at
ofnee or write for New Pamphlet No L
MAGNETIC f ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
20 Market opp. Palace Hotel; San Francisco
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regrularlty. a
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder. FemaU Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 26 cts. a box. At Druggists.
or to* mall. BADWAT & CO.. Ntw Tg£
ADVEBTIfi&MENTS.
Citizens'
Non-Partisan
voting No<
Mayor . JAMES D. PHELAN.. 8
Auditor .. . ASA R. WELLS.. 7
Sheriff ............. THEO. F. BONNET.. '13
Assessor JOHN D. SIEBE.. 11
County Clerk JOHN A. BROWN.. 29
Treasurer ...„ ...L J. TRUMAN.. IS
Tax C011ect0r........... JAMES N. BLOCK..* 17
Surveyor BERNARD BIENENFELD.. 43
Recorder :..... .....MICHAEL MEAOHER.. 17
Superintendent of Streets .„
...RICHARD F. DOOLAN.. El
Coroner ... ...DR. W. J. HAWKINS.. 39
Public Administrator
......... JOHN A. ; DRINKHOUSE.. 43
District Attorney BARCLAY HENLEY.. 8S
City and County Attorney ...,
FRANKLIN K. LANK.. IT
Superintendent of Publlo Schools ............
...... ......*....... R. H. WEBSTER.. E8
Judge of the Superior Court ..............
W. T. WALLACE.. 68
Judge of the Superior C0urt.............
t," ....JAMES M. TROUTT.. «7
fudge of the Superior. Court.....
.......JAMES M. SEAWELL.. M
Judge of the Superior Court..
..RHODES BORDEN.. 60
Judge of the Police Court.CHAS. A. LOW.. 71
Judge of the Police C0urt........;.. ;, :
WILLIAM G. BURKE.. 73
Judge of the Police Court. ,
•••-■.
......H. L. JOACHIMSEN.. 77
Judge of the Police Court
FINLAY COOK.. 75
Justice of the Peace 1...
..GEORGE H. CABANISS.. 87
Justice of the Peace.. THOMAS F. DUNN.. M
Jostle* of the Peace
FRANK H. KERRIGAN.. M
Justice of the .ALFRED J. FRITZ.. W j
■ ;
Justice of the Peace
• HULL McCLAUGHRY.. M
Supervisor of the First Ward
......:. .EDWARD HOLLAND.. 102
Supervisor of the Second Ward..........
■ ■ - .
...................STEWART MENZD23.. 108
Supervisor of the Third Ward.. «
LOUS DE F. BARTLBTT.. 110
Supervisor of the Fourth Ward.......
OSGOOD PUTNAM., 116
Supervisor of the Fifth; Ward........"....... -j
'• .................... ISIDOR GUTTE.. 119
Supervisor of the Sixth .Ward.................
.............."....;,... JOHN- LACKMAN.. 123*
Supervisor of the Seventh Ward....... ......
~...........\L. F. BYINGTON.. 116
Supervisor of the Eighth Ward.....
.......".; JULIUS PLATSHEK.. 181
Buperrisor of the Ninth Ward
ALBERT HEYER.. 135
Supervisor of the Tenth Ward
JEREMIAH DEASY.. 138
Supervisor of the Eleventh Ward............
... -...DR. C. A. CLINTON.. 143
Supervisor of the Twelfth Ward ........i
• • .......P. F. BUTLER.. 147 (
School Director BENJAMIN ARMER.. 150 i
School Director.... CHARLES P. . EELLS.. 164 '
School Director TIMOTHY J. LYONS.. 175 I
School Director....... ALFRED EICHLER.. 165 J
School Director ..H. U. BRANDENSTEIN.. 158
School Director... WlLLlAM M. CANNON.. 158 j
School Director... VANDERLYNN STOW.. 186
School Director ;..".... H. M. , HOLBROOK.. 170 !
School Director W. G. STAFFORD.. 185 I
School Director......^. ..EDWIN L. HEAD.. 168
School Director P. A. . BERGEROT. . 152 j
School Director JAMES M. THOMAS.. 188
~ ■ . State. .
Ticket No. I
State Board of Equalization, First District ;
............(Indorsed) JOHN P. DUNN.. 61 '
' CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE.
By GEO. K. FITCH, Chairman.
I. T. MILLIE EN. Secretary.
ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
X Special tot cures Private, Nervous, and Blood
eases of Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, Over 20 y'rn' experience. 1
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hour»9
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free sacredly confidential. Call.or address. j
] :..'.'♦ p. roscoe McNULTY, m. d., .
26^ Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
OA/.T.HESS,
- NOTARY POBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW '
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, 5 ! Claus S- ; kels Bldg.
> Telephone Brown 831.
j Residence, • 811 California at., below PoweU.
San ■ Francisco. -...■■,- ;■..<.. -: -■.-:;■./■-■.:• ..-: I
RAILROAD TBAVXL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.!
*■ "-■c ii:;;":-:'-:;vi i :;;":-:'-:;v Via Saoaallto Ferry. ;'; ' - : -■ ' S! ■
FROM SAN j I'KAjN CISCO iTO ill Li. V AJULEY
' ,^ AND SAN RAFAEL.
-WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, a. m.: «l:4l
8:45, 6:15, *6:00, 1:30 p. m. -' -'■■' - :
EXTRA : TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, -•10:00, "11:80 -~ a. m.; 1:0. i
8:00, *4:30. 8:15 p. m. ".;/?- ->- i > "^
-t Trains marked • run to San Quentln. '-'-
FROM SAN I RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. »6:35. 7:45,' •»:» a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. »3:45, 5:05 p.* m. '9
• . EXTRA - TRIPS -on c Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. • -■■ »^y ff "> r '"«iajMum '» -
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *10:00. >11 a. m.- I
.1:15. 4:40. »6:20 p.m.-— ' „
• Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO'
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:45. . 7:55. »:40 a. m. •
12:35. = 2:45, 3:50, 6:20 p. m. - "
rr EXTRA : TRIPS ■on Mondays. . Wednesdays : :
and Saturdays at. 7:00 p. m. : ■ - t ■ . .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. l(H05 a. m. ; 13:06. 1:20. !:»».
t:M. *:20 p. m.-- --• ■•.; •■ .'-./^
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:10 a. m.week days Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— ■ Mills : and ■ way
--■ stations. -...-..■■»•-■'••■*'-.-'!>■ ■ -"i x\: ■-./--•. ■
I*o a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way Ma's,
MOUNT TAIIALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
--■ '• \.r '■ '• " (Vla'-aausaUio Ferry.) -. - '..
s ■ Leave > San ■ Francisco, ? commencing Sunday
Sept. U. 1898: -- - ;-v> •: ,»■ ,■ • ■ ' -- •:■. -
; Week Days— a. m.. 1:»5 p.m.
f,s Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. ... 1:15 p. m. -
"ii ßound trip from Mill Valley, SI. : r-'.rr---{ '
£j THOS. COOK '. & BON, Agents, 6il Karksi
street. Baa Frandico, - ,
BAZLBOAS TRAVEL. '; '■'■■ : '_
•wiitukbiv r*tiric COOTTAirr.
_ •/•".'. t. "',-' (PACIFIC BYMTBM.) . ":. ■'-,
Trail* *lestv« it ml are due «o nrrlv* at
•-.:•■>••. NAN I'II4!«I'IM<». ;
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
liati f —;' Fsoif Nov. 3, 1898. ; — arkitb
•O:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... f ******* •
■ 7:00 a Benioia, Suisun and Sacramento. . .'.' I©:43a :
■- 7 too a MaryßTille, OroTiUe and Redding »1» ■ ._
K * ,^;v .-. Woodland ....................::..;- j* l *'*
* 7:00a. Elmir*. Vacaville and Ramsey.. . . . . 8x43 P
'• 7:8« a Martinez, San Ramon, Yaliejo, Napa, ■ - ■
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa •«« *'
• 0:OOa Atlantic ILxpresa, Ogcleu and Hast. . Si*3»
' SiSttA San Jose, Htucktun, Valley Spring,
. lone. •■■ Sacramento, Marysriile, •"" ■" ■'_ -■■■'
Chico. Tehama and Red Itluff.... *'l r
: StSO a Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown..; Z. r
•»:80a Mi1t0n.. ....:...................... ■.:■ •7«1B»
9:OUa Martinet, Tracy, Latbrop, Merced ■■■■_"• _
• ■.. .-,.-. ■; . • . , and Fresno. ". . . .. *»**•*
•t««A Fresno, BakersOeJd. Santa Barbara.
■•.-; Los - Angeles, Dealing, . El Paso,
New Orleans and East. .*.'. ; . . .... . «|4«F
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar- v-
Unas s**s*
,: 1 OiOOa Vallejo. Martinei and Way Station* < •*&*
•l:OOp Sacramento Uifer Steamers ....:..r!_ 1 ! 'IU r
; 1 :OOp NUes. San Jose and Way Stations ... r«.43 a
.. San Jose, Nilea and Way Stations... JUsI3A
2:OOp Niles, Tracy, Mendota, Hanford and 1 . ' ■
■• Vtaalla..... • • 4:13»
:....... LJvermore, San Jose, Niles and Way -
St»tidns ttOiMA.
• 4toop Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
: Niipa, Callstoea, Kl Verauo and - m
Santa Uosa •iI»A -
4ioor ßenicia, VaoaTille, Woodland,
. Knights Landing, MarysYUle, Oro- _
- Tllle and Sacrnine.ito.. ........... I * : ** A
4iBop Haywards, Niles and San J05e...... 7t4»A
SiOVr Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
;. Mojaye,' Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles «|4»A
SiOOp Santa Ke Route. Atlantic Kxpress ,_ '•■•
for Mojare and Kast  «:«P
V*'**T - Pacific Coast Limited," El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St..
Louii, Chicago and East.. " |oi*a»
SiSOp Niles, San Jo«e, Tracy, iAthrop, !.
Merced and Fre5n0.......... JS£S VJ
BtSOp Stockton.. ......;;............. l«Jl»P
0i»Op Kunipeaii Mali, Ogden and Kast.... »«f »A
•a.OOp Vallejo... ." ia:lBP
J7»oOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way eta- .„ r ''
■::. .•-"■-■;•• ti0n5.!..........................V.. :Bi43f
'. S<*Op Oregon Kxpreas, Sacramento, Marys-
Title, Holding, fortlaml, I'nget
5..H1..1 anil Bast Siltta,
SAX LKAMHCO AMI II AY WARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) -■
_ 1 HelroN«, Setuinurr Park, f _ ii.
l'o.'Kt *» l"«n«lr«. South Saa «!» «*
<11:OOa Ls»ndro,A;t.dlllo, l«:4»p
jia:«OM ' : I^>ren«o, Cherry • • i:4sp
<l«00p and }»>4^p
li:00p - Ifajwartl*. t3:-15p
?:00p i Bans through to Niles. 7i4Sp
■ ) t From Nlleg. : \ ■■'■■>•:;-•:
COAST 111 VISION (Narrow tiiuige).
__^ - ■. ■- (Foot of Market Street.)
8:13a. Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, »1 ton,
• . Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Bis©»
•8»I3p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations. . .....; «lOj3O*
4ilSp Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos. . . 9:30a
11i43p Hunters" Excursion, San Jose and ■
: v Way SUtions... t?s2O»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroaSU raiHClSCO— rc»t «f M>rk.t Street (Slip 8)-
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.m. ■ Jl:00 •3:00 t3:M
•«:M . J8:00 ' »B:oop.ii.
From OUUKD— FooI of Broad w*j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 k.u.
*12:00 *l:00 t8:00 "3:00 tl:00 # O:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Towngeml SU)
7>OOa Bau Jose and W»y SUtUms (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) J:30»
9iOOa Bau Joset Tre« l'iuos, Hanta Crux, .
Pacilie (irore, Paso Rubles, San
••■■ I.uis ()l>lspo, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations .......... 4tlof
, I*i4Oa SauJoseand Way SUtions.... •SxOOj :
1 1:30a San Jose aud Way Stations ....... 8x834
•7:16 9:00 11:00a.m. 11:03 *2:Q9 }3:04
M:00 tS:OO •6:00p.M.
•mOtlUID— Fo«t orßrtadwtj.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
tI2:00 *l:00 t3:00 *3:00 ti:3o *0:00p.M.
COAST IMVIMO.N (Broad «*upe).
(Third and Towngend Sto.)
7:OOa San Jam and Way SUti..ns (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:301
BiOOa Sail J»s«x Tres l'iuos, Snnta Cruz,
Pacilic Nrore. l'aa. ltobles, «au
?,uis ol.lspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10i
I«i4Oa San Jose and Way KUtinns »BiOO4
11:30a San Jose and Way Stations 8:834
•ax4SpS»n Mat™, Redwood, Menlo Par*.
.. Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
!j Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey aud Pacific
Grove •l«:3«i
'»: 3»p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5...... .... »Oi«Oj
>4:inp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:48j
'SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:3.} j
Bx3Or .True and Principal Way Stations 5:30i
6:!«0p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30j
l»4Bp San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7»»0l
"-»■' , A for Morning. • P for Afternoon. •«••::/•,
- * windays ezeepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
M-mdays and Thursdays. § Saturdays and Wednesday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
. LESSEE
«AI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
v Stow Firry. Fwt «f Mario* Sfc
2; ii «« M * « :20 «, P- 2- Thursday trip
ml* llV* m ' S*tur«lay»— Kxtr* trip. »t lU»t'
6 V.^P A^S-8-00. 9M. JIM rn.rn.ilM. tin.
C.'JU, 91J0 p. IH.
i«' B i lo^ £• v™^ Saturday*— Extra . trip, at
i:oo ana 6:85 p. ns.
B VSP^ I£P~1 £P~* :1 * 9:4a> U:M •■ :*-> I: <* * :4 *-
b<w, o;zo p. m.
■a^2^^fi an **** cl **> «a« Bchuetxea Park
Bum ecneonla as abcve. . - ■■
Leave •.-■•;• •■■.- -•... ■. •■ ■ . Arrive """■ ■
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■—■ — - — October 18,' ■
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- : Week
Day*, days. Destination. days. Day*.
T:Manj 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40 ant
1:80 pm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:23am
800pm 6:00 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
. „ Pnlton, / -
T:«oam Windsor, 10:15 am
. : ' , Eealdsburs.
; - Lytton,
! Oeyserville,
1:80pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:Mpn«
-.. ■' Hopland and '
T :80 am 8 :00 am Uklah. 7:36 pm 6:Hpm
7 :80 am io-a««.n«
- ': 8:00 am QuernevUle. 7:85 pm * aB
>:B °P - : - -■ - .-''-"-• -■■■■ ______ «:apa
7:Boam 8:00am Sonoma 10:40am B:4oam
■ ■ ■ and ■ *
6:10 6:00 Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:J3 p:a
7:30 am 8:00 am ■ SebastopoL 10:40 am 10 «am
B:3opm B:00pm I 7:3sp^| 6 :5 pS
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«»r
Springs ; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
pervllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs!
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. , CaVlsrSd
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witt*
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley ■■
John Day's, Riverside. Lierleys, Bucknell'V '
Banhedrin Heights, Hullvtlle. BooneviUe OrVi
Hot v Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bra«r»>
Westport, . Usal, Willitts. Laytonville Cum*
Ming's, Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's' Dyer -
Bcotia and Eureka. • . "jot. '
- Saturday *to Monday round trip ; tickets a±
reduced rates. , ■ . ■. "•
On ■ Sundays round trip tickets to all oolBt«
beyond San Rafael at half rates. »«•»■
Ticket Offices, 660 Market st.. Chronicle bid*
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN -
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following" Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING ' CARS, r BUFFET CAR. Ob- '
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Ul FRANCISCO TIMETIFFiCE— HI MARKET ST,
s TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
3akland Office— Broadway.
" Sacramento Offioa— J Street.
:•; San " Jose Office— 7 West , Santa Olara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIi
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10. im., trains will run as follows: ■
;■ South-bound. y, North-bound. '■■
P en " Mixed. *■' Mixed. IPassen- J
«er. Sunday ; Station^:, Bunday«r ; /
P«»y- Exc'ptd Station*. Kxc'ptd[ Daily.
,? : am J :^ am Stockton 5 3:45pm 7:oopm
U :loam 12:50pm ? Merced 12:60pm s:Upra
11:40 pm 4:ir.pm Fresno ;, 9:30 am 3:45 pS
I:3B pm 6 :45pm s Hanford 7:45 am 2 :4»p£
4:25pm 11:59pm Bakersfleld 2:30 am 12:10 pn» »• =
l:&Spm( 7:sopm -. Vlsalia ;; J 6:4o am | 2:80 pia
Stopping at Intermediate points as required "
Connections— At Stockton with steamboat* ot •
California Navigation and; improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at; 6 p. m., daily,
excepting , Sunday, ; and Stockton at ; 7:15 p. iT
.-, For ' stage ■■ connections see official time table
or Inquire at Traffic Managers Office 331 Mar-
ket street. Ban Francisco. . •-.__■. ■ < -
iB Gisivso;iiiLOTTIE M WAS
THE WINNER
AT INGLESIDE
The Courses Were
Very Exciting.
SHORT ENDS NOT FAVORED
MOONDYNE AND PATRIA BEAT
EN BY LAS FALMAb.
'Xhe Crowd "Was the Largest in the
History of the Park — Betting
Good in Ail the
Boxes.
One of the grandest meetings ever held
In an inclosed field took place yesterday
at the Ingrleside Coursing Park. The at
tendance was above the average, there
being nearly 7000 people present. The
Ehortenders again had a bad day of It,
but when a phot did win it was attended
by such good odds that those whose
game it is to pick the shorteniers had a
good chance to pull even on the day.
The bitch Las Palmas beat Moondyne at
8 to 1, and repeated the same trick by
displacing Patria on the bills at 5 to L
Coursing has its disappointments and
its surprises. This was never more clear
ly depicted than when three favorites,
Patria Moondyne and Prince Hal, among
■whom the stake money was supposed to
fall went out one after another, having
been discounted by dogs that wore hard
ly recognized in the betting ring. Los
Palmas sailed to the front by beating
Sloondyne in the first round, and by put
ting out Patria In the third. Moondyne
ID S to 1 favorite, and led off by
a lengths. After making the first
turn he kicked up considerable dust and
me lost in it. Before he could re
cover himself Las Palmas had gained pos
n of the hare, taking thrte turns
snd making the kill. The score was 4
■
Prince Hal lost the hare in the course
with Mind Your Eye, and as the latter
dog haJ scored the better up to the time
ccurred he secured the decision, Ij\
tst round of the all-age stake Mind
lour Kye and Lottie M were the con
testants. Mind Your Eve worked well.
but her rival was too clever for her, and
?Iter a short but exciting chase was given
he first prise.
The dogs of the A B Kennels have
been ruled off the track. They ar^
Island Boy, Irma, Victor King and four
other saplings. When Volunteer ran Vic
tor King in the fourth round of the puppy
Btake no decision was given and the owner
of the kennela reQutsteu to draw his
dog, giving as a reason that he was fa
tigued. As a matter of fact the dogs
va.s no further gone than his opponent
and the fieldkeeper refused to grant the
request. The owner of the dog protested
st the ruling of the racing people,
off his animal, and, in consequence,
big entire kennel has been barred from
further coursing. The manag.-rs of In
gleside have proposed for the public a
square deal, and they will see that it geta
It. The results were as follows:
Puppy stake— .T. Rally's Xonparlel beat
Billon & Reilly's Get There; Dillon & Reilly's
Volunteer beat J. Shea's Young America; J.
Murnane's Wolfe Tone beat Ford & Duffy's
Chief of Hill; A & B Kennels' Victor King- beat
J. Farley's Mystic; Dillon & Reilly's Black
Hawk beat W. Sweeney's Nancy Lee; Arab
ran a bye.
Second Volunteer beat Nonparlel;
Victor Kin? beat Wolfe Tone; Black Hawk
beat Arab; Victor King withdrawn, Volunteer
given decision; Black Hawk ran a bye.
Final — Hawk beat Volunteer.
All-age stake— H. R. Baldwin's Forget beat
F. Mcran's Flying Faster; P. .1. G. Kenna's
Mlra Monte beat D. Cronin's Swinnerton; J.
Shea's Rathbone beat John Eagan's May
Flower; F. Moran's Golden Russet beat H.
McNett's Sportsman; Bartel Bros.' Mao's Mel
ody beat P. J. G. Kenna's Sky ball: Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal beat S. E. Portal's
Laurel-wood H; A at B Kennels' Irma beat
O'Connell Bros.' Log Boy; Bartel Bros.' Mind
Your Eye beat S. Hooper's Bendalon*; P.
Brophy's Benicia Boy beat T. F. Logan's Mis?
Grizzle; X&lly & Morley's "White Diamond
beat F. Moran's Van Kirk; R. Julian's Sweet
Music b«;at Bartel Bros.' Ben Hur; H. A.
Deckelman's Royal Oak beat James Byrne's
Seminole; Lowe & Thompson's Patrla beat
O'Connell Bros.' SenoJita: Penelope Kennels'
Las Palmas beat .7. Dean's Moondyne II;
White Earth Kennels' Lottie M beat P. O'Don
nell's Counterfeit; D. Ford's Bonita. beat P.
J. G. Kenna's Kocklln Belle.
Second round— Mlra Monte beat Forget;
Golden Russet beat Rathbone; Prince Hal beat
Mac's Melody; Mind Tour Eye beat Irma;
"White Diamond beat Benlcia Boy; Royal Oak
boat Sweet Music; Las Palmas beat Patria
and Lottie M beat B nlta.
Third round— Mlra Mont* beat Golden Russet;
Mind Your Eye beat Princa Hal; Royal Oak
beat White Diamond and Lottie M beat Las
Palmas.
rth round— Mind Tour Eye beat Mira
Monte and Lottie M beat Royal Oak.
Final— Lottie M beat Mind Tour Eye.
IDA AGAIN A WINNER.
Bhe Captured the Open Stake at the
Union Coursing Park Yesterday.
Ida. the clever and fleet hound owned
by Handy & Smith, captured the open
etakes at the Union Coursing Park yes
terday, ard old Vigilante, th© veteran of
coursing' parks, -was runner up. The Cal
ifornia purse was won by Van Cloie, and
.7lld Tralee secured the- puppy stake.
A pretty ceremony was enacted at the i
park yesterday afternoon when the vie- !
torious dogs of th© Interstate coursing !
meet at Merced last week were trium
phantly decorated with ribbons. Nat Hat
ton presented the ribbons to the dog
owners. The results of yesterday's cours
ing were as follows:
Open stake, first round — D. J. Healer's Rusty
•at J. Monkhouse's Breach of Promise;
Handy & Smith's Ida boat Pembroke Kennels' |
Jjy Belle; Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen
beat T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee; H. Weber's
Montana beat Yoeemite Kennels' Bad Shot; A.
llassey'B Hadiwlst ran a bye. Green Vallej
Maid withdrawn; T. Butler's Susie beat George
FiuTeil'B Tarara; F. Moran's Snap Shot beat
Max Heriog's Little Delight; Pembroke Ken
nels' Sylvanus beat F. McCarthy's Roeebud;
J. J. Edwards' Morning Glory beat F. Moran's
Royal Prize; Eclipse Kennels' Eclipse beat J.
I'lsani's Monto; E-. & E. Kennels' Vigilant beat
Daniel Kaher"s Belle of Moscow.
Second round— lda beat Rusty Gold; Victor
Queen beat Montana; Hadiwlst beat Susie;
Fnap Shot beat Sylvanus; Diana beat Morning
Giory; Vigilant b»at Eclipse.
Third round — Ida beat Victor Queen; Hadl
■wist beat Snap Shot; Vigilant beat. Diana.
Fourth round— lda beat Hadiwist; Vigilant
.ran a T>ye.
Final— lda beat Vigilant.
California purse, third round — M. Nealon't
Van Cloie beat Curtis & Son's Commodore; A.
Maasey's Llghtfoot beat Euohre Kennel?" Left
; M. Kealon's Van Knapp ran a bye.
Fourth round — Van Cloie beat Van Knapp; i
Light foot ran a bye.
Final— Van Cloie beat Ughtfoot.
California plate, final— Thornhill beat Way
farer.
Punpy stake, third round— F. A. McOomb's
Flush beet F. Moran's Bit of Fashion; T. J.
Cronln's Wild Traleo beat J. SeggersoD's Gold
Final— Wild Trale« beat Fltuh.
Mountain Belle Won.
LOB ANOELBB, Nov. 6.— Fully 2500 peo
ple were in attendance at the coursing at
Agricultural Park to-day. The sport was
good from start to finish, and although
there were several close finishes the work
of Judge John Grace Jr. gave satisfaction.
It was a thirty-two-dog stake for a purse
of $150. Mountain Belle won first money,
Queen Kelp (.a new dog) second, Llllle
third; tho rest divided
SHELL MOUND RANGE.
Why the Naval Militia Boys Could
Not Make Good Scores.
There were three riile shooting organi
zations on the Shell Mound range yester
day, and the light and wind being good
and favorable the marksmen enjoyed
themselves. N T o very remarkable scores
were made, although the conditions were
the best for fine work. There was a fair
attendance at the monthly class medal
<tad bulisey* shoot oX the Deutscherj
Krieger Verein. The scores on the first.
German ring target, 20 6hots, stood as
follows: -
Champion class, C. Weggemann, 841 rings;
first class, F. Kaiser, 291; second class J. Ben
del, 291; third class, O. Meyer, 179; best first
shot, O. I'amraer, 21; best last shot, C. Meyer,
21; most bullseyes, George Hetzel.
Bullseye match for cast) prizes, machine
measurement— First, X. Silberzahn. 1100 points;
second. F. Kaiser, 1106; third, J. Bender. 1413;
fourth, C. Weggemann, 1494; fifth, C. Meyer,
2251.
The members of the Independent Rifles
held their monthly class medal shoot, ten
shots on the Blunt military target. An
nexed are the scores ma
Corporal J. A. Stang, IT; Frank Schnhay, 30;
O. kp'.lontierser, 16: Corporal T. Schonlg, 3T;
' <;. Mitchell, 43; C. OHborson, 81; W.
Uiulecker, 16; Sorgpant C. Schneider. 32; Ser
-. 3S.
monthly medal shoot of the First
and S ;ond divisions of the Naval Militia
brought out but nine shooters, and as a
whole their scores were not up to the
average. There was a most excellent rea
son for poor shooting. The buys were not
in condition, but few of them having had
any Bleep the night before. Among their
former comrades was one named J. V.
Ounrr.ore. formerly of the First Division.
When Uncle Sam called for men to go to
Manila Imnmore was among the first 10
enlist, entering Company B, First Cali
fornia Infantry. In the battle before
Manila this young soldier was among
those who were cut down by Spanish bul
lets. He left a widowed mother, who was
deprived of her main support in the death
of her boy.
Dunmore's old friends of the Naval Mili
tia decided to help the mother of their i
comrade, and on Saturday night a benefit I
was given for her by them. It took place i
in the armory on Page and Gough streets
and proved a success In every particular.
The Naval boys stayed out all night, and
that was the reason they could not shoot
any better. Their scores stood as follows:
M.-Kee, 25; Burns, 36; Lindecker, X; Quinlan.
31; Paris, S3; Bob, 80; Bauer. 29; Harris, 39.
A notice posted yesterday on the Shell
Mound range was to tho effect that the
old San Francisco Fusileers will be re
organized next Thursday evening-. The
organized twenty-seven
years ago, and for many years it has been
in the National Guard, under the name
of Company 1. First Infantry. < aptaln
L. Siebe was among the first captains to
command the boys of the company, and
the late Captain KiohUT, who met his
death In Manila, was the last command- i
EBcer. The late war broke up the (
company, nearly all of the younger mem- j
bers volunteering into the regular army.
The decision to reorganize the National
Guard made the perpetuation of the
Fusileers possibl< . Last Wednesday even-
Ing the membei neflt fund asso
of 'lif Fusileerß met and took
steps toward putting the company on Its
-a in.
Among thop*» who signified their inten
tion of going back into the old body are |
nine of the charter members who i
t the Fusileers Into existence
twenty-seven years ago. They are Cap
. Siebe. John Hause, E. Sohoenfeld,
11 Paulson, P>. Behrenß, O. Thierbach, D.
Dunker, William Alt's and John D. Siebe.
A committee consisting of Captain L.
John C. Rineer and Sergeant Cor
coran was appointed to attend to the work
of organization. A meeting will be held
next Thursday evening to receive signa
tures.
WELL SELECTED FIELDS
AT OAKLAND TO-DAY
THORPE AND RTTTTER DOING
FAR THE BEST WORK.
Doss & Co. Lose the Fast Sprinter
Enchanter — Dan Honig Gets In
From St. Louis — Probable
Winners.
The racing game sailed along on an
even keel all last week over at Oakland,
but there Is a noticeable lack of some
thing—enthusiasm • or coin. Nobody
could enthuse over the riding tal
ent. Charley Thorpe of courte Is the
same "grrand old man" of the sad
dle, and Rutter, too, the hustling Chicago
boy, is doirfg: good work. The latter rides
with a dash and vim that might serve as
a good example to the lesser lights. But
these two riders cannot support the bur
den alone, and the advent of "Skeets"
Martin, Turner, Spencer and possibly
Clawson will be welcomed by all. The
■port itself has so far borne a clean and
healthy appearance, and few complaints
have been heard on that score.
Ferguson's starting has been good. If
he will continue in the same notch the
gentleman from Kentucky can look for
110 adverse criticism. Now and then
Thorpe slides down the toboggan with
considerable gusto that does not please
the backers of some of the other starters,
and if Charley would accept an even
break the lion and the lamb would un
doubtedly breakfast together in the
morning.
So far Thorpe and Rutter lead their '
brother jockeys, with considerable to I
spare, as the following table will show:
! Jockeys— Mounts. Ist. 2d. Sd.Unpl.
Thorpe" 24 11 5 1 7
I Rutter 2S 6 9 6 7
Mkr. tt 17 4 3 2 8 ;
-420 1 1 !
! Gray 13 3 1 2 9 <
! Hennessy 13 2 6 5 1
| J. Relff 6 10 0 5
I Powell 6 10 2 3
Pevin 16 1 1 2 12
Garrigan 8 10 16
Houck 6 1113
! Woods 7 110 6
P. Sullivan 3 1 0 0 2
Frawley, Gouln, Holmes, Wilson and O'Nell
I have aiso been seen In the saddle, but to no
advantage.
Dan Honig is once more with us. The
astute St. Louis man dropped in from St.
Louis Saturday night, diamonds and all,
but reports a bad season. Dan's friends \
\ are inclined to say this latter habit is
chronic with him, and notwithstanding
which he continues buying vacant sand
lots and quantities of red brick.
Louis Ezf.ll did not bring Paul Kauvar
out with his stable. Instead he filled up
the vacancy with Robert Bonner, a shifty
mud horse.
Doss & Co. are unfortunate. On the way
across the continent Enchanter was taken
sick and was dropped off at Ogden. A
wire received Saturday stated the ani
mal was dead. He was a very fast sprint
er, capable of running six furlongs In 1:13 j
flat, and probably the best horse in the
stable. . ..
"Kid" Weller, the plunger, and his sta
ble jockey. Turner, will arrive here dur
ing the coming week.
Following are the entries for to-day:
First Race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds and up.
156 Zarro 109 159 Bliss Ruck«r ..103
173 Magnus 100 155 Don Luis K>o
168 Alvero 109 1 171 R<?d Glenn 109
165 Fleming U>o 171 Hernardlllo 109
159 Coda !<"■* 1"3 Inverary II ....100
Second Race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds.
146 Rainier US 167 Rio Chico 110
145 Relna de Cuba.,los 157 Majrdalena* 115
174 Petal l^S 157 Ho rt on Us
174 Llmewater 10* 184 Stone L 100
174 Rey Hooker IM 157 St. Kristin* ...95
167 Clarando 105
Third Race— One and a sixteenth mile*; three
year-olds and up.
(170)Rey del Tierra.los! (16«)Morinel .93
146 Moringft 83) 176 Imp Mistral 11.105
Fourth Race— Six furlong*: ■ellln»; two-year
olds.
ir,7 Candale 101 169 Hemera 107
1f,7 Headwater 100 (144) Obsidian 105
(lS4)Cro3sinollna .... 99
Fifth Race— «lx furlongs; selling:; three-year
olds and up.
135 Kaieer Ludwiß.-HJ! 143 Spry Lark 109
171 Ma.nzan!lla 109 1 IJB Ros« Maid 104
170 Tenrlra 10 * IGS Whitcomb 103
14S Juanlta 109 139 Pat Murphy ...109
.. Al Koran 107 173 Joe L*vy 104
Captive 112 163 Majesty 104
16*8 Queen Nubia ...l0» ... Colonel Dan 107
95 Roulette Wheel.. lo4
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAT.
First Race— Bernardino, Red Glenn, In-
Second Race— Horton, Masd&lenao. Rio Chico,
Third Race— Morinel, R«y del Tlerra, Mor-
Fourth Race — Obsidian, Headwater, Hemera,
Fifth Race— Whitcornb, Colonel Dan, Captiva.
At Glen Park.
There was a large attendance at Glen
Park yesterday. The wrestling: match be
tween Joe Gilsen and Ed Wells was won
by the former. The rope walk was made
by Professor Williams, but the ballo6n
ascension did not take place, owing to the
fact that too strong a wind was blowing.
This pretty park has become one of the
standard attractions of the city.
Do not forget that the nation
expects California to stand with
the President and to elect a Re
publican to the United States
Senate.
THE SAJZ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1898.
FATHER YORKE
SAYS GOOD-BY
TO HIS FLOCK
Pathetic Leave-Tak
ing at the Cathedral.
TEARS FOR THOSE HE LOVES
HE ASKS ALL PRESENT TO PBAY
IN HIS BEHALF.
Reviews His Career as a Priest of
St. Mary's Cathedral — The
Time of His De
parture.
At the 8 o'clock mass in St. Mary's
Cathedral yesterday morning Father
Yorke took leave of the parishioners who
attended the last mass to be said by him
In public In this city, probably for a year
and possibly for many years to come, i
Although it was not previously announced j
that he would bid his people and friendd
good-by the church was crowded.
In taking leave of those whom he loved
and those who loved him, the eloquent
and fearless orator, who stood time after
time up the rostrum or in the pulpit
to guide, warn and lead his people by
good and sturdy advice to victory, for
once lost the power of self-control and
broke down and wept before the faithful
Catholics whom he has taught and scold
ed, but always loved.
Immediately after the last gospel Father
Yorke announced his intention of setting
aside the usual short sermon that he
might avail himself of the opportunity to
say good-by before his departure abroad.
His address included a review of his
career in the priesthood. He endeavored
m carry those present who knew him
when he first came to this coast, back
over a period of twelve years to the time
when he first appeared at Old St. Mary's
Cathedra] as an ordained priest of the
Catholic church.
In reviewing his life he touched upon
a tie of friendship and love that end<-d In
a burst of pathos and emotion which
those who attended this last mass of
Father Yorke will long remember.
He, as he said, was about to go abroad
for his health which Is undoubtedly fail
ing. When he will return he did not say;
but asked those present to pray for him.
The exact date of departure is not defi
nitely known, but it is expected that he
will leave about the middle of the present
week.
It is rumored that on his way East he
will deliver a lecture at Los Angeles.
ELECTION SIGNALS.
Watch for election return
signals from the dome of The
Call building. The signal
code will be published to
morrow morning.
BODY ON THE BEACH.
Too Many Cases at the l_orgue for
the Officials to Attend To.
The body of an unknown man was
found on the Ocean boulevard about a
mile below the Cliff ■ House yesterday
morning by John C. Talbot and J. C. Tal
bot, brothers, residing at £17 Eddy street.
Deputy Coroner Tyrrell removed the body
to the Morgue.
Deceased was about 40 years of age and
was about 5 feet 8 inches in height. He
had black hair, dark mustache and was
dressed in a black diagonal suit, soft
shirt, black necktie and gaiter shoes, liy
his side was found an empty flask and in
his pocket an empty purse.
Three cases for the Morgue were dis
covered about the same time. Coroner
\V. J. Hawkin's deputies had but one
wagon, and could not handle all the cases
at once. An effort was made to manufac
ture political capital out of the matter,
interested persons claiming the deputies
were doing politics instead of attending to
their duties. At the time Deputy Tyrrell
was at the beach, and Deputy Joseph Mc-
Curmick had to secure outside wagons to
handle the two cases downtown.
Captain Freese a Surprise.
The headway made by Captain
Freese for Public Administrator in
forging to the front within the last
week has been the surprise and ad-
miration of his friends. Every Inde
pendent voter speaks of putting Freese
lon his ballot. Fretse's election means
I that a first-class man need not truckle
jto a boss. Freese is no man's man.
HOSPITAL SUNDAY.
Many Collections Made Yesterday to
Aid in Establishing l"ree Beds
in Hospitals.
In commemoration of All Souls' day,
November 2, and In accordance with a
custom prevailing in many Eastern and
European cities, a collection was taken
up In the Protestant churches yesterday
in aid of the Saturday and Sunday Hos
pital Association, organized last year for
the purpose of providing free beds in such
of the city's hospitals as might become
members.
Collections will be made this year about
Thanksgiving time, in addition to which
the association will receive not only the
collections made yesterday in the Protes
tant churches but the collections .tiade
day before yr-sterday (Hospital Saturday)
in the Jewish synagogues. The receipts
from these various sources bid fair to < n
able the association to greatly enlarge its
field of usefulness.
"He has done good work as Assessor
and deserves re-election," said the Ex
aminer, editorially, four years ago of
John D. Siebe. His record the past four
years surpasses that of his former term.
He is the best Assessor the city ever
had. Vote for him. Voting number 11.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Theodore J. Rouse to Louis Friedlander, lot
on X line of Jackson streot, 111 W of Devlsa
dero street, W 26:6 by N 100; $10.
Frederick B. and Signe M. Hultlng to Henry
Kahn, ' lot on E line of Dolores street, 163:8
got Fifteenth, N 100, B W. 8 94:4, E 16, SE
5:9%, W 166:1%: $10.
Ira R. and James H. Dootittle. Walter D. and
Mary A. Burke to St. Nicholas Laundry Com
pany, lot on/ N line of Seventeenth street, 145
Eof Folsorn, E75 by 100; $4000. .:■■ ■ . • '
Clara S. Anruello et rI, (by commissioner)
to Kalrmount Lo->n Association, lot on W line
of Fair Oaks street. 60 N of Twenty-fifth, N
25 by W 100; $4076.
H. K. and Annie Coffey, .T. E. O'Donnell, . G.
H. Lent (assignee J.J. O'Parrell, Insolvent) by
name to Mission Home and Loon Association,
lot on S\V corner of Twenty-fifth and Hoff
man avenue (Ellen), S 120 by W 80; 5825.
Arthur F. and Mary < Calderon to Madalena
Casassa, lot on N line of Greenwich street," 75
F of W, In 50-vara lot 500 (212:6 E of Stock
ton), N 90 by E 20; pood,
; Henry and Alice Kahn to Frederick B. Hult
lng, lot on E line of Taylor street, 137:6 N of
Eddy, N 25 by E 137:6; $10, •
F. A. Macmahnn (by C. C. Trlpp, attorney) to
Potrero Nuevo Land Company, . all Interest in
1751 d 348. recorded O'<tf>v,or 29," 1897, all inter*
est In estate of John Bensley, quitclaim- deed;
$10. "■ -<■■-■■ .-' ■ • ■ ■ ->-«: <
Potrero Nuevo Land Company, Julia M. and
J. J. Raver, C. C. and Winnie O. Tripp and A.
Everett" Ball to Real Estate and Development
Company, entire ■ Potrero Nuevo block 271, quit
claim deed: $1. ' . • .
Same and Paclflo Land Association to Fred-,
crick Clark, Potrero Nuevo blocks 176, 207, 20»,
231, 232, 286, 242 and 244; $10. .»> . .-...., .:'
United Land Association and C. C. Tripp i to
same, Potrero Nuevo -block* 236, 242/271 and 207,
quitclaim deed; $5. :;. .-."•.■-.• '■■■■ - ... ;
Real : Estate • and Development Company: to
Potrcro Nuevo Land Company, lot on NH cor
ner of Vermont and Twentieth (Napa) streets,
E 200, N 400, W 100, S 16'J:6, W 100, 8 230:6 $6.
John Greenlaw to John 8., Thomas J. and
Mattie J. Greenlaw. lot on B line of Texas
street, ICO N of Solano, N 25 by E 100; gift.
Alice Nelson to Annie Wolf, lot 43, block 10,
City Land Association; $10.
Charles H. and Adelaide C. Hammtt to John
R. H. Smyth, lot on E Una of Evart street,
39:5 N of Tobin, N 89:5 by E 105, lot 13, block
4, Sunnyvale Homestead Association; $10.
J. W. Hoflschnelder to Fred W. Lake, same;
{10.
Alameda County.
Maggie Guldner to A. H. Duncombe. lot on W
line of Chetwood street, 143.96 N of Moss ave
nue, W 44.03, S to N line of Moss avenue, E
44.03, N to beginning, being lot 6, block B,
Stanford Tract, Oakland; $10.
Nellie P. and Albert G. Snetsinger to George
Sterling, lot 3 on map of 34-acre tract of estate
4 of J. B. Wilson, deceased, containing 4.73
acrps, East Oakland; $10.
A. H. Duncombe to Maggie Guidner, lot on
E line of Adeline street, 51 N of Forty-fourth,
N 102. E to E boundary lino of lot 7, block
2105, Alden Tract at Temescal, where It inter
sects the Faid N boundary line, thence S 100.
W 120 to beginning, being lots 7 anJ 8, block
2105, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland An
nex; $lv.
A. A. Fink to Lorenz Jensen, lot 4, block 20,
Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley; $100.
Annie C. Monroe to same, lot on W line of
Spaulding avenue, 202. :0S S of Addlson street,
S 50, \V 129.25, B 53, E 129.25, to beginning, be
ing the N 5.3 feet of lot 9. block 2. Spaulding
Tract, subject to a mortgage for $1800, Berke
ley; $100.
John O'Connell to Frank A. Coxhead. lot on
S line of Ashby avenue, 350 E from W bound
ary line of Claremont Tract, E 50 by S 140,
being- lot 28 block E, Claremont Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Timothy and Annie Ryan to Alexander and
Susie McKay, lot on W line of Campbell street,
2? 50 S of Seward, B 25 by W 91, block 700,
Oakland; $10.
Alonzo T. Ayers to Nellla Ayers, lot on W
line of Jackson street, 73:7H S of Seventh, S
2? by W T6, block C 2, Oakland; $10.
William E. and Mary L Chamberlain to Mlna
Trimmer, lot on SW corner of Magnolia and
\\ e«t Tenth streets. W 133:3 by S 45.62, block
548, subject to mortgage, Oakland; $10.
Mina Trimmer to George W. and Nettie M.
Spencer, same, Oakland; $10.
L. H. Wakefleld and Mary A. Lent (execu
tors estate of Angelina Metzger) to Ernest S.
Angel, lot on NW line of Ninth tfvenue, l<>o SW
East Seventeenth street, SW 25 by NW 100,
block 85, Clinton, East Oakland; $712.
Ernest S. Angel to Daniel Samuels, same,
East Oakland: $625.
William M. Evans to Jonn H. Dleckmar.n, lot
81 block C» Gasklll Tract, Oakland Annex;
$2:0.
William Lange Jr. to Juliet F. Lange, lot on
W line of Chapel street, 330 N of Bancroft way,
N N by W 137:1%, block 5, map of Villa lots
joining the University site on the south, Berke
ley; gift.
E. B. Pond and 11. C. Campbell (trustees for
Clara J. Slater) to George R. Slater, 506 d 2ft,
lot on N line of Carrlson street, 125 E of San
I'ablo avenue, E 60 by N 120, being lot 34.
block C, Carrlson Tract, Berkeley, trustees'
deed; $235.
Mary E. Boardman to California Mutual Sav
ings, Fire, Loan and Building Association, lot
on S line of Woolsey street, 2 r .Q E (if Calais, E
CO by S 135. being lot 16, block E, subdivision
S i'ortl'>n Harnii.ii Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Thomas A. and Allda B. Smith to Theresa A.
Bower?, lot on NW corner of Chestnut street
ami Eagle avenue, N 50 by W 108, block 60.
map i if property of Columbus Bartlett. Ala
mA,!a: $10.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 6, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in past twenty-four hours:
Past 24 Thl3 Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 4.26 4.32
Red Bluff 0 1.11 2.79
Sacramento 0 O.SI 2.14
San Francisco 0 1.92 2.07
Fresno 0 1.14 1.19
San Luis Oblspo 0 0.58 0.86
Los Angeles 0 0.11 2.47
San Diego 0 8.0 l 1.07
Yuma 0 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
71; minimum, 66; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has generally fallen over th«
Pacific Slope during the past twenty-four
hours. The storm which waa off the Wash
ington coast last night has moved eastward
and is now central in Northern Montana.
The weather Is cloudy over the northern
portion of the Pacific States and clear over
the southern half.
The following high winds are reported: Fort
Canby, 34 miles per hour from th^ west; Spo
kane, 28 southwest: Idaho Falls, 36 southwest;
Lander, 42 west: Salt Lake City, 26 south. Car
son City, 28 south; Point P.eyes Light, 59
northwest and Mount Tamalpale. 50 northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending mldnlcbt, November 7, 18!>8:
Northern California — Partly cloudy; cooler
Monday: fresh northwest wind,
Boutbern California — Fair; cooler Monday;
fref-h west wind.
Nt-v.Tia— Partly cloudy; cooler Monday.
Utah— Cloudy, with showers In north por
tion Monday ; cooler.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday: brisk northwest wind.
Mount Tamalpais — Clear; wind northwest, 46
miles: temperature, 68; maximum tempera
ture, 71. a. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
November, 1898.
9n.
Fr.
Moon's Phases.
,*j-L,ißt Quarter.
vj. November 9,
jCJv New Moon.
W November IS.
»Klr8» Quarter,
W November Bu.
I
»
18
*
5
17
M
r.
©Full Moon.
November Jr.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, looted In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without < ">gard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
Of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papere the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign {retired). U. S. X., in charge.
*^* ml ST
Next time you make a voyage take a
Ripans Tabule after dinner for three or
four days before sailing, and continue the
practice on board ship till you get your sea
legs on. The chances are you'll not be
seasick at all, and if you are, the attack will
mat .last over the third day.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high onj low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twonty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide 1b the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7.
Sun rises 6:44
Sun sets 5:04
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
Feet.
0:
0:!
l:;
3:(
3:'
1.
1.
1.1
2.:
2.1
8:13
8:43
9:12
9:01
1:1
2::
2:'
! *■■■
i 4:;
i *■;
2.4 7:16
1.8 8:24
1.3 9:22
O.S 10: li
0.3 11:15
—0.2
0.
5.
5.
3.:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column jjlves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
steamek-Tto arrive.
Steamer.
Mlneola... iTacoma INov. 7
Chilkat [Humboldt |Nov. 7
Homer INewport |Nov. 7
Su<ut"alifornia(Portland Nov. 7
Prugreso (Seattle Nov. 7
Washtenaw Tacotna Nov. 8
Belßic China & Japan Nov. 3
Colon Panama Nov. 8
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 8
Walla ' Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 8
North Fork |Humboldt Nov. 8
Pomona Humholdt Nov. 8
Curacao Mexico [Nov. 9
Cleveland Tacoma [Nov. 9
Australia Honolulu iNov. 9
Santa Rosa San Diego |Nov. 9
Geo. \V. Elder.. Portland I Nov. 10
Slam Nanaimo -Nov. 10
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 10
Ci«s Hay Newport Nov. 11
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 11
Del Norte Crescent City | Nov. 12
Columbia (Portland (Nov. 13
Corona (pan Plepo Nov. 13
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget SoundiNov. V,
i^iOV.
|Nov. '
I Nov. \
Nov. i
Nov. \
I Nov. !
I Nov. !
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Dieamer. ja'miiikiiuu. sans. jrier.
C. Nelson... [Puget Sound.. Nov. 6, 9 am Pier 8
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 6. 10 am Pier 24
Queen Vie & Pprt Nov. 7, 10 am, Pier 3
Corona San Diefro Nov. 7, 11 am Pier 11
Chllkat .... Humboldt .... Nov. 7, 2 pm Pier 13
Acapuleo .. Panama Nov. 8.12 m PMSS
State of Cal Portland Nov. 9, 10 am Pier 24
Orizaba .... Newport Nov. 9, 9 am Pier 11
City of Rio. China& Japan Nov. 10. 1 pmiPMSS
Arcata Coos Bay iNov. 10, 10 am Pier 13
Pomona .... Humboldt Nov.' lo. 2 pm Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Dieso..'... Nov. 11, 11 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder Portland Nov. 12, 10 am Pier 2*
"Walla Wall/Vie & Pjjt Nov. 12. 10 am Pier . .>
Cleveland ..(Puget Sound.. Nov. 12 1
Coos Bay... (Newport Nov. 13, 9 am Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 6.
Italian warship Etna, Qorello, 10 days from
Acapu'.co.
Whaling stmr Balena, Williams, 14 days
from Fox Island.
Stmr Golden Gate. Crockett, 8 days from
Seattle.
Br .«tmr Wellington, Salmond, S\i days from
Departure Bay.
Whallns stmr Belvedere, Mlllard, 21 days
from Herold Island.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 44 hours from
Ban Dleco. .• :r' ••
Bark Melrose, Peterson, 40 day« from Santa
Rosalia....
Whaling bark Alice Knowles, Ogden, 16 days
from Fox Island.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetrel, Bowens Land
ing.
' Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 20 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Lily, Rotter, 6 days from Umpqua.
Bohr J G North, Anderson, 18 days from
Honoipu.
Schr Llla and Mettle, Handen, CO hours from
Usal.
Bcor John A, Hellqulst, 3% days from Eu-.
reka-
SAILED.
Sunday. November 6.
Ptmr City of Puebla, Thomas, Manila, via
Honolulu.
Stmr Alcatraz, Fagerlund.
Stmr Del Nnrte, Allen. Crescent City. .
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, Port Town
send. .
• Stmr George Loornis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Br ohip Pericles, Philip. London.
Schr Occidental. Brandt, Eureka.
; Schr Pioneer, Mlkkelson, Wlllapa Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
OL.YMPlA— Arrived Nov Schr J M Colman.
from San P!pso.
PORT HARFORD— SaiIed Nov Schr Chal
lenger, for Port Townsend.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov 6— Bktn Ska
grit, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEN— Arrived Nov &-Bark
Coloma. from Guayaquil: Br ship Wayfarer,
hence Oct 23: Br ship Gifford, hence Oct 22;
schr Moonlight.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Arcata, hnc
Nov 2.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Nov 6— Br bark
Collingrove, for Shanghai. ':
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr La Gas
cogne, from Havre.
LlZAßD— Passed Nor 6— Stmr La Normandie,
New York for Havre.
QT'EENSTOWN- Sailed Nov s— Stmr Umbria.
for New York.
BOWHEAP— Passed Nov 9— Stmr Cufle, New
York for Liverpool.
BAY JLdV ItIVEB STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Hon.. Tuet., Wed., Thura. and Bat ,
9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ox. Than.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:S0 p. m.
Eundaya 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and rffloee— Mlnsion Dock. PUr i.
T»l»phon« Red tUL
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 60c; round trip, 750. Delightful Bay
Excursions, Alviso and return. 76c Telephone
Main 1360
OCEAN TKAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
t^_ Steamers leave Broadway
'VfV-^ Aharf, San Francisco:
1 Si&X^ 1 * For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
! ISH'W&WS!* Nov. 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27, Dec. 2,
' liflCfjCT transfer at Seattle. '
JE^JW MSq For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
5 bbibbbßblbbbMl C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
jr^^^^S E9V. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
a nd New Whatcom (Wash.). 10
a m.. Nov. 2. 7, 12, 17. 22. 27.
Dee 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at 'Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. ; Ry- iat Tacoma to N. P.
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m. Nov.
5. 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, Dec. 5. and every fifth day
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harf ord (Pan Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Nov. 1. 5, 9. 13, 17, 21, 25, 29.
Dec 3. and every fourth day thereafter. ,
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los' AnsretetJ. 11 a
m Nov. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, Dee. 1. »J»«
every fourth day thereafter.
For F.n.-t nada, Magdalena Bay, Pan Jose' del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., ISth of. every
month. . ■" '. ■■'■■:
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hnnr-5 of naHinr. ■■ « - '
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
in Market st., San Francisco.
/'"""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
-££K/2>Jra(>2SKEARNYKT. Established
SeT'i Mn ■" l*'-"'-* for the treatment of Private
K\**r«<;'JSjsf D'seiises, Lost Manhood. Debility or
WafSSSaBBk disease wearing on bodyand mind and
iUßssißßßllaa skin Diseases, The doctor cures « inn
2&HBHR| others fail. Try him. Charges low
*'Mrt*»iru»rs4iit4 «■<!. Cullorwrlte.
Dr. J. r. UIBBO.\, Box 1957.5an Franclsca
PROCLAMATION.
state op california,
B STATE department,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth Ouy of January. A. D. 1837,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
rbed amendments to the Constitution of tbe
:e of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
«-)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
a Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
Df the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be "made for the
collection •of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
Sue, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
:ity and county during the forty-third and
torty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
rided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
Tor any material furnished for any street, lane,
Uley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
Lnd county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
jf Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
Hectors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability j incurred contrary to this pro-
rision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
r with the exception hereinbefore recited,
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Etate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows: '
Section V6- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, . relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days *fter such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
lority of them, and returned, o%e copy thereof
lo the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
ihall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral .circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be-
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a. > majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
Dower of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
iLmonir the archives of the county.
[courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not less than . two
»ears by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial ejection held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in * newspaper of general circulation in such
county and 'ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
nroved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
anv alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice . to
Ot snaH be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court. shall
*» elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable, to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which ihe
times In which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Heoted or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
:,,„ to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
flirted- end may in addition determine the
texts and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
Bate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. in the manner
and' method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and , the same . shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
«?nresnid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
*r « svstem of county governments throughout
?he State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided^ for and de- I
clared bv such county government act. not be
subject to nny law or amendment by i
the Legislature. > except by amendment i first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the I
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT : NUMBER .THREE.
(Being ' Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
state of California an amendment to the Con-
■tttutlon of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as 1 section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of ; a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. • The said proposed new sec- I
tion to read as follows! • - ■■-■-■.: f.
Section 5%. The Court of Claims shall con-
gist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms . thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have , exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character ; against J the State, under such
laws as may; be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final. \ The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;- •-«„?' ■
» In the City and County of San : Francisco,
commencing >on the second - Monday in July
ftnd « ■■'■■ '* -i ' ■• •■*.• " ,:■'-.'-. : ., ..--■•.- ~. ■...>.<-»*•;.-
I la'th* City of Sacramento, commencing "oa I
, _ : BATLBOAD TRAVEL. _
'■THE 0. R. & N. W.V
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
JP O PL T L, -A. IST ID
From , Spear-street . Wharf at 10 a.m.
PARC . $12 First Class v. Including Berth*
rMnt $8 Second Clas* and Meali
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3, 12. 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6, 13. 24, Dec. 1. ■.
State of California sails Nov. 9, 18. 27. Dec. t.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. tte.
Helena / and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. <
E. - C WARD, vleneral Agent.
- .. 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
. . Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantic^,
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS m~~~
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <2P/£l^
at 1" a. m., from Pier 42, North *£«ESeSa&
River, foot of Morton street.
LA GASCOGNE Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov. 13
LA BRETAGNE Nov 26
LA TOURAINE Dec 3
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
. First-class to Havre $30 and upward, I 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, $4.'. 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
P!*^»'S^ilSi&' I ' l v!a - Honolulu and
C>^ij|imila. : atls via Honolulu and
m^ L,3» "Auckland for Sydney
u Y/VW** ,»»" —^. Wednesday, November
Qt4f~ r U-\ 30 ' L^e p. COOLGAR-
p^twrnsn nJ Lm e to coolgar-
3laSr DIE. Australia and
(OJIip^JiW^CAPE TOWN, South
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery St.
Freight office — 327 Market St., San Francisco.
!?• •* co , n(l Monday of November of each yew
re h ceive Ud^ 8 h ? ldln f * uch terra of court slSj
shan ~^?. e^l . compensation therefor, but
out u receive the actual expenses, to be paid
Th« T * ?? 6 i %eneral% eneraI fund of the State treasury,
to n ,3 9 atUr V enact all laws necessary
cedm-e thf 6 » uch court, to provide the pr<£
dd t hi e 8 t S h ect!oL and t0 Carry ° Ut the P^vUion.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37. )
Stat/*,!? 1 }!" 0 .? tO . Propose "to the people of th»
■motion f jC° rn o la an ame "<Jment to the Con-
by adding f the State - amending article eleven.
aZ sw^oif , nn t W B , ectlon thereto, to be knowi
ctn^M°JJ " umber flv and one-half, relating to
SnS^f" 7 and cou "ty governments. Th«
SeoHnT^ nn S W sect Jo° to read as follows:
and fll» S^tk, The Provisions of sections four
fejflsfau™ ">«■ "Mole shall not nor ehall any
legislation passed Pursuant thereto, apply *o
SSw toW v Clty %nd county government.
ha« biro ner or he after formed, which shall
section sev^n' ° r 6haJl become - organized under
2fSt°of"th" > artlclV. ' * Charter Under BeCtl a
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly . Constitutional Amendment
. , No. 36.)
St*f if^? U^ *??» t0 P r °P° se to the people of th»
flffeen ° n^ allfornla an amendment of section
Pnn«H» an^r, on v teen of article flve of th»
£?,?^h « f . on 'of th "State of California, by
?e a rai t follSws P :° S6d *° "**"* '** aectlon " to
.lf^ii .*^ A Lieutenant Governor shall b«
elected at the same time and place and In th«
£?£» T a^1 e , r as the Governor, and his term of
tt vaS d hi " l ual 'flcations shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein. •
ttZn On 16 - In t case of the impeachment of
inßh?] o^ ? Or^,° r », 11 " rem °val from office, death,
Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his f office, res'gr.aHon or absence from th»
state, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the-
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office
Or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un.
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in th»
office of Governor for any of the reasons abov«
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall ' devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall b«
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
Btate of California an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the Stat»
Oi California, relating to grammar schools by
which it ia proposed to amend aaid section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and KTanjmar schools, and such
high schools, ex-enlng: Schools, normal school*
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitant*,' ia
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California. omvw
AMENDMENT : NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. ... . No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then "remain,
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agrea
upon a time at which they will resume thelf
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall b«
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five <ia.y«, w><!
no bill shall be introduced la : either nous* ex-
cept at the first twenty-flee days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of th*
members ' thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th»
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments 'to the Constitution : of th«
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. 1883.
the above-described proposed amendments ar»
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th*
State, at ■ the election to be held throughout
this State on .-..,- ■'.,
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. ' 1858.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
. tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express Us
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the ■
City and County of San Francisco, and "
' the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction -of its • _
water works from the ■ provisions of • ' N» .
the Constitution requiring such claims , . •
to be paid from the Income and reve-
. nues of the year in which they were
. incurred).
■ For the Amendment? \}
Amendment Number Two, being Senate f -.
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Te»
(providing for framing • local county- ■
government acts by inhabitants of N»
counties for their government)..
For the Amendment?. .
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f ■
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 : (providing for - the creation |of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Yea
against the State, and to consist of' . _•
three Superior Judges designated by Na
the Governor to serve without extra " ■'• -
.compensation). ; ; • .-
! For the Amendment? _, \\. ■
Amendment Number Four, = being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. : 37 (exempting consolidated cities ■ Y«« *
and counties, organized or: to be or-- _*■
ganized, ■or - holding a charter un- ' N*
' der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
: For the Amendment? ■. ;.; ■ (j
Amendment Number ; Five, being As- '
sembly Constitutional .Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto In. .
- certain cases and removing disability' >j#
of Lieutenant- Governor from holding
'. other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment' 1 Number Six, being Assem- '
My Constitutional Amendment No. 38 -Tea
: (relating . to ; and defining Grammar- . .
Schools). : ' - Na,
For the- Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As- f . ■
sembly Constitutional " Amendment :
, No. 34 (providing for adjournment of I -'-Te*
. Legislature for not less . than ■ thirty-! ■ — -
'j nor more than sixty days during each 1 / No
: session). ,> •• ..: <•■ ;•:
; For. the Amendment?- - •.••«.* I ■*'.'-
1 Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th«
State of California, the day and year herein
llrst al»ove written. _ ■. '-.:.■'.
. . JAMES H. BUDD. B Governor. 1
: Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary at JbUlv
■ lbuaiul ■ -"-■__, i » ;
910
RAILROAD MEN NOT
SLAVES AND HIRELINGS
Oakland's Sons of Toil as Intelligent as the
Man Who Belittled Them on the
Platform.
Judge Magnire Recommends That Nearly All the
Republican Connty Ticket Be Elected in
Alameda— All Are Tried and
True.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 6.
Oakland is a railroad town, but not,
therefore, a corral of slaves. This re
mark is suggested by Judge Maguire's
speech in this city last Thursday night,
wherein he referred to the "coercion" of
railroad employes, leaving the impres
sion that they are like a herd of ani
mals, driven to and fro by the leash
of any manipulator who orders them to
vote according to the commands of
their employer. These remarks have
aroused much indignation among the
hundreds, aye, thousands, of honorable
men employed in this county by the
railroad company. That it is absolutely
false is proved by the fact that on nu
merous occasions candidates for office
known to be violently opposed to rail
road dominance and influence have
been elected by large majorities over
candidates known to be more favorable
to the corporation. Even at the last
Republican primary Henry P. Dalton,
whom no one will accuse of being in
favor of railroad influence in politics,
brought in a solid delegation from the
First Ward, which his own organ al
ways refers to as a railroad strong
hold.
Mr. Maguire did not properly gauge
the temperament of the men he thus
maligned as slaves and hirelings.
Everybody doing business in this city
knows that the railroad men are the
very best customers they can have.
Merchants are confident that twenty
four hours after the pay car passes
through the city they will receive their
bills, and it is common talk that it is
easier to collect from railroad employes
than any other single body of men in
this county. Without the thousands of
dollars spent weekly in Oakland by the ;
railroad company many of her business
houses would be crippled. At the pres
ent time the railroad company has
more men employed than at any period
fur the past ten years. All summer an
army of men were engaged building the
new Harrison-street bridge, the ap
proaches to it and laying tracks up
AVebster street; at the mole another
army of men is now engaged widening
the depot, laying extra tracks for the
twenty-minute ferry service soon to go
into effect, and in building bulkheads
for the reclamation of the water front.
For any one to characterize these men
as slaves who can be corraled at the
crack of a whip held by a railroad boss,
is infamous and no one knows its abso
lute untruthfulness better than Mr.
Maguire. These men are certainly no
less intelligent than their critic, and it
Is not to be supposed that votes for the
fusion candidate were made by such
deliberate Insults.
Evidently after referring to the op
■;on and coercion of corporations
Mr. Maguire realized his great mistake,
for he adroitly completed his circular
argument by taking it all back. He
wound up this period by saying that
the railroad boss could not go into the
ballot box with his honest employe
and therefore said employe could, after
all, do exactly as he pleased with his
red rubber stamp. This species of non
sense characterized Mr. Maguire's
speech throughout.
Neither are honest Oakland voters to
be entrapped by Mr. Maguire's so
phistical allusion to the single tax. At
the outset he stated that it was un
doubtedly the coming panacea for
every social and economic ailment from
which this nation is now suffering. A
little later he admitted that the single
tax was yet in its "primitive and edu
cational stage" and was very little
understood. Still later he said that
the Governor of the State of Cali
fornia would have no power whatever
to inaugurate the single-tax system,
and he took great pleasure to explain
that his pet idea is 30 thoroughly op
posed to the spirit of the constitution
of this State that such a movement
could only begin by an amendment to
that constitution. In other words, Mr.
-Maguire stated that the single tax is
a grand invention, but that he is will
ing to throw all kinds of mud at it if
by doing so he can gather in a few
votes. For using many words and
landing at the same place he started,
the Judge's speech was only a little
less inferior to that of J. Aubrey Jones.
Incidentally Mr. Magnire supplied
the Republican county candidates with
the best argument they could possibly
have. "The State of California has
spent a good deal of money and
twenty-three years of time," said Mr.
Maguire, "in educating me to be a
statesman. Now I do not see what
good argument can be advanced why
It shouiu cast aside a tried and true man
and take up an apprentice." If this
argument be good for Mr. Maguire,
it is certainly good for his followers.
In this campaign there are many tried
and true county officials seeking re
election. Some of them have served
the county faithfully and honestly for
half a dozen years and are still enjoy
ing the confidence of their employers.
Perhaps Bur. Maguire is right, and it is
to be hoped that his scattering of fol
lowers In this county will take his ad
vice — to some extent. So good reason
can be advanced why County Clerk
Jordan should not be trusted with an
other term. Without flattery, it can
truthfully be said that no other County
Clerk in the history of Alameda has
ever done such economical, faithful
and thorough work in his department
as the ~ounty Clerk. His bitterest po
litical enemies acknowledge the merit
of this statement. Jordan had a little
opposition in his own party. It is,
however, a fact that such opposition
emanated from a source that is calcu
li t d to help his election rather than
to hinder it. Many of the issues upon
which Mr. Jordan made his last cam
paign are deader than Dead Sea ap
ples, and there is a general desire to
squelch any one who revives them. He
now stands out as a "tried and true"
official, and Mr. Maguire has said that
he should be re-elected.
The same Is true of Tax Collector
Barber. Mr. Barber has been in the
Tax Collector's office for six years, and
although some departments of the
county government have not been
what they should be, Mr. Barber's of
fice ha* always been above criticism.
He has done his whole duty, and ac
cording to Mr. Maguire should be re
elected.
County Recorder Spear has served
the public either as an official of the
town of Berkeley or of Alameda Coun
ty for many years, and the Recorder's
office has never been brought into ques
tion. It has been conducted with uni
form system, and the records of this
county are in perfect condition, easily
accessible and accurately kept.
According to Mr. Maguire, Recorder
Spear should be re-elected.
Year after year Judge Allen has been
returned by this city to the Justice's
bench, showing plainly that his em
ployers have confidence in his in
tegrity and ability. The Judge has
never found it necessary to explain to
grand juries or other critics any of his
conduct, and according to Mr. Ma
guire's doctrine should be elected Dis
trict Attorney of fhis county.
Cal Ewing has been four years chief
deputy in the County Clerk's office, and
it is but right to accord to him a fair i
measure of the praise due to the mag
nificent administration of that depart
ment. Mr. Ewing has been always at
his post, always courteous and oblig- i
Ing, was never troubled by those who j
wished to do business in his office, J
ever deeming it a pleasure to oblige j
everybody. The confidence of the Re- i
publican party in his ability to hold \
office was demonstrated at San Leandro
when he was nominated for County Au
ditor. He has proved that he can be j
faithful to his duties and Mr. Maguire !
recommends that he be elected.
If ever Mr. Maguire said anything
that would apply absolutely with truth
to a man this remark of his applies to
Supervisor Talcott. One of the farces
of this campaign has been the attempt
to belittle Mr. Talcott by his jealous
Democratic opponents. Even the Su
porior bench has gone out of its way
to compliment Mr. Talcott on his in
tegrity and businesslike principles, and
his splendid road and bridge work are
everlasting monuments to his fitness
for office. Mr. Maguire recommends
his re-election.
The Grand Jury that sat nearly a
year, and certainly took plenty of time
to inquire into everything wherein
they thought existed the least taint of j
crookedness, paid Supervisor Church a |
high compliment for the manner in |
which, as chairman of the hospital com- I
mittee, he has conducted the County
Infirmary. While it is well known that
many were interested in trying to be
smirch Mr. Church's record in the hope
of electing a Democrat the Grand Jury,
to its credit be it said, could not avoid
telling the truth, and their opinion of
the infirmary has been generously sup
ported by the leading physicians of thi?
county, irrespective of school. Mr.
Church's re-election is therefore recom
mended by Mr. Maguire.
Assessor Dalton has been in office six
years, two as a Councilman and four as
County Assessor. He has persistently
done everything that has a tendency to
increase public confidence in his career
and therefore should be re-elected.
Arthur Feidler. whom the Republi
; cans have nominated for Treasurer, has
frequently served the people of his
township in official capacity, and has
always enjoyed their confidence; Georgre
L. Nusbaumer, the County Surveyor,
has been "tried and true" for many
years, and his grades have never been
questioned or his bills criticized; Oscar
Rogers has so thoroughly earned the
esteem of the people of Alameda that
ho has been returned as City Marshal
term after term, and there is no doubt
that his career as Sheriff will be as
far above reproach as that of chief of
the police force of Alameda. All of
these men have been "tried and true,"
and the good advice of Mr. Maguire
should be followed in regard to each of
them.
While it canno-t be said that Mr.
j Hawes, whom the Republicans nomi
| nated for Public Administrator; Mr.
i "Waterman, for Superintendent of
j Schools, and Dr. Mehrmann for Coro
• ncr, have been "tried and true" in the
j sense in which Mr. Maguire spoke, they
i are known as honorable citizens and
I grood Republicans, worthy of public
support, irrespective of party.
STUART "W. BOOTH.
LYNN IS BACK.
Says Hs Does Not Recollect His A 1A 1
tempt to Murder His Wife.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— John W. T,ynn,
who eight months ngo shot his wife
five times because she refused to live
with him any longer, was to-ni^ht
brought down from the Insane Asylum
at Ukiah by Deputy Sheriffs Ed White
and Orin P;ige, and is now at the City
Prison awaiting- his preliminary examin
ation on a charge of assault to murder.
It was while the preliminary examination
was in progress about seven months ago
that Lynn manifested the most violent
form of mental derangement. His reason
has now been fully restored, and to the
officers who brought him down to-night
he stated, "My conscience is clear and I
am perfectly ready to stand trial, for I
have no recollection whatever of having
tried to murder my wife." He did not
even recognize Deputy White wh»n he
and Page took charge of him to-day, al
though White accompanied the prisoner
to T'kiah originally. In appearance Lynn
has greatly changed. He is not as stout,
his face is ashen white, but his eyes have
a clear ami calm expression now. and his
general demeanor is that of a quiet, re
served man.
At the asylum he was considered a
great favorite, and at the special request
of the asylum authorities the prisoner's
wrists were not burdened with handcuffs.
Much doubt is expressed as to the prob
ability of I^ynn being held to answer be
fore the Superior Court. His preliminary
examination will no doubt be set for an
early date, but his wife, whose recovery
was marvelous, ana who is the. principal
witness for the people, has since left the
State and cannot now be located.
SEVERED- HER WINDPIPE.
Most Determined Attempt at Suicide
of a Castro Valley Woman.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Mrs. Rodrigues,
aged 35 years, residing with her family
of six children on a ranch in Castro Val
ley, made a most determined attempt to
commit suicide a few nights ago. For
some time past she has been despondent
and worried, and has several times threat
ened that she would end all her sufferings
suddenly.
She arose at midnight and secured her
husband's razor, but before she had an
opportunity of cutting her throat the
razor was taken frea k«r. Later at 3
THE SAN FKASTCISCO .CALL, MONDAY; NOVEMBER T, 1898.
o'clock In the morning she again arose,
claiming that she coula not sleep and that
she intended building a fire. Mr. Rod
rigues, however, also arose, and went out
to the barn to hide his razor, fearing that
she was once more seeking the weapon.
When he returned to the kitchen he waa
horrified to find his wife lying prostrate
across the wood pile with blood gurgling
from her throat and a huge knife by her
side.
Dr. Reynolds was promptly summoned
and attended her. It was found that Mrs.
Rodrigues had severed her windpope but
missed the veins. The wound required
several stitches, and although the would
be suicide is still very weak, there la a
chance for her recovery.
PUBLIC INSTALLATION.
Rev. J. T. Sunderland Installed as
Pastor of the First Unitarian
Church.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Rev. J. T. Sunder
land was publicly installed to-night as
pastor of the First Unitarian Church.
The large auditorium was thronged with
worshipers, and Colonel John P. Irish,
chairman of the board of trustees, presid
ed. Introductory remarks by Colonel
Irish were followed by services of wor
ship conducted by Rev. N. A. Haskell of
San Jos©, and an eloquent installation
sermon was preached by Rev. Dr. Steb
bins of San Francisco. The hand of fel
lowship, on behalf of the clergy, was ex
tended by Rev. George R, Dodson of
Alameda and on behalf of the laity by
Charles A. Murdock of San Francisco.
Rev. A. J. Wells of the same city gave
the charge to the new pastor, and the
charge to the congregation was by Rev.
W. B. Geoghegan of Berkeley.
At Oakland Playhouses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— Sydney Grundy's
drama, "Sowing the Wind," will be pro
duced at the Macdonough Theater to
morrow night with a strong cast. "Pawn
Ticket 210 Is the bill at Dewey Opera
House for the coming week, beginning
with to-morrow night.
■ 9 ■
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov, 6.— Edward Ehren
fort. a well-known citizen of this city, is
seriously ill at the German Hospital In
San Francisco. He went there to under
go a surgical operation for a tumor in
the throat, but It was found that he
was suffering from a cancerous growth
near the jugular vein, which is beyond
surgical skill.
Alameda Assembly No. 119, U. A., will
celebrate the fourth anniversary of the
order on November 14. A long programme
has been arranged in which the following
will participate: Professor W. B. Bart
lett. Dr. Scott. Miss Aitken, E. T. M.
Eckert, G. Hammersmith and J. Aitken.
The German Ladies' Aid Society gave
an entertainment and dance last evening
at Harmony Hall. There was a large at
tendance.
Serious Runaway Accident.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 6.— Thomas MeGuire
and wife of Sherman street were seriuusly
Injured this afternoon by being thrown
from a cart at the corner of Park street
and Pacific avenue. Their horse took
fright at an electric car and ran away.
It made a sharp turn into Pacific avenue
and upset the cart, throwing the occu
pants with great force onto the macadam.
McGuire received a frightful gash under
the right eye and several severe scalp
wounds. Mrs. MeGuire's head "was se
verely cut and one of her knees was bad
ly wrenched. Mrs. George Fallrath, who
was also in the rig, escaped without in
jury.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— The residence of
Dr. J. Barrows, corner of Telegraph ave
nue and Brancroft way, will soon be
moved to give way to a large hotel build
ing. The new structure is to have thirty
three rooms, and is intended largely for
students going to the University of Cali
fornia-
There will be a confirmation service In
St. Mark's Episcopal Church. Bancroft
way, on Sunday, November 20. Bishop
Nichols will be present to conduct the
ceremony.
The football team of the League of the
Cross Cadets will face the college team
of the University of California next Wed
nesday afternoon. The game will be play
ed upon the college campus beginning at
4 o'clock.
The only sure way to provide
Sqp honest and fain assessments
of property for taxation is to
work and vote for Honest John
Siebe.
GOOD SHOOTING AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
THREE CLUBS OUT AT THE
RIFLE TARGETS.
The San Franciscos, Oalifornias and
Verein Eintrachts All Put Up
Good Scores.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 6.— Despite the
leaden hue of the sky, which threw a
shadow on the targets, and the stiff
breeze blowing during the greater part of
the day. there was a good attendance of
sharpshooters at Schuetzen Park yester
day, and some fairly good scores were
made.
There were three clubs at the shooting
stands. The California Schuetzen Club
held a shoot, the San Francisco Grutli
Shooting Section a medal and a bullseye
shoot, and the Verein Eintracht Schuet
zen section a medal shoot.
"King" McLaughlin upheld his record
by carrying off the first prize of the Cal
ifornia Club, with a score of 438: Charles
liaumgartner the first prize in the Grutli
medal contest, score 417, and Charles
Sus-sli first in the bullseye contest, while
Captain Kuhls triumphed in the Verein
Eintracht shoot with a score of 395.
The scores in detail made in the medal
shoot of the California Schuetzen Club
were as fellows:
First champion class— J. W. Mclaughlin,
438; second, none. -l.' „ ■'
Second champion class— F. P. Schuster, 421;
First class— F. E. Mason, 423; second, O.
Bremer, S'JS.
Second class— Fetz, 421; second, C.
Kg In X 420.
Third class— A. Jungblut, 374; second." Charles
Sagehorn, 346.
Fourth class — Wollmer, 866; second, J. H.
Cadets' class — Tammeyer, 393; second, E.
Woerner, 340. •
First best shot— A.- Strecker, 25; last best
shot, F. P. Schuster, 24.
In the Grutli medal shoot the scoring
was as follows:
Champion Charles Baumgrartner, 417.
First class — R. Hauser, 385. Second class —
I, Hauler, 352. Third — Charles Sussli,
302. First best shot, G. H. Hauser, 24. Last
best shot— A. Struder, 23.
The bullseye shoot of the same club re
sulted in the marksmen being listed in the
following order:
First, Charles Sussll; second, G. R. Hauser;
third, J. C. Appenzeller; fourth. Al Tehret;
tifth. A. Struder; sixth, Joseph Fetz; seventh,
Ed Kunz; eighth, A. yon Wyll; nlntli. F.
Baumgartner.
In the Verein Eintracht medal shoot the
following was the tally:
Champion class — Captain F. Kuhls, 395. First
class — C. Schroeder, 376. Second class — C.
Suehrstedt, 359. Third class— R. Spahr, 335.
First best shot — C. Suehrstedt, 23. Last best
shot— C. Ehrlanger, 2i.
Be 6ure you vote the Republi
can legislative ticket, and thus
provide ior the election of a Re
publican to the United States
Senate.
CRASHED INTO A CARRIAGE.
A Switch Engine Wrecks WebstT
Jones' Private Vehicle.
Soon after noon yesterday a switch en
gine crashed into a private carriage the
property of Webster Jones of 1437 Octa
vla street at Fourth and Kentucky streets,
almost wrecking the vehicle. Fortunately
nobody was In the carriage at the time.
Jones wanted the engineer arrested,
claiming that he was under the influence
of liquor, but Policeman George Tracey
refused to lock him up, as he did not be
lieve the engineer was intoxicated. In
his report to Captain Spillane Traeey de
clared that he failed to find any trace of
liquor on the engineer.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sta, Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
HAM IBERG
WAS AGAIN
THE STAR
His Pitching Caused a,
Shut-Out.
JIM M'DONALD UMPIRED
THE FRISCOS PLAYED POORLY
AT BAT AND ON BASES.
Stockton Won an Easy Gam© From
Watsonville and Sacramento
Beat the Santa Cruz
Team.
By Joe Corbett.
Ham Iberg was again In evidence. This
time it was with a vengeance, and no mis
take. Yesterday, at Recreation Park, be
fore a crowd of 4000 fans, he deliberately
shut out the Athletics and did not offer
the semblance of an apology. "Ham" is
truly a wonder, and it is a pity he has
never been given an opportunity to dis
play his prowess in a more moneyedlike
atmosphere. Yesterday he was, as usual,
invincible. To him is due the brunt of
glory which generally follows in the wake
of the victors, for the Athletics, strong as
they are at bat, found him but for three
measly base hits and not a run. It was he
who threw the "foghorn" and his co
horts down, as it were, and it was his
great pitching which made the game so
interesting and covered up, but not en
tirely, the stupid battery and base run
ning of his colleagues. Had they played
any kind of an up-to-date game the score
would have been about 7 to 0, yet I sup
pose there is no use of complaining. in
view of the close score. However, the
Friscos would do well to practice up a
bit on that long lost art of base running.
Just a little of it, with an opportune hit,
! would surely be appreciated.
The Athletics fought nobly yet useless
ly. Iberg was in excellent form, and
when this gentleman finds himself in such
a mode it fs a rather difficult proposition
for any team to solve him correctly. The
Athletics could not do so yesterday, -et
played beautiful ball, Meeney in particu
lar distinguishing himself. There was
plenty of enthusiasm and many good
plays, all of which had a tendency to
make the afternoon an agreeable one.
Then, again, Jim McDonald, one of the
ablest umpires of the National League,
called the balls and strikes, and Informed
base runners that they were safe and out,
which fact in itself was a big attraction.
Jim was accorded a most handsome re
ception, and bowed his acknowledgments
again and again. He is certainly a most
popular fellow.
The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith. ■- 8..... 3 0 0 0 3 3 2
Knic 3d b *040011
Murphy, Ist-* S •?»»!!
Monahan. 2d b 4 0 1 0 3 3 2
Hammond, c 3 1 0 1 6 1 0
Stroecker, r. f 3 0 110 0 0
Dunleavy, c. t 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Croll. 1. t..... 3 0 1 0 30.0
Iberg, p 3 _i _o _0 _o _5 _o
Totals 29 2 7 2 27 13 6
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
J. McCarthy, 1. f.... 2 0 0 0 4 0 0
Hanley, 2d b 3 0 0 0 3 2 1
Meaner, c. f 4 0.0 0 ..3 0 0
Stultz, s. s 3 0 0 0 0 6 1
Hildebrand. r. f..... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Johnston. Ist b..:... 3 0 2 0 6 10
Mclaughlin. 3d b.... 4 0 11 1 1 0
Lohman, c 4 0 0 0 6 2 0
Fitzpatrlck, p........jt _0- JJ. J|; 0 _£- J!
, Totals ..\...31 0 3" 1 »23 13 2
f' - . RUNS BT INNINGS.
Athletics 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 0 010 10 0 I—3
San Francisco 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 •— 2
Base hits 0 1 10 2 10 2 •— 7
Huns responsible for— Fitzpatrlck 2. Three
base-hit—Murphy. Two-base hits— Krug 1,
Johnston 1. Base on errors— San Francisco 2.
Athletics 5. liases on balls— San Francisco 2.
Athletics 6. Left on bases— San Francisco 4.
Athletics 8. Struck out— By Fitzpatrick 4, by
Inert? 5. Double — Monahan to Murphy;
Stultz to Hanley to Johnston; Smith to Mona
han to Murphy. Umpire— Jim McDonald. Of
nctal scorer— J. W. Staaleton.
•Krug out for not touching second base.
At Stockton.
STOCKTON. Nov. 6.— lt does not do
for the Babies to go from home. To-day
the game was taken away from them as
Stockton pleased, the score being 20 to 4,
as follows:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Selna, 1 b 4 3 1 0 11 1 0
Knell, p 4 8 2 1110
Niok Smith, 2b 6 3 3 0 2 4 1
Pace, c 5 2 3 13 0 0
Mertes. s. * 5 2 2 13 3 2
Billings, 3 b 6 12 0 0 3 1
Mull«r. 1. t 4 2 10 4 0 0
Rice. c. f 3 10 0 2 0 0
Harper, r. t 4 3 2 0 10 0
Totals 40 20 16 3 27 II 4
WATSONVI^Lfe.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Hartman, 2 b 3 12 0 4 2 1
Nash, 3 b 4 0 1 fl 1 t 0
Albright, s. 8 4 110 110
Peters c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
Hayes, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Struve, 1 b 2 0 0 0 8 13
Fritz, r. f 4 1 0 0 3 0 1
Palmtag. 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
McCarthy, p 3 1 0 0 3 6 0
Totals 32 4 5 0 27 17 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 4 0 2 0 0 0 9 0 o—2o
Base hits 1 7 2 0 0 0 5 0 I— lfi
Watsonville 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 2 o—4
Base hits 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 2 o—s
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — McCarthy, 8; Hayes, 7;
Knell, 2. Two-base hits— Pace, Mertes, Nick
Smith. Hartman, Albright. Sacrifice hit— Nash.
First base on errors— Stockton, 3; Watsonville,
2. Left on bases— Stockton, 4; Watsonville, o.
Bases on balls— Oft Knell, 4: off McCarthy, 2;
off Hayes, 6. Struck out— By Knell, 3; by-
Hayes, 1. Wild pitches— Hayes, 2. Passed balls
—Peters, 2. Time of game— l:3B. Umpire—
Jake Beckley. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
Oaklands Won.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— The game between
Oakland and San Jose was marked by
many errors and good batting. San Jose
had 8 runs to 7 for Oakland up to the last
half of the ninth Inning, when the Oak
lands made a spurt and changed the score
to 9 to 8. Score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 4 110 10 1
Schmoer, s. s 5 0 1 0 2 4 3
llardle, r. f 5 12 0 0 0 0
O'Nell. 2 b 4 2 0 0 3 15
Lange, 3 b 5 2 8 110 0
Sullivan, c 2 2 2 1 5 1 0
Irvine, 1 b 3 10 0 9 0 1
Moakimsn, 1. t 4 0 1 0 4 0 0
Russell, p 3 0 10 13 0
Total 35 9 11 2 26 9 10
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
MoOucken, c. f 4 2 1 1 2 0 0
l'yne, I. f 4 110 10 0
Hanlnn, 1 b 5 12 0 4 0 0
Easan. s. s 5 2 1 0 5 4 0
Riley. 2 b 5 1 1 1 S 1 2
Bn.Jkoff, 3 b 4 110 111
Foley, r. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Kent, c 4 0 2 0' 3 2 1
Thomas, p 5 0 0 0 111
Totals 40 8 10 2 25 9 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 20010132—9
Base hits 0 1 0 0 2 1 2 2 3— U
San Jose 0 1002020 3—B
Base hits 0 1 1 0 3 1 1 1 2—lo
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Thomas 2, Hussell 2.
Three-base hit— Hanlon. Two-bane hits — Dono
van, Pyne, Eagan, Kent. Double play — Eagan
to Riley to Hanlon. Struck out— By Russell
4, by Thomas 3. Bases on balls— Oft Russell
2, oft Thomas L Hit by pitcher— O'Neil, Sulli
van 2. Passed ball — Kent. Umpire — Charles
Sweeney. Scorers— Doyle and Weber.
Defeat for Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 6.— The Bacramen
tos beat the home team to-day in one
of the best games seen here this season.
The score was 4 to 1, made up as fol
lows:
Sacramento 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 3 o—40 — 4
Santa Cruz 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 o—l
Other Games.
The Invincible Owls defeated the Ala
meda Alerts by a score of 17 to 2 yester
day.
At Eighth and Harrison streets grounds
yesterday morning the Altas defeated the
Golden Gates by a score of 6 to 5.
In the morning game at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets, the Heesemans of Oak
land defeated the San Francisco Road
Club by a score of S to 4.
In the afternoon the Heesemans met de
feat at the hands of the Gamossi Kids L-y
a score of 4 to 3.
The Call will signal the elec
tion returns from the dome of its
building. Look out for the code
It will be published Tuesday
inorning.
ORPHANS MADE HAPPY.
They Produce an Operetta and Are
Awarded Many Medals and
Cash Prizes.
The annual entertainment and distribu
tion of prizes at the Pacific Hebrew Or
phan Asylum yesterday afternoon at
tracted an audience limited only by the
capacity of the asylum's large gym
nasium. In the chief feature of the en
tertainment—a juvenile operetta entitled
"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"— the
principal characters were creditably taken
by Hannah Rosenthal, Hulda Lakomy,
Aaron Sapiro, Philip Sapiro, Herman
Michaels, Harry Basker, Beatrice Sapiro,
Bertha Hirsch and Jennie Unger. Scenery
was supplied by the kindness of Fried
lander, Gottlob & Co. and an excellent
ohoruß combined to make a most enjoy
able performance.
In the distribution of medals, in which
much interest centered, Julius Rosenthal
carried off the palm, receiving the Beh
rend silver medal and $250 in cash for
being the most exemplary boy In the
asylum. Etta Reuben was awarded $100
and a house medal and Jennie Levy and
Abraham Snook received a house medal
and $10 each. Ralph Deutsch, Rosa Bram
son, Beatrice Sapiro, Marcus Holzer, Jen
nie Meyer, Mary Braunstein, Rachel
Lakomy. Joseph Unger, Albert Taussig,
Eunice Pinkiert, Samuel Cerf and Jacob
RittiKsteln were awarded, for various jn
duptries, $5 cash and a medal, and many
others received gifts of various kinds.
The prizes were distributed by Presi
dent S. W. Levy.
Vote for the candidates of the
party of straight politics and
good government, and put an end
to the fusions and confusions of
political job-chasers.
TTJKON PIONEER'S FUNERAL.
The Remains of Frank Dinsmore
Shipped to Auburn, Me., His
Native Place.
The remains of Frank Dinsmore, one of
the founders of the Yukon Pioneers' So
ciety, who died in this city last Wednes
day, were shipped to Auburn, Me., his na
tive place, by lust evening's train.
The members of the society In this city
assembled at the Commercial Hotel and
marched in a body to an undertakers
parlor on Mission street, where the remains
lay. Rev. E. J. Lion of the Episcopal
cnurch conducted services at the parlors.
The pall-bearers were L. M. McQuesten,
Robert EnpHsi. Ellis Louis. James Davis,
Samuel Matthews. Peter Wyberg. James
McLeod, William Moseman and Peter
Johnston, all members of the Yukon So
ciety, and besides them the other mem
bers of the society- present were Patrick
Galvin, Frank Conrad, William Dryden,
Joseph Gee. Alexander Baumler, Alex
ander Rankin. Charles Magaha, Charles
Anderson, Charles Lodge. Richard Lowe,
J. W. Mallory, W. E. Russell, C. F. Maca,
Oscar Dorven and Neil McKay. They ac
companied the remains to the Oakland
Mole.
The deceased was one of the most prom
inent men on the Yukon, and was inter
ested In a number of the richest claims.
He left an estate valued at half a million
dollars. He went to the Yukon about
twelve years arco. He was recently taken
pick from bronchial troubles and came
here for treatment. He was a strong,
powerfully built man. 43 years of age.
Error in Sample Ballot.
To the Voters of San Francisco:
Your attention is hereby called to the
fact that on the sample ballot mailed
an error was committed by the failure
to insert after the name of Finlay
Cook, candidate for Police Judge, the
words "Citizens' Non-Partisan" in ad
dition to the words "People's Party-
Democrat"; also after the name of P.
A. Bergerot, candidate for School
Director, the words "Citizens' Non-
Partisan" in addition to the words
"Citizens' Republican-Republican."
W. J- BIGGY, Registrar of Voters.
KNOCKED DOWN AND ROBBED.
Louis Belasco the Victim of Two
Men Who Asked Him to Have
a Drink.
.Louis Belasco, 55 Montgomery avenue,
was taken to the Receiving Hospital at
an early haur yesterday mornim- where
a wound in his scalp was stitched and
dressed. There were also a number of
bruises on his face.
He said he was on his way home, when
at Powell and Bush streets he was ac
costed by two men, who asked him to go
•with them and have a drink. They
walked alongside of him. and when half
way on the block toward Pine street he
was knocked down and robbed of $10. He
notified the police, but as he could give
only a poor description of the two men
there Is small chance of their arrest.
The Forty Hours' Devotion.
The observance of the forty hours' de
votion was begun with solemn high mass
yesterday morning at St. Dominic's
Church. During the interval between the
commencement of the forty hours' devo
tion and the end on Tuesday morning
service will be held in the church night
and morning. An indulgence is granted
to all those who faithfully perform the
obligations of the feast.
Let us eliminate Moguirei«m
from the State and make way
fop prosperity.
The Examiner was not paid for sup
porting John D. Sifbe for Assessor four
years ago. It said then that h«> was
in every way qualified fi»r the office.
Such is the case to-day. Vote for Hon
est John Siebe. voting number 11.
LATE SHIPPING INTKI..L.IGENCTE.
ARRIVED.
Siiu.lny. November 6.
Stmr Mlneola, David. 90 hours' from' Tacoma.'
. Schr S Danlelson. Cranirle. 4 days from
Frankrort. V
DOMESTIC POUTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Nov 6— Stmr Chilkat, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov s— Stmr Pomona, hence Nov 5.
- ; . ■ --■ '
6AN H*ANC:SCO cALt..
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayee st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until » o'clock.
2026 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICKS.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room <; tel, 6550.
DR. MACLENXAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; tree diagnosis. 100 Halght at.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, poetage
paid.
ROOMS -papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co-, 843 Id at.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16.. a_*
K. T.. Golden Gate building, 625 Sut- f__*
ter st. Stated assembly THIS EVEN- Fj
ING, at 7:30 o'clock. All f raters are ft*
courteously invited. • ■ . v
CHAS. L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _J%_
Business and M. M. degree. By In- jSjT
structions of the H. P. f^W. >
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. > A
M.— Stated meeting THIS (MONDAY) __%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order^C_X
, of the W. M. *- /V>
GEO. W. ROOT. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. __
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) __fV_.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de-^_ff
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Sec. /^r>
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. M. ft
Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON-__f\_,
DAY). November 7. 1898, at 7:3oTK_lf
o'clock p. m. By order of the W. M. /~r *
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
THE officers and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral of our late member,
DAVID MARX, at 9:30 this morning, from
his late residence, 1135 Polk st. »
- S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
PACIFIC Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society— The members of this society are
hereby notified that the annual election of
five trustees takes place MONDAY, Novem-
ber 7, 1898. at the office of Davis, Belau &
Co., 115 Bush- st. Polls open from 11 a. m.
to 3 p. m. By order
LEO ELOESSER, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' corpora-
tion will be held at the Chamber of Com-
merce, 431 California St., San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, November 16, 1898, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock a. m. CALIFORNIA WINE
MAKERS' CORPORATION. Per W. J.
HOTCHKISS, Secretary and Manager.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN house gir!, first-class cook
and laundress; best references. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH first-class cook, understands all
branches; best references. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good took and house-
worker; $12 to $15; references. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
LADIES! we have a number of first-class
servants for all kinds of work. Call or tel-
ephone J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
COMPETENT woman. Is a good cook and
housekeeper, would do housework or take
care of an invalid; city or country. Apply 424
Post st., near Mason.
COMPETENT English cook and baker, middle-
aged woman, will work in city or country;
moderate wages; steady place; prefer country.
Call 129 Third st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework; is a good plain cook; city
or country. 240 Minna St., bet. 3d and 4th.
RESPECTABLE German -woman wishes to do
housework, cooking or housekeeping. Call at
435 Pine st. "
GERMAN woman would like a place In lunch
house or in restaurant to work over lunch
hours. Call or address 76 Clementina st,
RESPECTABLE North German girl wishes
position to do downstairs work or general
housework; wages $25 to $30. Call 351 A Minna.
GERMAN girl wishes general housework. 449
Third st. ;
SITUATION by respectable woman as chil-
dren's nurse; will assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good references. 445 O'Farrell.
SINGLE German woman, good cook, wants
position as housekeeper or cook. Call No. 9
Seventh St., near Market.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day to
do housecleanlng or washing. Call at 609 Na-
toma st.
GERMAN lady wishes work by the day; wash-
ing or housekeeping. Address K. F.. 346 Third.
WOMAN wishes situation to do cooking and
housework in private family; wages $10. 924
Washington St.. near Powell.
WOULD like flannels or lace curtains: first-
class work done. Apply 20 Willow ave., off
Larkin st.
GERMAN cook wishes place in private family.
1024 Howard st., room 15.
GERMAN woman wants dace as cook ■in a
hotel or boarding house; city or country. Call
at 946 Mission st. -
SITUATION wanted by young woman for gen-
eral housework; wages $15. Call Monday at
1239 Market St., near Ninth.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation;
wages $35. Address box 1831, Call office. S___*
GERMAN woman wants place as cook In a
hotel or boarding-house; city or country. Call
at 940 Mission st. I
GOOD cook wants a situation In boarding
house or institution; first-class references.
1113% Howard at.
GERMAN woman works by the day washing
and housework. Call 745 Howard st.
YOUNG, experienced married woman wishes
child to board from 3 years uj>. ' Address
box 1598. Call office.
LADY wants position as cashier in restaurant;
could invest small capital in business. Box
1817. Call office.
WANTED— By an American lady, age 39, a
' position as housekeeper. Address MRS.
FRANCES WHITE. Oakland. Cat. .
ELDERLY woman wants position in small
family to do light housework; good home;
moderate wages: city. Call or address MRS.
REED, 821 Shotwell st.
COMPETENT woman wants work of any kind
by the day; first-class laundress; reference.
Call at 21S0'/i Fifteenth St., near Noe.
WANTED— and washing by day.
Call 727'4 Natoma St.. between Bth and 9th.
AMERICAN woman with a boy wishes situa-
tion as housekeeper or cook- on ranch; best
of references. 1137 Mission at.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist In pay-
ment for board. Address box 1052, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do chamber-
work or pantrywork in a hotel or restau-
rant. 919 Jessie st.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as house-
keeper or light housework. Address 1513
Jackson st -
SITUATIONS WANTED— i_A_E.
FOR good help of any kind, male or female,
send orders to J. F. CROSETT & CO., Em-
ployment Agents, 62S Sacramento st.
2 SWEDISH boys, lately from old country,
understand all kinds of work; $10 to $12. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. .
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. tel. East 42«. ■■.
RELIABLE young man wants coffee and tea
route; salary or commission; good references.
Box 1586. Call office.
WANTED— situation in small hotel or
lodging-house for board and lodging; highest
references. Address box 1809, Call office.
BY young man; understands horses, cows and
garden; reference; state the wages. J. A
MACDONALD, San Leandro, Cal.
JOB printer, 18 years' experience In some of
the largest offices in East, would like work-
ing interest in .Job office. W., 915 Eddy st.
WOULD like to rent a small ranch where a
fair living can be m: -le, or would like a po-
sition In country. Box 159!>, Call office.
GERMAN of advanced years who understands
farm work and the use of carpenter's tools,
desires a place to work at moderate wages.
Please address letters to _. JOOST, Harmony
Hotel, 735 Brannan st.
MAN and wife, German, wish positions In pri-
vate family or ranch; wife good cook; man
handy around house; wages moderate. Box
1830, Call office. ,
SHOE salesman; situation wanted; can fill in
time on repairing. S. TIPPINS, 834 Tele-
graph ave., Oakland.
>
STEADY and reliable young man wishes to
.find work in store or warehouse or do firing
'for a stationary engine; will give from $20 to
$30 bonus for good position. Please answer to
box 1046, Call office. •
YOUNG man wants - position in general mer-
chandise store in country or mining camp;
experience and . reference. Box 1051, Call.
AS engineer or at any mechanical work by
highly reliable young man of experience. 3941
Twenty-fourth st. . .
GEARY. 556— Young man good appearance;
good home; small wages; references; after
10 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
position. Address 1522 Polk st. •■ - ■ - -'■ :
STRONG young German desires situation of
any kind; strictly temperate. Box 1802. Call.
YOUNG ma., of good address wants • employ-
ment. Address box 1806. Call office.
INTELLIGENT man wants position around
private place; handy at any kind of work; 5
years in last place; best of references. Box
104!*, Call. .■-.,■•■■-
FIRST-CLASS German baker on bread and
cakes; Is able to make his own stock yeast;
city or country; also second hand. 342 Clem-
entina st. . : ■ .■ "■■'.-, ■■-■ »■•.-' ■■
THOROUGH engineer and machinist: years of
experience in city and mines. Address En-
gineer. : 777Majketat_________________
WINCHESTER House, 41 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free - bus
and baggage to and from ferry. . - -
HELP WANTED-FBMALB.
SECOND girl and sewing. $25; * c <*' k ." .i 0 .
American and German families. $.25 and $30.
German nurse, grown children. $2o; * alt _. e *f'
nice country restaurant. $25; 40 young girls
for housework at $15, $20 and $25. J. * ■
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutler st.
YOUNG girl; bakery; country; $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ,
NEAT nurse girl; $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter at.
COOK. $30; ranch cook, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 S-tter st. .
NEAT girl: light work; $15. MISS CULLEN,
326 Sutter St. .
COo'k, $30; ranch cook, $25; nurse, $25; 3 sec-
ond girls, $15 and $20 each; 15 housework girls,
city' and country. $20 and $25; 8 girls, assist,
$10 and $16. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
2 SECOND girls, $25 and $15; 6 waitresses. $20
and Jl5: 12 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 WAITRESSES, city, $20; 2 waitresses, south.
$2' 50 half fare paid; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20; chambermaid to wait, country, fare
paid, $20; fancy ironer for first-class hotel
laundry. $25 to $30. call early; plain laun-
dress for city hotel, $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses. $5 and $6. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
4 COOKS, $20 and $25; 10 German and 5 Swed-
ish girls for housework, city and country, MU
and $25; 25 girls for city and country. $lf to
$25; nurse girl for 1 child in hotel. » lee P
home: places for girls of all nationalities;
parlor maid, city references, $25. C. R. HAA-
SEN _ CO., 104 Geary st. ,
GERMAN nursery governess, one accustomed
to care of children about 7 to 10 years old;
one who can travel; $25. C. R. HANSEN _
CO.. 104 Geary st. i
WANTED— 2 waitresses, same country h0te1....
Girls for housework and cooking, country;
ran.-h cooks, $20. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay St. .
WANTED— Cooks, waitresses, chambermaids,
nursegirls and girls for housework. MRS.
HIRD, 631 Larkin st.
BATHWOMAX springs. $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— An American woman between 25.
and 35 years of age; must be a good plain
cook and an agreeable companion to lady who
Is alone most of the time: two in family:
wages $10; no washing. Call between 10 and
12 to-day. 110S>_ Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Young woman to do light house-
work; wages $8. 2 Clarence- court, off Bu-
chanan st., between O'Farrell and Geary.
NEAT elderly woman with references for
housework: small family; $10. Apply after
4 o'clock. 2530 McAllister st.
PROTESTANT girl to take care of Infant;
must know how to sew. 2230 Pacific ave.
GIRL to assist in housework; references; must
sleep home. 1411 Jackson st.
FINISHER and buttonhole maker on custom
coats; good wages; steady work. 138 Russ st.
EXPERIENCED tailoress wp.nted. 2514 Baker
st., between Green and Greenwich.
APPRENTICES on- tailor-made suits: neat
sewers paid. 11? McAllister st.
WANTED — A young woman for cooking. 28
Steuart st. ; upstairs.
GOOD finishers on pants; steady work. 272
Stevenson st.
WOMAN to take plain family washing at
home; no starching; 75c weekly. lIS Eddy at.
AN Improver to the dressmaking. 404 Lar-
kin st.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking in Ger-
man family. 1456 O Farrell st.
ONE experienced skirtmaker. 1411 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice girl on coats. 927
Market st.. room 502.
BODY ironer at St. Nicholas Laundry. Seven-
teenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED — Good finishers on custom coats:
must put in buttonholes. 409 Clementina st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1134
Turk st.
GIRL for housework, American family of 2;
wages $20; plain cooking. 631 Larkin st.
WANTED— A reliable girl to take care of baby.
Call 2210 California st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; sleep at
home; wages $8 per month. Call at 431 Va-
lencia t-t. after 6 p. m.
WANTED— TaIent for amateur night at tha
Olympia; liberal terms to right parties. Ap-
ply manager Olympia. Eddy st., corner Ma-
son, daily, 1 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
1198 Treat ave., corner Twenty-fifth st.
WANTED— Two neat young girls to assist pro-
prietor In roadside resort; one playing piano
preferred. Address box 1501, Call Office.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady employment. 516 Ellis gt.
yOUNG girl for housework; wages $12. Apply
2042 Green st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose ave.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. 36>* Fremont st.
LEARN sewing at KEISTERS; good positions;
patterns, 10c up. US McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
2000 LABORERS and rockmen wanted for work
in British Columbia on the
Skaguay and White Pass Railroad.
They have sub-contracts and station work,
both rock and earth.
They pay $1 to $1 50 per yard for rock.
They pay 25c to 35c per yard for earth.
They pay 30c per hour for laborers, witk
privilege to put in all the extra time pos-
sible. Guarantee steady employment to day
laborers.
They have miles of side-hill station work.
All supplies furnished sub-contractors and
station men at reasonable prices. Not neces-
sary to board in company's camp.
Go now! Fare only $16, including meals on
board tha steamer from here to Skaguay, via
Seattle. Go now, before the fares go up.
Apply for tickets to
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.. San
Francisco.
6 ROUGH rock quarrymen, $2 a day, 15c fare:
10 slate splitters, $2 60 a day, see boss here;
10 woodchoppers, $1 50 a cord. 14-inch oak;
2 laborers lor a sawmill, see boss here, $20
and board; 6 farmers for an orchard, $20; I
Scandinavian farmers for the same fruit
ranch, $20 and board.
Farmer and wife for a vineyard company,
$50 and found, steady place the year round.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD camp conk, $50, free fare; cook,
private hotel, $10; cook, small restaurant and
oyster house, $11 a week; waiter, $40; waiter.
$25; kitchen hands. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary st. •
STEWARD of good appearance to take charge
of the kitchen and dining-room of a country
hotel; $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
AN office boy who knows the city and lives
with his parents for this office. C. R. HAN-
SEN & C<*., 104 Geary st.
GANG of railroad teamsters and laborers for
the coast railroad; free fare. C. R, HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 LABORERS for a sawmill, south; $28 to $35
and board a month. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ___
CHEF; $so! C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary
street.
MURRAY & READY. ...MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want Monday, 7 a. m
96 more men for ARIZONA
FREE FARE.
93 2 and 4 horse teamsters $1 85 to $1 75 day
36 laborers $1 75 day
To the Sawmills and Woods
83 laborers $26 and f*und
To the Farms, etc
is~ farm and orchard hands, J26, $25, $20 and
f crund
3 milkers $30 and $25 and found
Married Farmers and wives
3 choreboys $15 and $10 and found
3 boys to do chores on ranches.. slo and found
3 stablemen, city $30 and found
24 teamsters, city Jobs $1 7a day
26 laborers, city Jobs $175 day
3 laborers, city manufacturing company
15 laborers, lime kiln, country
3 boys to learn trades $3 week
64 woodchoppers $2 50 and $1 cord
95 tiemakers Bc, 9c and He each
Sawyer for planing-mill
10 Italian laborers $26 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
5 CARPENTERS, country Job^ $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TAILOR, country Laundryman, hotel.
MUR RAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BUTCHER, near city Barber, country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS Walters Dishwashers
5 hotel cooks $50, $40 and $35 and $30
6 restaurant cooks $50, $45. $25 and found
2 cooks for Seattle $ioo
6 dishwashers $25. $20 and $15 and found
g waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
2 waiter boys $15 and found
* MURRAY &■ READY
634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Foreman, fruit farmer, young man
with California references, $500 year; houae
painter; 4 woodchoppers. $1 50 cord; man to
clear land; 5 coal miners. $1 ton; laborers for
mill and woods, $20 and $26 and found; ta-
male maker, $25 and found; young saloon por-
ter, $15 and found; pantryman. $6 week;
cooks, waiters and others. Apply J F
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
MAN and wife for a small ranch; $40. MRS-
NORTON, 313 Sutter «t.HELP WASTED- Continued.
10 LABORER* for quarry," city, $30 and board;
2 scraper tJ.msters, :. $1 60 . a day ; . ■10 ■ wood-
choppers. 90* to $1 40 a cord; choreman, $15;
3 waiters, country," $30. R. T. WARD & CO.,
COS and £10 Clay st. ■." . f
WANTED — A >"Un£ man to learn pants press-
ing, or one with some" experience preferred.
S3 Third St.; upstairs.
TALL strong of nee boy; has. to go errands and
make himself generally useful. Apply room
2. 995 Market st.
WAITER wanted at 217 Sixth st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission St., cor.
Fourth. i ■ ,
MARKER wonted. Sun Laundry, Nineteenth
st. and Telegraph ave., Oakland. _
BOY to learn horseshoeins and blftcksmlthlng.
Apply 171S Flllmorc St. "*
BOY wanted at Lick Laundry^ 9 Lick place.
WANTED— Second cook and elderly man to
wait on table. 1012 Battery "St.
WANTED— Man to work around hotel. Cor-
ner Bay and .Webster st3. .
EXPERIENCED feeder on Job printing presses.
16 Fremont st. ■.-'■'■■" -
WANTED— 3 men to distribute circulars. Apply
106 Pine £t.
WANTED— Blacksmith helper on wagon work.
406 Eleventh st. '
STRST-CLASB operator for ladies' tailoring;
good wages and steady work. 132S Polk st.
•STRONG boy with experience In coal yard.
1327 Mission st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; owner retiring
from business. Apply 324 Grant ave.
ANDRE'S Employment Office, men wanted
for different positions. Call at the. office, 316
Stockton s«. --- .' '
BOY who has served a couple of years at the
manufacturing jeweler's trade. TUCKET _
KLINE. 230 Sutter at. .■ -
FRENCH polisher on small woodwork. Ad-
dress box 1592. Call office.
COAL miner* wanted. Tesla Coal Company,
828 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
EXPERIENCED ladies' tailor: good wages;
steady employment. M. J. , KELLER CO.,
Oakland.
TRY Lindell House, Sixth & Howard sts.;.
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms; 15c, 25c night.-
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages ot 21 and
80 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; mutt be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
- information apply at the recruiting office. 23
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cat.
TO Tailors — Good coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply at 11 at the Stevenson-st. en-
trance. CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market at.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c, 25c per night, 76c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
ISO PAIRS men's second-hand shoes. 23c to $1.
562 Mission at., bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 761V4 Mission
Bt., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soleing. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st. ;
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant ave.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at Jan
Francisco Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS ' and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. £04 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth. J
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
, 1 AGENTS WANTED.
\OE.V^or oaly official • _Ustory of Our War
With — Causes, Incidents and Results,"
*t. Civil, Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
*' engravings. By Hon. Henry 3. Russell. Sen.
; Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston (Nebr.)
'(Greatest seller ever known-. 1000 more agents
» -ited. We pay freight, give credit. Writs ,
*»r»YiiSrm3 and territory to sole publishers. |
f «fa»g3>-.yGTON & CO.. Hartford. Conn.
Wa/nTED— Agents: both sexes; city and coun-
try. Addre3? 8. E. Co., 632 Mission St.. rm. 5.
■WtANTED— Agents; men or women; an article
Avery family needs: first introduced In State:
/«S to $10 per day: hours 10:30 to 2:30. Golden
' West Hotel. 32-34-36 Ellis St., room 27.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty: Just in. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
elty Co.. 1155H Washington St.. Oakland.
PARTNERS WANTED.
I PARTNER wanted In old established hay.
grain, wood, coal and llvsry business; 25
horses; price $1500, part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring. Box 1588.. Call office.
PARTNER wanted with $5000. gent or lady. In
a fine paying mercantile business in Los An-
geles Citv- fully open for most rigid investi-
gation. For full particulars address G. H. L.,
1000 Golden Gate ave.
~~~ HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— couple and daughter 7 '
years old desire furnished rooms for house-
keeping with private family; business man;
permanent. Address or call 8., 308 Pine St.,
Sun Fire Office of London. .
— Furnished cottage, with modern
conveniences, for man and wife. Addres Re-
liable. box 1816. Call o_n>c
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To purchase the machinery of a
flouring mill; state particulars and price. A.
F. SUTHERLAND. Clear Lake, Wash.
WANTED — piano. Address with
description and price, box IS 19. Call office. .
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: Becond-hand. 108 Montgomery st. ■
I EDUCATIONAL.
A PRACTICAL EDUCATION.
A 3 years' course In the night school at the
Young Men's Christian Association, 6 months
of the year: studies in bookkeeping, arith-
metic, algebra, geometry, mechanical, archi-
tectural and free-hand drawing, stenography
and typewriting, elocution, English, German,
Spanish, electricity, civics and good citizen-
ship, physiology and hyglen*: international
examinations held and certificates given, rec-
ognized by over 60 colleges and universities
In different parts of the country; special in-
ducement to young men; call or send for edu-
cational prospectus; membership : ticket in-
cludes all other privileges, lectures, enter-'
tainments, university extension course, gym-
nasium, instruction in swimming, «tc H. .J.
McCOY, General Secretary. . ■■■-.. . . y
HEALD'B Business College, 84 Post Book-
keeping, business - practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil , and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1832; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. : Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, ttlegraphy, penmanship. English
branche*. etc.; life scholarship, $50; low: rates
per week and month. ■ . .
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth st., near Sanchez.- • ■■
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Market
at.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years. ->:--
"i:FKlX ( "I School,; civil, electrical,' mtn-
In jr. mech. survey, assay, arch It. ; day* eve.;
*«t. ISB4. VAN DER NAILLEN, ?33 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory: F. CooUe Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Frees Club bldg., 12:5 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER. 628
Turk «t.. bet. Larkln and Polk.'- .^
~~~~~~ PHYSICIANS.
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine, $1 50; open 9:30 to S. .997
Market, cor. 6th, opp. Welnstock & Lubln's.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, . office and . residence. j
1106 Market: dlseafeg of women a specialty.
_ iuCYCI-BSr""
SECOND-HAND bicycle* from J9 up; new cirls'
wheels, $1S; new lSi7 high i^rade jIOO bfcycle
for J?9; new tires, »2; new pedals, ft. 25 a pair;
repairing. JOSKPH HOLLE. 2Cth and Fol-om.
SAFES- "
CAFES— New. and second, hand; cheaper,.- than
tver. Herman Safe Manfc. 417-423 Sacramento."
" ~ TO; LEASE. "
OIL '. territory 'I to lease ;on ' royalty. Address
Royally, : box 1032, Call office. . s.. ■•■--,,;.*'
. - gTOHAOE. ',-.■■ .-.I ■ ■ -'■-;■
-RUDOLPH • Storage and Moving Co.
*--«.-« *a* xu>mt mi. car. PoVell: t&L Main K7JX.
niTSIIV_SS CHANCES.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St., the
old established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in I'cuntry towns.
$750— HALF of well paying, pleasant commis-
sion business; or v/ill rrn-!.; tor Al Oakland
Inquire WILKE _ UNFUG.
$375— BKST paying bakery In lively town near
San Francisco; must be sold this week, i
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market tit.
A— sBso; CORNER grocery and bar. with ele-
gant living rooms; low rent; flrst-elasts, pay-
ing: sickness only compels owner to sacrifice, i
WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market St. |
A— sl2oo; coal and v.-)odyard; established many !
vars; doing a splendid naming business; j
horses and wagons; lease; rent $25: death of
owner cause or sale; a genuine good invest- |
ment. Particulars WILKE & UNFUG. UCS j
Market st.
$300— BUTCHER business, old established; wag- j
on, 2 horses, large scales; fine locality; very
larpe trade; everything In fine running order;
see this at once. WILKE & UNFUG. 806
Market st.
$375— BAKERY and confectionery; flrat-class
ies«; splendid store trade; trial given; a
-in for somebody. Inquire WILKE <_
■<;. ?05 Market Bt
0; comer grocery In lively country town
close to this city; doing a good paying busi-
ness; Including house of 5 rooms, hard fin-
tahed; l^t 6Sx_o; horse, wagon, barn, etc. Par-
rs wilke _ UNKUfi, MS Market -t.
jQ rooms, finely furnished;
eplendid location for business: biggest bar-
gain In city. S. 11. GOULD _ CO.. succes-
sors to George Stewart & Co.. 632 Market st. _ !
A— ssso; PARTNER wanted in old-established, i
well -located brokerage business; Investigate !
this for your profit. GOULD & CO., 60Z >
Market st.
A— 1960; CANDY, stationery, notions and spe-
cialties; fine stock; eplendid location; big
trade; _ose investigation. GOULD & CO.,
SSI Market st.
A— s7so; FINK business In clo«e-by, live town. I
paying 1160 per month; thorough Investigation i
solicited. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
$800— BAKERY; Just across the bay; ba £lng 4
t.) 5 barrels flour per day; old established; o
horses. 3 wagons. 5 living rooms and bath;
seller owns property; is retiring and will
glvs his successor a good chance; best oner
in this line to-day. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
1300— FAMILY liquor store; corner; north Mar-
ket; old established; big paying; seller owns
building; will make rent cheap. M. ___b,
760 Market et.
$2750— HOTEL and bar In best part of city;
large bar trade; 20 living ruom.v a good in-
vestment; will bear Investigation; good rea-
eona for selling. M. LBS- * O >.. 76j Market.
\_WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
A— sl7s: delicacy store; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; well fitted up; selling account sickness.
National Business Ex.. 7 Grant ave.
$200— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar: clears $75 month.
i $250 Restaurant; No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$176— Branch bakery: Market at.; rent $15.
Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargain-- at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
(125— BRANCH bakery; pay* well; big bargain.
National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
KREDO & CO 22Va Geary st.
$450— Fine saloon; 10 nicely furnished rooms;
only $20 rent; a snap.
$2"o— Branch bakery and school supplies;
Just opposite 2 schools: nice living rooms.
-Cigar stand; cheap rent; will clear $75
month: look fit this.
i $300— PARTNER wanted in light indoor busl-
i ness that will pay $75 to $100 per month year-
! ly. Mi LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
fiOO— CORNER grocery' and bar: bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted In a light indoor busi-
ness that will pay $75 to $100 per month year-
ly. Mclaughlin & co., rrr Market st.
i $150— PARTNER wanted money making, legiti-
| mate business. RAND _ CO.. 917 Market st.
I FIRST-CLASS barber shop, paying business;
also lunch parlor. 309 Fourth ave., Rich-
mond Hill.
i BAKERY: only store trade; cash business;
; with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call.
_____ an offer— Half or whole interest in best
paying restaurant in Oakland; present owner
there 7 .wars; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest investigation and
trial before buying. Owner, Call. Oakland.
FOR sale— Established business, stock, fixtures,
■with exclusive Pacific Coast rights; good op-
portunity; parties going East. Box 1359. Call.
HALF interest 15c first-class 4-chair barber
shop. 906 Washington St., Oakland.
FOR SALE— OId established wine and liquor
house. Call 117 Battery st.
GOOD grocery and liquors; no opposition.
Filbert and Laguna sts.
A— S3SO— STATIONERY store. Apply 703 Broad -
v.-ay Et.
NEAT restaurant for sale cheap. Call at 1205
Market st.. near Eighth.
$6(IO— GROCERY and bar; living rooms: owner
Bick- must be sold. N. LOEWENSTEIN,
Market st.
$500— SALOON; 8 furnished living rooms; good
location; bargain. N. Loewen3teln. 1023^ Mkt.
PARTNER for livery stable; $1000; bargain for
steady man. N. LOWENSTEIN. 1023H Markt.
$250— HALF Interest In a good laundry route;
great chance for steady man. N. LOE-
WENSTEIN, 1023% Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted In butcher business;
eteady man only. N. LOEWENSTEIN, 1023V4
Market st.
MILK business, $200 capital required; who will
po in with me? I am 22; have 4 horses, 1
double, 1 single wagon, cans, etc.; now is
the time. A. G., Call Branch office. 106 Elev-
enth.
FOR Sale— A bargain: the Nickel saloon, with
utock. fittings, fixtures and pianoforte. 15S
Seventh St., near new Poltofflce site.
HOTEL, furniture and lot can be bought for
$1300. Call at 256 Third st.
$1100— SALOON ; 17 furnished rooms, all full;
this is a bargain; rent $20; horse, buggy,
piano; clearing $200 monthly. 865 Market.
BROKER or promoter wanted to organtxe, in-
corporate and place stock of a company; state
terms and address Company, box 1031. Call.
FOR SALE — Saloon, restaurant and 15 rooms;
fine yard and stable; on city front, close to
docks; a bargain. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT, oyster house; large trade; cen-
tral; completely equipped; $450; quick. Box
1?,64, Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon and shooting gal-
lery; cheap. 319 Third St.; rent $20 per month.
BRANDT'S restaurant for sale. 2876 Sixteenth
st., near Howard.. . »..■ ■ "
CORNER Oak and Franklin— Store suitable for
any business; low rent. Apply 15 Grant ave.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as " wanted at lowest prices. 167-108
Beale st. . ■ -" - ■-. . -'-■-' •'•'.- '"' ' ;
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In th» United
Etatee.. postpaid, for $1 60 a year.
LODGING HOIiSKS FOB 5 ALB.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
10-room house; only $186
| 21 rooms; corner; clears $150....; 550
46-room house; corner ..." 1200
24 rooms: clears $100. ...*.'..'....»«..... •••'•••"' .600
14 rooms on Powell st. : new 760
22 rooms near city Hall ••••" 800
60 rooms; clears $100; 0n1y.... ............. r 700
10 rooms all rented; business street:..... 300
I Hl S HO C^ E < S : ALL B°i n Z E e ar iNbPR I0I 0
CALL, I CAN SUIT YOU. " , DEcKER: .
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
DECKER'S best bargain iB a 45 rooming and
boarding house; all in payments; see him at
-. office. 1O2(T Market Bt. . • .. / .w"' r .
A-KREDO * CO ........ .........22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
_- 7 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor
St.; will clear $25 :...........-...........$ 200
S rooms; Eddy St.; well furnished and
- -' central r look at . this „■ ...........'.....■.■- 650
11 rooms; O'Farrell st.: cost $1500; must
sell on account Of departure ' ......." 650
12 rooms; McAllister; rent , $40; always -
, full: will clear $50. ............ ..... ....... 325
■ 16 rooms; boarding; no rent; $800 cash;'
K- balance mortgage ..'............■...."...:.. 1000
3S rooms; tine corner; furniture and car-
j . pets all good; ront $90 ................ 1100
S22S— 2O rooms, -near Market; clears $60 month-
ly" a giveaway. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary.
I 12 ROOMS on Ellis St.; cost $2000: new fur-
; niture: only :.....*.....;•..:••. $1100
30 rooms; north of Market St.; fine ...... 1500
7C rooms: select;- transient;, corner....'.... 3500
' §? 'n^rth^of -MaVkeir clea»:si2s" l|oB
: VTor aSTSr Wi* Wl^
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSED & im Mftrket y
t, W 'ROGERS, clerk (formerly clerk for
H. 'C. DECKER). •-■.-■ ••- -
LOOK AT . OUR BARGAINS— ~' ~~~
LlOL 10 rooms." r...:,..»175 18 rooms: fine $550
ir rooms ;.V..:.... 250 20 roomsi.snap 600
I? S:"" 700 50 rooms.. 1250
National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
WAlTED— Tenants '. for '73 ' and '• 100-room 7. new
>T^u.er^Tj SPECK <& ; CO.'S, 602 . Market st. -A
TURK.!I27-^Lodg!ng house, 15 rooms; carpenter
- shop :' nice location ; ■ cheap. ;- ; -: * . - •.; ■ • -• ..
O'FARRE_L, 553— First-clans house of 9 rooms;
:.;5 completely furnished. -: ", - ■.'. : :..j
i MARKET Branch ' office of The v Call.
IZ7._* -A. mmA »ul»a»-'-' J "« *•!—•- I
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOYEMBEE 7, 1898.
HOUSES TO LETT
A— SUNNY NE. corner house in i the * Western-
.- Addition 14 rooms; modern; would do nicely
for a - private  boarding-house. Incuire "> 006
'-•:. Devlsadero Bt.. corner -' McAllister. ■- J -;•
' AT 26 Morris ave., off Harrison st._ near Sixth—
'• bunny 5 big-room house, , good ■■: repair, $13; ;
water free; big yard; big cellai?. : ; •-: ;%-. .-■■--:-
BROADWAY, IS9G— 9 rooms, batla; furnished;
■Bunny; ' marine , view. Apply :on premises: ■■
■ ELLIS ' ST.— 7- room house, , bath, large yard,
; rent $15. Apply 626 Eddy gt. --..- ■- . ; ■ ." '-
JONES, 2120 — House,: 4 -rooms,, wash kitchen
and yard. - :-/-: . ■. ' .. j
JUST completed; lodging-house, ~37 rooms; all
sunny and ' on one floor. . ■■ South corner
■; Sixth and Shipley st3. : . ."^ ; ;', . : --■• ■ v
PERRY. 208, near — 4 rooms and yard;
/ rent $S; water free. Apply-to G-. 11. U_B-
SEN & CO. ~> --.:-" •..-.••.. ' . '• ■:-"■■'-'- :
POINT LOBOS ave., 913— House of 5 rooms and
yard; rent $12. •*;"■•..•/■.■■•• • I a-'- ■ f r'\ >;-■... ■ . ■
WE can rent you ' a house ; with or without a \
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
. . gomery : Ft. *. ■ ; ' , ■ . : '■ ;. ■".-. V'-- - ?V ■ __ j
$12 — 5 LARGE rooms, one floor. ■ 5 Pine place,' •
oft Pine St., bet. Mason and Taylor. -
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— San Mateo cars to Thirty-
' fourth «t. ; 3 rooms, large. yard, $6 per month.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and : bath. , JS34 Nine-
- teenth at.% . - / :."■•.;:--. - : .'
niiMsiii;!) PLATS.
COMFORTABLE, furnished upperflat, 6 rooms; f
bath; garden. 835 Fulton st. ; key In lower flat.
FLATS TO LET.
NICE, cozy 4-room flat; Ellis -and Mason j
sts.; $15. SPECK ; & CO.. 602 Market t»t_ . ,
FLAT. 8 rooms, . bath, yard, cellar; • $18; also
flat 8 rooms, yard, cellar; $7. 915 Filbert st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1138, near Webster—
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms. ■ ■ ;
HAIGHT, Modem upper flat, 7 light sun-
ny rooms and bath; yard and basement; rent
reasonable. -*■*• .'" . ' :
HAYES. 339- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
;■■ ecriptlons and ads taken. . ■. •
HENRY. 132. near Noe— Flat, 6 rooms and
bath; stable. . ..,-
HYDE, 1720— 6 new choice rooms, $_7; also cot-
tage. 6 rooms, $15. ■ . '."•;■
MINNA, 904. near Tenth— 4 rooms and
bath. -.. :. ■' -.. _____
MOSS, 30%. between Sixth and Seventh, off
" Howard — bay-window flat, 5 rooms;
; large yard; basement; rent reduced. ,
STOCKTON place, 22, between Grant ave. and
Stockton— Flat, 4 sunny rooms.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 4 rooms; cheap. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts.
TEHAMA, 62. nr. Second— Lower part st house,
3 large rooms, $9; good order; very cheap.
UPPER flat; 3 oholce sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom, $12. 2419 Clay St.. near FUlmore.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
Biun St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
2 NICE rooms, kitchen, yard and basement; $7;
upper flat 5 rooms, bath and conservatory. $12.
16 Folsom ave., off Folsom St., near Eighth.
6 LARGE rooms and bath; in fine condition;
all modern: rent very reasonable. 305 Grove
St., near Franklin.
$B— LOWER flat; 4 rooms. Apply 2043 Bryant
ave., near Twenty-fifth st.
$9— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
Apply 15 Grant ave.
$12 AND $13; sunny flats: range; hot and cold
water. 101 Prospect place, cor. Sacramento st.
$14—5 SUNNY rooms. 918 Geary St.. between
Polk and Larkin; apply on the premises.
ROOMS FOK HOUSEKEEPING,.
BUSH, 1203—3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas and bath.
EDDY, 118— Sunny back room; running water;
range; $6 month.
EDDY, 917— Floor 4 rooms; sunny; large;
beautifully furnished; housekeeping; splen-
did location.
', EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, from
S5 up; also rooms for housekeeping, cheap.
EDDY, 305 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
room; reasonable; private family.
EIGHTH, 34 — Sunny front parlor, with one or
two bedrooms and kitchen; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping-; private family; bath.
ELLIS, 532—4 sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— slo; 3 sunny un-
furnished rooms: good yard.
FIFTH. 3.'.3— Furnished housekeeping;; 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath, $20; alao 3, $12; single, *5.
FOLSOM, 870 — Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; double and single; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 2848 — 3 or 4 sunny; front back parlor;
kiti-hen; gas stove: unfurnished.
GEARY, 556 — Sunny large front room suites:
double and single rooms: priv. housekeeping.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Nees ave.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room euite. with gas range.
H'IUARD, SOS^i. nr. Fourth— Sunny furnished
back and front rooms: hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1068 — Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD, 1324—2 large rooms; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
JACKSON, 920— Sunny front large furnished
housekeeping rooms, $8 and $9; pinglc. $4.
JONES, 117 — 2 nicely furnished sunny suites;
housekeeping privileges; $10 r.nd $12; private.
MINNA, 620%— Nice sunny front room for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.*, .-
MISSION, 945— Nice front room f and kitchen,
with folding bed; complete for housekeeping. j
NINETEENTH, 3267. near Howard— 2 rooms
complete for housekeeping, bath; more • or
company's sake. •■ ■ - ; r
NOB Hill— sunny .. rooms,' bath, ■ partly fur-
nished; housekeeping; adults. Box 1033. Call.
OAK, — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping, $8 and $5. -
OAK. 1193—3 or *4 • furnished rooms; entrance
park; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single, r
PINE, 1931— unfurnished rooms. r. -• ■ \ \: '-,'
POLK, 60S— 2 or ; 4 unfurnished ; connecting
housekeeping rooms; sunny; first-class; rea-
sonable.
SHIPLEY, 2.'.9— 4 housekeeping rooms, $6; house
.new; no children; no dogs. . ...
SIXTH, 216^— Housekeeping rooms, thoroughly
renovated: also single; running water; - r;as.
SIXTH, 561— 8 large 'sunny rooms, unfurnished;
■.'. cellar; large yard; rent cheap. ■
SUNNY appe"r flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St., near Seventh: $17.
TAYLOR, 323— Sunny front light housekeeping
rooms, bath and gaff. $10 and $12. "- *.py
THE Piedmont, 119A Sixth St.— 2 o* 2 rooms;
| furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD, 309— Large sunny furnished room com-
plete for housekeeping, ,$7 a month. " . : ,:-.: -•;;.
THREE :: or 4': unfurnished I rooms " with bath,
" etc., for refined party of adults ;; German pre-
" erred; Western Addition; . references. ~ Box
1811. Call office. ' . -.'.'..■;-•-.
TWELFTH, ' 230C— Large- sunny housekeeping
rooms; private family: enable.
KOOMB TO 1 LET.
ARLINGTON ; House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny . rooms, en suite or tingle; first-clas* ;
In every respect: terms reasonable. ■ ;._. ■ ;
AT 62 Second— Double rooms per week, ' $1 50 to
•.:? $3; single, $1 to $150; day. 25c to SOc. . .:< v
BALBOA, The 1043A Market— Changed i hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, = suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr: tel.
BUSH, 806— Nicely furnished ; double . room. $7
month; other rooms reasonable. v::
CALII'XJRNIA, 832-r-An elegant suite of sunny
furnished rooms, ; suitable for 2. gentlemen;;
.board if desired. '■• :. ■■■ . -■" >.:-.;.-:.'■- v 1 . ••.--/■•■;
DELAWARE, . 1433 - Market— Furnished or un-
,- furnished single and double rm». : $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, I*B— Sunny, front suite, grate, reason-
able and pleasant; also single, cheap.
ELLIS, 317— Nicely furnished alcove for three
gentlemen; single rooms.
ELLIS, 62f. — The newest, prettiest, sunniest
parlor suite In the city; corner; private home;
gentlemen; see It to-day.
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
■ dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GLOBfc; House, 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; week, $1 to |4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, 435— Nicely furnished front
room; bath, gas, etc.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Plrasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT. 542— Part of a sunny Oat; 2, 3 or 5
rooms; unfurnished; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 CO to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell »t.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor — Elegant
■uiUui and Blnsrl. rzns. : traslent. Mrs. J. LTLnic.
: . ROOMS : : 'T*6\:Li2'rr— Continued.':'. ■
KEARNY, 230— New furnished 1 front f. rooms;
:'-: single or j double ;v; v central; reasonable. .; ■ :j;
MARKET, ;i007V4 ; -Changed hands; suites or sin-
, ele;,reaa. MRS. KITTY I DOWNING. Prop. ■:
McALLISTER, ;■ 635— Elegant t furnished rooms,
suitable i for ; housekeeping ; \ private ; family .1 -y.
MINNA; - 667, V corner i Eighth— Newly j furnished
• bay-window room, •$1 . per week; transient. :-;.".-.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished ' rooms ; ele-
1 vator; electric lights^ day; week or month. \
, PERRY, 174— Large sunny front -- bay-window
room. with use or bath. ; v ; . .-• '.-■ ■ ,
POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— rooms;
suite or single ; ■ also : transient; ; rent cheap. .
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
"furnished rooms;, reasonable. ..y . V-.'-'r ■"
SEVENTH,; 192. near Howard (Glrard House)—
-._ Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN 7 Apartment : House. ; 28 : Eighth St.,
near — Furnished and unfurnished, v -;s
SIXTH, 136— Room ; . : suitable for . two ; light
: housekeeping allowed. . . • ,
' SUTTER, 1111— Nicely ■ furnished rooms, - single
'. or en : suite; •. very reasonable; also housekpg.
TAYLOR, 209— Newly , furnished >; sunny front
•-.'■: window room for 2 gents; private; $16.
TAYLOR. C24— Furnished bay-window and cor-
. ': ner rooms; air sunny; 2 . boarders. _£S_3S_B£
THE BRUNSWICK. US Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located; rooms
-en suito or single, 25c to $1 night;. $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains. ;■
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp.Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
•■' 2 kitchens for tenants for light hourekeeplng.
VAN ' NESS ave.. Handsome . sunny bay-
window - alcove; ; private - residence; modern
conveniences; terms low. . . :. ...■■■■
VAN NESS ave., 300— Sunny : double parlors,
suitable for doctor or dentist; also single rms.
VERONA. 7. off Third— Single front, room; pri-
vate family.
ROOMS AMD BOARD.
A_^OTS^63tDT"ThB—
Broadway and Polk sta. Quiet, homelike: t«rnu
1 moderate board optional; all cars direct. ; •
BOARDING houses find it to • their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market. '
BUSH, — Genteel board and room for gentle-
man and wife; hot and cold water.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for 2 gentle-
, men: home cooking; parlor, piano; $22 50 each."
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished room with
board. . ".- ■- •-• :; ■. ■ ■•.-•■■■■:.*.••>;- "M
VAN NESB ave.. 619— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table boar i.
CHILDREN IIOARDED.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes to have 2 or J
children to board; good home; mpther's care.
2828 Laguna St., noar Union.
CARE of infant or small child by responsible
lady: terms $10. 776 Stevenson st.
STORES TO LKT.
MARKET. 1032, near Mason— Front suite, first
floor; for doctor or business; terms reas-
onable.
PACIFIC, 328, near Sansome — Handsome large
store; very cheap to good tenant.
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard; fixtures
for saloon. Apply 2S3S Mission s>t.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 30
. to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash ond J6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; trices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in eood second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good planes for $3, £4 an 1
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ms., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. S
YOU want a piano. Why not call on u«?
BCOTT, CURTAZ «fr CO. We rent, w *ell,
we buy for cash. We own our own bunding.
We guarantee anything purchased from us
for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Check-
ering, Steclc, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
DECKER ft SON pianos tsha the lead, as thajr
are best In quality, ton? and finish; prices ars
low. MAUVAIS. 7C9 Market st.
VERY elaborate cased, high grade piano, per-
fectly • new. i offered -at a great sacrifice - for
cash. Room 10. Flood building. . , , - .
STEINWAY & SONS' piano for sale;- reason-
able; parties going East; no dealers. 1217*4
.Howard st. „ _ - •
t6O— UPRIGHT plar.o: good tune; for sale on
$5 installments. 1115 Post st. .
AN elegant Steinway. upricht for 5250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ave.
t A PIANO ' that will ; please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 80S Post St. - - --:■■-.
■ * ■ ■ ■
HAINES'. Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W.C. HAMILTON, 324 Post
$30— Elegant Emerson piano: bargain. Scnmltx, ;
16 McAllister St.. nest Hibernla Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant, :
V. powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
1 "AD" smallest; "prices lowest; uprights, Hj up; ,
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. .
KNAEE pianos: new scale: new i .yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. !
MULLER. maker, repairer. ".Latham place.
HORSES.
CO HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia st.. between Thir-
- teenth and Fourteenth ; also buggies, wagons,
,:" harness.' etc., at your own price. :
40 ■: HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness:': Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
: ket. 327 Sixth; auction : sales every Wednes-
day, sullivan & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
-*■' 2000 lbs. 'Occldentnl "Saleayarda. 721 Howard.
: vsWACOXS AM) CARRIA.CHBS.
SPECIAL sal* of . harness : and vehicles." Lle-
.. bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR sale— A thoroughbred : mastiff. • Inquire at
>.17: Thirtieth -st.'--:-:, •-.-.-» -';.-.■' . :
UPRIGHT piano, only slightly used; standard
make; sell cheap; must sell. Address or call
, • at 1096 Post st. ■,: -. ■: ; r \ - -
MONITOR steel range. .- 1801 Guerrero st. -
REDWOOD moldings; 20,000 feet new, modern;
quarter i-xi-ar price. Apply liv rear of 2618
.il»ln«'i>t. . DUNCAN. .:.-; •:: . ■:■■
CIRCULAR saw. drilling attachment, $15; bar-
gain. 1 Room 709, 527 . Market at.. •. 10 to 4 p. . m.
1 AND 2 bowi barber washstanda, cheap, HUF-
•■:,; SCHMIDT,. 623 Golden Gate ave. . > . .;
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
; . INTOSH ■ & WOLPMAN. :i 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furnitur*, store and office fur-
niture and llxtures; new and second hand. J.
NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND lumber: old buildings bought
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd. 619 Mission: tel. Br. 331.
ENGINE boiler, pumps, pulley.t. shftng.. Indry.
mchy., dynamop, 2ti hand. White. 616 Mission.
PHONOGRAPHS, |20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectOßCOpe. 5100. Baclgalupi, 938-U52 Market.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 75»7.
BAFES— Bargains In new anrl second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 10S-111 Market. S. F.
HBwnre ma< minks.
AUTOMATIC," Domestic, Singer fi and I:, White
■;■; ■ cheap ;: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
|2 MONTHLY, rented : repaired, bought, sold:
% machine : supplies. ■ I*s ■ Sixth; ■ 'phone ■ Mint ' 45. :
ALL kinds : bought, sold, exchanged. ;. rented :<
-• repitlrlns : at ; lowast ■ rates. ■ 205 Fourth ; st. i ~:-:-
'• ■;:.■.;. CAKPETCLEANI KG.
CITY- j Steam l: Cafpet-cleanlngr k Works-Cleans, :
' moves, V lays carp*ts. i C." H. " STEVENS, • Mgr., ;
; I ZS and •40 . Eighth i if. ; \ telephone South 250. t^ • ;
WHEN you r become disgusted . witty poor j work
send i.-i to SHAULDING'S - v I'loneer : Carpet-
;. . beating 'WorkB : ; 353-57 Tehatna st. ; . tel. S. j 40.
CARPETB cleaned lat 3c' per yard: laid |at i 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at.; ■ tel. Jessie 944. 
J. K. MITCHELL : Carpet-clean; nt; Co.; 1 240 Mth
ti St.; 'cleaning.; So per yard : tel; Mission 74. ff;
CONKHN'S Carpet-beating - 333 Golden
 Gate ave. ;i tel. East 126. ; v ::, '<-'i
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st.;
- t«i. - Ma*n as*.'.: GEO WOLCOM. Proprietor. : •
PERSONAXI.
CORRESPONDENCE
worthy ladies of literary tastes willing to
make any investment desired In a publishing
enterprise; chance of a position. Address
box 1557. Cail office.
AN educated German, © years of age, having
some beautiful country residences, valued
from JIO.OCO to $12,000. would like to corre-
spond with German lady or widow, not over
30, with Home means, who would enjoy
country life: object matrimony; no trlflers.
Address Home, box 4, Call office, Oakland.
LEDEHER'S Quinonia should be applied to the
rjstts •>: the hair: promotes its growth; 25c
a bottle. G. LEl'Klliru. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERJCR, the up-to-iiit" hairdresser, offers
a better grade OI h&tr goo4s at less prices
than any "^ther dealor in town; call and see.
t;. LSD2IUSR, 123 Stockton st.
SEE the handsome pklrts and fur garments;
prices reduced; at HODGE'S, 005 Market st.
TOOTHACHE— Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops: lor sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' wimples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. r.»ar Market; 200 rooms 1 .
25c to $1 50 per nleht ; II U to $8 per week:
free 'bus Rn<l baggatre to and fram th» ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash price*.
»1 week. N.Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In o<-nilr.em«->it: diseases': of " .? women.
MRS. DR. KUNKR. HI! Slh St.. Alameda. '.
SUITS to order fin easy -installment*.;
LKMOS. 1117 Mnrk«i l *t.. bet. 7th xn-1 Sth.
URKSSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING. ladles' tailoring taught: P.
B F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns.. negligees, riding habit*,
coat?, capes, cycling suits; men and women'
teachers employed. 016 Mkt.. ''pp. Emporium.
TAYLOR. 23S— MRS. GRAY, stylish : dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
. specialty; reasonable. -. '■['.■■■-'■ ...V:
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIepaTit stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rma. 11-15.
ist'IIUTIALISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned. I
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she lias opened :of flees at The Vendome, 1104
Market: st. ■ " - ■ ■"'■:
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
' all clairvoyants, who sees It all, tells you all ;
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness. I
She never asks a question, but before }■ you j
utter a word she tells you in full of all that ;
you are Interested in; business/speculation, ;
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends ,
and enemies.
■ To the Sick Especially
'Her ; assistance Is priceless.; Her "Revealed
> Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, ■ consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart anil ner-
vous affections. . The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market, st. (The Vendome). ,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght.Bt. '<■:■*■ ; -
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 1 p. m.;
Men.. 8. 25c: sittings $1. - 233 Valencia »t.
CLAIM VO YANTS.
MRS. DR F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life;: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family trouble, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled . property; locates treasures,
■ minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spec-
ial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 23
and 26. 12C6 Market St.. opp. Sixth. '■■-:■
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant A cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight: diag-
nosis disease with full life reading; la. 60c;
gents |1; palm & clalr.; sit Jl 50. 12« Turk.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. IM&A Market st. ;
The Balboa.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. US Sixth, rm.lo.
MME. LKNEMAR: fortune by planets; pre-
dicted overdue Rtmr. Gould in '74. 23 1 4 6th, r.3.
AIRS. JEPSON tells past, present, future; L.
60c: G. |l. 775 22d. bet. West & Brush, Oaklnd.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 26c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: bustneas
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, 1 cradle Jo grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. E. BAI'MANN. the well-known fortune
teller, haw opened an of nee at 315 O'Farrell st.
MEDICAL. .. - :.
ALL cafes of monthly I Irregularities | restored
Instantly - (no matter what . cause); safe and
cure at any time; ray celebrated remedies and
' treatment have never been ' known •- to - fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; "strong
pills, Jl; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 2CB Turk St., near Jones. ■ - >•:
ALL Ladles— C : only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
t/-ue friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy,- privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. - MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, : $1 ; very strong, $2. .
ALL 'of ' Dr. Foulet's ' capsules : are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a . pre-
ventive; price %l 60 per box, ■ sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. ■ "WALLER BROS., M
Grant ave., =■ S. .F. • A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere . write us. ; .
NEW process sent for female ; trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In 'one day; safe and sure: no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation' free;
caves disgrace; pills and capsules. :$l; : cure.
. $3 . By . the well-known ladles' - physician for
87 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny M.-V/V
A TREATMENT that restores . instantly all
cases -of monthly ' irregularities from - what-
ever cause; no Instrument? used: guaranteed
cure at offlcs. S3; -travelers helped in3tantly;
consult free: confidential; hours, • 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market, st. :
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Uolden Gats
ave. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALFKAU'S French pills." a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until 'too -late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. DR.' SCHWARTZ, home. in confinement;
' treatment $2 50. ' 552 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland. ■
DEXTISTS.
A~METa'I" "plate for the • same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, Jj; crowns. $3; i fill-
ings, 60c;' teeth without plates s a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years; given on all
V; work; no students employed; extracting free
■:' when ■■ plates -are ordered;; consultation, free. 1
Modern - Dental . Parlors, - corner .' Market - and
H Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st. :. - '
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
> plates; light and f thin : guaranteed i 10 years;
r teeth without . plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns. i{3 50: all
i work painless and warranted: r Chicago ; Den- :
tal Parlors. 84 Sixth st. :. telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of ■■. painless extraction • and ? pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth. $5: fillings, gold, $1 up: allver. 2."c
• up: bridgework; r plates .-repaired; all ; work
painless and warranted 10 years. New - ! York
r Dentists.' P69 Mission st., corner Sixth. ■-..:-:.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental: Parlors: full set
of teeth, $.*> up: fillings, '2so up; all work pain-
less fin.l guaranteed to stand; open evenings.-
i : ■:037.: 037. Market st., corner Sixth. : "-. .- ■
SET -of teeth, . $4; : filling, gold 50c, sliver 25c;
■ crowns' J2;- open: 9 >». m. to 10 p. m. Paris
. Dental Parlors, ' 235 Kearny st. ■.-..■>- .. . ■. .-;. ;? -j
DR. ; LUDLUM .; HILL. a 1443 : Market V St.. near
•' Eleventh ; crowns, ; bridge work and , fillings ■a'
specialty ; all work . reasonable ; jraa given. d-j, c
ALIi work reasonable and warranted. '■'- DR. , J.
.:..' W. KEY.; 1320 Market St. .--.•■. -■■- ; ■"■■-"■'- :.>,: .>, :ty
SET: of teeth without a plate. . DR. H. G.
, YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ' ■>■■>
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— W. . P. ADAMS, ■' 622 '- Emma
:■ ■ • Epreckels : building, 927 , Market " et. ; charges
:*•- moderate.'.-. * -V>" ". ---.'• : -.. -..'.."•'■■■- --■•--'-•■.:•' ■'-:.•,'
ADVICE free: 7>7 > divorce ' laws: i private. V ' J,t' B.
■-• ?■ EVANS..' 14 ■ McAllister,"- next Hibernla Bank.
; CITY " Law ; and i Collection " Office; J advice j free.
'c\ 777 Market ■ st.'.- room-;7.'c-.v-A--.S ?-'r : -.rr.-n.r- 'niC
L; S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
'■■: .; ket; consultation free; no fees : in advance.' u^ ■
ADVICE free: no charge ; unless successful. W. ;
'^ W. DAVIDSON.' 927 Market st.'^''^ --.->?:
~ ;^. TYPEWRITERS. : } -
"ALL^tpe writers . Bold : and v rented > few •> partly
used -■ for • sale ; cheap j send { for . samples t and ?
y Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.:
A . HAMMOND, ; $26 ; : Caligraph. 115: 1 Tost, . |25 ;
. get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
CITT REAL ESTATE.
$3300— FINE northwest corner of Twenty-third
and Dolores sts.; fair 2-story building with
store Rnd 6-room flat; lot 50x57: there are 33
feet of this lot vacant, which can be Im-
proved to bring in large returns- want to
close out. Owner. GEO. B. M. OKAY, 454
Ninth st., Oakland.
! $350— LOOK! Look! Chance! Lot 44:6x103:4; 2
I car lines; a positive bargain; near Sunnyride.
i 21 Powell st., rooms 1 and 2.
ELEVENTH. IC«— Branch office ot Tb« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
COUNTRY REAL KSTATE.
110,000— ONE of Hay wards choicest homes; 17H
acres of land all in bearing trees, 11 acres
of which are prunes, balance apricots and
plums; all 12 years old; fine modern house
01 s rooms unl bath; barn, chicken hmises,
chickens horse, carriage; all terming tools;
house complc-tely furnished; sold 2 years ago
' for |17,000 cash; 10 minutes' walk to electric
cars and center of town. Owner, 154 Ninth
St., Oakland.
$1700—25 ACRES, 4 miles from Martinez, 15
minutes from the new railroad depot; 5 acres
in hill land, wood; 4 acres in table grapes;
nil bearing; family orchard; hou«e of 4 rooms,
bi'rn, «:iod well, horse, cow, wajon, chickens
and farming tools. J. A. Z., Martinez, Cal.
ICO ACRES 1H miles from the town of Red
Bluff; all level and fine grain or fruit land;
must be sold; make an offer. Box 1868, Call.
FOR I cheap ami -. desirable ,: czmsirs ' SRUM ."Cif
WatHonvllle, the home of the apple and sugar
beet, send for catalogue. ' R. P. QU-^N', real
estate, .Watson vi He, Cal.' ' ■ ; :
TO rect— A email orchard, with good house,
barn an.l chicken yard, near Oakland and
San Leandro electric railroad. Driver, ABER
& CO., Pan Lenndro.
180 ACRES fine creek land: Coos County. Or.;
15 per acre. Apply at Mj Sacramento at.
4 MARKJCT ST.- Branch rffW of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MIOPEKTY TO EXCHAXGE.
10 ACRES of land, near Fresno: best of soil;
bOBM, lam, well nnd irTlscatlnß water for
property around th« bay; $2000; clear. J. H.
ET>SON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
REDWOOD road property, 100x190. with good
4-room house; modern; for Oakland, Ala-
meda, Berkeley or Snn Francisco lots or
ranch. 1663 Twenty-fourth ave. By letter.
D. P., 180G Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
LOT IGoxC." and improvements. 1630. In San
Jose; or exchange. Address 112 Eleventh Ft.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to J022 Mission St.. abov*
Pixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Stcre, US Market st. ; telephone Green 104.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
movr.l: low ratep; no commission: 125 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion: lowest interest. Room 68. 117 1 Varket.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason, opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interest" in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C36 Market st.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want arts and subworintlona taken. v <--.'•
MONEY WASTED.
i OlL— Capital wanted for development of oil ter-
ritory on < a share -of • profits. Address Oil
Capital, box 1030. Call office.
FINANCIAL.
■ FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
: VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.!
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
i- OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
9 ROOMS: fine corner: central; rent reason-
able: don't miss: seeing this place. E. E.
BUNCE 908 Broadway, Oakland. • r
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats. $12 to $17; no dark rms.;
stove and porcelain bath: water, ash man
free; Adeline station, Oakland: key 940 Union
. st. KOKNIG & KROLL. ICO6 Broadway.'
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY j furnished housekeeping rooms;
.flats 3 or 4: also single. 1453-55 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
VVnsrfuPiE^Good nnd cheso. H. SCM eTTIT
. HAAS* old «t<'r«». 4f.t Kl«v">t" .« s-« M-n
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. ;
$1400— TO close -an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school. ■■ - - '■■■. :
I . $1000— Snap; lot 60x150; house of 4 room* ; 1
I blocks from Morton st. station. ■ -
— New . Colonial cottage. .7 rooms and
l bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central ave. ; lot 50x207. -See
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-'
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or ;■ build see ' our bargains.
Alameda Land Company. : : Installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park st., I
Alayeda. Col. --■ ■ *-' ■'.>.','' ' •;■'.. •---.• '~\'. !
BERKELEY A KEAL ' ESTATE. V,
FOR Sale— At a bargain: house of 4 rooms and
I basement;' lot r>oxl3s; fine view: only 3 blocks
North Berkeley depot: price $800: worth $1200. I
O. G. : MAY & CO.. 8123 Center st., - Berkeley. ;
— 5-room : cottaE'e: bath, laundry: 1% acres;
J2 min. walk to Berkeley sin. «Fr«ese &' Cod-
flinKtrn, 2119 : Stanford < pi;,' opp. • Berkeley stn.
FOR SALE— Only • $3500; new 7-room house; I all
■ latest improvements: near' the • university:
' large lot: street work all ? done. JOSEPH
J. MASON. n*al Rstate. B>»rk»W ■ ftntlon.
..... . ... * LOST. : - ■"-',.} : ■;; ; ; : ;
$10 REWARD for return to F. Joseph Loeher,
tailor, 115 Slitter ; St.. ; of : black overcoat, : left
at Woodward's Pavilion Saturday evening. .,
LOST— A passbook • with ; the Hibernia > Savings
and : Loan Society of ■ San ; Francisco. - In - the
name of C. FERGUSON. .-; No. 62-619. The
; finder will please return to bank. . : .- : -
" " LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the' City and County
'of San Francisco, State of California," Depart-
ment No . Amanda J. Fenn»ll, plaintiff,
vs i Gerald M. Fenr.ell, defendant. Action
- brought in the ' Superior  Court, ,--' City : ■ and
County of San : Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and the complaint *. filed In : said City
I and County '•■ of ■; San * Francisco. '■ In :. the office
I - of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
The People of the State of California send
greeting -to \ Gerald T ; M. s Fennel!, defendant.
| You are hereby required to appear In an ac-
! tlon brought against you by the above-named
plaintiff in the Superior- Court City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
and to answer the complaint filed therein
within ten days r, (exclusive ; of ■»■ the - day of
service) • after r the - service on you :;\ of ::■ this
1 summons, rlf ■ served within this : county; - or.
If served' elsewhere, within thirty days. -.:■:.. zi"
I The said action Is brought, to obtain a Judg-
i ment and decree of this court' dissolving the
bonds of ; matrimony ■ now existing > between
! ' plaintiff and defendant, upon the ground: of
i defendant's : desertion of plaintiff . and also < on
\ -the -ground' of -his '.wilful neglect or her; also :
> for general relief/. as ; will; more fully.' appear ;
In the complaint on file, to which special ref-
erence is hereby made. (j r; : ... ;■-, .,,-:,
. All of which will more fully appear In th«
complaint- on file herein ■to * which you art
hereby referred. "•..">/-.- ■•..--
■ • And you are hereby notified that if you fall
! to appear and answer the said ( complaint; fa»
above ' required, the said plaintiff will apply
| to the court for the relief therein demanded. '
Given i under' my hand and seal of said •
Superior. Court at the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this -28th? day ;
! of . SejJtemner. lin • the j year -of ■ our .■ Lord, i on* '
I : thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight. •--.-.;■;
[Seal.]": •■••=' :^ C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
i : By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
TO satisfy bottomry bond, etc.. the steamer
Clara and barge Monarch, now on the Yukon
river, are offered ff>r sale to the hjjlien bid-
der. Direct offer* to WADE, CLARK &
WILSON. Attorneys for Plaintiff. Dawson
City. N. W. T., Yukon District.
September 12. IS9S.
~MBfflS— MABffIAHES— DEAIHi""
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
ma.ll will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BARRY— In Berkelej-, October 18, 1898, to the
wife of W. H. Barry, a son.
FREETHY— In this city. November 1, 1S»8. to
the wife of Geor— i W. Fr««thy, twin sons.
MARRIED.
SHELLEY-SCHILLING-In this city, November
'■■■ 6,lSSB,'bythe Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. >:
.:-, Newton Shelley and Bertha C. Schilling, both ;>
:■ of .San Francisco, r-.^ ;■' . ■ '■■' V i ■ ---"■■' C* ■" ';
■ /;'*■;■ -\ • DIED. *.■"-••:'■■■
AlbreXeaenskl . Helena Levy, Gustav _
Burns.' Mrs. Sarah ; ' Lores, John • .
Campbell, Joel -■-.'• ' w Marqiiand, .Joseph ■ .
Car«tensen, Clara Marx." David . "
j- . Cheney. Oliver >■-■ ,■, ■ O'Sullivan. Maria. L.
Corwln. ■ Abbie E. Rising, Richard
Dordmund, Henry W. Smith. -Minnie : ■
Ellerd. Catherine T. Sweeney, Catherine
Fox, Otto .... .= • Tesmore, i Eliza R.
Frank, Linda -'• Thompson, F. H.
Gefken; Helene Thusen, Niels K. :
Orogan, J. ■ Morton / Tynan, Anne
Hogan. John White, Martha M. ■
Kenny. William F. . Wlckes. Mrs.Olive.
Kinney, William S. Wlnslow, Susan .- I*.
ALBREFEZr.XSIvI —In this city. November
I , 6,- ISSS,. Helena, beloved daughter of John and
! Anna Albrefezenskl. beloved . sister of Ed- .
■ward, John and Caslmlr Albrefezenski,' and ■.
..: granddaughter of - Augusta Gerkl, aged
- 21 years 8 months and 8 days.
: BURNS— In , this . ctly, November 6. 1898, Mrs.
■ Sarah Burns, relict of the late James Burn*
.of Sonoma County, and beloved aunt of Mrs."
I J. J. Flanagan and Mrs. E. F. Burns, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged S7 years. .
i% tC7"Friends;and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.--
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece, Mni. J. J. Flanagan.
: .-.r.-.-.r "— \T. '..»-r>vwi £Juerrero'and Dolores. ■
■ thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem -hl«?h mass will be celebrated for the
repose of hrr soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
* ; Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery- l-»ease. -
.omit flowers. .•
CAMPBELL— In this , city, November 8, ,183$,
. Joel, beloved husband of Mary Campbell,-,
a native of Vermont, aged 74 years. . (Ayrshire,^
1 lowa, ; papers please copy.)
• Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend trie funeral this day
(Monday), at * 2 o'clock, from , the mortuary.-.;
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com- ; '
pany, 242."> /Mission ; street, -inear Twenty- ;,,
first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,. by
carriage. ■ . .': .
CARSTENSEN— In this city, November. 6, 1838, ,
Clara, beloved wife of Anton F. Carstensen,
. and mother of Mrs. R. McD.ic'e and Fred. '
Charles. William, Peter and Clara CarFten-
sen. a : native of London, ared 46 years 5
■ months an.l 4 days.
CHENEY— In Oakland. November 5.' 1898, Oli-
ver r beloved husband of Mrs. J. F. Cheney.
•and father of Allen T., Grace E. and. Jessie
1 Cheney, a native of Ireland, aged 51 year*
b' months and 27 days. (New York papers
please copy.) :
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully : invited to attend , the funeral this day.
(Mondavi, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence ■ 840 Thirty-fifth street. Oakland. .; In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
CORWIN— In this city, November 5, ISM, Ab-
ble E,, beloved, wife of George W. Corwin.
mother of Harry E. Corwin. - and sister of
Mrs. W.I D. Ferguson. Mrs. J. N. Halsted,.
Mrs. W. A. Ferguson and F. F. Brigs*, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 42 years 10
months and 9 days."' . '*'.*- . _
(ETFriends and acquaintances and officers
" and members of Loyal Circle No. 179, C. O. -.
F., are respeetrully Invited to attend the ;
funeral tc- morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 clock,
from the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate;
'Undertaking Company. 2423 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. - Interment Cypress Lawn .
Cemetery by electric funeral car. Remains
at her late residence. 444 Guerrero street, be-
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth. • ; •
DORDMUND— In Petahima, November 6. I&9*-
Henry Wllhelm. beloved husband of Maria
Dordmund, a native of,, Hanover, Germany,
"- aged 58 years. , -™. j' "".,"'
CTThe funeral will take place Wednesday.
November 9. at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-.
dence in Petaluma.
ELLERD-In this city. November 5 IS3B. Cath-
erine Theresa, beloved wife of the late 11-
l!am Ellerd, and Bister. of Mary McCarthy, a
native of County Kerry.' Ireland, atred 00
J e^-r Friends and • acquaintances are respect-
■" fullv ■ invited to attend the funeral this day.
, (Monday), at 1 . o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1410 Baker street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church for services. Interment : Hob-
■ Cross ' Cemetery. i" : -•
FOX-In Santa Rosa, November 5. 1898 Otto .
beloved husband of Rose Fox. father .of:
Beatrice, Maurice and Ella Fox, and brother,
of Mrs.. Samuel Sternheim, a native or Ger- r
many aged f>2 years and 5 months. .
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 2:20 o'clock, from the residence
• MMr Samuel Sternheim. 1728 .street r
corner of Octavia. . Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. • _ *-_,■"'
FRANK-In this city. November 5. 1838, Linda
beloved daughter of Maurice and _*£>**
: Frank, and sister of Oscar and Rena Frank,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 11
< months and and acquaintances are respect-
v icr Friends and acquaintances are Respect-,
fully- invited to attend the funeral this day
■ (Monday), at 2 o'clock/ from the family _reBl-
\ dence. 2610 Sacramento street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery. > by 3.30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. <oo ..
GEFKEN— In this city, November 6. 1898,
Helene. beloved wife of Fred Gefken and
mother of Fred Luers, a native of Germany,;
aS Friend "and acquaintances are respect-
V fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from funeral par-
lors of J Hagan 1705-1709 Sacramento street,
'ne^-^olk. " Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GROGAN-In this city, November 6. 1898. J.
Morton, beloved husband of Margaret A Gro-
ran of Port Costa, and father of Mrs. H M
S;: launders and Walter Grozan. a native of
England, ; aged 62 years. ••. , -. -_ ■ -<r
HOGAN— In the City and County Hospital, Wo-
vember 5, 1898, John Hcgan. • t
KENNY— In the City and County Hospital,
November 6. 1838, William Fox Kenny, a na-
tive of Ireland, ased 50 years. :
KlNNEY— Entered into I rest" in Portland. Or..
William S. Kinney of Astoria, husband_ of .
Mrs : Mary Strong of Salem, son of the late
R C. Kinney, and brother of Mrs. J. G.
Walker of San Francisco, aged 44 years.
LEVY— In this city, November 4. 1593, Gustav
Levy, a native of France, aged 64 years. *
•LOPES— In Oakland. November 6. IS3S. John.
- beloved husband of Carrie Lopes, and father
"of Ollle. Theresa. Tony, Joe and Annie Lo-
pes, a native of Portugal; aged 63 years. ■■ -y
MARQUAND— In this city. November 6, 1898.
Joseph, • beloved and ' youngest son of Felix
and Mary Marquand. and brother of Frank.
Julius and Felix Marquand Jr., a native or
San Francisco. - axed 2 months.
MARX-In this City," November 5. 1898. -David. -
beloved brother of Jacob Marx of San Fran-
cisco and Rose Marx of Germany, a native or
Germany, aged 56 years. ;>
|T7"Filends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
■ (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1135 Polk street. Cremation at I. <J. .
' O F ' Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ,;
6'SULLIVA^J-In this city. November 5. 1898,
Maria LoUise O'Sullivan. beloved 1 mother of.
x James and Arthur Welch. Mrs. Mary . Sulli-
van and Mrs- Agnes Pope, a native of -Wash-
- Ington. D. C, aged 52 years.
rr^Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of ;
Carew & English., 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .. -_■•■-.,
RISING— In • this city. November -6 >x 1898. Rich- -
ard Rising. ex-District Judge of Nevada", be--
loved husband of Belle S. Rising, a native of
Philadelphia, aged '60 - years and -10 months.
' Notice of funeral hereafter. :
SMITH— In Oakland, November 6. - 1598. . Min- ;
nie beloved wife of John Smith, daughter lof
Thoma3 Connlff, mother of George. John and
Alfred Smith, sister of. Patrick, Joseph. Ag-
nes and Lena Conniff and Mrs. Delia Corbett,
niece of Michael Finnegan. and aunt of Mrs.
M. Sullivan and Mrs. Spellman. a. native of
Carrlgan. County :• Galway, Ireland, ; aged; 28
years 8 months and 17 days. "
" £7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
SWEENEY— i this : city. November 5, 1898, -
Catherine Grace. * beloved daughter of John
and Jennie Sweeney.: a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 months. -
■■■ iry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this > day
(Monday). -at •2 c o'clock, from the ; parents
residence/ 21 Sheridan : street, oft Ninth.- . be- f
tween Fo'.som - and -, Harrison. Interment ■
Mount Calvarj" Cemetery. ■.
TESMORE-In this city. ■ November 5. 1893,
Eliza Blake .Tesmore, widow, of the late Solo- .
V- m ET Funeral services will be i held this day
(Mondav). at 1:30 o'clock,: at St. Stephen's
■ > Church. Fulton street, between Webster and
. iFllln-.ore..:': ' ' " 1 - ' ' -> ■"•• »-i'-
THOMPSON— In this - city. ' November 5. 1898.
Frederick ■H, cloved ' husband ■: of • , Agnes :
: :" Thompson, ■>. a ■ native ,of Liverpool. England, ;
'■P- aged 60 -years. : '. ■':■ : ."'■'■ \'^\ : :y<W -.-;•.
THUSEN— In this city, November 5. 1893, Niels.
• K. :Thusen, -, a- native of North Schleswlg.
aged 66 years and 6 months.~;*SSEBHS3SH9BB6B<H
"■' CTFriends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited : to attend -. the funeral this day r
■"■ (Monday), at; 1:30 : o'clock... from - the parlors ■
of H. P. Peternen -:;■ & : Co., 228 McAllister -
' street. Interment I. O. O. ;F. Cemetery. ' 1
TYNAN— this city. : November 4, 1838, Anne,
* ■ ebloved wife > of the late Patrick Tynan, a
native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged; 62 '
WHITE— In thl* city. November 6. 1898, : Martha :
M.. beloved wife of H. H. White, a native of.
: - New York, " aged 57 '.' years 10 months ' and 4
WICKES— Tn Oakland, November 5. 1898. Mrs.
' Olive T Jane, wife of Alfred '<• M. Wickes, a na-
■ tive iof New York, ; aired •01 years. : ' _
* ? ryFrlendst* and .acquaintances ; are respect-
' - fully ■ Invited >to ■ attend : the ' funeral ■ thl« ■. day p
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of Bessie J. Wood. 112S Twenty-third
-- avenue/r, East . Oakland. Interment Masonic-
:: ' Cemetery, San Francisco. -■ • -■— C
WINSLOW— In ; New ;. York City. November 6,
*: ISMS - suddenly. Susan » Louise, widow of the
late Augustus : Sydenham . .Wlnslow.': of - Cln-
. cinatl, Ohio, and .■ mother, of Chauncey - Rose
Wlnslnw of Sam Francisco. -
A.' B. GALLAGHER ' Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHER
>;■■' : HENRY J. GALLAGHER : CO..
• : Successors 'to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTOR? AND EMBALMERS. :
7 :- 20 Fifth Bt.; opposite Lincoln School. .
,• V Telephone South SO. yr:; ;: . - '
I: I■»■H. - B. - McA VOT, Manager. ' g
mcflVOY- at CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTOR? A EMHALMEWI ~ 1
.1235 Market St. between Bth and Bth.- - I
i;■v:-j - i Telephone._ South j HI. - - - i
1112
THEY THOUGHT
NOT ALONE OF
WAR'S ALARMS
Strange Stories of Life
at Fort Baker.
LADIES AND THEIR GUESTS
THEIR PRESENCE AN ACCIDENT
SAY THE OFFICERS.
The Boat Sailed for the City Too
Soon and the Ladies Became
Campers for the
Night
There is trouble In Battery B of the
California Heavy Artillery, now stationed
at Fort Baker. That is to say the rela
tions existing between the enlisted men
and the commissioned officers are for the
present somewhat strained. Not that
officers and men do not salute as they
pass by, but there Is that little something
in the atmosphere at Fort Baker just
now which suggests future developments
of a more or less Interesting nature.
There have come recently to depart
ment headquarters rumors from Fort
Baker concerning the conduct of the com
missioned officers of Battery B. and there
can be no doubt but that these rumors
were first started by the enlisted men of
the battery. How much truth there is
fn these sub rosa charges of the enlisted
men remains to be seen, for certain it is
at present that the officers indignantly
deny them. The commissioned officers
now stationed at Fort Baker in command
of the battery are Captain Herbert Choyn
skl. First Lieutenant Sprague and Sec
ond Lieutenant Huie. The present cloud
of scandal that rests over the battery un
doubtedly has Its origin some time back,
and there is equally little doubt concern-
Ing the fact that it has sprung from the
kick of the volunteer, who, incited by
more or less animus, has kept the ball
rolling until there Is now every prospect
of General Merriam making a formal In
vestigation of the entire matter.
The enlisted men of the battery charge
that the officers of the battery have been
guilty of conduct unbecoming officers and
gentlemen, and to prove what they state
they declare that on Thursday of last
week the officers of the battery enter
tained several women of questionable
character at the camp, and that these
women remained in camp all night. This
Is the most serious charge that the sol
diers bring against the men who com
mand them. Again it is stated that Sec
qjra Lieutenant Huie, the canteen officer,
Is behind in his accounts, and that there
are at present outstanding bills against
tho canteen for the month of September,
which as yet have not been paid, al
though they should have been liquidated
over a month ago.
These are the rumors that constant cir
culation on the part of the men have
made so public as to bring them into no
tice, and in consequence General Merriam
may this week take up the matter offi
cially. The kick 3of the men regarding
the kind of food and the treatment they
get is not worthy of notice, for an inves
tigation of the matter reveals the fact
that the men of the battery are as well
fed and cared for as any command now
In the service. Their camp Is a model one
In appearance and cleanliness, and their
food is wholesome and sufficient.
Regarding the more sensational details
of army life at Fort Baker there is much
that has to be passed by. One of the
sergeants of the battery stated that on
Thursday last several women, who he
had heard were actresses, came In the
afternoon to visit the officers. They re
mained until quite dark and left for Sau
silito in time to catch the last boat back
SHOT TO DEATH
BY HER LOVER
Mrs. Louisa Parker, a Saloon Waitress,
Murdered by Tomasso Kellini.
MRS. LOUISA PARKER, a dive wait
ress, known In Barbary Coast dance
halls as Mrs. Spain, was shot and
Instantly kllle 1 yesterday by To
masso KelllnL Ti > murder occurred In
the grocery and saloon at 117 Second
street, kept by John Sanders. Jealousy
wu the murderer's motive.
About 12 o'clock the victim, accom
panied by George Spreen, her former lov
er, entered the store and going behind a
pile of soap boxes, which serve as a par
tition, drank a glass of beer. Kellinl fol
lowed them Into the place a few mo
ments later. Going to the bar he took a
drink and then Joined the other two be
hind the boxes. Kelllnl ordered another
round of beer, and when the proprietor
had served them and was making change
three pistol shots were heard. Spreen, the
only eye witness to the tragedy, ran out
ft)** slda door and down Minna street
to the city. They returned to camp later
and Bald that they had missed the boat
and were unable to get to San Francisco
that night. These women, the f olcue \
said, remained in camp at Fort Baker all
night. The man, when asked It trie
women were under the influence of liquor
or if they made things at all merry, re
plied that he could not vouch i° T \™±
part of the rumor, but that all he knew
was that the women had been Quartered
for the night in some of the tents In tne
officers row, and that they had returned
to San Francisco the first thing the next
captain Choynskt when seen by a rep
resentative iof The Call in regard to the
rumors discussed the matter very trankl> .
but at the same time said that he did not
see that he had to give an account, of any
thing that occurred at Fort Baker to any
one but his superior officer, and that when
an explanation of affairs was wanted and
was called for in the proper way by the
proper person that it would be Immedi
ately forthcoming. Regarding the women
in camp Captain Choynski admitted that
three women and one man had been quar
tered in the headquarters tent ;on last
Thursday night, but he said he did not
know who they were, and he most empha
tically stated that he had seen nothing
in their conduct -to indicate * that they
were improper • persons Captain Choyn
kis version of the incident given in the
presence of Lieutenant Sprague Is sub-
Bt nt retu y me S d ?o oFort0 Fort Baker rather Yata
on Thursday afternoon and found a man
and three apparently young girls in camp. >
Ostensibly they had i come to see one of
the sergeants. They remained until it
was time for. them to return on the Mc-
Dowell and went to the wharf to take the
steamer. They missed it and came back.
The teamster, who cares for the niules
that haul the ambulance, had turned the
animals out, so there was no way for the
party to get back. Sausalito is but two
miles off. It was then suggested by some
one that they - remain all night If they
were willing to put up with such accom
modations as Wk could give them in camp.
This was done and the ladies remained all
night in the headquarters tent. We loan
ed them some blankets and these they
spread on the floor. There is a ■ sentinel
kept on the beat the entire night in front
of this tent, and that night he was walk
ing up and down in front of It all the
time. I do not know the people, but I will
state that 1 saw nothing out of the way
in their conduct and I did not hear them
make any sordid remarks." , .
Lieutenant Sprague confirms the fact
that the party remained in camp all
night. He met the women, but said he
could not recall their names. The name
of the man who accompanied the women
Captain Choyinskl would not reveal, j
Lieutenant Sprague. said that after sup- i
per they went down to the beach ana
built a fire and watched the tide come
in Captain Choyinskl declares that the
matter has been falsely exaggerated by
the enlisted men because some of them
have It in for him because he has been
strict with them and maintained discip
line. He cited the fact that in one month
there had been in the battery ninety
three summary court cases, and that all
of the cases had pleaded guilty. He also
said that he had been forced In some
Instances to reduce non-commissioned
officers to the ranks because they were
either insubordinate or incompetent.
Captain Choyinski stated that without
meaning to cast any reflection on his pre
decessor. Captain Hay, he had been such
a good-natured fellow and had been so
lax In discipline that when he (Captain
Choyinskl) had assumed command he had
a hard time of it to make the men un
derstand what discipline meant. These
facts were cited by Captain Choyinski to
show that the exaggerated reports of
affairs at Fort Baker were due to per
sonal animus and spite. He also pointed
to the fact that many of the men in the
battery who had given the most trouble
were not fit to be soldiers. -
When asked concerning the reported
shortage of Lieutenant Huie, the can
teen officer, Captain Choyinski stated
that there was. so far as he knew, noth
ing In the report. He said he had re
quested a statement from the bookkeeper
of the canteen, and that Lieutenant Huie
was aware that he had requested this
statement of the canteen financial af
fairs. Captain Choyinskl said the state
ment would be ready to-day. One of the
non-commissioned officers connected with
the canteen declares that some of the
bills for September have not yet been
paid by Lieutenant Huie. He says that
no statement has been rendered since the
canteen was started, which was on June
13. and that the hospital corps now sta
tioned at Fort Baker has never received
its share of the canteen's funds which
it is justly entitled to. One of the med
ical officers inquired Into the matter in
order to see that the hospital corps
should get its just proportion of funds,
and when he asked for the books he was
informed by the non-commissioned officer
that they were In the posssession of Lieu
tenant Huie. This non-commissioned
officer declares that he is entitled to see
the books, but that he has never been al
lowed to do so.
toward First. The murderer ran out the
front door, up Minna to Third and thence
to Mission. lie ran Into a saloon on the
corner of Mission and Third and was ar
rested there by Officer Barn Royston. He
attempted to hide the weapon with which
he had killed the woman, but It was soon
found.
On the way to prison Kellinl admitted
that he killed the woman because he loved
her and she Intended to leave him and go
back to Spreen.
The murderer is an Italian, 28 years old,
and has been employed by Valente, the
baker. The dead woman had lived In the
city several years, during all of which
time Bhe had been a waitress In saloons.
Her husband Is supposed to be some
where In Oregon. She was a native of
Portland. Her only child, a boy 18
years old, identified the body and also
Identified Kelllni as the man who has
been visiting- his mother nightly for two
or three weeks. The boy does not know
who his father Is. and says his name is
Michael Spain. Mother and son lived at
10 Minna street.
Only one bullet fired by Kellinl struck
the victim. It hit her In the right arm
and passed through Into the lungs.
It is believed that Spreen was also
■truck by a bullet.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1898.
BELIEVES A
MAN WAS
MURDERED
The Police Have An
other Mystery.
LAPHMAN'S STRANGE STORY
MAKES A STARTLING DISCOV
ERY AT HABBOB VIEW.
Finds a Stranger In the Throes of
Death Apparently a Victim of
an Assassin — Supposed
Victim Disappears.
Edward Laphman, living at 520 Golden
Gate avenue, last evening reported to the
police that while riding horseback In the
vicinity of Harbor View baths he saw a
man lying In the brush, apparently dying.
He approached him, and from his ap
pearance he concluded that the man had
been foully assaulted.
The man's face was covered with blood
and a deep wound in his head indicated
that he was the victim of foul play. Cap
tain Bohen Immediately dispatched De
tective Egan to the scene, with instruc
tions to make a thorough investigation.
Accompanied by Laphman the detective
visited the spot, but was unable to find
a trace of the supposed murdered man.
There was a pool of blood where the man
lay, but further than that there was
nothing to show that a murder had been
committed. Detective Egan visited a
number of saloons in the vicinity, but
failed to find a clew which would tend to
solve the mystery.
Laphman is positive he «aw the man
lying on his back in the throes of death.
He even claims that the appearance in
dicated that he had been assaulted and
perhaps murdered.
Captain Bohen Instructed Egan to con
tinue his investigation and if possible
learn the name of the supposed victim.
WATCH THE CALL DOME SIGNALS.
From, the dome of The Call
building signals will -be
shown giving the result of
elections and the progress of
returns. The signal code will
be published to-morrow
morning.
CONFIRMATION AT
ST. ANTHONY'S CHURCH
SOLEMN RITE IMPRESSIVELY
ADMINISTERED.
Twenty-Eight Boys and Girls Kneel
Before the Archbishop to Re
ceive the Sacred Chrism-
With solemn and Impressive ceremony
the sacrament of confirmation was ad
ministered to a class of twenty-eight
children, boys and girls, at St. Anthony's
church on Army street yesterday after
noon by Archbishop Rlordan. Immedi
ately at the tolling of the belfry chimes
at 2 o'clock the little procession, which
was already awaiting the appointed hour,
began to move in double file from the
position of formation In front of the
church, to the sacred precincts within.
The girls, who led the procession, were
robed in pure white with veils of the same
material extending over and covering
their faces. Following them came the
boys, dressed In black and wearing the
usual and customary ribbon of purity on
the right arm. St. Joseph's sodality, con
sisting entirely of adults, followed. At
the extreme end was the Archbishop
robed in the sacred vestments of the altar,
assisted by acolytes and representative
priests from various orders.
At the conclusion of the rendition of the
opening .hymn by the choir, the Arch
bishop oriefly outlined the importance and
the meaning of the sacrament about to
be administered. He maintained that It is
a duty of parents to assist their children
in every way to form and maintain the
highest ideals of piety and virtue.
fn honor of the event the altars and
sanctuary of the church were prettily
decorated and adorned with flowers and
evergreens. On the surrounding walls of
the church were hung at intervals
wreaths of palm. During the ceremony
Father Rafael, the pastor of the church,
conducted the choir and rendered the or
gan accompaniment.
Those confirmed are as follows: Arthur
Gamman, Thomas Hayne, Joseph Stelner,
Henry Drewes. Louis Bchoensteln, Wil
liam Nuyer, Thomas Caliel, Joseph Laub,
George Gohl, Paul Erz, Frank and Louis
Ruegg, Edward Wolter, Miss Rosa
Bohme, Mlsb Ida and Louisa Bueker, Miss
Frieda Gohl, Miss Lillian Gamma, Miss
Fillie Wolter, Miss Frances Mundlgel,
Miss Wilhelmlna Nuyer, Miss Frances
Olga YOBS, Miss Agnes Schmleders, Miss
Cecilia Mohr, Mias Maria Drewes, Miss
Johanna Prysborowski and Miss Anna
Mueller.
An Honest, Upright Judge,
The career of Hon. James M. Seawell
since his elevation to the Superior bench
six years ago has been one character
ized by ability and Integrity of a rare
type. He has earned the reputation of
being an upright, honest Judge, and his
record both as a lawyer and Jurlßt are
such as to make his candidacy appeal
strongly to all voters who are desirous
of maintaining the high standard now en-
Joyed by the Superior Court of San Fran
cisco.
Judge Seawell has been a resident of
this city since 1861. He Is In the prime of
life, being 62 years of age, and is just at
that period when long experience has so
ripened judgment that he is Qualified to
Berve in a judicial capacity with distin
guished ability.
His candidacy is most favorably re
garded by a majority of voters, irrespec
tive of party, while among the members
of the bar there Is practically a unani
mous desire to see Judge Seawell re
turned to the position he has so ably
filled the past six years. •
An honest judiciary is essential
! to the protection of the property
and the rights of citizens, there
fore the people should vote for
Davis Louderback, John Carson,
; James M. Troutt and Henry N.
j Clement as Judges of the Su
perior Court.
Clark Hakes Denial.
M. B. Clark denies the statement made
| by Charles Hyer, a Democratic candidate
for Supervisor on the Oakland ticket, that
j he (Clark) ever served a sentence in the
■ Alameda County Jail or any other Jail.
In a statement made by Hyer of certain
frauds on the Government, he sought to
: lay the blame for his trouble on Clark's
| shoulders. Clark Is well connected and
well employed in this city, and though he
, acknowledges having at one time been in
• Hyer*s employ, denies emphatically that
he was In Jail.
A demagogue in the Assessor's office
will lncreaae the burdens of small tax
payers. All who want a safe, reliable
and honest man for Assessor should
vote for John D. Blebo. Voting num
ber 1L
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
•9 B I :-■'.-' A|^ JT" ' ■ •*' I:'I :' •":/-.■ J^ T\ ' '■"
THE RE-ELECTION OF
I 1 1 L lIL L LLU I l U II U I
JUDGE mi SEAWELL
. The undersigned members of the San . Francisco Bar urge upon the
voters of the city the election ?of \ the Hon. JAMES M. SEAWELL as Judge
. of . the Superior Court. They do not intend to } reflect upon the capacity or
high motives of other candidates, but • they - believe - the community "Is ; en-
titled ; . to the very best Bervice at its command, -and they deem it a pleas-
ure not less than a duty to certify to the public. that JUDGE SEAWELL
has shown, in » the discharge of his judicial • functions during \ the last six
years, that ;he possesses the qualities : of mind , and character essential to
•■ the ; proper fulfillment of the duties of his \ office. The undersigned know
that; JUDGE SEA WELL cannot make an active canvass on his own behalf,
and lest the public, in the ■ excitement of an election, overlook the fact that
a learned-Judge, thoroughly tried and approved by the universal voice of
the bar, is seeking the people's approval In a re-election this appeal is made
on his behalf and on behalf of the city.
John Garber. .-'■-:; A. A. Sanderson. ; •"'■- ■..'•-■■'-:; D. H. Whlttemore.
R. H. Lloyd. A. J. Gunnißon. ■ : . Charles E. Wilson.
Thomas B. Bishop. - "- ; " ; ■" ■ - Henry E. Monroe. - ■M. J. Platshek. -
T. I. Berzln. R. Percy Wright. John T. Pidwell. .-.-y'-'/L
W. S. Wood. Byron Waters. - Andrew Thome.
Charles S. Wheeler. James A. ~ Waymlre. . Wallace A. Wise.
D. -M. Delmaa. . ;;', Timothy J. Lyons. George E. Whitaker. \z<k •?
Garret W. McEnerney. • H. A. Powell. ' : , George A. Proctor.
Charles W. Slack.- - ■ Donald Y. " Campbell. / : Eugene W. Levy.
Arthur Rodgers.- - T. M. Osmont. ~i. y Bert Bchleslnger. .. . i , v -
Van R. Peterson. Benjamin : Healey. Andrew. S. Magulre.
W. W. Foote. "-'L." S. B. Sawyer." - •. Edward J. Hill.
D. Freldenrlch. Frank H ' Powers." A. D. D*Ancona-
John T. Doyle. v- ■ ; - ' ■'•>- •.' . F. J. Castlehun. . . Henry A. Jacobs.
C. W. Cross. '- " ' H. W. Hutton. - ' . George B. Merrill.
J. J.;Dwyer. S^'Ji; -.; James H. Deerin*. Stacy W. Gibbs.
E. J. ; Prlnxle. - Frank H. : Gould. ~ Julius C. McCeney.
Edward R. Taylor. Walter H. Levy. \. R. M. F. Soto. \ .
A. G. Booth. Harold Wheeler. :-',. W. W. Kaufman. ,
Plerson & Mitchell. : Hall McAllister. - George K. French.
Van Ness & Redman. Sam Bell McKee. . Tyndall Bishop. <-
Wilson & Wilson. - : ■ J. F. Cowdery. ; A. Heynemann.
Houghton & Houghton. George W. Tcwl« Jr. Charles Musau*.
Freeman & Bates. - William Craie. P. E. Towne.
Morrison & Cotje. - R. T. Harding. ■ Nowlin & Fassett. ;
Page. McCutchen A Eells. Frank D. Madison. > ; \T., J. Crowley.
Reddy. Campbell & Metson. William F. Gibson. ' R.Y. GUlogley.
Chlckerintr, Thomas & Gregory. James Gartlan. Joseph Roihschlld.
Llndley & Eickhoff. " Alex. G. Eells. W. ?A. Richardson.
Fox & Gray. • " John T. Carey. . John J. Greeley.
Olney & Olney.' >t.'- ' ;<; < "•>! Edward Gray Stetson, Platt & Bayne. .
Myrick & Deerlnr. George C. Sargent. *- : Walter S.Brann.
Haven & Haven. . Everett Ames. John H. Hansen.
Dunne & McP!ke. , P. A. Benrerot. i George A. McGowan.
Vogelsang & Brown. ' Warner Temple. C. F. O'Callaghan.
Gordon & Young. T. Z. Blake man. F. W. Hall.
E. B. & George H. M&stlek. J. Early Craig. J- N. Turner. _
Stanley. McKinstry A Bradley. GeorgoW. Hatght. Samuel Rosennelm. .
Deal, Tauszky & Wells. Bartholomew Noyes. Welles Whltmore.
Mullany. Grant A Cushlnsr. 'F. J. Fallon. !, - ; ; : Paul Mc on £' d \ ,
Henley A Costello. E. S. Heller. Thomas-B Pheby Jr.
Andros & Frank. "-■ E. H. Rlxford. • L. M. Shelley. ; , •>
Blgelow & Titus. '' .-• George D. Collins. N. A. McConagfhy.
Denson. Oatman A Denson. Edwin L. Forster. : : ' J. L. Geary Jr. - ;i'
Thornton A Merzbach. Walter H. Llnforth. ; Howard J. PelrsoU
Webb & EsDey. Joseph Hutchlnson. A . ,£ £ Ailcen. . .
Beatty A Sanderson. Frank Otis. - ,' 2;. V. Whit ln^ .■ /; »^
Emmons A Emmons. Charles S. Peery. ' , Thomas C. Moll
Owens A Henderson. Henry C. Gesford. S. Bloom. . - - ■ , .■_■,--■,
Cannon A Freeman. Henry H. Davis. . '. W ill lam Hendrlckson Jr. .
James M. Allen. Alexander D. Keyes. . Frank I Kingwell.
Sidney V. Smith. Edgar M.. Wilson. Fabiua Finch.
C L P Ackerma P n. n ". John* Be Aitken. Alfred Fuhrman.
T° SS C Ph cSn aly - wn T ,Yam O^Abbott. £"2
Octave G Da Py Gavin MeXah. W. G. Bonta.
HC Campbell H. C Firebaiwrh lo*®l 0 *®* 1 ™- Bein -
C K Bonestell • Lucius L. Solomons. R. T. Mogan.
Snow. Charles P Gale. Joseph DMeyewteln.
W H Flfleld R E RA*lnnd. J. C. Watson.
A ' "' RhrXi Rvlnnd B. Wallace. 3. F. Murphy.
HenrV P Dimond. Thomas S. Wilson. Wllliain Loewy.
T v ■Pullivan John B. Casserly. N. H. Hurd.
£ ?' ramnbell E. M. Adams. A. B. Hunt.
M A wl^a ton A. H. Rick-tts. O. M. Goldaraoena.
kpMon^^KelloKg. ■■Stephen L. X< Surilvan. M. H. Kennedy.
Tihn A Orient. v■" Stephen U Sullivan. . Reel B.' Terry.
?lhn a Wri-ht T B. L. Brondt. Reel B. Terry.
John H. Miner ! $»™ < J &£ aat *' Frank^Macbeth.
LnH 0 "™ : wTnlam C A bS Beatty. l^r
Tnhn Flournoy. Edward Lande.. . *ioDert_w. Kin?.
t p LSXrne • ■ J.H.Henderson.- J. ; B. R. Cooner.
US?* Hfear %££s°°^n<
«*■{» •Tr A ii r « r » ■"",■. C. W. Ashford. Ia Jacobl.
Mnß "fin.' • Carl WesterWd. O. C. Pratt.
KrKd. ■ ' T^"t A Hu.nrhrey. John Heenan. -
I. M. Kalloch. William C. r Tait. . . '
NATIVE SONS' GRAND BAUI
A Memorable Entertainment in the
Annals of Alcalde Parlor No.
154, N. S. G. W.
Native Sons' Hall was ablaze with
light and decorations Saturday evening, the
occasion being the tenth party of Alcalde
Parlor No. 154. N. S. G. W. The scene
was one of unusual brilliancy, the music
excellent and dancing kept up until a
late hc-ur.
M F. Sullivan acted as floor manager,
ably assisted by L. E. Derre and a floor
committee composed of Messrs. Fred
Raemer L. J. wattson. J. Quadt, J. w.
Desmond and Fred Varnl. No little
credit was reflected also upon the com
mittee of arrangements, composed of
William D. Wlloox, J. W. Desmond,
George Fenstermacher, M. F. Sullivan.
NOTED JURIST ANSWERS
THE DREAD SUMMONS
Richard Rising, for Thirty Years District
Judge of Nevada, Passed Away Yes
terday Afternoon.
RICHARD RISING, for thirty years District Judge of Nevada, died sud
denly yesterday afternoon in this city. Deceased had been complaining
of illness for some days, but his Indisposition was so slight as not to
confine him to his home.
He left his late residence, 2922 California street, at noon and went direct
to the Grand Hotel to visit Dr. J. P. Mooklar. He had been with him but
to this city and resumed the practice of law. Judge Rising was born in
Philadelphia In 1837. He removed to this city at an early age and waa ad
mitted to the bar. He was a member of the great law firm of Stewart,
Kirkpatrick & Rising of Virginia City, Nevada, in the height of the Com
stock's glory. In all his years on the bench he had but few of his decisions
reversed. Judge Rising leaves a widow and five children. The children
are Mrs. Hugh "Vail, Mrs. Charles Stringer of South Africa, Mrs. J. J. Theo
bald of San Francisco, Herbert Rising of Portland and Frank Rising of Mon
tana.
R. H. Andrews, ~L. E. Derre, J. MeTan
ney. J. F. Hetty, F. Varnl. A. Rahwyler,
O. H. Ferguson, J. J. Grelf, H. Kaiser, L.
J. Wattson and J. Staude.
Rhwnnatlsm. klrtnev. liver dli<ea«es cured. Dr.
Gordtn, Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny. B.F. Cal.
It is only those who are despicable
who fear being despised. — La Roche
foucauld.
You will find the latest things in wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street •
In Hungary there are thousands of
vMagree and hundreds of small town*
without a doctor within ten miles.
Th« famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT l»
recommended by phyiicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pur*.
a few minutes
when he was at
tacked with
heart failure.
Several physi
cians were at
once summoned,
but the Jurist
was beyond re
lief. He suffered
Intensely for a
time and then
passed away.
Judge Rising
was one of the
notable men of
Nevada, in which
State he spent
the best portion
of his life. Over
thirty years ago
he was elected
District Judge of
Orsmby, Doug
lass, Lyon and
Storey counties.
From that time
until four years
ago he was re
elected each
term, there be
ing no opposi
tion. The mere
announcement of
his candidacy
was sufficient.
Four years ago
he made a pil
grlmage to
South Africa,
where he re
mained a year.
He then returned
LADES' AND GENTS' '
mmcHis.
We have just placed on sale an elegant assortment of
LADIES' AND GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS, and as they are oar
own direct importation, we are enabled to offer them at
exceedingly low prices.
LADIES' EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN HAND-
KERCHIEFS
20c, 25c, 30c, 35c, 50c, up to $3.50 EacL
LADIES* PLAIN HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS
(Sheer Linen),
15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 750 Each.
LADIES* PLAIN LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem-
stitched),
10c, 12Jc, 15c, 20c, 25c, up to 50c Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
in ji, x, 1 and 1% inch hem,
15c, 20c, 25c, 35c, up to 75c Each.
GENTS' WHITE SILK HANDKERCHIEFS (Hemstitched),
$3, $4, $6, up to $12 Dozen.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED BLACK SILK REEFERS,
$1.25, $1.50, $2 and $2.50 Each.
SPECIAL
250 dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND EMBROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS (Pure Linen),
15 C EACH.
NOTE
See our display of SATIN AND GROS-QRAIN RIB-
BONS in large show window.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
30LDBEHQ.B0WEN * CO.'S SPECIAL SAVING SALS
BDWEN
& COe
New tea arrived— Darjeellng : pekoe
The ' finest i and most delicately
flavored tea grown In India. It
differs from the Assam character
by many superior qualities
$1.35 a pound ■ 1
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
. Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter \ V*:, square l^C
: Recent rains • started fresh pasture,
making plenty, of butter— we're very
careful in selecting ours
Tea— regularly 6oc lb 45"C '
Mandarin Nectar Each a distinctive
D . „ , r~u~~ ■ character in flavor
Phoenix Chop , , . ftnd each enjoys a
Bee brand Ceylon good reputation
Whiskey{gAt^} 3b ° ts # 2
regularly $i bottle— s4 gallon : 3
Now; in the season of colds, you may
need some good whiskey >
Lard— Foam ' - £OC *
regularly 60c tin of - 5 lbs
It wouldn't bear* our label unless it ,
was "t. pure. For fancy cooking you .•
' need good lard
Pepper— Xepa-ul bottle 2OC
( regMy 25c. Hot but fine flavor" -
From India
Clirry— reg'ly 30c \ bottle 2OC
Made by P. Vencatachellurh, Madras.
You may not think much c the name
■ but it means the best there is In curry
White W n e-HoiceUMountain 4 CJC
regularly 75c , . '';*''-"_,
A first-rate wine at a very low. price
Currants— zanie . \ ib ioc
Cleaned in Greece where, -they are
grown, then we clean them. . For pud-
dings and winter cooking 'you'll i want
fine butter, good lard, the best pepper,
curry,f white wine and currants ■" ;
Scouring soap - ; doz^jc
Satin Scouring Soap is, likejsapofio,- j
an excellent 1 soap for cleaning wood-
work, tinware and all cooking utensils ,
Candy— reg'ly 35c lb here : 30C
Chocolates, bonbons, creams ,
.^ Fresh and good of course .
Toilet water : 7^c
Crown Perfumery Co>s\ j^fe
reg'ly 90c -bottle '
Brilliantine— Pinaud>s 30c
For the hair v -; .
GigarS— El Principe de Gales •$9 ■
reg'ly $10 box of 100 ' Londre* Impe.- ■
ial. This factory needs little recom-
mendation—their cigars i run ; regular
and uniform. They use only Havana
tobacco r ■'■■ .- '
New goods arrived: .; . :
bloater mackerel :! mllehner herrings
Bar-k-duc currants rolled herrings
seeded raisins - v cleaned currants ;
• ; 'V -■■*■"•:. -; (In cartons) '.-v. >•■ 7 (imported) •-
. German potatoes •. Wiesbaden prunes :
' ; Italian chestnuts '' ': ' " French marrons |
mint sauce '.',•:■: In syrup ■ ; ;;
appetit slid :  • .] ■■■ ■ ' -■•! ■ In brandy
anchovies In keys Russian sardines
■■-■- ' English dairy cheese ' Cheddar cheese
Stilton cheese ■■■■'■ . "■: sage checsa
' gorgoniola cheese Smyrna figs
._ .mince me*t __ *»ncy r ! ns -.
; Mall" orders 'thoroughly. 'understood*
OOLDBEB9, 4 OO.'S SPECIAL SAVINS BAI>J *.
— r~r — "~~---r--— - —- : — -~-~~ — """"op
~ ana*"careriiTly execute'aT)y men oT^C^ -
experience— there's an art in packing.
Order winter supplies — ask for Drice^ *
V on your list; [.'" \
Mall orders entitled to these prices If posted not ,
§ later than Wednesday. : V
43* Pine v 215 Sutter 3800 California San Francisco ,
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Beware of Imitations
aJ Or4^
yKorcesterslur&if)
>. JOHN DU°iCtM>s SONS, AUNT*, NEW YOltlt '■ J-
We RELY ON ..rnin'nnas
Oculists y&*£js*
Jo rur\ our Spectacle fdctoru-
BRfNG us Yours.,
Opticians ko^gencw
> 642 Market St.
•;■■•. CHRONICLE building^ > •
U/£ EMPLOY NO AGEAtT&.; i \
coo bo 060 ob 06 0000 <g
gw fALACE w|
%CRAND HOTSkMi
?■? ■> ;V :;-f SAN FItAMCiaCO. 2
" Connected by a covered passageway - *J '
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. G
O All Under .' One : Management. i Q •
ft NOTE THE PHIOSS: ■ '"■ ... -;. 1%.'■1 (J / >
b European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward m |
v American Plan.s3.Oo per day and upward W I
•*••- ■■ -. Correspondence : Solicited. . '- q
q t : - ■ : • JOHM 0. KIBKPATHICK, Kaaage*. 2
ooooooooooaooooocua ;
I ■ — -^ 1 .
If^IERCES
g-i^ FAVORITE
pESCRSPTIOM
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN .
. ',/ Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
.Is; a v powerful t aphrodislne [ and ' specific ton'to
for --■ the >• sexual ' and 3 urinary ; organs < oJ r> ootU
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of toe
kidneys t- and bladder. Af: great r Restorative,
■ Invigorator and % Nervine. Bells "on • its ; owo r
Merita; no ■-. long-winded testimonials : necessary. fc
' ■; - NA.BEH, AX.FS & - BRUNB, ' Agenta, * A
US Market itreet, 8, ff.-JSeaa ; ioc «OtU«ulMSjj