• VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 72.
SAGASTA'S REPLY CONSTRUED
AS A DEFINITE ACCEPTANCE
PEfICE PROTOCOL
DELIVERED INTO
C AMBON'S HANDS
f-je Expects to Receive Authority
F rom Madrid to Sign
and Accept It.
Hostilities Between Spain and the United States
May Be Declared at an End
To-Day.
: .We have agreed upon a protocol embodying the proposed
Verms "for the negotiation of a treaty of peace, including the evac
uation of Cuba and Porto Rico, and it is expected that the proto
.-Co! Will be executed.— Secretary of State Day in an interview.
■".'• NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— Wash
• jngtorr correspondent of the Herald
-.. telegraphs the following: Spain's re
■:jjiy'. has been construed by the admin
istration to be a definite acceptance of
.ithe ' terms proposed by the President.
.These" terms have been put in to the
■.form of a protocol. This protocol was
.'.to-day placed in the hands of Embas
eador Cambon, who cabled It to Mad
rid/ He expects to receive authority
Vfrom the Spanish Government to for
mally accept and sign it in behalf of
: that .Government.
■■""■' Secretary Day expects Embassador
"dambpn to receive full authority from
/■Madrid to-morrow to sign the protocol
'.and. in that event it will be signed
"without delay. Hostilities between the
■•United States and Spain will cease just
- as soon as the naval and military com
/■ihanders of" the two governments in
:the West Indies and the Philippines
can be notified.
' The protocol, as drawn up, is an elab
oration of the terms printed this morn
.'ing: It "does"rlßt naiiie the" dates for
the . evacuation of Cuba and Porto
Rico by Spanish troops. This is a de
rail which is to be left to be arranged
by military commanders of the United
: 'States and Spain.
■-' There is a perfect understanding be
tween Secretary Day and Embassador
' Cambon, however, that the evacuation
."Is to begin as soon as possible and to
'"continue as rapidly as Spanish troops
' ban. be transported from the island and
; -their places taken by American forces.
..'Care is to be taken that there shall be
:no interim between the withdrawal of
Spanish troops from any point and oc
"■ pupation by American forces.
.".-Pending the question of the future
government of Cuba affairs throughout
"the entire island will be administered
■:■ by .military authorities of the United
VVStatei, just as is now being done in
'■"•Santiago.
'.'• -.Spain is to be allowed to evacuate the
■-"•islands of Cuba and Porto Rico with all
'-■ -the" " honors of war, her troops taking
; with- them- their arms and equipments.
.Secretary Day, it can be said posi
•:'.tiyeiy, will be one of the peace commis
sioner's: There are the best reasons for
>" believing other members of the com
..:'rn3"ssibn will be Senators Allison of
•Jow-a," -Gorman of Maryland, Justice
"Vfei-own- of the Supreme Court of the
.■"United States and either Embassador
H&y or Embassador Porter. Spain, It
'=. Is •■ believed, will be represented on the
•••Vorarriirisi.'-.n by her Minister of Foreign
■ Affairs and her Embassadors at Lon
.- :^foici. and Paris, who participated in the
i'"- -negotiations, and by other men who
. -have, had experience as diplomats. The
■President hopes the commission will
vbe^able to complete its work by No
••"Verfiber 1. If this result is reached an
•extra, session of the Senate will be
v"x&lied to meet probably immediately
•af : tk;.r : the Congressional elections, so as
:'fd 'have the treaty ratified with the
: .Wast "possible delay.
HOSTILITIES SOON MAY
CEASE IN PORTO RICO
• KEW" YORK, Aug. 10.— The Wash
: fn'gton correspondent of the Herald
•tetegxapha the following: Generr' Miles
. ..is", talking ■ about moving upon San
"•jiian. It does not seem to be the plan
/of -the- administration to needlessly ex
' "pl).«e- the United States troops when the
- j#ace may be occupied without blood
■■ .-shea:;
'I- have good reason to believe orders
■ are' "ln. preparation directing that hos
.'till ties cease as soon as the peace ne
gotiations reach the point where that
:.•!»■ possible. These orders will then be
..-published to che army by the adjutant
general,' under order of the President.
: THERE MAY BE DELAY
- :■ : OF A DAY OR TWO
•/.WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— The pre
... nrtjro'iiry negotiations looking toward
• the- confirmation of peace advanced a
'long ""§tep ta-day when the Secretary of
'State'" and the French Embassador
'-agreed- upon the terms upon which fu-
negotiations for a treaty are to be
conducted and reduced these to the
-form '6f. a protocol. This protocol, it is
'true 'is yet to be signed ui:<J is to be
"' kubVni'tted to the Spanish Government
•before .the formal signatures are affixed,
: biit ■the administration views as to the
imagtßßU made to-day was set out in
■Secretary Day's sentence:
■ •- ■ • fit.is expected that this protocol will
be ex-ecu ted."
'There must be a delay, possibly from
iiretity-tovr "to forty-eight houra, be
•/Vtfii the next step can be taken and the
The San Francisco Call
protocol made binding upon both the
ted States and Spain by the at
tachment of the signatures of the plen
ipotentiaries. Secretary Day for the
United States and M. Cambon for
Sr-ulri. The delay will be largely at
tributable to physical causes.
111 1 Is believed that the protocol car
ries within itself provisions for the
cessation of hostilities. On this point
the naval contingent is urgent that our
:nment adopt the Napoleonic
.- of refusing to enter into an ar
mistice without acquiring some sub
stantial pledge to secure the consumma
tion of peace. What they particularly
dvsire is that our Government shall
demand as a condition of the cessation
of hostilities the surrender to the
United States military forces of Morro
Castle at the entrance of Havana har
bor and some such points of vantage at
the other important ports in the terri
tory soon to fall under our control.
SPANISH LOSSES VERY
HEAVY AT MALATE
Enemy Works for Two Hours Carry
ing Off the Dead After a
Brush at Night.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
H-rald. Copyrighted. !S9B. by James Uor
don Bennett.
CAMP DEWEY, Aug. S (via Hong
kong, Aug 9).— The Nebraska and the
Eighteenth Infantry held the trenches
last night. At about 10 o'clock the
Spaniards opened flre from Malate.
Private C. L. Lewis of Company E,
First Nebraska, was killed by shrap
nel in the trenches. Several Nebras
kans were wounded. George Harrison
of Company A seriously, by the same
shell that killed Lewis.
The Spanish loss is reported heavy.
They were two hours carrying off the
died early this morning. Pariah dogs
were seen from the American lines
feeding on Spanish bodies.
Winfield A. Schneider of the Pennsyl
vanians succumbed to his wound to
day.
AGUINALDO AND HIS
FOLLOWERS SULLEN
Beginning to Realize the Trend of
American Policy as Regards
the Philippines.
Special Cabls to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAVITE, July 31, via Hongkong and
Paris, Aug. 9. — There has been an im
proved condition of affairs since the
natives were prohibited the free run
of the arsenal. A sullen disposition
prevails in the city. Aguinaldo and his
officers and followers are beginning to
realize the development of the Ameri
can policy on new lines. The visits of
Aguina'do and his aids to General An
derson's headquarters were becoming a
nuisance and are now to be firmly dis
couraged.
Major Tilden of the First California
and Lieutenant Mead of the First Ore
gonians are ill with typhoid fever.
Private Walter Berdine, Company E,
Twenty-third Infantry, of Galveston,
Tex., has died from pneumonia after
measles.
GUATEMALAN REGULARS
AND INSURGENTS CLASH
S^e-Jal cable to The Call and the New York
Hera \ Copyrighted. 1S&8, by James Gor
don tsennett.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Bulletins from
the Herald's correspondent in Guate
mala announce again that the Gov
ernment has had an advantage in all
the encounters with Morales. Several
combats have taken place between
Quezaltenangro and Olos. In one of
these General Barillas, commander of
the Government troops, reports eighty
killed of his men and 120 of the enemy.
The British second-class cruiser
Leandre, by request of the American
and eGrman Ministers, has bee nsent
to Olos to protect foreign interests
there.
Morales raised a forced loan at that
place and procured $1500 from the
American Consul and $2500 from the
German Consul. The insurrectionists
took 800 sacks of coffee there, ready
for export, with which to build breast
works.
Assassination and vandalism are so
frequent as to attract no attention.
Spaniards Will Fight Stubbornly.
Soecial Cable to The Ca.il and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., Aug. 10.—
British Consul General Crawford ar
rived to-day from San Juan. He says
the Spaniards will ma«"» a *t"hhorn re
sistance if attacked.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
BIRDSEYE VIEW SHOWING THE SCENE OF THE BATTLE BEFORE MflLflTE ON THE NIGHT OF JULY 31, WITH MANILA IN THE DISTANCE.
RunQing from the foreground through Malate aod Ermita, just beyood, and therjce on to Manila, is the Camino Real, or King's Highway, which encir
cles the bay fron) Cavite to Manila. In the foreground to the right is the road to Pasay, a mile further to the northward, to which the insur
gents whjo withdrew from the Amjfican right retired. Farther up, a little over half a mile from the Spanish works before Malate, is the
line of breastworks thrown up by the Americans, running fron) the beach on the left to the Caroino Real. In the center of this line is the
Capuchin Chapel, where four guns of the Utah Battery were posted. To the right of the road is an open spacewitba thicket beyond, some
250 yards fron) the east end of the American line, skirting a mcngrove swamp that extends nearly over to the Fasig River. It was in this
gap between tbe end of the American works and the thicket, abandoned by the insurgents in the morning and only covered by two com
panies of tbe Tenth Pennsylvania and a part of the Utah Battery, that the heaviest figbting took place, and where the California boys so
unflinchingly met and repelled tbe atteropt of tbe Spaniards to turn the American right, which would bave meant disaster for the wbole
body of troops at Camp Dewey, sonje distance below.
SPANISH FORCE
DRIVEN BACK AT
CAPE SAN JUAN
One Hundred of the
Foe Slain.
ATTACK ON A LIGHTHOUSE
GUNS OF THE SHIPS REPEL THE
ASSAULT.
American Marines and Sailors Inflict
Heavy Loss, While but One
Man on Our Side Is
Wounded.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAPE SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug.
10, by Call-Herald dispatch-boat Som
mers N. Smith to St. Thomas, D. W. L,
Aug. 10. — There was a two hours' flgbt
before daybreak yesterday. Eight hun
dred Spaniards attempted to retake the
lighthouse, which was guarded by forty
of our Bailors, commanded by Lieuten
ant Atwater, Assistant Engineer Jen
kins, Ensign Bronson and Gunner
Campbell.
The Spaniards were driven back by
shells from the Amphltrite, Cincinnati
and i^eyden. Refugees report that 100
Spaniards were killed.
William H. Boardman of the Amphl-
Jrite, of Lawrence, Mass., a second
class man in the Naval Academy, was
seric-usly w: undecj. He was in th«
lighthouse.
The Spanish advance began from Rio
Grande, whither the Spanish had re
treated after the first landing of troops
at Cape San Juan last week. They
marched through Luquillo and pulled
down the American flag at Fajardo and
replaced the Spanish flag.
Terrified refugees warned the light
house force that the Spanish wer£ com
ing. Sixty women and children were
in°an outbuilding of the lighthouse
during the fight.
The Spaniards opened with a machine
gun at a distance of 300 yards. The
Leyden, Ensign Crosiey commanding,
rushed to within 100 yards of shore
and poured one-pounders into the Span
iards. Captain Bare. ay of the Amphi
trite used six-pounders and the Cin
cinnati five-Inch guns. The ships land
ed 250 men during the fight and rein
forced the lighthouse. A machine *un.
rifles and ammunition were left by the
retreating Spaniards.
Ensign Crosley took the refugees off
at daybreak, and has gone to Ponce.
Our flag is still on the lighthouse, but
the force has been withdrawn.
The Amphitrite's guns cover the
lighthouse, ready to annihilate it if our
flag is hauled down. It is one of the
most important lights on the island.
The Cincinnati has gone to San Juan
to do blockade dut->\
ENGINEER REGIMENT
SAILS FOR PORTO RICO
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The transport
Chester, with the First Regiment of
Volunteer Engineers, numbering about
1200 men, sailed to-day for Porto
Rico.
NATIVES LOSE FAITH
IN CHIEF AGUINALDO
CAVITE, Manila Bay, Aug. 3, via
Hongkong, Aug. 9.— The - lericans are
disgusted with the conduct of Agui
naldo, the insurgent 1 leader, whose
power is weakening owing to the fact
that the Filipinos are realizing the un
substantiality of his promises. Two
insurgent steamers are now in Manila
Bay provisioning, i-i order to insure
Aguinaldo's escape if necessary.
The American field hospital worked
splendidly under a. galling fire at the
battle of Malate.
KILLED AT MALATE.
Fred E. Springstead, Company D,
First Colorado United States Volun
teers, was killed by the explosion of
a Spanish shell during the attack on
the American forces before Manila
on the night of August 1. Spring
stoad's home was at Greeley, Colo.
TROOPS TO BE
HURRIED TO THE
PHILIPPINES
Orders Issued by Al
ger to Merriam.
LARGE FORCE FOR POLICING
ATTITUDE OF AGUINALDO AN
UNCERTAIN QUANTITY.
Possibly News of a Decisive Engage
ment Will Be Received From
General Merritt Be
fore Long.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: It is
considered that no less than 20,000 men
will be needed to prmerly garrison the
Philippine Islands and I am informed
the orders from Secretary Alger to
General Merriam to hurry additional
troops to Manila look rather to com
pleting the expedition as an adequate
military force than to any new move
ment.
There was no surprise expressed that
advices did not come from General
Merritt to-dpv, as the cable station is
1100 miles frum his base of operations
and he would not consider it practica
ble to send dispatch boats so frequent
ly. It was recognized that the recent
engagement was but an incident to
Genera! Merritt's extended investment
of the ctly. It is by no means certain
though there i. some talk to the effect
that iieneral Merritt has been instruct
ed not to take the city. I am informed
that even had Admiral Dewey taken
the city he would have been unable to
properly police it with its disorderly
population of 300,000 inhabitants. To
do this the presonre of an army would
be needed and it is felt tiie next news*
from General Merritt may give an ac
count o£ a decisive engagement.
There is another theory here, how
ever, hs to why the order went from
Secretary Alger hurrying forward
troops— namely, that the element of
Aguinaldo and the insurgents was as
yet an uncertain one, and the presence
of more troops In case of the occupa
tion of Manila or otherwise would be
most timely.
PRAISE FOR AMERICANS
BY THE LONDON PRESS
LONDON. Aug. 10.— The afternoon
newspapers comment unon the battle
of Malate as a repetition of a now fa
miliar story. They say the "Spaniards
were bra^e and incompetent, firing
wildly and attacking too late; the
Americans v c c brave, cool and skill
ful, notwithstanding that their opera
tions were conducted in the midst of a
tropical monsoon."
The papers also refer to the "omin
ous neutrality of the Filipinos" as be
ing evidence of trouble in store for the
Americans.
PRIESTS FAIL IN A
MISSION OF MERCY
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 189 S. by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAMP DEWET. Aug. 3 (via Hong
kong, Aug. 9).— The attempts to secure
the surrender of Manila without fur
ther bloodshed by the intervention of
the church has failed. Since General
Merritt's arrival the chaplains, the
Paulist Fathers, Dougherty and Mc-
Kinnon. have been trying to secure an
entrance to the city through the me
dium of the Belgian Consul to see the
Archbishop, whose influence is para
mount in Manila. Several engagements
made by the Consul to carry the party
across the bay in a launch were not
kept. Finally the Consul intimated
that he would meet the fathers on the
Malate lines, showing the Belgian flag,
to indicate where to cross. The priests
kept the appointment, going to the
front under a heavy fire, but no flag
was shown. This closed the incident.
Manila is now left to its fate.
ALL TROOPS NOW HERE
WILL GO TO MANILA
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— General
Merritts force in the Philippine? is to
be increased by the 7000 troops iiow at
San Francisco, which will be sent as
soon as transports can be obtained.
Secretary' Alger said to-day that 2000
troops would sail at once. The depart
ment has not sufficient transports at
hand to convey the remaining 5000 at
present, but the Secretary says that
with those already arrived and on the
sea, together with the 2000 which are
to leave San Francisco at once. Gen
eral Merritt will have a force of 18.000
and there; will be no hurry for the em
barkation of the remaining troops. The
department has had an offer of two
ships to transport the troops, but con
sidered the price asked excessive, and
it is probable the return of the trans
ports that first went to Manila will be
awaited.
The Secretary to-day cabled General
Merritt asking him when it was ex
pected the transports would return to
San Francisco. If they are likely to
reach that point within three weeks,
their return will be awaited, as it will
take at least that length of time to Ret
new transports in readiness to carry
troops.
Zola Declared to Be in Germany.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 10.— The Rappel says that in
spite of all contradictions M. Zola is at
the Hotel de Pmsse, in Leipslc, and that
he is traveling under the name of George
GouleU
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GARCIA MAKES
WAR ON HIS
OWN ACCOUNT
Captures the Town of
Gibara.
SICK AND WOUNDED CAPTIVES
HOLGUIN NOW BESIEGED BY
THE CUBAN GENERAL.
Eight Thousand Troops Engaged.
The Surrender of the Town Has
Been Demanded From
General Luque. ' ■
Copyrighted. IS9S, by the Associated Prea*.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 10.—
Lieutenant Colonel Jane of General
Calixto Garcia's staff, has just arrived
from the front with dispatches an
nouncing the occupation of Gibara, on
'he north coast of the province of San
tiago de Cuba, by General Garcia's
troops.
Gibara was evacuated by the Span
iards. They left a thousand sick and
wounded soldiers, who are being taken
care of by the Cuban commander.
General Garcia, with 8000 troops. Is
besieging Holguin, now occupied by the
Spanish general, Luque, whose surren
der has been demanded.
SPANISH SCHOONER
SOA MARIA TAKEN
Captured by the Auxiliary Gunboat
Hornet While in Quest of a
Cargo of Food.
KEY WEST, Aug. 10.— The auxiliary
gunboat Hornet arrived here this after
noon with the Spanish two-masted
schooner Silva Maria, captured while
running from Batabano to the Isle of
Pines for food. The Silva Maria car
ried six men but no cargo.
This afternoon Commodore Remey
received orders from Washington to
release the steamer Tabasqueno, cap
tured by the gunboat Hawk, while
making for Sagua la Grande under th«j
French flag. Her case falls in the
same category as that of the Bergen,
Aladdin and Franklin, under the con
tention that Sagua la Grande is not a
blockaded port.2
CAPTAIN RICHARD W. YOUNG.
Commaoder of th>e Utah Battery That Fought an Artillery
Duel at Malate.
IX the fight at Malate the Utah Battery of Light Artillery played an impor
tant part, and under the command of Captain Richard W. Young did most
effective and gallant fighting. This battery is equipped with the latest im
proved rifled breech-loading guns, and is in every respect equal to any bat
tery in the regular army.
Captain Young is a graduate of West Point, and servfd five years in the
Fifth United States Artillery Regiment. He is a thorough military man, and
every inch a fighter. The dispatches state that his command "covered itself
with glory." His home is in Salt Lake City, and he is a grandson of Brig
ham Young.
DELAWARR TO
BE PROSECUTED
Accused of Suborning
Perjury.
EARL MAY DE COMMITTED
WILL BE CITED FOB, CON
TEMPT OF COURT.
Confronted by the Telegram in Which
He Urged Promoter Hooley
to Falsify His Evi
dence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 10.— On the resumption
to-day of the examination into the affairs
of Ernest Hooley, the bankrupt company
promoter, the register announced that Mr.
Hooley was ill and that his examination
must be adjourned. It was decided, how
ever, to allow those who have been charg
ed with receiving bribes to make sworn
statements.
Mr. Duguld, formerly financial editor of
the Pall Mall Gazette explained that tie
£3000 which Hooley paid him was a com
pensation, explaining that Mr. Hooley ap
pointed him city editor of a newspaper,
but was unable to fulfill his contract. Mr.
Hooley, upon another occasion, offered the
witness $5000 in shares of a hydraulic com
pany, which he refused to accept.
Earl Delawarr was next sworn. He
admitted having received £8000 through
Mr. Broadley, Hooley's agent, after the
flotation of the Dunlop company, but the
witness said he had never received any
thing to transmit to the Earl of Albe
marle, nor had he x-eceived £2000 for in
troducing Hooley to Lord Greville.
A -able dispatch was read from Lord
Norbury denying that he had received
£1000 to join the Singer board.
Mr. Praed, the manager of Lloyd's
Bank, said the statements of Mr. Hooley
in regard to the bank were absolutely
false and he produced documents empow
ering the bank to sell or otherwise dis
pose of the securities it held against Mr.
Hooley's overdrafts. Continuing, the wit
ness said Mr. Hooley once said to him:
"You know, Praed, I have lied to every
body in nearly every case, but I have al
ways told you the truth."
The examination was adjourned until
Friday next.
In the Queen's Bench division of the
High Court of Justice to-day Justice
Wright granted counsel for the official
receiver of the Hooley estate permission
to service notice upon Earl Delawarr and
Messrs, Broadtrick, Bradshaw and Ruek
er that on Friday next a motion will be
made to commit them for eonteSipt of
court in attempting to induce Mr. Hooley
to falsify his evidence. In support of the
application counsel presented the telegram
from Earl Delawarr to Mr. Hooley. men
tioned at Mr. Hooley's last examination,
which was as follows:
"Please make it clear that I did not
have £50,000 for Dtuflop, nor kept any
thing duo Albemarle. Also that no con
ditions were made in regard to the pay
n.. it for joining the board and also that
I did not Introduce you to Lord Greville."
The telegram concludes with asking Mr.
Hooley to say he had not had any com
munication with Earl Delawarr since
his llr=t examination.
SPANISH VICTORY
REPORTED BY MACIAS
Says Americans Were Repulsed at
Ouanamoa Without Loss to the
Force of Defenders.
MADRID, Aug. 10.— An official dis
patch received here from San Juan de
Porto Rico says: American forces re
turning from Guantanamo attacked
the heights of Guanamoa. A guerrilla
force under Major Cervera kei t up a
continuous fire for an hour and held
the position, the enemy's attack being
repulsed. We suffered no loss. The
enemy's lor s are not known.
The village of Gamao has been at
tacked by a largely superior force and
had to be abandoned. Our troops are
retreating. MACIAS.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1028 Mission.
WATER FIGHT IS
IN THE COURTS
Three Injunction Suits
at Los Angeles.
ALL TO BE TRIED TOGETHER
BY AGREEMENT OF OPPOSING
COUNSEL.
Two of the Actions Brought by the
Company, the Other by the
City — Opening of Argu
ments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 10.— Threa in
junction suits, one brought by the Los
Angeles City Water Company against
the city and two by the city against the
water company, were begun in the Su
perior Court here this morning. Judgo
Osten of San Bernardino County is on
the bench.
Attorney Chapman in opening the
case for the water company explained
that it had been decided to try the
three cases at once. The court belne
agreeable, he said, that the arguments
of the two sides would alternate, and
that counsel had agreed not to hold
themselves bound, but after the formal
arguments closed to add what in their
judgment seemed to have been not suf
ficiently covered.
Chapman then took up the history of
the case briefly. The city, he expia ned,
laid no claim to the machinery of iho
works except the Bellevue uvoniie
pipes.
Attorney Scott, for the city, inter
rupted. He wanted it understood clear
ly that although the city did not claim
the pipes in Los Feliz marsh land, the
water was maintained to belong to the
municipal corporation.
Regarding the contention of the city
that the rights of the water company
in the matter were merely the rights
of a tenant, Mr. Chapman said: "It
rs the most remarkable case of land
lord and tenant that any man ever
heard of. It is a case where the tenant
has all the rights and title in the case
and the landlord has none at all. Yet
the city makes no secret that it In
tends to take the Crystal Springs prop
erty, but not all of it. Its repre
sentatives have looked it over and de
cided what they could not get along
without. We are entitled to the land.
No matter where the water goes or
comes from, they have no right to the
pipes. We claim that they are not
entitled to a receiver, and I can cite de
cisions to show it."
Here Mr. Chapman read extracts
from a number of Supreme Court
opinions and continued: "On a few
points we all agree. W,e agree that the
contract of 1868 was made, and that the
only difficulty is in its interpretation.
By that contract they claim the right
to enter into possession of our prop
erty July, 1898. When that contract
was made the city had an old wooden
water-wheel and some wooden pipes.
What has become of that ancient struc
ture I do not know. By the theory that
nothing is lost I presume its atoms are
still with us. Since then there have
been more than 320 miles of pipe line
put in. The City Water Company has
since purchased the water rights of the
Citizens' Water Company. The city can
have no landlord's rights in this
•matter.
"Regarding the anxiety of the city
about accumulating water rates, I
would ask what better security could
the city have than a debt to the com
pany of $1,000,000?"
Oregon Grain Fields Burning.
PENDLETON, Or., Aug. 10.— Fire start
ed in the grain fields near this city to
day and apreud over several hundred
acres, destroying 10,000 bushels of grain.
Great damage was also dona to wheat
fields by flre near Athens.
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, THDESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898,
SAMPSON PLACED
AHEAD OF SCHLEY
Will Be Advanced Eight
Numbers.
BOTH TO GET PROMOTIONS
ACTING ADMIRAL TO RANK THE
COMMODORE.
Friends of the Latter Are Indignant
and Promise to Make a Bitter
Fight Against a Con
firmation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— The Presi
dent has determined to recommend to
Congress that Acting Rear Admiral
Sampson be advanced eight numbers
and Commodore Schley six numbers.
This will result in making each a rear
admiral, but with Co-mmodore Schley
Kinking Immediately below Admiral
Sampson. Captain Clark of the Oregon
will be recommended for an advance
of six numbers in the captain's grade,
and Lieutenant Commander Wain
wright will go up eight numbers. Other
promotions throughout the fleet will be
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: Of
all the promotions made to-day none
has caused more comment than those
of Commodores Sampson and Schley,
especially the promotion of the former
over the latter. The friends of Com
modore Schley are rather inclined to
be indignant, but the administration
sees no ground for complaint on the
part of the second in command in the
battle with Cervera's fleet.
Secretary Long, who told me about
the promotions to-night, said the Presi
dent had taken action in all of the
cases as it seemed to him to be just
and proper. He called attention to the
fact that Rear Admiral Sampson was
commander in chief of the squadron
which defeated Admiral Cervera's com
mand, and therefore was entitled to the
promotion he has received.
The reasons assigned by the Presi
dent for the promotion of Rear Admiral
Sampson cannot be positively stated,
but it is known that Commodore Schlev
has been promoted for conspicuous
conduct in battle, while it is said Samp
son will receive his promotion for meri
torious services.
It is rather expected by the authori
ties that the decision to promote Samp
son over Schley, as has been done, will
cause a renewal of the controversy
which started immediately after the
battle of July 3. Friends of Schley
premise to make a bitter fight when the
nominations go before the Senate. They
have no protest to make against Ad
miral Sampson's promotion, but cannot
understand why he should have jumped
over the head of Schley, who took a
much more conspicuous part in the bat
tle.
NEW DEPARTMENT OF
SANTIAGO ERECTED
Lawton to Rule the Province and
Wood the City — Shafter Is
Coming Home.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10 —A de
partment of the army to be known as
the Department of Santiago was erect
ed to-day. Major General Henn r W.
Lawton is assigned to its command.
Brigadier General Wood will continue
in command of Santiago City. General
Shafter returns to this country with
the Fifth Arn^j, Corps. He will be in
command unti*""ne departs.
CHINA AGREES TO
RUSSIAN DEMANDS
British Concessions Ig
nored Completely.
SIGNED CONTRACT VIOLATED
LATEST PHASE OF THE BAIL
WAY LOAN.
Great Britain Made to Play a Very
Subsidiary Part in a Most
Important Diplomatic
Matter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— The Peking cor
respondent of the Times says: The
Tsung Li Yamen (Chinese Foreign Of
fice) has given formal assent to all the
conditions imposed by the Russian
Charge d'Affaires, M. Pavloff, regard
ing the contract for the Niu Chwans:
Railway extension loan. .
These conditions are in direct conflict
with the terms of the signed contract
and are designed to block the comple
tion of the final contract.
The objectionable clauses In favor of
Russia are removed.
M. Pavloff's conditions as to the Niu
Chwang Railway are that the lines
should not be mortgaged as security,^
and that no foreign control or interfer
ence should be permitted, even in case
of default. So far as the Peking-Han
kow contract is concerned a separate
agreement appoints as arbitrator in
any disputed question the Minister of
that country having the largest finan
cial interest. This gives the Russian
Minister absolute power.
The Times, commenting on the dis
patch of its Peking correspondent, says:
M. Pavloff has knocked the bottom
out of the British concessions. The
news makes short work of all Mr. Bat
four's demonstration on the subject of
the "open door."
FEAR A FAILURE.
Oriental Steamship Company Will
Probably Collapse.
TACOMA, Aug. 10.— Advices received
from Japan to-day say the J.apan Herald
states that shareholders of the Oriental
Steamship Company, which had intended
running steamers to San Francisco next
year, have refused to pay the fourth call
on their shares, fearing evidently that
the company is foredoomed to failure, be
cause the foreign services of the Nippon
Yusen Kaisha nave proved a source of
loss. The Herald says further that some
shareholders are urging dissolution of the
company.
Bret Harte begins a new story in
next Sunday's Call.
SHANGHAI RIOTS
END IN CARNAGE
Deadly Fire of French
Marines.
MANY NINGPOS SHOT DOWN
LEADER OF THE MOB FATALLY
BAYONETED.
Awed by the Result of the Conflict,
the Coolies Finally Disperse
and Seek to Compro
mise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 10.— Japanese
papers received, to-day contain full ac
counts of the Shanghai riots of July
17 to 19, which were participated in by
several thousand members of the
Ningpo guild, the strongest native or
ganization in Shanghai. The wrath of
the rioting coolies was aimed at the
French colony, the natives claiming the
right to assemble on and use a large
compound within the limits of the
French concession. Resident French
men denied this right, though the
Ningpo men claimed that after a cen
tury of occupation the whole compound
was theirs absolutely.
On July 15 a circular was issued call
ing upon all Nlngpo men to quit the
service of foreigners. Over ten thous
and responded, carpenters, coolies and
deckhands reiusing duty throughout
Shanghai by hundreds. Two days later
the Ningpoese threatened to set fire to
the French concession. That night the
rioters, screeching and howling, raided
the police station at Namtao, pulling
down part of its wails. By this time
eighty marines from the French cruis
er Eclaireur and fifty from the French
! steamer Oceanien had been landed to
i assist the police. The rioters quickly
j became more boisterous, throwing
! stones and clubs, until after due warn
ings the sailors were ordered to fire
upon the mob.
Five Chinese were killed and several
wo-unded. Subsequently the mob was
again fired into by both marines and
police. Native accounts say over twenty
were killed. The French know of thir
teen killed and say others died after
being carried away by Chinese friends.
Between forty and fifty more were
wounded, twenty-nine sufferers from
gunshot wounds being taken to the
i Shantung Hospital. One of the mobs
j leaders was stabbed in the eye with
| a bayonet and died next day. A native
! merchant died from a terrible wound
i in his throat, having been shot while
; looking on from his veranda. This and
i other circumstances indicate that the
French fired in every direction.
In explanation of the harsh measures
taken against the natives the Secretary
of the French municipality says: "It
has been proved that nearly all the
victims were rioters, armed with bam
boos, boathooks and stones. The pro
portion of innocent victims was very
small, due to the extreme moderation
shown by the sailors and police."
Nearly 500 men were on duty during
the riot, including 280 marines and sail
ors from the cruiser Eclaireur and
steamers Marco Polo- and Oceanien,
fifty policemen, 120 volunteers and sev
eral dozen civilians.
Next day machine guns were mount
ed in the police station yard, and am
munition distributed to the marines
and police. This summary action, to
gether with the killing of their com
rades, created consternation among the
Chinese, with the result that large
numbers of striking coolies soon re
sumed work. Others remained obsti
nate, but no further rioting is ex
pected.
Following the riots prominent mem
bers of the Nlngpo guild held a consul
tation with American Consul General
Goodnow, telling him they would also
consult the French, Russian and Ger
man Consul Generals. They sought
Goodnow's aid in making peace with
the French, pointing out that the con
tinuance of strained relations between
the Chinese and French meant inconve
nience and loss to all foreign mer
chants.
It is expected at Shanghai that the
Consuls General named will act to
gether in the premises, especially as
native trade with foreign houses has
already been reduced to a minimum.
The Ningpo men refuse to abandon
their claim to the disputed compound,
claiming that it was acknowledged in
the proclamation Issued by the French
Consul General twenty-four years ago.
REV. JONES FILLS
A RENO PULPIT
Recently Divorced by an
Alameda Court.
LOCATED THROUGH THE CALL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Aug. 10.— It transpires
that the Rev. Frederick V. Jones, who
was granted a divorce in Alameda
County, as stated in last Sunday's
Call, is the Rev. Frederick Vernon
Jones who has lived and filled the pul-
pit of the Congregational Church of
this city since last April and continues
to do so. And this despite the fact that
he claimed to be engaged in business at
Haywards and to have quit the min
istry.
The ffect^that he ia or has been mar
ried and that the person referred to in
The Call is the same as the one occupy
ing the pulpit here will be very inter
esting: news to many of the people of
this city.
The Rev. Mr. Jones came here last
April and since then" has become one
of the well-known people of the city.
He has met with fair success as pastor
of one of the largest churches here,
has made himself rather a favorite in
a social way and enjoys the privilege
of calling upon the best people of the
city, regardless of whether or not they
belong to his church. While he has
not stated that he was an unmarried
man the fact of his having been mar
ried and divorced — in short, that he is
the same man referred to in last Sun
day's Call has not been dreamed of
here until The Call correspondent, at
tracted by the similarity in names, etc.,
investigated the matter and found it to
be so.
What action his congregation will
take In the matter will probably be de
termined shortly after the members
learn the facts in the case.
HEROES ABOARD
THE BROOKLYN
Captain Murphy Praises
His Men.
BRAVE ACTS IN BATTLE
INSTANCES CITED IN AN OF
FICIAL REPORT.
How the Crew on Schley's Flagship
Behaved During the Fight With
the Spanish Fleet Under
Cervera.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— The fol
lowing report has been made public by
the Navy Department:
FLAGSHIP, North Atlantic Station,
July 16, United States Flagship Brooklyn,
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, July 6.— Sir: I
have the honor to submit the following
report of the part taken by the marine
guard of this veswel on the 3d instant in
the action which resulted in the destruc
tion of the Spanish squadron:
At the moment the alarm was given
that the enemy's ships were coming out
of the harbor, the guard was at quar
ters, ready for inspection. It was imme
diately dismissed and the men sent to
their stations for battle. The men were
full of enthusiasm, but there was no ex
citement or disorder and apparently no
concern for personal safety.
The battery was handled with admira
ble coolness and deliberation. Greater
care could not be taken in setting sights
and aiming if the men had been at tar
get practice and each striving to make
a record score.
Considering the fact that the enemy
was within effective range during the
greater part of the action, the fire of
the secondary battery must have been
most destructive to his men and material
and contributed its full share to bring
ing the battle to an end so speedily and
with so little loss to ourselves. It is
reported that the Spanish officers have
stated that so deadly was the effect of
our secondary battery fire that it was im
possible to keep their men at the guns.
Where all did their duty manfully, it
is a difficult matter to select individual:',
for special mention. There are some,
however, who deserve to be brought to
your notice by name for conduct that
displayed in a conspicuous manner cour
age, intelligence and devotion to duty
during the action.
A cartridge during the action was
jammed in tne bore of the six-pounder,
and in the effort to withdraw it the case
became detached frorr me projectile,
leaving the latter fast in the bore and
Impossible to extricate from the rear.
Corporal Robert Guy of the port gun
asked and received permission to attempt
to drive the shell out by means of a ram
mer. To do this it was necessary to go
out on the gun, and the undertaking was
full of difficulty and danger, the latter
due in a great measure to the blast of the
turret guns firing overhead. The gun
was hot and it was necessary to cling to
the Jacob ladder with one hand while en
deavoring with the other to manipulate
the long rammer. After a brave effort he
was forced to give up and was ordered in.
Quarter Gunner \V. H. Smith then was
sent by the executive officer and promptly
placed himself in the dangerous position
outside the gun port, where he worked
and failed, as the corporal had done.
Neither had been able to get the rammer
into the bore, and there seemed nothing
left to do but dismount the gun. At this
Juncture Private MacNeal, one" of the
crew, volunteered to go out and make a
final effort.
The gun was so important, the star
board battery being engaged, that as a
forlorn nope he was permitted to make
the attempt. He pushed out boldly and
set to work. The guns of the forward
turret were firing, the blast nearly
knocking him overboard, and the enemy's
shots were coming with frequency into
his immediate neighborhood. It was at
this time tha,t Chief Yeoman Ellis was
killed on the other side of the deck.
MacNeal never paused in his work. The
rammer was finally placed in the bore
and the shell ejected. The gun was im
meuiately put in action, and MacNeal re
sumed his duties as coolly as if what he
had done were a matter of every day
routine.
The battle orderlies well merit a place
among those whose conduct is worthy of
special mention. They were on the move
continuously, bearing battle orders to all
parts of the ship, and in no instance did
they fail In the prompt and intelligent
performance of their responsible duty.
The signal men occupied very exposed
positions during the action and rendered
excellent service. Signal halyards and
numbers, battle flags and speed cones
were riddled by small projectiles and
fragments of bursting shell, casualties
that show in what a zone of danger the
signal men performed their duties. Sig
nalmen Coombs and Mclntyre and Battle
Orderlies Rail and Davis were so near
Yeoman Ellis when he was killed that
they were bespattered with blood.
The. following are the names of the bat
tle orderlies:
To the flag officer— Privates Rail and
Davis.
To the commanding officer— Privates
Kelly, Smith and San Jule.
To the executive officer— Privates Bren
nen Q. "Wlsmer and O'Donnell.
The flag orderly. Private Richmond, and
commanding officer's orderly, Private
Woodhull, were on deck and rendered
good service.
The following are the names of the sig-
nal men:
Forward— Privates Coombs and Mcln
tyre.
Aft— Privates Shaw and Allearne.
The music boys. Drummer Weisenberg
and Fifer Stewart, were stationed on the
main and the gun decks respectively, to
sound trumpet calls and behaved man
fully.
None showed more unflinching courage
than the men in the military tops, who
stood by their guns delivering their fire
with unerring precision, undismayed by
the projectiles flying about them and
striking in their immediate vicinity.
Private Stockbridge, the only man on
the sick list, climbed into the main-top at
the signal for battle, where he remained
to the end of the action, doing good work
at his gun.
The non-commissioned officers — First
Sergeant Manning, Sergeants Bristow,
MontaJr, Ingalls and McDevett, Corporals
Dittmeier, Doyle and Gray— showed ex
cellent soldierly qualities in the manage
ment of the men and battery.
First Sergeant Manning rendered valua
ble aid In supervising the widely separ
ated detachments of the guard.
I cannot speak too highly of the con
duct and bearing of Lieutenant Borden.
His courage and excellent services proved
him a valuable officer.
There were no casualties of a serious
nature. Two men were Plightly Injured,
one Private Flinn. in the back by a splin
ter; the other, Private Barfleld, In the
leg, cause unknown. In neither case was
It necessary for the men to leave their
station.
It is a matter of the greatest pride to
the guard, officers ajul men alike, to be
able to claim a sharo in the splendid
work done by the Brooklyn on the 3d in-
stant.
A report nearly identical with this has
been made to the commanding officer.
"Very respectfully,
PAUL ST. C. MURPHY,
Captain. United States Marine Corps.
Commanding guard.
To the colonel commandant, headquar
ters United States Marine Corps, Wash
ington.
Second indorsement:
UNITED STATES FLAGSHIP BROOK
LYN, Off Santiago de Cuba, July 15.—Re
spectfully forwarded. The conduct of
the marine guard under Captain Mur
phy's command on the occasion of the
destruction of the Spanish squadron on
July 3, 1898. was in every way worthy of
the accompanying report.
W. S. SCHLEY,
Commodore U. S. N
Commander-in-chief flying squadron.
Influences of the war on politic:,
discussed by prominent people in
next Sunday's Cell.
SOL. N. SHERIDAN,
Special Correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald.
STATE TICKETS
BEING CREATED
Nominees of Nebraska
Republicans.
HAYWARD FOR GOVERNOR
MISSOURI DEMOCRATS OPPOSE
EXPANSION.
Republicans of Wyoming Will Adopt
a Gold Platform and Commend
the Policy of the Ad
ministration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LINCOLN. Nebr., Aug. 10.— The Re
publican State Convention nominated
the following ticket:
Governor, M. L. Hayward, Otoe
County.
Lieutenant Governor, George A. Mur
phy, Gage County.
Secretary of State, Cenek Duras, Sa
line County.
Auditor, T. I. Matthews, Dodge j
County.
Treasurer, Peter Mertensen, Valley i
County.
Superintendent of Public Instruction, |
J. F. Saylor, Lancaster County.
Attorney General, N. D. Jackson, An- j
telope County.
Commissioner of Public Lands and ;
Buildings, A- W. Williams, Douglas
County.
The platform Is brief and goes to ex
tremes in conservatism, dismissing the
subject of territorial expansion with
an indorsement of President McKin
ley's proposed terms of peace.,, A senti
ment favorable to a declaration for
imperialism was apparent before the
convention met, but it is supposed to
have been antagonized in the commit
tee on resolutions and did not come be
fore the convention. The platform re
iterates the declarations at St. Louis,
Are important things in household affairs. Keep the cupboard weH stocked
with first-class supplies and the course of life .vill flow peacefully. We
mean to sell staple groceries and provisions at small profits. Our large pur-
chases enable us to buy at lowest prices. We are careful to keep the best
quality in things to eat. Will you try the cash plan awhile and see how it
works?
FINE TABLE BUTTER ON SALE TO-DAY AT 35, 40 GENTS.
ONE-CENT BARGAINS.
1 10-cent asbestos fire kindler lo
1 coffee pot stan' metal lc
1 sad iron stand. 10-cent quality lc I
1 package of -white envelopes lc
1 paper Rdamantine pins lc i
1 paper Blood's needles, fine lc ;
1 spool machine cotton, 60 to 100 lc :
1 package of hairpins lc .
1 metal pencil sharpener lc I
1 Jlnko basket for fancy work lc |
Ismail tin funnel lc
Green window screening wire, per foot lc
5 CENTS.
6 tin teaspoons 5o
1 infants' vest to IV, years 5c \
1 pair gray stockings. 5 to 7 Sc
1 dozen large coat buttons Be |
1 dozen shoe strings, girls sc.
6 button hooks, assorted 5c
1 harmonica, a good one Bo
1 purse, for boy or girl Sc
1 dozen lead pencils, good 5c
1 autograph album 5c
1 handsome picture book 5c
1 bottle fine French mustard 5c
1 Egyptian bath sponge "■
1 game to amuse children 5c I
1 good nail gimbtet oc j
1 good nail or hand brush, small 5c |
12 little tin patty pans sc!
10 CENTS.
100 plain slate pencils 10c
1 wrench, bicycle or other use 10c |
1 pair sewing scissors, good !0c
1 ladles' untrtmmed hat l ftc
1 set child's dishes, tin l''c
1 35-cent clothes brush
15-cenl mantel ornament l° c
1 two-bit hair brush Iv
1 fancy cup and saucer l"c
1 family size screw driver lOc
1 good 1-foot pocket rule
1 pretty little cream lug- We
1 pound Eastern Shaker com lOc
1 bottle Imported pickled onions We I
1 pretty glass vase for mantel 10c |
1 pair ladies' seamless black hose loc I
THIRD-FLOOR BARGAINS. l^flillpi 1
Heavy gray all-wool Klondike blankets.... H 00 \orjV I }i ij] Rhß
Men'B leather working gloves, sizes S. 9.... 25 c B«rR X* ll $' «
Gloves: buck, boys' or ladies' outdoor — ...25c %. 3 B £?• N s M
Tapestry rugp, $1 quality, remnants '........ 50c ■ VHI Si «29 Hi
Tapestry. carpets, 27-Inch, short lengths.. 3sc up gam^ -«. —^ _ _ _^ -_ __ _ •.
Ingrain carpets, 36-inch. pretty styles 25c ■- /*%?fc fi-fl T^ 81 WF fc_
"Wall paper, double rolls, handsome........ 6c up •^^•.. ■»V^»O ** ■ •> »*
Military overalls for little b0y5. . . . ;. . .V. . :^.V.250
Klondike shoes or moccasins. $3 value ?1~50 25 a 2T Alarket St S« P«
and continues:
"We are in favor of the maintenance
of the present gold standard and un
alterably opposed to the free and un
limited coinage of silver. We favor
the payment of our soldiers and sailors
in the same money as is paid the bond
holders."
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., Aug. 10.—Bald
win's Theater was crowded when the
Democratic Convention was called to
order at noon. Congressman Richard
P. Bland, introduced as temporary
chairman, was received with great ap
plause. In the course of his addrees
he declared his belief that eventually
Cuba and Porto Rico would come into
our country, but he desired no declara
tion on that question until these terri
tories were prepared to come in of their
own free will and accord and under
Democratic principles.
The first ballot resulted in the nomi
nation of Judge William C. Marshall
for Supreme Judge for the long term
and Judge Leroy B. Valliant for the
short term of the same office. The con
vention then adjourned until to-mor
row.
Late to-night the committee on reso
lutions agreed on a platform which in
dorses the Chicago platform; opposes
.acquisition of the Philippines or other
I territory in the Eastern hemisphere;
approves the construction of the Nica
raguan canal, which should be con
trolled by the United States; declares
that our navy should be kept equal to
j any emergency, and demands that
j Porto Rico and all Spanish territory in
the West Indies, except Cuba, shall be
i taken and held by the United States,
i Cuba to be allowed to establish its own
government and to be annexed only at
the desire of the people of the island.
DOUGLAS, Wyo., Aug. 10.— The Re
publican State eonvpnttnn Iriet here at
5:30 oclock, with very enthusiastic and
well filled delegations from each
county.
The convention listened to speeches
jby a number of delegates, and ad
journed without action until to-morrow
morning 1 . There is an overwhelming
sentiment in favor of adopting the
| financial plank of the St. Louis plat
form, and the national administration
j will be commended and upheld.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Aug. 10.— At
j the Republican State convention held
lat Ocala yesterday State candidates
I were nominated, and at the Second Dia
j trict Republican convention, held at
| the same place to-day, H. L. Anderson
I was nominated for Congress. Both
! conventions were controlled by the
i Long faction of the party. Judge Long,
| National Republican Committeeman
' from Florida, being chairman of the
! State convention. The Republicans,
| for the first time in many years, intend
|to wage an aggressive campaign. The
! administration was indorsed, amid
j great enthusiasm.
25 CENTS.
1 pair infants' fancy shoes, 1 to 4 2so
1 fancy embroidered stand cover 25 C
1 large yellow bowl 26c
1 ladles' undervest, gray or ecru jgc
1 child's sunbonnet. in colors 25c
1 pair light buck gloves. 7>*. 8 25c
1 perfumery atomizer. 50c kind 26c
1 pretty 50c China candlestick J5 C
1 pair "girls' 50c underpants, Bto 14 years 25c
S pounds best white butter beans 250
1 pounds good hotel or family coffee 25c
10 pounds fine laundry starch jjc
1 extension wire window screen 25c
FOR $1.00.
Men's heavy $2 25 brogans, 9H, 10 $i 00
Men's medium weight shoes. 9*4. 10 1 00
2 poumls best stocking yarn, special 1 00
25 yards calico, dress styles l 00
IS yarda calico, shirting styles l no
15 pair children's stockings, 2 to 10 years.. 1 00
25 harmonicaa to sell at X cents i oo
t ladles' or misses' trimmed hat 1 00
1 pair big boys' Sunday shoes, button 1 00
1 clock, 30 hours, good timekeeper 10?
1 pair g-ents' button shoes, 5 to 'ih'z 1 0»
12 brushes, assorted, value $2 1 01
2T> handkerchiefs, assorted kinds 1 OS
a buttons for family use 1 (M
i'fs! makes 1 00
40 spools sewing cotton, high grade 1 00
25 yards standard bunting 1 00
20 yards Scotch plaid, double fold 1 00
16 yards all wool chaili. dark ground 1 00
Old Indies' fine kid lace buskins 1 00
10 hats for ladies and misses, special 1 00
16 yards fin,- figured wool delaine, dark 1 00
1-8 ball croquet set. middling good 100
8 pounds of mixed nuts— A-quality .-.. 1 00
5-pound tin Farwest baking powder 1 W
25 pounds fine French prunes 100
3 1-galltMi tins S. H. syrup 100
150-pound 3ack extra white flour 90c
This flour at 90 cents Is open to all. It is
fully warranted, and will win favor wherever
It is given a chance.JOCKEY SLOAN
IN GOOD FORM
Two Mounts and Two
Wins at Saratoga.
HANDPRESS HEAVILY PLAYED
DIGGS. THE CAST-OFF, FIRST
AGAIN AT HAWTHORNE.
. .Belle Bramble and Belle of Memphis
Successful at St. Louis — Mc-
Donald Rides
Well.
Special to The Call.
'■ '■■ '.SARATOGA, Aug. 10.— Tod Sloan had but
''. two mounts to-day and put both first past ihe
■ finishing point. Favorites were beaten twice.
•and" in the last race Lady Painty and Chal
; • linger were equal choices. The latter fell at
•-'■ the head of the homestretch. A great "kill
■'• ing" was made by the Kandpress party in the
' ■fourth race. Landsman, a good favorite In the
V initial event, finished "outside th« money,"
'.■'■ .•with Slmnifl up.
." First race, purse, six and a half furlongs:
'. ' Name and Weight. Jockeys. V». V Str. Fin.
'■ Ki-gger Baby. 109 .. A Barrett 2 2 2 1
... fncle Louis, 106 C. Sloan 0 3 12
\ .Tyrian, 109 Lamly 3 In 3 3
-. *L>andetnan, 119 Simms 10 0 0
"-. . Time. - '--'-■ Won cleverly. Second and third
-. -. driving.
'• ■ ■. Island Prince 109. L«requoise 106 and Flare
. *way.-104 also ran.
■' ■• • Satssalito odds against first th-ee "3 to 1. 6
'.-■ ;to-"l aha 12 tv 1. Track odds— B to 1, 5 to 1 and
' . *5 ■•■ : l,"
-*; '•.••■Favorite.
• ■■" Second race, two-year-olds, six furlongs:
•Name and Weight. Jockeys. V %'. Str. Fin.
. : -Fra:. . Becker. ■:.... T. Sloan 2 2 2 12
'••.-Great Neck, 100 Clawson 3 3 3 2
r*Hllee; 112 A. Barrett .1 11 11 3
'.' BVcoQla, I'M -.Dupee 4 4 4 4
•"" .Titne. 1:15%. Won easily. Second and third
-. ' .'driving.
I ■.•'Sausallto odds against first three— 2 L j to 1,
".' S.tSjul and 4 to 3. Track odds— 7 to 2, 4 to 1
• ' ih'd : / to 5.
r" •'.■• Favorite.
• ••../Th-frd race, purse, one and an eighth miles:
• •"N'iC".'*- and Wt. Jockeys. V }j. \. lm. Fin.
:" /. ."iPoetess, Hi T. Sloan 4 4 4 4 11
.■. OrihVilr.' 109 A. Barrett 3 3 112
,■ ' Gray 113 3 3
■ :h Plaid. 10$. Williams 2 2 2 2 4
Won handily. Second and thini
. ■ ■
agrainst first three— 3 to 5, 3 to
\ 1 and 2'l to 1. Track odds— l to 2, 7 to 2 and
■; •favorite
'. F urfh rare, three-year-olds, one mile:
• OCaine and Wt. Jockeys. Jfc. V Str. Fin.
Hand a Barrett 2 in 1 l l l l
ro-w hurst 3 3 2 2 2
. a 5,.,n 00333
• Judge Wardell. 10". Powers 12 0 0 0
• T:.:r>-. 1:41%. Won handily. Second and third
.driving.
' •Filament 103 and Valid 97 also ran.
•.■-Sa;;- i^rainst first three — S to 1, 2>-s
- • Track odds — 6 to 1, 3 to 1 and
. .-*:'■ -
;. ■ •Favorite.
• . •- . .Fifth race, handicap, one and a half miles,
' hurdle?:
"Name and Wt. Jockeys. "4. H- 94. Ira. Fin.
• ••{..ady Dainty, 136.. Wynne 3 3 111
:--'Gpv. Budd. 153 ...Sheedy 2 12 2 2
,'. lenger. 161 Ho&an 1 2 3 t3 3
. -.Time. 2:47. Won easily. Second driving.
\, tThfrd fell in the homestretch.
. ■ Sauealito odds against first three— Even
• tadney. 4 to 1 and even money. Track odds —
... i to 5, 7 to 1 and even.
DIGOS WON AGAIN.
Ex-Record Breaker of California
First by Two Lengths
at Hawthorne.
;. CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— "Long Shot" Contey,
■ and Willie Martin were in evidence
this aft I Hawthorne track, the former
victory at Juicy odds.
Dunoia and Martin on
<»1. Diggs is in rare fr>rm, and won
again with ease by two lengths.
Fir^t race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
longs:
: Name and Weight. Jockeys. - 2 . %, Str. Fin.
- Joy, no Conley 0 0 1 1 Ins
Flirtation, 110 Foucon 0 0 3 2
Nellie Fonso, 110. . W. Martin 2 2 2 3
■ -. 113 Ellis 3 3 0 0
Potenza. 106 B. Johnson 110 0
. Time, 1:03%. W.,n .lrlving. Second and third
driving.
. Bald Ne.l 105, Pella B 105. 'Major Eskrldge
• heval dOr 113 and Harry Nutter 118 also
' ran.
-' first three— S to L 5
to 1 and •* to 1. Track odds— lo to 1, 5 to 1
' and 4 to 1.
•Equal favor:-
.' Second race, .selling, six furlongs:
';• Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- %- Str. Fin.
piSSs. 100 Holdea 2 2 3 12
■ f'.ur Gertie, &S W. Kiley 1112
Looust Blossom. HO.McNlchols 0 0 0 3
•Tartarian, 108 Thorpe 3 2 2 0
"" .Time. 1:14. Won easily. Second and third
' driving.
..• Lady Callahan PS. Treopia 104, Johnny Will
■ tarns 98, Hindoonet 98, Dr. Sharp 101 and Lizzie
• t Carah.er 97 also ran. '.
• Sausalito odds against first three — 4 to 1, 8 to
.1 arid 10 to 1. Track odds— to 1, 10 to 1 and
-15 to 1.
■ "Favorite.
Third race, selling, one mile:
" " Name an*l Wt. Jockeys. 4. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Tranby. 113 T. Burns 3 2 1 1 1 12
'■■Chugnut, 104 Rose 0 0 3 3 2
•Tonto. 102 Aker 0 0 0 0 3
Sauterne. 106 Everett 112 2 0
Swordsman, 110...Shepard 2 0 0 0 0
Bro. Fred. 102.. Klley 0 3 0 0 0
• Time, 1:42%. Won easily. Second and third
.driving.
• Treeby 100. Dixie Lee 100, Brotherhood 102,
King Df^ii^e 104. Martin X 105, Joe Mussle 105,
Dorothy II 107 and Del Paso 107 also ran.
tall to odds against first three— 3 to 2, 10
~t'o 1 .and 10 to 1. Track odds— 7 to 5, 12 to 1
and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
.':-. Fourth race, selling, one mile:
. -'Name and Wt. Jockeys. *;. % %. Str. Fin.
• .•Duriols. 109 Thorpe 0 0 3 2 11
: Morte Fonse, 11G... Burns 0 0 0 0 2
Amy Wade, 102.McNlciiols 2 3 1 2 13 3
•' '"polling, 109 Jenkins 12 0 0 0
■ Ti' Powett. 112.... Everett 3 12 3 0
i' • Time. 1:41%. Won handily. Second and third
.■driving.
'. ' The Tory 105, Muskalonge 107 and Roger B
" 'IDS aißo ran.
Sausalito odds against first three—
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 000,000 Boxes
fir SS¥¥ ¥ *5S
■FOS BILIdUS AND NERVOUS DISOEDESS
such as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach,
• Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
• ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Oostivenees.
. Blotches on the Skin. Cold. Chills.. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
• Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
■ • THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF .
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
.will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH AST* PILLS, taken as direct-
• cd. will «£ l 7 restore Females to com-
• plow health. They promptly remove
. obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
v IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And bar« th«
LARGEST SALE
or any Patent Medicine in the World.
25c. at all Drat* stores. I
money, 3to 2 and 10 to 1. Track odds — 4 to 5,
S to 5 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V •■;.. *i- Str. Fin.
St Alfonses D, 107. Everett 3 3 2 2 IM,
Her Favor. 102.. T. Burns 11112
MWtT, 107 Thorpe 0 0 3 3 3
•Daisy F. 109 Ellis 2 2 0 0 0
Time. 1:28. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Hardly 102, Ilosi IC4 and Molo 107 also ran.
SHii=aiito odds against first three— 2 to 1, 6 to
1 and 3 to 1. Track odds— 9 to 5, 6 to 1 and 7
to 2.
•Favorite.
Plxth race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
longs:
•Approval. 113 (W. Martin) 1
.Tonos, 106 (Winkfit-ld) 2
Barmy Saal, 10S (H. Williams) 3
Time, 1:08; \Vr,n handily. Second and third
driving.
Charmante 105. Mendacious 105, Rio Chico 105,
i i iremus 108, Capsicum 10S and Numa 113 also
ran. Latter fell.
Track odds — 6 to 5, 20 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
BELLE BRAMBLE A SURPRISE.
She Wins at a Long Price Over the
St. Louis Racetrack.
ST. LOI'TS, Aug. 10.— Belle BramW c and
Belle of Memphis were among the winners at
The Fair Grounds truck to-day, the former be
ing at the juicy odds of 15 to l. J. McDonald
of (■"iilifornia again put the last two winners
over the plate, his ride on Sir Gatlaji being es
pecially clever. Belle of Memphis ran six fur
longs in 1:14. The track was In good order.
First race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. >*.. %. Str. Fin.
•Mound City. 103 Gilmore 3 1111
Imp. King Gold. 100 Bloss 10 0 2
H. H. Gardner, 105.. Southard 0 0 3 3
Correspond, 106 Stevens 2 2 2 0
Aunt Mary. 105 Lines 0 3 0 0
Time. 1:15. Won easily. Second and third
driving:.
Truxillo 110 and tlhler S4 also ran.
Sausallto odds against first three — to 5, 3
to 1 and 12 to 1. Track odds— to 5, 7 to 2
and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, five and a half
furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. 14. %. Str. Fin.
•Jessie Jarboe, 100 C. Clay 1 1 2 1 h
La Josephine. &5 Kane 0 0 0 2
Alta May. 95 Franklin 0 0 0 3
Leo Stratus, 100 Lines 0 0 lh 0
Pansy H. 95 Southard 2 2.3 0
■ Time, 1:09%- Won driving. Second and third
1 driving.
Elmer S 103. Slow Go 103. Palarm 103, Joe
! Doughty 103. Mountain Dew 106, Rose Ash 100,
I Tulare PS. Bert Davis BS, Miss Gerard 95 and
Rainmaker 96 also ran.
Sausalito odds against first three— 2% to 1. 10
! to 1 and 30 to 1. Track odds— S to 5, 12 to 1 and
40 to 1.
; 'Favorite.
Third race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, ft. V Str. Fin.
Belle of Memphis, 103. W. Dean 3 111
Nick Carter, 105.. J. McDonald 12 2 8
•Gibraltar. 112 Lines 2 0 0 3
Tommy Rutter. 102 Irvine 0 3 3 0
Time. 1:14. Won cleverly. Second and third
easily.
Ferris Hart man 102. and White Leaf 103 also |
ran.
Sausalito odds against first three— 3 to 2, 5 |
to 1 and 7 to 10. Track odds— S to 5, sto 1 and ;
4 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, owners" handicap, mile and a
sixteenth:
Name and Wt Jockeys. >*. V 4. *«. Str. Fin.
! Belle Bramble, 92.... Ke11y 2 2 14 1 12
i Forbush. i 52 Watson 4 4 4 3 2ns
I 'The T :iet-tor. 92.. C. Clay 113 2 3
I Eikin. &1 Southard 3 3 2 4 4
Time, I:4SVj. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
SausaUto odds against first three— l 2to 1, 6
to 5 and 7 to 10. Track odds— ls to 1, 8 to 5
and 3 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, two-year-old?, five and a half fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. ft. %. Str. Fin.
Sir Gatian, 103.... J. McDonald 0 0 3 I^4
Good Hope. 105 Rutter 2 1 1 1V» 2
Be True. 103 Lendrum 0 0 0 3
Mona B. 105 Gilmore 12 0 0
•Georgie, 100 Guitterez 3 3 0 0
Iris. 100 ...Lines 0 0 2 0
Time. 1:08%. Won driving. Second and third
driving-.
HUM? 103 and Dandy H 103 also ran.
Sausalito odds against first three— to 1, 4
to 1 and 10 to 1. Track odds — i to 1. 9 to 2
and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, one and an eighth miles:
Name and Wt. Jockey*. V »*. X- Sir. Fin
MaddaJo 1W ..McDonald 3 2 3 lh 11
J. Stetfdman, 103 Lines 0 0 0 0 2 1
Mlon, M Gilmore 0 0 0 3 3
Siva. HS H'thereall 1 1 h 1 121 0
Mrs. Bradshaw, 101. Clay 2 3 2 0 0
Time I:.'.V«. Won handily. Second cleverly.
Third flrlvlr.gr.
Rowland l>a"te I^4, King Elkwood 103 and
Amber Glints 101 also ran.
Pausallto odds against first three— 2>ri to 1,
6to 1 and 3to 2. Track odds— l 3to 5, 7to 1
and & to 5.
•Favorite.
HARNESS RACES ON
THE GRAND CIRCUIT
FORT WAYNE. Ind., Aug. 10.— Summaries of
to-day's grand circuit races:
1:18 trot, purse $1500— Gayton won third.
fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:10<4. 2:12V t .
2l'' t . Battleton won first and second heats.
Time 2:1114, 2:09\. Hesperus third. Iris O.
Mero. Campania Girl. Bella Bells, Viola and
Oakley also started.
Three-year-old race, pur«e Siono— Airship won
in straight heats. Tlrr.e, 2:13%, 2:14 V 2:l*V 2 .
Baker H second. Darnette third. Tommy V
also started.
2 4 pace purse $2000— Lady of the Manor ■won
in straight heats. Time. C.I2V 2:07* t , 2:08%.
Split Silk second. Hal Patchen third. The
Swift and Donogh also started.
Two-year-old trot, the Horse Review stakes,
purse J7C-00— Crystalline won Becond and third
Time, Z.'ISVi, 2:-3. Ima Electrite Bec
ond. Qracla Onward third. Rita E distanced
in third heat, won first h*-at in 2:23>4. The
Maine, Kellar, Simrock, Red Arthur, Mlran
Logan and Miss Conley also started.
Belle Isle Stakes for Triune.
DETROIT, Mich.. Aug. 10.— First race, six
furli ngs— Brulare won, Tampa second, Tokio
third. Time, 1:16%.
fcecond race, five furlongs— J. E. Cllnes won.
Record second. Sir Casim'ir third. Time, I:O3Mi.
Third rare, six furlongs — Alice Farley won,
Haltnn second. What Next third. Time. 1:14%.
Fourth race. Belle Isle stakes, $1000, five fur
i 1 ings-— Triune won, Hanlight second, Lizzie
i Kelly third. Time. 1:08%.
Firth race, selling, six furlones— Flying Bess
■ won. Eggler second, Slssle Chance third. Time,
i 1:15.
Sixth race. steeplecha?e, short course — Rose
berry won. Little Bramble second. Lady Maud
third. Time, 3:45.
BEAN-EATERS MAKE
IT THREE STRAIGHT
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDIXO.
Club=— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..65 35 .660; Plttsburg ...B0 44 .532
Boston 61 35 .635 1 Philadelphia 43 49 .473
Cleveland ...59 35 .628 ' Brooklyn ...M 56 .391
Baltimore ...52 38 . 57% , Louisville ...37 61 .378
New Y0rk. ..52 42 .563 Washington 32 00 .348
Chicago 54 44 .r.f.l Pt. Louis 28 70 .286
CINCINNATI, Aug. 20.— The Reds lost
j both games to the Champions to-dn v.
Two misjudged files by Steinfeld lost me
first one. The second was a hard one to
lose. With a man out in the eighth Mc-
Phee and Corcoran made three errors on
easy plays. This was followed by two
eingles and a triple, winning the game.
Attendance 6000. Score, first game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 10 1
Boston 7 11 6
Batteries— Hill and Peita; Lewis and Bergen.
Umpires — Gaffney and Brown.
Score-, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 10 4
Boston 6 9 4
Batteries— Dwyf-r and Peltz; Willis. Nichols
and Bergen. Umpires— GafTney and Brown.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Both Chicago-
Brooklyn games postponed on account of j
rain.
Winners at Chess.
COLOGNE, Aug. 10.— In the morning
Rpssion of the ninth round of the interna
tional chess tournament Berger defeated
Henrichsen. After recess Burn, Charou
sek, Cohen, Tschigorin and Showalter
won from GottscaU, Poplel, Janowski,
Fritz and Schlffers, respectively. Schal
lop and Steinitz and Schlechter and Al
bin drew.
Receiver for the Browns.
ST. ' LOUIS, Aug. 10.— Judge Wood of
the Circuit Court to-day appointed Presi
dent B.S. Muckenfuss receiver of the St.
Louis Browns, on application of the hold
ers of the first mortgage bonds. His bond
was fixed at $20,000.
- '-■„■,.. ~ -' . . : ', ' ' < \ ' '
— ■■' ■ ♦ . * ■■
Senator Teller of Colorado writes
about the dangers of the new trade
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
THE SA^" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
AN ENOCH ARDEN
OF THE KLONDIKE
Romantic Tale of Sum
Dum Bay.
WILLIAM GEYES' LOST LOVE
RETURNS RICH TO FIND HIS
WIFE FAITHLESS.
Carries With Him a Sack of Gold,
but Finds Another Man in
Possession of His
Cabin.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JI'XEAU, Alaska, Aug. I.— Woman's
•weakness and the Klondike have turned
out another Enoch Arden in Alaska. The
| coast of Sum Dura Bay, fifty miles south
| of Juneau, where thr boats are drawn
up on the beach, and where, too, lay an
chors with flukes "rusty red." and where
i children play as in the sand where Annie
j and Enoch and Philip played at man and
; wife, is the scene of this infelicity. Sum
i Dum 'has two mills grinding tjold out of
i ore day and night. They are at the Sum
Dum Chief and the Bald Eagle mines.
Two years ago Williams Geyes built and
furnished a cottage, settled his young
wife within, and set out for the Yukon
Basin to find a quicker fortune than he
rouid make as foreman in a mine's tun
nel. William promised to return in v
year. A year passed, and then six months
as with Enoch's wife, before the waiting
bride in the cottage gave up looking hope
fully for William down the Dattt that led
from the house to the sea. Then, heeding
the importunities of a stalwart boss of a
pit gang she. being in need of the nimble
sixpence, took him into her home as a
solitary boarder. Thus eventually Wil
liam's castle became one of "dissolving
sand."
William returned from the Alaskan
wilds last week, filled with fond antici
pations of a cozy home, a waiting wife
who would cling to his shoulders on the
threshold and pull him down to ki^s her
upturned face. He had a buckskin pack
bulging with gold and heavy with the
fortune he had made, for he had been
In with the early rush and located on a
pup hanging to the main valley of El
Dorado. He did not stop at the inn
near the beach, nor make inquiries about
the Annie ho had left two years before,
but walked straight up the road which
skirts the mountain toward the cottage.
It was evening and a light shone in the
window. There was no protecting shadow
of a yew tree and no secret peeping
through the window for him. He walked
boldly up to the door and knocked, and
Btepped in.
This Philip Ray and his Annie were
happily at supper. She was bending: over
him. pouring out his tea. Though this
Philip Ray was far from being stirred
by the loyal, fatherly sentiments of Ten
nyson's noble Philip, his devotion being
of the grosser sort, not solemnized either
by the church or the law, it needed no
second glance from Geyes to under
stand the light In his wife's eyes as
she quickly turned from the table to the
door.
Where he lodged that night Is not
known in Sum Dum. It was probably out
under the favoring cedars in his blank
ets, with a heavy heart and abject lone
liness and his bag of gold that he had
won for her as bedfellows. He certainly
did not stop In the cottage, but Philip
did.
Next morning when the Sealion. the
small steamer for Juneau, was sighted,
Geyes and his wife were seen walking
down the road to the beach together.
They stood aside from the crowd as the
boat came in. He was overheard to say
to her:
"You have made your choice; now
stay with it. I hope you will do as well
as I."
Carrying his load of gold and the heav
ier burden of a faithless wife, he went
aboard. She walked slowly back up the
road, twice turning her head. When s. it
reached the bridge she faced about, stood
with hand shading her eyes, gazing at the
receding steamer for a time, then she
whirled about with a swish of her skirts
and walked without hesitation bark to
the home her husband built and left to
shelter another.
Geyes is now in Juneau. Since things
have turned out so he hardly knows
what to do with his money, some $10,000.
HAL HOFFMAN.
CUP DEFENDER TO BE
BUILT BY AMERICANS
Three Young Yachtsmen Will Form
a Syndicate for the Purpose
in Case of a Match.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— It is reported
at Newport, R. 1., that Herman B.
Duryea, Harry P. Whitney and Edwin
D. Morgan, as a Byndirate. are to build
a cup defender if the America cupmatch
is made, though they are thoroughly
non-committal in regard to the matter.
Captain "Nat" Herreshoff was there to
see them last evening, when he and
Mr. Duryea had a long conference.
Mr. Duryea seems to be the head of
this syndicate, if, indeed, it is a fact.
He is one of the most capable American
yachtsmen and has sailed European
as well as American waters.
TOOK A SHOT AT A DOCTOR.
Mrs. W. H. Pool of Santa Rosa
Makes a Sensation.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 10.— The office of
Dr. S. M. Rohr, a prominent physician
of this city, was to-day invaded by Mrs.
W. H. Pool, wife of ex-Deputy County
Recorder Pool, who, after chatting quiet
ly a few moments, suddenly drew a re
volver from the folds of her gown and
fired point blank at the doctor, but miss
ed him. As the doctor's office Is situated
in a prominent part of the city considera
ble excitement resulted for a short time.
The announcement appearing in this
morning's Press-Democrat that the doc
tor was to be married to-night was at
first supposed to have had something to
do with the affair, but subsequent inves
tigation shows that the lady had been
in a highly nervous condition for sev
eral days, and that the affair was sim
ply a result of a severe mental strain.
No arrests have been made.
FIRE AT SUSANVILLE.
Masonic Temple Destroyed by the
Falling of a Chandelier.
SUSANVILLE, Aug. 10.— About 9:45 last
evening a chandelier in the banquet room
of Masonic Temple, sustaining five oil
lamps, fell, scattering the oil over the
tables and setting the floor In flame.-,. The
Janitor was without assistance or facili
ties for extinguishing the fire, but all that
could be done under the circumstances
was done, and resulted in the conilning
of thf: fire within the wails of the Ma
sonic Temnle. The walls of the burned
building stand Intact. The insurance on
the structure is $16,000 and loss about the
same. The mail matter in the Postofflce
was saved. Charles Hampton had his
right arm broken- above the wrist, both
bones being fractured, while lighting the
fire.
GALA DAY AT HARRISBURG.
Laying of the Cornerstone of Penn
sylvania's New Capitol.
HARRTSBURG. Pa_, Aug. 10.— The lay
ing of the cornerstone of the new Capi
tol took place at noon to-day, in the
Eresence of a large gathering. The GranrJ
,odge of Masons of Pennsylvania was in
charge and some of the most distin
guished men of the State were present.
The original appropriation for the build
ing was 1550,000, but it is estimated that
It will cost between $4,000,000 and 15.000,000
before it is completed.
MORAN'S FLEET
ST ST, MICHAEL
Ten of the Twelve Boats
Arrive Safely.
MISHAPS TO THE OTHER TWO
PASSENGER BLOCKADE WILL
NOW BE BROKEN.
Gold-Seekers on the Progreso Not
Allowed to Land — Unable to
Pay Their Way Up
the River.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Aug. 10.— The freight
steamer Conemaugh reached port this
evening from St. Michael, havinf sailed
from there July 30. She brings the
gratifying news that the passenger
blockade on the island near the mouth
of the Yukon is soon to be broken.
This is by reason of the arrival of
Moran's fleet of river boats at St.
Michael on July 2£.
Ten of the twelve boats reached that
port in safety, accompanied by the tug
Resolute and the steam schooner South
Portland. The Western Star lies on a
reef near the mainland, opposite Ka
diak Island. The Pilgrim is in False
Pass, where she will be repaired.
Immediately upon the arrival of the
ten steamers they were put on the
beach for a thorough overhauling.
After their long ocean voyage they ar
rived in a much better condition than
could be hoped for in view of the re
peated disasters reported concerning
them.
The trouble on the steamer Progreso
still continues at St. Michael, accord
ing to the report brought down by the
Conemaugh. Captain Gilboy had suc
ceeded in getting some of the passeng
ers ashore, only to have them sent back
by the military authorities. But few
of the passengers had sufficient money
to pay their passage up the river. The
steamer will likely soon return to Seat
tle.
The steamers Laurada and Brixham
were still unloading. The latter is said
to be short of food. The Seattle No. 1
had departed up the river July 27, with
a big load. The Merwin had also gone
up the Yukon. No steamer had arrived
from Dawson for several days. Captain
Riekmers of the Conemaugh states that
the Leelanaw sailed about July 26 for
San Francisco. About the same time
the Noyo left for Seattle. The tug
Resolute, South Portland and Grace
Dollar were all ready and expected to
leave August 1. The latter steamer had
returned from a successful trip to
Kotzebue Sound and has considerable
mail on board. Captain Edgett of New
York, who went in command o/ the
Grace Dollar, Is not expected to survive
the trip, as soon after leaving Puget
Sound he was stricken down with
Bright's disease. Captain Aray. the
pilot, is In command of the steamer.
ITALY AND COLOMBIA
ADJUST THEIR DISPUTE
President Caro Authorized by Con
gress to Settle the Claim
Against the Republic.
COLON, Colombia, Aug. 10.— Advices re
ceived from Cartagena to-iay say that
the Italian Consul there, who has just re
turned from Bogota, reports that the Co
lombia Congress has authorized Pres.
dent Caro to settle the Cerrutl claim. The
necessary vote was accordingly added to
the budget, which was passed with the
best grafc. The matter is, therefore, prac
tically SPttlfO". only the manner and de
tails of payment remaining' to d«? fixed.
HUNDREDS OF LIVES LOST.
Violent Storms and Floods on the
Island of Formosa.
YOKOHAMA. Aug. 10.— Violent storms
and floods, it is announcer] in advices just
received here from the islands of For
mosa, have resulted in the loss of hun
dreds of lives at Taipen, that island.
Great damage was done to property
there.
No Texas Fever in Tulare County.
HANFORD. Aug. 10.— Reports of Texas
fever in this county are greatly exagger
ated. Twenty-eight cattle of a h>. j rd
quarantined were examined, and only one
was found with tick, all the others being
well and hearty. The hf-rd has been
withdrawn from the market, and the
owner says he will keep and fatten them.
Dr. Price of San Francisco is here. He has
examined several herds, and found one
cow with aulterax.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ENGINEER CURED 1
Another of the Remarkable Victories of
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
_-^CT>. ! SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 10. 1898. f
_^SfcjSij> Jm^ PR. BANDEN— Dear Sir: I am willing to
«^ST^ iDt J rrH fflllrgh testify to the gram! results I have received
.^dSr- Mlwwt from following your advice and the use of your
' JS§& £.«v3l\ "Dr. Sanden Electric Belt." I am an engineer
jSyJT CNbHuh on the Southern Pacific Railroad and have been
&rj&~**m *m._. >tfJlV*i Buffering greatly for th« l.iat three or lour
«£l *553 V v>55S '/wJujll years with lumbago, dizziness, faint and blind
« rajr iTOKJlfii spells, and a general" broken-down feeling,
1 "7 .*? • /^Jt7*\J* which made it almost impossible for me to
Jk /VfcWv W?i'?/m make my run, which is one of the longest on
ink 'I X. nff&^sB the road. I was advised to try one of your
J**u "■'ffr* ■ Jf'S/'jdSfr ■ Belts, and did so. purchasing the one you rec-
' 3|SjL **"' ommended. It has completely cured me of all
tft»n» -*^fa i T mv troubles after two months' use, and I can
TTrAiff ' >Ti£i''«A J. n '' v- make my run w';h the greatest ease. I
r-r^^-- nSaV 1 " I'Jg&Vh-^r1 ' Jg&Vh-^r? 5 have never had a pain or a bad feeling after
f^^^y^lP^-^L. J&'Z&'Ji!s?is, flve days' use of the B<Mt. and I have more life
/^asaßKcSHtaatflßlM^^^-xß'^ In m p now than I have had for years. On
J&w&'Js&i'M jP&sy;s<c?ffy4'//' meeting my friends they always congratulate
gffgPz^^jMfi'iK >sy!*fi''''C?™i t *si''ss me on looking so well. I always !>> -1 better
Vlm^Zffl'/' riy^-jZs'^'' '''■*< and livelier than, those around me. I will al-
M'lU'^^^'''-y / /K%^r •'%/&£ ways advise my friends who are suffering as
t< ' l -->W5 '-■■ ' •-■ ' ■ jC ' I was to trj' your Belt, for I can lay my res-
toration to health to nothing else than your Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. With kindest
regards, I am yours very, truly, J. J. ROCKWELL, 2122 Howard street.
tit Is Nature's Own Remedy.
This wonderful Belt rills the nerves and organs with electricity
every night while you sleep. When you awake In the morning you are
refreshed, wideawake and full of the joy of living, for your nerves are
charged with the vim, the snap and "go" of life! Weakness vanishes, the
drains and nervous spells cease, and you soon recover all the vigor of a
strong man.
Read the Book, "Three Classes of Men."
It is free, sealed, by mail. It is full of these grateful letters. Send or
call for it. Free test of the Belt at' the office. Call or direct
DR. A. T. SANDEN, NOT ,N, N DRUG STORESi
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Frtneiwj. •
Office hours, Ba.m.toB p. m. Sundays, 10 . , Dr. Banden's Electric Belt
to 1 Branches at Los -Angeles. Cat.. - 20«H '' ' 8 never sold In drug stores
South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washing^ " nor by traveling agents;. only
ton street; Denver. Colo., &31 Sixteenth street: ? at our office.
Dallas. Tex., 285 Main. street. ; ; * -— •*
ESTATE LEFT BY
PRINCE BISMARCK
Consists Principally of
Land.
VALUE HAS BEEN OVERRATED
probably less than twenty
million marks.
Statement That the Ex-Chancellor
Was Buried at Friedrichsruhe
. . to Spite the Kaiser Is
False.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
H^raM. Copyrighted. 18SS. by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAMBURG, Aug. 10.— Bismarck is re
ported to have left £2,000,000, part of
which is depostted In the Bank of Eng-
I land. As a matter of fact Bismarck
was about the last man in the world to
place money in foreign keeping, and
this statement I am able to vouch for
from personal knowledge. That the
Bank of England has a single shilling
of his money in its vaults is pure inven
tion; also the value of Bismarck's prop-
J erty is ridiculously overrated. It will
! be found to represent considerably less
I than 20,000,000 marks, consisting prin
cipally of landed estates which bring
very small return on the capital value
at which they are estimated. For one
in his position Bismarck died a poor
man.
With regard to the statement that
the family insisted upon burying Bis
| marck at Friedrichsruhe in order to
; spite the Emperor, there is not a word
of truth in it. The facts in a nutshell
are these: Whereas, the Gladstone
family disregarded the wishes of the
Grand Old Man, who desired to be bur
ied at Hawarden, Prince Herbert held
those of his father as sacred, insisting
on carrying out his wish, which was
that he be buried at Friedrichsruhe on
a hill opposite the Schloss.
A surreptitious attempt was made
last Monday night to photograph Bis
marck on his deathbed by two photog
raphers with the connivance of a for
ester in the employ of the Bismarck
family, but the plates have since been
seized and confiscated.
ADMIRAL KIRKLAND
PASSE* A GOOD DAY
Physicians Agree That His Condition
Is Improved and His Chances
for Recovery Excellent.
VALL.EJO, Aug. 10.— Admiral Kirkland
is reported to-night as having passed a
very good day, no symptoms of fever or
oth^r complications setting in. He is at
tended by a trained nurse, who was sum
moned from San Francisco by Dr. Taylor
yesterday, and Dr. J. R. Waggener, sur
geon of "the yard, is in constant attend
ance. The greatest trouble the patient
has experienced to-day was from the ef
fect of the ether administered to him
when the operation was performed yes
terday. He was inclined to be weak this
morning, but rallied at noon, and is re
ported'as resting easy at this hour— 7
o"clock. The physicians agree that the
admiral's condition is improved, and the
chances of recovery are excellent unless
peritonitis sets in. Every precaution will
be taken to prevent this.
Interests the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— D. W. Nut
ting was to-day appointed postmaster at
Yolo, Yolo County, California, vice John
D. Reid, removed.
Pensions f>>r California— Original: James
Garland of San Francisco. $12; additional,
Oren D. Storrs of Auburn, $6 to $12; re
storation and reissue. Samuel A. Wear,
dead, of Grass Valley. $12. Original
widows, etc.: w« ar of Grass Valley, $8;
Mexican War survivors, increase, Francis
Ragis Janis of Oakland, $8 to $12.
Washington— lncrease, Alvln H. Brown
of New Aukum, $12 to $16.
Died From the Effects of a Fall.
SUISUN. Cal., Aug. 10.— From the ef
fect* of a fall last evening N. W. Wilcox.
one of the partners of Tolenas Springs,
near Suisun, died this afternoon. De
ceased was 40 years of age and a native
of Sacramento.
San Jose Resident Badly Injured.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 10.— This afternoon
P. S. Broobanks of San Jose was thrown
from a wagon at Laguna Creek. He sus
tained fractures of the ribs and was in
jured so badly that the chances for his re
covery axe slight.
Korea to Adopt Gold Standard.
YOKOHAMA, Aug. 10.— Advices re
ceived here from Seoul says Korea in
tends to adopt the gold standard.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Above
Statement Means
that we have absolutely everything in clothes
for the grown man and the growing, coming
man. The largest possible assortment — the
'best possible goods — made with particular
reference to wear and offered in the firm
belief that nowhere else can you get such
low prices coupled with such positive values.
This week our efforts are concentrated upon
several lines of exclusively boys' clothing. As
good values as we have ever offered.
Double=Breasted
Reefers.
As this is school buying time, our
first offer is of a line of double-breasted
reefer school suits. Large sailor collars
and soutache silk braid with the smaller
sizes and plain collars with the larger
sizes. Quiet, neat suits these, and will
prove good wearers. Sizes 4to 8 years
and Bto 15 years. Selected from lines
that have been selling at $3-50, $4.00
■ and $500, and offered spe- fl»rt Qr
| cially this week at U&lJu
We are matching this particularly
good offer with something unprece-
dented in knee pants. We have made
up a line from remnants in our tailoring
department, and are offering what would
be regular values at $1.00 Or pl^
and $2.00 per pair for UJ UIU
In cheviots, cassimeres, worsteds and
piques.
S.N.WOOO&CO.,
718 Market Street, S. F.
Emma : Carrie, I thfnk Elsie mates such a mistake to be taking
tonics all the time. My experience is that a tonic is
only good after I have had a regular house cleaning,
and after that I don't seem to need any tonic. It is
remarkable how well Ripans Tabules suit my case. I
don't take one once & week, but whenever I do they
do the business.
Carrie : The tabules contain nux, and that is a tonic.
Emma : 1 don't care what they contain, they are just wonderful.
oooooodooooooooooo
I th * PALACE «'S
* GRAND hotels
_ SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered pan»asaway.
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. 9
O . All Under One Management. O
©.:.»:* KOIK THE PRIOSS: O
«. European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward _
W American Plan 8.00 per day and upward "
Q • - Gorreapondenoa Solicited.- •*-• Q
o JOHN 0. EIEKFATaiOE. Uaasger Q
IGQQQQQQ1 GQQQQQQ Q Q 0 0 Q 0 S fi Q SLQ
Middy Suits.
Gray clay worsted suits trimmed with
silk soutache braid and with large anchor
buttons. The same suit you have been
! paying $6,50 for. This w.eek 05 IT
only d*rilu
Sizes 3 to 8 years.
Blue storm serge suits, trimmed with
silk soutache braid. A regular Qil |C
! value at $6.50. This week only OH"l ' 3
Sizes 3 to 8 years.
Blue serge 1 cheviot suits, same trim-
j ming as suits above. One of our regu-
lar $6.50 suits. This week Q/j IP
only 54110
Sizes 3 to 8 years.
Storm serge suits in chocolate brown
I and the new shade of brown. Have
j been reduced from the regu- tf*Q QC
lar price of $5.75 t0. . . . . . OJIUJ
We wind up the list with a stunner:
Blue cheviot suit, large inlaid red collar,
white silk soutache braid, large pearl
buttons. Reduced from s4.7s (>f\ Qr
to.. OZIOJ
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO SOT I>ESPAIIC ! Dp nut Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst case* of Xervoa* Debility are
absolutely cured by P.EJS ECTO
TA BLf!TS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, (ailing memory and the waste
and drain or vital powers. Incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impurt vigiii- and potenjy to every func-
tion. Braco up the system. Give «*ya*. bloom to tne
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of^^TXyount; or old.
One box renews vital energy.F*l»i6 boxes at
S2.soaconip!etei;uiu-a.ntt>edciir»V37jry or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vent pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on -receipt o£
pcica by THE PEirFEcro CO., Caxton Eld ., Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., San Fran, ana Oakland.
34
"OLD KAINTUCK"
SURPRISES THEM
Kimble the Two - Mile
Champion.
INDIANAPOLIS WHEEL RACES
ANNUAL GATHERING OF THE
LEAGUE.
One of the Features of the^ Day's
Events a Bace Between a Tan
dem, Three Triplets and'
Three Quads.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
. INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 10.— The attend
ance at the '98 L. A. W. meet is not large,
but those here are enjoying themselves.
Up to 6 o'clock this evening 2612 league
"men had registered at headquarters.
* To-night a minstrel show was given at
English's Opera-house for the wheelmen
and their ladies, and an all-night smoker,
with vaudeville programme, is on at the
park. The Pioneers' banquet occurred at
the Grand Hotel to-night.
Broken records, two in number, and
surprises in every contest marked the
races of the first day of the. national
meet. The circuit men held their own,
but met defeat in the championship con
test at the hands of a man who has con
tinually been among the "also rans" on
the circuit, and who had piled up only
eight points in a season's work in the
championship.
Owen Kimble ("Old Kaintuck") proved
the two-mile champion of America, and
his win of the great contest was of the
cleanest order, and Just beyond the slight
est shade of a doubt.
The two-mile championship and half
mile championship for amateurs both
went to George H. Collett of New Haven,
• who proved the apdoubted king in the
amateur class. Kracmcr of Newark and
Hausman, the tandem mate of Collett, and
Joe Rodgers, the Philadelphlan, carried
aw.ty the honors, no Western amateur
being able apparently to hold his own
against them.
But the contest In the two-mile na
tional championship and the world's re
cord were overshadowed in interest by
the multiple handicap, in which a tan
dem team, thrt^ triplet teams and three
quad teams competed. Becker, Mortons,
Martin and Nat Butler, the scratch team,
won. They started up to the front in
the long line, which formed early in the
contest, and the Johnson record-holding
•triplet team, record 1:41, gave it a good
race. The finish was hair-raising, but
not close, the interest and the excitement
occurring as the teams shifted around for
position while going at world-record gait.
The Johnson, Monroe and Fernwalt triple
team gained second and the Major Taylor
triplet team gained third. The time—
3:25 3-s— broke the record of 3:52 and extra
prize money was awarded to the win
ning team.
Another record for the track was nar
rowly missed in the morning, when Major
.Taylor made a wonderful ride to victory
in the mile handicap, in 2:0)1-5, the mark
of Sims being missed by but one-fifth of '
.a second.
.One-half mile, national championship, ama
teur, first seml-flnaJ — George H. Collett, New-
Haven, first; C. R. Pease, Indianapolis, sec
ond. Time, 1:17.
Second race, semi-final— Joe Rodgers, Phila
delphia, first,; E. C. Hausman, New Haven,
second; G. L. Kraemer, Newark, third, 'lime,
1:17.
Final heat— G. H. Collett first, G. L. Krao
mer second, Joe Rodpers third.
One mile handicap, professional — J E Walsh
Boston (110 yards), first: Sam Murbarger, In
dianapolis 025 yards), second; Major Taylor,
scratch, third; E. C. Bald, scratch, fourth;
Grlando Stevens (20 yards), fifth. Time, 2:06 3-3.
Two-mile national championship, first semi
final—Major Taylor first, Tom Cooper second
F. A. McFarland third. Time, 4:34.
Second semi-final— A. C. Mertens, St. Paul,
first; Owen Kimble, Louisville, second- Bald
third. Time, 4:33 3-5.
Final heat— Kimble first, Major Taylor sec
ond, Bald third, Oooper fourth, Mertens fifth.
Time. 4:05. (World's record by S seconds.)
Semi-finals, two-mile amateur national cham
pionship, first semi-final- E. (", Hausman Xew
Haven, first: K. S. Robblns. Hlddletowa O
second: J. P. Rodgers, Philadelphia, third
Time, 4:3f..
Second semi-final— G. H. Cnllett, Xew Haven,
first; Lee Heller, Fort Wayne, second. Time,
4:4* 1-5.
Final two-mile amateur national champion
ship—G. H. Collett, New Haven, first; E. C.
Hausman, New Haven, second; J. P. Rodgers
Philadelphia, third. Time, 4 2S
Multiple handicap, professional— Becker Mar
tin, Mertens and Nat Butler (scratch) first;
Fernwalt. Ifonro* and Johnson (75 yards) sec
ond; Taylor, Eaton and Bowler (25 yards),
third; Phillips. Newkirk. Vannest and Oldfield
(10 yards), fourth. Time, 3:25 3-5, world's com
petition re>
Five-mile Interstate pursuit race— Earl W
Peabody first, B. • C. Pfeffer, Indianapolis, sec
ond. Time, 12:15 1-15
POPE LEO CONTRACTS
AN INTERNAL CHILL
Rumors Current That the Pontiff Is
Suffering From Extreme
Physical Weakness.
ROME. Aug. 10.— Owing to a sudden
fall in the temperature the Pope has
.contracted an Internal chill. On the
advice of his physician. Dr. Lapponi,
who recommended rest, his Holiness
has suspended all audiences.
The Osbservatore Romano declares
that there is no cause for anxiety, but
rumors are current that the Pope 13
si'flering from extreme physical weak
ness and that all business is practically
left to Cardinal Rampolla, the Papal
Secretary of State.
REPORTED DON CARLOS
WILL ENTER SPAIN
BRT*SBELB. Aug. 10.— An exceedingly
doubtful story Is published by the Soir in
this city in a dispatch from Barcelona,
which says that at a recent meeting of
the Carllst leaders it was decided to im
mediately take action and that orders
•were issued for the Carlists to assemble.
• It is further saJd to be reported that
Don Carlos personally enters Spain on
Monday or Tuesday next, and that in the
meanwhile 180,000 rifles and quantities of
ammunition will have reached the Carl-
Nts.
SPANISH PRISONERS
SAIL FROM SANTIAGO
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 10.-The
Spanish hospital ship Alicante sailed for
Spain to-day with 1000 sick Spanish bol
dlers on board.
The Spanish steamer Isla de Luzon ar
rived here this morning and will take 2136
Spanish soldiers. She has bed capacity
for ISO sick.
The St. Louis sails north to-day with
the Ninth and Tenth Infantry. The St.
Paul Is expected to be the next transport
to leave with American troops.
Several Fresno Buildings Burned.
FRESNO. Aug. 10. — Shortly before
11 o'clock to-night a fire broke out In
the rear of the Fresno beer hall, cor
ner of J and Tulare streets. The de
partment was slow in responding and
before It arrived on the scene the tire
had spread to the adjoining buildings,
which were occupied by G. A. Baron's
oorni c works and J. G. Anderson's
real estate office. The buildings were
small frame structures. A residence
nt-xt to Anderson's office and belonging
to the Ferguson estate was badly dam
aged. The total loss amounts to about
J.'.oOii with small insurance. The orig
in of the lire is not known.
Influences of the war on politics
cliscuFsed by prominent people in
n»>:t Sunday's Call.
BIG WINNERS
AT BUTTE MEET
California Horses Make
a Fine Showing.
MORGAN THE LEADING RIDER
WILLIE MARTIN TAKES TOD
SLOAN'S GOOD JOB.
Tommy Burns May Sign a Belmont
Contract— Turf Tittle-Tattle
From Near and
Far.
Marcus Daly, as usual, heads the list
of winning owners at the Butte (Mont.)
meeting, with $5005. Then come two
' other Montana turfmen, W. D. Randall
i and H. L. Frank, with $4480 and $4410. H.
: Byrnes & Co., who had a lot of Rancho
: del Paso horses under lease, arc well up,
i with $3245; the late B. C. Holly's Califor
! nia horses won $3035; E. F. ("Daggie")
Smith's California flyers, $2570; Sunset
stable, $2255; F. T. Wood, $2135; Farrur &
Tuberville of California, $1035; T. Garnet
Ferguson, $1720; Pueblo stable, $1700; J.
i R. Thomas, $14G5; J. C. Twohy, $1403; J.
W. Mott. $12G0; H. F. Edwards & Co.
; of San Francisco, $1245; E. F. Fredrick
1 son of San Francisco, $1130; W. L. Stan
i field, $10S5; Mrs. Carrie Reed, $1075; T. E.
Latta, $1000, and Stricklin & Howell, $1055.
! These are the only owners whose strings
I captured over $1000.
The little German horseman, C. P. Fink,
' sold Newsgatherer to James Curl the
; other day at Hawthorne for $10u0. Since
! the sale the brother to Reporter has won
i a good rare at a mile. The first time the
j gelding won here last winter he was at CO
; to 1 In the betting.
It seems the excitable old individual,
• Conlon, who had a young man arrested
1 in Sausalito last Monday for stealing $I^o
i from him, was very much in error. The
magistrate before whom ne laid his trou
j bles found the cash safeiy tucked away
j in an inside pocket of the complainant,
i and apologies to the arrested one were in
i order, and an offer to make matters
right.
Pierre Lorillard talks of selling out his
entire racing stable in England and re
turning to America next season, notwith
■ standing me Lorillard-Beresford stable
:is a heavy winner this season. The mil
i lionaire's health is much improved. Be
! sides, Trainer John Huggins wants to
i come back to this country at the end of
the year.
Dolore, a very ordinary selling plater
I in California, broke the Butte track rec-
I ord when she went a mile and a sixteenth
! in 1:48^2 last Saturday.
Evidently Marcus Da-ly remembers well
the result of the duels between Miss
Woodford and Freeland, The Bard and
Troubadour and Domino and Henry of
j Navarre, for ho recently said to the rep
resentatlve of the New fork Tribune,
! after the owners of Ornament had tried
!to drive him into matching Hamburg
' against the four-year-old crack:
"I do not believe in matches, although 1
< : did race Tammany against Lamplighter.
1 believe in racing for the prizes offered
by the clubs and abiding by the results
of the contests. However. I will not
stand in the way of anything that will
JUncrease the public interest in racing. I
jjleave my horseu to my trainer's judg
ment, and never interfere with his man
agement."
Tommy Burns, king of the lightweights
around Chicago since Clawson left, will
ride for Mr. Belmont in the Futurity, and
may be employed by the jockey club's
president the balance of this season and
all of next.
There is talk of the formation of a
horsemen's protective association at Chi
cago — in fact, a petition is In circulation
among the owners. This petition declares
that men have charge of racing affairs
there not interested in a single race horse
and merely owning the tracks. They also
declare that these men are degrading the
sport of kings. The racing men also de
sire a voice in the selection of starters
and assistant starters, judges and
stewards. It is to be hoped the as
sociation in course of formation around
the Windy City will accomplish more
than the one organized here last winter.
Willie Martin, by many pood Judges
pronounced the best horse pilot in this or
any other country, but not as jealous of
his reputation for always trying to win
as a Fnrdham or an Isaac Murphy, signed
a contract the other day in Saratoga to
ride for the Messrs. Fleischmann during
the season of 1W)&, according to the Cin
cinnati Enquirer. It is this firm that only
last week released Tod Sloan. Martin will
receive a salary of not less than $15,000
per annum. Tod got $17,500. it is alleged.
That Martin should ever leave Pat Dunne
will amaze those who know the clever
pigskin knight well, for only last winter
he declared he would remain with Durfne
as long as the latter wanted him.
Morgan, the great "lino In the ranks
of the jockeys at Butte. Mont., heads the
list of riders at the meeting there, with
twenty-one wins to his credit. Joe Plg
gott comes second with seventeen brack
ets- Al Shaw third with fifteen. Then
follow Duffy with fourteen. Powell
eleven, Beauchamp, Wilson and Mike
Hennessy ten, Holmes nine. Tommy But
ler eight, Ed Ames seven and Bullivan
six Powell has shown wonderful im
provement since he left here last spring.
At that time he was not considered even
"a fair boy."
DEWEY MOVED BY THE
THANKS OF CONGRESS
Expresses His (Jratitude to Living
ston of Georgia, Who Intro
duced the Resolutions.
ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 10.—Congress
man Livingston of Georgia has re
ceived this letter from Admiral Dewey:
FLAGSHIP OLYMPIA, Off Cavite,
Philippine Islands, Juno 17.— My Dear Sir:
I have just learned from the last papers
that I am indebted to you for the Intro
duction in \he House of Representatives
of the resolutions extending to me the
thanks of Congress for the naval en
gagement of Manila Bay May 1.
I need hardly tell you that I am most
sincerely grateful to you as the author
of that resolution— bringing, as it does
the highest honor that can come to an
American naval officer in his professional
career— but it is also a great pleasure to
acknowledge my debt of gratitude and to
t..ank you in unstinted measure for the
part you took in obtaining for me that
greatest distinction.
It is a source of additional pleasure to
me, a Vermonter, that the braver of the
resolution was not a man from the North.
but one from the far South. This is one
of the good signs of the times. In the
hour of danger there is no South, no
North, but one united country. May we
never hear of sectionalism again. There
are no lines drawn in the navy. I need
not say it may interest you to know that
my flag lieutenant. Lieutenant Brumby,
is a Georgian by birth and appointment.
Again thanking- you most cordially, I
remain very gratefully and sincerely,
GEORGE DEWEY.
To the Hon. L. F, Livingston, House
of Representatives.
Napa's Democratic State Delegates.
NAPA. Aug. 10.— The Napa County
Democratic convention met to-day and
elected delegates to the State convention,
as follows; Delegates at large— J. E.
Walden, with E. A. Rety as alternate;
T. A. Bell, with George Rammer* as al
ternate; Henry Hogan, with C. R. 'Arm
strong as alternate. Delegates from Su
pervisors' districts — H. J. Chirm, Hot
Springs; "Yount, Senator Larue; Knox,
W. G. Raney. alternate A. G. Raney;
East Napa. Walter Watson, alternate R.
C. Cuff; West Napa, A. D. Butler, alter
nate E. D. Norriß.
Curzon Accepts Indian Viceroyalty.
LONDON, Aug. 10.— Mr. Balfour to-day
announced Mr. Curzon's acceptance of
the Viceroyalty of India, in succession to
the Earl of Elgin.
Advances made on furniture and planoa, with
or without removal. J. Noon&n, 1017-1028 Mission.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
FOOTPAD METHODS
WIN THE DAY FOR
"JIM" REA'S GANG
Santa Clara County Primaries
Only a Farce With the
"Boss" as Manager.
Election Judges Detected Shamefully Stuffing
Ballot Boxes While Police Drive
Honest Men Away.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 10.— It Is almost cer
tain that "Jim" Rea and the boodle
gang carried the primaries to-day. The
election was one of the liveliest in the
history of the city. The Rea gang
turned out in force and defeated the
Good Government Club people and the
Independent Republicans.
Never before was such dirty politics
de-no in the Garden City. As predicted
in The Call a few days ago ballot box
stuffing, illegal voting and wholesale
voting of Democrats were the means
employed by "Boss" Rea and the Mac
kenzies to carry the (lay. Election of
ficers had been coached in crooked
methods and when the polls opened this
morning they were skilled in their
sleight-of-hand work. Evidences of
ballot box stuffing and all kinds of
fraud are plentiful in four wards of the
city and adjoining suburbs.
In these precincts the Rea gangsters
worked like Trojans and with the de
termination to capture the delegations
by any means. Aiding them were gang
office-holders and their deputies, and
back of these forces was the riff-raff of
the Democratic party. The police force,
under the direction of Chief Kidward,
worked openly at the polls, as did the
Fire Department, and this in the face
of the fact that the city charter dis
tinctly says: _.
"No member of the Police or Fire
Department shall interfere with poli
tics on an election day, or at any other
time, other than to cast his vote."
Teachers in the city schools also
rustled up votes for the gang.
It is to the riff-raff of the Democracy
that "Boss" Rea owes his success, for
over one-third of the votes cast were
from this class.
The Rea forces were out in such num
bers that they had things their own
way, and they jostled and sneered at
the better citizens as they stepped up
to vote. Crooked work was done aIJ
. ivi-r the city, but it was more particu
larly noticeable in the Third Ward.
Here there were complaints of fraud
being practiced by election officers all
day, and several times the ballot-box
stutters were caught in the act 'and
openly accused. They took particular
pains to harass the Good Government ]
Club people, and their watchers were j
shoved away from the polls.
The officers in charge of the election
booth located at Holilster Stables on
First street, near San Carlos, were:
Judge, William Dreischmeyer; inspec
tor, George A. Clark. Hore the trouble
began before 7 o'clock, when Charles J.
Cornell, proprietor of a notion store
and one of the most prominent busi
ness men of the city, detected Dreisch
meyer substituting another ballot for
one he inte-nded to cast. He ncruprrt
the election official of the act and fle- .
manded his ballot. Dreipehmeyer re- j
fused to give it up and voted the ballot j
ie had substituted for Cornell's. After ;
some words, during which Dreinrh
meyer called Cornell a liar, the latter
eft. Cornell went before a notary and j
Tiade the following affidavit:
I, Charles J. Cornell, a resident
and voter of the Third Ward of
the city of San Jose, do, under
oath, solemnly swear, that at the
Republican primary held at the
polling place in the Hollister
stable, in said city of San
Jose, Third Ward, the ticket
which I presented for voting
was deliberately withheld and
another attempted to be sub
stituted. On my demand to see
the ticket about to be deposited
the judge refused to show it to
me and put it in his pocket, de
claring that my ticket had been
deposited. And I was thereby
disfranchised in this election.
CHARLES J. CORNELL.
Subscribed and sworn to by
Charles J. Cornell before me,
this 10th day of August, A. D.
1898. WESLEY PIEPER,
Notary Public in and for the
County of Santa Clara. State
of California-
Similar charges were made all day.
L. D. Webster caught Dreischmeyer at
the same trick. He snatched the bal
lot out of Dreischmeyer's hand and
found that Dreischmeyer had substi
tuted a gang ticket for the one he
wanted to vote. M. D. Phelps is also
positive that his ballot was changed.
In the Third Ward were 48) votes
cast, of which number the Good Gov
ernment Club received 136. Thar3 arc
six precincts in the ward, and accord
ing to accurate tally 50 votes were cast
for the Good Government ticket in tha
Fifteenth Precinct. There 1b every rea
son to believe that this ratio should
hold good for the other five precincts,
which would mean a vote of 300 in the
ward for good government. Instead it
was only 136. This can be accounted
for only by the stuffing of the ballot
box and the sleight-of-hand work of
Dreischmeyer.
In the Second Ward there wan an
equally bad state of affairs. There
George W. Lee and F. C. Jacobs, both
named for delegates to the County Con
vention, were judge and inspocr.or re
spectively. A pasteboard bandbox was
used for a ballot-box, and despite the
protest of citizens they refused to use
the regular ballot-box. They stated
that such were their instructions from
thf> Republican County Cantral Com
•mittee.
.Mitchell Phillips and Harry Edward;?,
prominent business men of the city,
were on watch in the interest of the
Good Government Club. Rea's election
officers ordered everybody out of the
booth, including a Deputy Sheriff. Phil
lips and others objected to this on their
right as American citizens. Rea was at
once communicated with, and he order
ed Chief of Police Kidward to take his
force and clear out the intruders, as
with Phillips and Edwards present the
chance to discern crookedness was too
great. The patrol wagon responded
with six officers, and Phillips, Edwards
and the Deputy Sheriff were summar
ily ejected.
By this time quite a crowd had col
lected and Phillips and Edwards were
roundly applauded for the manly stand
they had taken. After this the gang
had things all its own way, but the
members of the Good Government Club
kept vigilant watch at the polls all day.
The gang ran things with the same
high hand in the First and Fourth
Wards. Here the percentage of Demo
crats voting was larger and ballot box
stuffing was not necessary.
In the suburbs about the city and in
I Santa Clara . the same gang methods
were employed. An attempt was made
to stuff the ballot box in the University
Precinct, but this was thwarted and the
Good Government Club carried the day.
S. B. "Ben-ill, judge in that precinct, is
accused of the act. When he appeared
on the scene this morning with the bal
lot box he refused to let any one look
in it. This was insisted on by people
present and a scuffle ensued for pus
session of the box. Terriil finally ob
tained the box and ran home. He re
turned in about fifteen minutes. He
made threats of using a revolver If
interfered with, but finally consented to
have the box examined. It was found
to be empty. There are grave suspi
cions, however, that the box was stuffed
when first presented.
These are but examples of the meth
ods employed by the gang, and it Is safe
to presume the same work was at
tempted by Rea men all over the
county.
The methods adopted by Boss Rea
will act as a boomerang. The citizens
of the county who are opposed to the
tactics of Buckley, from whom Ri:a
has evidently taken lessons, intend
carrying the fight to the end. Some of
the most prominent people in the city
say to-night that they would rather see
the Republican ticket deefated than to
win with Rea and his boodle gang in
control of affairs.
That the crooked work of the elec
tion officers will be investigated is cer
tain. The Grand Jury will be asked to
look into the methods of some of the
election officers, and it Is not improb
able that many of the gangsters who
acted in such a high-handed way to
day will be called upon to explain their
conduct. *
"Boss" Rea is happy to-night. He
says he has been vindicated and that
he is now content. The vindication
may afford him some slight comfort at
present, but it will cost him consider
able uneasiness before the matter is
settled.
The Good Government League will
continue its battle against boss rule
and "Jim" Rea.
"The members of the league," said
one of the offiecrs to-night, "realize
that intimidation, hundreds of Demo
cratic votes and the grossest frauds of
every kind tell the story of the farci
cal .Republican primary held here to
day. The frauds were not confined to
the city. They are to be found all over
the county. In Evergreen Precinct, for
example, where the highest Republi
can vote ever cast does not exceed
eighty-five, 121 vo;es were polled to
day. Old-time 'gang' Democrats who
never voted the Republican tickt.-t
voted in the primaries 10-day by the
hundred, and, we think, by the thou
sand. Ballots were changed by the
election officers, not only in San Jose,
but in Borne places in the country, bo
fore they were put into the ballot box.
The boxes were kept out of sight of the
public most of the time, The election
officers refused in many cases to ad
minister the oath to gang' voters
when challenged, while to the Good
Government League voters who were
challenged they administered, not the
oath prescribed by the State Central
Committee, but a test of their own,
fearfuly and wonderfully made.
"But all these irregularities will be
duly aired in the contests which we
propose making in the county, Congres
sional and State conventions. We rro
pose fighting the Kea gang to a finish.
We are not beaten. The fight has just
begun."
Another member of the Good Gov
ernment League said:
"The farcical Republican primary
held to-day has aroused intense bit
terness among the solid citizens and
taxpayers of the Republican League,
who were made aware of the gang's in
iquities only by being confronted m a
practical exemplification of primary
politics. The gang appointed all the
election officers, any represen
tation at the polling precincts to the
opposition. In many cases the judgt-s
and inspectors were candidates them
selves and absolutely refused permis
sion to inspect the count or remain in j
sight of the ballotbox. very evidence I
of predetermined fraud was visible in i
the flimsy character of the receptael-s
for ballots, consisting of paper band '
boxes and shirt and sock boxes, and ar- i
rangements made for receiving and d.-
popiting the votes. So glaring were the j
frauds that the whole community feels
outraged and insulted, and the open i
condemnation of Rea's methods is not
at all promising for his nominees.
"The Good Government League pro
poses to contest the county and carry
the fight to the State and CongreH
sional conventions, assiduously, deter
minedly and systematically. No quar
ter will be given and there will be no
compromise with the rogues. The fight
is on principle and for blood. The re
election of Rea's brother with such op
position Is considered hopeless by his
most sanguine adherents, and while
they feel jubilant at carrying a pri
mary by stuffing the boxes, voting
Democrats and using every fraudulent
means to accomplish their ends, they
yet feel that only the outposts have
been won and that the battle royal Is
yet to come at Sacramento and in the
Congressional and county conventions."
"We are in the fight to stay until the
end," said another member of the Good
Government League, "and 'Boss' Rea
and his minions will understand It be
fore the campaign is over.
"The Republican voters left in dis
gust. More than one-half the votes cast
at the polls were cast by Democrats.
Many of them openly confessed this
fact. The Good Government League
does not look upon this farce as a de
feat. It will supply conclusive evidence
to prove to the members of the Repub
lican State Central Committee the ille
gality of the election."
Rea, when seen at midnight, said that
he waH satisfied that "his friends"
would represent Santa Clara County at
the State convention and that his same
good friends would be in the majority
tn the county convention next Satur
day. The Good Government League,
while not admitting defeat, as several
of the outlying towns are still to be
heard from, declares that while Rea
may be on the top of the ladder at
present the ladder will" be pulled from
under him on election day.
In tne Probate Court.
Tne will of William H. C. Fowler, who
died In this city on the 4th inst.. waa
filed for probate yesterday. The estate
left by the decedent is valued at " m>.
The testator bequeaths $1000 to his sister,
Frances M. Fowler of London, England.
The residue is given to Mrs. Martha Gale
of this city.
MORE TROOPS
TO BE SENT
TO MANILA
Merritt May Need His
Entire Quota.
AGUINALDO IS TROUBLESOME
MUST PROTECT SPANIARDS IN
CASE OF SURRENDER.
Troops Are to Be Forwarded as Fast
as Steamers Can Be Secured
for Their Transporta
tion.
Recent events in the Philippines have
caused the War Department to order the
remaining expeditionary forces in San
Francisco to be forwarded as fast as
transports can be secured to carry them
to Manila. This order was received at
military headquarters yesterday morning
in response to a telegram of inquiry sent
by Major General Merriam, asking for in
structions in regard to these troops.
The Arizona will be ready to receive
troops on Monday morning next, at which
time the soldiers assigned to that vessel
will embark. The steamer will prob
ably sail on the following day, Briga
dier General King, with one battalion
of the Twenty-third regiments, and re
cruits for other regiments will sail on
the Arizona.
The Scandia, with the Seventh Califor
nia and a detachment of recruits, will
sail about the end of next week.
It is expected that the Australia and
Sydney will reach this city from Manila
about the loth. They will be immediately
fitted out for a return trip to the Philip
pines with troops, and will Be followed by
the City of Peking, which is due here
about the 24th. These vessels will prob
ably carry the Fifty-first lowa, the Twen-
tieth Kansas and the First Tennessee.
There are now about 9300 expeditionary
troops in San Francisco. The Arizona and
Scandia. will take away 3300, leaving 6000
to be forwarded. This includes the Eighth
California, which was turned over to Ma
jor General Otis, and made part of the
expeditionary forces. The First Washing
ton has r.nt beon attached to the Eighth
Army Corps, and will therefore not go
in Manila, unless later orders are issued
i assigning- it to duty in the Philippines.
General Merrlam will probably not go to
Honolulu until after all of these troops
are on the way to Manila. Brigadier Gen
eral King held a long conference with him
yesterday in regard to the sailing of the
Arizona next week and the other trans
j ports that are to immediately follow.
WILL GO TO MANILA.
The Eighth California Destined
to Cross the Pacific to
Dewey's Assistance.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Tract, Aug.
10.— The greatest excitement witnessed at
Camp Barrett since its establishment pre
vailed this afternoon,- when it was an
nounced that Lieutenant Colonel Carring.
ton and Major \\ nitton had received word
from General Barrett at San Francisco to
the effect that in all probability ttie
Eighth Regiment will be on its way to
Manila in a very short time. Similar
hopeful news had been received by Cap
tain Barnes from his father, General
Barnes. The information from GenerUl
Barrett was to the effect that orders will
be isstied in a few days.
The news spread like wildfire through
the camp, and soldiers were seen running
frum tent to tent to hear a verification,
which was readily obtained. The men are
now as confident of being given an oppor
tunity to show their prowess at Manila
aa they are that they have been pegging
away at every-day drills for the past
month. Nothing else is discussed, and
every one is eagerly awaiting definite or
ders from headquarters. That these will
arrive 1n a day or two Is confidently be
lieved by all. from Lieutenant Colonel
Carrington down.
The Eighth was never designated as
consigned to either Cuba or the Philip
pines, but as It is a twelve company regi
ment It Is milto likely that it would be
given preference to some of the eight
cotnpany regiments now mobilized at San
Francisco.
CALLED TO WASHINGTON.
T. R. Turner to Confer With
the Quartermaster General
on Eastern Transports.
T. R. Turner, inventor and patentee of
the Turner patent bunk, has been called
to Washington, D. C, by the quartermas
ter general of the army. Nearly all the
transports that have left F.-m Francisco
have been fitted out with these bunks,
and such glowing account* <>i uu-ir adap
tability for that purpose have been for
warded East by Majors Loi g and Ruhlen
that the quartermaster general has al
most decided to put them into the trans
ports employed in carrying soldiers to
Cuba and Porto Rico, and it is to confer
with him on that subject that Mr. Turner
wont East laat night.
Mr. Turner la a native son. and he has
been with the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company for the past twenty-four years.
All his spare time for twenty months -vaa
taken up in perfecting his bunk, and
he says that many a night he never had
a wink of sleep by thinking over altera
tions in his working model. The first
vessel fitted with the new bunks was the
steamer Queen, and since then a dozen
other vessels have been fitted with them,
and 10,500 placed in the transports that
have Bailed for Manila.
OFF FOR HONOLULU.
A Detachment of the First New
York Sails on the Steamer
Mariposa.
The second detachment of the First New
York Volunteer Regiment, 155 men strong,
marched away from the Presidio at 1:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon, and embark
ed on the Mariposa for Honolulu. The de
tachment consisted of Company E, under
Captain Pickarcl. and forty-four men
from Company D, under Second Lieuten
ant Smith. Adjutant Strevell also acom
panled the detachment. The men were
given a hearty send-off and a royal good
by by their less fortunate comrades who
are forced to remain yet a while at the
Presidio.
Lieutenant Colonel Stacpole has ap
pointed Lieutenant Wheelock, Company
15, temporary quartermaster of the regi
ment In the place of Lieutenant Strevell.
His Fall Besulted Fatally.
Irving Schlicht, aged five years, living
at 228 Fulton street, while playing about
an empty hay wagon with a companion
fell to the ground and suffered internal
injuries which resulted in death a few
hours afterward. The driver of the wagon.
The Oldest Volunteer.
A New York State doctor, aged 109, volun
teered his serviceß to the President recently,
and expressed a desire to enter the army as a
surgeon. Even at bis advanced yoars he can
read without glasses, and walk 10 to 15 miles a
day. The oldest standard medicine Is Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters, which has no equal for
indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, fevers
and bad blood. It strengthens, purifies and
vitalizes. One bottle does much good.
Thomas Doyle, had his attention called
to the boy's condition, and he immediately
took him to his home. Drs. Dewitt and
Jackson were called in, but could not save
the child. Doyle called at police head
quarters last night and explained his con
nection with the matter, but was not ar
rested.
HE WILL NOT WORK
WITH FITZGERALD
THE RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS
AND THE INJUNCTION.
The Robinson Case and Some Indian
Claims Considered at the Bi-
Monthly Session.
The eternal Robinson case was up again
for consideration by the Railroad Com
mission yesterday afternoon, and after a
two hours' discussion was left In exactly
the same state in which it was before the
meeting. The Commissioners started out
to arrive at some conclusion as to their
future actions in regard to the Robinson
matter. Since Judge Bahrs issued an in- j
junction restraining the Railroad Com- |
mission from further action in the prose- j
cution of the case nothing has been done I
by the Commissioners. The discussion
yesterday was to settle whether the Com
missioners should ignore Judge Bahrs'
restraining injunction or appeal from it
to the Supreme Court.
A great portion of the time was con
sumed by the announcement of George
W. Monteith that he would not in the
future associate himself with Attorney
General Fitzgerald in tue prosecution of
the suit. He had written a letter to
Fitzgerald in which he states in pretty
strong language that he will withdraw
from the case of Robinson versus the
Southern Pacific Company if Fitzgerald
determines to remain in it. The reasons
for his intention to sever himself from
further co-operation with his former as
sociate, Monteith asserts to be their in
ability to work together effectively and a
lack of understanding as to the proper
division of duties. Nothing was decided
by the commission, and the Robinson
matter has gone over for another two
weeka.
The commission received a short time
ago two letters addressed to the Gover
ernor in which the writers, Indians of
Butte County, complain that the railroad
company refuses them the privilege of
riding on the platforms of cars. They
claim that this right belongs to them, be
ing reserved by the Government for the
Indians at the time of the granting of
the charters to the railroad companies.
The Railroad "Commission informed Wil
liam F. Herrin of the Indians' claim and
the infraction of their rights, and re
ceived in reply an answer from the chief
counsel of the Southern Pacific which de
nies that any such reservation was ever
made or that such privileges exist. The
Railroad Commission dismissed the mat
ter on account of lack of jurisdiction.
THE BLOW THAT
JARRED KILPATRICK
SCHOOL DIRECTOR WALLER AND
THE EX-PRINCIPAL MEET.
They Exchange Compliments and
Kilpatrick Is Arrested on a
Charge of Assault.
Samuel M. Waller, School Director, and
E. C. Kilpatrick, ex-principal of the Bus
iness Evening School, met in the corri
dor of the City Hall, opposite the offices
of the Board of Education, yesterday af
ternoon, and an hour or two later Kil
patrick was arrested on a warrant from
Judge Mogan's court, charging him with
assault upon Waller. He was released on
his own recognizance by the Judge.
"Waller's version of the affair is that
Kilpatrick came up to him and held out
his hand, remarking, "Well, have you
forgiven me for the letter I wrote?" re
ferring to a letter Kilpatrick had written
to School Director Burns, making certain
charges against School Directors. Wal
ler said he did not want to speak to
him, and Kilpatrick turned away, after
telling Waller that he could go to a
warmer climate than California.
"What's that you say?" said Waller.and
going up to Kilpatrick struck him on the
shoulder. Kilpatrick made a motion for
his hip pocket, and Waller ran into the
Board of Education office.
Kilpatrick says that he and Waller ex
changed a few words ami he went toward
his friend A. W. Atherton, who was
with him. Waller came at him shouting
"What's that you say?" and struck him a
blow un the shoulder that jarred him so
that his hat fell off. AH the motion he
made as Waller rushed for the Board of
Education office was to stoop and pick
up his hat. He did not have a revolver
in hi? pocket, and had his overcoat over
his arm. He was very much surprised
when arrested aa Waller was the ag
gressor, and thinks it is a scheme to be
smirch him. as his suit against the
Board of Education comes up to-day.
A. W. Atherton, who was the only wit
ness to the affair, corroborates what Kil
patrick says, and thinks Kilpatrick's ar
rest an outrage.
FACE TO
EVERY MAN ON EARTH IS WHAT
the full-powered mortal is able to
do. If you are nervous and weak, you
cannot face your fellow mortals. You
tlaro not look one in the eye. Confess to
yourself that you are weak, and then
alter matters at once. It won't take you
much time. And it can be done. "Hud-
yan"will do It for you. It makes men.
"Hudyan" restores vitality to erring
men. Those who have wrongly used func-
tional power have proved that. It makes :
good, the weak places in all the system.
Get the free circulars which tell you of its j
grand, its marvelous work. Get back i
your good health and strength. Ask for !
free medical advice If you want it. Make j
no mistake— no charge for circulars,
either.
By calling at or writing to the Hudsonian
Institute you can get treated for any curable
disease. Have you a sign at blood taint? If
bo act at once. If you cannot call, write. Mall
treatment i« at all times most satisfactory. ;
Weakness Is to manliness
115 rl/Jcj.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS 8T3.,
San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS )■ }
£ jEARTERS
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Drink
a great deal ; keep the blood
and tissues clear. That makes
you healthy and active.
Water is cheapest, tea next,
coffee next.
Good water, Schillings
Best tea and coffee. iS
WHERE Jf INTOX*
t&m^liquid food imagin-
able for CpjTvalescejTts.: Eas-
ily assimilated even by the
weakest stomachs and lend-
ing a strength to the system
not obtainable by any other
TQniC. ALL DRUGGISTS
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
M i lwau KEE.U sa.
Louis Cahen & Son» Wholesale _
Dealers, 4J6-4JB Sacramento Street,
San Francisco,
MADE ME A MAN
*<g^ AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
ft/ "i A.JUIj Ifervou* Disrate*— Failing Mem-
§» 2a] ory, Im potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
jf TJ by Abuse or other Excesses and Indir*
i tffvtt* cretions. They quickly and. surely
\ ~T restore Lost Vitality in old or young, ami
iBS/A. St a man for atady, business or marriage.
Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
ttuctin in time. Their uso shows immediate) improve-
ment and effects a CURE whore ail other foil In-
eist upon having tho goauins Ajax Tablets. They
have cared thousands and will cars yon. Woeive a pos-
itive written cuarantew to effect a cure Eft pT la
each case or refund tho iconey. Price UV V I Viper
paekago; or six pkses (fall treatment) for $2.60. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
'"•■AJAX REMEDY CO., HSE&TiF'
For sale in San Franciaoo by Leipnlts <9t Co**
13* Butter. No-Percent««« Pharmacy. Hi MM. .
'****«»^ nPFAMA Is the new discovery
Jv. UaLALHA that glve9 you B i p,
>w AOs rß9tai '' i no dreams. DREAMA
'^^*^^ cures bad dreams, dye-
/yS. pepsla, horrible
dreams. SN^^^^>>^^S< * lle * d "
night lllu- SS * s >C«C^>i^**w ach *
slons, nightmare. Jfr S V^
Take at right. If not;
cured money refunded. 25c
a box. DREAMA CO. Sold by s^*
GRANT'S BALDWIN PHARMACY. '
DR.MQNULTY.
pHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
X SpecUllstcur(MPrlvate^fervous.BloodandSkln
Diseases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases
md Weaknessesof Men, free. OverSOyears'experi-
ince. Patients cv red at Home. Terma^easonable.
!lourB9 to 3 daily : 6:3o to B:3o e v'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12.
Consul ta.tlon 3acredly private. Call, or address
Dr. F. 11OSCOE McXTLTY, .
1014 Kearny Rt., Nan Francisco, Cal,
ppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
SPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
arts, J.ESPIC 5 New York, E. FOUdERA &CO.
_, COT,O by ALL DRUrpf?T.«l
PEEY CALL
3/ It Publishes the Cream o? th»
I) News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
J PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
0\ ~ /
) The Best V / Mining
j Telegraphic . >y^ News That
*\ Service on /V Is Accurate
x The Coast / \& up to data
s{ Not a Line of It Sensational
J or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
X Bright, Clean, I A Champ on of
1 Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORVU NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
3 ITAOVOUTES 1 SENT BT
") HOME . V MAIL, Sl.3§
=»< INDUSTRIES ' 1 A YEAR.INDICATES THE
POPULARITY OF
ALL CANDIDATES
Value of Expressions of Opinion
by Editors of Interior
Papers.
Candidates for the Senatorial Appointment
Are Bidding for Popular
Favor.
• .The principal topic under discussion in
• ...olfti.al circles during the past two days
.has been the expres I pinion on the
! Republican gubernatorial situation by the
■editors in newspapers in all
.pa : i-t- nted in The
• '.('ail Tuesday morning. It Is generally
•<»onc! • these opinions, c imlng
■• from men who are in touch with the
ters of the various
dis.tri Ich they live, form the first
•and only trustworthy foundation upon
.••.■wiiioh It Is possible to base a true esti
. of the wishes and preferences of the
I ; an voters
": of the State con< erning the men who have
• ■•■up.' to this time been prominently men
fed in connection with the Republican
■ -'jiopiination for Governor.
: ''f} nate strength of the ccv
- - .wn by
the general summary of opinions, w:ts a
•; : r< w:. .;/.>•: to the candidates them
s as well as to their po-
Hti< a . rs and "t 1 ers who are
taking an active Interest in the
■work of shaping events for the
■.copllng campaign. This was particularly
.title o-f the showing made by Henry T.
GsLge, the gubernatorial candidate from
.to Angeles. Contrary to the assertions
''(•: "tKe Gage boomers, the result shows
r !thftt the Los Angeles lawyer has no sup
. ..-"porters .outside of a portion of the Sixth
.\'and-.Seventh Congressional districts, a por
■ ytJoH of the State that gave McKlnley a
.- majority of only about 1000 over Bryan.
.<-,. "Knowledge of this fact has given Gages
candidacy a decided setback, as the Re-
V-puJJlicati managers appreciate the fact that
•.:,the'.rian"ie at the head of the ticket must
. he.'that of a man whose greatest strength
; I^',-iJn the northern part of the State,
-wiierefjre to be found the bulk of the Re
~ publican voters.
; : . : TJie -list of replies made to The Call's
•\ queries' also indicates that the Pardee
■ 'boom has not penetrated far beyond the
■ Limits -of Alameda County— a circum-
E-tar.ce that is not particularly surprising
.-•to' those who have watched the political
• , tactics employed in the fostering of his
. gubernatorial boomlet. W. R. Davis has
'•; -.a' larger following than Pardee, and he
■' share's- with Brown, Flint, Knight, Ellert
■ ■ -airti •..Von the popularity of Republican
voters, in the northern and central por
• Uons :of the State. Many prominent Re
:. publicans believe that some man not yet
"•..named- will be brought forward at the
• proper moment and secure the nomina
tion.' .
'■'. I.V SI Grant of San Diego is in the city,
. Ipokinc after the interests of his 5ena
....1,, : boom. He has little to say for
publication regarding Gage's candidacy,
"but* has no hesitancy in stating that the
•• souih cannot reasonably expect to be
'■•given both the Governor and the Senator
•• in same year. As he and his many
friends believe that a southern man
■•should" be selected to succeed Senator
WY-h'ite the inference is plain. In this con
■•"-'ion it may be interesting to note the
. presence in the city of Sidney Perkins,
•private secretary to United States Sena
'. t.br ' Manna. He declares that the object
•-of- his' presence here is a desire to gain
■ a knowledge of the general political sit
•.ua.tlo.ii in the Pacific Coast States. While
'•this/may be true, those who profess to
he acquainted with the facts say that the
•■ primary object of his visit is to promote
:tlie. candidacy of U. S. Grant for the Sen
" :a-torial appointment. Some months ago
'/■lt was stated on what appeared to be
•••excellent authority that the question of
': ing Grant's candidacy formed the
■'= principal topic of conversation at a din
". neT'. given by his mother to Senator
• Hanha. Senator Elkins, Speaker Reed
and a number of other gentlemen who
" Were personal friends of President Grant
during -his lifetime and who have for
•xhany years occupied high places in the
•■.affair* of the Government. It is said j
■ that 3lrs. Grant expressed to these gen
. 'ti'ern'e!i "her earnest desire that the name I
'of. Grant should not be permitted to cease j
■• %o -be associated with the conduct of
•V-publk;' affairs, and that it was her wish
• "that '• one of her sons should become a
: •.•l-iii'ieU -States Senator. The expression
. of sa -laudable a desire met with the ap
■'-.ptpK-tii Of all present, and they agreed to
■ '-all- -within their power to assist U. S.
•" .G-.rafH : to secure the appointment from
■ oriUa. It is presumed that the pres
' "eiite '.-here 'of Senator Hanna's private sec
' ieitttry : is intimately connected with the
.-Vx't^Cition of this agreement.
•: - -General -W. H. L. Barnes and George A.
" • ':K.h V .have both recently expressed their
: -wnifi-Tgriess to accept the Senatorial toga
.■■provided their desires meet with the ap
■ :: p royal', of the members of the next Legis
• rUitfrre.' - The fact that both gentlemen ai c
• rgorial and political friends of M H. de
• -.Young, who is an avowed candidate for
.the" /appointment, renders the situation
""■*■< an i:\vtiat- puzzling to those who are not
'In touch' with the ins and outs or the po
. Mtical game. They are also brought face
•jt-t) fibe with, another political problem pre
sented- by the apparent Indorsement by
.-'the '.libs' Angeles Times, the leading Re
- publican; newspaper of the south, of the
' genatoiial aspirations of Judge Erskine
■.M.:8.b38,;a. Democrat. > -•".
.' Ami;ng. the recently announced candi
•■ tfatv-rf-fof the nomination for the Supreme
■ Ve-iich'iirS General Jo Hamilton, the "old
'•wah\ h-bss" of Placer County, and Judge
• "Lewis- D McKisick of this city. H. D.
■,:ai- ■. 'is out with the announcement
r . thattfijs is -King the nomination for At
• ... "General. --- ;
=". A ji< : w" 'aspirant for political honors is
; Eam-u«l , Donatl of Cayucos, San Luis
• Otifsp'6 "County; who would like to receive
;" t'fie! publican nomination for State
Treasurer.
: •' -Tht; friends of J. D. Lynch of Los An
""'ijejfsare urging him to stand for the
i).".tn6eraUc nomination for Secretary of
■ Sfa\e, - Mr. Lynch is well known through
6'tUV the "State and has a wide circle of
. Jc'iervd.s. ■
.- The : Tact that "Whispering" Gavin
• -McNab-'- has control of the governing
.' l>'ody.'. .of the local Democracy ana
'■••4s 'usintf- his power to secure for
."biniHuf. the Congressional nomina
:tion-/tn- the Fourth District has not pre
..•yent^d- others besides Judge Lawler,
. Josc.iih; Kelly, Sammy Braunhart and
.•JaijH-'s H....-Barry from entering in the race
■ I.oi- thr ; - coveted place. The latest aspirant
• i r"' J - Dwyer. whose friends are out
/. V: '■ Vhe .announc ment that he is a can
.<JMa.te.and that they hope to win for him
• jT'f-.V')i* >u .thai are supposed to be snugly
..-tawed away in the inside pocket of the
...whirring, boss. From present indica
'■}■' ■ it would appear that Judge Lawler
. ■ia"si a "5 -A raost popular man in the district.
.ftnd- If the pfan of the programmers fail
• to connect he will probably carry off the
.- .j>nze. .
•..As-bPing- Illustrative of the sentiment
•8* oie £%K, rr« cU 'ST nts of it,.- Democratic
'-l!^^ : regard ng the manner In which the
. W. c: > lat)1 at) - < i? uld - A ord combination is con
-.ducting- the aftairs of the local Democ
racy., tiie- utterances of L. J. Maddox of
■ Modesto will not be uninteresting Mr
;-Ma.lldox" is a lawyer and a Democrat, and
h» b«-si/lf;s a delegate to the Democratic
Sla-.te 'Convention.
• "I .'-cannot understand," he paid yester
•dav.."liow any body of men can appoint
• afl£-rat*?s- when the great mass of the
.- votors" of the party demands that a prim
' ary beheld. It will not suffice to say that
'ft is impossible to hold a fair primary It
might- be.thai a fair primary could not be
•held rf the elective officers were appointed
by a .corrupt boss, but when the commit
tee of- one hundred has the entire control
-.-r-the"'tiaming of officers, keeping of the
•.roll* and allthat pertains to the election—
to say that a fair primary cannot be held
Is simply, ridiculous.
■ .-"I. am" opposed to government by an
. oligarchy, and In the State Convention
my- voice will be raised and my vote be :
cast against any such usurpation of
power by a select coterie, the members of
which object to being called bosses."
NON-PARTISANS WILL
ORGANIZE TO-NIGHT.
Sub-Committees to Be Ap-
pointed and Work of
Campaign Laid Out.
The Nan-Partisan committee of fifty
will meet to-nipht In the assembly room
•of the Mills building and organize for the
coming municipal campaign. Sub-commlt
tees will be appointed and the general
scheme of the campaign arranged. The
citizens who compose the committee this
jvar are: William M. Abbott, Ludwig
Altschul, L. H. .bonestell. Joseph Britton,
Charles Bundschu, C. C. Burr, P. F. But
.t-orge L. Center, George Chllds. V, .
li Crim, George Cummlng. H. L. Davis,
Ernest A. Denicke, L. R. Ellert, W. D.
Fennimore, George K. Fitch, P. G. Gai
pln, Warren Gregory, A. S. Hallldie. Bar
clay Henley, John R. Hillman. E. H. Hor
ton. J. R. Howell, Hugh D. Keil. Sheldon
G. Kellogg. Paul Keyser. Charles A. La
ton, W. J. Le Breton, John A. Lennon. D.
I. Mahoney, Charles A. Malm, I. T. Mil
liken, Charles A. Murdock, C. B. Perkins,
Henry G. Prince. John E. Quinn. Thomas
\V. Ransom. E. M. Root, A. Sbarboro,
William A. 'Schadd. William R. Sherwood,
Frank J. Sullivan. Oscar Sutro. Frank J.
Symmes, Peer Tiffany. J. S. Webster. J.
W. Whiting. F. A. Will and W. G. Zelg
ler.
NEW REPUBLICAN
CLUB ORGANIZED
The Potrero Dewey Club
Formed With Nearly Two
Hundred Members.
The first branch of the Dewey Republi
can Central Club was organized Tuesday
night at 1442 Kentucky street, Potrero,
under the name of Dewey Republican
Club No. 1, with the following named of-
President, George W. Harlow; vice pres
ident. J. H. Price; secretary, R. J. Welch;
rvr. H. H. Olich, sergeant at arms,
! C. Rasmussen; executive committee, Geo.
W. Httrlow. R. Rasmussen, H. Holman, J.
H. Price, R. J. Welch.
One hundred and thirty-five Republi
cans signed the roll as members, and som»j
fifty more who are employed at night
work and could not be present sent in
their names, expressing their desire to
become members.
President Harlow in a short address as
sured the members that the purpose of
the organization was to work in harmony
with the Republican party of the State
and city. The club will hold regru!ar
weekly meetings on Tuesday nights at the
place of org-anlzatlun.
VOTERo MUoI" REGISTER.
The lack of interest which has been
shown by voters in registration for the
forthcoming election is causing the party
leaders much uneasiness.
Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman of
the Republican State Central Committee,
and William H. Alford, chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee,
held a conference yesterday to devise
some method of bringing out the voters.
The registration up to the present time
has fallen far short of what It should
have been. As no one can vote until he
has complied with this requirement it
means a small poll on election day.
The outcome of the discussion yester
day was the determination that each
party should send wagons about the
streets bearing huge signs requesting
their followers to attend to their regis
tration. The office for that purpose at
the City Hall has closed, but precinct
registration is now in progress. This will
continue until Saturday night, after
wnlch time no additional opportunity will
be afforded. It it has not been done
then the delinquent's vote will be lost.
Olympia Republicans.
The Olympia Republican Club held a
rousing meeting Tuesday evening at
California Hall, 620 Bush street. Every
seat in the large hall was occupied. J.
D. Hart presided. Judge J. G. Sever
ance delivered an effective speech ard
was generously applauded. He was
followed by George M. Hermance with
acting and a recitation. Addresses were
also made by Dr. A. D. McLean, George
W. Poole, George K. Hilton, Ferdinand
Gilbert, A. P. Wagner, A. J. Regaudiat, I
H. Menne, L«eon Frank and Hon. Leon j
Dennery. Daniel Hanlon, a talented
young actor, recited and also enter
tained the club with acting. John Hil
llard pave several recitations. They
were heartily applauded. Speeches were I
ais'.- made by (Jt-orge R. Pidgeon, Dr.
C. B. Hutehins. Charles Mohaupt and
Major James Kip. The club has de- |
cided to have a mass meeting in Sep
tember. There were forty-seven sig
natures added to the roll.
Republicans Organize.
The Thirty-seventh Assembly District
Republican Club was organized Tuesday
evening at I'evlsaderoHall, 317 Devisadero
street. K. W. Tucker, the engineer and
contractor, was elected temporary chair
man and O. C. Pratt, an attorney, wan
elected temporary secretary. A commit
tee on permanent organization consisting
of the following named gentlemen was ap
pointed by iln: chair: It. McF. Doble,
fciamuel Hendy, < '. .'vl. Arnold, George D.
<'iark. Hugh McDonnell. John H. Heeler
and Mark Lane. O. C. Pratt, Wilson Ev
ans and Q. y. Stewart were appointed a
committ*-. ; ou by-laws.
After the organization was effected sev
eral speeches were made and the meeting
was adjourned to assemble at the call
of the chair, It being understood that an
other meeting of the club would be held
this week. Before adjournment an invita
tion was extended to all Republicans pres
ent residing In the district to sign the roll
Fifty-one names were enrolled and thirty
seven applications for membership were
received.
Anti-Fusion Populists.
The County Committee <>f the Anti-
Fusion Populists, who have repudiated
Maguire and fusion, and who intend
supporting T. W. H. Shanahaa for
Governor at the coming election, met
Tuesday night and adopted a constitu
tion and by-laws to govern their actions.
A permanent organization to conduct the
Populißt fight against the Maguire-Gal
lagher branch of the Populist party
was perfected by the election of the
following officers: President, Louis
Chester; vice-president, Urban A.
Lrwis; recording secretary, Carleton H.
Johnson; treasurf.r. T. H. Porter; libra
rian, John C. Gove; sergeant-at-arms.
John F. Patterson; trustees, John C.
Gore, R. H. O'Hea and William A.
Kawlens; investigating committee, H.
C Brown, F. G. Schallenberger. H. J.
Colvin, Walter H. Goff and C. D. Rod
gers.
AdvanceH made on 'urnitur* and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAIS T FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
M'NAB TURNED
DOWN BY BARRY
Contest in the Selection
of Delegates.
WHISPERING BOSS ROUTED
PHELAN'S HENCHMEN ASSIST
AT THE OBSEQUIES.
Francis J. Heney Declares the Elec
tion to Be Illegal and Will
Appeal to the State
Committee.
"Whispering" Gavin McNab's little
slate was smashed to smithereens last
night at the meeting" of the Committee
of One Hundred, which was selected some
time ago by the Gould-Alvord-McNab
combination to manage the affairs of the
local .Democracy.
The committee met for the purpose of
completing the list of delegates who are
to go to the State Convention. "Whisper
ing" Gavin had, as he thought, put up a
nice smooth scheme which would go
through, and only men who are favorable
to his nomination for Congress from the
Fourth District were on the slate. But
he failed to figure on James H. Barry and
his friends, and before the meeting ad
journed the latter demonstrated their
strength and frustrated the designs of the
"Whispering Boss."
Seventy-two members of the committee
were present at the meeting last evening.
Of these forty were controlled by McNab.
As sixty votes were necessary to elect
delegates under the provisions of the con
stitution of the committee, the balance
; of power rested with the friends and sup
i porters of Barry, who is out tooth and
j nail against McNab for the Congressional
nomination. Incidentally, it is worth
mentioning- here that "Whispering" Gavin
had a foreknowledge of defeat. Yester
day he made a proposition, through John
H. Twigg, to Barry that he (McNab;
would quit if Barry would. Barry would
not listen to the proposition, and Gavin
was informed that the fiery editor of the
Star would remain in the fight until he
met a worse fate than Cervera's.
Another development which brings de
spair to the heart of the aspiring boss is
that Mayor Phelan is a Barry man and
will support him through thick and thin
for the Congressional nomination.
McNab's strength heretofore in the com
mittee was partly due to the fact that all
the applicants for political jobs who are
on the committee believed that Phelan
was with him. Charles W. Fay, who
is supposed to be the Mayor's mega
phone, has trained with McNab, and the
hungry ones took this as an indication
that Phelan and the Whispering Boss
were pulling together. The Mayor's un
qualified indorsement of Barry has set
all doubts at rest as to where he stands,
and now the job chasers are deserting
McNab. .
Before a ballot was taken at the meet
ing last night the McNab men tried to
secure the passage of a motion to the
effect that all the candidates for dele
gates to the State convention who re
ceived the highest number of votes at
the last meeting should be declared elect
ed This was voted down after a long
wrangle. A ballot was then taken an*
seven Barry men were elected. As it was
necessary to select thirty more, a com
promise was agreed to. Sammy Braun
hart made a motion, which was carried,
that the representatives of the districts
in which contests existed get together
and agree upon the delegates. This was
another McNab scheme, but it did not re
sult as its promoters expected. Braun
hart failed even to carry his own district.
He and ex-Registrar Hinton clashed on the
selection of the delegates from the Twen
ty-ninth, and when the hospital corps at
the secretary's desk brought in the dead
and wounded it was found that Braun
hart had secured but one man to Hin
ton's three. ■
The selection of the delegates from the
Thirty-first Assembly District brought on
arother fight. The combatants were Jos
eph Leggett and R. P. Doolan. Doolan
was the only representative present from
the district, and he recommended three
names. Leggett wished to substitute
Charles H. Holcomb, president of the Cen
tral Democratic Club, for one of Doolan's
selections. He said Mr. Holcomb was
president of a Democratic club of over
900 members, and that as the representa
tive of such a large body of Democratic
citizens he ought to be sent as a delegate
to the State Convention. Doolan retorted
that Mr. Leggett was not a representative
from the. Thirty-first and had no right to
dictate who the nominees from the dis
trict should be. Doolan's recommenda
tion was adopted and Mr. Holcomb was
snowed under. This action brought
Francis J. Heney to his feet. He declared
that he would appeal to the State Central
Committee and seek to have the action
of the committee invalidated, as the
method of electing the delegates was un
constitutional; that the delegates were not
being chosen by ballot and none of those
named in the compromise had received the
requisite sixty votes because they were
elected by a vlve voce majority which was
decided by the chairman.
Harmony was again restored and the
remainder of the delegates were selected.
When the names were read by the secre
tary the members of the convention
checked them off, designating them
as " Barry or McNab men as
they went along. After adjourn
ment notes were compared and it was
agreed that Barry and his opponent had
an equal number of followers among the
delegates and that the doubtful ones were
more than liable to go to Barry and give
him a distinct advantage when the dis
trict convention is held. _ ■;.:■;
The seven delegates elected by ballot
were: Charles Keisel, Twenty-ninth Dis
trict; N. Cellar, Thirty-first; F. C. Cleary,
T.» Kelly and E. D. Sullivan, Thirty-third;
R. Lynch and R. Webb and A. W.
Thompson, Thirty-fourth. ■
Those chosen as a result of the com
promise are: John F. More, Alex J. Es
telita, Emil Shuck and D. F. Murphy,
Twenty-eighth District; James P. Laliy.
Thomas Faulkner, Michael Lucy and
John Allen, Twenty-ninth District; James
Farrell. George Smith, John Devenney,
Thirtieth; Dr. Robert Lowry, John Reid,
Maior James Enright, Thirty-first; J. J.
McManus. W. .7. Rellly, Michael McGrath,
William J. Renwlck, Charles Kelly, Thir
ty-second; Robert Allen, James Kings
ton Thirty-third: Dennis O'Keefe. Patrick
Casscrly. John Salnislno, W. D. .Crowley,
Thlrtv-slxth; L. W. Lovey. Thirty-ninth;
O. M. Goldaracena. Forty-first: L. V.
Merle, George Krimphoff, Forty-fourth.
There were no contests in the Thirty
fourth, Thirty-ninth and Forty-first dis
tricts. The delegates selected on the com
promise were those who received the high
est votes on the first ballot.
CRAMER LOST.
The testimony was closed yesterday In
the suit of Herman Cramer against the
Singer Manufacturing Company for $1
damages and an injunction against the
infringement of a patent treadle on a
sewing machine. Circuit Judge Beatty
of Idaho, who was acting for Judge Mor
row, instructed the jury to bring in a ver
dict for the defendant, which was done.
Cramer is a resident of Sonora, Tuol
umne County, and fifteen years ago in
vented an improvement on sowing ma
chine treadles. The defends nt is using
an Improved treadle whie/i Cramer al
leged to be an infringement on his pat
ent The manufacturing company showed
that it was using another man's patent,
which did not conflict with .-at of Cra
mer. _
Stole a Bicycle.
Benjamin Buttenburg was arrested this
morning on the steamer Columbia on a
dispatch from Chief McLaurhlan of Port
land saying he is wanted there for lar
ceny. He Is accused of stealing a bicycle.
Buttenburg made himself conspicuous as
an advertising faker on tne streets of
Portland.
The Scandmavi n epublioans.
The Scandinavian Republican Ciub held
a largely attended meeting at Cambrian
Hall Mission street, last night. Forty
five new members signed the roll. Oliver
Olson. C J. Peterson, C. M. Eruison and
Captain O. P. Wilson made short patri
otic addresses.
HIS PUCE GIVEN
TO A COLORED MAN
Los Angeles Democrats
Oust Mitchell.
LIVELY CONVENTION CONTEST
DELEGATES ALMOST COME TO
BLOWS.
Maguire's Candidacy Is Indorsed
and Senator White Is Urged
to Stand for a Re
election.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 10.— Interest in
matters political in this city to-day
centered in the Democratic convention
for the election of delegates tc/ the
State convention and the selection of
a County Central Committee. Judge
Albert M. Stephens was elected chair
man. In his speech accepting the honor
he said:
"I am glad the Democratic party has
cast out of the party that tool of the
monopolies. Grover Cleveland."
The morning session was enlivened
by the contest in Cahuenga Precinct,
which resulted in the throwing out of
J. W. Mitchell, a man who has been
prominently identified with the Democ
racy of this county for many years,
and the seating of G. W. Albright, a
negro, in his stead. During the discus
sion accompanying this action the lie
was freely passed and at times per
sonal encc-unters between Mitchell and
members of the convention were barely
averted.
The committee on resolutions com
mended Hon. Stephen M. White for the
fidelity, ability, integrity and courage
with which he had discharged his du
ties as a United States Senator, placing
him in the forefront of the great states
men and constitutional lawyers of the
nation, and extended to him the thanks
of the convention and the Democratic
party for the great services rendered
by him to the people of the Stats of
California.
The resolutions Indorse the adminis
tration and promise to sustain the ad
ministration in the vigorous prosecu
tion of the war against Spain until its
final and triumphant close.
The convention indorsed the candi
dacy of James G. Maguire for Governor
and instructed the delegates to vote for
him as a unit, and further instructed
the delegates to secure the adoption by
the State convention of a plan of co
alition with the silver Republicans and
the Populist parties to carry c*rt the
plan recently outlined at Sacramento.
Considerable friction occurred during
the selection of the delegates to the
State Convention, particularly so In the
Third and Fourth Supervisorial Dis
tricts, where the fusionists were unable
to fully deliver to the kilted McNab
and his fellow self-constituted De«r>o
cratic bosses, Alford and Gould, the
clean slate they had oromised. The re
sult is that out of the eighty-one dele
gates selected at least twenty are anti
fusionists.
The appearance of Senator Stephen
M. White upon the floor of the conven
tion during the evening session was
made the occasion of a most heattv
greeting on the part of the members, to
which Senator White responded, thank
ing the convention for its expression at
confidence. Speaking upon the annexa
tion of territory by the United States
he said:
"I doubt the wisdom of the acquisi
tion of an alien race or the acquisition
of the Philippine Islands. Shall we
bring into our grand republic an alien
race which does not understand our
institutions? A republic cannot exist
unless it is controlled by intelligence.
We less than all can afford to bring
into her confines a people who are un
able to meet the requirements of citi
zenship. We ought to remember that
we are to-day adopting a new policy
and we ought to pause.
"I am not yet ready to say what po
sition I shall take regarding the
treaty. I give to it every moment of
my time, and I shall act according to
my convictions, irrespective of the
opinions of others."
Senator White then announced that
he would retire to private life at the
end of his term in the Senate; that he
was too poor to again become a can
didate and must, therefore, decline a
re-election.
It was the sense of the convention,
however, that Senator White had
nothing to say about the matter, and
that it was his duty to again offer
himself for the place. The convention
adjourned at 11:30.
TYPOS TO MEET IN
ANNUAL CONVENTION
ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE
PRINTERS' UNION.
Officers Will Be Elected: and Matters
Affecting the Trade Gener
ally Discussed.
The annual session of California State I
Typographical Union No. 6 will be heid !
in the chambers of the Board of Supervis- |
nrs, opening at 9 o'clock this morning: !
and continuing Friday and Saturday.
About fifty delegates are expected. They !
■will represent Eureka Union No. 207,
Fresno 144, Los Angeles 174, lJarysville
223, Oakland C 6, Redlands 278, Riverside I
254, Sacramento 46, San Bernardino 84, j
Sar Diego 221, San Francisco 21, San Jose
: 231, Santa Rosa 31, Stockton 56, San Fran
' cisco Stereotypera and Electrotypers, San
I Francisco Bookbinders, San i-rancisco I
Press Feeders and Helpers, San J?ran- i
Cisco Photo-Engravers and San Francisco I
Printing Pressmen's unions.
The reception committee, consisting of
S. L. Robblns (chairman). W. J. French
J. K. Phillips, S. H. Jenner and James
Olwell, has made complete arrangements
for the care of the delegates during their
stay in th,e city. To-night, through the I
courtesy of the management of tne |
Orpheum, they will enjoy a theater party i
at that popular place of amusement. To
morrow they will be taken on a trip I
around the bay on a tug donated by the |
Harbor Commissioners, and Saturday
night all will enjoy a banquet at Campi's
restaurant on O'Farrell street.
The business of the convention will con
sist of the annual election of officers and
reports regarding the state of trade '
j throughout the various organized towns j
in the State. An effort will be made to j
procure all the political printing for of
fices using the label, and arguments will
be presented to show proprietors that |
union men are realty a help to them in
business instead of a hindrance. The
officers of the State Union are: S. H.
Jenner. president; R. Gall, vice-nresldent;
M. A. Mclnnis, secretary-treasurer; ex
ecutive committee— S. L. Robbins, A. J.
H> -;xl and James Marr. The work of ar
i ranging the minor details of the conven
tion has fallen largely upon S. L. Rob
bins, who. besides being an active worker
in the ranks of the printers, Is also presi
dent of the San Francisco Labor Council.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bunh, Larkin sts. ; swimming. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths: salt water direct from ocean.
PARDEE'S MARKS
ARE CARVED ON
THE DELEGATES
The Doctor Does Some of His
Ward Politics in the
Encinal City.
Fresh Proof That He Is Preparing to Knife
Davis and Sell Out to
Brown.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— "Anything to cap
ture the delegation" Is Dr. George C Par
dee'd motto just at present, and he is fol
lowing it out to the letter. "Trust not
your closest friends" is another, conse
quently the doctor has cast dignity to
the winds and, refusing to rely on his
lieutenants, oversees every detail of his
campaign.
The methods pursued by Dr. Pardee
would be highly creditable to Chris Buck
ley, Sam Rainey or "Whispering" Mc-
Nab, but when adopted by an aspirant for
the Republican nomination for Governor
they stamp him as a man utterly un
worthy of the confidence of the people
and unfitted for any position above that
of ward boss.
Pardee's latest plot was exposed to-day.
It was a daring attempt to capture the
nine delegates from Alameda City, the
Republicans of that place being in open
revolt against Pardee, due primarily to
his insolent declaration that he would
not trust the Republicans to name their
own delegates, but would perform that
duty himself. The Alamedans rebelled
and asserted that they would select dele
gates uopledged to any candidate to rep
resent them at Sacramento. Last night
representatives from the various Repub
lican clubs met at Harmony Hall and
nominated an unpledged ticket, as fol
lows: P. S. Teller, A. R. Hamlin, J. C.
Bates Jr., Dr. C. L. Tisdale, Henry Sever
ing, J. L. toallentine. J. B. Lanktree, H.
Tank and George Britt. The clubs par
ticipating In this election were the Vet
eran Republican Club, Independent Re
publican Club, Young Men's Republican
Club and the Associated Precinct clubs.
Although instructed to name an un
pledged delegation it is plain that Pardee
got in his fine work, and it also gives
the best proof yet obtainable of the se
cret deal between Pardee and Lou Brown,
for of the nine men selected six are
avowedly for Pardee, and the remaining
three have openly expressed a prefer
ence for Brown. Not daring to take
them all himself, owing to the predom
inant Davis sentiment in Alameda, Par
dee has bartered away three delegates
from Alameda County to an outsider, be
sides proving to all the world that his
frecjuent assertions of good will toward
Davis, coupled with the promise to give
that gentleman his support, should he
fail to secure a majority of the county
delegation for himself, were as insincere
as most of his declarations.
When The Call first exposed Pardee's
alliance with Brown the doctor attempt
ed to bunko the people of this county
into the impression that he denied the
charge by devoting some space in his
newspaper to a tirade against a man he
well knew was not responsible for the ex
pose. His bluff being promptly called,
Pardee has since maintained discreet si
lence on the subject. Last Sunday Par
dee even promised J. W. Thomford of
Haywards that if he would go to Sac
ramento for him Pardee would throw his
votes to Brown at the proper time,
though less than an hour before the doc
tor had promised Daniel Chisholm of the
same place, who is a Davis supporter,
that Pardee's votes would be given to
Davis in case Pardee could not win out.
The Encinal City Republicans are fu
rious to-day over the deceit that has been
practiced upon them, and it Is certain
that another ticket in opposition to the
Pardee-Brown "unpledged" delegates will
be in the field at Saturday's primaries.
With all his scheming to defeat Davis,
Dr. Pardee continues to fill the columns
of his organ with frantic appeals for a
solid delegation, pleading with Davis in
one column to consent to such a plan,
and scolding at him in the next for not
doing so. Air. Davis would admit him
self to be a veritable infant at the game
were he to agree to any such proposi
tion. Aside from Pardee's underhanded
attacks on Davis, there are many reasons
why the latter gentleman should not con
sent to any such arrangement. In the
first place, in view of the promised as
sistance of the Buckley-Maguire high
binder tong at the primary Saturday, it
is reasonably certain that Pardee will
control fully half of the delegation, if
he does not capture a substantial ma
jority.
His men from Alameda County will rep
resent the sum total of his strength In
the convention, for The Call's canvass of
editorial opinions throughout the State
has convinced even Pardee himself that
he will not go into the convention with
any supporters outside of his own coun
ty. But were Davis to consent to the
unit rule, Pardee, having a majority,
would be enabled to go to Sacramento
with a solid delegation from home, and
this would give him a prestige that
might be of great value, for by trading
on other offices it would be possible for
him to gain enough outside support to
give him the nomination now or at least
tie it up for him four years nonce.
On the other hand. Davis will have a
considerable following from the outside
at the very start, and every delegate he
takes from this county and elsewhere n-ill
stand by him to the last. But were he
to go to Sacrami-nto without a single
delegate from home, he would never cut
any figure in the proceedings. As it is,
after Pardee's friends have performed
their duty by giving him the vote on
the first ballot and the doctor is con
vinced that ho is only a joke, they will
be free to vote as they choose, for it is
highly improbable that they will allow
themselves to be sold out to Brown by
Pardee, with Davis in the running. So,
although the doctor may fret and plead
to his heart's content, he will not have
the solid delegation, and he will not ma
the nomination. His friends admit th;tt.
The election of delegates to the Demo
cratic State Convention will be held to
morrow afternoon and evening, and the
pastoral picture is promised for exhibi
tion of fusion Populists participating in
Democratic primaries.
How beautiful! How touching! How
sweet !
In the old days of Buckley and Higgins
San Francisco was frequently treated to
the spectacle of the "Rockrollers" dipping
into the "Lambs' " pie, and vice versa;
but who could imagine anything so ex
tremely humorous as a flock of "Pops"
swooping clown on a Democratic feast?
Yet this is what is promised, and it is
likely the same thing would have oc
curred in San Francisco had not
"the McNrli" swallowed the whole
apple himself. The boast was made
in the fusion convention at Sacramento
that they wouid have a perfect right
to do so, and it seems as though their
claim is valid. About all that is neces
sary to entitle one to sign the Democratic
roll lure is to pledge that tho signer voted
for Bryan two years ago — if he had a vote
then— and ->vill vote the Democratic ticket
this fall. As the Populists— or the fusion
branch— are qualified to t;ike that pledge,
there Is no good reason why they should
not help out.
There Is no likelihood of there being any
serious contest. Maguire is looked upon
here aa the only possibility under the cir
cumstances, but there is a firm determi
nation to protest against the McNab-
Gould-Alfor.i steal of Ban Francisco, and
the delegation from this county may be
safely counted on to Stand in with the
move to oust the delegation from across
the bay.
PLANNED BY PARDEE.
The Incidents of a Little Inde-
pendent Movement in
Alameda Town.
A few day ago independent Republicans
of the town of Alameda were gently
sounded to ascertain if they were ready to
ko into a little movement outside of the
regular order of politics to have certain
Influential men sent to the State conven
tlon. It was soon whispered around that
this man had been consulted and that
man Ignored, and so a little circle was
kept guessing as to the true inwardness
of the projected plan.
Tuesday afternoon the projectors of the
independent scheme passed the word
around that a meeting would be held in
the basement back room of Harmony Hall
that night. When the time came the
usual formality of electing officers of the
meeting was not neglected, but it was ob
vious that the organization was merely
perfunctory. Some speeches were made
and some statistics were presented show
ing the size and strength of Alameda
County, as compared wun the insignifi
cance of Alameda fn the administration of
State artairs, but the real purpose of the
meeting was not disclosed until a tiny*"
ticket, an inch and a half long and one
inch wide, containing the names of nine
Pardee Independents, was presented.
There was no space on the ticket to insert
names in lieu of those on the printed list
and so the programme was nicely execut
ed. Among the names on the ticket are
those of Ralph Hamlin, Dr. Tisdale. Jo
seph Langtree Brooks Jr.. and Harry
Tank. E. K. Taylor called the ticket "Dr.
Tisdale's medicine," and agreed to take it.
Influential citizens who were not consult
ed about the meeting and who attended
without the formality of an invitation
call It the "typhoid-pneumonia ticket."
Democratic Delegates.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 10.— At a meeting of
the Alameda Democratic Club last even
ing the following named gentlemen were
selected as candidates for delegates to
the State convention: T. C. Stoddard, F.
S. Crandall. John O'Brien. M. F. Tarpey,
F. W. Vugt and J. H. Haltan. It is un
derstood that the entire delegation is for
Maguire, and that there is a pronounced
sentiment on the part of some of them at
least against admitting any San Fran
cisco delegates who are not elected at
primaries.
Davis Meeting Last Evening.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 10.— There was a
good-sized audience last evening at the
meeting called to indorse the candidacy
of W. R. Davis for Governor. A brass
band aided in gathering an audience, and
many ladies were present. Mr. Davis was
the principal speaker of the evening and
took occasion to deny that he had ever
made any statement that he would abide
by the decision of the majority and sup
port whichever candidate developed the
most strength in the county.
Clark Must Hang.
The days of George "W. Clark, the Kapa
murderer, are numbereu, for the Supreme
Court yesterday affirmed the judgment of
the lower court, which was tnat he should
he hanged for his crime. From all ap
pearances the attorneys for the con
demned man abandoned tne ease, for all
they did was to tile the appeal without
making any points. Thus there was
nothing to guide the higher court but the
records, and no errors were found. The
crime for which Clark is to hang is one
of the most revolting in the history of the
State. He deliberately killed his brother
in order that he might have possession of
the brother's wife. The woman and the
scoundrel had been deceiving the victim
for year?.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"AT SLOABE'S"
Until further notice we offer to close
a large" assortment of Drapery Silks,
Upholstery Goods, etc., at absolutely
less than the manufacturer's cost.
For example:
Large line of INDIA SILKS, suit-
able for Sofa Pillows . and
Draperies.
TO CLOSE at one-half regular value.
PORTIERES.
25 patterns of Portieres in odd
lots. «
TO CLOSE at one-half regular value.
During this sale we offer a large line
of Irish Point and Nottingham Lace
Curtains, in exclusively high-class ef-
fects, at prices lower than can be ob-
tained elsewhere.
IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3%
yards, full width,
Regular price $4 00
TO CLOSE AT... .52 75
FOHjHiDAY ONLY.
250 SOFA PILLOWS,
Sold elsewhere at — $1 00 each
SPECIAL PRICE ....50c each
100 SOFA PILLOWS, down filled, silk
covered.
Regular price. $2 50 each
SPECIAL PRICE.. $1 25 each
1000 SMYRNA RUGS, size 2 feet 6
inches by 5 feet.
TO CLOSE AT $1 50 each
W, &J. SLOANE & GO,,
CARPETS, FURNITURE, UPHOLST2RT,
641-647 Market St.,
San Francisco.
MUM 1 DLVCftV ENGINEER AND AT-
Juilrl A- DtrljUll! TORNE"S -608 Montgom-
ery st., San -" Francisco, Cat Land scrip
for sale. Surveyed and unsurveyed lands lo-
cated and patents seAired anywhere in the
United States without settlement. Timber and
grazing lands bought and sold. I represent
specially cases arising before the Internal Rev-
enue and Treasury Departments. Also cases
arising under the reflations governing the
tariff and trade of the Hawaiian and Philip-
pine Islands, and the war revenue law. M>
business will have the attention of eminent
Washington attorneys.
The Grandest Toilet Combination known for
the skin and complexion is Woodbury's Facial
Soap, Facial Cream and Facial Powder. The
daily use of these articles will protect a fair
complexion and cure a bad skin. Sold every-
where.
t visit DR. JORDAN'S <*«*'
etgjL Museum of Anatomy
I ppa\ JCSIKA2SS7 ST. bet. GtU 7th, S.F.CaL
a ft fl The Largest of its kind Id
iSsP*l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IVnKJy ron«ulia:loa free. TV rite for lack
vl I Philosophy of Marriage.
A & HAILED FREr.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
-*-O-»-O -»-0 ♦O -♦■ O ♦O ♦ O ■♦■ O ♦ O+-04-O-+O*-
o; : •■■>.-■ ■ o
I Attractive j
I Bargains ! I
? - 1
o 1
; Undeniably the Greatest I
I Values Ever Offered. ♦
- I
I DRESS !
1 DEPARTMENT ! |
>■ . — ♦
♦ This available opportunity °
° should be eagerly seized. The o
o styles are up to date and the £
£ fabrics of the highest class. ♦
o o
♦ OK /-> 52 /pieces 3- -inch FANCY ♦
O !£OC MIXED COVERT SUITING. O
♦ former price 50c a yard, will be I
O placed on sale at 2Sc a yard. £
O CHX.r' 4 " pieces 44-inch FRENCH ♦
? ZiOQ NOVELTY SUITING, shaded O
■ effects, extra value for .ac a +
0 yard, will be placed on sale at o
♦ 25c a yard. ♦
O o
♦ Or*/- 32 P l *** 3; - - h BOURETTE ~
O 25UL' SUITING, in green only, worth z.
4 60c a yard, on special sale at **
O 20c a yard. . T
A . V
O OCT/-> 29 pieces 3«-ineh SILK AND ♦
♦ O&C WOOL FRENCH SUITING, O
O - bright colorings, former price %l .+
a a yard, will be placed on spe- o
o clal sale at 35c a yard. ♦
X (— '/ A _88 pieces ,'2-inch ALL-WOOL 4.
0 OUC COVERT SUITING, good value Q
♦ for $1 25 a yard, on special sale x
O at 50c a yard. '> O
1 — "To '"-'°
I FURNISHINGS! I
O , . ♦:
♦ We no longer consider the o
? cost, our desire being to clear £
o out all ODDS AND BROKEN ♦
♦ LOTS, so the unsold portion ■+
♦ goes on . sale at ONE-HALF O
? actual cost. o
° CA/>MEN"S NATURAL GRAY . £
♦ OUW SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, ex- ±
O tra heavy and medium weight, X
♦ . close at 50c each. V
♦ rre« 'men's NATURAL gray O
Z iDC AND CAMEL HAIR SHIRTS ♦
V AND DRAWERS, extra heavy O
♦ and medium weight, to close at *
O 75c each. q
O dri Art MEN'S NATURAL GRAY I
4 © I •"" AND CAMEL HAIR SHIRTS V
J. AND DRAWERS, splendid ♦
0 value for more than double <£
♦ the amount, to close at $1 ▼
P each. °
▼ ■■■—-■ '
o a
2 l/if Murphy Building:. 'Jr-_ o
I Marie! M Jones Streets. J
-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O^-O'*-O'*-O-*-O-*-O-¥-
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1597, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
! 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $74,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 434,410 00
Cash in company's office 1.463 63
Cash in banks..: 116,413 55
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans . : ; •••••• 4,400 07
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages .: 574 67
Premiums in due course of collection. 194,3i9 10
Total assets .$795.941 M
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,11133
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense 37.456 £2
Losses resisted, including expenses — 3,000 00 ;
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $3i»2,75l 77; reinsur- "
♦ ance 50 per ami\ 196,395 88
dross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $189,652 54; rein- _
surance pro rata 109,048 4.>
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 2.42S 33
All other demands against • the com-
pany , • 8S ' ?'32? ' 32 °'
Total liabilities $419.308 78
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums '■ $439,55S 98
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages • 2,713 02
Received for Interest and dividends on ■
bnnds, stocks, loans and from all
other sources '.. 16,199 00
Received for remittance from home
office 10,000 00
Total income $468,:»01 00 ■
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $27,713 53 losses of previous '
years) • $207,616 84
Paid or allowed-, for commission- or I
brokerage • 131.129 66
Paid ' for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 5.110 09
Paid for State, national and local "
taxes 2,593 01
All other payments and expenditures. 13,340 81
Total expenditures .$359,751 4*
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $222,066 £> :
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*
, I m
Net amount of risks .
written during the year $49,658,877 $665,715 M
Net amount of risks ex- .
pired during the year.. 41833.075 563.740 19
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597..... . 44.113,656 582,444 «1
ADOLPH LOEB, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of March, IS9S. .MARK A. FOOTE.
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
WALTER. SPBYER,
225 Sansome Street, S.F.,
General Agent for the Pacific Coast. ■
\A/» X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, til California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
56
'..THURSDAY AUGUST n, 1898
t " '
: .--• JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
• Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»., S. P.
... •. Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
'.-.•■ . Telephone Main 1874.
: fHE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! It
' served by carriers In this city and surrounding town*
• for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year: per montb
'■■• €5 cents. __^____
THE WEEKLY CALL .....One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
• HEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS, World Building
; .. •■"' DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
"WASHINGTON (D. C.) office Ri£*« Hoom
V- C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
' CHICAGO OFFICE Mar-quette Balldiaft
; ' C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open untU
•' '. '9:30 o'clooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
• O'clock- 610 Lar^ln street, open urjtll 9:30 o'clock.
• " .. 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251$
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
'."•;■ street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
: . . until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-»«cond an«
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock. j
..• .' AMUSEMENTS.
• ' Co lurr.M.l— "His Absent Boy."
.v ■ A]cazar--'Camlllo " ""%-
Moroeco'B— "The Cherry Pickers ■"
." TlvoM— "Faust '
!••. Orphewn- Vaudeville.
"• ' The Chutes— Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
' • ; Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties
.7. fcmro's Baths— Swimming.
... El Campo— Music, danolnsr.boritlnir, fishing, every Sunday.
:. State Fair— Sacramento. September 5.
• ■ Garden Party and Fete— At Crocker's residence, San Matoo,
.Saturday, August la.
AUCTION SALt-ii.
■ . By G. 11. Umbften & Co. — Monoay. August 15. Real Estate, at
■'M Monißomery btreet, a; 12 o clock. . \; -'. ;
OUR LOCAL BUNSBY.
IN the language first used to account for the stir at
the Hoffman House on the arrival of Mr. Moses
•. tuinst — "Maguire has came." Having "came," he
spoke, of course. 1 1 is speech was barren of reference
;to the Chicago platform, 16 to I, and government by
.injunction. Of course it was sumptuous in its treat
■jiient of the railroad issue, and was incidentally de
voted to attacking Senator Morgan for "yielding to
. corporate influence" in his support of Mr. Hunting-
Eton's funding bill. Loud and Barham were also
.mildly roasted, but the Judge failed to explain why
"he sat stiil and omitted the one objection, which, as
".explained by Senator Perkins, would have beaten the
.'jneasure. Perhaps the Judge wanted it passed in or
der to have a grievance that would be useful to him
and his daily organ, the Examiner.
When he came to speak of the proposed colonial
.policy, however, the Judge rose to the full height of
Bunsby. He said: "What shall be done with these
islands ultimately I am not prepared to say. but this
I do say concerning them, that they should be dis
.posed of according to the best interests of our coun
try, limited only by the consideration of the rights of
the people of the several possessions, rights that our
country recognizes and accords to all, at home or
abroad. In the settlement of the^e questions those
interests alone shall be considered, and respecting the
rights of the people there those questions shall be
settled according to our final judgment of what is the
best interest of our own country, without foreign in
terference."
There you have it. We are first to seek our inter
ests, limited by the rights of the people we conquest.
Then we are to settle the matter by considering these
interests ( the rights of the conquested) alone. Then
we are to settle it all according to our final judgment
of what is the best interest of our country, regardless
of any limitation by the rights of the conquested.
This enables the Judge to hit the settlement or
mrs< it. He carefully omitted what the people expect
of all public men now, an expression of his own
opinion of what the interests of this country are and
what the rights of the conquested. He avoided saying
whether he thinks the people of this conquested ter
ritory shall be made members of our body politic, be
.come our fellow citizens and enjoy our franchise, and
through it representation in our Government; or
whether they shall be excluded from our body politic
. and that we shall pay the cost of governing them;
or whether we shall tax that cost to them and deny
.'•to them representation. Upon this burning question
he was silent while pretending to speak.
. After shuffling off this fine coil of meaningless
.words he plunged up to his I's into the railroad issue,
omitting to explain his failure to enter the parliamen
. tary objection that would have killed the funding bill.
• He indicated a wild desire for railroad competition.
He mourned that under the funding bill the people
of California are to be oppressed by Mr. Hunting
don "until they either build a competing railroad or
secure the building of one by somebody else."
In this connection one is driven to recall the re
cent situation in this State. "Some one else" put up
.the capital, not the Maguireans, and built a competing
line which ends "the dominion" of Mr. Huntington
in that productive area where it had been most gall
• ing. No sooner had this competition been secured
. than Judge Maguire's daily organ, the Examiner, be
•.gan libeling the projector of this competing road,
whose credit and capital had made its construction
■ possible. The Judge's organ treated this gentleman
on a more libelous level than it had attacked Hun
tington upon, with the result that Maguire's friend,
Hearst, is exiled from California and dare not show
himself in the State for fear of punishment for his
low libels against the projector of competition to
Huntington.
In the closing sentence of his speech the Judge
brilliantly illustrated the illogical and contradictory
character of his mind. He said: "In my opinion
public operation of railroads is not necessary, and
under the Democratic idea it is not proper, unless it
is necessary to destroy the monopoly, but it must be
done if the Government is to preserve its indepen
<!rnce of corporate dominion. It must be done if the
people are to maintain the rights which alone can
seciire to them individual freedom."
We leave the Judge to explain why a thing that is
not necessary must be done.
Some foreign writers seem to believe there is
trouble in store in the Philippines for Americans.
But they will find that the Americans are generous.
That trouble will be distributed so that anybody in
the vicinity may have a share.
Senator Thnrston of Nebraska declares a disbe
lief in the sincerity of the Spanish. Possibly he also
believes that the world is round.
•• Among the possible peace preliminaries the neces
sity for licking the Spanish some more may be dis
cerned by the observant.
IS THIS fl "REPUBLICAN YEOR?"
IF one were to judge from the large number of
dead men and respectable colored canines who
have been "prominently mentioned" for the highest
office in the State by the intelligent Republicans in
terviewed during the past few days by The Call's
gubernatorial canvassers he would be forced to the
conclusion that the great and overpowering menace
to Republicanism in California is again prevalent this
year.
What, for instance, can be running through the
mind of a human being who deliberately names a
Southern Pacific attorney to lead the Republican
party in the impending fight? What sort of a notion
car. a person have of political conditions who de
clares that a man who has been twice defeated for
Governor is the "strongest" candidate who can be
nominated? These notions, and others that might be
specified, are indubitably the product of over
confidence. There is an idea abroad that this is a
"Republican year" and that even a dead man may be
placed at the head of the ticket with safety. This idea
always presages Republican disaster. Political cam
paigns won in advance are generally lost.
Yet it would be difficult for any one to ascertain
the foundation for this assumption. Has a canvass
of the people been made for the purpose of ascer
taining what they think on the subject or how they
arc going to vote? Is there any fact in the history
o: past campaigns which indicates that the Republican
voters of the State are disposed this year to turn their
government over to the corporations, the yellow dogs
a; il the political bosses?
San Francisco is generally acknowledged to be the
uncertain quantity ot recent political calculations.
Has anybody taken pains to discover whether or no
its people will stand a railroad hack for Governor or
a colored canine for Mayor?
On December 27 last an election for Freeholders
was held in this city, at which 26,163 votes were cast.
On that occasion all the local parties, Democratic,
Republican and Populist, united and nominated a
fusion ticket. The Merchants' Association opposed
this unanimous political movement simply by placing
in the field fifteen ordinary citizens, and they de
feated the fusionists by majorities ranging from 2500
to 3300. Does this indicate that the people of San
Francisco are in any mood to follow the dictation of
;>auy politicians or accept the leadership of a yellow
dog, or a boss tool, simply because he is at the head
of a Republican ticket? How do the Republicans ex
pect to win this year without votes? Do they imagine
that blather about the war and cheers over the
achievements of McKinley, Dewey and the rest are
going to blind the masses to the fact that their real
interests lie in good government, an economical ad
ministration and consequent low taxation?
But how about State partisanship? Is there any
thing in recent history to justify the idea that a dead
man or a railroad hack can with safety be nominated
f;;r Governor this year?
Lei us scan the figures a moment. Two years ago
McKinley carried California by just exactly 1922
plurality. One Bryan elector was chosen, J. W. Mar
tin, who received a plurality of J4B votes. The total
vote cast was 298,691, of which McKinley received
146 688 and Bryan 144,766. San Francisco, a city
which gave Budd (Democrat) in 1896 12,000 plurality,
reunned a plurality for McKinley of 400. Had it
given its normal Democratic majority of about .3000
the President would have lost California and the Leg
islature would have been Democratic. At the same
(.•lection Southern California, which has always sup
ported the Republican ticket with from 6000 to 8000
majority, showed up with a beggarly plurality of 1000
for McKinley, electing t.vo Populist-Democratic
Congressmen over McLachlan and Bowers, the
strongest Republicans in the South. Furthermore,
Maguire carried the Fourth Congressional District
by 8134 plurality and De Vries defeated a "railroad
attorney" in the Second District by 4845.
Do these figures justify the confidence of those who
are now talking about placing at the head of the Re
publican State ticket a man who enjoys the favor of
the Southern Pacific and the political bosses? What
is the use of talking about it? California with a weak
candidate will never be safely Republican again. The
political party which persists in entertaining such an
idea merely falls upon its own sword.
If the convention which meets nt Sac.
ramcnto on the 33d inMt. does not nomi
nate for Governor a man who commands*
the confidence of the people, ho In hit*
person represents honest government,
low taxation, opposition to l>o*« control
and railroad and corporation corrup
tion, its ticket will encounter a political
icel>erjf in IVovemher -which will freeze
it still.
CAMPAIGN PROSPECTS.
rROM the non-partisan and possibly impartial
ground of the District of Columbia, where the
people have no vote, the Washington Post has
been studying the prospects of the approaching cam
paign arc", announces the conclusion that the Demo
cratic vote will exceed that of 1896 in a great many
Congressional districts, and that it is by no means
certain the Republicans will control the House in the
next Congress.
The reasons given in support of this somewhat sur
prising conclusion are that the subsidence of the silver
issue has been followed by a return of the gold Dem
ocrats to their former party, and that with little in
the way of a substantial issue on which to base the
campaign the Democrats of the Eastern States that
have thus far made nominations have exercised great
care to select able men as their standard-bearers, with
the object of making up for the lack of an intel
ligible platform by the personal force and popularity
of their candidates.
How far these conclusions are justified by the situa
tion in the East it is impossible for us to determine
from this distance and at this early stage of the cam
paign. It may be that the gold wing of the party
is returning to its former place in the Democratic
ranks and that the free silver plank has been slaught
ered as a fatted calf in honor of the returning prodi
gal, but if so we have noted no signs or reports of
these things in our Eastern exchanges outside of the
Pest. Moreover, we are equally ignorant on this side
of the continent of the personality of the able stan
dard-bearers who have been nominated to atone for
the lack of a platform. So far as we have heard no
Democrat has yet been put forward for Congress
who if elected will be big enough to cast the shadow
of eclipse over the present Democratic leader of the
House — the statesman who is known to fame as
"Boy Bailey, the teeming bazoo of the Waco school
of thought molders."
Nevertheless the estimate of the Post is not to be
set aside as unworthy of consideration. It may be that
the Washington editor is simply patting the Demo
crats on the back so as to encourage them to battle
and thus enable the District of Columbia people to
have a good fight to watch and bet on this fall. The
chances are, however, that the study of the Post is
more serious, and that we are to have in reality a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
hard struggle to retain in the next Congress the
splendid Republican majority of the present one.
The Call has repeatedly pointed out that in State
politics this is not to be a yellow dog year, and if the
Post is right the same warning may be given with
respect to the Congressional districts. Whether or no
the Democrats are putting their best men forward, the
Republicans must do so. Of the seven Representa
tives from California in the House but three are Re
publicans. We must at least reverse these figures in
the next Congress, and in order to make sure of
doing so we must beware of being over sanguine.
This may be a woodpecker campaign on the part of
the Democrats, but it must be borne in mind that
when the birds are plentiful and diligent they can get
away with the wood by pecking it just as effectively
as by sawing it.
NEWS FROM THE FRONT.
THE shifting scenes of war pass with the rapid
ity of a magic lantern exhibition. A short time
ago the "front" meant Cuba. Now it means
Manila. This possibility was recognized at the time
the first transports laden with troops started from
this city for the Philippines. The Call sent along
men in whose ability and courage it had the utmost
confidence. It is for this reason this paper is now
able to give each morning the latest information
from the islands where Dewey won fame and Merritt
has set up a government of which he is the head.
Among those whom The Call sent was Sol Sher
idan. He had nevej had an actual war experience,
but he had earned a reputation as a thorough jour
nalist, one who recognized the value of news, had the
faculty for expressing it in explicit terms, and who
would not shrink from any danger in his quest for
facts. He was not instructed to seek a post of dan
ger, but he felt that the place for him was where the
boys were fighting, and he was with them on the line
of fire. With modesty, and yet with succinctness, Air.
Sheridan told yesterday of his trying experiences. The
result was that this paper was enabled to print the
best account of the first battle in which California
troops were engaged. He was among the soldiers.
He heard the bullets sing, and he saw the Americans
fall. He was not forced to tell of what had been re
lated to him by stragglers from the front, for he was
there himself.
To boast is not seemly, and we refrain. The news
columns merit laudation, but they do not need it.
They set forth their own story. Sheridan is simply
a correspondent. He did not go with the title of
"special commissioner" nor was he laden with in
structions to Dewey, nor flags wherewith to make
glad the heart of the admiral. He went simply as a
newspaper man, the representative of a newspaper,
and he acquitted himself with honor. The readers oi
daily papers appreciate enterprise. There is no
occasion for calling their attention to it. yet to pay
a passing tribute to Mr. Sheridan for his energy, his
courage and his success cannot be out of place.
WITH a show (if impartiality and fairness the
Chicago Tinfcs-llerahl concedes it is natural
that the California State Board of Trade
should ask for the appointment of a citizen of the
Pacific Coast to the Peace Commission which .
decide upon the future disposition of the Philippines,
but it follows this concession witli the emphatic state
ment that the request should not be granted.
The argument uf our Chicago contemporary is
terse. It says that while the greater part of American
trade with the islands must be carried on through the
Pacific ports, yet as the men who are selected to ar
range for the settlement of the Philippine question
will be confronted by trained diplomats, it is neces
sary that they should be men of marked ability, and
that consideration, it claims, bars out all Commis
sioners from this portion of the L'nion, for it declares,
"There are no great international lawyers on the
Pacific Coast, but the best are all to be found east of
the Rockies.' 1
The arbitrary exclusion of Pacific Coast men from
the diplomatic service of the nation would be an in
jury, but to exclude them on the ground taken by the
Times-Herald would be the addition of insult to in
jury. That a widespread ignorance of Western con
ditions prevails in the East is made evident by the
frequency with which this assumption of superiority
in ability, intellect and learning is put forward by
the people beyond the Rockies. It is an ignorance
that should be dispelled, and one of the best ways to
dispel it is that of giving Pacific Coast men a chance
to demonstrate in a conspicuous field their fitness for
the- highest work.
No man can achieve repute as an international law
yer unless he is intrusted with the performance of
work which affords an opportunity to display his
ability to deal with international questions. It was
thought in the East that we could not build warships
until a contract was given to our shipyards to con
struct several of them, and then it was shown by the
Olympia, the Charleston, the Monterey and the peer
less Oregon that we can surpass competition in that
work.
In the East itself and in recent years there have
been abundant instances to prove that a high order of
ability may exist in men and be unknown to the na
tion at large for years simply because the possessors
have never had an opportunity for its display on a
great occasion. Neither Cleveland's Secretary of State,
Mr. Olneyof Massachusetts, nor the present Secretary,
Mr. Day of Ohio, had any fame as international law
yers before they were tried. There are men on the
Pacific Coast who are just as competent to serve
the nation with distinction in diplomacy as these men
of the East.
There may be good and sufficient reasons why no
member of the Peace Commission should be selected
from this section of the Union, but if so they will be
widely different from that assigned by the pre
sumptuous folks of Chicago. In this -.var California
beat the East in promptness and efficiency in furnish
ing men in response to the President's call for vol
unteers; warships built in San Francisco have sur
passed those of the fleet built in the Eastern yards,
and if a fair opportunity is given we will show that
we are equally capable of matching Eastern men in
maintaining the honor and the interests of the nation
in the fields of statecraft and diplomacy.
As every man has the right to think his own wife
the best in the world, so each State in the Union may
claim to have first sent its National Guard to respond
to the call for troops. And most of them are doing
it. We violate no confidence in saying that all of
them except California are mistaken, but no matter.
There is no surprise in the fact that the Supreme
Court of the State has declared marriages at sea, con
tracted with an express view to beating the law, il
legal. Nobody ever thought they were anything else.
California knew all the time that when the boys of
the First got on the firing line they would give a
good account of themselves.
Aguinaldo is said to be losing popularity, but he
is not losing any with us.
EASTERN ASSURANCE.
DR. CLINTON REPLIES TO FATHER YORKE.
To the Editor of The Call-Sir: The Rev. Father Yorke in to-day's
Call has made many erroneous and misleading statements which, in jus
tice to myseif, I desire to correct. ,
He states that lam the author of the communication signed b> the
board of managers of the Seamen's Friend Society and that-referring to
me— "he is the moving cause in this latest attack on me."
I most emphatically deny both statements.
I am not tho author of the communication and I have never either di
rectly or indirectly attacked the reverend gentleman. e«« A *»«
I had fondly hoped that with the granting of the lease of the , bailors
Home to the Seamen's Friend Society by his honor Mayor Phelan and
the Board of Supervisors, after they had thoroughly investigated us man
agement and found it faultless, the regrettable controvery over it would
cease. But it was not to be so. , , . . __
In a recent number of the Monitor the subject was again brought up
and again the management of the Sailors Home was attacked. This last
straw" was probably' the immediate cause which moved the board of that
institution to defend themselves In the manner they did before the board
of Supervisors. , ■,
Father Yorke has repeatedly and without just cause aspersed my good
name. The epithets which ho has so lavishly applied to me I pass without
comment, save to say I yield to no man in my love of fair play and in
my hatred of injustice. ,„ , , *v . *
This i can truthfully say, and I believe the people will indorse the state
ment, that I have, according to my light and a conscientious sense of
duty, ever striven, as a public servant to do my whole duty by the whole
people of San Francisco.
Father Yorke is a minister of God and T am loth to believ- that he
has knowlnj '- borne false witness against me, :"- neighbor and friend. In
charity I forgive him the great wrong he has done me and I pray that He
who reads the hearts of all men may forgive him. C. A. CLI>«TO.N.
THE EFFECT OF THE WAR ON POLITICAL ORGANIZATIONS
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: A question frequently
asked is the probable effect of the war with Spain upon political organiza
tions. This is a hard question to answer. The war and its probable con
sequences constitute but one factor in the co-ordinated events through
which parties are to be readjusted. That a readjustment if inevitable, I
firmly believe. The Federals and the Republicans of our early history, the
Democrats and the Whigs, and their successors, the Democrats and the
later Republicans, until within a few years ago were divided by distinct
issues upon which great statesmen brought to bear the pressure of their
intelligence and their patriotism. But, in recent years, while the average
standard of our population has been raised, the real intellect of the coun
try has been largely diverted to the army and navy, to the other learned
professions, and to the numerous channels of trade, commerce, finance and
literature, and the management of politics has been correspondingly rele
gated to greed, cunning, vanity and corruption. We still have able men in
public life, or our Government would have failed to rise even to the emer
gencies of this war. It is, however, true that intelligence and integrity have
been submerged, and that, in a comprehensive sense. official action
throughout the United States is on a plane far lower than our institutions
and the ma: - of our citizens.
One of the results is that party names have. lost their significance; that
issues are the catchwords of campaigns; and that glittering spoils mainly
stand for principles. Many Democrats in name are essentially Republicans
in fact. Many Republicans in name are essentially Democrats in fact. The
fundamental thought which tends toward centralization in some men and
toward liberalism in others, is lost sight of in a wild scramble for office,
and to-day the people, the real people, who are not in the service of "prac
tical politics," are groping for genuine issues, which will probably be found.
The war may furnish the occasion for the shaping of these issues. The
space I can occupy Ls too limited for elaborate discussion, but it must be
broadly acknowledged, however "the sober second thought" may modify
its influence, that there is a growing sentiment among millions, affected by
superficial enthusiasm for military glory, by a mania for speculation, or by
local, class or individual interests, and who have not yet stopped to reflect,
in favor of such radical changes in our Government and its policy as would
be tantamount to revolution. On the other hand, there are other millions,
ami many of them, less noisy and demonstrative, who adhere to the Amer
ican conception Of our constitutional system, at least to the extent he
•■.led by all parties. In these; facts there ls a basis fur the develop
ment of an issue, definite, exact and deep, upon which the intelligent masses
may be antagonistically arrayed and around which other issues may be
grouped and thus a readjustment of parties effected.
It Is difficult for me to be dispassionate on this subject, which, to my
mind, involves the destiny of the human race. A few words expressive of
my own convictions may not be misplaced. lam a firm believer in the
American system as originally constructed. I believe that as Judaism and
Christianity combined brought irflo the. world that love and fraternity which
are the bond Of peace and of all approaches toward perfection among men,
so Washington and his associates, the statesmen and the soldiers of the
Revo! i the fathers of the republic, formulated and organized the
undying type of government, of which the constitution! as heretofore ex
pounded, la the gospel. And, as any form of religion, no matter how elas
tic Us practical methods, which abandons its creed, must fail, so I believe
that if we abandon our creed and enter into a British policy of conquest,
under the pretext of extending the area of freedom, we will meet with the
Of Rome. Hut I am confident that America will never be converted
Into v lamb and swallowed by the British lion.
Centralization at home and conquest abroad must inevitably result In
imperialism. I care not what the government is named or what its appar
ent form, if it is not limited in its functions and quickly responsive to
the intelligent demands of man exercising and capable of exercising his
own sovereignty it is imptri ' in substance.
If this republic is a failure let the fact be squarely admitted and the
experiment abandoned. If it is not a failure then keep it on the founda
tion of the constitution. I hold that it is the most majestic triumph of
all history. But, for many reasons, the mere enumeration of which would
outrun my space, there has to be and there will be I contest between those
who work, consciously or unconsciously, for revolution and away from the
American ideal and those who feel and know that true progress, the pro
gress of life, energy, brains, education and system, is a growth of which
the motive power is immutable principle.
It is often but falsely suggested that the constitution, instead of sup
plying a force for unlimited expansion, was a sheet too narrow to cover
a great nation, and that Washington, in his farewell message, spoke for
a juvenile community and that his utterances, which have been the texts
of thp deepest thinkers of modern ttmes, were full of wisdom for his gen
eration, but had no application to a continental re^ablic stretching out in
all directions for trade, for commerce and for tinancial relations and, be
fore it is a century and a half old, finding it necefsary, with greater re
sources and with a sparser population to tho square mile than any other
civilized nation, to preserve internal peace by external outlet, for insub
ordinate energy.
I wish here deliberately to repudiate these and all similar propositions.
They are assumptions and delusions and not arguments, and they are
fraught with dangers at which humanity itself might well shudder. The
Declaration of Independence is an epitome of the eternal truths essential
to the welfare of man on thi3 earth. The constitution poured those truths
into channels as deep and as permanent as time, and capable of fertilizing
the human race as the Nile fertilizes thj wastes of Egypt. Washington
lived and wrote for nl! ages. And the dwarfs and pygmies who would re
verse this history, which is the natural womb of future humanity in its
most perfect form, in my opinion, have not reckoned with the American
people, as they will discover through the coming alignment of parties.
Thus, in compress) d sentences, I have endeavored to answer the ques
tion Which Las furnished my theme, and, in doing so, it w..s inevitable
that I should convey my individual ideas. So far as this State is concerned
I hope that our coming Governor may be a man of breadth and character,
better versed in our institutions, our business, our history and our re
sources than in "practical politics," and prepared, not to provoko and main
tain constant turmoil and controversy, but to co-operate with every man
and with evf t organization ready to work for our internal advancement
and for thp steady accumulation of the most fruitful and assimilating
elements of population. PUBLICOLA.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POWER OF ATTORNEY— It S., City.
There is nothlnß in the law to inhibit a
person from taking the power of attor
ney of any numhor Of individuals for
the purpose of locating mining claims for
such individuals.
NEW YORK TO I.TVERPOOLr-Old
Salt, City. The best tirnp by a sailing
v <••) from New York to Liverpool was
made by the Red Jackot, in IS'4. The time
from Hook to bar at Liverpool was thir
teen days, one hour and twenty-five min
utes.
A GOVERNMENT PUBLICATION— J.
S., City. The report. "The Nutritive
Value of Food," hy Professor Atwater,
is a Government publication, and may b€
had hy addressing a communication to
the Government Printing Office, Wash
ington, D. C. The work if on file at the
San Francisco Free Library.
STRAITS OF LE MAIRE — J. P. 8.,
City. The straits of Le Maire are be
tween Tierra del Fuego and Staten Isl
and, in 54 degrees 40 minutes south and
65 degrees west. The breadth is from fif
teen to eighteen miles. Vessels pass
through the straits. The tidal current
is regular and will assist vessels if taken
at the right time.
NAVAL ACADEMY— F. M. 8., City.
Candidates at the time of examination for
admission into the naval academy at
Annapolis must not be under 15 nor over
20 years of age and physically sound, well
formed and of robust condition. They
enter the academy immediately after
passing the prescribed examination and
are required to sign articles binding
themselves to serve in the United Slates
navy eight years (Including the time of
probation at the naval academy) unless
sooner discharged.
AEOLIAN HARP— G. M. S.. Emery
ville, Cal. The Aeolian harp is usually
three feet long, live Inches broad and
three inches deep, of pine, with beech
ends for insertion of the tuning or hitch
pins with two narmw bridges of hard
wood over which a dozen small catgut
or first fiddle strings arc stretched. These
are tuned in the most exact unison pos
sible, or the beats caused by their dif
ference would be disagreeable. The ten
sion should be low; in other words the
strings should be rather slack.
ESTRAYS— C. R., Oakland, Cal. This
department has not the space to give in
full the lnw of California in reparrt to
estrays. The substance of that law Is
that every resident householder in any
county of the State on finding any es
tray horse, mare, jack or jennet, or any
neat cattle, sheep, goat, or any number
of such animals, upon his farm or prem
ises, who shall desire to take up the
same, shall go before a Justice in the
township, or of the adjoining one, and
make affidavit that he has made diligent
search for the owner, and that he has
put up a notice in the most public places.
He shall also give the marks <>n the ani
mal or animals. The law then provides
that if not called for in ?lx months the
property, if of less value than lion, shall
be sold by the constable of th. town
ship; if of the value of more than $100
then a longer period must elapse. Then
the law provides for the distribution of
the proceeds of the sale. The law in
full is to be found on page 386 of the laws
of 18G3. .
A FARMEB HAPPY.
I ain't no pollticianer,
But I resent them jokes
They've been a-makln, near an' fur,
About plain country folks.
A lot of 'cuto remarks they spread,
But I could let "em pass
Without no comment till they said
That I was "green as grass."
It ain't so long since manner? rude
An' discontent was bred
By diplomats who wasn't shrewd
In what they did an' said.
As hlst'ry your attention claims,
Jes' glance from leaf to leaf'
An' note the highfalutin' names
Whose owners come to grief.
At last the farmer's time is here,
We listen and are gay,
While England and this country cheer
A man whose name is "Hay."
—Dirk Varrick.
NAVAL SUPEEJOHITY.
It was expected that the war between
the United States and Spain would fu--
nish a practical test of many modern de
velopments in naval construction »nd ar
mament and Its beginning was watched
with much Interest on this account by
students and critics of naval wirfar-3. As
time went on it became apparent that
the test would not be satisfactory, and
after two months of remarkaole experi
ence we can aay that this war his dem
onstrated one thing and one thing only,
that the value of the modern armaments,
quite as much as of the old, depends jpon
the use that is made of them.
The Spanish navy was not ill-matched
to ours and we supposed that It was go
ing to give us trouble. But the Spaniards
have made such poor use of their ships
and machinery and have shown such lit
tle idea of gunnery that there has been
no actual test of one type of vessel
against another or of guns, projectiles,
armor, torpedoes or other appliances. It
would be absurd to assume, for example,
because the Gloucester demolished the
Furor, that a pleasure yacht with small
guns is superior to a torpedo-boat de
stroyer. But a pleasure yacht well com
manded and manned by good sailors and
gunners will outclass a much more for
midable craft if those <>n board the latMr
do not know what to do with it.
Neither at Manila nor at Santiago was
the astounding victory won by the su
periority of craft. It was won mainly by
superiority of discipline. Dewey and
Montljo were not unequally matched, but
Dewey found hia opponent unpr
and Incapable of making an effective do-
On the other hand, when < -
out from S he found every
American ship on the alert and instantly
every American run was trained upon the
fleeing Spaniards with destructive effect.
while the Spanish shots fell harmless in
the sea. M ,
This is the one great lesson of the war.
the incomparable value of discipline— not
the subser ignorance to arbi
trary command, but the Intelligent and
willing obedience of members of a great
organisation, which acts in every nart
with the united strength of the whole.—
Philadelphia Press.
A PIECE OF ENTEEPRISE.
The Call did a splendid piece of work
this morning in making a canvass of
the newspaper editors of the interior of
the State with regard to the standing
of the different gubernatorial candi
dates. This canvass serves to clear
away a great deal of the mist and un
certainty of the contest and crystallizes
the facts with regard to the different
aspirants. Tho figures are given else
where and readers can draw their own
conclusions. They are worthy of close
and careful study. The Call is entitled
to the credit rt one of the best pieces
of enterprise seen in the local field for
many a day. — Alameda Encinal.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. Tj. P. Hall of Dlxon Is at the Grand.
Dr. A. E. Osborne of Eldridge is at the
Grand.
Dr. L. O. Cory of Fresno is at the
Grand.
t'.. \V. crystal, a merchant of Vacavilla,
is at the Grand.
A. P. Fraser. a banker of Stockton, la
at the Occidental.
The Vicomte and Vicomtess d'Audlgne
are at the Occidental.
A. Gonsaler and J. C. Gonsaler of Guate
mala, are at the Occidental.
Ex-Governor J. S. Hogg and daughter of
Austin, Texas, are at the Palace.
Charles T. Manning, a big coffee plant
er of Guatemala, Is at the Palace.
Reginald W. Truman of the Iron Moun
tan mine, near Keswick, is at the Palace.
Philip Ghautz and S. Solomon, mer
chants of Portland, Oregon, are at the
Rubs.
Edgar Battle, the United States Consul
at Acapulco, arrived yesterday and is at
the Occidental.
K. Hockmeyer, E. Cramer and 11.
arrived from Guatemala yesterday and
are at the Palace.
A. P. Field and E. Gau.se, miners from
Dawßoti, arrived nt the Ross yesterday
with their little pile.
Captain Dougherty and wife arrived
yesterday from the Hoopa Valley ret
tion and are at the Occidental;
C. B. Alexander and Mrs. AVx.r
X' w Fork have returned from a visit to
Del Monte and are at the Palace.
J. T. Hamilton and Thomas Marshall of
Pittsburgh who have ie iron con
tract for the new postoffice building, are
at the Occidental.
F. Van Wagner of Seattle and J. o.
I of San Jose returned from the
Klondike yesterday. Hesterwood ts one
of the pioneers of the Klondike and has
a fortune to show for his enterprise and
energy.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— Mrs. I. S.
Llghtfoot of San Francisco is at the St.
James; J. K. Blanchard of San Francisco
is at the Metropolitan,
Hostile to Shrimps and Peewees.
San Francisco, Aug. :>. 1898,
Editor Call: If the Republicans mini-
Inati [rving M. Scott for Governor he will
be elected by an overwhelming majority.
If the Republicans nominate any of the
cB — such as Kllert or Gage, or tho
Alameda political shrimps— either one of
them— Maguire will be tumbled into the
gubernatorial chair by a tremendous vote
of the all-s >rts.
A word to tho wise irom a common day
laborer.
JOHN M. DOW, 901 York street.
Cal. glace fruit 500 per lb at Townsend's.*
He— Why that sigh, dearest?
She— l was Just thinking that suppose
you went to war and —
He (giving her a reassuring squeeze)—
And got killed.
She— No! Not that! Suppose you
i go to war and lose both your
arms? (w< eps).— Puck.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), nlO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10(2. •
Milkman— You must !>♦■ a very immoral
man, sir, or you'd never kick about the
milk 1 serve.
customer— What's that?
Milkman— Aren't we taught that to the
pure all things are pur< •?— Puck.
To Portland and Return $20 First-
Class.
Account Pacific roast Dental Congruss, By o.
. N. Co.*fl steamer, sailing August IS.
Inquire at 638 Market - •
Dewey is a tern] and knows what
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters did to brace
him up at Manila.
New store, new g is, low rriops, evprythin*
up to date. .T. Smith, the tailor. Mfl Market St.
"I am afraid this growing craze for
golf is going to have a marked influence
upon our future politics." observed the
deep thinker, after thinking thoughtfully
for Borne moments. "When a man lias
won about 600 silver cups in the course
of a year it is apt to make him an advo
cate of free coinage."— Harper's Bazar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
lea verier in
the world.
Goes farther.
_ ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK,TAX ON BILLS
OF EXCHANCE
Uncle Sam Not Getting
a Fair Deal.
BIGiBANKERS AND THE LAW
FOREIGN DRAFTS ARE STAMPED
TO. THE REQUIREMENTS.
-.Federal Officers to Make Inquiry
Along California, Pine and
. •. . .'■' Sansome Streets for
;. ■ .-. Evidence.
■ jt" IS common talk in commercial circles
: the banks :
Rr.- placing a construction on the law rt-1- '
I a i ills of
• age that ls not fair ivern
ition of the law is one
;'.that mii-y engage th< :' the Fed
.. ' Tho' - ]:i.'.v mak Unction be
' ' ■ ;■■;■ . fts. A 2
cefti. sta. . tor a
,eh.o - cK <if- any "amount payable in the Uni-
Ltedi States, but on a foreign bill of .ex
.-.chap.-ge- the tax is 4 cents on every $100
lor. fnifitlipn of $100. If the draft be drawn
•. in- ■■.'.-■" a 2-cent stamp for each $100
'^••attached -to .the original and a similar
.-amduK'tHt'tuohed to the duplicate.
'•.•■Rfcoe fitly.' large sums of money have
'.been'- 'transmitted from this city to Lon
efanv, anil -Paris;. In one instance, where
• ••ttler'-arntHHit.was $500, the bank simply at
.■■■t'ajch'ed'. a" 2-cent stamp, explaining that
tJi'ei-trahsaction was simply one of draw
■ "tng •in^ney by check, a.nd therefore the
• .'sum;. o£ IS. cents was saved to the sender i
op'Xb' the bank.
Vfth.o-^ahk- of California makes the dis- ;
' •ttn-etio-nX t'etween foreign and domestic
'Checks-. • "\\"\heri Mr. Alvord was asked con
' cenring. ifce interpretation of the law by I
, 'ius/.ba-rek 'he. said: '"See Mr. Daniels; he
•. wjlj'.' explaih the system." Mr. Daniels '
, : ¥ai£j.: ■■■'The law seems plain that four |
'eon.ts .tax ..must be paid for every $100 of ,
•"exfttan'ec- payable in a foreign country, j
yv.he-ne.' the'-bill is a sole we put on four
■ .•■cents 'fdr'"ea<rh hundred. Where the bill
•'lp;":d:rawn-.in' sets we put on two cents on!
rink- original and two cents on the dupii- j
•cat"d. :- l&ere .is one drawn a few minutes ;
'eUio.e .<>n'' wihch the tax is forty cents.
' The-Jaw is so lain that Ido not see how
■•' lt'caa'-.be. misunderstood." /.:"
•-■A'' majority of the banks recognize the
jdijferen.ce between foreign and domestic
checks 'arid pay the tax accordingly, but
three 'or.- four institutions have decided
■• thilt ■t-ke - Government gets enough when
a\tw-';-c.ent stamp is ainxeu. whether the
mo.iiey is payable abroad or at home, or
-- Iher the- amount be large or small.
<- .. . ..
SOtfS OF EXEMPTS.
An Association That Will Perpetuate
• tiie Organization of Old Fire
••.""■'. ■■■!'•■.•• Fighters.
. ■ 'A number of the sons, of Veteran Fire- j
i-jnfca have -started an organization for the!
. purpose of perpetuating the Exempt or
'jjahisationj which is composed of those :
. :3fd .veteran flre fighters who at the time j
''.'•:f-the disbandment of tlie Volunteers to I
. jiak'e- room for the part-paid department j
.Were"' eligible to membership in that or- j
' 'gra-htEationJ ■ The parent association has '
■■'-Jivi'rwJled down In membership from va-J
•\rious .causes] but principally from death. !
■•'A?s. tije- P^xempts are possessed of many}
": rtfl U's 'that are closely connected with the ;
■ i'krl'y- history of this city, the sons of the j
"• j-kl -"volunteers have concluded that the
. :ijjit; - has come when they should organize I
„ ind'become in the by and by the custodi- j
: in" •- .-vroperty which should not be scat- j
 :ered "here .and there and everywhere.
" •• Ab.o'ut .twenty of these young men met
' Prime ..lime -ago, and after discussing the i
aaatterifor some time decided to organize j
■ Lnd incorporate, and this they have done. !
"naving a few days since received their j
■.•f>FjinTcate- from L. H. Brown, the Secre- !
■■ kir?."" ."of State. The officers of the new j
". iociety.. which is to be known as the Sons '<
• -Vf Ex : empt Fireman, ur»>: L. Q. Graves,;
President; F. Ernest Edwards, vice presi- j
: ie.nt-;- 'A. S. McFurland. secretary, and ;
'At. Figel, treasurer. The following named ;
■;o'mP©se.-the board of directors: William j
P; Humphreys Jr.. P. E. Edwards. W. J. !
. 3'uilfoyle. J. R. Kentz.l, J. iicGrief, W. i
5. McKibbpn and G. W. Smith.
• -The association has appointed a com- j
, jifttee on by-laws, and each member has i
.Seen' appointed a committee of one to I
sral in the city the male descendants of ';
'-..he old volunteers who re still living, !
incl;.of- those who have passed away. The j
;:ornmittee will be pleased to hear from !
-in.}?' y.o.ung- man whose father "ran wid |
■l?r "masheen" in the days of old, at the j
; ?air. of ■ the Exempts at meeting-?, which i
'ire-held on the second and fourth Monday
"Jf e : dch. .month.
.\. Women Neighbors Fight.
Sjy-h.. liar: and Mrs. Paulsen live In
-Stark • moon
and Mrs. Paulsen struck
."item. H;Vrt ■■:; the head with a n<
■ . ' Irs. Hart was taken to the Re
; v.»i'-ri- two wound
-..••r.- stitched and dressed, and
Mrs.- •■• ■ is arrested on ;i
if ■•assault with a deadly weapon.
•: ; ■;;:•;._ V" advertisements.
.•*■■-*•■■s■ + ♦♦*♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
f. ■'■ f.-.V- . '■♦■
: : t:it;fefs to Trade in the Mission, ♦
•■_....: . . i^l ■
■•yt^pk "j*. — - " > 'T*'i i^"i — j ,■ J
>••• BEDROOM SETS. I
V ; ' ■•;. ■ — + .
.£ ; -Furniture that is not pleasing to ♦.
> •the eye is fit for nothing but a barn. +
►: Elegance is one thing, and strength +
■+ fs :another, but there is not the least ♦
■^•reason In the world why the two "*"
':f .should not go together. To say that +
> .a thing" is cheap does not necessarily 4-
.£ "make it cheap. But there is a point + ,
'!;-.. .'0n./ihe down grade of quality where X
h cheapness ceases to be economy. We ♦
;£ nev-er cross this line. ♦
Vr : ;'.'We furnish good Furniture at X
•£ -prices; you pay at other stores for ♦
'£ "c : heap— .OFTEN FOR LESS. ♦
| PATTOSIEN'S, :
'I Cor, 16tti and Mission, t
>f+4- -f ++'>-f-f + ♦ f .-f +4. 4.
DEFENDS HIS COUNTRYMEN
M. Miyokama, Japanese Interpreter, Says
the Yellow Journal Must Retract.
The Wakayama Jin Kai, a Japa; • t is the be
nevolent protection of its members, h;i« been I a morning
yellow journal, that published an artlc ' yama Jin
Kui with being c<_ :: I highbinders and the worst class of Japan
ese.
"It is not true, 1 ' saiil M of the society,
terday, "that there are ai riders or other evil tera in
the s^cict>'. Its rules are such that it would I i .-aeh
persons to become- i Ization, because its by-l&wa
.■ y vlolati >r >f erin i! law."
month thi -ted an article
I iese Con
■ North with a view to
learniiij? the facts.
: ;-:■• a retraction, ;sml unless it does
law will ■ ' for redr< ss.
Of the jealousy
■.'. Ished b i
er In the landing ■ s.who were iiiip<»^ ( ' ! l upoa
ed the im
■u. it It n and there
ters in its organization in this or any other
try."
STOPPED THE FIGHT
IN THE FIFTH ROUND
THE POLICE PREVENT SCHULER
FROM PULVERIZING KING.
Lively Bouts at the San Francisco
Athletic Club Witnessed by
a Large Crowd — Coming
Fistic Events.
Stiff punching and plenty of gore were
seen at the San Francisco A
exhibition last night.
Frank Schuler furnished the punching.
and Jack King the ruby fluid. Fiv
131 3 were fought by both befori
Donovan interposed. King's face
■ 1 a startling transformation. One
.-;. ■ mas cl — d and his nose and cheeks
swelled to twice their normal size.
He was also groaning and puffing, I
the uph. lder of the law, fearing the bout
might have a fatal ending. Interfered.
From the first roun.l Schuler kept at
his man. hammering him about th.
but King pluckily bore it, k< tting Jn a
good blew occasionally. His long suit was
a right uppercut, Kid McCoy's style,
but Schuler became quickly acquainted
with it and block. -d It n An
other peculiar move of King's was his
backing up to the ropes and then getting
a good start for his opponent. ;
proved the better man, but lust many
friends by his habit of forcing King's
I ;tck in the clinches.
"Kid" Maynard and "IJudd" Terry fur
nish'- ' ■ • pr -..rninary
event Both lads stood in the center of
the ring and punched each other to their
heart's content, neither giving ground.
Five rounds of this style of fighting won
them the respect of the crowd, who
chf^rpcl Incessantly. In the last round
they Indulged In some hard right hand
smashes in ihe hope of landing a kn«"-k
low. Each landed mi ny good blows,
 k ti nder 1 pota the '-row!
00," but neither I oy .-truck th
vas. Although a draw was the decision
of Rel ..Win. those familiar
wUh th< pastime thought Terry bad a
shade the best of it. They will soon meet
again.
Interesting three-round bouts were fur
:..- and Eli, Dierks and
McMahon,
Wednesday evening next the Mer
• Atl letic Club will hold their
hly exhibition. Jack Mahon, the
clever representative of th.- club, will
Ed "i:..g-art of the Sacramento Ath
letic (/luh at 12." pounds. Ike Parsons
barley Johnson will also Ugh eight
rounds at 130 pounds.
Senator Teller of Colorado writes
about the dangers of the new trad-2
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
FEAST OF THE ASSUMPTION.
Preparations Being Made in the
Catholic Churches to Com
memorate the Event.
Preparations are being made in the va
rious Catholic churches throughout the
city in anticipation of the Feast of the
Assumption, which will be held with sol
emn ceremony on the 15th of August.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated in
most of the churches in the morning, fol
lowed by special services in the evening.
At St. Ignatius Church a special pro
gramme of music will be rendered by an
augmented choir of fifty voices. A
panegyric on the life of the Virgin will
be delivered by one of the priests of the
Jesuit order, both in the morning at high
mass and at the evening service.
The altars and sanctuary of the church
will be decorated and adorned with flow
era, exotic growths and various bright ef
fects.
The altar of the Virgin will be specially
decorated with white Bermuda lilies, car
nations and various other white flowers,
typifying the virtue and purity of the
Mother of Christ.
The services on the day of the feast
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIITJKSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
will commence at 10:30 o'clock In the
morning and 7:30 o'clock in the even-
Ing.
GREENWALD RELEASED.
Decision That a Prisoner Cannot Be
Held Forever for Non-Payment
of a Fine.
Louis Green wald, chief of the Emerald
gang of opium smugglers, appeared be
fore United States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday morning on a writ of ha
beas corpus, and was released. He had
served his sentence of six years in San
Quentin Penitentiary, less time credits
earned for good behavior, but Warden
Hale refused to discharge him. because in
addition to the six years' imprisonment
the sentence had imposed a line of {6000
with perpetual imprisonment if not paid.
Judge de Haven decided tnat a man
could not be imprisoned legally in a State
penitentiary for the non-payment of a
tine. The fine was collectable by civil
process from the proceeds of any prop
erty owned by the prison*
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm seat
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
HERE ON THEIR HONEYMOON,
EDWIN ROSS LOZIER of a Noted Firm of Bicucle
Makers Tourinu the World With His Bride,
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Ross Cozier of Cleveland, Ohio, arrived here yes
terday on their honeymoon trip around the world.
'111.- firm <>f H. A. Loder & Co., of which the Mr. Lozter now here Is a
member, is the largest manufacturer of bicycles In the world, operating
thre<> distinct plants in America-at o'leveiand, Toronto (Canada) and
• cticut. The v heeJ in very popular on the Pacific Coast, and the firm
has immense Interests both here and in Australia. The fortune of the
Losiera i.s rated in the millions.
Edwin R. Lozic-r visited this coast about two years ago and made many
friends In the trade and around the clubs. The announcement of his mar
riage to a wealthy b^lle of Cleveland on July 21 came as a surprise to his
friends with whom he corresponded here, &s no Intimation of it had leaked
out until the announcement cards arrived. After a tour of the world they
will settle in Cleveland.
CLAIM THEY ARE
OCEAN'S CUPIDS
Captains Say Sea Wed
dings Are Legal.
TAKE ISSUE WITH THE COURT
MANY COUPLES MARRIED OFF
THIS PORT.
Sailing of the British Bark West
York Delayed Because Her
Deck Load Made Her
TTnseaworthy.
Captains of coasting steamers and mas
ters of tugs take issue with the Supreme
Court of California on the question of
marriages "on the high seas." They as
sert that the shipping laws of the United
States make It compulsory for the mas
ter of a vessel to "make an entry" in the
ship's log of "all marriages and deaths"
that occur during the voyage. A mas
ter's certificate of death is accepted, and
why, then, should not a marriage certifi
cate be also accepted?
"Again, the ceremony, in nearly every |
case, of marrying a couple Is performed |
three marine leagues from the shore, and,
therefore, outside the jurisdiction of the
United States," argued an old salt, who
has tied many a "true lover's knot"
in his time. "If .a passenger or a sailor j
dies within three marine leagues of port,"
continued he, "the body is brought ashore
and the Quarantine Officer passes upon j
the case. The only way in which I can
see that Upcle Sam has anything to do
with the case is that the marriage takes
place under the Stars and Strides, and !
that, of course, gives the Federal author!- j
ties power to act, but I don't see what ;
the State courts have to do with it, as the j
marriage took place outside the State."
A great many well-known San Fran
cis* o skippers have performed the mar
riage ceremony "on the hi«h seas," and |
the decision of the Supreme Court was
read with great Interest by them. Cap
tain Alexander of the steamer Santa Rosa
is given the rank of "Archbishop" by the
chaplains of the fleet. Nearly all his j
marriages have been performed during
his steamer's run from San Francisco to
San Diego and vice versa. "Archbishop"
Alexai it is that ninety-:
Dine per cent of marriages performed by i
him have turned out happy ones.
N>xt to Captain Alexander comes Cap- ;
tain Jepsen of the Queen, who ranks as
"Bishop oi Southern California"; Captain
Dan Haskell, now a pilot, but late uf the
-.->, who ranks as "Bishop of
Northern California." and Dan James of
the tug Ida W, who ranks as "Arch
:,." Captain Hall, late of the
steamer Corona, but now master of the
. used to do considerable In the
ng line when he was on tho south
hut since he has been piloting
a to Dyea, Skaguay a:;J St. Michael
he has very few lovesick couples on hia
hands.
The foregoing masters take precedence
i wing to the number of marriages per-
I :■:; i d by them and duly recorded in the
ship's log, but the* following "Chaplains of
the ileet" run them close. Captain Clem
Randall, who succeeded Captain Haskell
aa master of the Fearless, and who is now
a pilot in the Alaskan waters, Captain
"Ike" Smith, master of the tug Bea
Queen; Captain "Dan" Thompson of the
rge Harvey of the
Liberty, Captain "Oil Brokau of the Re
«taln John SUovivh of the Alert,
Captain Henry Peterson of t lie Amy, and
r Tltchworth Of the Ant:ie. Besides
a number of marriages were per
formed on the gasoline launches Hettie B
lere, but these boats also went
: the three marine league limit be
fore their masters performed the marriage
my.
It. is safe to say that during the last
five years over five hundred of these tug
bout marriages have taken place on the
high seas, and the chaplains of the fleet
think It is very hard linos for the Supreme
t to come in at this iate day and M.y
the whole thing was worse than a farce.
The steamer San Juan arrived from
. m;i .':• 1 way ports yesterday. The
ra knew very little about the war in
mala. In fact they would nut have
known that a revolution wn.s in progress
had it not been for tho fact that 32." s !
:!•!>■ took passage on the steamer at Sun
latemala for Cbamperico. The
Albatross is being got ready as Quickly as
ile to go to the seat of war. Gangs
of men were at work all yesterday
last night coaling and provisioning the
warship, and Flic is expected to get away
y for Guatemala. The crew ar«- all
glad to go and hope to see Borne fighting
even if it is only an annual revolution.
The British hark West York w;>.s loaded
and ready to sail for Sydney, N. S. \\\,
yesterday when tfr* surveyora for the un
derwriters stepped in and stopped her. The
vessel is lumln-r laden and the surveyors
assert that her deckload makes her r'nin
ky and unseaworthy. In consequence the
deckload will have to be discharged before
she can go to sea.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 gutter, r. 6 & 7.
YUKON GOLD
IS MEASURED
Leach of the Mint Says
Five Millions.
THE TALE OF THE NUGGETS
UNCLE SAM GETS ALL THE CAN
ADIAN OUTPUT.
Most of the Klondike Gold Has Been
Weighed and Assayed and the
Results Are Modest
Ones.
The measure of the Klondike gold out
put has been officially taken with what
appears to be a close approximation to the
definite total that will be worked out to
a decisive hgure in the near future.
F. A. L,each, superintendent of the
United States mint in this city, estimates
the output at about $5,000,000 and gives
facts and considerations to back up his es
timate.
This is an enormous shrinkage from
the $15,000,000 and $20,000,000 that have been
promised by all sorts of authorities, and it
Is a big falling off from the newspaper es
timates of recent weeks based on the tales
of returning miners.
Mr. Leach's estimate is the first official
one to be made, bused on the actual meas
urement of gold duet shipped out from
the Yukon region.
Whatever tales and estimates may be
given out by Yukon miners and corre
spondents the fact will remain that the
gold produced in that icy El Dorado will
practically all find its way to the United
States assay offices and mints, where its
amount and origin will be recorded.
Whatever tales and newspaper reports
follow the arrival of each party of re
turning Klondikers, their gold dust will
BOon be weighed and acounted for by
Uncle Sam. Guld dust and nuggets are
raw material which each owner, be It a
prospector, a commercial company or a
punk, promptly turns into drafts or coined
eagles and double eagles.
More than nine- ten tin of the gold from
the north or elsewhere in this country
soon reaches United States mints, which
except for the very small consumption
in the- arts, are the ultimate repositories
of all the raw gold and foreign gold
COme which reach the United States.
The tacts that the Klondike district is
in Canadian territory and that a consid
erable percentage -'i the producers and
shippers of gold dust from there are Ca
nadians ni.iKe no difference. The gold
brought to British < 'olumbia by Canadi
ans and the gold dust bought by banks
in British Columbia practically ail comes
here because this is the. natural market
for it. Tli>- Canadians do better by mar
keting their gold at Seattle or San Fra:i
than they can by paying express
a and exchange to Montreal.
Last year's output of Yukon gold near
ly all reached the San Friuiciaco mint. A
little went to the United Stales assay of
lice at Helena, Montana, suid some went
to the Philadelphia mint. Since then a
United Stales assay office has been opened
at Seattle. Nearly all of the gold which
has arrived this year has tjeen cashed
at Seattle and at San Francisco. Two
thirds of that marketed in San Francisco
has been sold to the Selby Smelting Com
pany and one-third directly to the mint.
That bought by Selby's is at once re
fined and deposited at the mint, so that
the mint receipts include always the Sel
by deposits.
Mr. Leacb stated yesterday that the re
ceipts at the mint here had amounted to
about $1,750,000 s-ince the first arrival of
Yukon gold a few weeks ago. This in
cludes the Selby receipts to date, and is
the amount of Yukon gold which has
come to San F: lie had just re
1 a letter from the superintendent
of the assay office at Seattle reporting
that the receipts there were about the
same amount— sl,7jo,ouo. This accounts
for tg.600.0Q0.
"I estimate," Bald Mr. Leach, "that be
tween $300,000 and $3Pi,jou worth of dust
and nuggets has probably gone East,
either flapped there to be cashed or taken
there by returning miners, who want to
show it as a curiosity. I believe that
nineteen-twentieths of the gold qulckiy
reaches the assay office at Seattle, Sel
ir the Mint here. A good many
iltors have come to the Mint. Our
t single deposit was about $120,000.
From all the information that 1 can gath
er from all sources I believe that less
than $4,000,000 has so far reached this
country. This does not Include Canadian
royalties or dust kept at Dawson for a
circulating medium. Considerable that
has reached us has come from the chan
nels of trade up mere. I estimate that
there is about $1,000,000 more to come from
this season's output. The receipts of
which 1 speak <I<> not include the quartz
mines on the coast. Last spring I report
ed to the department at Washington that
the Yukon oi tput would probably be be
tween $3,000,00^ and $5,000,000."
It was said by other authorities else
where that the dust brought out by the
North American Trading and Transporta
tion Company was sent East and was not
included in Mr. Leach's figures. This
amount might possibly reach $500,000.
From this showing it would appear that
$6 000,000 would be a safe and conserva
tive estimate of the entire Yukon output,
including the American side as well as
the Klondike. ,__*„.
It is Interesting to note that the total
cold bullion receipts at tho Mint in July
w«re the largest in its history. They
were $« 148,«48, or at the rate of nearly
$74 000,000 * year. This included foregn
cons from Australia and Japan, and bul
lion from all sources.
Influences of the war on politics
discussed by prominent people in
next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JARS
AT LESS THAN COST.
Mason Pint Jars, . . 3&z doz
•• Quart Jars, . . 48c doz
•• half Gallon Jars, 67c doz
Extra Big Gifts Free
WITH OUR
New Crop Teas.
QUALITY BEST OBTAINABLE.
PRICES LOWEST IN AMERICA.
great American Importing Jea [o.'s
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
Store Address— Telephone No.
1011 Market street (opp. Powell) — Folsom 101
140 Sixth street Mint 1734
21S Third street Clay 188
506 Kearny street Davis 2£s>
146 Ninth street Mint 1228
KlO Mission street Blue 908
8006 Sixteenth street White 1318
355 Hayrs ftreet Mint HMO
70S Lurkin Itreet Larkln 888
1419 Polk »tr««t Polk 425
ISI9 Dovlsaiiero atroet Soott 703
iimore street Pine 4975
£.2! Montgomery avenge. 1190 Kentucky street.
BBS Mission street.
62 Market street Drumm 25
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington street Blue 773
917 Broadway Red 3684
131 San Pablo avenue White 863
616 East Twelfth street Red 3356
1510 Seventh street Clay 161
1355 Park street, Alameda Ulack SB4
GOODS DELIVERED PROMPTLY.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skirts
We want to introduce our new fall Ladies' fancy changeable Italian cloth
skirts. We want you to know what a underskirts, in black ground, woven with
great variety we have, so have . reduced colored designs and stripes, corded
the price on a few, as that is the quick- flounce, some with ruffles
est way to prove what is an absolute _. am *-\.
fact and get you acquainted with this $^£ e^i 9
season's styles. "^
Ladies' black brocade silk dress skirts, Ladies' colored taffeta silk underskirts,
rich design, latest cut, lined with best dee P corded flounce ; in all the new fall
quality of cotton moreen, regular value shades — turquoise, new blue and
$8.50, present price green
$5.00 5.00
Silk Waists Dressing Sacques
Ladies' silk waists in checks and stripes for Ladies' figured flannelette dressing
street and evening wear, latest styles in sacques, in all shades and pretty, attractive
blouse fronts, ?: " v . designs ; stitched with zephyr.
$4.60 SO cents
Columbia kid gloves, Plain or figured eiderdown dressing
Ladies' sizes - - $1.00 sacques in pretty shades of pink, blue and
,'i, i • oc cardinal ; trimmed with braided ornaments,
Children seizes - .85 stitched with zephyr.
<All goods on sale at both stores. 9O CSIItS
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 Post Street. 1220-1222-1224 Market Street.
LAST SAILING JTHIS SEASON!
DAWSON CITY
—AND—
All Yukon River Points.
Direct Connection via ST. MICHAEL.
RIVER FLEET NOW IN OPERATION.
Elegant Steel Steamship
LEELANAW, £,
Sailing FRIDAY, Aug. 12th, 2 P.M.
FROM HOWARD WHARF NO. L
For Freight and Passage Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
Liebes Building. 139 POST ST.
J 1 B*£ R^ NO KNIFE or PAIN
*>y /applpflaS*S>»h No Pa y !r nt " Cured
K__K^?^^f^^M » Any lump in a woman's
tW3BflHn£9[ breast Is cancer. The pot-
fsS^"*&?s**l?}§il * c rj-iicklj roes to »rra-
tJSSia£§^«^rSfe»*. P't. If large It Is too late.
JjiS BP^^fct Men's face and Up a com-
■ i^^ M 1 I cc Page Book sent free
M M ■ IIL M 3 VwltllhundredBV wltllhundred8
\Vj>f^ << T&lertff of honest cures. No FKiCD.
S. R.CHAM! EY, M. 0., 17 & 1 7 THIRD ST.. N'R MARKET ST.
SENDTO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRrrr.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9, 1893.
DR. PIERCE & SON— Gentlemen: Last Oc-
tober, while at Fort Bliss, El Paso, Texas, I
sent for one of your famous "Dr. Pierces Elec-
tric Belts," for Rheumatism, etc., and after
using it only two months my complaints en-
tirely disappeared and I have not been troubled
with any pain or discomfort since. I consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery In ex-
istence, as the electric current Is both powerful
and lasting. I purchased your No. XXX Belt,
and now, after using it several months. It Is
as good as new.
I heartily recommend Dr. Pierces Electric
Belt to all sufferers. Yours gratefully,
JOHN P. ANDERSON,
Co. H. ISth Infantry, U. S. Army.
IE?" Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Pierces.
Write for our new "Bock No. 2.'' which gives
price list and tells all about it, or call on the
F»IE.F*CE ELECTRIC CO.
620 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
d>*> ffc^ OAK op
JpO'^l WALNUT
WOOD MANTEL CLOCKS
8-day hour Strike Cathedral Gong
A good reliable ... »_ >-v
ALARM CLOCK for . • •ill c
A NICKEL WATCH, good' timer ■ $1.60
Mail Orders Filled Promptly.
WILL & FINCK CO,,
820 Market Street.
Zj^ Makers of
£: Dsk EQT
11^ V frmrJG
§pectaclcs*EyeGiassb
nDTiriANS^h apparatus,
UHIIUAINS pHOTp H0T0 GR* scientific
642 Market St. instruments
UNDER CHROMiCIE 8UI1.DIN&. CATALOGUE FRtt.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS j
Is a powerful aphrodlsiae and specific tonic ■
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
B??|i|Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
WJS^^I&S j Five hundred reward for any cass j
***• I* 5 * we cannot cure. This secret remedy
1 '".'.-■■ n stops all losses in 24 hours, cure*
fH7i P&ti, Emissions, Impotency. Varieocels.
WP rrS Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stricture*,
bst LofJ Ix>Ft Manhood and all wasting et-
gSgj |8 fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent :
Wr**-rZT*^ Pealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. iS; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073 Vi Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book
AMUSEMENTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m." I
ADMISSION 10?%X3EUKz CHILDREN 535 3
xxuninj. with admission, t6c; cbUdreo, Wo» ,
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'SGRANDS
W alter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and sOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
LAST 'WEEK OF "OUR CALIFORNIA BOY.'--
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Magnificent Production of the Great Melo-
dramatic Success,
THE CHERRY PICKERS
200 NIGHTS IN NEW YORK.
First Time In San Francisco.
Beautiful Scenery! Startling Effects, Elaborate
Costumes'. Picturesque Uniforms!
A Great Cast.
THE SENSATION OF THE DAT.
The Hegelmanns, World's Greatest Aerlat-
lsts; Lillian Burkhaxt and Company, in th«
I Dainty Comedietta, "Dropping a Hint"; O'Brien
I & Buckley, Musical Comiques: James Thorn-
I ton. New Songs and Satire; Macarte Sisters.
Great New Act; "W. H. Wlndom and Black-
son Quartet: Angela Sisters, New Repertoire;
Wilton & Stack, Triple Bar Artists; Valbon &
Anthelmine, Vocalists.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Next Week— The Great ULLE. TAVART.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday evening, also special
j Saturday matinee, Gounod's Immortal opera,
"FAUST."
To-morrow and Saturday evenings, Verdi'
favorite opera. "IL TROVATORK."
Next week Wagner's music-drama, "LOHEN-
GRIN." A complete production.
Popular prices. 25 and 50 cents. N. B. — A re-
served' seat for the matinee 25 cents. Telephone,
Bush 9.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
All This Matinee Saturday.
The Greatest of All Comedy Hits,
"HIS.:.ABSENT.:.BOY!"
As Presented by the
FRAWLEY COMPANY!
"IT'S A CUP OF JOY."
A GREAT COMEDY CAST.
Next Monday— Great Revival of '"TRILBY."
ALCAZAR. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50e
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
"CAMILLE!"
NEXT WEEK— LAST BUT ONE OF
LEWIS MORRISON.
Monday and Tuesday nights, "FAUST";
Wednesday night, "MASTER OF CEREMO-
NIES"; Thursday and Friday, "FREDERICK
THE GREAT" Saturday matinee, Saturday
and Sunday nights, "YORICK'S LOVE."
SPECIAL TRAIN
■ FOR ' ■■■
SAIN MATEO,
ACCOUNT
! GARDEN PARTY AND FETE.
To Be Held At
THE CROCKER RESIDENCE
SATURDAY August IS
TRAIN WILL LEAVE DEPOT
' Third and Townsend sts., at 12:3O P. M. Re-
turning, leave Ban Mateo at 5:00 P. M.
ROUND-TRIP TICKETS 50 CENTS
CHUTES^ND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE GATHERING.
IN THE FREE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
Sultana, the Mother of Adgie's Lions,
AND HER THREE CUBS.
CANNON, THE 613-POUNDER, STILIj
BOOMS!
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children, So,
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
TMYT PATPoTO exhibit
LlUtil iAHjto attend
-SECRET rRE-S.
M VMDIi Eddy, cor. Mason— Greatest Aero-
ULIiUriA batlc Novelty of the Age. ROYAL
TOKIO ACROBATIC WONDERS, Japan's Most
Skilled Balancers, Jugglers and Acrobats;
DARRELL & MILLER. ROCKWELL, STAN-
LEY, ROYCE SISTERS and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
•. Silver rather weaker.
All cereals dull.
'.. Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as before.
.' Large shipment of Onions to Australia.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
■ Butter and Eggs unchanged.
Turkeys advanced.
Peaches and Pears still glut the market.
Lemons and Limes higher.
Dried Fruit tirm.
Provisions steady.
Rather more firmness In Hides.
No further change In Hogs.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates in circula
tion July 31 were as follows:
1897. IS9S.
Gc , ]( l ..tfS7.2M.Bn $ 35.693.679
Biiver" 867.988,660 589.119.4 M
Treasury "..- 81.563.557 90.735.553
Tota j s $476,729,416 $520,548, 66S
There was $26,760 taken out of circulation
last month. During the twelve months end
ing on July 31, 1898, there was an Increase of
852.0G0.000 in silver certificates and $14,000,000
in treasury notes.
MONEY IN GOVERNMENT VAULTS.
United States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts
reports the amounts of money on hand at the
close of July as follows:
Gold coin $125,843,472
Gold bullion 99.294.921
Sliver dollars 406.013,186
Small silver 11.995,083
Silver bullion 97.571.697
Total specie $740,015,359
United States notes 88,596,839
Treasury notes Of 1390 4.477,727
Gold certificates 1.693.470
Silver certificates .- 9.803,068
Currency certificates 1,100. 000
National Hank notes 4.723.423
Minor coin, etc 1.304,939
Deposits in National banks 58,266. 0;8
Miscellaneous 186,130
Tntal $890,069,963
At the close of July. 1537, the money in these
■vaults amounted to 5857.961.953. Of this amount
5.718 was in specie, including $14., 114.^26
::i sold coin and 828,929,752 In gold bullion. The
siivt-r bullion on hand is over $7,300,000 leus
than It was a year ago.
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the different United ] States
mints during the first seven months of the
year was as follows:
Double eagles 1 $27,603,700 00
Eagles 8,301,340 00
Half eagles 5,672,295 00
Quarter eagles 262 50
Silver dollars 6,485,400 00
Half dollars 1,125,034 00
Quarter dollars 945.24S 00
Dimes £62,040 00
Five cents 346,514 45
Cents 293,756 59
Totn.l $51,533,385 54
Same In is:*7 58,499,946 00
The total fer iast year included $37,699,466 In
double eagles cr $10,000,000 more than was coin
ed this year. ' There was also $2,400,000 more
In Bllver dollars last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(1?" h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 10. 3 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 62; Fresno, 110; Los Angeles. 90; Red
Bluff. 108; Independence, 100; San IHego, 72;
Sacramento, 106; San Luis Obispo, S6; Yuma,
10S.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 64;
minimum, 50; mean. 57.
■WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS
The pressure is high<*»t this evening on the
Northern California and Oregon coast. A slight
depression extends from Southern California
northward through California into Oregon.
High temperatures prevail in the interior of
.th» State, and, in fact, throughout the entire
roirion treat of the Rocky Mountains, except
Jr. Arizona and along the immediate ouaj>t.
Conditions are favorable for continued hot
weather Thursday.
Forecasts ma.!*- at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 11, 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
continued warm weather; fresh west wind,
brisk to high on coast.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Thursday.
rr bably with scattered thunderstorms in
mountains; brisk west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Thursday, with scat
tered thunderstorms in mountains.
Utah— Partly cloudy Thursday, with scat
tered thunderstorms in mountains.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Thursday, with scat
tered thunderstorms In mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally fair
Thursday; hris^k to high west wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
Bt 5 p. m. — Clear; wind west. 20 miles an hour;
temperature, maximum, 87.
W. H. HAMMON. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.-Pretty much all of j
yesterday's loss In values was retrieved In to- j
day's stock market before the definite news '■
was received from Washington that a protocol ;
had been agreed upon between Secretary Day \
and M. Cambon for the negotiations of a treaty ■
of peace. But this news awakened the market
into renewed activity after a period of com; j
parattve dullness and some recession in prices, ]
and carried it to the highest point of the day, ;
holding It within a small fraction of that point
until the close. The early strength in the mar
ket was in spite of continued doubt whether
or not the whole peace movement was endan
gered by Spanish quibbling. The weakness in
Spanish 4s in I'aris and London gave some
ground for such apprehension. But a recovery
In the wheat market, renewed takings of
wheat for foreign account, and especially St.
Pauls statement of earnings for the flrbt week
In August were sufficient to turn the tide of
sentiment from yesterday's bearish disposition
and to induce shorts to cover. The St. Paul
statement showed an increase in earnings over
the corresponding period of last year of J24.287,
or the largest early August earnings in the
history of the road, with the exception of those
of 1892, which they nearly approached. The
Btatement Is a significant Indication that there
has been a sufficient recovery in the grain
movement after the decline following the ab
normal movement caused by the Lelter deal to
Bupplement the large current movement of gen
eral merchandise and bring the earnings back
to last year's high level.
Naturally the grangers led In the day's
movement, Burlington showing an extreme rise
of 2 1 ? per cent and St. Paul of 2. A continued
large demand for People's Gas also helped the
morning movement. In the afternoon's spurt
prices were sustained by the very heavy de
mand for Atchison preferred, and there was
(ome realizing in the grangers under cover of
this movement. But the close was strong and
pretty near the top at net Kains generally of
between 1 and 2 points. Lenders of money per
haps were a little more exacting regarding se
curities to-day. Payments into the sub-treas
ury on account of the new bonds are large and
the Government's deposits with national banks
do not fully keep pace. The drift of -currency
to New York is also falling off. New York ex
change at some of the important domestic
centers having fallen t<> discount.
Business In bonds was comparatively light in
the early part of the day, but the demand in
creased and prices Improved in the later deal-
Ings. Total sales. $3,7e5,000.
Government bonds were unchanged in the bid
price.
The total Rales of stocks to-day were 4". TOO
BhareF, Including: Atchison, ."■000; Atchison
preferred, 27.745; Chesapeake and Ohio. ?:':)">•,
Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy. 3£.72<>: Cleve
land, Columbus, Cincinnati and St. Louis, 4255:
Louisville and Nashville. S000: Manhattan. 10,
035; Missouri Pacific, 5f.25; Northern Pacific,
10.100: Northern Pacific preferred. 7574; Rock
Island. 25.037: St. Paul. 49,995; Southern pre
ferred, 7000; Texas and Pacific, 6125; Tobacco,
7"4\ Chicago Great Western, 38'iO; People's
Gas. 28,000: Consolidated Gas, 4110; General
Electric. 5923; Pacific Mail, 3375: Sugar pre
ferred, 24,439; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 11,297;
Leather preferred, 21,725.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 14Vi St P & Om 84%
Do prefd 36% Do prefd ... 1&5
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St P M & M.'.... 162
Canada Pacific .. 83 So Pacific ........ 21%
Canada Southern. 54% So Railway 8%
Central Pacific .. 17 Do prefd 33%
thes & 0hi0..... 24% Texas & Pacific. 13.;
Chi & Alton 159 Union Pac prefd. C 3%
Chi B & Q. >..... 114% I' P D & G...... 5
Chi & E 111 58% Wabash 7K
C C"C &St L.... 44% Do prefd 20%
Do prefd 56% Wheel & L E 1%
Del & Hudson... 108 Do prefd 12%
Del L & W 150 Express Companies—
Den & R G 12% Adams Ex 103
Do prefd 51% American Ex 124
Erie (new) 13 7 » United States .... 40
Do Ist nrefd.... 36% Wells Fanro 119
Fort Wayne .....172 Miscellaneous—
St Nor prefd 132 A Cot Oil 27%
Hocking Valley...: 5 Do prefd S3
Illinois Central .- 103 Amn Spirits 13%
Lake Erie & W.. 14V« Do prefd 87%
Do prefd 72% Am Tobacco 129%
Lake Shore 194 Do prefd 129
Loais « Nash.... 56% People's Gas 102%
Manhattan L. .... 1064 Cons Gas 200
Met St Ry ........ 158 1? Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central .... 108% Col F.& 1r0n.... 22%
Minn & St 1,.... 28 Do prefd 75
Do Ist prefd.... mi Gen Electric 41
M Pauiflc . 38% Illinois Steel 63%
Mol.l.e'^Ohlo::. 27% J^c.ede Gas U%
M.i v- & T . 11 1 /- Lead '•■■ 37%
do prifd ::::. 3C% Do prefd - •• 110%
Thl lifd & L ■ 9 Nat "nO" ">*
Do "refd .::::: 33 Pacific Mall 32%
NT T fVntrai ' 92% Pullman Palace .. 180
k V Central 120% Silver Certificates 68 X
X T Chi *L St'i::: 13 A Stand R & T..... Sjt
Do Ist prefd.... 60 Sugar 135%
Do 2d Si 30% Do P«Mph 114
Nor West ....... 14% 'T C & 1r0n...... 27%
No Amer C 0..... 6% U S leather 7%
No Pacific 31% Do prefd 71
Do prefd 73% U S Rubber 41%
Ontario & W 16% Do prefd 99%
Or R & Xav 63Vi West Union 94%
Or Short Line.... 29*4 C & N W 134%
Plttsburg 165% Do prefd 176
Heading 18% St L & S W 6%
Do list prefd.... 42% Do prefd 12%
Rock Island 102%, R G W 28%
St Louis & S F.. Tji Do prefd ,68
Do Ist Drefd.... 65% Chi G W 15%
Do 2d prefd.... 30% Haw Com Co 26V*
St Paul 105% U P Common 25%
Do prefd 163 Brooklyn R T.... 62%
•■'?= ' r - r CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 128% N J C 6s 112%
Do coup 128% N Carolina 6s — 12»
U fS is 112% Do 4s 108%
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 112
Do 2ds 97 Do 3s 65%
U S 6a reg 113 Do 4s 100%
Do 5s coup 113 NYC& St L 4s. 10t>
District 3.C5s llti>a Nor & W 6a 121%
Ala class A 108 Norinwstrn cons. HU-i
Do B 105 Do deb 5s 118
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 112
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay is 100
Atchlson 4s ...... 95v4 O S Line 6s tr.... 126 Vi
Do adj 4s 72% O S Line 5s tr.... 106%
Can So 2ds 110% Pacific 6s of 96... 102
Chi Term 4s SS% Reading 4s 83%
1 C & Ohio 5s 115% R G W lsts 90
C H & D 4%s 104% St L & I M C ss. 99%
D & R G lsts.... 11l St L&S F G 6s. 118%
D & R G 4s 97% St P Con 145%
East Term lsts... 105% St P C 4 P l«ts. 118%
Erie Gen 4s 75 Do 5s 116%
F W& D lsts tr. 74 So Railway 55.... 9. Xi
Gen Elec 5s 107% Stand R & T 6s. 68%
GH&S A 6s 104 Term new set 35.. 92%
Do 2ds 105 Tex PL G lsts... 107
H & T C 55.:.... 110 Do Rg 2d5...... 43%
Do con 6s 105 Union Pac 4s 98%
lowa C lets 103% V P D & G lsts.. 76',i
La new cons 45.. 102% Wab Ist 5s 11%
I. A N Uni 45.... 90 Do 2ds 89%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 109%
M X & T 2ds 65% Va Centuries 73%
Do 4s 91 Do deferred ... i: 6%
N V Central 55... 115%
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 14 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 05 Ophlr .. 12
Con <'al & Va... 80 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 25 1 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry... 10 Do prefd 360
Hale & Norcxoss. 50 Sierra Nevada ... 43
Homestake 45 00 1 Standard 150
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 12
Mexican «... 08 1 Tallow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 57V4
Call loans 2 ©3 Boston L. 66%
rime loans 2%@4 E E 111 IS3Vi
Stocks— Atchlson prefd .. 2614
A T & S F 14% Gen Elec prefd... 99
Amer Sugar iii% Bonds-
Do prefd 114H Atchtson 4s 72%
Bay State Gas... 1% Gen Elec 5s 107
Bell Telephone .. 280 Wt* Cent lsts.... 63
Boston ibany. 235 . | Do 6s 125%
Boston & Maine. 164% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 162 Allouez Mm C 0... 4%
Chi Bur & Q. 114% Atlantic 28
Fitchburg 104 Boston & Mont.. 209%
Gen Electric 41 Hutte & Boat on. 26
Illinois Steel 64 Calumet & Hecla. 575
Mexican Central.. 4% Centennial 14%
NY & New Eng.. 98 Franklin •13
Old Colony 195 Osceola 57%
Or Short Line... 59% Qulncy 114
Rubber 41H Tamarack 157
Union Pacific .... 25U I Wolverine 25
West End BTU Old Dominion .... 2714
Westinghouse El. 30%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram say : The set
tlement shows a small account. Money is easy.
Contangoes on Americans were about 21* per
cent, but some stocks were scarce. St. Paul
was cover over even. The tone here was gen
erally harder. consols leading the upward
movement. Americans have been dull In sym
pathy with New York prices, but recovered to
day closing good. Argentines continued to
rise! Spanish 4's were better. •-■
The outlook for the new account is rather
obscure. Money is easier, but the uncertain
political situation and the length of the com
ing account may check business. Rather more
American bills were offered for discount to
day but this had no effect on rates
There are rumors of a New Zealand loan
for £2 000.000. but I cannot corroborate
Canadian Pacific. 85*; Grand Trunk, 7%: bar
silver steady, 27 5-16 d per ounce; money. »£<§>»s
per cent. ! '
Spanish 4's closed at 42**. ,
PARIS Auk Spanish 4's closed at 42.55.
MADRID, Aug. -Spanish 4's closed to-day
at 64.8.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. ' 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
£1*194 barrels; exports. 9706 barrels. Steady
with a fair inquiry for spring patents.
WHEAT— Receipts of wheat. 13.435 bushels;
1 exports. 11.100 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red.
-TV f o. b. afloat to arrive; 79>4c f. o. b.
I afloat spot. Options opened stronger on cables
and on foreign buying, but soon turned weak
for lack of continued local support. Bears
hammered the late market on favorable North
' western news and predictions of large receipts,
! closed Hi'Ac net lower. There was a good ex
port demand. No. 2 red September. 70 11-16®
71% c closed 70% c.
HOPS— Steady.
METALS^The situation locally continues to
improve, nearly all the departments to-day ex
hibiting a pronounced strength and a fair
amounf of activity. The feeling abroad is also
afm and prices in some instances amount to
genera™- higher. At the close to-day the Metal
' E C in e 0 C N-WarrantsN -Warrants stronger with $6 60 bid
' an LAKECOPPER--Strong at $1! 75
TlN^Hlgher with $16 35 bid and $16 45 aske£
LEAD-Very firm with $4 bid and $4 05
asked The firm naming the settling price for
leading Western miners and smelters quotes
I le SPELTER-Uncfaanged with $4 50 bid and
'■ * 4 doFFE&-Options closed steady, unchanged
; to 5 points higher. Sales 12.000 bags. Including
September.- $5 7O^rs 75. Spot coffee-Rio fair
Tlf-mand and steadier; No. 7 invoice. 6%@6V;c;
; No 7 Jobbing. 6%@6%c. Mild very steady; Cor
i d °SUGAR— Raw strong with good demand at
advance. Fair refining. 3%c: centrifugal, 96
test 4»<ic. Refined very firm and active.
BUTTER-Receipts, 6527 packages, steady;
! Western creamery. 14%@19c; Elglns, 19c; fac
i tO EGGS?-Receipts. 10,492 packages, steady;
; Western, 14% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— California Dried
' EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@loc;
: prime wire tray. BV4@»*c; choice, B%@9c; fancy.
9Hc.
PRUNES — 4<gßc.
APRICOTS— Royal, S^@9c; Moorpark, 10®
12c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 6@Bc; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— Liverpool opened 2d
higher for September wheat, but had moder
ate its bullishness to Id before trading com
menced en this side. The Liverpool news was
enough, to cause an advance of %c a bushel
h'gher in September. It was not sufficient,
however, to maintain this market's half
hearted sympathy very long. The heavy
traders fixed their attention on the promised
abundance of home crops. They treated the
smallness of current receipts and reports of
unfavorable weather with supreme indifference,
and in some instances expressed their undis
guised contempt for any consideration, outside
of the alleged fact that this season's harvest
in the United States would yield 700,000,000
bushels and that Europe would need less of It
than usual. The Northwestern grain men ap
peared similarly Impressed and were advising
thVlr friends here of the near approach of lib
eral rc-neipts, which had been temporarily ar
rested by ->>>• wet weather of a week ago. The
various influences changed the market's
strength into demonstrative weakness before
ttll . session W a.-< half over. Receipts at pri
mary markets were conspicuously small. Chi
cago received 112 cars and Minneapolis and
I'mluth 86, agalnßt 231 last year. The aggre
gate at the principal Western markets was
511 000 nui-liels, whereas on the corresponding
day a year ago It was 760,000 bushels. Sep
tember "closed %c lower and December %&\c
Light receipts and a good cash demand
stnrted corn higher. It noon became heavy on
the continued fine grrowlng weather and In
sympathy with the decline in wheat. The un
certainty of the Government report restricted
trade. September lout *4(&ViC.
Outs ruled easy, with the other grains. There
was some inquiry for cash, but bids fell short
of holders' views. September closed with a
loss of He.
The cash demand for provisions was excel
lent and speculative buying by packers was
heavy. The market opened at a moderate ad
vance, which was well maintained and In the
end received respectable addition, the latest
trading being at top prices of the day. Sep
tember pork closed strong at 32 I £c advance, 12V4
4j>lsc for lard and 15c for ribs.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
. Wheat. No. 2— . ■ .
August 69%- 70% 69 69
September C" 67 65% 65%
December 65 65% 64V» 64%
May.... 67i4 -- 67% 66V4 66%
Corn, No. —
August 33% 33% 32% 32%
September 3ZV 33% 32% 32%
December..... 83% 33% 33 33%
May '35% 85%. 35% 35%
Oats, No. 2- . >- i -..:- >■•
September .21 21 20% " 20%
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 8 92% 9 17% 890 $17%
October ...... ...... 9 17%
Lard, per 100 Itts— .
September 525 5 37% 625 5 37%
October 5 30 5 40 6 30 6 40
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs— ■
September ....5 20 6 32% 5 17% 5 32%
October 5 22% 536 820 5 32%
Cash quotations were as follows: •
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 70®72c: No.
2 red. 74@75c; No. 2 corn, 33(??-33Uc;;No. 2 oats.
22% c; No. 2 white, 27<g i 28%,c; No. 3 white, 25%©
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898
27c- No 2 rye, WAd No. 2 barley, 36©44c;'No.
1 flaxseed, 89c; prime timothy seed. ;$2 57%;
mess pork, per barrel, $9 10@9 15; lard, per 100
pounds $5 25@5 30; short rib sides, loose. $5 20(g>
6 40- dry salted shoulders, boxed, 4%@4 7 ,ic; short
clear sides, boxed, $6 60@5 75. ; \ .'■.'«'
~~ Articles— ■ ■ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .\ 15,100 10,600
Wheat, bushels 210,700 179,200
Corn bushels 597.600 509,900
Oats, bushels 412.300 406.300
Rye. bushels 11,500
Barley, bushels 8.200 .......
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market and Eggs were unchanged. . ,
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
■ ■ Receipts. Shipments.
Cities- Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 61.620 42.350
Duluth 1.590 15,818
Milwaukee 10.400 . 1,650
'Chicago 210,710 179,200
Toledo .- - r >8.450 28.000
St. Louis '• 27,000 230,000
Detroit 25,974 19.497
Kansas City 95,500 66,500
Totals .......,....:. 491.244 582,013
Tidewater —
Boston 49.175
New York 13.875 11.169
Philadelphia 10,140 11.000
Baltimore 177.257 207,953
New Orleans
Galveston 22.000 172,380
Totals 272,447 401,502
LIVERPOOL , FUTURES.
Wheat— - 1" Sept. Dec.
Opening . 6 11\4 5 6%
Closing .-5 10% 6 5*
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 49 50 44 10
Closing 50 50 44 50
Flour-
Opening 2135 20 60
Closing 21 60 20 85
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— CATTLE— To-day's mar
ket for cattle was fairly active, with about
steady prices. Choice steers, $5 25@5 65; me
dium, $4 80@5 20; beef steers. $4@4 75; stockers
and feeders. $3 25@4 75; bulls. $2 60@4 25; cows
and heifers, S3 3094 25; calves. $3 :>o<ii7; West
ern rangers, $3*@4 50; Texans, $2 25@3 80.
HOGS— in hogs was active at » little
advance In prices. Fair to choice, $3 S2>s<sf4;
packers, $3 50<J?3 SO: butchers, i'A 70@3 95; mixed,
$3 604*3 90; light. $3 40@3 90; pigs, $2 So<3!3 75.
SHEEP— There was a good slaughtering de
mand for sheep at better prices, but buyers
refused to pay the recent extreme prices for
prime lambs. Native sheep. $3 25©* 75; West
ern rangers. $3 5003 70; spring lambs, t*&* 2"
for the poorest and $6^6 50 for the best flocks;
Western lambs, $4 40-30 35; good yearlings, $5.
Receipts— Cattle, 11,000; hogs, 24,000; sheop,
14.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 10. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts, SOOO. Best grades strong, others steady.
Native steers,' $3©r. 35; Texas steers. $2 8504:
Texas cows, $2'i3 25; native cows and heifers,
*1 60<jJ5; stackers and feeders, $2 75@4 80; bulls,
$234. ■ - - •
HOGS— Receipts, 12.000. Market weak to Be
lower. Bulk of Kales, $3 56©S 75; heavies. $3 65
©3 82^; packers, $3 60@3 SO; mixed. $3 5503 77%;
lights, $3 30#3 65; yorkers, $3 60@3 65; pigs, $3®
3 65.
SHEEP— 4000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 86<if6 10; mutton?. $3®4 50.
t DENVER.
DENVER, Aug. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, COO.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 50@5; cows.
$2 50<8'3 SO; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 75@
4 2.1; stockers. freight paid, $4@4 60; bulls and
stags. $2 50(g3. . ..-.-
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market firm. Light
packers. $3 6J@3 70; mixed, »3 70®3 75: heavy,
13 60®3 so. '•:'-'',
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
OMAHA.
SOUTH OMAHA, Nebr., Aug. 10.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 2800; shipments, 1100; market steady.
Fat steers. $4 S5<S5 20; stockers and feeders,
$3 Eo@4 10; butchers" $3 75@4 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 5S0O; shipments, none; mar
ket shade higher. Lights, $3 60@3 85; butchers
$3 60®3 87% ; heavy, $3 65^3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1300; shipments, none;
market 10@16c higher. Sales, $4 15@4 25.
CROP CONDITIONS.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 10.— The August report
of the statistician of the Department of Agri
culture shows the following conditions on Au
irust 10: Corn, 87.0; spring rye, 93.7; barley,
79.3; Irish potatoes, 83.9; spring wheat, 96.5;
oats 84.2; buckwheat, 87.2.
The condition of spring wheat, S*s.";. Is 15
points higher than last month. 9.S points above
the average on August 1. 1897. 17.6 points ;!>■'■.
that for August 1, IS!i6, and 13. T. point* above
the August average for the last ten years. The
conditions In the principal States are as fol
lows: Minnesota. 101; North Dakota, 95: South
Dakota. 92; Nebraska 97 and lowa 94.
The average condition of barley Is 79.3, as
compared with 5r..7 on July 1, with 87.5 on
August 1, 1897, with 82.9 on August 1, 18i6, and
56.0 the August average for the last ten years.
The reports as to the apple crop are Increas
ingly unfavorable. Some of the leading apple
growing States report a practical failure, while
others report from one-third to two-thirds of
an average crop.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— California fruits sold
i to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartlett, tt 14. Grapes— Malaga. $1 32.
Prunes— Hungarian. 11 25.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10— California fruits sold
to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartlett. $2 36<Jf2 56. Plums — Brad- i
shaw. $1 15<gl 50; Purple Duane, $1 13; Wash
ington. $1 21; Columbia. $1 15; Yellow Egg. il 20
©1 46. Prunes— Gros, $2 40. Nectarines, $1 35.
The Earl Fruit Company's auction sales of
California fruit were as follows:
BOSTON, Aug. 10.— Pears— Bartlett. $1 tt<@
2 60, average $2 05. Grapes— Malaga, $1 50.
Peaches— Early Crawford, $1 15<J?1 50, average
I $130; Susquehanna. $156; Strawberry. $151.
I plums— Columbia, 60c(?iiJl 10, average 70c; Brad
' shaw, 83c. Prunes— Silver, 65cf?$l 25, average
! 90c; German. $1 1047 1 SO. average $1 15. Necta
j Hnes— 3sc<gsl 85, average 66c. Weather wet.
Twelve cars sold.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— Pears— Bartlett. $2 35
I <g2 65, average $2 45. Plums— Bradshaw, $1 15®
I 1 60, average $1 19; Purple Duane, $1 13; Wash
i Ington. $121: Columbia. $1 15; Yellow Egg, $1 20
: 4(1 45. average $1 31. Prunes— Gros. $2 40. Nec
tarines — $1 35. Weather stormy. Nine cars sold.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— Pears— Bartlett, average
$2 14. Grapes— Malaga, $1 32. Prunes—Hungar
ian $1 25. Weather dry. Eight cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 10— Pears-Bartlett,
$1 95® 2- 26, average $2 08. Peaches— Early Craw
ford Soc<&sl 10, average 95c; Late Crawford,
Isl lOffll 30. average $1 12; Susquehanna, $1 15.
! Prunes-Gros. $1 SO; Hungarian, $1 30@2 50,
average $2 30. Two cars sold.
MONTREAL. Aug. 10.— Pears— Bartlett, aver
age $2 09.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Aug. 10.— Consols, 110%; Silver,
27 5-16 d; French rentes, 103f 50c; wheat car
goes off coast, less active: cargoes on passage,
buyers and sellers apart; English country mar-
e LIVERPObL. Aug. 10.— Wheat, steady: No. 1
Standard California, 6s 7d<g6s 8d; Wheat In
Paris, firm; Flour In Paris, stronger; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 17-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 red Northern spring.
6s lOd.
CORN — Spot, American mixed, new, firm, 3s
B%d; August, steady, 3s 3d; September, steady,
Ss 3'4d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet: August, nom
inal; September, 5s 10>,4d; December, 5s 6%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Aug. 10.— Wheat export quo
tations; Walla Walla, f.~@CSc; valley nn.l blue
stem. «o@Clc. Millers are paying 3c premium
for old wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 10.— Wheat prices remain un
changed. Club, u!>c; bluestem, 63c. Milling
wheat is quoted at 63c for club and 66c for blue
stem.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $263, 209, 236; gold re
serve, $191,885,815.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW TORK, Aug. 10.— COTTON — Easy.
Middling, 6Hc.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Aug. 10.— Exchanges, $270,344;
balances, $44,062.
LOCAL MARKETS.
■ EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight .......... — $4 <jtv,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 86%
Sterling Cables .-•••• — •!* 87
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
New York Exchange, sight '.'. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars ..48 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — Is the same old story,- day after
day. Futures go up and down with Chicago,
but the spot market remains practically sta
tionary. There Is no business worth talking
about.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, »1 18%@1 23%; milling,
$1 30©l 40 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal .Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls, *1 23%; 8000.. $1 23%; 2000, $1 23%.
Second session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 2214;
000, *1 23: 2000, $1 22%. ' _
'. Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls,
11 22*4.
Afternoon session— December— Booo otl«, $1 22%;
18,000. *1 22%.
BARLEY— The market la steady and not ma
terially changed. >. .: ?
. Feed, |1 17%@1 20; Brewing, nominal.
. ■
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session-December— lo,ooo ctls. $1 16H-
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 15%: 2000,- $1 15%; 4000. $1 15%. :
Afternoon session— December— sooo ctls. $1 la^.
OATS— Quotations show no further change
and the market Is dull and nominal. Fancy
Feed, $1 27%@1 30 per ctl; good to choice, $1 2a
@1 27%; common, $1 17%@1 22'-i: Surprise. $1 30
@1 35; Gray, $1 22&@1 25; milling, $1 22V4@i 27,4
per ctl.
CORN— Dealers quote previous prices for all
descriptions. Small round yellow, $1 25©1 30;
Eastern large yellow, sacked, $1 O7'/4®l 10;
white, $1 10(&il 13%; mixed. $1 05^1 07'; per ctl.
RYE— Is steady but dull at $1 20©l 23 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75<gl 85 per ctl.
FLOU.R AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 40@4 50; bakers'
extras, $4 l'ttftA 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornm.?al, $2 30; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25: Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $3 235 3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $.1 75: Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley), $3 KQt 23; In sacks, $5 85Q< 05; Pearl
Barley. $3; Split Peas. $4 25; Green I J eas, $4 50
per 100 lt>s.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
New Straw came In and sold at 40c per bale.
Hay shows no change either way. Receipts
are more moderate, but the demand Is dull,
and the commission merchants are storing their
consignments rather than sell them at current
Bran Is firm, but no higher.
BRAN— SIS 50© 16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB®2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25^.26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $$I#3J B0; Job
bing. $32© 32 50; Cocoanut Cake, |24#25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23<&23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24f(i24 60.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $174(17 50 for
good and $14(g'!6 lor lower grades; no ciioice
coming In; Wheat and Oat, $14 So<ij.'l6 f.O; Oat,
$134*15; Barley, SlBOl4 50; Island Barley, $11Q)
12 50; Alfalfa. $11 50®12 50; Stock, $11@12;
Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— ("From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, $13(514 50; Oat. $12©13 ."»0; Cheat. $U@
13; Timothy, $11 50-Sl3 50; Alfalfa, $U<gU 50
per ton.
STRAW— 4O(g7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The quotations for mustard are nominal, as
there is little or no business.
Beans remain as last quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 7.'.@2 90; Small Whites,
$2@2 15; Large Whites, $1 90«2; Pinks. $2 25®
•> 40- Reds. %2 fi(ra2 75: Blackeye, $3 15@3 25;
Butters, nominal: Llmas. S3; Pea. $2^2 15; Red
Kidneys, $2 50@2 75 per ctl.
HEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25@4 7.> per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4®4 25; Flax, nominal, $2©2 10;
Canary Seed, 2H<&2V 4 c per rt>; Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape 2H@2%c; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy. stf?sVte.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles : $1 75«2; Green. $202 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
A large shipment of Onions to Australia Is
reported.
The market for Vegetables and Potatoes
ranges about the same, except Tomatoes, which
are higher.
POTATOES— 4O<S6."c in sacks for Early Rose
and 50c(g$l 1" in sacks and 75ofc$l 25 in boxes
for Burbanks; Balinaa Burbanks, (sc@sl lv;
Sweet Potatoes, 353% C per lb. -r-tu.
ONIONS 10@50c per c-t! for red and 55®70c
per ctl for yellow, Pickle Onions, 75@90c per
ctl
VEGETABLES— Green Pea?. 2%®3c; String
Beans, 24j3c per lb; Lima Beans, 3'cMc; Bay
Squash 25936 c; Green Peppers, 35050 c for
Chile an.l 50©75 c for Bell; Cabbage. &0c per
Ctl; Carrots, i!o<gsoc per eacli ; Hay • \icumbers,
25@30c; Pickles, 76© 86 c for No. 1 and ■t'Wi.iOc i>er
box for No 2; River Tomatoes, ■'■''■ Green
Corn, 401i7',c per sack for VacavlHajs sl©l 26 per
crate for Alameda, ."ofj7.')C for Berkeley; Garlic,
24?24c per lb; Green Okra, 46 Q soc; Egg Plant,
35if'50c per bos
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
dessicated, 160 l*c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 6fic; Carrots, old, 13o; new. ISc; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips. 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys are higher, as cold storage stocks
are exhausted and arrivals are scarce. Other
wise there Is no change, beyond firmer prices
for goslings.
POULTRY"— Live Turkeys, 15@17c for Gob
blers and H<7 loc for Hens; Geese, per pair. 75c
©$1; Goslings, $1 25^1 50: Ducks. $2 75<jS3 for old
and $2 !)of}4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; Roos
ters, young, $5!&6; Roosters, old, $4 25@4 50;
Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $3 50*94 for large;
$2 50@3 for small ; Pigeons, $1 50&1 75 per dozen
for young and $I@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is apparently too high and the market
Is dragging. Cheese stands the same. Eggs are I
steady ar.d unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23(&24c; sec
i onds. 21<&'22c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 20@21c; common
i grades, 160190.
Eastern Butter— packed, 14@15c per ib;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10c: old, 8@
I Slue; Cream Cheddar, lO&llc; Young America,
: 9^@lo%c; Eastern, 12@13c.
iiUGsi— Ranch Kggs, 21fg'25c per dozen; store
! Eggs, 14@l"V4c; Eastern, 14i$>17c for ordinary
and 18@20c {or fancy; Duck Eggs, 20@21c.
• DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The condition of the crops Is thus given by
the weekly bulletin of the Weather Bureau:
"The cooler weather which has prevailed dur
: ing the past week along the coast has been
| very beneficial. Grapes and Prunes are nearly
: all ripening. Fruit crops are generally small,
i with the exception of Grapes. Some varieties
of this latter crop, especially Tokays, were
Injured in the northern portion of the State
by hot weather of the previous week, but as
a whole the crop promises to be a good one.
Raisin drying- will begin in about two weeks.
Conditions are still favorable for good crops
of citrus fruits wherever the water supply will
! hold good."
! The market is choked with Peaches and
! Pears, and the canners, far from being pleased
1 with the glut, find themselves In the unpleas
| ant position of not being able to take advan
i tage of it, as they are loaded with contracted
fruit for which they have already paid, and
which prevents them from taking in the
cheaper fruit now under their noses. They
know that the glut is only a matter of a few
days at most, and fear that when they do get
ready to buy in this market prices will be
higher than they are now. All other sorts are
In liberal supply and slow.
Lemons are higher and scarce. Limes have
also advanced, as there will be no fresh ar
rivals for several weeks. $
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $4i#6 per chest for large and
for small.
Figs, per box for single and 75c@$l 25
for double layers.
Cantaloupes, $2@3 per crate;' Nutmegs,
$I@l 60 per box; Watermelons, $15@jL8 per hun
dred.
Huckleberries, 6@7c per tt>.
Red Nectarines, 50<jt75c; White Nectarines,
60@65c per box.
White Grapes, 50i@60c per box and 60@70c per
crate; Black Grapes, 75c per crate; Muscats,
76c«Jl.
Blackberries, $2 50® 1 per chest.
Plums, 40<ij?6Oc per crate and 20@50c per box;
in bulk, $104115 per ton.
Apricots, 40((j"J5c per box and $40@60 per ton
In bulk.
Peaches, 25@65c per box; in bulk, to canners,
$20(g'30 for Freestones; Clings, nominal.
Crabapples, 25<g'40c per box.
Raspberries, J5&6 per chest.
Apples, 355160 c for common, and 7. r >c@sl per
box for No. I. '
Bartlett Pears, 75c®$l per box and $25@30
per ton for No. 1. and 25@50c :>er box and Jlu©
' 20 per ton for small and inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, }1 25@1 CO for St.
Michaels, $H&1 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 75c® Jl 2a for Seedlings; Lemons, $2 50@3
for common and $4@5 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, J7@B; California Limes,
per box; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3<Li4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
There is nothing new, the new fruits being
flrm and the old lots # being pretty well cleaned
up.
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes, : 3%@4c
for the four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots,
6<S's>4c for 40-50' 4V4f&'sc for 50-60's, 3)i@4c for
80-70's. 3%@3y.c for 70-80' s, 2&@3c for 80-90' a, 2@
2%c for W-100s; new Peaches, 6H@7c; old
Peaches, s@6Vbc: peeled, nominal; new Apri
cots, 9V4@loc for Royals and 15@17%c for Moor
parks; old Apricots, s@7c for Royals and B@loc
for good to lancy Moorparks, Evaporated Ap
ples, 6V4@7c; sun dried, 3@4c; Black Figs, sacks.
2<5'2%c; Plum*. 4@4V4c for pitted and l@lV4c fof
unpltted; bleached Plums, sc; Nectarines, 3®
4V4c for prime to fancy; Pears, 3®sc for. quar
ters and 3@sVic for halves, according to color,
etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 2V l 'u2\c for
three-crown, 3!&-3V4c for four-crown, 3<&4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2V4@3c for Seedless Mus
catels and |I@l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NlTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell. BVi@9c.for paper shell: Peanuts, 4@
sVic for Eastern and i\^c for California; Pe
cans, fi 1 /4@Bc; Filberts, 9H@loc: Brazil Nuts,
B©9c per !b; Cocoanuts, $f Co©s per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for . bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted. sVi@
6c; llgrht amber extracted, 4%@5V4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24<§)26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURKD MEATS— B%c per It) for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10Hc for light, lie
for , extra light and 12'2®13c , for sugar cured;
Eastern , sugar-cured Hams, 10V4@Uc; Califor
nia Hams, 9'^®loc; Mess Beef, *10<gl0 50 per
bbl: extra Mess Beef, $11@11 50: Family Beef.
$i:@l2 60: extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear.
|18ig]8 E0; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per tb. - -
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 8c per lt>
for compound and 7V40 for pure; palls, 8c;
California tierces, 5c per lb for compound and
7c for pure; half barrels, 7^4c; 10-Ib tins, 8c;
5-tb tins, B',ic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6H@fiHc; packageß
less than 300 tbs— l-Ib palls, 60 in a case. 9V6c;
3-tb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-tb pails, 12 in a
case, S^;c; 10-tb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-Tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7 T £c; wooden buc-ker.3. 20
lbs net, $y,c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs n.-t, 7*ie; half
bairels, about 110 lbs, 7%c i>er lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WO3& AND MOPS.
Dealers report rather more firmness In Hides
at the old prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, BV4c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags. 6%c; salted Kip, 8&c; Calf,
8c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17@18c;
Goatskins, 27V4@30c; medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool,
30<Q>40c each; medium, 60^SOc; long wool, 90c©
$1 10 each; Horsehides, salt, $2 25 for large
and $I@l 75 for small; Colts. 50c; Horsehides,
dry, $1 75 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small;
Colts. fOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3Uc per lb; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 4%®4%c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9<gPl2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', ■ 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10<5>12c; Middle County, 13(<il6c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 14@16c; Nevada, 10@14c:
Eastern Oregon, 10@12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9@12% per tb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 4%@4%c; Wool
Bags, 26@28c; San Quentin Bags, $4 83: fruit
Bags, Be, s*£c and s*4c for the three grades of
white and 7@Bc for brown. ,
cuAlr- Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Southneld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6Vic; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, s?fcc; Confec
tioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia A, s^c; Extra C.
6%c- Golden C, 5%c; California A, 5%c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
Vie more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no further change to report.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6^c; second quality,
6%<fiSc; third quality, 4%@s',sc. •
VEAL— Large, 4(§'sc; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@?%c; Ewes, 6@6V»c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4c for •large, 4Vic for me
dium and 3V4@3%0 for small; stock Hogs, 2@
3Vic; dressed Hogs, s%@C%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For "Wednesday, August 10.
Flour qr ?ks ... 15,940 Lumber, ft 10,000
Wheat, ctls 3,830 Raisins, bxs .... 57j
Barley ctls 4,950 Wool, bales S3
Rye, Ctls SSO Pelts, bdls 2,079
Cheese, ctls IR6 Hides, no 86j
Butter, ctls 257 Hay, tons ........ «7
Potatoes, Kks ... 6,771 Quicksilver, flsk. 51
- sks l^^l Wine, gals 47,400
Bran fcks 2.-. Powiler, cs 1
Ml.idiings. sks .. 300 Eggs, doz 13,380
Sugar sks 800^ Leather, rolls ... 71
D ° >bW " OREGON.
Floor qr sks ... 1601 Oats, i-ls 700
Wheat, otls 6,980{3ay. tons 100
Barley, ctis 4,8951
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change in mining- stocks.
In local securities the su^ar stocks were
strong and Hawaiian Commercial advanced to
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay a
dividend of 7'> con the 12th.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 50c
per share, payable August 20.
The Pacific an.l Suns.t teleph'ne and tele
graph companies will pay their regular monthly
dividends on August 16.
The Oakland Gaa Light and Heat Company
will pay a monthly dividend of 2oc per share
on August 18.
The West Santa Rosalia Go.d Mining Com
pany of the State of Sonora, Mexico, has levied
Moment of 3c per share, delinquent Sep
tember 5.
The delinquency in office of the assessment,
of 15c, on Potosl has been postponed to Sep
tember 2 and the date of »aje 10 September 2.».
The delinquent assessment sale of the East
Best & Belcher Mining Company has been
postponed to August 19.
The delinquency in office of the assessment,
of 10c, on Gould & Curry has been postponed
to September 6 and the day of sale to Septem
ber 26.
The La Suerte Gold Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment of 2Vsc
per share, delinquent September 7.
The Pneumatic Power Company of San Fran
cisco has levied an assessment of half a cent
per share, delinquent September lt>.
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
has received a bullion shipment valued at $23,
000, being the clean-up on the July account.
The following mining companies had cash on
hand August 1: Alta $436 (note out for $1000),
Andes $I*2 Alpha Consolidated $1930. Best &
Belcher $6278, Bullion 5891. Caledonia $7324.
Challenge Consolidated $2SS9, Consolidated Cali
fornia & Virginia $26,553, Con. New York,
$314 Confidence $1542. Chollar $2292 (notes out !
for $5779), Crown Point $881, Exchequer $233,
Gould & Curry $1836. Hale & Norcross (Fox
management) $5161, Mexican $4.12, Morgan
$2317, Occidental Consolidated $211 (notes out for
J6352). Ophlr $81, Overman $344. Potosi $4444
(notes out for $5500), Segregated Belcher $127,
Savage $73, Sliver Hill $259, Sierra Nevada
$28 KM Standard Consolidated $74,006, Union
Consolidated JSO79. and Utah Consolidated $2249.
The Belcher Mining Company had an in
debtedness of $1779 on August 1, with July
bills partly paid. The Consolidated Imperial
Mining Company owed }33. Lady Washington
had an indebtedness of $3246.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
"WEDNESDAY, August 10—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
V S Bonds— Mutual. El Co. — —
Is quar c0up.,111%112% Oakland Oaa.. 50% 52
Is quar reg...111%112% I'ac Gas Imp.. 86*» 87*4
Is quar new... 127%127% Pac L. Co 4S 51
Miscellaneous— 5 F G & E... 86% 87V4
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — San Fran 3 ZV*
Cal El 6s 125* — Stock Gas 13 —
C C Wat 55... 99Vi101 Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — 95% Firem's Fund. l9s 205
E L, & P 65.. 128 — | Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry .115% — Anglo-Cal .... 59% 61
Geary-st R ss. 93 100 ! Bank of Cal.. — 247%
HC & S . s..l"> 106 tCal S D & T.. — 97
' A LCo 65.. — 100 First Nat 200 —
Do &ntd 65.. 97%100% \Um 1' & A... .123% —
Market-st 65.. 125% — Mer Exchange 14 15
Do Ist M 55. .113 — Nev Nat 8....155%161%
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 97% Savings Bank—
NCNO Ry 7s. 105 — Ger S & L...1550 1650
N Ry Cal .109 — Hum S & 1,. 1050 1160
NRy Cal 65..102%103% Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R 65.103 108 S F Say U.. 455 500
NPC R R 55.100%102% S & L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R 55. 102 102% : Security SB. 300 —
Oak Gas 5s 100 — I Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Is 55.. 109 '— Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 127 127% California ....106 108
p & O 6s 107 — Geary 40 —
P & Cl Ry 68.104 104% Market-st 53% 54
Powell-st 65... US — Presidio ....... 8 —
Reno WI-.&L...100 — Powder—
Bac El Rv 55. 100 — California 130 155
SF& N P 65. 107% — E DvnamltP... *5 —
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 48 48%
5 P of Ar 65. .106%— Vlgrorlt 2% 3
6 P Cal 6s 110 — Miscellaneous —
BPC is <-k 55..100«/ t — M Pac A sn.. %M 95%
S P Br 6s 115Vill6»4iGer Ld Wk5..125 —
S V Wat 6»...115% — Hana P C 0.... 15% 18
s V Wat 45... 102 — !H C & 8 Co.. 27% 27%
Stuck Gas .63.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 53% 64
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. »0 —
Contra Costa.. — 54 Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 55% 57
Spring Valley. 98% 89% Pacific A F A. 1% 214
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C 0.... 100 104
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co. 7»4 —
Morning Session.
10 Giant Powder Con 48 25
150 Hutchin >on 9 P Co 53 00
9 5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 75
75 do do 26 62%
275 do do 26 50
5 Market-Ptreot Railway 53 60
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonda 102 75
10 S F Gfes & Electric Co S7 12Mi
10 do do 87 00
10 Sprlnir Valley Water M 124
$5000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 115 5(1
Btrwet—
$20no Omnibus Cable Bonds 127 00
Afternoon Session.
• 70 Alaska Packers' Association 95 50
50 Giant Powder Con 4S 25
75 Hutchtnson S P Co 53 50
20 do do 53 75
140 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 00
100 do do : 27 12%
175 do do 27 25
78 do do 27 50
25 do do b2 27 50
DO do do b 5 ...27 50
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
0 Spring Valley Water 99 00
$5000 S P of A Bonds 106 50
Street—
25 Hutchlnsbn S P Co 63 25
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. b 3..... 87 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session. !-
85 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 25
$2%C Spring Valley Water 4s 102 12%
Afternoon Session.
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 50
10 do do 56 37H
SO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 50
25 do do 26 G2Vi
15 Alaska Packers 1 Association 95 25
MINING STOCKB.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Chollar 171100 Hale & Norcross 80
100 16;2O0 Justice 07
150 Con Cal & Va.. 34i500 Fotosl 16
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 05 200 Justice .......... «•
UOBeEheT 12 100 Mexican ........ 1|
100 Best & Belcher. 12 300...... •
200 Caledonia 17 200 Ophlr • «
lOOChollar 18 500 Potosl ........••• "
700 Con Cal & Va. 34 400 Yellow Jacket .. 18
200 Crown Point ... 10
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
EOOAlta 07 200 Mexican "
1000 Challenge 13 200 Ophir «
»00 Chollar 17 ?00 Potosl ■•■■• J°
MOCon Cal & Va.. 3= 100 Sierra .Nevada... 4«
200 Crown Point .. 10 100 Vnlon Con ...... «
300 Gould & Curry.. 14 Yellow Jacket... l'
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 12 400 Gould & Curry.. i*
300 Best & Becher. 12 200 Mexican "
400 Caledonia 18 400 Ophir i'
200 Con Cal & Va . . 34 ; 500 Savage ......... iv
000 35 100 Sierra Nevada.. 49
POO Crown" Point ... 09 "00 Union Con 19
200 101400 Yellow -acket .. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
"WEDNESDAY, August 10—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Julia - °*
Alta 07 09 Justice 05 06
Andes 04 05 Kentuck 0o ««
Belcher 11 12 L*O9 W ash .... — 01
Benton Con ... — 12 Mexican 11 "
Best & Belcher 11 13 Vr-idental 52 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 17 18
Caledonia 16 17 Overman 04 06
Chollar 17 18 Pt-tosl 15 li
ChallenKe Con. 12 14 Savage 09 11
Confidence 35 — 3eorptop 03 —
Con Cal & Va. 32 34 =seg Belcher ... 04 to
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 49 51
Crown Point ..10 11 Silver Hill .... — 20
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — ( 'f
Eureka Con ... — 2% -standard 1051 to
Exchequer — 04 i.'nlon Con 17 i»
Gould & Cum. 13 14 Utah ........... 06 0,
Hale & Norcrs. 70 — .'How Jacket. 17 19
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emll Men: to John R. Altken. lot on E line
of Buchanan street. 0« N of Hayes, N 24 b>
E Sl:3; also lots 31 and 32, Railroad-avenue
Homestead Association; $1600.
George E. Kuorre to O. C. Uratt. undivided
one-half of lot on SW corner of Golden uate
and Wllliard street, W 26 by S 100; $1.
Jacob and Josephine M. Villier to Robert F.
Bucknam. lot on N line of Liberty street.
255 W of Guerrero, W 25 by N 114: $300.
William Axford to Ernest Temps, lot on W
line of Alabama street. 208:1 S of Twentieth,
S 25:11 by W 100; also lot on W line of Ala
bama street. 208:1 S of Twentieth S 25:11 by
W 100; also lot on E corner of Twentieth
(Napa) and Alabama streets. N 9o by h. 44 .a.
$3000
Same to same, lot on W line of Alabama
street, 182 S of Twentieth, S 0:1 by W 100; also
lot on W line of Alabama street, 208 S of Twen
tieth. S 0:1 by W 100. quitclaim deed; $2.
FLA Pioche and Noe Garden Homestead
Union to John Ross, lot on S line of Elizabeth
street 225:4 W of Ellen. S 114 by W 51:8; $500.
Lydia C. Rice vs. Helen C. w.»t»o» iby H. A. ,
Massey referee) to Lydia C. Rice, lot on E line ,
of Leavenworth street, 137:6 N of Pine street, j
N 20 by E 137;fi: also lot on N line of Pine
street, iOS E of Leavenworth, E 75 by N 13<:6;
$23,500.
Lydia C Rice to 1 H. C. Prien. lot on E line
of Leaven worth street, 137:6 N of Pine, N 20
by E 137:6; $2500.
Michael Kelly to Daniel J. Kelly and Ellen
A. Rlley {wife of Thomas Riley), lot on N line ;
of Clara street, 323 W of Fifth, W 23 by N 80; ;
gift. I
Lydia Jacobs to Joseph Graham, lot on NX i
line of Morris avenue, 200 SE of Harrison
street, SE 25 by NE 80; $10.
Mary McCarthy to Mary Preston (wife of
James Preston), lot on E line of De Haro i
street, ICO S of Colusa, S 25 by E 100; gift. i
Ermina Cox to Emily J. Helems. lot on E
line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 200 N of T street, I
N MO by E 120; gift and $10.
Michael H. O'Sullivan to Herman and Vie- i
torla Steber. lot 6a W line of Prospect place,
98:8% S of Coso street, S 31:3V4 by W 70. lots
121 and 122. trift map 3; $950.
James Ambrose to James Watkins, lot on S
line of Thrift (Hill) street. ISO W of Capitol,
W 200 by S 125, lot 4, block V. Railroad Home
stead Association; also lot on N line of Mon
tana street, 180 W of Capitol, W 100 by N 125, I
lot 9. block U, same: $10.
Alameda County.
Abner Doble and J. S. Emery (by sheriff) to
Ellen Hamblin. undivided hi interest in block
21, In plat 6. Rajieho V. and D. Peralta, Oak
land Township; $5728.
N L and Maria A. Freese to John Ena, lot
on N line of College way, 50 W of Walnut
street W 50, N 133:8, E 50, S 133.55, to begin
ning, 'being lot 4. block A, Percy Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
Aueustus and Sarah Johnson to Francis J.
Johnson, lot en \V line of California street.
273.03 S of Addlson. S 253.12 by W 129.25. block
I, Spaulding Tract; also lot on S line of Uni
versity avenue, 255.57 E of San Pablo. E 255.47
by S 275. 20. portion of Plat 64, Rancho of V.
and D. Peraita. Berkeley: gift.
Alfred Overend to Kllzabeth Overend. undl
dlvlded one-half interest in lot on NE corner
of St. Charles and Central avenues. N 160
by E 150, block IS, Fitch & Sharon Tract.
A'lamedn; $10.
Catherine Noland or Nolan to Sarah I. Po
land and Charles R. Noland. lot I. block 30.
San Lcandro; also lot J. block 30, same, Eden
Township: grant. _,_,._
Mnrgaretha B. Rehnert to Louise E. Reh
nert. lets 1 to 4, 12, 14, 17, 19 to 2S, block 15,
Oakland; gift.
Piedmont and Mountain View Railway (a cor
poration) to Oakland Transit Company (a cor
poration) all franchises, railroad lines, etc. in
city of Oakland, etc; $450,000.
William J. Laymance to A. C. Henry, lots
1 to 6, 13 to 19, block 12, Warner Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $10
'E. L. Hisgln?, E. A. Wayne. Teressa A.
Phrnler and W. M. Elsom (by commissioner) to
Snn Francisco and Oakland Mutual Loan Asso
ciation, lot on S line of Highland avenue. 120
E of Plymouth street, S 132.50 by E 40, being
lot 23. block L. Amended Map of Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $1292.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— T*he high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 11.
Sun rises 5:22
Sun sets 7:07
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
O Time]
o L W
Feet. |
I Feet. |
ITinae;
I iFeet.
IH Wi
\v
IL W
1:2
2'!
3:'
3:-
4:
4:
6::
0.61
0.3
0.1
0.0
—0.1!
I 0.0
0.1
I 9:12!
10:04
10:40
11:01
I 11:30
11:51
12:11
3.5
1.8
4.1
*.4
4.5
•i.7
4.i
I 12:24
1:36
2:34
3:21
4:01
4:40
5:19
3.4 6:45
3.5 7:40
3.4 8:31
3.3 9:17
3.1! 10:01
8.7 10:0
2.3| 11:23
5.0
5.0
5.0
6.0
5.2
5.2
5.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
fiven are additions to the soundings on the
'nlted States Const Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, August
10, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAR. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Curacao [Mexico I Aug. 10
Homer Newport Aug. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City Aug. 11
Alliance Seattle Aug. 11
Scotia Humboldt Aug 11
Willamette Seattle Aug. 12
Mackinaw Tacoma Aug. 12
Newburg Newport Aug. 12
Wellington Departure Bay j Aug. 12
Santa Hosa San Dieeo iAug. IS
Chtlkat I Humboldt j Aug. 13
Slam Nanalmo |Augr. 14
Czarina Seattle j Aug. 14
Coos Bay Newport lAug. 15
State California Portland JAuk. 15
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound! Aug. 15
City of Sydney. Manila lAug. 15
Arcata Coos Bay Au<. l.">
Orizaba jHumboldt Aug. 16
Empire (Coos Bay Aug. 16
Pomona jSan Diegro Aug. IT
Glenfargr (China and Japan Aui?. 17
Australia (Manila Aur. 17
Columbia | Portland lAur. 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails. Pier.
Aur. 11. 11 ami Pier 11
Aug. 12. 10 am|Pler 0
Aug. 12. 5 pml'ler 2
'A uk. IX 10 am | Pier 12
j Aug. 13. !) ami Pier 11
I Aug. 13. 1 pmPMSS
\Aug. 13. 4 pmjPier 4
lAur.I Aur. 1«. 10 am! Pier 9
Aug. 15, 11 am; Pier 11
Aug. 15. 9 amjPier 13
Auk. 17, 9am Pier 11
Aug 17. 10 am Tier 13
Aug. IS. 10 am Pl^r 12
Aug. 18. 10 amlPler 9
!aur. IS. 12 m PMSS
Sails.
Pomona San Diego 1
Orizaba Humboldt
Samoa Seattle
Columbia .. Portland
Homer Newport
Doric China & Japan!
Newburg . . Humboldt |
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Bd.
Santa Roea San Dleg-o
Chllkat Humboldt....
Coos Bay... (Newport
Arnata Coos Bay
State of Call Portland
Curacao ...i Mexico
Cy Panama I^ana ma j
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to - nationality !am •
tree of expense.
Navigators are. cordially invited to visit thi
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept ■on ham
; for comparison and reference, and the latea
information can always be obtained regardlni
lights, dangers to "navigation and all matter
of interest to ocean commerce. .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferr;
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoistei
about ten minutes before noon and dropped a
noon, 12<}th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signa
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropp<><
on time or giving the error, if any, is publish^
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. X., in charge.
SHIPPING IXTKLUGKXCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 10.
Stinr San Juan. Brown, days from Pan.
ama and way port".
Stair Orizaba, Parsons, 20 hours from Eu
re stmr Columbia. Green, 59 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. 50 hours from Yen.
tU Stmr "Walla Walla, 62% hours from Victoria
and Pufret Sound -orts.
Schr Guide, Oisen, 5 days from Crescen,
°Schr Gem Olsen, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Ocean Spray. Ostlin, 10 hours fron
Ll*"ie n prien, Hansen, 3 days from Cres-
Beck, 16 hours from Boweni
L Scnr n Lettitia. Wilson. 5% days from Coo.
Bay.
Ba> ' CLEARED.
.Wednesday, August 10.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, Eureka; Charles Nel-
Stmr Marlposa, Hayward. Honolulu and Syd.
s?m SS r P T?t kk a e n!a & E^nes^Nanalmo; Jo*
RHR Ha W i?mr San Mateo. Fletcher. Comox: Pa,
Mclntyre, Nanalmo: B
D Bark Sullen? Johnson, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Augu»t 10.
Stmr Westport. Peterson. '
Br stmr Nlngchow, Cross Comox.
Htmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Nanalmo.
V m stmr Gedney. Westdahl. surveying cruls*
of Washington.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Baj.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo.
Schr Reliance. Benedikton.
Schr Lily. Bottler. Umpqua. -,_„
Schr Parkersburg. Jorgensen. Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 10—10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, W; velocity. 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The J D Spreckels loads mdse for Honolulu;
Edward May, lumber and mdse for Sydney,
ump sum. DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— SaiIed Aug 10— Stmr Geo Loomil
Aug 10-Stmr Jewel, fo,
Sa t AN DIEG°6-Sailed Aug 10-Schr Sequoia,
for San Francisco; schr Salvator, for Gray»
TACOMA- Sailed Aug 9-Schr Beulah, for San
PP P ORT LOs ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 10— Stmi
A SEA a TTLE-^Arrlved io^-Stmr Conemaugb
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 10«-Stmr Conemaugn
fr EUREKA-Saned Aug 10-Stmr Scotia, fox
Sa — "Arrived Aug 10— Stmr State o!
California, hence Aug 3.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Georg«
Loomis, from Alcatraz Landing.
BEAR HARBOR— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr La
guna. hence Aug 8, and Balls Aug 11 for San
F FC>RT C BRAGG— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr CoquilU
River, for San Francisco. „ „ _ „
NEWPORT— SaiIed Aug 10— Sen Mary E Russ
GREENWOOD— Arrived Aug 10— Stm Whites
born, hence Aug 9.
ALCATRAZ LANDING— Aug 10— Stm
Geo Loomis, from Ventura, and sailed for Yen-
HOQUIAM— SaiIed Aug 7— Schr Ruby A
Cousins, for Redondo.
SEATTLE— Aug 10— Stmr George W
Elder, from Astoria. :_>•''.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug s— Stmr Jewel,
' from Caspar; schr Luise, from Umpqua; stmr
Pasadena, from Eureka.
Sailed Aug 9— Schr Bertie Minor, for Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Faralion,
: from Dyea; bark Edward May. from Vladivo
stock.
Sailed Aug Strr.r Diriejo. for .
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Aug 10— Br ship Roman
off, for Antwerp.
QI"EF:NHTOWX— Arrived Aug 10— Br ship
SprlnKburn, from Oregon.
TAIU.E BAY— In port July 6— Br bark Ellora,
from Hastings Mills.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Aujr B— Br ship
OllveUank, from Tyne, for San Francisco.
TABLE BAY— In port July 6— Br ship Beni
cla. from TaooTna.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Aug 9— Br ship
Senator, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
SYDNEY— Arrived Aug *— Stmr Alameda, hnc
July 14.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Western
land, for Antwerp; stmr Britannic, for Liver
pool.
Arrived Augr 10— Stmr La Champagne, from
Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr "Wee
hawken, from Philadelphia.
Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Corinthian, for Boston.
Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Cufic. for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Augt 9— Stmr Maine, for
Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Augr 10— Stmr Servia.
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Aug 10— Stmr Trave,
for New York.
OCEAH TBAV3X*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
hh^ Steamers leave Broadway
kSk,^ wharf. San Francisco:
HSJSBfek. For Alas! ports, 10 a. m..
t^*V*SsWi August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept 3.
I^X !«£Bva^ transfer at Seattle.
Hfr^Mfl Tflii For Alaskan ports (from
BttWT^rfMi Spear-street wharf). 10 a. m..
BB S^^^gJ^ August 3. 23. transfer at Fort-
t^tj^ For Victr i, Vancouver, (B.
C > Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m August 4 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, c nectlng at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
this <- m an > ma wit.- N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Aug.
6. 12. IS. 24. 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
thereafter.^ Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos. Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo).
nn'viota Santa Barbara. "Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1. 5, 9. IS, 17 21, 25, 29.
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter. «^
For San Diego, stopping only at Port *-
ford (San Luis Obispo) Santa Barbara, Port
tSvT Aneeles 7 an ii Redondr. (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Aug 3 7.U, 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and
~ £ EE 3 UU t tt I a e gda"na Bay. San Jose del
mho Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosa-
Ma and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of ■
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chan*a
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
EI TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
8t GOODALU e pER e KINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
WUUA ' 10 Market st San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. Co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IP O ttT I-i ,A. 3STD
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C»nC $12 First Class Including Berths
I" Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: ]
Columbia AUK - 3 - 13 ' 23 Septj2
Btat ™of California. July 30. Aug. S. IS. 28. Sept. 7
I; Paul $16 001 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00 Chicago 2400
Oman? . . •• • ••- • • 26 00! New York 3100
Omaha . E c W ARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO
Superintendents.
fHjWWMa* The S. S.MARIPOSA
'3Sl£aifaai s;ail! ' vta Honolulu ami
*"&*■ W Auckland for Sydney
M*™ -*—~ ._ Wednesday, August 10,
SlMnSnlO"^ at 10 p. t0 COOLGAR-
G)iWillJl»^ DIE. Australia, and
(0!IlB3Ry~ CAPE TOWN, Sout.
\wiiif.jivß| Africa.
j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantlque.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North -r-3ft»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <LTirTT\
by this line avoid both transit by ia*t»¥«s>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New YorJt to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $140;
second class, $116.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20.10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE ...Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE.... ........Sept. 24. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
FOR U. S. RAYY-YURD AND VALLEJO.
Stessasr "MontleeUo."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat »'
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30. p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ...1 p. m. and 8:30 p. -n.
Bunday? lf-30 a. m. and 8 p. m,
Landing and of flees— Dock, Pier 8.
; Telephone r.ed 224.L.WAS WEDDED
AT THIRTEEN
Three Years Later She
Was a Widow.
TOOK A SECOND HUSBAND
HIS. PRESENCE CAUSES HER TO
~:. ; .-: WISH FOR DEATH.
Though but Eighteen Years Old, Mrs.
Jessie Brintfo Has Had a
"•.'. ; : Very Romantic Ex
; perience.
'.. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.. . ' .— Broadway, Aug. 10.
' Mrs. JeFsie Brinko is at the Receiving
Hospital awaiting an examination .t*> 10
tufty. She is not more than eighteen ,
'year.- bas already been married j
• very two or three days she is i
: with a violent desire to end her |
life..
Brinko was formerly a resident of
Rive,r, and at the age of thirteen she
■ . lariitfa. Three years later she was a
r year had pass
the wife of her pres
. ent but • B i w» eka ago she showed
was taken to the Cha
riot (i - lenly Bhe expressed a most
n to her hui-band. 1 hey
• .have always lived happily together during j
• their two year? of married life, but when j
. pn her yesterday she showed ;
tha* his' presence was particularly 018
.'tasteful to her. and it had the effect of
'■ sending her into a violent lit. For two ;
■ s the little wife struggled to beat her!
- Inst the walls of her room and :
shows very plainly that the presence of j
• .her husband is all the influence necessary
j.O cause.' her to lose her self-con::
.The woman is too sick at present to be
moved, but has to be constantly watched.
" This afternoon she again became violent j
and needed three attendants to restrain j
her. . .
FAVOR ESTABLISHING
BAPTIST COLLEGES
RECOMMEND ACADEMIES FOR
THE COAST.
The Pacific Coast Conference Urges
the Necessity of a School West
of the Mountains.
.. OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— The Pacific Coast
Baptist Conference convened again this
when the advisability of estab
ng a ■ theological seminary and acad
waa extensively dis
1 -r: Woods urged the necessity j
"of n:>:'» }-;:i;itist colleges on the coast.
.' Brownson of the California
'.lfr.e urged the establiahment
":• liominatiunal academies to pre
• lents for college. Dr. Banks of
imento, Chaplain Sheelman of the
:nteers. Dr. A. E. Woods. Rev.
■f Portland and Key. M. L.
Huj--- n took part in the discus-
Blon. The latter read an interesting paper
the' subject. He contended that one
was enough for this coast, and
to divide on twu would be a calamity. He :
■■r the bay as being
:iar educational advantage for
■ Inarv. The California College
rk harmoniousJ;,- with it. but i
. r should be entirely independ- j
i
If. Hobart of the First Baptist ;
.- ■ oh nf this city spoke on the present i
He said the Pacific Coast was the '
:.«-w world, and that it is the
duty of the coast Christians to establish
. r the young where religious
; traiij: ng could be given. He believed
should be a Baptist theological
school -on the coast, too. and favored
placing a seminary in this city. In the
. cdurs< ■•> marks he referred to the
■ gVf-rpf.sSO,ooa by Mrs. Gray for a seminary
.-•aid that this was the nucleus for
! future «
- .The following committee was appointed
••to prepay tion as to the sense
■ of the n: : report at the after
. noon ...session. Rev. E. R. Bennett of
md, Rev. C. T. Douglas of Pasa
, <j.-na. : Rev. H. C. Woods, superintendent
" ofmi . the Pacific Coast; Rev M
I,'. Rupp ot Oregon. Robert Witaker of
.Oakland, Rpv. B. P, Huddleson of Reno :
Nev., urn! Dr.«. Brownson and Banks.
the afternoon session a resolution'
was adopted to the effect that it is the
■ 'sense of the mer-ting to hold a conven
. t-ion n.-xT May. to which delegates as far
east as- C should be invited, and
• .at. which the educational work of tht Bap
. tist denominatl be outlined.
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
Frank Cheeseman Formally Accused
. . . ■of Killing Henry Brooke.
.OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— The inquest was
Ireitl this, evening on the body of Henry
Brooke,. who wa; murdered Monday night
■ by' Frank Cheeseman.
The -chief witness was A. T. Batten, a
brother-in-law of the murderer. He said
that- .Cheeseman had spells of Insanity
■ and even when he was not drinking he
would" sometimes act as if crazy. Hat
•ten said h6 believed that Cheeseman was
crazy, and not drunk, when he killed
Brooke.
■ The only other witness of importance
was Mrs.. Brooke, wife of the victim. She
. repeated-' her story of the tragedy exactly
as -It. appeared in The Call the morning
.after- the murder. Drs. Olmst£ad and
Buteau testified as to the nature of the
wound, and the jury found a verdict of
"willful murder and formally charged
Cheeeem'an .with the crime.
'■ .Chettsemaa continues his statements
that he wishes the girl, Etta Payne, and
. ):>-r mother would die. He was not tak»-n
and the girl was too sick
iplt&l, although she is pro
rawy.
, MRS MARTIN IS FREE.
f"3he .Was Convicted for Bunkoing a
■ .-. -Weak-Minded Young Woman.
. .OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— Mrs. Mary Mar
• tin, tfte confidence woman who succ^ed
taining a fortune at about $14.
f'-rorn Miss Sarah E. Leonard live '.
•years <ik". has been pardoned by Gover- i
r. Bttdd.. Mm. Martin caused a great [
deal of troubli- to all the officers con- j
v.nh the prosecution and also to
State Prison officials by her
."frequent -attacks of sickness. Many of;
were belleVed to he shams, j
■ •'• '■'•■■ claimed a 1 the time of her con- j
•vti . . • • Mm. Mfirtin exercised a;
tlcspell over Mii^s Leonard, and;
that; -it reduced her physically and men- ■
. tallr-.'to Midi an extent that she became
m d was .^ent to an asylum. Mrs.,
• : M I upon her by
Jpdge- Greene, was ten yours in San
• Q She has Berved about four
yearn ajid a half.
;.: . • Calegaris Libeled.
G: Qalcgarl^. druggist at Kearny and
. . " " GRAPE-NUTU.
.":••'. /'AFTERNOON TEAS."
St. x^ouis. Mo., Ladies Serv- the New
•. • \ Food Delicacy.
; At some select afternoon "teas" in
St.' Lo : uis, Mq., the ladies have been
s'-rving the new food delicacy, Grape-
.Xuts; and it has become very popular,
-pVvingr to its novel and never to be for-
~ : gotten flavor as well as the fart that
if is ready to serve without »ny prep-
aration whatever, a most desirable
feature- for hurry breakfast and lunch-
eon. Made by Postum Co., Battle
Creek, Mich.
Pacific streets, swore to a complaint m
Judge Mogan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Cesare Crespi, editor of II *aes
sagerio. on the charge of criminal libel.
The alleged libel was contained in an ar
ticle published on July 12 reflecting on
Calegaris in regard to his love for his
i family.
CRUELTY TO A CAT.
Forecaster McAdie tfets a Warrant
for the Arrest of a Saloonkeeper.
The cat has found a friend in Alexander
G. McAdie. the local forecast official, and
his blood is up at the treatment accorded
a small specimen of the feline tribe yes
terday morning.
MoAdle was on a Sacramento street car
about 7 o'clock and. on passing Kearny
street, he saw a crowd of men and boys
X>n the corner. He got off the car and was
shocked to see a fox terrier making vio
lent efforts to kill a kitten that had taken
refuge under a barrel. Before he could
Interfere 1. N. Fitzpatrick, a saloonkeeper
at <>55 bacramento street, who owned the
dog, pulled the kitten by the tail from
underneath the barrel and threw it at the
dog. Ihe terrier grabbed it by the neck
a:ul mangled it fearfully.
McAdifl remonstrated with Fitzpatrick,
who threatened to "punch" his face. M>'-
Adie dared him to do it and Fitzpatrick
did not accept the defi. McAdie was so in
censed that he went to the California
street police station and lodged a com
plaint against Fitzpatrick. He was ad
vised to swear out a warrant for Fitzpat- I
rick's arrest an the charge of cruelty to
animals and as soon as court opened he
went before Judge Joachimsen and swore
to the complaint.
A BAD DAY FOR THE
SLEEPY SPIDERS
NESTS IN THE HALL OF JUS
TICE RAIDED.
A Gang of Men Makes an Effort to
Show That Work Will Be Done
on the Building.
Yesterday was a day of hard luck for
the myriads of spiders which have spun
their webs in the quiet nooks and cor
ners of the new Hall uf Justice. Some
thing has evidently struck the contract
ors and struck them hard, tor yesterday
morning a force of men was put to work
on the structure. There were a few car
penters and bricklayers, and a gang o.'
men armed with brooms. The army of
sweepers made a vicious onslaught on
the spiders and routed them with great
slaughter, killing thousands and destroy
ing their camps. A few escaped, and the
probabilities are that by next week they
will again be enjoying undisputed pos
session of the foundations ot the new
municipal building.
After destroying the spiders the men
with the brooms were put to work clear-
Ing away the accumulations of dust and
runbish "which for months has lain on the
walls. Why this is being done
none can tell, but it gives the impression
that the contractors intend makijyj their
semi-annual blurt by laying anouier row
of brick and stone, provided yesterday's
exertions have not b.een so fatiguing as
to necessitate a year's rest.
The dilatory work of the contractors
has been the subject of innumerable jests
until it hat- become a. by-word with the
"dead beat" of the vicinity that "1 will
pay that bill when the Hail of Justice is
The property owners in the
■d have long since failed to
see the joke. The delay in the construc
tion or the bu; % greatly depre
: the value ot their property, and
they see no immediate prospect of rem
edy.
FAST DOGS ENTERED.
Longtails That Will Course at Union
Park on Saturday.
An exceedingly large crowd was present ;
at Pythian Hali last evening to witness
the drawing for the big meeting which
will be held at Union Coursing Park on
Saturday and Sunday. A large percent- ;
age of the fastest dogs in the State figure I
on the list, and with favorable weather ,
some excellent sport should result. 'xae
drawing is as follows:
All-aged, open stake, sixty-two — Entries:
S. E. Portal's Lightning vs. Derby Kennel's
Little Porrlt; O. Fangor's TocaJoma vs. Rus
sell & Wilson's Jennie Wilson; Derby Kennel's
Mona vs. F. Zahl'l St. Carlo; A. & B. Ken
nel's Camilla vs. Larkey' & Rock's Liberty
Bell; Curtis & Son's Cavalier. .vs.' Joseph Mc-
Knell's Sportsman; F. A. Dwyer's Schley V 3.
John Kerrigan's I.ai!;i Rookh; Thomas McEl
downey's Right Bower vs. H. K. Baldwin's For
get; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. a L. Austin's
Glenatone; A. L. Austin's Douglass vs. P. Let
tich's Crusader; 8. E. Portal's Laurel wood vs.
G. Walsh'B Little Doubt; K. Pringle 8 Gladys
Pasha vs. G. Walsh's Native Son; C. F. Inger
boH's Glenwocd vs. E. V. Sullivan's Jesse
Moore: R. K. de Lopez' ■ Minneapolis vs. Mack
Herzog'a Little I>elisht; K. E. de Lopei To
baaco vs. John Kerrigan's Lady Blanche: F. C.
Mack's Black Patti vs. Thomas McEldowney's
Rai>id; F, Jones' Capadora '... vs. Larkey &
Rock's Hercules; F. Jones' Moonlight vb. Cur
tis & Son's Vanity Fair; A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty v». Mack & Herzoe's Lanky-
Bob; Bunsell & Wilson's Glen Rosa
vs. Curtis & Son's Highland Ball;
E. & R. Scott's Mystery vs. I. F. Halton'H Tic
Tar; D. Hooper's Bendalonp vs. Curtis & Son's
Miller's Maid; George Whitney's Theron vs. A.
Johnson's Lis?ak; Bartell Broß. Bounc;ng Bid
dy vs. E. & R. Scott's Wild Flower; Larkey
& Rock's Minerva vs. Curtis & Son's Commo
dore; A. & B. KPnnei s Governor Markham
V 3. J. J. Warner's Sweet Lips; E. & R. Scott's
Seldome vs. Pasha Kennel's Metallic; Russell
& Wilson's Victor Chief vs. H. O'Donnell's
Elma O; E. & K. Scott's Dr. Norman vs. R.
E. <le Lopez's Winona; John PerrUro'a Chili
Pepper vs. H. P.. Baldwin's Grasshopper: M.
Nealon's Van Knapp vs. Thomas McEldow
ney's The Gossorn; E. .*.- H. Scott's Lord By
ron vs. Pasha Kennel's Alameda.
Sapling stake, ten entries— Pasha Kennel's
Road Agent vs. R. E. de Lopez's Santa Inez;
George Whitney's Thisbe vs. R. E. de Lopez's
Santa Ana; R. E. de Lopez's Santiago va.
Pasha Kennel's Rollicking Ayrs; R. E. de Lo
pez's Santa Rita vs B. Numan's Lady Gar
net; E. V Sullivan's Bit or Fashion vs. F.
Herring's St. Elmo".
Influences of the war on politics
discu&sed by prominent pecpie ijj
next Sunday's Call.
ACTION HAS BEEN DELAYED.
Wells-Fargo & Co. Will Not Be Both
ered in This City.
At the regular meeting of the directors
of the Merchant* 1 Association yest. ■
the following partieswere selected as reg
ular members of the association, making
the present total membership 985 busi
ness firms:
Alhambra Theater Company; William
Beckmann; B. Bonnet & Son- Jarr^ S
Pr r e°v WW A n tht> E - ,B, Bu ?kingham; f John Caf
trey, A. Chichizola & Sons; R. H. Daley
L. Dll " d ; £agle; Tannery; Excelsior
Coal and Screening Company; Ferry
Drug Comparfy; A. Fodera- Gardner A
Glassell; Co erCk p c ft Weber? C. Gre'erS
wait & Co.; Professor Haum*i*r (mo v
Alex it-, R. T. Kennedy Company;
Frederick Klopper; Walter G. Lan C don
John A. Lennon; Murks Brothers; Mc-
Lellan Brothers; Mendelson Brothers"
Bcblosa Crocker: P^Pany: Schumacher
& Co.; blmpkins & Thorp- E T Smith-
The Stuparlch Manufacturing cbmSnJ-.
I nion tish Company; United Working
men Boot and Shoe Company, and J
Zentner & Co.
Regarding the war revenue tax upon
receipts issued by express companies, ad
vices have been received that a decision
against the express company had
been secured in Chicago and that the
Merchants Association of New York had
already begun its action against the ex
press company there. Under the circum
stances the board deemed it advisable to
await further developments In the
suits pending in New York and in Chi
cago, as any action taken in the courts
here would not take precedence of the
cases being prosecuted.
It was decided that a public reception
should be tendered by the members of
the Merchants' Association to President
Dohrmann upon his return from his Eu
ropean trip. He is expected to reach this
city by the middle of next month.
Fatally Crushed.
Irving Schick, son of Max Schlck, ga
loon keeper. Park avenue, climbed on to
a truck loaded with hay that was being
driven into a barn on Franklin street yes
•, rday and fell. One of the wheels passed
over his body and he died a few hours
later at his father's residence. The boy
was a bright little fe'iow, five years of
age.
Bret Harte begins a new Btory in
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
HOW PEACE MAY AFFECT RE
ORGANIZATION.
The Official List of Those Who Have
Entered the Auxiliary Naval
Foree — Some Interesting
Figures.
During the past week there has been
but very little doing in National Guard
circles, particularly in this city. At divi
sion headquarters answers are being re
ceived to the series of questions sent out
by Major General Dickinson concerning
the status of what there is left of each
regiment, from which men were drawn
to make up the requisite number of the
j quota of the State on the first and second
| calls for volunteers.
Until all such replies shall have been
filed, it will be impossible to start on the
movement for reorganization. There are
some who are of the opinion that in view
of peace, some of the California com
mandß at the local camps, and the one
across the bay, may not be sent away,
but may be mustered out. If that should
happen, it is possible that the men who
are in such commands will return to Na
tional Guard duty and in a measure facili
tate the matter of re-establishing the
State force.
The following is the official list of the
leaves of absence granted to officers and
furloughs given to enlisted men of the
Naval Militia for one year for the pur
pose of enabling them to enter the auxil
iary naval force of the United States
navy :
I Officers— Captain Louis H. Turner, command-
I Ing militia; Lieutenant William E. Gunn, com
j manding the Second Division; Lieutenant T.
I M. Shaw, navigating- officer; Lieutenant W. F.
i Burke, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Albert H.
I Elliott, junior gTade, Second Division; Lieu
! tenant Addiaon E. Morgan, Junior grade, Third
j Division: Lieutenant J. M. Squire, junior
: grade, Sixth Division; Joseph J. Delaney. en
| sign, Sixth Divisioni William George Morrison.
: ensign. First Division; Lieutenant Harry P.
! Gray, Junior grade, passed assistant, Engineer
! Division; Lieutenant A. E. Williams, Junior
I grade, pauad assistant, Engineer Division; En
j sign O. E. Kammerer. Second Division.
Enlisted men— Henry A. Harris, John K.
I Burke. Daniel M. McMillan, William Corllsg,
! Oscar F. Smith, John F. McGowan, Henry H.
j T. Samuels, Alf H. Pollack, William Huldredge,
i Ft. H. Barry. John M. Meyer, George W.
Green. Patrick Flynn, William H. Stone,
Charles L. Bender, Emanuel Holf, William F.
< Varcoe. Russell F. Reed, Henry Sehroeder,
j Robert Huntiri^ton. Earnest Johnson, Antone
i Johnson. Joseph Brophy. Alfred T. McCabe.
James R. Plevine, James M. Flack, R. C. Cor
; rigan, Charles R. Alburger, Frederick R. Sut
ton. Charles Johnson, Guy Barry, B. J.
O'Hern, William F. Buckley, Walter W. Tolea,
George H. Brown, Lewis C. Vannier, Hans
n, W. Alexander, H. F. Bouris. A. Mo-
Krr. E. Mensor. Thomas W. Stack, Harry <_•.
Beck, F. B. Hargia, Adolph Qroox, Wuuam
M. Smith. Leo M. Lasner, Charles H. Wheeler,
Samuel M. Linge, T. B. Robertson lin Engineer
tsion), G. B. Greer, H. Braunagle. A. Poolc
Engineer Division), Andrew W. Watson.
? J. Lee. Charles E. Clark, James T. Gil-
James H. Howard, William M. Belz,
ge F. Wiggins, F. Poole (in Engineer Di
«), H. S. West. H. R. S. Teapue, T. M.
ar.l. William V. Egan, C. C. McMillan,
iam J. Foley, O. P. Walden, W. L. Hamil
ton, C. P. Hensley, H. Archer, Fred C. Get
llffe, Hans T. Holton. Edward J. Uhl, Charles
Johnson, C. Rankey, F. L. Raccoaillat, Aylmer
Haley, A. Landon, M. T. Clauss.
From the records of the office of the
Adjutant General at Sacramento it ap
pears that of the 4637 men who were mus
tered in on the first and second call for
volunteers from the State of California
there were 4071 natives of the United
States, and of this number IS7O are na
tives of California. The* next State that
contributed the greatest number was
Illinois with 229; then there are the fol
lowing States in excess of 100: New York,
213; lowa, 1*0; Missouri, 17B: Ohio, IK>.
Pennsylvania. 126; Kansas. 106. The
smallest number above rtve was furnished
by Colorado, Maryland and Vermont,
each 13.
The citizens of foreign birth who are
in the ranks show figures as follows:
Germany. 124; England, 94; Canada, 79;
Ireland. 70; Denmark, 34; Scotland and
Sweden, 25 each; Switzerland, 17; other
■:i countries, 91. The total of volun
teers of United States birth, 4071; of for
irth, 566. But this does not include
recruits <>n second call.
The tallest volunteers are James "W .
Gray, sergeant of Company F of the
Eborn in Texas, and H. Goslin. pri
m the same company, native of San
risro each 6 feet 6 inches, while the
- William H. Holden of Com
pany F, Eighth Regiment, born in San
Francisco. 5 feet Vt inch.
By th««e records the question that will
hereafter arise as to who was the oldest
and the voungeet volunteer from Cali
fornia, outside of the recruits on the sec
ond call, will be settled. The oldest is
Captain Lemuel E. Lyon. Company H,
Eighth Regiment, age .->8 years; the
youngest. Second Lieutenants H. L. :
thai of b, Sixth Tnfantry. and
A. Eighth Regiment, each 19.
The vountcM enlisted man is Private
Louis Hilmer of C. Eighth Regiment,
from Petaluma, aged 18.
SAYS HE WANTS TO
BE BURIED ALIVE
ALBERT FERDINAN'S QUEER IRE
QUEST OF THE POLICE.
Declares That He Has Lived in the
Grave Six Days Without Any
Apparent Injury.
A -well-dressed young man, giving his
name as Albert Ferdinan, last night vis
ited police headquarters and asked for a
permit to bury himself alive. Sergeant
Moffltt. who was on duty at the time
was so surprised at the request that he
was first tempted to have him arrested
for being insane. As the young man
seemed rational enough Moffltt decided to
listen to his story. Ferdinan. in a rather
soft voice, declared that he was "broke
and wanted a chance to make some
""My" "proposition is to be buried alive,"
he remarked. "I have lived under the
ground for six days and nights, and can
prove it by • prominent men of Kansas
City, Galveston, Tex., and other Places
Mv scheme is to have the coffin in which
I am to be buried hermetically sealed
and then lowered in six feet of earth,
1 have consulted several undertakers, but
L inly seem to. think that I am men
fallv deranged I concluded to apply to the
cfhlcf of Police for permission to bury my-
M - rail it suspended animation but me
doctors refer to it as a comatose sleep,
which virtually means the same. In
Kansas City I was buried for six days
md five nights. Considerable interest was
?aken in the test, and bets of 10 to 1 were
,i» that I would not come out
Xc At the expTration of the sixth day
I was dug out! apparently as full of life
as the day they buried . me. ■ • .
"\iv father did the same trick, as they
call it and I presume that it is hereditary
with me 1 know the residents of this
city will scoff at the idea of one being
buried alive for a short period, but if they
r"v" me a chance I will convince them of
fhlir error Mv proposition is that,
with the police consenting. I will allow. a
committee of responsible men to place me
in a coffin and then cover me with six
feet oT earth. I am willing to take the
chance of being suffocated but at the
same time I m S satisfied that I will
emerge as full of life as when I allowed
myself to be placed in the coffin."
Ferdinan says his brother is possessed
r,f thf same supernatural power. He is
anxious ™ show the people of this city
Sthecan do, and to-day he will en
deavor to the consent of the Chief
of Police to be buried for a period, of six |
days. -..-■ ■. -"'« . — . |
/ PEACE IN THE BELL HOME.
Suit to Declare Its Mistress Incompe
tent Dismissed by Judge Coffey.
Peace reigns once more in the "house
of mystery," the home of the Bells. The
differences that have existed between
young Fred Bell and Mrs. Theresa Bell
for the past few years have occupied no
Inconsiderable portion of Judge Coffey's
time but according to the young man's
attorney the days of contention have
passed, all difficulties h*ving been sat
isfactorily adjusted.
Some time ago Fred brought suit
aeainst the woman he supposed to be
his mother, Mrs. Theresa Bell, for an
accounting of the guardianship of the es
tate. The young man claimed that Mrs.
Bell and "Mammy" Pleasant had con
spired to squander the estate, had starv- j
c-d the children, and had been guilty of |
general misconduct. While being exam
ined as a witness in that case Mrs. Bell,
in her exasperation, declared that Fred
Bell, the complainant, was not her son.
Mrs. Bell's repudiation of her relation
ship to the plaintiff was not made an
issue in the case, but in any event, upon i
final judgment, the court refused to in
terfere in the matter of guardianship, al
though the family allowance was mate
rially decreased.
Later young Bell petitioned the court
to declare Mrs. Bell incompetent and to
appoint another guardian for her chil
dren. Yesterday morning, however, on
motion of the attorneys representing all
the litigants, the case was stricken from
the calendar. The court was informed
that an amicable adjustment of the mis
understanding had been arrived at, and j
that amid peaceful surroundings Fred \
was dwelling in the mansion of the
Bells. U
THE ASTORIA REGATTA.
The Leading Oarsmen of This Oity
Will Be in the Contests.
Entries closed yesterday for the Asto
ria regatta, which will be held August
19, 20 and 22. This will unquestionably be
the greatest aquatic event ever held on the
Pacific Coast, and local oarsmen are tak
ing great interest in it. as several crews
from here will participate. The local
crews are as follows.
The Alameda four— E. B. Adcoek, bow;
W. G. Hansen. No. 2; A. C. Webb, No.
3. and F. W. Avers, stroke; E. V. Hansen.
cockswain. S. J. Pembroke will go with
the crew as coach. _
The South Ends are: Gus Carson, bow,
Robert McArthur, No. 2; George Bates,
No. 3 and Frank Duplissea, stroke;
George McGSll, cockswain.
The barges and the shells will be sent
to Astoria by the steamer leaving here
on August 13, and many oarsmen from
this part of the country will go by the
same steamer. The crews will go to their
destination a few days later by rail.
Apart from the crews mentioned the
oarsmen, Frank Duplissea, Dr. C. C. Den
nis. Alex Pape, Coney Ochs and Frank
Wilson, will be on hand to take part in
the single scull events.
English Sympathy.
Union Square Hall was crowded last
night by ladies and gentlemen who at
tended the entertainment given by the
Sons and Daughters of St. George for the
benefit of the Red Cross Society. There
were also present a number of the boys in
blue and the band of the First Tennessee
Regiment of Volunteers. The hall was ar
tistically decorated with American flags
and the flag of St. George. There were
fourteen numbers on the programme,
which include* vocal and instrumental se
lections, recitations and quartets by
members of Company H of the Tennessee
Volunteers. After the programme there
was dancing until midnight. There wits
presented to each person entering a sou
venir programme embellished with half
tone pictures of going to and leaving
Camp Merritt.
FRANCE MAY HAVE
TROUBLE WITH SIAM
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 10.— Mall ad
vices brought on the Empress of Japan
say: Strained relations are said to exist
between France and Siam, and the out
look is serious. The news, as received
from Singapore via Hongkong, says:
The greatest excitement reigns in Sia
mese official circles in Bangkok on ac
count of the alleged conduct of M. Mont
mittonett. a member of the French Le
gation. Under the French-Siamese con
vention of 1893 all Laotians in Siamese
territory must be allowed and even as
sisted by the Siamese Government to
cross the left bank of the Mekong. In the
YVmana district, owing to high water in
the Mekong, a caravan of Laotians under
French guidance quits Siamese soil each
year.
This year they were superintended by
M. Montmittonett, and he met Mr. Rob
yns, the representative of the Siamese
Government. It is alleged that the
Frenchman treated the Siamese represen*
tatlva in an intolerably overbearing man
ner.
Prince Devawongse has practically com
manded the French Government to dis
miss Montmittonett, and demands that
he be punished. Consequently the rela
tions between the Siamese and the French
Governments are greatly strained. The
Siamese, it is said, threaten to shoot
down any Laotians who cross from Si
amese territory without Siamese pass
ports. Numbers of them have done so.
This seems to be the real cause of the
rupture.
SACRAMENTAN DROWNED.
Louis Morgan Perishes En Route to
the Klondike.
SEATTLE, Aug. 10.— Information re
ceived from Long Lake, B. C, records
the drowning of Louis Morgan of Sacra
mento. Cal. He lost his life in the Shis
ley River eight miles from its confluence
with the Inkling, while on his way to
1 ;ike Teslin, in company with twenty
others. The party built ten boats at
Hudson Bay post, fifty miles from Tele
graph Creek, and loading them with sup
plies attempted to go down the Shisley
and up the Niahlin to Lake Teslin trail.
This proved a perilous undertaking, as
seven boats were swamped and the car
goes lost, besides the drowning of Mr.
Morgan.
Senator Teller of Colorado writes
about the dangers of the new trade
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
Chinese-Made Clothing.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald has for
warded to Governor Budd a long report
upon the matter of Chinese being employ
ed in the manufacture of garments for the
soldiers. About the time the labor unions
began their agitation against this injus
tice, Major Long of the Quartermaster's
Department caused to be inserted in the
contracts for clothing a clause prohibit
ing the employment of Chinese In this
work. That this clause was not observed
was well known. However the local Chin
ese Vice-Consul came to the conclusion
that the presence of the clause in the con
tracts was a discrimination against his
people, and in violation of treaties be
tween the two countries, so he wrote to
Secretary Day at Washington. The latter
passed the communication along to Gov
ernor Budd, who asked the Labor Com
missioner to make an investigation.
The Labor Commissioner's report will
take the Governor some time to read, for
HOITT'S SCHOOL
(FOR BOYS-LIMITED).
Large corp» of teachers. Superior home ac-
commodations. Next term opens August 9,
1898- IRA O. HOITT. Ph. D-, Principal.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 Van Ness aye.; opens August 16. Certi-
ficate admits to Vassar. Wellesley and Smith
colleges Accredited to the University ot Cali-
fornia. Kindergarten in connection with the
school . Number of house_pupils Umltgd.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Ness Seminary'). 1549 Jackson st.. S. F.
Term opens August 4. Departments school
work from Kindergarten to College Prepara-
tory Counje. Address MISS SARAH D. HAM-
LIN, MRS EDNA SNELL POULSON.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladles. 2126 California St.. San Francisco. Will
reopen August 1. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
A- THE LYCEUM PREPARATORY SCHOOL
—This school prepares students for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; its grad-
uates are admitted without, examination to
Stanford University and Cooper College on
recommendation of the princinal: references.
President Jordan or any Stanford professor.
Phelan bulldine.
it consists of ninety typewritten pag-es, in
which the question is ably reviewed. It
will likely be transmitted to Secretary
Day and by him to the Chinese Vice-Con
sul.
BOXING BOUTS ON TAP.
The National Club Will Give an En
tertainment in Woodward's
Pavilion .
The National Athletic Club is aerafn In
the field of athletic competition, notwith
standing the fact that Judson Gibbs, the
senior member of the club. Is at present
in the Alaskan gold fields. Groom has an
nounced that a contest will be held in
Woodward's Pavilion August 24. The
event of the evening' will consist of a
twenty-round contest between Dudly
Evans and Fred Muller. Young Peter
Jackson and Jack Slater will box fifteen
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
■ E SA«IA T MENTO E July^Oth.'^S. | <* ta « Assembly Constitutional Amendment
WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of No. 36. )
California, at Its thirty-second session begin- A resolution to propose to the people of the
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1597. ! State of California, an amendment of section
two-thirds of all the members elected to each ; fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
I of the two houses of said Legislature voting ; Constitution of the State of California, by
In favor thereof, proposed the following de- which it is proposed to amend said sections to
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the , read as follows:
State of California, to- wit: Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE. ; elected at the same time and place and in the
„ „ * _ * A _ , , Amarst -v- ! same manner as the Governor, and his term of
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No. ; office and h , s qua!ln( . utlons shall be the same.
41.) ! He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
A resolution to propose' to the people of the ' only have a casting vote therein.
State of California, an amendment to section Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
eighteen of article eleven of the Constuu- the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
tlon. In relation to revenue and taxation, by Inability to discharge the powers and duties
i which it Is proposed to amend said section to ; of his office, resignation, or absence from the
read as follows' ' State, the powers and duties of the office shall
Section 18 No county, city, town, township, devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
board of education, or school district shall In- residue of the term, or until the disability
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man- shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year ; nor be impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
i the income and revenue provided for It for. become incapable of performing the duties of
i such • year without the assent of two-thirds , his office, or be absent from the State, the
lof the qualified electors thereof, voting at an president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
! election to be held for that purpose, nor-un- ; as Governor until the vacancy in the office of
less before, or at the time of incurring such ; Governor shall be filled at the next general
Indebtedness provision shall be made " for tne election when members of the Legislature shall
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay ; be chosen, or "ntll such disability of the Lieu-
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it jails tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking . cancy In the office of Governor for any of the
fund for the payment of the principal thereof reasons above named, and neither the Lleu-
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed tenant Governor nor the president pro tempore
forty years from the time of contracting the ; O f the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
same; provided, however, that the City ana : duties of Governor, .then the powers and duties
County of San Francisco may at any time pay O such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
I materials furnished to and work done for saia , sha i, be fll]e( j at BUcn general election.
a fourt CC h O fls'cal years* ouVo/^nco^e and AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
revenue of any succeeding year or years , pro- (Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
vided. that any and all claims for making, re-
Forlns ma™ furnUhe^foTwy^AetliSn" A resolution to propose to the people of the
! aifev ro^rt nkr or sidewalk or for the con- State of California an amendment to Section
' rtrurtlon ?f »ny sewer or Siwen In said city Fix. Article nine of the Constitution of the State
' and county are herJbv except»d from the pro- ' of California, relating to grammar schools by
! visions of V th" section^ and fn determining any ! which it is proposed to amend said section to
' claim nermitted to bo raid by this section, no read as follows: public school system shal! £
statute of limititionV shall apply in any man- i Section 6. The public school system shall in-
ner- and provided further that the City of I elude primary and grammar schools, and such
Valielo in Solano T County may -pay its exist- i high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
ing lndebted S Incurred' in the construction ; and technical schools as may be established by
of its waterworks whenever two-thirds of the . the Legislature or by municipal or district
elector? thereof voting at on election held for ' authority but the entire revenue derived from
SffSSSS^SK --- ' S&ftfjWS f e^u^e,y he to St f $port^
SV«? " C " UOn hereln ' ef ° re recited, primary ,-d inSe^schooif^lanlz^r 11 !
shall be void. __« Bchool district, or union of school districts
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO. having more than one thousand inhabitants. In
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No. , -hlch a course of study shall be taught which
1 10 ) i will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
A resolution proposing to the people of the mining or «*%££ department of the Unl-
State of California an amendment to the Con- versity or California.
stitutlon of the State, by adding a new sec- AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
sLv'enand^one^lf 1 . article^evenihe^Vrpro"- (Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of - No. 34).
counties, of local county government acts for A resolution to pro pose to the people of tha
their own government. The said proposed new tate of California an amendment to Section
section to read as follows: two of Article four of the Constitution, in rela-
Section 7»4. The Inhabitant*, of any county t , on to sesslons 0 th«-- Legislature, by- which it
may frame a county government act for tnair ,8, 8 propose( i to amend said section to read as
own government, relating to the matters here- fo | ]owB;
lnafter specified, and consistent with, and sub- Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
Ject.to, the Constitution and laws of this btaie. all commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who the flrBt Monday after the first day of January
have been, for at least five years, quannea nest BUcce eding the election of its members,
electors of such county, to be elected t>y tne , and Bna n be biennial unless the Governor shall
qualified electors of such county, at any gen- in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
eral or special election, whose duty it bnau De j ama tir,n. The Legislature shall then remain
within ninety days after such election, to pre- , a session for twenty-five days, after which it
pare and propose a county government act for j mUE t adjourn to some date not less than thirty
such county, which shall be signed In dupll- nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma- I journment. If the two houses ■ fail to agree
Jorlty of them, and returned, one copy thereof ; upon a time at which they will resume their
to the Board of Supervisors or other leglsla- | session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
tlve body of such county, and the other copy ; fix a ,j ate f Or guch reconvening, which shall be
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
county Such proposed county government act assembling, the Legislature shall, complete its
shall then be published In two papers of gen- session. No pay shall be .allowed to members
eral circulation in such county, or if there be ; f or a longer period than seventy-five days, and
not two such papers, then in one only, for at ; no bill ball be introduced in either house ex-
leaet twenty days, and within not less than : cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
thirty days after such publication It snail be . without the consent of three-fourths of the
submitted to the qualified electors Of such ; members thereof. ..
county at a general, or special 'election, and If | NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provl-
a majority of such qualified electors voting | ii O ns of the Constitution, and an act of the
thereon shall ratify the same. it shall there- | Legislature of the State of California, entitled
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its j "An act to provide for the submission of pro-
rejection or approval, as a -whole, without | posed amendments to the Constitution of the
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap- ■ state of California, to the qualified electors for
Droved by a majority of the members elected ; their approval." approved March 7. A. D. 1883,
to each house, It shall be the county govern- the above-described Proposed amendments are
.ment act. of such - county, . and shall in such | hereby published and advertised to be voted
case become the organic law thereof and super- ; .upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
cede any existing county government act. and State, at th election to be held throughout
ail amendments thereof, and all special laws this Prate on
inconsistent with euch county government act. j TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. IS9S. .
A copy of such county government act. certi- The said proposed amend! are to be sep-
fled by the President of the Board of Super- arntely voted upon '*« manner and form aa fol-
vlsora or other legislative body of such county, lows: #
and authenticated by the seal of such county. Each ballot used at such election must eon-
setting fcrth the submission of such county tain written or. printed thereon the fallowing
government act to the electors, and Ha ratlflca- words, -whereupon the voter may express his
tlon by them, shall be made In duplicate and choice as provided by law:
deposited, one In the _ of flee of the Secretary of Amendment Numbel . One. being Senate f
State. VV h c other._ after beinsrewnled in the constitutional Amendment No. 41
office of the "foraer °* a ££°* ' n tne couuty. (exemptln p ccr taln claims against the
amonp the ttrc . n^ l e8 fB O J o tl ?* d T° < vu a nty ,- Hr<> tH( >r»of City and County of San Francisco, and
All courts a > l _**" J ' J c d t lc £ l "f.fl^ mlv ba the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
amended. at o '"^Vherefor aub"?ttid by the water worta frotn the P rciv l s lons of No
years, by pr°P? sa ?? v tn * f fretr ttt u r - cou^tv to tha the Constitution requiring such claims
legislative ,, t th ° rlt ? h °-LJ he . s ou . nt> ' n '°., „ to be paid from the income and reve-
.Cci-l r'elect^'held^arieas'VoAy^s^fter f"'"^^ year ln whlch the^ were
tor^S^r-SSSf'SrSS.SS-lS --> -- ". ,
■mrh county and ratified by at least three- Amendment Number Two. being Senate f
«'th« of the qualified electors voting thereon. Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Yea
nnrl fimrovtd by the Legislature as herein pro- (providing: for framing local county I— —
vMni for th«. approval of the county govern- government acts by Inhabitants off No
rn»nt act In submitting any such county gov- counties for their government). I
ernraent aei. any alternative article or proposl- For the Amendment? (
tion may be presented for the choice of the Amen d me nt Number Three, being Sen- f
voters, and may be voted on separately with- ate constitutional Amendment No. I
out prejudice to others. 44 (providing for the creation of a '
It shall be competent in all county govern- Court of Claims to determine claims : Tea
ment acts framed under the authority given Dy against the State, and to consist of
this section, to provide for the manner In three s upe rior Judges designated by No
which, the times at which, and the terms for the Governor to serve without extra
which the several township and county officers romr>ensatton) I
otter than Judges of the Superior Court, shall 1^ Amendment? {
be elected or aPP°» nt^ d f : *° h t o % l I?S!I ?S! n ?E: Amendment Number Four, being As- :
tlon; for the number of such offlcers. for the Bembly Constitutional Amendment
consolidation or s^gation of .offices, for the No - 37 (««™Pt»ne consolidated cities Ye,
number of deputies that each officer shall have d count i es , organized or to be or-. _-?
and for the com P en *?"™ t>n> able to each of panized. or holding a charter un- No
such deputies for the manner In which., the £ th constitution, from certain leg- • •
times in which, and the l r ™ s c t o ' wh '«h the ,Bla, 8lat on In relation to counties). *
members of all b°« d » °/n/ nr cI ,l c "°JL,, !! , hh f a , J,^ For the Amendment?
.r.,,..! n r aDDOinted; ana ror tne constitution, *  . _, . .
lotion compensation and government of Amendment Number F ye, being As-
Inch hoards and of their clerks and attaches: sembly Constitutional Amendment
IV«^ to prescribe the manner and method by No. 36 (relating to office of Governor. Ye.
iw;h all elections by the people shall be con- providing for succession thereto In
and : may in addition determine the certain cases and removing disabling No
tests and conditions upon which electors, po- of Lieutenant Governor from holding
mical parties and organizations may pa.-tlcl- other office during term),
lltlca pai ii " , ary election. For the Amendment?
P^.vhlnever any county has. In the manner and Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
method hlreln pointed out. adopted any county bly Constitutional Amendment No. S3 . Ye.
MvernmeSt act T and the same shall have been (relating to and defining Grammar- ——
BDDrnved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the Schools). No
dictions of sections four and five of this For the Arnendmfnt?
tini. Providing for . the uniformity of a Amendment Number Seven, being As-
R "™ of county governments throughout the sembly Constitutional Amendment
c.atA and likewise providing . for the election No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yea
«n?l appointment of officers, and the regula- Legislature for not less than thirty
tion of their compensation, shall not apply. nor more than sixty days during each No
Knld county government act shall, as to any of session).
the matters herelnabove provided for and de- For the Amendment? I
claredby such county government act. not be witness my hand and the Great Seal of th*
subject to any law or amendment^ enacted by Btate of California, the day and y fr herein
the Legislature except by amendment in first first above Written;
■mbmUtST to th. elector- and ratified In the flrst JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
manner hereinabove set forth. \ Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE. rSEAL.I . , -'
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Ktate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six, thereby providing for the
organ' zatlon of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
"Mon^^ThrCourt of Claims .hall con-
f&rt Ion V 4 The Court of Claims nhall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under suon
I laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March; . _ .
In the City and County of San Francisco,
i commencing on the second Monday in July.
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
i the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall ;
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury. j
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary <
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
■ AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 57.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments, The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6%. • The provisions of sections four
and five or this article shall not, nor shall any
-lecislntlon passed ■ pursuant ■ thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government. ;
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall j
have become, or shall become, organized under ,
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article. * I
rounds and Budd Tern.- and "Kid" Mc-
Fadden will meet in a ten-round bout.
VAUDEVILLE TEAM AT OUTS.
Lotta Holmes Accuses T. P. Gleason
of Taking Her Jewelry.
Lotta Holmes and Thomas P. Gleason,
the electric duo team, will likely dissolve
their private and public partnership. They
are both well known on the vaudeville
stage, and have been living together at
948 Mission street.
Yesterday morning Lotta secured a
search-warrant in Judge Mogan's court
to recover possession of a watch, a chate
laine and a medal valued at $175. which
she alleges Gleason appropriated between
2 and 7 o'clock yesterday morning.
Gleason denies the allegation and defies
her to prove her assertion. He left the
house early yesterday morning because
be could not stand her abusive f ~ngue.
•""""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, I
■/Hrxtrtdrl 025 HE.4BXTST. Established
ttd^fl^ShSi in 1*34 for the treatment of. Private
Ma 13k. I>lsena**s t Lost Manhood. Debility or \
S£aj3^"&i!a disease wearing on body ittul mind and
24H|B^Bg Skin Di«fußfS. TheUoclorcureswheu
JUiKBH others fall. Try him. Chur^es low.
iffiflfßiiWiKn fnrr* r — ~~n~t~— i Callorwrlte.
Or. J. V. t>(BßO>', Box 1937, San Francisco.
. , RAILROAD TRAVEL
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
Via Sausallto Parry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO .MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '8:00, *9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1-45 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays, .
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
"'SUNDAYS— »8:00, »9:00, »10:00, 11:00. llt3o
a. m ; 1:00. *I:*3, *2:30. '4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11-00 au m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
6 -30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked * run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK' DAYS— ; . *6:25. 7:55, 8:25. »3:SO j
am ; ♦12:20. 2:10, »3:40, 4:35. 5:15 p. m. H
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays j
and Saturdays at 8:40 p. m. .
STNDAYS-7:00, •S:00. •9:45. '10:43. '11:45
a m ; 1:00, 2:20. '3:30, •5:15. »6:00. 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start frfm San Quentln. -
FROM MILL VALLEY T6 SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 6:45. 7:55. 8:43, 10:10
a. m. : 12:40, 2:25, 3:55, 4:56, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m. 12:05, 1:20.
2 40. 3:55, 5:30. 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Caiadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p.' m. week days (Saturday ezcepted)— To-
males and way stations. * -
8:00 a. m Sundays— Cazs.iero and' way iita'ns. i
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way ata'ns, j
R ATT, BO AD TRAVEL. . _
.soitii»:k> irif *:o.nrAßiT.
. {PACiriC mm an )
i Train* l«n*o mid me dn« to nrrlve «*
KAK KKANt !*««».
! (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
csave — From Jci.t 10, 1898. — arrive
msToOa NilesrSan Jose and Way Stations... •8:45 a
7:<>O v Kt-iiicia, Suisun »nd Sacramento.... 10:43 a.
?:UO.\ Marjarille, Oro»ille»nd Redding »i»
Woodland 5:45r
7:00 a Klmira. Vacarille and Rumsey • 8:40 j>
7:30\ Martinez. Sau Ramon, Vallejo. Nap*.
. ('alin-ura and Santa Rosa S:lsp
<*:(>»\ Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kaat.. 8:13r
»iU»a .San .lose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, .Sacramento, Maryaviile, --^
Chico. Tehama and Reil 81urt.... 4il3r
■%-.:\O». Peters, Oakdaleand Jamestown .... 7ilap-
«»j3Oa Milton •7il»»
Uiooa New Orleans i:«prMs, Merced, Fres-
no, liaker.ilieid, Santa lUrlmra,
'/' ! 1»» Angeles, DemliiK. El I'aao,
New Orleans and Eest... 6i4.*»p
I0:OO\ Vallejo, Martinez and Way Station* 7:43p
•I :OOi> Sacramento River Ste*niM» *W:OOp
San Jose, Nile* and Way Stations.. . JO: 13a
StOOp LiTennore, Met dots. Hanford and „ _
Visalla 4:13p
;/..... LlTermore, Son Jose, Nilesaod Way '■
Stations JH»:l5a
4:OOp Martinez, Ran Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, CaligUiga, Xl Verano and • : ■
Santa Rosa »«1»A
4:0 Or Benioia, VacaTUle, Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marj«Tille, Oro- •
Title and Sacramento « 0:1.1*
4:!»0p Nilos. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:15p
4:80p Stockton and Lodl I»il3p
4:30 - Latfirop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Moj&vo, Santa Barbara and Los
Angles '•'••I •
4:30p Mirtinez, Merced (Raymond for
1 Yosomite) and Fresno 12:13p
4iUOp Santa. Ke Route, Atlantic Kxpress ,
for Moja»e and East ; «:4»p
BtOUp I'.uroneaii Mali, Ogdeti and Kast.... 8:4.1 a
•6:OOr Vallejo.... I»:1»P
6HMM- HiiyivanK Kilrisaml San Jose 7543 a.
' J7:oop Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ...... J«i43p
8:00p Oresou press, Sacramento, Marys-
vllle. Re.l.liiiK. Portland. Fuget
Hi.tiinl and Knst 8:18 a
. SAN LK.4M>K<» AMI UAIWABM LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 31elro*e, Seminary Park, ( 7jl3a
»:OOa KltcliluirK, Klmhnmt, '!S!i2*
»■»?* San L<..»ilrn. Sonlh San «•«<»*
iltoSl »''»»«'«-0, K«tndlllo, J J Js*
<ia:(»0M ' Loreiuo, Cherry < <is4sp
i;t:oiip ant! }»:43p
.->:(•<)!• HiiywiiDts. t3:45p
7iOOp < Runs through to Nile*. 7i43p
) x From Nile*. I
- COAST HI VISION (Narrow (Janire).
(Foot of Market Street.)
IT:43a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, Santa Crus
and Principal Way Station* ISrOSr
8:13 a Newark, Center? Ule, San J one, Fel ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations.. „ B«50p
•3:1 3r Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, New !
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ■ -\
Stations •1O:3Oa,
4: I.Tp San Jose. Glenwood k Way Stations 9:20 a
al:l3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz J'J-.UUa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX fEiSCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:00 *2:00 t3:SO
•4:00 J5:00 •6:00r.u.
fromOmiHD— root of Bro>dir»T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M. .
$12:00 % 1.00 t2:03 -3:00 t«:00 '8:00 f.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Oange).
(Third and Towngsnd SU.) ■'
•7:OOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) ll3Or
17:30 a Sunday Excursion (or Ban Jose. "--" i V;
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grote and
Principal Way Stations JS«35f
8:00 a Man .lose, Tres Finos, .Santa Crux,
Pacific Grove. Paso Rubles. Sau
Luis Oliispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:lOp
10:40 a San Jose and Way Stations ««:OOa
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations *Bi33a
•»:45p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, .Sail Jos*.
Gilroy, Holliater, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove »lOs3«k
•8:30p San Jose and Way Stations *0:«Oa
*4:13p San Joseaml Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:30r San Jose and Principal Way Statious ' S:3Op
G:!IOp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45i- San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7»app
A for Morning, P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only
f Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
& RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL-
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. •Thursdays— trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a.m.; 1:30. '3:10,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ~ .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. . ■
Leave , ■ • . -■ • . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29. ■
Week I Sun- . 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I day». Destination. days. | Days.
. 7:3o am 8:00am| Novato. 10:40 am! B:4oam
3:Sopm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 10:25 am
5:10 pm s .oopmj Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville. = »'
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm S pm
7:3o ami- I Hopland and I ' 110:25 am
:30 pm| 8:00 am| Uklah. - 1 7:35 pm| 6:2: pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 P m . - : 6:32 P°a
7:3o ami 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am B:4o am
and .1" •■'*■•: ■ ■ ;
s:lopm| s:bopm] Glen KUen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3o ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. |10:40amjlO:25am
8:30 pmj s :oopm 1 I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Berville for SkagKS Springs; at Cloverdale tor
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. ■
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs,. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side. Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sonhedrin Heights,
Hullvllle. Booneviue. Orr*s Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. UsaL. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round- trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 659 Market St., Chronicle bid*. 1
A W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pre». and Oen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
v? ■ ■
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time
Leave SanFranclsco.4:3o p. m., 5.M.T.W.1.K.1,
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.SM.T.
Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. i
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates. ■
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fe, .
SHI FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— MARKET ST. ■
telephone: MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway..;
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West' Santa Clara Si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
.From Jane 1, 1533, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . North-bound.
Paesen- I Mixed. . Mixed, ■ | Passen- '
ger, 1 Sunday . Sta- Sunday i ger. .
; Dally. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'ptedl Daily.
I:!0am 9:00 a ml Stockton [ 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 pmi . Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 125 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Visalla 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton witli steamboats ut
California Navigation and Improvement Com-,
pany, ' leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I .
r hi dull) ■■ "'— 1 with stages to and from
Snellings, Coulterville, Yosemlte, etc.; also
with stage from Hornltoa. Mariposa, etc.; at
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera. _
UOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sau«aiU~ Ferry.) .
Leave San Francisco, commencing May I.
1898: ■ - ■ r* ■ \ . •-■"•-. . ■■
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m. ,
Sundays-* »:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
I: to Dm. from Mill Valley. $1. ■'-■ ■ ■ ;
Round trip from Mill Valley, to- _^,
THOS. COOK A SON. AgenW. «32 Mwrksl
street. San F> anclaco. .
wilf CilllolßTYßar
910
REAL ESTATE
IS IMPROVING
A Perceptible Change
for the Eetter.
MANY SALES ARE NEGOTIATED
NUMBER AND AGGREGATE VAL-
TJE OF MORTGAGES.
A Glance at the Records, New Build
ing Contracts, ftecent Sales
and General Realty
Notes.
Real estate during the past week indicated
the commencement of a gradual change for the
■future from long existent poor to better con
ditions. The advance, although marked with
uncertainty and slowness, seems, nevertheless,
to indicate clearly that a change is being
undergone and that there Is r.n undercurrent
.01 prosperity striving to break through the
well-grounded surface of dullness which 1 -.».-•
characterized the progression in real estate for
the past six months or more.
Sales, although of not unusual value and
'size, are increasing in cumber dally with a
good prospect of continuing in the future.
Many of fair size were negotiated during the
past seven days by the brokers generally, which
stands as conclusive proof that the tide of
prosperity is slowly but steadily making its
way into the "world of realty."
The building contracts for the week are of
uniform value and correspond closely to the
record of the preceding week. But few con
tracts for mote than ordinary value were
awarded, none exceeding the limit of $5000.
The record for mortgages was unusual 1 y
Urge, the value of the total pledge involved
exceeding $400,000. The releases and reconvey
ances were few and of small value compared to
the record of mortgages, there being lew, if
any. recorded for more than $20,000,
The total number of mortgages for the montll
of July, according to Thomas Magee & Sons'
monthly real estate circular, was 230, aggre
gating a total value of $650, and the total
number or releases and reconveyances Is*, with
an actual value of $s»SS,6Sj. 'lhe number of
Bales, according to the same authority, was 175,
With an aggregate value 01' $479,126.
The number of mortgages, according to tho
estimate made by the firm of G. H. Umbsen &
Co. for the same month (July), is 228, with a
total value of $652.a75, the releases and mort
gages being 199 in number and $865,433 in value.
REVIEW OF. THE RECORDS.
During the -week there were fifty-two mort
gages and trust deeds recorded, amounting to
J&.4.212. For the same period fifty-three re
teases and reconveyances passed to record In
the total sum of $1t5>.345. The principal mort
gages and trust deeds recorded are as follows:
ay me Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
to Leah and Philip Meyer, $165,000 for cine year
%t d'fi per cent on property In the one hundred
Blocks 341, 362, 3SI and 362, situated respectively
tin the southeast corner of First and Mission
streets, southeast 137:6 and northeast 137:6;
northwest corner of Third and Stevenson
streets, northwest 25 by southwest 75: north
east corner of Sixth and Minna streets and
the southwesterly line of Third, 45 southeast of
Stevenson, southeast 25 by southwest 75; by the
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Kobert
McLean. $6000 lor one year at 6% per cent on |
property in Western Addition block 494, situ
ated on the northeast corner of Broadway and
Uroderick streets, north 275, east 243, southeast
12, south 127:1*4. wrest 56:7. south 137:6, west
las:(i; by the Security Savings Bank to Gussie
M. Broughton, $6750 for three years at 7 pc%
cent on property In Western Addition blocks
175 and 545, situated respectively on the south
tny line of Haight street, 156:3 east of Pierce,
tast 25 by south 112, and the northerly line of
fack6on street, 11 west of Broderick, west 26:6
by north 100; by the . Continental Bank and
Loan Association to Alexander K. and Mar
garet G. Coney, $6500 for ten years at 6 per
Dent on property in Western Addition block
XX), situated on the northerly line of Post
fctreet, 257:11 west of Octavla, west 25:10 by
north 120; by Egisto C. Palmier! and Francesco
Arata trustee? for Columbus Savings and Loan
society to Teresa Murphy, $11,500 on property
In the one hundred block 341 and Western Ad
dition block- 255 and 288; by the Mutual Bank
Association to Enoch T. and Helen M. Howes,
15500 on property in Western Addition block
t77, situated on the southerly lino of Jackson
Street, 181 west of Baker, west 25 by south
127-S4; by Alexander Boyd. Belle Curtis and
Lizzie Mulr to A. H. and Madeline H. Lissak,
(30,825 for two years at 7 per cent on property
In 50-vara block 227, situated 'on the northerly
line of Turk street. 192:6 west of Taylor, west
a by north 137:6; by the German Savings and
Loan Society to the Congregation Sherith Is
rael. $23. C00 for one year at 7 per cent on prop
trty In 50-vara block 194. situated on the north
eatjt corner of Post and Taylor streets, north
17:6 by east 105; by the San Francisco and Oak
land Mutual Loan Association to the Sanitary
Reduction Works. $20,000 for ten years at 6 per
cent on property situated on the northwest
rornex of Fifteenth (El Dorado) and De Haro
streets, north 346 :5. northwest 70:0%, west 154:6,
couth 400, east 200.
The principal releases and reconveyances
Bra as follows: From the Hlbernla Savings
r.ad Loan Society to Helen Sylvester. $20,000 on
property in Western Addition block 62, situated
on the northwest corner of Eddy and Polk
Streets, north 120 by west 137:6; from the Union
•Trust Company of San Francisco to R. H. and
Isabel Sprague (Donahue). $20,000 on property
In 50-vara block 199, situated on the northerly
line of Turk street, 75 west of Mason, west
JO by north 62:«.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Northeast corner of Mission and Second
Btreets. northeast 112 by southeast ICO, all
Illuminating tile* and necessary Iron work for
same, in connection with the erection of a six-
Btory brick building; owners. Wells, Fargro &
Co • architects, Percy & Hamilton; contractor,
P. H. Jackson & Co.; cost, $2287.
Northeast corner of Lombard and Lyon
streets, 30 by 100, all work, except painting, for
B two-story frame building; owner, Agnes Her
man; architect E. A. Garin: contractors, Cam
eron & McDonald; cost, $2583.
Southwest corner of Natoma and Ruse streets,
ell work, except plumbing, painting, plaster-
Ing, brick work and grading, for an additional
etory, to frame building and additions and
alterations to old section; owner, Teresa Mur
phy; architect, M. J. Welsh; contractor, Allan
McDonald; cost, $1400.
Southeast corner of Shipley and Sixth streets,
875 by 125, alterations and additions to a two-
Btory frame building; owner, Guetave Harshail;
architects, Shea & Shea; contractor, E. J.
Sheehan; cost, $4374 50.
Northeast corner of Washington and Spruce
Ftreets, east 77:6 by north 127:SVi by east SO.
north 23 by west 137:6 by south 162:8%, excavat
ing, concrete and brick work, stone and terra
cotta work for a two-story, basement and attic
dwelling and a two-story stable; owner, H.
Huddleston: architects, Percy & Hamilton; con
tractors, Richardson & Gale; cost, $7950.
Northwest corner of ElIUs and Franklin
Btreets, north 37:6 by west 87:6, excavating, con
crete, marble, granite, mosaic, brick work, etc.,
for a two-story frame building; owner, D Jut
ton; architect, C. A. Meusdorffer; contractor,
11. Stettin; cost, $IC3S.
RECENT SALES.
The sale of the property situated on the
northeast corner of Eddy and Polk streets, 85
by 120 feet was negotiated by the firm of O.
D. Baldwin & Son in the interest of TV. V,
rtohlffs. The property includes a bunding of
fix stores and as many flats above, and was
cold for $38,000.
Goldtree Bros, report the sale of 3800 acres
Of land jn Santa Barbara County to the sugar
factory at Santa Maria for $135,000. The pur
chase was made for the purpose of cultivating
eugar beets. < -
Madison & Burke have recorded the sale of
a half interest in the block bounded by Silver.
Bllllman. College and University streets, and
the northeast corner of Van Ness avenue and
McAllister street, 120 by 120. for $23,075.
Bovee. Toy <£ Sonntai? recently sold the resi
dence of Mrs. Anna M. Tobbenboske, situated
♦n the southerly line of Pacific avenue, .'6 feet
Vest of Scott street, to Henry Ach for $15,000.
*•** same firm also negotiated the Bale of the
firemißes at 2710 Webster street, near Vallejo.
o A. Muller from C. A. King, for $10,000. The
lot Is 27 by 92:6 feet, and erected upon it is a
handsome new dwelling.
RANDOM NOTES.
The property situated on the westerly line of
Polk street, 30:6% feet south of Clay street,
formerly owned by Louis Brnverman, was Bold
to Allan St. J. Bowie for $."0,000. The lot is
78:6 by SI :6'/4, erected upon it being four
stores with a 1-story structure above. Shaln
wald. BucUbee & Co. were the brokers.
F. Hesthal has purchased from the Charles
C. Terrill estate the property on the south
west corner of Valencia : id Hermann streets,
extending back to Elgin Park. The figure was
slightly over $36,000. Seventy-five by ninety
feet on the corner are vacant, but the remain
der of the lot Is covered by twelve flats. The
transaction was carried through by O. D. Bald
win & Son.
Plans have been forwarded and the design ac
cepted for the erection of a 2-story frame build
in* for St. Paul'! Protestant Episcopal
Church on Fourth etroet. 'The estimated cost
Is $2534.
The store and two flats at .625 McAllister
street, near Franklin, renting for $30 per
month, have been sold to John Young for
$8750. A month ago the same property was
bought . for $8250.
Alterations and : additions to the 2-story
frame dwelling of Mrs. M. V. Baldwin on the
north side of Geary, west of Mason, will cost
over $5000.
Bids will be opened to-morrow at the office
of the Veterans' Home Association In this city
tor the erection of an 8-room building at the
home In Napa County. .
The firm of McCarthy & Co. reports a con
siderable activity In that part of Prultvale in
the vicinity of the Railroad station and sur
rounding Fruitvale Terminal Tract. East
; Fourteenth street, better known as the San
i Leandro road, Is being regraded. Other im-
I provements are steadily being made, among
them being the erection of the Bray district
schoolhouae, which is to be erected on the
land recently presented for the purpose
through the generosity of E. A. Brugulere. The
ground has already been ken, and work will
be commenced on the bulling as soon as pos
sible.
The following is a list of recently constructed
homes: A 7-room house corner Wheeler and
Railroad avenues; 6-room cottage on corner
Putnam and Wheeler; 5-room house on Merrill
avenue, near East Fourteenth street; '-room
I cottage on Wheeler avenue, near Putnam; two
4-room cottages on Wheeler avenue, near
I Lloyd street ; 5-room house on Merrill avenue,
I between Lane and Lloyd streets.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES.
Plays and Prospective Attractions at
the Playhouses.
The Frawley company ai the Columbia
are giving- a "very enjoyable presentation
of the jolly farce. "His Absent Son." Tho
piece is cleverly constructed and the situ
ations and amusing complications come
without forcing. Harry Corson Clarke.
Eleanor Carey, Theodore Huberts, Ed
ward Bell and the remainder of .the cast
are well lilted for their respective roles.
"His Absent Boy" will be the bill for the
remainder of the week, including faatur
j day matinee.
An event of interest will be the revival
;by the Frawley company next Monda\*
night of "Trilby." The organization will
: be augmented by the special cngugvment
' of Ife'iiaeio Martinetti and Karra Kenwyn.
Martinetti was the original Zou Zou and
! wari one of the biggest hits of the pro-
I ductlon. -Mi: .-■ Kenwyn will play the role
of Trilby. Alfred Hick man. who was the
! original Little Billic, will be seen in the
same role in next week's production at the
Columbia. Theodore Roberts will make a
startling Svengali. Seats are in great de
mar.ii tor the piece.
The reopening of the Baldwin Theater
on Monday week will be one of the at
: tractne events of the munth. The bill is
to be Henry Miller and company In the
romantic comedy "Heartsease." The star
: will be supported by some clever people,
notably Mabel Bert, Augustus Cook, C.
j Leslie Allen, Arthur Elliott, Margaret
Dale and otiiers. The advance sale of
seats for the engagement will commence
on the 13th.
"The Cherry Pickers" at Morosco's has
proved to be a winning card. It is replete
with telling situations, and the able man
] ncr in which it is produced is filling the
I big house nightly.
At the Orpheum it is the old story— a
bill that suit? the audience from parquet
I to gallery and standing room only 11 one
goes late.
The new acts at the Olympia are meet
ing with much favor, and good houses are
the rule.
The combination of good weather and
! excellent attractions is making protitable
business for that popular outing piace
the Chutes. 
••■ad of "The Merchant of Venice
K-ing the coming production at the Al
cazar, as announced, following the clos
ing of "Camille," which holds the boards
i at that house this week to good business.
! Xhf management will defer its produc
; tion until the week later, and give a
: mixed bill of revivals of old favorites, as
follows: "Faust," Monday and Tuesday
evenings; Wednesday evening, "The Mas
ter of Ceremonies": Thursday and Fri
day evenings, "Frederick the Great," and
Saturday matinee and Saturday and Sun
evenings, "Yorick'a Love." This will
enable those who failed to witness any
of ; ii«>t-e performances at its first pro
duction to witness it next week. Au
gust 22 "The Merchant of Venice" will
be put on, and that bill will positively
close the Morrison engagement at the Al
cazar.
WILL TELL OF ITS
GREAT WORK TO-NIGHT
THE SOLDIERS* FRIENDS TO
GIVE AN ACCOUNTING.
It Will Be a Joyful Meeting, and a
Fine Programme Has Been
Arranged.
Everything- is in readiness for the big
State meeting which is to be held in
Golden Gate Hall this evening by the Red
Cross Society. The place has been pret
tily decorated with flowers, bunting and
the insignia of the organization, and the
committee has prepared an excellent pro
gramme, which will be carried out in its
entirety.
Delegates from throughout the State
have arrived, and will occupy the first
three rows at the open meeting. The
Seventh California Volunteers" regimental
band has volunteered to furnish music
during the evening, and Red Cross nurses
will act as ushers. Flowers will be fur
nished by the auxiliary societies of Oak
land, Alameda and Berkeley.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington will open the
meeting with a few introductory remarks
and Mrs. Dunbar, secretary of the State
Society, will read her report. This Will
be followed by the treasurer's report.
The buglers from the Seventh will be
in attendance and play the calls that are
heard in camp and on the march. l>r.
Voorsanger will deliver a short address,
as will also Judge Sheldon, the national
representative of the Red Cross Society.
The reports and speeches will be short
and to the point, and it is expected that
the hall will be crowded.
A special meeting of the Native Daughters'
Red Cress Aid has been called for to-morrow
evening to arrange a reception which Is to be
given to the Sixth California Regiment. Ah
members are requested to attend.
The ladies of the Red Cross have been prom
ised that their hospital supplies for Manila will
be placed on the Scandia to-day.
The following letter is self-explanatory:
Headquarters of First Troop, Utah Volunteer
Cavalry, r^- FRAN - CISCO , Aug. 8, 1395 .
Mrs. John F. Merrill, President San Fran-
Cisco Red Cross Society— Dear Madam: Before
leaving your city I wish to express to you and
your associates my high appreciation of the
"noble work you are doing In alleviating the
hardships of the volunteer soldiers.
1 must plead guilty of gross neglect in not
formally acknowledging from time to time the
many courtesies you have shown to my men,
but one good deed has followed so close upon
another that we have hardly had time to prop
erly recognize the bounties you have bestowed
U J°can 'assure you that tne ladies of the Red
Cross Society have made a profound impression
upon the officers and men of the Utah Cav
a Whenever San Francisco Is mentioned our
thoughts will turn to the good women who
cared for our sick and cheered those who were
tired and discouraged. '■?•'■ ■'..'■ K ' : 'y. ,
Be assured that I speak the thoughts of
every man in my command when I express the
deeD gratitude and say God bless you— every
one of you. Very dnwrgj^ug. CAINE ,
Captain United States Volunteer Cavalry, Com
manding First Utah Troop.
The First Tennessee will give a drill at
the Pavilion on Saturday evening next,
under the auspices of California Com
mar.dery No. 1, Knights Templars
The Independent Benevolent Associa
tion will give an entertainment and ball
for the San Francisco Red Cross Society
at Odd Fellows' Hall on Saturday evening
next. _
Senator ' Teller of Colorado writes
abcut the dangers of the new trade
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
WOODBBIDGE CANAL SOLD.
Judge Morrow Has Accepted a Bid
of $2 1,000.
The plant and other property of the
Woodbridge Canal and Irrigation Com
pany was sold by auction yesterday fore
noon by United State Circuit Judge
Morrow to G. Howard Thompson, for
$21,000. Mr. Thompson is understood to
represent the Bank of Calif.irnia.
The property had been in litigation in
the United States courts for many
months, and Ms ter in Chancery Heacock
baO held frequent sessions for the pur
of receiving bids, but the highest of
ler he could get was $5000. Judge Morrow,
over and over again, refused to confirm
the sales, and finally announced that he
would not submit to any more delays, and
that if a reasonable offer was not made
for th'; property, he would strike the case
off the calendar. This df-terminntlon on
the part of tho eor.rt inspired somn life
into the bidding and Receiver Chap.man
offered $22,500 conditionally, but afterward
withdrew the bid. At the same time an
offer wan made of $11,009 by another party.
Judge Morrow refused to confirm the sale
and set yesterday as the time for the final
auction. He himself acted as auctioneer,
and received a genuine bid of $21,000. He
will confirm hi? own salv.
Don't be swindled by others. Call on us. Our
wines are pure. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 29 Mist.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
BIG LEAGUE
CANNOT BOAST
It Has Many Things, But
Not Quite All.
THAT NEW EMERGENCY BOARD
ITS ORIGIN AND MYSTERIOUS
METHODS REVEAXED.
The Cause of That Rush of Talent to
the Press Box Stairs Two
Weeks Ag-o Ex
plained.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The National League has been and la
to-day a great organization. That is, It
is a great organization from a mana
! ger's standpoint, for the reason that the
I manager, or owner, more properly speak
j ing, partakes of all the emoluments which
accrue, while the player, the man who
draws the crowds, takes, with a few ex
ceptions, what he gets, and very often
considers himself a most fortunate
i young (or old) fellow, as the case hap
pens to be.
This organization, however, is great in
other ways. It has Its double umpire
system, its Brush rules, which, in my
opinion, are an unpardonable insuit to the
player, and it also baa its famous Nick
Young, a fine gentleman. But the Na
tional League is not too old to learn.
Out here we have a league which is
seldom heard of where stur players per
form and do other things. Nevertheless,
this same little league can boast of some
thing the National organization never
dreamed of.
It has, besides its "want it all" indi
viduals, who, by the way, are ever con
spicuous in the vicinity of Recreation
Park, or in Mr. Raver's office, its presi
dent, and, "like what you get, players,"
a board, which might be termed "strat
egy," yet, I think, a more fitting name
would be "emergency." *
This statement, I dare say, will be re
ceived with no little surprise, yet it is
a fact, and, owing to the novelty of it,
is the reuson I make mention of It.
1 call it an emergency board, because
it is not on the programme or schedule;
because it always meets in a hurry, and
has no quarters other than Recreation
Park. I have suspected its existence for
some time past, but could ne?er under
stand the cau^e of its origin until two
weeks ago. I happened, or rather, was
permitted to be a participant during one
of the conferences. It was during this in
terval that I was afforded an opportu
nity of familiarizing myself with its ob
jects and methods, which, to say the least,
are peculiar.
Tci describe It as it appeared to me I
must carry my readers back— and I trust
this incident will cause no mental fatigue
or convenience — to the last game played
between the Gilt Edges ana Athletics,
which the latter club won through its
ability to be reticent under the most
"kicking" circumstances.
The game, as you will remember, was
replete with prolonged disputes, and it ia
to brine to a speedy and satisfactory
ending these disputes tnat first brought i
the "Emergency Board" into prominence.
At one stage of that game Catcher Stan
ley said something to Umpire Smith over
a decision which later on nearly caused
a general mix-up, and for his pains was i
put out of the game. This so enraged '
the Gilt Edge aggregation that tney
threatened to quit the field.
It was during this deliberation between
quitting or continuing that I espied Pres
ident Bert leaving the grand stand with ;
expedition. As my eyes followed him to !
the opening in the grand stand I discov- |
ered that there was a general rush for j
the same spot in that vicinity, and for
fear that something In tho nature of news
might escape me I was compelled to join
the "important ones" in their mad rush.
and brought up at the stairs leading to
the press box. This was the first real
glimpse I had of the emergency board,
and words would fall me were I to at
tempt to describe that collection of talent
that was hashed together in the little
opening which meets with your appro
bation after you Qnce open the door lead
ing up stairs.
Those, however, who seemed to be the
prominent ones, I will mention, and these
will at the same time give an Idea of
whom and of what the board is composed.
There was no spokesman. Everybody
was as good as the other in the mixup,
and I mention tl:is to save confusion.
The emergency board— President Bert,
Mr. Raver, the combined forces situated
in the press stand, including the official
scorer, Colonel T. P. Robinson, the um
pire, and those players who have or pos
sibly ever had a grievance — these gen
tlemen all made a rush for the same |
place when the kicking was at fever heat. ;
They met thus and discussed the i
situation and the best way out of it. Ur- •
pire Smith, who was extremely hot. lost ,
his head during the exchange of com
pliments and called the game in favor
of the Athletics. Now here is where !
the emergency board demonstrated its j
worth. They agreed without asking
opinions of each other that Smith's pre
cipitancy would causa dissatisfaction
among the holders of tickets and dead
heads; so he was ordered to change his
decision, which he did. Such was the
power of the board, and it racily sur
passes anything In the national league.
They then set to the work of bringing
both factions together, so the game
might proceed. Tueir efforts nvt with the
same success, and without thr- populace
knowing what transpired, tranquillity
was allowed to prevail. Now. of ;i'.l the
plans set forth whereby a game may \»
saved from a disastrous ending, this one
takes the ice-cream soda! It is truly \
jnoral, and what surprises me is the fact
that it is not made a part of the entire
league, as only teams and patrons of the
game in this city are given an opportunity
of enjoying the benefits which ensue from
its power to alter things.
THE IRISH FAIR.
Business Transacted by the Advisory
Board.
The advisory board of the Irish Fair
met last night at the Occidental hotel and
transacted considerable business. "Vice-
President T. J. Walsh presided, in the
absence of President Kelly.
Dr. H. Stafford reported that Mayor
Phelan, J. J. Dwyer and a prominent
clergyman had b<-en secured for addresses
on the opening night. Joseph U. Stulz,
chairman of the entertainment commit
tee, announced a number of special
nights: Friday, August 26, Grocers 1 and
Travelers' day; Saturday, August 27,
United States Volunteers' day; Tuesday,
August 30, Young Ladies' Institute. Native
Daughters and Children's Aid Society
day; Wednesday, August 31, Young Irish-
Americans' day; September 7, Oakland,
Alameda and Berkeley day; September 9,
Flag day.
Mayor Phelan, chairman of the recep
tion committee, announced that a tine art
display would be on exhibition and that he
and Mrs. McCloskey were hard at work
scouring pictures. The badge which was
adopted is a solid silver shamrock with a
pendant of blue ribbon. Five hundred
donations have been received, ranging in
value from $5 upward.
All the booths are nearly finished and
the Pavilion will be handed over to the of
ncera of the Irish fair on Monday.
On the opening night one of the features
will be a shower of shamrocks coming
from the heights of the Pavilion.
Influences of the war on politics
discussed by prominent peoplo iv
next Sunday's- Call.
Dropped From the Roll.
The Police Commissioners met last
night and dismissed Officer William h.
Wells from the Torce for being drunk
while on duty. A similar charge against
Policeman Thomas O'Connell was dis
missed.
Bret Harte begins a new story in
next Sunday's Cali.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,.
Q W Peltier, Sacto ,F Van Wagner, Wash
L Wallace, Sacto L L Cory & w, Fresno
O T Steehl & w, Utah C X Woodruff. N I
W E Colville, Mo Mrs D H McKay, Mass
J Hastings, Wadswrth F P Primm, Redding
G P Morrill. Truckee G L McKenzie, Napa
E A Sprugue, Sacto IJ H Sayer, Fresno
H Sprague. Sacto IA. J Ross. Sactj
M OBtx-rne & w. CaJ W Richard* & w, Minn
A J Buckles, Fairileld F Western, Vancouver
O Pelrano, San Jose C Urquhart, Victoria
R E Kent, Sacto H L Johnston. B C
A V Wilbur, Stockton P Quick, Douglas Isld
W M Lawlwr. C&l L H Johnson & w. NY
S Frank.. :ilieiiner. <"':tl A .^tetger, Vacaville
J W Blacow, Irvington H V Hudson. Portland
E A Forbes. <"ul J N Cook. S L Oblspo
J T Grace. Santa Rosa Mrs C P Evans, Sacto
W W Foote, Oakland Miss I, F Evans, Sacto
C S Hushes, Berkeley J C Rice, California
A 3 Bchoder, Iwkuley G W Chrystal. Va cavil
J B Nevew, Chicago ;Pr L P Hull. Dixon
Mrs J I Kincade, Or jMiss Wlttenbrock, oac
H \V Rountree & s, Or H X Johnson. Sacto
J E Lombard, D S N H B Miller, Napa
O Scrlbner, Fresno IJ W Berry, Tanraa
L Sllva ii w, Imnsmr J O Hestwood & w, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J' Borland. Stockton 'Miss M J Miller, Cal
W H Miller. Uklah <F Van Wagner, N \V T
W Weil, Ukiah ij H Michaels, Chicago
G Sanderson & w. Cal iW H Hariow, Chicago
J Day New V.irk E A Mitchell & w. 11l
F J Wilson, Oakland IJ Cummlnga, Raymond
J Cummingf, (al F D Cobb & w. Cal
Mrs R B King. La Ang R A Jackson, Stockton
Miss X C PliPlps, Mass B N Johnson, D C
Mrs E R Horton, Mast. R C Clayton, D C
Mri S A Floyd. Boston B C Baxter, Phila
H S Wtison. Boston R C Dawson, London
Mrs C White, Los Ang B D Brandt, London
S M Blearamea, Maine W S H'ckman, London
W B Bj rnes, X V R C Thomas, La
W Mackenzie & w. Or T G Roberts, Modesto
C R Stewart, NY J W Franko'.man. 11l
Mrs A W Murphy, Cal J S L«avltt, lowa
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs C W Waldron 'H Hass, Hamburg
Santa Cruz C T Murray, Nicaragua
G Pletruaky, Australia H W Mellen. Alaska
H B Gehr, Chgo Mrs J Mac Nell. Cal
H L Wheatley, Ch^o IE R Slmendlngar, Pa
B RMnhart. Nev J H Polk & w, L Ang
D Davis & w, Oaklanrl Rev J Small. L Ang
W W Peck, Riverside T R Minium, Minturn
B Neustadt. N Mcx IB S Barney. Ama.lor
W a Mackenzie & w, IB B Alexander&w.N V
Portland (C A Hadden. N V
R Truman, Keswick A Borel. N V
I E Patton.w & c, Wis E Spilvoget, N V
A E Johnson. L Ang M Clarkpn. Benicia
E Hnckmeyer, Guatml W S Abbott. Sacto
E Cramer, Guatemala :J S Hngar & d, Austin
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M Cowery, Colusa I C M Brown, Fresno
T Hnnlcn, S Cruz F Smith, Butto
J Smith, Petaiuma W R Plcknell, Texas
W Hadley. Los Ang Mrs Picknell. Texas
Mrs II Scheel, Stocktn M M Brazil, Eureka
T Maitland, Sacto H Donnelly, S 30/k
A J Santos, Callstoga Mlks Wrieht, Reno
J Lawson, S Leandro Miss B Wright, Reno
M C Phillips, S IMfgo !S N Coker, N V
F ChrlFttn.s.in, Tacma '■ E Van L Ang
P O'Grady. Vall^J'. P WKilgore. L Ang
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 10.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helm*. 11 daye from
Guaymas, via Ensenada and San Pedro 54
hours.
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 10.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen. Fort Bragg.
6AI\ i RANCISCO CALL.
BT'SINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; optn until S:3O o'clock.
615 Larktn street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
i2fil Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
If* Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
KW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until 9 o'clrvck.
MEETING NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 21«, F. &A. M., Ml- m
sonic Temple— Called meeting THlS »_^_.
(THURSDAY) EVENING. at ')Lj\
o'clock. First degree. Masons are' V >
cordially invited. By order of
THOS. L. HILL. W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. ■
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _/*_
EVENING, August 11. at 7:30 o'clock. J\J\
Third degree. By order of the Master. '~r >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212. F. & A. M., meets THIS EVEN-
,ING at 7:30 o'clock for first degree. TKjr
By order of the Master. /XT A
" E. C. HARE, Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v XT __
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) % t&C&J
EVENING, Fraternity Hall, 32 'tXyWZSc
O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock. A full **^_7*
attendance is requested.
W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
office of the company, 777 Mission Rtreet, San
Francisco. Cal., TUESDAY, August 23, IS9B,
at S o'clock p. m.. for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
it. Transfer books will close Friday, -August
19. ISSS, at 4 p. m. By order of the board
of directors. • M. C. GORHAM, Secy.
THE California Debris ComnV&gion. having re-
ceived applications to mine By the hydraulic
process from Sara E. Reamer, In the Fern-
berton Gravel mine near Forest Hill. Pla-
cer County, to deposit tailings In Baltimore
and Dardanelles canyons, and from Penrose
& Harker. In the Bull Run mine, near Relief
Hill, Nevada County, to deposit tailings in a
ravine below the mine, gives notice that a
: meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
Ing, San Francisco, Cal.. on August 22. 189S,
at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
i THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
I gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
aprons, towels, flannels etc., very cheap at
the Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 103 Fifth st.
ANY person having Morning Call file of 1860-
61-62 or 1863 that contains a petition at Its
length over the signature of Peter T. Secu-
lovich to San Francisco Board of Supervisors
for a block of land No. 60, W. A., by pro-
ducing to him the same or a certified copy, or
any Information of the time, as two thou-
sand petitions followed It, or its natural
ground and his occupation of it, or having
municipal reports of IS6O-61-62-63 and 1567-63, or
knowing of one living, Mr. Carter, that owned
and kept a grocery store in IS6O on Filbert
St.. bet won Powell and Mason, will be rea-
sonably paid.
PETER T. SECULOVICH, 3241 Mission st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or -country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tei. 5350.
ROOMS papered from $2 ."0; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
DIVIDEND NOIIC— S.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 68 (50c per
share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company 327 Market St.. on and after Satur-
day, August 20. 189 S.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13, ISSB, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN girl, excellent cook and house woTker;
best city references; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Butter st.
SWEDTSH second girl wishes situation, $15; or
would take care of children: good references.
MRS. NORTON, 31. Butter at.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and laun-
dress; city or country; $15: 2 years' refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
TWO sisters desire situations; one as first-class
cook and second girl; best references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Batter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; reference.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
TWO neat waitresses desire situations in ho- i
tel or private boarding house. J. F. CROS-
KTT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS lady's maid, seamstress or sec-
ond girl, best city references, $25, awaits po-
sition at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'s, 104 Geary.
BY competent American, position as house-
keeper or in small, family where trustworthy
party will be • appreciated ; good -references.
S. C, Free Employment Office, 419 Stockton.
WANTED— By refined New England woman,
. situation as first-class housekeeper and seam-
stress in private family; or would wait on
, growing children or Invalid; competent, re-
liable. 1620 Polk st. : ■: ■
WANTED— By an American lady, middle-aged,
position as managing housekeeper or manager
in hotel or restaurant, or matron in an in-
stitution; thoroughly competent. Box 5754,
Call office. . .'"."'• ' -
RESPECTABLE woman, not young, wants
housework In private family; city or country.
Call 270 Jessie st.
COMPETENT woman desires position to do
general or laundry work; hotel ■■ or boarding
house; good references. 2759 Mission st. ■;•
GIRL of 18, attending school, - wants place In
Catholic family to assist light housework;
small compensation. Call 231 Franklin st.
RELIABLE girl wishes situation in a bakery
or cigar store. ; 711 Harrison st.
YOUNG German girl wishes position for cook-
ing and downstairs work. 1022 Larkin st.
GERMAN girl; general housework; good wages.
| 933 Halgl.t st. * j
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation in
private famllj ; good home more object than
wages. Address 331 Minna st.
A RELIABLE young woman would like posi-
tion as companion or nurse to elderly person.
A, box 3, Cali office.
RESPONSIBLE young woman ■srould like a
poslticn of trust in office or establishment.
S, box 6. Call office.
YOUNG strong German woman wants wash-
ing, ironing, cleaning; $1 and carfare. M.,
l_a Folsom et.
WOMAN wants to to out by the day house-
cleaning. 879 Hayes, near Fillmo;e; in base-
ment.
REFINED German girl would like a position
as inald or nurse to one child. Address 3606
Twenty-fourth st.
SITUATION as cook by woman with boy 19
years old; boy to work around place; can
take charge of small boarding-house; no ob-
jections to count ry- 223 Potrero aye. bet.
Fifteenth und Sixteenth sts.
YOUNG Danish girl wishes situation as cham-
bermaid or general housework; good plain
cook and flrst-claes waitress; good references ;
wag-e6 $20 to $25. Call at 1125% Alabama St..
ii-iir Twenty-fourth.
WOMAN with one or two children would like
to keep house; raise poultry; work in gar- j
den; city or country. Address SAX BRUNO '
HOTEL, 1540 San Bruno aye.
CASHIER— Young lady wishes position as
cashier In store or restaurant; experience
both in cashing and book-keeping. Address
CASHIER, box S6S6, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a competent colored
woman as Janltrees in a building of offices;
best of city references. Address G. M. L.,
box 281, Call office.
WANTED by an experienced nurse entire
charge of infant; city references. Address
1616=$ Bush st.
WOMAN wishes a place to take care of chil-
dren and do sewing or other work. Address
1105 Clay st _____
RELIABLE woman, good cook and house-
keeper, wishes work, any kind; day, week or
month. 123 Olive aye.. bet. Polk and Van Ness.
GERMAN young woman wishes situation to do j
light housework and plain cooking in small '■
family. Call 112 William, nr Post and Jones.
RESPECTABLE girl wants housework In pri-
vate family; city or country. Address S.. box
129, Call office.
NEAT, reliable girl to do housework In small
American family. 204S Mission st.
REFINED young lady, good penman, desires
a position In office or comranlon to lady; Is
good seamstress; good references. Apply bet.
S a. m. and 1:30 p. m., 26 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly
with leading firm in New York, wishes sew-
ing by day or at rooms; ladles' tailoring a
specialty. E. R.. 915 Polk st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Cla> Bt
THOROUGHLY trustworthy man wants situa-
tion as caretaker, watchman or any position
of trust; business experience; highest refer-
ences. Address B. R.. box 1415, Call office.
MACHINIST and -"team fitter, first-class all
around man, would like to get a position with
a mill or manufacturing: establishment. Box
RJ.55. Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; single: thorough
horseman; understands fancy gardening; 9
years' best references. Address M. A., box
138, Call office. ._
BTEADY, reliable man wants situation with
private family; can milk, care for horses.
e*f : beet references. Address J. H., box
1313, Call office
PAPER-HANGER with tools, whitener, tlnter,
etc, wants situation at once; day o* con-
tract. ANTOINE, 335 Fourth st.
WANTED— Position by an aged German; un-
derstands how to make all kinds of liquors. C.
BOEHME. ItSi Mission st.
YOUNG man want? position In creamery; can
work up butter and egg route; best refer-
ences, steady [.oßltlon. Address 126 Liberty.
WANTED by a man speaking both German
and English, a position as driver and care of
horses. Box 1619. Call.
CHINESE cook wants situation In private
family; city only. CHUNG YEW, 21 Brenham
place.
WANTED — Situation as driver of milk wagon
by a good man. Call "- -xidrepis 326 Oak St.
TINNER wishes a situation as a roofer:
s'tri-tly temperate. C. W. 8., box 4. Cul l .
JAPANESE, first-class laundry, war.ta ri - tu-
atlon: with reference. O. N.. 931 Sacramento.
AN experienced stock clerk desires to nil a va-
enncy in any offloinl rapacity in a commercial :
house; recommendations from employers and
commercial houses; salary secondary consid-
eration. Any one desiring the services of
such please communicate with W. DRUHE,
E Ninth ft.
WANTED -Position as bookkeeper or assistant;
long practical experience; married man; good
references. Address W. X.. box 493, Call.
VEGETABLE gardener, good milker, take care
of horses and drive, wants situation. Address
box 6220, call office.
WANTED — Situation as gardener and man
aboutj private place by a young man; Al
references. Address E. C, box 37, Oakland.
JAPANESE wants position: Is excellent worker
In laundry, and may wait on table. S. N.,
22 Prospect place.
WANTED— By nll-around man, steady em-
ployment. Address O. X., 3W2 24th st.
YOUNG man wishes employment as book-
keeper or clerk; has experience, with refer-
ences. Address box S9O, Call office.
CHINESE, very best flrst-claes cook, meat and
pastry, wishes position, hotel or boarding
house; satisfaction. CHARLEY FOOK, 906
Clay st.
WINi.IIF.STER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 £0 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bU3
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT woman cook for ranch. Placer County,
(25. MURRAY & READY, 834 and RC
WOMAN with a child as working housekeeper,
country, $15; girl for chamber work and wait-
ing, $15. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
CUiy St.
WANTED— More families, women and children
for the hop fields; good camping ground and
water. For particulars apply to MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
1 COOKS, Jewish families, $30 each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GKKMAN, Swedish or French second girl, $23.
MISS cn.LKN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GIRLS, country hotel, chamber work and
waiting, $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
CHAMBER work and waiting, Crockett, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GOOD Cook, Irish girl, Jewish family, $30.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nurse, child 7 years, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $12. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. Washington, $80. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter et.
HOUSEWORK girl. Alameda", $20; neat second
__girl, $12. MIS 3 CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Stockton. $30; second girl, Berkeley, $20.
_ MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
REFINED German second glrlT $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS to wait, first-class hotel
near city; see party here 10 a. m. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
WAITRESS and chambermaid to wait, short
distance In country; see party hare 10 a. m.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. KM Geary st.
WAITRESS, Fresno. $25, fare paid; waitress.
Kern, $20, fare paid; waitress, Napa, $21; res-
taurant waitress, San Jose, $25; 2 waitresses,
same place. Oakland. $15; chambermaid,
country hotel, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook, small boardlng-houee In mining
town, fLre paid, see party here 9 a. m., $30;
2 women cooks, few boarders, cltv $»0
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10* Geary 'st' '
NEAT young housegirl for small American
family, short distance In country, choice
place, $15, see lady in our office between 10
and 11?
German houseglrl for small Jewish family
city reference. $26 Gtrl who understands
German cooking, no upstairs work. $23 and a
number of girls for J2O and $25 for city and
country placen; young girl, $12 and $15 C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104_Geary st.
COOK. Santa Cruz, must go to-day, $30 MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $25; 2 second girls. $20. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; 4 cooks. $25, German style; nurse"
$20; young nurse girl. $12: young house girl'
$12, no cooking. MRS. NORTON, 313 Suttur!
HOUSE girl, 2 in family. IS; 'irnnan houoe
girl, $20. small family, no washing; house girl,
San Lorenzo, 3 *in family, no washing, sen
party here. $25. MRS. NORTON. 818 Butter.
WAITRESS, $20; chambermaid, $15; housed
keeper. $15; Scandinavian housekeeper, $15;
middle-aged woman, country, $20, ranch;
middle-aged woman, light work, $12. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter et.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
COOK, German style, $25; second girl, same
house, $20; 4 cooks. German style, $25; 3
German and Irish second girls, $20: 2 German
nurses, $20; 2 cooks, boarding houses, $20 and
$25; 9 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20,
$5 and $6 week, and girls for housework. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
NICE, neat American Protestant girl for cook-
ing, etc. 3 In family. $25: a short distance;
also colored girl for housework, $25. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, no waiting, $16, call early;
also German girl for housework, 2 in family,
$25. 631 Larkln st. 1 '__
HEAD waitress. 325; waitress. 520. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. '_
™— _- . * • ''"--
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
canning. Ca'.lfornlan Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
machines on shirts and underwear, at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHEL'S, 531
Mlslson st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; must under-
stand sewing; German or Swedish preferred;
references. Call in forenoon. 1292 O'Farrell st.
TALL, prepossessing young lady with some
knowledge 01 hilr business. -'4 Geary st.
WANTED— between IS and 19 for house-
work; wages ?IS. Inquire at 4 Market st.
GOOD operators on waiters' coats and aprons;
steady work. POWER, 636 Clay: upstairs.
GIRL for light housework. 1312 Buchanan St..
between Eddy and Ellis.
YOUNG girl about 15 for housework. Call 1737
Stcckton st. ■
EXPERIENCED ironers at Empire Laundry.
755 Bryant st. ; . >.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework.
1220 Filbert st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on vests. 958
Mission st.
WOMAN wanted for general housework, no
cooking. J. ZWERIN. 1M Eighth st.
NEAT young girl, assist with housework for
good home. 1535 Fulton st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant Bts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit,
at Cutting Fruit Packing Company. 1150 Har-
rison st.
WANTED — cook and laundress; German
preferred; wages $25. Apply 926 Grove St.,
bet. 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
WANTED— A girl to assist In general house-
work near San Jose. Address MRS. F. 8.
COATS, Campbell. Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; light housework in
small family; wages $9. Box 7115, Call office.
YOUNG girl for light housework: $5 month;
sleep home preferred. 112 Morris aye.
WORKING housekeeper; 3 cooks; 5 girls for
second work. TAYLOR & CO., 1023 Market.
WANTED — A first-class ironer on ladies'
clothes. 10 Oajk st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. 376 San
Jose aye.
TAILORING and dressmaking thoroughly
taught at KEISTER'S. US McAllister st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
ft.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTED—
A— HELP!.. HELP... HELP!?. STOP; READ
carefully what MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment and Labor Agents want to-
day, 634-636 Clay st.
A— THE MINES We sent 35 yesterday;
want to-day 84 common laborers
Wages from $2 50 day
No experience required; special railroad
rates to these great mines. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— s3o PER month and found, 16 common la-
borers to level a parcel of ground, .We fare
from San Francisco; wages $30 and found per
month. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— FOREMAN to handle a gang of men, $45
to $60 per month and found. MURRAY &
: READY, 634-636 Clay St. /,
TWELVE orchard pruners for an exceptional
larg» orchard. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay st. .
MR. KELLY, the foreman, please call at once.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
TO the hop fields What a great
crowd we sent yesterday; men, women and
children, 94 in all— left our offices yesterday;
still they come and we still want 187 more;
big wages and have a 6 weeks' outing; spe-
cial railroad rates; only 50c fee charged.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— LOOK COOKS LOOK
2-5 ccoks for different places, hotels, restaur-
ants, saloons, ranches, $60. $55, $45. $30 and $25
and found; 6 waiters, $25 and $20 and found;
a dishwashers, $20 and $15 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Et.
FARE PAID LAUNDRY HELP
2 polishers $40 and found
2 Ironers $35 and found
2 hotel laundrymen, plain work. $25 and $20
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. ■
TAILOR, country shop, with own machine
preferred, $10 to $20 per week. MURRAY at
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
— BUTCHER; nice country place near city.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A- BLACKSMITH for a vineyard, etc. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— TEN common laborers to work in gold
fields, $1 75 day. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay St.
TWO boys for ranches $10 to $12 and found
3 boys to learn trades... $3 to $3 50 week
3 choremen for ranches and hotels, $10 and
lound; young man to work around garden, $lv
and found; choreman, milk a few cows, city,
$15 and found
German choreboy for a ranch
$5 to $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
THREE porters, city and country hotels, $25
and $20 and found; porter, lodging house,
city, $3u and room; bedmaker and do plain
washing, $25 and found
ltedmaker, city j0b.... .'..520 and room
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TWENTY scraper .teamsters, city and coun-
try, $26 and found; 0 sand teamsters, board
home, $1 75 day; 85 wooiirhoppers ; 64 tlo-
makers. MI'RKAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
BOY wanted for our office. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st.
A GANG of laborers and a gang of teamsters
to go this morning on the Coast Road; call at
7a. m. with blankets: free fare C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 RAILROAD tunnelmen. $2 50 a day see boss
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
20 TEAMSTERS and loaders for new railroad
work; free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO 104
Geary st.
1000 LABORERS and rockmen for railroad
work in British Columbia; $2 a day long
Job; reduced fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO 104
Geary, st. . .
100 LABORERS and rockmen for the Skaguay
Railroad 1 in Alaska; -$3 to $3 30 a day; fare,
$22 50; next steamer sails Sunday, August 14
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK and wife or cook and helper for a small
first-class hotel, near city. $70, see party here;
cook, steamboat, $50; cook, small resort near
city, $35; third cook, $10; fry cook, $40: dish-
washer, $25; baker's helper, $25; porter and
bellboy, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ■ ,
STEWARD for an officers' mess, $30 and
found. .. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD laundryman, hotel, $35; polisher, see
party here. $40: ironer, $35 and found: hand
laundryman, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. • .- ;'
10 LABORERS for the woods, $1 a day and
board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 LABORERS for a mine and smelters, $1 60
to $2 50. a day; steady work; reduced fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED chute builder for a sawmill,
$50 and found; fireman and assistant engineer
for a sawmill, $35 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
5 MEN- to chop and get out lagging; see boss
here 9 a. m. reduced fare. C. R. HAN3EN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, $35; 2 men to
work around sawmill, $1 75 a day; can washer
and drive wagon to station,' $25; washer for
laundry, $30: coachman. $30; men for light
work about cannery; laborers for country, $2
a day; 2 laborers to handle shlnglebolts, $30;
farmer, $25; ironer and polisher for laundry,
$30: 2 miners, $2 50 a day. Apply to J. F.
- CROSETT St CO., 628 Sacramento st. .
WANTED— Cook, restaurant, $16 a week; cook,
restaurant, country. $40; cook and wife, coun-
try restaurant. $60; cook for Nevada. $40 and
fare paid; neat waiter boy, $15: and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. • •» -■-■■■
WANTED— Neat office boy, not - under 16. for
wholesale house; $4 per week to start. ' W.
D. EWER ■& CO.; 626 Clay st. . ,
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Second conk. $40; night cook, oye- »
ter house, $35; assistant in kitchen, $25; dish-
washer, hotel. $20; bellboy. $10. etc. AN-
DRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— help; shirt ironer, city,
$35; plain ironer, country, $25; apprentice,
washer, country. 15 ; apprentice, city, $15.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
COOK, country hotel. $50: cook, $60; second
cook, $30; waiter, $25; washer and drive. $25;
4 fruit pickers, $15 and board; 10 woodchop-
pers. 4-root pine. $1 a cord; axmen to make
laggings. l\tc each; redwood tiemakera. R.
T. WARD-& CO , 6CS-610 Clay' st.
500 MEN for B. C. . $2 per day and up; fare
advanced from Victoria to works; leave" Sun-
day. Apply Employment Office, 1023 Market.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak.
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
2 CLOTHING salesmen wanted in San Fran-
cisco and one in each county in every State
to take orders for our $5 to *10 made-to-meas-
ure suits and overcoats; live men without ex-
perience can makf- $130 per month; if you can
furr.iah satisfactory reference we will furnish
a complete sample line and outfit and start
you at work at once. For particulars address
AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO.. Enter-
prise building, Chicago.
SOBER, steady man, between 40 and 50 years
of age, to act as nurse and companion for "la
invalid gentleman. B. 8.. box 129 Call office.
TO tailors— Coatmakers wanted. Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
COAL miners who have worked in pitch vein
wanted. Apply to TESLA COAL CO.. room
515. 32S Montgomery St. ■
YOUTH for office; wholesale house. Address,
own handwriting, with references, K. C, box
101. Call office.
STEADY man to assist in genteel business:
must have s^me cash and be satisfied with
$1C per week. RAND & CO., 917 Market st. •
WANTED— Experienced bedmaker, French pre-
ferred. Apply at 418 Ellis st.
BOOKBINDER wanted. MYSELL-ROLLINS,
25 Clay st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on new work at 959
Howard et.
BOY. Apply to ROBERT WALLACE, 115
Kearny st.
WANTED— Sheet metal workers. GEO. H.
TAY CO.. 616 Battery st. ■
GENERAL tailor for the country. J. BAUM-
GARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Strong young man about 16 years.
Call 24 Commercial st. .
GOOD waiter wanted at 613 Clay st.
BUTCHER wanted at 121 Ninth st.
GOOD barber; young man; steady lob. 19
Thirtieth st., corner San Jose road. _^
BOY wanted to fold towels at Lick Laundry.
9 Lick place. :
1000 LABORERS and rockmen for railroad
work in British Columbia; $2 a day; long
job; reduced fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. • ■ .
100 LABORERS, and rockmen for the Skaguay
Railroad In Alaska: $3 a day; fare. $^2 50;
next steamer sails Sunday, August 14. l. ±t.
HANSEN * CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rol'.iin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largo
r^ms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
IF you have $5 call 29 Grant aye., learn to
make $10 a day.
COOK wanted for English ship. Apply at once
to W. P. HERMAN. 26 Steuart st.
GO to 29 Grant aye., room 24, and learn how
to make $10 a day.
AN easy thing to make $10 a day. 29 Grant
aye., room 24. ___^
SEVERAL hounds broken for deer hunting.
Address box 14. Call office.
WANTED— messenger boy; state age and
give references. Address in own handwriting,
Postoffice box 2048.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1104.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
st. men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 1384 Eighth st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H BAUM buys furniture and general mer- '
chandise. 1057 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
HOUSES WANTED.
NICE house; large grounds; as care taker pay
rent; reference. Box 341. Call of flee, Oakland.
" FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— FIat of 4 rooms and bath; not to
exceed $12. M A., box 240. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— home for a little girl: no other
children. A., box 290, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand baby carriage: must
be In good condition. A. T.. box 4792, Call.
TENT wanted, second-hand, for camping:
cheap. M. J. 8.. 923 McAllister st.
LOST.
_s_i3S£s3_ a 5a 5 s: w*;
ERS 1420 Sacramento st. ■
f h^T — A roclTparrot. Tuesday, from 3% Tay
please return or send word; suitable re-
L^AT^l^^^l^'S^sco^m
ings and I^ n R ; rYDETN. No. 201-1053.
The finder gllgeaSi Stum to hank.
liberal reward. ... —
— ~ ' K -.-v with the Hibernia Savings
LOST-A pass-book with tn Franclßco ,n, n
and Loan f££f ty GEO RGIANA MoILWAIN.
No me i99.593. The finder will please return to
bank ' JJ — -_- — — — —
' CARPET CLEANING.
mC and 4-> l EKift "l: telephone South 250.
—^^T^oTTbe^mTdlsgusted with poor work
W HEN you ep^iTLDISG'S Pioneer Carpet-
%*L£vr2££m*t Tehama «t: tel. 8. 40.
■„,.,/,,. carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
Pel Main 394 GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
7 MrOUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
J -fi"sSj»ofet.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
rvR'ETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
t ir vrrrHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
%£: cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 71.
rnKKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewritten cold and rented: few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
MEW Hammond. $35: Caligraph. $15: Yost. $25;
get sample work. "- SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc Golden West' Stor-
age Warehouse. 840 Mission St.: tel. Mint 1321
TO LEASE.
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A.. 233
Sutter st.; long lease; very low terms, can
be rented as a whole or in divisions; larga
end splendid location: no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 . Market; diseases ; of women a specialty.BUSINESS CHANCES.
.SIOOO— SALOON In very best location; close to
theaters, hotels and newspaper offices: a good
class of trade and excellent paying; rent $50.
Particulars WILKE, 783 Market St.; new
■' number. 545. . -
A-^ORNER grocery and bar on Larkin st. ;
• . established many years; known as a leading
■ a.ud .money-making place; must be sold at
tinea on account of other business investment
..' of "owner. Particulars WILKE, 788% Mar-
ket st.-; new number 843.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; 2 blocks S. of
Market; living-rooms; good-paying place; low
■' "rent. -WILKE. 845 Market st.
.-■ SALOON on Third St., 2 blocks from Call
office: stock worth the money; great sacrifice
•account' sickness of proprietor. See WILKE,
■ 845 Market st. .■■*■*■■
' $2500: CORNER saloon, doing a rushing and
■ • first-class paying business;' very best down-
town location; building, including long ground
" - -.lt'aso; owner has another place; must sacri-
. flee. Particulars WILKK. M" Market st.
A— T1000; CORNER saloon. close to Call build-
.■ ing;, kept by owner 8 years and doing an ex-
cellent business; large stock; low rent; very
"• best offer in the market for location and busi-
• ness. WILKE, 84t> Market st.
'. A— s22s; PARTNER wanted in well-paying res-
• " taurant; centrally located; owner tired of un-
' ■■ reliable help: trial Riven to suitable party.
. Apply M. LESS, 705 Market st., opposite Phe-
. . lan building. -
1-■1 -■ CIGAR stand, laundry office; north of
. ■ Market: fine fixtures, clean stock; a snap:
" ' cr» ,-rier has other business. M. Lt-Sa. <oa
. ■ . Market St., opposite Phelan building.
.-. FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; billiards, pool,
•Bide .rooms; central; must sell this week;
'•" $&50. M. LESS, 765 Market, opp. Phelan bldg.
' $250— FRUIT and vegetable store; north of Mar-
•' ket; horse and wagon; living-rooms: rent
' -cheap- good living; present owner there 0
•' -.years; must be sold at once; owner going
:- away. M. LESS, 705 Market st., opposite
. .-.-Phelah building.
•• TO Let— A nice store for saloon and restaurant
■■'■•■''ln "a, good location; rent only $20. M. LESS,
• " : '.763 Market St., opp. Phelan building.
: XWO^COUNTRY saloon in liveliest town near
•Jetty; positively best location there; must sell
•'•''• On 'account of sickness. Apply M. LESS. 765
-■;■;■ -Market st.
; . $450^-CORNER saloon: old established busl-
•" .• neps; on one of the principal business streets
■ ' '•■ with family rooms and side entrance: this an
*'"•' exceptional bargain on account of diaagree-
: '.ment of partners. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
.• • ■Market_st :
"••$2OOO— DRt'G store, best part of city; more than
■ •'full value in stock: leaving the State cause
'.of sale. Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market.
' !.EGITIMATE business; clears from $200
V to $300 month: suitable for 1 or 2 men: full in-
• Vestipation. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Markt.
'• fcoO — CORNER grocery, bar, living rooms; in-
: : voice $600; don't miss this. KREDO & CO.
1275 — CANDY and ice cream: $S daily: fine liv-
ing rooms, a snap. KREDO & CO., 22*6 Geary
rrSO— MEAT market; wholesale bill $3000
monthly; all cash custom. KREDO & CO.,
' 2214 Geary st. '
■ $300— LAUNDRY route clears $25 per week;
■ good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO.. 22%
: . Geary.
A — GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar;
■ 1750. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
DELICACY store; - rooms; rent $12; good
. • corn. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Mark st.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks; quick sales.
. STENBERG _ CO., 264 Kearny st.
SALOON men, attention: fine corner saloon
will be sold to-day to highest bidder. GUS
- STRAND, SO Kearny St., room 9.
' CORNER saloon on leading business
. street: 4 living rooms :■ rent $20. Particulars
City Agency (JONES & SEARLD.S6S Market
•J75 — PARTNER legitimate money-making
business for live man. Pacific Ex., 995 Market.
FOR SALE— A good paying lodging-house and
' ■ '-. saloon; established over 20 years; all newly
-renovated; 22 rooms; steady lodgers in house;
■, : ' : .rent $40. Inquire 403 Pacific st.
■ $1500— FINE bar and 40 furnished rooms occu-
- ' pied;- best on water front: no agent. X. A.,
■ -. !>. x t, Call office.
.. 'RESTAURANT for sale; 789 Mission St., near
■ Fourth; receipts from $35 to $40 per day; good,
: . ' chance for buyer.
" WANTED— Partner; bis: thing; quick returns;
;. 'no humbug; small capital. Call 129 Hart- ,
':. • f/Td st.
'•'PARTNER wanted in a centrally located 5-
: . 'chair- barbershop; Investment $100. S., box
-• -.T3T, Call.
, .SCOO— POULTRY and fruit ranch near Oakland.
•LOWRY .-. OWENS, Fruitvale Station.
' BARBER shop, with baths, in lively country
•. ' town, for sale. Inquire BO* Battery st. --
'. WANTED— shop, city or country, with
\ living rooms; state price. Box 1777, Call.
CHANCE of a lifetime — A man with money to
.- .manufacture a money-making, first-class pat-
' ent . can be made here or In the East, and
' .will give large returns on the Investment.
• '-.either cash or property taken as part pay-
ment. Any one desiring to enter business in
• the East or in this State will do well to ln-
' •gate. Address box C 0.05,. 05, Call.
$100— PARTNER wanted to start branch ba-
kery, candy, coffee and chop house. MRS.
WARD. 44S Third st. '* -;: : A
' $30/)— PARTNER wanted, light business; $18 to
$£> a week each; no experience required; trial
' ■ gi«ren. Apply 10 to 12. 9 Geary st., room 2.
FOR- SALE cheap— good paying barbershop
. .in town 1000 inhabitants. Address, P. FILIP-
PO, Callst
1 CHICKEN ranch for sale, cheap. Call at 916
. ■ Howard St., rooms 8 and 9.
. SOBER, steady plumber and tinsmith can take
; • hong-used, shop in center of town St. Helena-
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
: ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
OLD established picnic place; good business;
' a bargain; acre of ground; horse, buggy and
.- cart: milch cows; splendid 6-room house with
bath; stable and barn. Apply 23 Third st.
$600— SALOON in good location; must be sold
at once on account of sickness; trial given
Inquire at C. R. THRANE, 10 Seventh st.
OLD 'Established bakery in country for sale;
■ . proprietor has another business on hand Ad-
.- -.dress P. O. box 94, Napa, Cal.
' ARGONAUT saloon, corner Twelfth and Mis-
sion; : must sell on account of sudden de-
parture.
SHOE shop and furniture cheap;' paying busi-
' . ness; owner leaving town. Box 1657, Call.
• BAKERY: 7 barrels flour sold over the coun-
;ter; cheap. 40 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
■ CORNER grocery and saloon for sale
'.Box 431. Call office.
.' SPLENDID opportunity; best 2-chair barber
•'shop in Cal.; good business, etc.; no reason-
.• able offer refused. 1504 Park St., Alameda.
■FOR SALE — Fine, restaurant; good location;
-' .- fine business; investigate; account of sick-
ness. Inquire 216 East Main st., Stockton.
. $50p-^BOARDING house with 11 furnished
'rooms; IS regular boarders; trial before buy-
' . In*. Address M. J.. box 4, Call office, Oakland.
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough
for- two men; thorough investigation given;
'•'•r^d-uce stock if necessary. 621 E 12th. Oakland.
J3o(k--MILK route for sale. Address P. O. box
"'. 19.1.. Santa Rosa. Cal.
' DELICACY store; rent $10; must be sold; no
v reasonable offer refused; party obliged to
leave' ciiy. 1438 Howard st.
• OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 3164
' • ' Twenty-fourth at. -.
■ -TO PRINTERS— CompIete Job office In Oak-
• land; cheap for cash. D., box 1, Call, Oakland.
■ -FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
.' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
. ' '. W. C'ASWELL _ CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at.
. : . LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
Hi C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
. ' HEADQUARTERS FOR
: .':' ROOMING-HOUSES. HOTELS,
. . BOARDING-HOUSES.
— .-— FLATS, rKIVATE HOMES,
CITY AN!, COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
6-room flat: central $150
!"10 rooms; corner; very good . 250
24 rooms; sunny corner: clears $100... StOO i
OS. rooms; corner; clears $250 . . .. 2200
40 rooms; easy payments; call for price.
• 44 rooms; 25 bay windows; corner 3000
26 Booms; new and good .... 1600
' _°£ lh "* ; ,, -'.' 20 ° rooms; prices" $100 to.. 8000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
A— Bo ROOMS; clears $12577! $1200
33 rooms; north of Marktt st ; fine .'.'. ' 1900 I
31 rooms; transient; Market st 950
. 15 rooms; select; transient corner..!!!!!!! 300
.14 rooms; fine house; Income $50 clear . 900
40 rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap. .......
• • 60 rooms; part cash; transient . 1450
. • 5 rooms; beautiful home. see It "" " 250
18 room b; Market st. ; clears >200- cheao'" 850
• . ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st <'f \V
• ■ ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.) '
■ DOWNTOWN 150^-room hotel, completely fur-
' nlshed: payine- $300 per month proflV; tn cloJe
an estate; will sell for $2500. A. m: SPECK
& CO.. 602 Market st. *>ir_v,K.
■ 20 ROOMS, new furniture. 13 and Powell
• ■ St., opposite Baldwin Hotel. For termß \c
• apply on premises or A. M. SPECK _' CO.!
- ■; SEWING MACHINES.
''. AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
• -. ■cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
•■ $2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
••.•machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
''.'• .'repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st
•■ .. -• : ■.■•-.■ -.-■■ ■■'-;■ :•■::■' :<";■ ■■-■.■
CLAIRVOYANTS.
- THE RECOGNIZED LEADER --5
'Of Clairvoyance and Occult Science.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
MANY IMITATE.
BUT NO ONE CAN EQUAL.
PROF. M. OMAR.. The Occult Wonder
HAS NO EQUAL.
325.... EDDY 5T.... 325.
Gives full name of every caller.
Names of your sweethearts or husband.
Gives advice to make you successful in love,
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, : eta
Cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil Influences.
OMAR.. NEVER FAILS
TO UNITE THE SEPARATED
and
Causes speedy and happy marriages.
Guarantees success in all cases.
Private Residence.
Separate parlors for ladies and gentlemen.
All business sacredly confidential.
Letters containing 4 questions and $1 answered.
ATTENTION! YOUR DESTINY FORETOLD!
PROF. H. ROMAINE.
THE ORIENTAL SEEK,
LATE OF INDIA.
In order to quickly Introduce his work and
give all an opportunity to test his powers, all
fees reduced for one week. A $2 reading for $L
He calls you by name.
Tells names of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affairs.
All about your lore and domestic affairs.
Causes speedy marriages.
Reunites the separated in seven days.
Locates buried treasures In five days.
Locates mines and valuable ores.
Recovers old estates and valuable papers.
Removes evil influences, bad habits, etc.
Gives good luck In all your undertakings. 1
Guarantees Success
In any of the above work or Money Refunded.
Being a Master, He Never Falls.
Hours 10 to S. Satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
' Letters with stamp answered.
OFFICES, 1206 MARKET ST., SUITE 104.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK—
Unrivaled.
Trance Clalrvr-ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery In life: will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
ratisfactlon guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26, 1206 Market street.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stoc-Kton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
50c, gents $I ; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
' advice; names given; 25c up. • 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI: Your fortune told by
chirography, $1 and $2. 109 Grant awe., room 2.
; MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
SONORA RAMONA, medium and card reader;
10c; ladles only. 23 Ash aye.
i MME. SODAN, Scotch seeress, card reader and
palmist; from 9 to 8. 619 Eddy St.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister st. come, skeptics.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings da^y. 212^ Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium, 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St. ; read-
lngs, $1; clr. Tues., Fri.. 2- p. m. ; Sat. 8; 25c.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings daily at resi-
dence. 353 Geary st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright plan os for $0
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-band uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
MARSHALL & WENDELL, $7?i O Hall.
$100; Bradbury, $130; Neuman, $145; Sterling,
$18*: Estey, $190; guaranteed; easy payments.
BEN'J. CURTAZ & SON. Chickering agents,
16 O'Farrell st.
WE invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.,
corner Grant aye. ; Connover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Brings and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT: $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent, $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 3.24 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 op, HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD right very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
! KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
, ML'LLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
TROTTING cart, cost $100, for $40; young
mare, handsome, speedy, well broke for city.
W. E. SHAW, 1929 Market st.
40 HORSES for -sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
WAGQXS AXD CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and irllk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; alsp 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
EIGHT horse-power engine and boiler: cheap;
now running. 426 Ninth st.
! BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
1 ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st.. above Sixth.
A FINE thing for a present; full lino of
graphophones, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
NEARLY new Dr. Sanden electric belt for sale
cheap. A.,, box 60, Call office.
NEW 16-foot oak bar and back bar A
STRAND. 618 Bush st.
NICE young fresh family cow for Bale. Apply
at Twenty-fifth st. and San Bruno aye.
FRESH young cow: rich milk; gentle; or will
exchange for dry cow. 1312 Folsom st.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting en-
glnes, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, 938-946 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building materials 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SAFES— In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.
bought and cold. 1063 Mission St.. nr. Seventh.
~ BICYCLES. ~~
BIG sacrifice, second-hand bicycles; first come,
first served. J. HOLLE, 20th and Folsom sts.
TiiirMffi-itfriiimrViWamfaiitfir " - . .? ?Bfc*^tas
THE SAX FKA^TCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AFG-rST 11, 1898.
ROUSES TO LET.
DKVISADERO, 723, near Fulton— S rooms and
bath; very sunny; three car lines; $37 50.
FILLMORE, 1720—7 large sunny modern rooms;
garden front and rear: 4 car lines; $80.
FURNITURE of beautiful 20-room house on
Van Ness, near Ellis; bargain for cash; mod-
ern house; or will rent. 808 Van Ness aye.
GROVE, bet. Buchanan and Webster— House
of 9 rooms and bath.
CyFARRELL. 145 C and 1458— Sunny side; 7 rooms
and bath; rent $30; key at 1454^
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
1! UMsIICI) HOUSES TO LET.
GOLDEN GATE. 173C — Furnished mansion, 12
rooms; heater; billiards; large garden: fine
view. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
FILLMORE, Uft—Cottage 5 rooms, • bath and
basement; al6O 3 large rooms; rent reasonable.
15TH, nr. Dolores— Sunny newly renovated cot-
tages; 6 rooms; bath; basement; yard: cheap.
FLATS TO LET.
AA— DALE place, 8, off Golden Gate aye., bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde — 4 and 6 rooms; bath.
ELEGANT 7-room corner flat. 6.")2 Church St..
1 block from Mission High School.
FLAT of four rooms and bath, bay-window;
$12. 71G Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
HAIGHT. 1021, bet. Broderlck and Baker-
Sunny 6-room flat: fine view; near Park.
HYDE, 813-817— Modern, sunny, well built; clean
and In perfect repair.
MINNA, 648, near Eighth— Sunny corner flat
of 4 and 7 rooms; bath; range if required; ap-
preciated If seen.
POST, S6o7— Bay window flat of 5 sunny
rooms, $14; all modern improvements.
WANTED— Tenants; flats and cottages re-
duced; 3 rooms now $6 up: 4 rooms $8 and up:
great inducements at SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$16—5 ROOMS and porcelain bath; 541 Castro
Bt., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
$14—1 sunny rooms and bath; 4171 Twentieth
St.. near Castro.
fff s larfr p rooms, now building, upper flat;
715 Castro St., near Twentieth.
$!<; 5 rooms: 16 Cumberland pt.. off Guerrero.
; bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
F. NELSON. 709 Castro »t.
ITO Let— Handsome lower fl:tt, 6 rooms. 738
Fourteenth St., near Market.
4 ROOMS, sunny yard. 11 Harlan place, off
Grant aye.. near Sutter st. l
$10 so— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms.'- 125 A Page St.,
bet. Gough and Octavia.
$15 2 NEW upper modern Funny flats, 5 rooms
and bath. 266S Twenty-second St.. nr. Bryant.
j $16— SAN JOSE aye., 148, nr. 24th— New modern
I flat, 5 sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath.
I 6 ROOMS, $14; also comfortable cottage, 4
sunny rooms. 623 Second, near Rlncon aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
iAT 522 Polk — Nice sunny unfurnished fr^nt
suite; also single room; rent cheap; 3 fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping; $15.
j BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Front bedroom
and kitchen, furnishiß, ?8; 2 unfurnished
! rooms, $5.
BRYANT. 511— Bryant, near Third— Nicely fur-
nished sunny suite; front; $8 per mon'h.
BUCHANAN. 602, cor. Fell— Sunny bay wln-
j dow; running water, gas, bath, $8; $7, no gas.
I EIGHTH. 246—2 furnished sunny housekeeping
I rooms. $9.
ELLlii 639. cor. Larkln— Large sunny room,
; with gas stove and bay window alcove.
I FILLMORE, 61S, near Hayes— Sunny furnished !
rooms; also for light housekeeping; in good ,
family.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— 3 Runny unfur-
nished rooms to small family: $10.
FIFTH, 322 — Newly renovated connecting
housekpng rms., complete: bath; private; $10.
riFTH SBt 8 furnlshe.l housekeeping:, $13; :
also 2 or 3 furnished and bath, $14 and $20; I
single, $4 and $5.
FIRST. 303, corner Folsom— Cheap; $9; 6 rooms;
small; In excellent order.
! FOLSOM. 863— A large sunny bedroom; kitchen;
I _J_rd- ,
GOLDEN GATE, 730— Large, convenient sunny
rorwn, closets; also small room, $\j.
j GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— Furnished front
roam and kitchen, $10; also front single, $5.
i HOWARD, 7<>4 — Large sunny rooms suitable for
dressmaker; rent reasonable; housekeeping.
LAFAYETTE,. 3I, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
1301—2 furnished or unfurnished rooms
I with use of kitchen.
I MINNA. 331— One or two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng.
MISSION, 563—2 nice sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
1 23168. MISSION— 2, 3or 5 rooms and bath; fur-
nished for housekeeping.
OAK, 11S*1 — 3 or 5 furnished rooms: entrance
I'ark; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Gear}'— Large dining room
and kitchen, $11; bay windows; gaa si
POLK, 15_— Nice sunny front suit--: running
water, bath, gas; light housekeeping.
SCOTT, 315— Housekeeping rooms^
SIXTH, 244— Front sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete.
SIXTH, 314 — Front bay-window suite furnish-
ed for housekeeping; rent $10.
S< .TH PARK. 184^2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
TURK, 539— Nicely furnished single and double
rooms, $6 and $S; housekeeping privileges.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near How.. rd— Part of
nice sunny flat; use of bath and laundry;
cheap.
TWENTT-FOURTH, 3206, corner Howard—
Three furnished gunny rooms, with bath.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINSOR Hotel— Rooms without board: accom-
modations for cooking. 9th and Washlngtor
~ "roo_T_~~t5~ let.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable..
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton et. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A— STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front
rooms: suite, single; facing plaza; day or mo.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence. 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; beat attention.
i AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; baths, running water.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell— Rooms by the
day. week or month; very reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Eflis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished Single ani double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant aunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH 309— Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water; other rooms; also housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 766 I *— 2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let; $4 and $5.
FOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
cje \ RY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms, suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 610— Elegantly furnished rms. ; suites
and single; also handsome doctor's suite.
GOLDEN GATE, 332— Furnished sunny front
rooms, single or en suite.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mlselon— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 1800, cor. Fourteenth— 3 or 4 sunny
front rooms; rent JsBj
HYDE 110& (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms j-eaanble.
i(>\_.^ HOT -Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms; reasonable; gas; water; bath; central.
JUNIPER, S, off Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th— 8 |
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; bath;
furnished hall.
LARKIN' 221, cor. Golden Gat»— Nice sunny
room, $7: also housekeeping suite; gaa stove. |
LEXINGTON aye., 159—3 nice large sunny j
rooms and cellar, $10.
MINNA 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished (
bay-wind w room; $1 per week. j
MCALLISTER, 511— Homelike front suite for
housekeeping; single and double rooms;
cheap.
MCALLISTER, 638—2 elegantly furnished sunny
front rooms, $10 and $S, or en suite, $16. |
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric Hghts, day. week or month.
OLIVE aye., 110, off Polk— Small furnished
room, including bath; rent $3.
PAGE, 470—1 or 2 furnished rooms; gas, fire-
place; in a nice private house; no other
roomers; for man and wife or mother and
daughter; reference required.
PINE 910— Quiet and homelike sunny rooms;
baths and gas; finest location In city.
POLK, 1718 — Three unfurnished rooms to
let, cheap.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Elegant-
ly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, IS2, near Howard (Girard House) —
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, 121— Six sunny rooms and both |
STEVENSON. 564— Nice sunny front room,
well furnished, $7 month; single room, $5;
private respectable family.
SUTTER, 1148— Front suite; also 2 or 3 very j
nice rooms for light housekeeping; gas and j
bath.
TAYLOR. I'HJ, near Market— Furnished rooms
for rent, 23c night and up.
TAYI.i >11, 108 — Nice sunny front suite; 2 beds; !
running water; bath, gas; light housekeep-
ing; rent cheap.
TAYLOR, 407 2 furnished front rooms; nice
and sunny; cheap to right party^ .
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room for
gentleman.
TURK, 127— Nice large light parlor, suitable ;
doctor or of rice: cheap to right party. j
VAN N Beautiful sunny rooms, newly
furnished; modern every respect.
WANTED— 2 young lady roomer*. 339 Bush st.
UOOMS AND BOARD.
ELLIS, 518— Nice sunny rooms with first-class
table board; use of parlor, iiuno; $20 up-_
FOLSOM. 511 Swedish prlvnte boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board: also single room; private; terms rea-
sonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath; gas; telephone; with breakfast. $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, 742— Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per j
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week. I
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family hoard-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Fumlly boardg;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
. ;
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHUjDRKN or Infants b rarded, nvther's care;
references; moderate H2t Magnolia St., Oaklnd
LAPY wants to board children and give moth-
er's care. Apply 532 Stevenson st.
STOKES TO Li:T.
A— NEW stores, 133 Ellis and 233 Powell st<s. ;
month free. Apply SPECK & CO., IBS Market
FINE store living rooms; fit for any business; '•
1007 Larkin Bt. ; $14. Apply 102 Eddy st^ j
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome sts.; j
handsome corner store; cheap to good parties, j
STORE and flat to let. 60 Converse Bt., off
Bryant, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
$9— STORE and living room at 837 Noe st. ;
prosperous neighborhood.
MEDICAL.
DR. JOSSELYN, the great specialist, removed
rket st.. opp. Powell; chronic and
private diseases, lost manhood, female trou-
bles, irregularities, especial attention; with a
mind matured and enri> bed I ' studies of an
advanced order and 55 years' practic ■ (45 years
In this city), enables him to warrant a p r-
fect cure In all cases; his female monthly
remedies are safe and never fail; consulta- ,
tions free; letters promptly attended to. J.
H. JOSSELY'N, M. D..
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. DavYs, j
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar- :
anteed; any diseases or irregularity; dia
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, :
though else fall; delicacy. privacy, home,
etc: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
dr-lny: self-cure sent; call or writ-; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market
st : pflls, $1 ; -very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V. ;
offices, Hackmeier Hotel. 123 Eddy st. ; hours
S to 11. 2 to 5 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained In all eases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores all cas^s of
monthly irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
in a few hours ; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential ; self-cure, $6; pills, $i.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk rt., ne;ir Jones.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter j
from what cause; no medicine or lnstru- !
ments used; restores in one day without fall; j
every woman her own physician; aw.ty dis-
grace; consultation free: can be sent and Used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure Jo; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies" : letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price i
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO.. 4'>6 Clay st. : send I
2c stamp for particulars to Begun Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X «.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. lift Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, v.iih every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr
Z514 Fulton st. ; McAllister I house!
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; home in confine^
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 2545, Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St., diseases of women
and children.
EDUCATIONAL.
SELBORNE School for Boys, San Rafael; best
equipped boarding school on the coast; sepa-
rate rooms; fine table; magnificent gymna-
sium; skilled teachers; bus meets all trains;
parents invited to inspect. For Illustrated
catalogue apply to the principal Ui v
CHARLES HITCHCOCK, San Rafael.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MI NT
TURNER; correct and natural productlojf of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and afttr:
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush St.,
near Jones.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch's;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; llOu grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYREB' Business College, 723 Market stT;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches plßno and mandolin th ,r-
oughly; 50c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavta st
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph.B.. FeN
low In Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Athert in,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEER!" itiical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arehit.; day At eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
VISITING governess; teaches English branches, j
French, German, music; several instruments.
603 Eddy at.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE. pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEI'I.Vi;. rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND tauprht in 1 month; references;
private Ussons; terms $10. 71- Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 76c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Lelpslc. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary et. j
PERSONALS.
WANTED— To communicate with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have been in-
duced to pay money to a certain party on
representation of being appointed agents for
a composition styled toilet cream. Address
H., box 10, Call office. . -
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. 1513 A Howard st.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils are public
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly, In advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only for those who start in
before the beginning of the season— c.,
August 10. 1236 Market st.
I MAKE it my aim to please each and every
one; hairdresslng-, 2."c only: hair restored to
its natural color from $1 50 up; good switches,
$1; finest. S3 50; extra. $5: open Sunday, 9 to
12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ANY- professional or amateur photographer
having good photos of soldiers at Steuart-st.
wharf made Friday, especially representing
Red Cross work. Please describe and address
box C. 01, Call office. ■
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6984, Call office, for cure.
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order,; $50.
MARX'S Fur Store. 957 -Market St.
LEDERER'S Quinonia cleanses the scalp; has
no equal. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
gage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; hairdresslng, popular prices.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st., Alan
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT dressmaker; makes children's
dresses, fitted at their homes. Address D..
branch Call office, 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 943 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. 9tocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckela bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; confutation free; no fees In advance.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Furnishing and Delivering
One Hundred (100) Keyless-Door Fire Alarm
1 ■-•-.- for the Fire Alarm and Police Tele-
I aph.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervi-
sors of the City and County of San Francisco,
August 9. 1898.
In accordance with resolution No. 1528
(Fourth Series) of tne Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY AFTERNOON. August 15, 1898,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the furnishing and
delivery (for use of the Fire Alarm, and
Police Telegraph) of one hundred (100) key-
less-door fire alarm boxes, complete with all
apparatus and connections, in accordance
with specifications on file in the office of the
Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph, at No. 17 Brenham place.
The said fire alarm boxes to be constructed
to the satisfaction of and to be approved
by the Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and the Committee on Fire
Department of the v ßoard of Supervisors.
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
which they will furnish and deliver the said
boxes, complete in every particular, and ready
for use, to the Superintendent of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph, within ninety
days from date of contract.
For any further information required, bid-
ders Will apply to the Superintendent of the
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph.
Bidders will be required to furnish a sample
of their respective Fire Alarm Boxes.
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice In three dally . news-
papers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of one thousand ($1000) dol-
lars deposited by the bidder with and made
payable to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, conditioned if the proposal be ac-
cepted and the contract awarded; and if the
bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the print-
ing charges, execute the contract and give the
required bond within six days after the
award is made, then and in that case the said
-turn shall be paid into the City and County
i Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated damages
for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS— For the Leasing, for Five Years,
of Two Blocks of Land, Known as "Market
Places." Bounded by Channel, Irwin, Hudson
and Fifth streets.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco,
August 9, 1898.
■In accordance with Resolution No. 1531
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, August 15, IS9S.
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the leasing, for a
term of <":v> % (5) years, the two blocks of city
property situated on the south side of Chan-
nel street, and known as "Market Places,"
bounded by Channel, Irwin. Hudson and Fifth
streets, under the following conditions, to-.
wlt * CONDITIONS.
CONDITIONS.
The lessee shall, where necessary, fill In
the said blocks, and the said blocks must
be to the official grade at the expiration of
the lease.
That in no event will the city and county
agree to give an entrance or approach by
land to the said property, as the lessee will
be required to procure a right of way by
land, if desired or required, at his own cost
and charge.
The lessee will be required to give a bond In
the sum of five thousand ($3000) dollars, with
two good and sufficient sureties thereon, that
the conditions herein required will be strictly
compiled with, and on falling to comply with
any of the said conditions, then the said lease
shall thereupon terminate and be of no force
or effect, and the amount of said bond shall
be forfeited, and shall be paid or collected
by suit tor the city and county at liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
\ll improvements made by the lessee on said
blocks shall at the expiration of the lease,
revert to the city and county.
Bidders will estimate and state the amount
they will pay monthly as rental for the two
blocks jointly, with the distinct understanding
that the lease will be made to the highest bid-
der therefor, and that the payments on said
leaje shall be made monthly to the Mayor of
this city and county.
The party to whom the lease may be
granted will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the lease, to pay
the cost of advertising this and a former no-
tice in three daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the granting of the lease/the Board
nan resolved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the committee,
and a certified check for the sum. of one
thousand ($1000) dollars deposited by the bid-
der with and made payable to the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, conditioned if the
proposal be accepted and the lease granted;
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges and slrrn the agreement,
and -give the required bond within six days
after the said lease is granted, then and in
that case the said sum shall be paid into
the City and County Treasury by paid Clerk
as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The -Board reserves the . right to reject: all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
ROOM A, First i loor,
. ; Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS'.
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! ' "" PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $230; level building lots near
Mission-street electric cars: only $6 monthly.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
______________
XT HEIGHTS --OTS 7
' $400, $450 to $S5O; officially graded; superb
view; 125 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400, $450 to $750: choicest Richmond building
lots: street graded and sewered: $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
$2000 — ONE-SIXTH cash, balance small I
monthly payments; 4 rooms and bath cottage .
finished complete with every modern conve- j
1 nience; lot 23x114, on Twentieth St.. near Castro. I
$3600— *.".' " CASH, balance Installments: a
large 6-room 2-story house with high finished
basement; highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; choice location. Castro St.,
near Twentieth. F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
MUST be sold ; cottage 6 sunny rooms and
bath; high basement: front and back garden:
everything in first-class order; street work
all done: part cash; lot 23x137:6. 2SIS Bush
St., between Baker and Lyon. ■ |
$325— LARGE lot, 44x103:6, north line Howtn St.,
near Geneva aye.; 2 car lines; Spring Valley
water: nice neighbors. Owner, 21 Powell, r. 1. |
PLANS, specifications, etc.. submitted for any
kind of bids. W. Rednall, bldr.. 1326 Hayes.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$150 FOR 10 acres; payable $10 a month, with-
out interest or taxes; fine valley land, under j
Irrigation canal; railroad runs through the ■
tract; fine fruit and farming land: only IS
tracts left; call immediately and secure one I
before it Is too late. WESTERN LAND CO., j
640 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1600, COST $2300; story-and-a-half new house:
mortgage $1300; must be sold at once; $300
cash; fine neighborhood; street macadamized,
etc. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
1390 — FOR a 3-room cottage and three nice
lot?' $25 cash; monthly installments to suit.
$75— Lots in the Allendale Tract. East Oak-
land. $5 cash, $5 monthly on one or more lots:
3 electric car lines; fine school; city water;
grand boulevard near; 35 families now located; |
view, location and soli unexcelled; building up j
rapidly; perfect drainage. Call or send for j
I circular. 455 Seventh St.. cor. Broadway, Oak- i
J land. H. Z. JONES, owner. j
HANDSOME modern home; Just completed; 2- j
Rtoiry, 7-room; modern in every particular; ;
completely finished and specially well built: '
lot 40x125; 3 minutes from local station, 30 ]
minutes from San Francisco; • one of the
choicest residence localities In Oakland; easy
monthly payments. HERON _ HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway.
NEW modern home; a bargain; must be sold;
near Grove-st. electric cars; within city lim-
its; 10 rooms and bath: cement basement;
nickel-plated open plumbing; all modern con-
veniences; lot 50x120. Apply to owner at once,
810 Thirty-sixth St.. Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
T>ub)l'-;~pror"Ttv Innk^rt affr. : S1 » Rmsiin-av
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board: quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS" old store, 488 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A--AMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
-UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800, $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are new offered at
i a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
; tain 4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new. and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
I inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
I Bay-st. station. Alameda, and 630 Market St.,
i San Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday*.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— "3:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
: bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
1 bath; any terms. .
$2200— 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
; house; 6 rooms and bath.
JIEOO — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth ;
I $2500.
: $2Soo— Lot 42x130; elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath: up-to-date.
' $3000— Lot 42xi:0; fine NW. corner: 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145: el: .ant corner lot. with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. 1432 Park St.. Alameda..
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
INCOME property, annual rents $SlB, for farm
near Oakland. S2S Lombard st.
GRAIN and fruit ranch, only 26 miles from '
San Francisco, to exchange for San Francisco I
or Oakland property. Address room 17, 407
San Pablo aye., Oakland, Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — City," Oakland or town property for :
2200 acres grain and fruit land; 4 miles from
steamers and railroad. SPECK & CO.. 602 i
Market st. ;
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of copartnership— the un-
dersigned, hereby certify that we constitute'
a paitnership, transacting the business of |
buying, selling and dealing in hides, pelts,
furs and tallow In the State of California;
that the principal place of said business is at i
the City and County of San Francisco in said :
State of California, and that the name of
said partnership is STRAUSS & ROUX, and
that the names in full of all the members of
said partnership are ARTHUR S. STRAUSS
and FRANK ROUX. and that the place of
residence of said ARTHUR S. STRAUSS is
at the City and County of San Francisco,
' State of California, and that the place of
residence of said FRANK ROUX is also at
said City and County of San Francisco, State
of California,
Dated, San Francisco. July 19, A. D. IS9S.
ARTHUR S. STRAUSS.
FRANK ROUX.
State of California. City and County of
San Francisco, ss.
On the nineteenth day of July, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight,
before me, M. GREENBLATT, a notary
public in and for the said City and County.
res'.. ling therein, duly commissioned and
'sworn, personally appeared ARTHUR S.
STRAUSS and FRANK ROUX. known to
me to be the persons described In, wh/>se
• names are subscribed to and who executed
the annexed Instrument, and they severally
acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my Official seal, at my i
office in the City and County of San Fran- j
cisco, the day and year in this certificate
first above written.
[Notarial SHU.] M. GREENBLATT,
Notary Public, in and for the City and i
County of San Francisco, State of California.
Indorsed: Filed July 20. 1898. i
C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON. Deputy Clerk.
LEGAL NOTICES.
jj0~2720. State of California— ln the Superior
Court in and for the City and County of San
Francisco (Department Ten).
In the matter of the petition of IDA M.
SCOOFFY for the perpetuation of testimony.
In the above entitled special proceeding no-
tice is hereby given that under an order of the
presiding judge of said court, dated July 6,
A D 1898 and on the application of the above
named petitioner, IDA M. SCOOFFY, on
THURSDAY. September S. A. D. IS9S, before
J p SULLIVAN, Notary Public, at his office.
on the fourth floor of the Parrott building-,
situated on the south side of Market street,
between Fourth and Fifth streets, in the said
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, commencing at the hour of 10
o'clock a m. on said date, the testimony of
HIRAM HURT COOK and of WALTER HER-
BERT COOK In the said special proceeding
will he taken.
The olijtct of the said special proceeding is to
perpetuate the testimony of the said witnesses
in relation to the lot a^d premises, thirty
(80) feet front by sixty (6(|) feet in depth, sit-
uated on the west side of Taylor street, be-
tween Pacific and . Broadway streets, in said
city and county, and numbered one thousand
five hundred and forty-one (1541), on Taylor
For further information reference Is hereby
made to the petition and order aforesaid.
IDA M. SCOOFFY, Petitioner.
Dated San Francisco. July 6. A. D. IS9S.
EXTENSION of protest — CAPTAIN JOH.
EHRICH . JENSEN, master of the German
ship Tampa (R. I. H. N.I. will : extend his
protest on FRIDAY, August 12, IS9S, at 10
o'clock a. m., at the office . of the Imperial
German Consulate at this city, 318 Sacra-
mento st. ■ • LOHAN.
Imperial ■ German Vive-Consul.
Ban Francisco, August 8, 189 S.
JV-: DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $3; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. telephone Jessie 1122.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentr
Ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, _ ..• up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.- _^
DR. LUDLHM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY; 1320 Market st. • * '
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRISTIE, 8 Mason St., cor. Market.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must, be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KNUDSON— In this city. August 8, 1898, to the
wife of Louis Knudson, a son.
KRATZ— In this city, August 5, 1898, to the
wife of Adolph Kratz, a son.
MARRIED.
MEYER— In this city. August 4, ISP3.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Thomas Coyle
and Anna Meyer.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, August
9, IS9B, by the Rev. Father Brennan, Jamea
C. Cunningham and Sabina M. Small.
HOCK— KNIGHT— In this city. August 7, 1898,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Tobias Hock Jr.
and Nellie Knight.
HUMBERT— Seattle, Wash., at St.
Mark's Church, August 9, 1898, Pierre Hum-
bert Jr. of Boston, Mass., and Martha Sin-
clair Lyle of San Francisco.
STELLING -CHRISTIANSEN —In this city,
August 6. 1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Peter Stelllng and Christine Christiansen.
WARNER— PASTORE— In this City, August 5,
IS9B. Charles P. Warner of First New York
Volunteer Infantry, Company D, and Lillian
E. C. Pastore of San Francisco.
WHITE— GRAVES— In San Diego, August 10,
IS9B. William J. H. White and Elma Graves.
DIED.
Borrer, Edward J. Masserano, Jean R.
Burch, Lulu M. O'Neill. Dennis
Carroll, Emily M. Power, Annie A.
Cramsie, William Sanders. C. O.
Elklngton, Lucretia Schlck, Irving
Fisher, Mary Schroeder, Charles
Foley, Mamie I. Soderburg. Carl W.
Frye. Mrs. Virginia Spreckels. Augusta
Gaunt, Charles N. ' Todd, Mrs. Sarah E.
Hustedt. Friederich Valadao, Francisco
McGlynn, James H. Wester. Peter
BORRER— In this city. August 8, 1898. Edward
J., dearly beloved son of Catherine and the
late Theodore Borrer, brother of Pauline Bor-
rer, grandson of Ludwig Weling, and nephew
' of Bertha Weling. a native of San Francisco,
; aged 19 years 1 month and 25 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, irom the residence
of his parents, 13 Kate street, off Bryant,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, for
services at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, i- •'.
BURCH— In this city. August 9, ISPS, Lulu M.
Burch, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years 3 months and 2 days.
C_J"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 626Vi-. Ash avenue.
CARROLL— In this city. August 10, 1898, Emily
Mildred, beloved daughter of William F. and
Delia A. Carroll, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 6 months.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 13% Isis street, off Twelfth,
between Folsom and Harrison. Interment
private.
CRAMSIE— Denver. August 8, IS9B, Wil-
liam Crimsie, aged 64 years.
ELKINGTON— Near Georgetown, El Dorado
County, Lucretia E., wife of John Elklngton.
and mother of Charles E. Elkington and
Mrs. J. N. Phillips, a native of Mystic, Conn.,
aged 56 years 9 months and 5 days. Mystic,
Conn., papers please copy.)
FISHER— this city. August 9, 1898, Mary,
beloved wife of .Turn, Fisher, mother of
Mrs. George Behn and Robbie and Mamie
Johnston, daughter of James and Jane Mc-
I fauiey. and sister of Mrs. John McKendry
and Mrs. William Mai>es, a native of Ire-
land, aged 47 years 5 months and 9 days.
C_?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .un-ral this day
j (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, .'2O Minnesota street (Potrero), near
Eighteenth street.' Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
FOLEY— In this city. August 9. IS3S. Mamie 1.,
beloved daughter of Michael and Catherine
Foley, a native of Benicla, aged 34 years and
7 months.
_7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, Irom St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment St. Dominic's Cemetery.
FRYE— Washington, D. C. August 10. IS9B,
Mrs. Virginia C. Frye. beloved mother of Mrs.
Ida L. Flood of San Francisco. .
GAUNT — In Oakland, August S. 1898, Charles
Nelson Gaunt, nephew of Mrs. Sarah H. Mc-
Mahon, a native of Duchess County, New-
York, aged 50 years.
HUSTEDT— In San Leandro, August 9, 1898.
Friederich, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garetha Hustedt. brother-in-law of Mrs. J.
Lutjen. and uncle of Mrs. H. Bruns, Mrs. P.
Wlndeler, Mrs. J. Peters. Louis Borman and
Herman and Fred Hustedt, a native of Han-
over, Germany, age.'. 73 years and 15 days.
(_TFriends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence of the deceased In San Leandro. In-
terment San Lorenzo Cemetery, San Lorenzo.
McGLYNN— In this city, August 10. IS9S. James
Henry, beloved son of Bernard and Delia
McGlynn, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months.
MASSERANO— In this city, August 8, IS9B.
Jean Ramon Count de Masserano, beloved
hut-band of Mare de Masserano. and father
of Mrs. Beatrice Smith and Ferdinand Leon-
ard Viscount de Masserano. a native of Bay-
onne. France, aged 61 years 7 months and 13
days
O'NEILL— In this city, August 10. IS3S. Dennis
O'Neill, beloved brother of Miss Mary O'Neill,
a native of the town of Courtmaosherry, par-
ish of Lisslea, County Cork, Ireland, aged 67
years.
C_?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late residence.
227% Francisco street, between Stockton and
Dupont, thence to St. Francis Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POWER— In this city, August 10, IS9B. Annie
A . beloved daughter of Bernard and Ana-
statla Power, and sister of Edward J.. Mary
E Margaret V.. Bernard M. and Martin
P.' Power, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years 7 months and 21 days.
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1721 Jones street, thence to
St Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
SANDERS-^-In Dawson City. June 27, 18*8, C.
O. Sanders, a native of Sweden, aged 43
years.
SCHICK— this city, August 10, 1898, Irv-
ing beloved son of Max and Annie Schick, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years and 3
months. "
SCHROEDER— In this city. August 9, 1898,
Charles, beloved husband of . Katherine
Schroeder, and father of Mathilda Schroeder
and Mrs. Edward Helmke. a native of
Bremervorde. Germany, aged 48 years. A
member of San Francisco Fusiliers' Mutual
Benefit Fund and ex-member of Company I,
First Regiment Infantry.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 139 Do'ores street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
SODERBURG— In this city, August 9, 1893,
Carl W. Soderburg, a native of Sweden, aged
57 years.
SPRECKELS— In this city. August S. 1898, Au-
gusta L., dearly beloved wife, of Julius H.
Spreckels, daughter of Henry and Louise
Steinhagen. and sister of Mrs. Captain R.
Peterson, a native of Germany, aged 20 years
and 19 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 817 Hampshire street, between
Twentieth and . Twenty-first streets. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TODD— In Alameda, August 10. IS9B. Mrs.
Sarah E. B. Todd, a native of Canada, aged
■ 58 years.
VALADAO— In this city, August 10. 1898, Fran-
cisco Centano Valadao, beloved brother of
John Joze and Antonio Valadao; a native of
Azores Islands, Portugal, aged 27 years.
WESTER— In this city. August 9. 1898, Peter
Wester, a native of Oland, Sweden, aged 49
years. >
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clation— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner
streets, this day (Thursday), at. 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
l UKEKAL DIRECTORS & E_._AL_t_B3 I
<■!< 11ITE ST., Opp. Linoola SaajJi. |
Telephone, South SO. '■■ ' . ' |
1112
TROOPS ARE
TO BE SENT
UP THE YUKON
The Government Fears That the
Threatened Starvation May
Cause Bloodshed.
Desperate Efforts Will Be Made to Forward
Supplies and Maintain Good Order.
General Merriam's Plans.
Serious trouble in Interior Alaska is ap
prehended by the United States Govern
ment.
Food riots are feared at Fort Yukon and
ether upriver points, growing out of the
failure of the transportation companies
to g-ef supplies in there on tho pre\ ailing
low water.
Acting on Instructions received frum
Ington yesterday, Major General
Merriaxn will quickly dispatch a battery
of artillery to St. Michael, the officer in
charge having orders to proceed at once
up the Yukon River to Fort Yukon and
open a military post for the coming win
ter. The expedition will also carry a
large Quantity of extra provisions and
supplies to relieve distress. When St.
Michael is reached tho commanding of
ficer will promptly levy on any river
beats he may find, seizing them if neces
sary, and will transport his troopfl nd
supplies to their destination with all pos-
Blble dispatch. A form of military gov
ernment will be established and pood or
der maintained in Alaska, even if it re
quires the services of the soldiers and
artillery.
This news will come in the nature of a
surprise to most people bere. as the ab
sorbing Interest taken in the war has t< m
porarily diverted public attention from
the Alaskan goldiields and the many
thousands of people who entered the re
gion last year and this spring.
But these persons— some 30.000 or more —
have been struggling with grim fate for
many a weary week, pushing <>n into tne
mountain traps of the interior and plac
ing themselves beyond the reach of ocean
vessels, the only sure carriers of supplies.
.Early in the spring a remarkable thaw
throughout Alaska and the British North
west melted the snow on the mountains
and in the valleys, and a phenomena!
fl" id took place, the Yukon and f>ther
streams rising to a height unequaled in
many years. The country was thus
drained* of its annual water supply, the
summer being almost dry so far a^ rain
Is concerned. The Yukon soon fell to a
very Low stage, and the river boats, with
a few light-draught exceptions, found it
impossible to get far up the stream. Two
or three of the lightest managed to reach
Dawson. and landed small cargoes
provisions and whisky, but the amount
was utterly Insufficient. Even the larg
est <>f the Yukon craft can carry not to
exceed 400 ions of freight at a trip, and
this means supplies for a year for about
400 men, a miner"s outfit for one season
weighing a ton. As fully 30,003 people
had reached Dawson and nearby pi.ints,
was scarce^ a taste of new provi
sions for the crowd. It would hnvc t;iKen
at least seventy-five large steamboats car
rying cargoes of 400 tons each to fully
supply the multitude. Many, it is true,
. brought in supplies with them, but in
.very limited quantities, and such supplies
have been mostly consumed.
. Now the summer there is almost over
and the startling fact has become clearly
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"SOFT
"TEfc 9ua $3< '&?n -■ ' <& ■■■.' "%?:
: PRODUCED BY
Ofie^ighMreatment * «£
■ ■tie nlgfct leaii-.flio bands In .a rftrcog, hot
Of pUfIC&BA 80AP. Pry thorooiSsJy,
eiB MtotaC freely vrttli CCfICTTHA. greatest «C
MUflAl&& "&sj» <s*ea. VToar old kid glare*.:
ivitb' toe 4k&sT «ds cat off end ho'.es In tb«
©4lO»i ox vip'JlatJSn. For red. rongt. chapped
'oT'^ISWJowd : band*, dry. fi3Sa»ed, itchiaj. fe-
rerWi palm*, wltb shapeless ni.2s and p*lnfuj
Bsg«r ends. thi» treatment 1» wouderTuL
Aft«r Qrcliiur. Golf. Taaiis. Hiding, of any
litWleUc*. a bath *ith eforioojßA soap i.
Sa ol th« loxnriw or modern cWllza«on. It
rr*T«atB chafing, rednees and roasbocss of th«
Sfclt locfhes Sna»nQatlon and irHtatJon. it-
morus Widae or otfeosSV« perspiration, and
vttva fallowed by a gentle anointing with
ct'XICUEA. £rtirest of fioolUentt and gwatwt
of s«'in cures iiWH asost t>eneOelal In re-
SUSk SSS." Wd.- utralned or inflamed
.■mOBcIOS. __^_ ,; .
Sold tbronghont the Wfltld. Price. CUTI.
csn a «Sap 25c OXJTICUKA (olirtnxait). 50c.
tOTrC^DKCGANP «S&BM. OOBf;, Bo*S«:
&£ Props. British D«K>t, 1 Klwr Wwd «
London. Send t~ "How-to Produce Soft,
WWW Haatis," Xr«s^
: apparent that the up-river camps cannot,
in all probability, be supplied with provi
sions sufficient to feed half of the crowd,
even If high water comes for a few weeks
and allows all of the boats now on the
lower Yukon to ascend the stream. It
must be remembered that but few of the
many rivt-r craft constructed at San
Francisco and other Pacific Coast points
reached the Yukon this summer, many be
ing totally wrecked on the way. Others
were badly disabled. Out of the few that
did get there, a number were Incomplete,
their owners Intending to rlnish them on
the beach. Perhaps half a dozen out of
all the large new fleet have made trips
up the Yukon and other streams, so that
the bulk of the work of transporting pro
visions to Dawson and Fort Yukon, has
been left, aft«r all, to tbe'fow steamboats
of the Alaska Commercial Company and
the North American Transportation and
Trading Company. That these two have
done their best goes without the saying,
but the fates seem to have been against
them this summer.
The first note ot warning was sent down
the Yukon by Captain Healy, the gen
eral manager of the N. A. T. & T. Co., at
Dawson. He ordered the company's trad
ers at lower river points to raise prices of
soods. At least this is the report which
now comes out of the country. Quickly
the fact became evident to the thousands
along the Yukon that the traders hau lost
confidence in their ability to supply the
up-river stations and were beginning to
hedge. The stern realities of the situation
were appreciated in Dawson by the end of
July when but few boats had arrived.
Hundreds began to leave and drift down
the Yukon toward Fort Yukon and Mln
ook. Many thousands, however, refused
to leave Dawson and the Klondike region,
being determined to take chances with
starvation rather than give fip the quest
for gold, after having gone so far and en
dured so much, to say nothing of the ex
pense incurred.
It is these people, perhaps twenty thou
sand in number, who will give the gov
ernments of both the United States and
Canada pienty of trouble before next
spring, unless all of the signs are wrong.
A large proportion of them will no doubt,
drift down to Fort Yukon late in the fall,
when there id no chance to reach St.
Michael, and there become a charge on
the military post. It was at Fort Yukon
last winter that so much trouble occurred
and where bloody riots would have un
doubtedly transpired had it not been for
the courage and firmness of Captain P. 11.
Ray of toe United States army and his
efficient assistant, Lieutenant Richardson.
These two men stood off an armed mob
of several hundred desperate men from
Dawson, who were intent upon looting the
two caches of the tra'dlng companies and
taking for themselves the provisions that
were needed to sustain life in about eight
hundred souls through the Arctic winter.
These officers then seized the caches an<l
rationed the supplies out fairly among
all who needed them, at the same time
exacting payment from those who had
money and work from those who were
indigent, so that the trading companies
would lose no money by the operation.
At present there are "no troops .it Fort
Yukon, not even one army officer, all hav
ing been withdrawn on account of the
war. There is, however, a quantity of
supplies at the post, unprotected from
marauders, if all reports are true. The
Government will, no doubt, be obliged to
seize these supplies, and add as much
more as possible, bringing the same from
the Lower Yukon. Even then there is a
strong probability of a shortage and of
consequent suffering, if not actual starva
tion.
The Secretary of "War, despite his many
duties in connection with the war, has
not lost sight of Alaska, having been
kept posted by Major General Merriam,
who has been In touch with news sources
in Alaska.
It will be remembered that the general
bad charge of the work of Alaskan re
lief last winter, by direction of the Sec
retary of War, and was authorized in
addition to send exploring parties of sol
diers through unknown portions of Uxj
territory to bring back information con
cerning the country. These parties are
now at work in various parts of Alaska,
and are making theix reports as oppor
tunity offers. Recently General Merriam
heard from Captain Abercrombie, in
charge of one of the parties on Copper
River, the captain reporting that there
wore hundred? of destitute men along
the Copper River, and that something
would have to be done for their relief,
or they might starve. This report was,
in turn, forwarded to Washington for the
consideration of Secretary Alger. It
should be stated that the Secretary still
has at his disposal over $100,000 of the
$200,000 appropriated by Congress last year
to relieve the tusiress in Dawson. This
money is now available for use without
further Warrant of Congress. It will be
spent, in so far as necessary, for the re
lief and military exepdltlon to Fort Yu
kon.
General Merriam will quickly determine
which battery will be sent to Alaska,
having now some choice in the mattor,
owing to the apparent ending of the war.
It is probable that the troops will be dis
patched within a week.
Speaking on this subject yesterday, the
general remarked:
"It Is now late in the season and we
will be obliged to move with all possible
dispatch in order to get the l>att>_-ry up
to Fort Yukon before the river freezes
over. It will be a tight squeeze, at best.
There will be no parleying done at St.
Michael with steamboat owners. If neces
sary the United States army officer in
charge will undoubtedly seize all of the
available transportation facilities. He
will take an large a quantity of supplies
up the stream as possible. It is the In
tention to make Fort Yukon tho base of
operations. The War Department does
not Intend to be caught unprepared up in
Alaska, as you can juo.£re from these
preparations. It Is very much feared
that serious disturbances may occur in
the Yukon Valley next winter. The trans
portation companies have utterly failed
to get in the necessary quantity of sup
plies for the multitude of people there.
Something has to be done and done at
once."
"■Flow about the relief of the minors re
ported to be suffering on Copper River?"
was asked.
"Thopc men can easily be reached," re
sponded the general. "They arc virtually
on the sencoast. None of them are more
than a hundred miles or so from salt
water. If the department sees tit to send
relief to them it can be easily done In a
week or two of tlm^. I do n«t know how
their oupf-s will be regarded. It is a
question whether the Government Is un
der obligations to send ships to a far
away region to bring back Beveral thou-
Fand people who went there with their
eyes open and who knew of the risks they
Incurred. It may be that the duty of the
Government is limited to supplying those
people with the necessary food to keep
them from starving where they are. Trr>
question of steamboat transoortation Is
altogether different. Still they may be
brought away. T cannot say. Already
th.- officer in charge of the tror,,>s at Port
St. Michael hfis given needy miners
th*re transportation orders on the Gov
ernment which have been honored by the
steamship companies and the men
brought bar^k. 'i ne officer di-I this on his
own responsibility, and the paners in the
case have been forwarded to Washington
for the approval or disapproval of the de
partment. Perhaps the same thing will
he done at Copper River, If the officer
there thinks that the exigencies of the
situation po require. He will have to
take the chances of satisfactorily explain
ing afterward and tho possibility of hav
ing his transportation orders deducted
from his pny, !f th r - Government does not
approve of his procedure. Army officers
sometimes have to act on their own judg
ment In difficult situations and take
chances. I have had to do it: so have all
of them."
In connection with the difficulties which
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 11, 1898.
A HERO ON THE BATTLEFIELD.
James Frank Finley Distinguishes Himself
on the Bullet=Swept Plain of Malate.
Hobson's gallant deed at the entrance of Santiago Harbor has been
equaled on land by a California private, if credence can be placed in the
dispatches published in the papers y_( sterday.
James Frank Flnlay's gallantry at the battle of Malate, in which the
brave volunteers, who recently left this city were engaged, entitles him
to recognition at the hands of Congress. His rescue of Captain Richter and
a fellow soldier from the bullet-swept field and his ten Trips over the same
ground with cart-loads of ammunition for his comrad< a In the Pennsyl
vania regiment, stamped his a< lit to rank with that of the naval
hero whose name is now a household word.
Young Fin lay is but 24, and his action has seldom been equaled in bat
tle. First his native driver was placed horn de combat with a bullet in the
leg, and then his pony dropped to the ground with a weU-pUu •-.' bullet.
Undeterred by the missiles flying around him. the young hero disengaged
the shafts of the cart from the fallen animal and proceeded on bis way to
the front with the ammunition that gave his side the victory. On his return
for more he found Captain Richter lying next to a soldier, both badly
wounded. Again he panned in tho bullet-swept field and placed his supe
rior officer and fellow private in the cart and, grasping the shafts, hauled
them to a place of safety.
The news of his gallant act has been telegraphed about the world, but
in no place has it caused more joy than in his adopted State. At hia
neat little home at 1505 Devisadero street, his mother and sisters are prop
erly proud of the boy. Friends of the young man are calling in numbers
to congratulate the fond mother on her son's courage and miraculous es
cape.
"We knew he would distinguish himself," said one of his bright sisters
yesterday. "Frank!.? has always been brave and good. He always wanted
to be a soldier so that he could make a name, and now that ho has done
so, and without Injury, we are extremely happy."
Private Finlay was born in Yuma. Arizona. He came to California
while very young and attended the Valencia Grammar School until his folks
removed to Guatemala. While in that country the future hero displayed his
love for a military life by joining a regiment composed of lads of his own
age, who were anxious to take part in the revolution that was then waging
between Guatemala and Nicaragua. His knowledge of the processes of wax
and natural leadership gained him the title of governor, which hr- well de
served, and he might have been advanced to general but for the fact that
he was an American.
are likely to arise in Alaska, growing out
of the shortage of provisions, is the vex
ing problem of what shall finally be done
with all of the surplus people In Alaska.
Arc they to be forcibly shipped tv their
homes, or are those who choose to be
allowed to remain until the transporta
tion facilities of the region become suf
ficient to supply all the food necessary
for those who would mine In the coun
try? There are. no doubt/ many thou
sands who would like to remain and
search for the golden treasures that cer
tainly He burled in many directions, but
If they do so, under existing conditions,
they will virtually be dependent upon
the Government to a great extent, and
will expect relief wh<>n in distress. This
is the view of the matter taken by many
army officers, but it is a mooted ques
tion as to what can be done under the
lav. No existing statute, so far as
known, permits of the expulsion from
any portion of the United States of the
people resident therein, and it is quite
doubtful if such a thing could bo done,
even as a military necessity.
The personnel of the Alaska expedition
will be announced by Genera! Merriam as
soon as he can arrange the matter sat
isfactorily.
Whether other bodies of troops will
follow the battery Is not yet known, all
depending upon the action of the Secre
tary of War.
The following d:spatch. received by The
Call, gives the official information from
Washington:
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by phyeiclans for family and
medicinal use beoaue it la pure.
LAID AT REST WITH
LITTLE CEREMONY
FUNERAL OF ADOLPH SUTRO
YESTERDAY.
Services Were Held at His Old Home
on the Ocean Shore and Were
Devoid of Display.
The funeral services over the body of
Adolph Sutro were of the most unosten
tatious character. His remains, inclosed
plain casket, had been conveyed to
his old home, Sutro Heights, overlooking
the ocean, whose troubled waters seemed
to chant a foneraJ requiem as thes un
ceasingly dashed against the rocks in
unison with the sighing of the trees that
were stirred by the gentie breeze.
From 8 to 10 o'clock yesterday morning
the remains lay In state in Mr Sutro's
favorite room to the left of the hallway,
and his features were viewed by all who
desired. A pall of violets rested upon the
ctipk't and everywhere about the mom
were numerous beautiful floral tributes
from relatives and friends.
At 10 o'clock the doors of the house
were eloped to the public, the funeral
services then being held In private, only
the members of the family and a tew of
Mr Sutro's most intimate friends being
nresent The relatives in attendance were
Dr" George Merritt. Mrs. Merritt. P. A.
Morbio Dr. W. Winterberg and family,
Mrs K. K. Schucking and family, Mrs.
Theresa Sutro, Charles Sutro Sr., Charles
Sutro Jr., Albert Sutro, Alfred Sutro,
Gustav Sutro. Edmund Lowcnberg, Wil
liam Lowenberg and family and George
Lowenberg. The friends present were
Judge E. W. McKinstry. K. H. Lloyd,
W X Van Alen, James Scobie, Mr. and
Mrs J. M. Wilkins, Barna McKinne, Mr.
Hutchins, J. T. Rogers and Colonel W. C.
Tho services were in accordance with
the Jewish faith, and were conducted by
Rabbi Xieto, who paid a brief but glow-
Ing tribute to tne memory of the de
ceased. The body was conveyed to the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where it was
cremated. The ashes were sealed up and
delivered to Colonel Little, as the repre
sentative- of the family.
Try the "Koh-I-Xoor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others. •
In the Divorce Court 3.
Clara A. Pfile has been granted a di
vorce from John G. Pfile on the ground of
di-sertion. Kate G. Harto has applie
an annulment of her marriage to Henry
Hart. Ella F. Wheelock has applied for a
divorce from A. J. Wheelock on the
ground of infidelity. Ella Leonard has
sued Joseph B. Leonard for a divorce, al
leging desertion as a cause of co-nplaint.
Suits for divorce on the ground of cruelty
have been filed by Pauline Rosohmanh
against Charles Roschmann, W. P
Spence against Ella L. Sp'ence and Lizzie
Dunne against Frank Dunne.
Thousands for the Park.
The Park Commissioners received yes
terday a. check for $50X1, a donation from
the f-state of Jose Vicente de Laveaga.
Nothing has as yet been determined as to
the expenditure of this very handsome
legacy.
Bret Harte begins a new story in
next Sunday's Call.
ALL FOR THE LOVE OF A WOMAN.
Andrew Wilberg, a Seaman, in a Fit of Jealousy
Fires a Shot at His Landlady.
Andrew Wilberg. a seaman on the steamer Point Arena, languishes fn
the City Prison all through his love for buxom Amelia Reichmann, the
keeper of a lodging-house at 290 O'Farrell street, where he roomed.
They have known each other for six months and during that time V.ll
herg has been pressing his suit with ardor. He bought diamonds for
her, at least he says so, and did everything in his power to win her love.
Yesterday morning he. proposed marriage and was rejected.
"I cannot I've without you," he said, "and I will kill you and then
kill myself." He puled a revolver out of his pocket a.nd fired at Miss
Rc'chmann, who was standing in the doorway of her room. The bullet
missed her and struck the partition about a foot from the door. Sho
paw him place the muzzle of the revolver to his heart, and in terror she
ran shrieking into the street.
A telephone message was forwarded to the Central Police station and
Policeman McAuliffe was sent in the patrol wagon to the house. He
found Wllberg in bed and placed him under arrest. He had evidently
changed his mind and did not fire a shot at his heart. McAuliffe
searched for the revolver, but ould not find it, and he came to the con
clusion that Wilberg had thrown it out of the window, but a later
search was made and it was discovered under the mattress of Wilberg's
bed. .
Miss Reichmann accompanied Wllberg in the patrol wagon to the
prison, and after he was booked on a charge of assault to murder, she
went to Judge Joachlnsen's court and nwore to a complaint against
him. She admitted having a liking for Wilberg, but she was watching
him before consenting to marry him, as he was inclined to drink too much
liquor. He had been drinking the night before, and was not sober when
he asked her to marry him.
Alter she had left the prison Wilborg was heartbroken. "That's
pretty good," he said. "She gets all my money for diamonds and then
throws me in Jail. I wanted her to marry me, and she made me think
she would. Well, well, this is pretty good."
Miss Reichmann called to see him in the prison yesterday afternoon
and they had a long talk. It is probable that she will not testify against
him. She denied receiving any diamonds from him, and remarked that
she had all her diamonds before she knew him.
ASHTON POTTER
WENT TO HAWAII
UNDER ARREST
Humiliation of a Scion
of a Noble House.
MISS VAN NESS FORGOTTEN
WAS FOUR HOURS LATE IN
BOARDING THE MARIPOSA.
Wheeled on the Pier in a Carriage
After Midnight With Clem
Tobin and a Woman
in Black.
After disobeying every order issued by
his superior officers Corporal A9hton Pot
ter of the First New York Volunteers
left here at an early hour this mor,ning
on the Oceanic steamship Mariposa for
the Hawaiian Islands under arrest.
Instead of enjoying the stateroom, to
which his rank as a non-commissioned of
ficer entitles him, he will journey to the
land of eternal summer on a straw mat
tresa in the hold of the ship.
Ever since enlisting as a private in the
First New York Volunteers Corporal Pot
ter has been a thorn in the sides, so to
speak, of the officers of the regiment. He
has made a spectacular display of his
wealth and position, and among the pri
vates has boasted that not a man wearing
the shoulder-straps would dare incur his
enmity. The officers of the regiment took
another view of the matter, and while
there was never any actual understanding
among them as to the disposition of Pot
ter in case of a breach of discipline. It
was the general feeling that he should
be severely punished upon his first open
disregard of regimental orders.
On Tuesday evening Lieutenant Colo
nel Stacpole determined to send Potter
With E Company, and a detachment of
fifty men from D Company under com
mand of Captain Pickard to Honolulu.
"When Potter heard the orders he was
greatly displease^. At first it was the
inpression that he was loth to leave the
fair Miss Van Ness, who had won his
heart and in the fullness of her love had
attempted to end her life a few nights
ago because she thought him faithless.
Thinking that Potter would not put in a
timely appearance, Lieutenant Colonel
Stacpole gave special orders to Captain
Pickard and Lieutenant James Smith,
who Is in charge of Company D, to see
that all men were aboard the transport
Mariposa by 10 o'clock last night.
Early in the evening Potter was seen
entering the Palace grill room with Clem
Tobin. At that time Potter was notice
ably under the influence of liquor. He
was seen by one of the officers, who re
marked that the chances of the corporal's
appearance on board the steamship were
slim.
At 10 o'clock there was a roll-call of the
troops on board the vessel. Every man of
the detail resoonded save Potter. Lieu
tenant Smith called his first sergeant and
demanded to know if the corporal was
aboard the steamer. He was informed
that the gay corporal had not put in an
appearance. At midnight a second roll
call wan held. Again there was no sign
of Corporal Pott»r.
Lieutenant Smith called % on Lieutenant
Strevell, the adjutant of "the regiment,
and 'aid the matter before him, asking
his advice as to the course to pursue in
the matter. Lieutenant Strevell suggest
ed that the proper punishment for the
corporal would be a few night's in the
guardhouse during the trip to Honolulu.
At half-past 10 another effort was made
to determine whether the corporal had
boarded the vessel. Sergeant Walsh of
D Company, who went In search of the
nephew of the famous New York Bishop,
reported that the young man was no
where to be found. All had given up
hopes of his putting In an appearance
by 1 o'clock, when the last few visitors
on the vessel bade good-by to their
friends and left the wharf.
A few minutes afterward, however,
there was a loud rumbling of wheels, fol
lowed by a peal of boisterous laughter.
The gates leading to Pier 7 opened and
closed with a bang and a carriage
wheeled alongside the gangplank leading
on board the vessel. When the door of
the hack was opened Corporal Potter, fol
lowed by Clem Tobin and a Misy Evajis,
stepped out of the carriage. The trio
were laughing and talking in a jocular
manner. Mr. Tobin walked aboard the
vessel, leaving Corporal Potter and the
mysterious Miss Evans In a heated con
troversy on the pier.
Lieutenants Smith and Strevell were
standing aboard the vessel at the head of
the gang-plank. They watched the dra
matic parting of Corporal Potter and his
lady friend with manifest disgust. Turn
ing to an orderly, Lieutenant Smith si.id,
"Sir, a man in uniform has just reached
li. re In a carriage with a woman. Pleaso
ordT him on board at once.''
The orderly walked down the gang
plank, and a moment later marched up
the gang-plank in the wake of Corporal
Potter. The woman followed weeping.
She. demanded a farewell interview with
her sweetheart. The request was denied
by Lieutenant Smith, who called Potter
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thursday, August 11.
"Whole families deal here!"
It's been stated before, and it's worth repeating:
"How good a thing 1 is, is pleasing always to the
buyer— quality is remembered long after the price
is forgotten." That's eighteen-earat common sense too
We sell to those who like very low priced goods— we sell to
those who like the best of good goods— we sell silks at 50c
per yard, others at dollars per yard, but when we sell any
article, it's got to be the best you can possibly buy for the
price you pay— your money is only ours when you're satis-
fled ; our goods are only yours for cash ! ,
on sale to=day
and until closed out— no limit, but quick safe!
ladies' suits, ready to wear, $6.75 fancy suitings.
Seventeen only, in purple, plum, A lot of 38-inch Half- wool tCT^
mixed tweeds in bolero, blazer and I Fancy Suiting. in tans, lOC
box jackets; silk lined; skirts extra- \ »™™- sta^dust^
% well made; full finished; sizes 34 to school usage; mothers know how these
38; last of a big line and reduced goods wear,
from $10.
seaside wear serge.
11PW fjltlfV frrtit< SI fin This season there has been QS/>
new idiiiy..iru»u* $1 up. a strong demand for B]ack z&qc
Just received, fancy fronts, in latest Dress Goods — notably serges Yard
evening shades; also in black and for seaside and vacation use. We
white; made of extra chiffon and lib- j offer a 36-inch All-wool Black Serge,
erty silk In exquisite designs. I attractive and very reasonable.
(Grand concert 2 to 5 Saturday afternoon.)
51 doz. sheets 39c. [ wash goods reduced.
50 dozen Sheets, hemmed, for Five cases Apron Ginghams, A^c
three-quarter beds, size 72x50, in blue and brown checks.... T'iW
heavy 39c Each Yard
Hemstitched Sheets for three- Dimity and Figured Lawns, £-_
quarter and full size beds, hand- i ace stripe, have been 12^c to *Jw
torn, dry-ironed, two-inch hem ly e yard, now Yard
Si 70c e C a c C ; 90 B x99 0 :.. O5 . C 75 a C Each (To clean up smalMots of many lines.)
Flannelettes in light and me- '71 f >
foil-size crochet spreads 75c. & £85 LL e a c7....^. v . :... VJS
3 cases White Crochet Spreads, , , , ,
hemmed and of full size .......^..^ SCIIOOI CheCKS,
75c, 95c and 81.35 Each
Colored Marseilles Spreads, large We offer 14 pieces of 84- ]Ql
size in new designs in pink and inch-wide Dress Goods in *^-'>V^
blue 81.90 small mixed checks, specially Yard
1 case only of full-size Marseilles adapted for school wear; strong, eer-
Spreads, hemmed, ready for use.. viceable and will stand a lot of hard
$1.20 i usage.
(We will tell you on Sunday of new goods fast coming in.)
99 doz. pillowcases 15c. f children's hose.
90 dozen (over 1000) Pillow-cases, j Black Cotton Hose, three-thread,
v=~,™.,i \ miaiifv mnalin made narrow ribbed, medium weight, double
hemmed, good quality muslin, made knees, heels, toes, sizes 5 to IOU
for us. with two-inch hem, for 91^ • 12"C
large-size pillows and all ready for BJack Cotton "^"" ' "fin* Maco
use ••• i"::".l., cotton, lisle finish, narrow ribbed and
Size 50x36 inches, 15c each; 54x40% seamless, spliced heels and tfi^r*
inches ...17c Each toes lO3V/
(Country customers can send us a two-cent stamp and get a 100-page
illustrated book, "Artistic Silk Needlework," free!)
937 939 35 94i a '943=945=947 Market St.,
Opposite Mason.
■
to account and demanded the reason of
his absence.
Potter said he was in ignorance of the
actual orders relative to the hour of re
porting. Lieutenant Smith asked him to
read the orders which had been given him.
Potter refused to do so and was immedi
ately placed under arrest.
When Potter was tak^n below young
Tobin approached Lieutenant Strevell and
requested permission to talk with him.
The request was refused. The woman
then begged the officer's premission to
say a farewell word. Her plea was in
vain. Potter was taken below and shown
an old straw mattress in the hold of the
vessel near the boilers. Lieutenant Smith
orders that this was to be his couch
until Honolulu was reached.
After being placed under arrest Potter
was sullen and disagreeable. He tried to
make trouble for every one near him.
He was sent to Honolulu in hopes that
the First New York would avoid the un
enviable notoriety that his escapades
have brought, upon the regiment. It is
understood among his friends that he has
Quite forgotten the passionately tender
and sou.ful Miss Van Ness, who made a
dt-sperate effort last week to kill herself
because he refused to smile with favor on
her charms.
THE COMMISSIONERS
START FOR HAWAII
MAY NOT ENFRANCHISE THE
NATIVES.
President Dole Will Be Continued
IndeflniteJy in Charge of Af
fairs as Governor.
"How will the Hawaiians line up in
politics? Well, I'm sure I don't know!
That's a new question," laughed Senator
Cullom, when approached on the subject
of Hawaii yesterday. '"We do not know
that the Hawaiians will vote in g-eneral
elections for a while. People are already
asking whether the islands will constitute
a State or a Territory. As a member ot
the Hawaiian Commission I cannot say
what will be done yet— wnether the rela
tion will be similar to that of an English
colony to the mother country or a closer
one. However, there will probably be lo
cal elections and I suppose the boys will
at once begin to take sides in politics, but
whether the Republicans or the Demo
crats or the Populists wili have an toning
first is more than 1 can guess.
"One thing can be stated positively,
and that is the commission was given to
understand that Mr. Dole would be con
tinued indefinitely in charge of affairs as
Governor. The President recently wrote
him a letter, which 1 think Admiral Mil
ler carried, empowering him to hold office
until some future time, when Congress
may enact new legislation regarding the
government of the islands. Dole is vir
tually Governor."
This statement accords with that of
Senator Morgan, as exclusively piiblisneu
in The Call on Tuesday, and effectually
disposes of the story that Mr. Bewail or
any other person will soon take charge as
Governor. The Senators on the commis
sion and Representative Hitt all speak in
terms of admiration for the work already
accomplished by Mr. Dole, and make no
secret of their preference for him as me
executive head of the new colony or tern-
The memb. rs of the commission and
th»Mr aids spent yesterday Quietly, mo&i
of the time resting at thoir hotels, pre
paratory to the long ocean voyage, su
perintendent Pritchett ct the Unuea
States Coast and Geodetic Survey. *ho
also accompanies the Commissioners to
Hawaii, was busy with final P re P& l n \, tl< 7Jf-
The steamship Mariposa, on whicn me
party will travel *o Honolulu, was reaaj,
to leave at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
but could not start, owing to a dcm> in
the arrival of the Eastern mails, me
announcement was finally made late in
the afternoon that the shm would sail
about midnight.
Senator Teller of Colorado -writes
about the dangers of the new trade
in the Orient in next Sunday's Call.
/STHJEN\
3 - DAY SPECIALS !
Unequaled Bargains.
RIESLING, gallon 40c
A most pleasing and satisfying
table wine.
Regular price, 75c
COFFEEPOTS. ..Iqt. 2 qts. 85c
This Is the celebrated "Ideal";
beautifully nickel-plated and
the only Coffee Pot made on
scientific principles.
I This is prices, $1 10 and $1 25.
beautifully nickel-plated and
the only Coffee Pot made on
scientific principles.
Regular prices. $1 10 and $1 25.
BOUBBON WHISKEY, 75c, 3 bots. $2.00
Gallon $3.00
E. C. Bern-, Spring '9a
Regular mice, $1 and $4.
IMPORTED GINGER ALE. doz.. . .$1.25
From Wheeler & Co.'s, Belfast.
Regular price, $1 So.
NEW ORLEANS MOLASSES, gallon 75c
Latest crop; exquisite flavor.
Regular price. $1. __
21 STOCKTON ST., '3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to
Country 'Orders _rrelght paid 100 miles. .
o CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. o
♦ °
®I c ♦
I MANY A TIME °°
° Has Gone Back on You. ♦
0 O
1 You happened to see a good furni- A
1 ture bargain; didn't have the ready o
9 cash; disappointed of course? a
I NEXT TIME !
q You see such a bargain, whether our q
V own or some other firm's, why come V
▼ to us and you can pay little-at-a- ▼
O time. O
♦ : - — :■ . i
?: J. NOON AN, ?
a * Complete House-Furnisher, 9
o 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST, o
0 Above Sixth. q
4. Phone, South 14. Open Evenings. ♦
O O
-♦•©-♦-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o-^-o^o-^-o-^-o^o-^-o-^-
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
s- ft (if Ttte Full Set of Teeth
«*^Ol I s«&v extracting free $500 up
<o Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
*& Fillings'- - - 25 cts. up
J^^tmJmbF^ *1 Open Evenings &SundavB
g^ZmW&&r& van vroom
><¥#ttvsj Electro Dental Parlors
*« I^S, , -'Sixth and Market
V^ w Dr. G W. Kleisor, Prop.