VOLITME LXXXIII.— XO. 138.
THE SENATE RECOGNIZES
THE CUBAN INSURGENTS
Birdseye View Showing the Movements and Disposition oF the Land and Naval Forces
Along the South Atlantic and Gulf Coasts.
EARLY NEXT WEEK THE
PRESIDENT WILL CALL OUT
TROOPS OF THE STATES
National Guard Officers Give Assurance That All
the Men Needed Will Enlist for the Service of
Their Country in Cuba.
NEW YORK. April 16.— The Wash
ington special of the Herald says: Fitz
hugh Lee will command a division of
the army of occupation in Cuba with
the commission of a major general. This
is the understanding at the War Depart
ment to-day.
Congress will empower the Presi
dent early next week to enlist all the
National Guards in the United States
for Bervice in Cuba,
All opposition to the amended army
reorganization bill on the part of the
National Guards has been formally
withdrawn, and the unqualified support
of all militia organizations has been en
listed in favor of its immediate passage.
Pledges that the entire militia
strength of the country will volun
teer for foreign service in support of
any plan embodying the wishes of
Congress and the President were
given by representatives of the Na
tional Guards* Association at an im
portant conference with Secretary
Alger to-day.
At this conference, which lasted sev
eral hours, the status of the militia of the
States, and the means by which the
President may be empowered to call for
volunteers for service outside the United
State- were discussed exhaustively. Ma
jor General Miles, commanding the
army: Adjutant General Corbin, Lieu
tenant Colonel A. L. Wagner, chief of
the Military Information Division of
the War Department, and other officers
of the regular army took part in the
discussion. The House Committee on
Military Affairs was represented by its
chairman. Representative Hull, Repre
sentative Marsh, who is also chairman
of the House Committee on Militia, and
Representatives Griffin and McDonald.
There were present at conference rep
resentatives from the National Guard of
New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut,
WAR PREPARATIONS.
ONLY THE CALL PRINTS
THE FULL WAR NEWS OF
THE NEW YORK HERALD
NEW YORK, April 16.— As soon as the Herald heard that the
Bulletin, an evening paper of San Francisco, had announced that it
was to have access to all Herald war news, it peremptorily knocked
out the arrangement. The Bulletin was notified by wire that any
such plan would be in direct violation of an agreement already per
fected with The Call whereby all Herald news goes directly to the
morning paper.
The Herald news service covering the war is the most complete
ever organized, and it was a matter of surprise here when i.-*e Bul
letin was said to have announced itself as party to the scheme. The
existence of a colored gentleman in the woodpile was sus
pected, and inquiry disclosed that the Bulletin had been advertising
goods it could not possibly deliver. It remains for that paper now
to back down as gracefully as possible.
It is not regarded as strange that the Bulletin should have
sought to create the impression that it was to print Herald war news,
but there is some wonder in journalistic circles at its assurance in
advertising to do that which there was no chance of its doing. The
Bulletin will be obliged to take such Herald news as it may print
from the columns of The Call, and it will thus be enabled to set forth
in the afternoon that which has appeared in The Call in the morn
ing of the same day.
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Maryland.
The early part of the conference was
taken up with a general discussion of
the constitutional provisions for the
maintenance of militia and the rights of
States to control their organizations and
services. Major General George R.
Snowden, commanding the National
Guard of Pennsylvania, stated on behalf
of the National Guard Association that
to his positive knowledge from conver
sations and correspondence with Na
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898 — FORTY PAGES.
tional Guard officers of various States
throughout the country the organized
militia was desirous, almost to a man, of
taking an important part in military
operations against Spain on an equal
footing with the regular army. He be
lieved, he said, that special legislation
by Congress empowering the President
to call out volunteers was all that was
necessary to obviate the difficulties
which stand in the way.
He had doubt of the power of Con
press to enact legislation in which the
National Guards should be specially
named as organizations upon which the
President might call, but lie felt sure
that the entire National Guard strength
of the country would volunteer as soon
as the necessary authority to accept vol
unteers should be granted to the Presi
dent.
Adjutant Genera! Stewart of the
Pennsylvania National Guard advised
strongly against a policy of selection of
particular National Guards on the part
Continued on Second Page.
news OF T' B day!
Weather '; forecast, for. » San Fran- ,
Cisco: Fair on Sunday: 'warmer;
fresh northerly wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
. Pan Francisco 3S degrees
Portland 56 degrees
Los Angeles....*. 70 degrees
Pan Diego CC degree*
Bacramento ..'...; ;...*.'.. 69 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Senate Recognizes Insurgent
Militia to Ise Called Out.
BECOND PAGE.
Paris Bourse Badly Shaken.
Germany to Be Neutral.
Going to Sea Only to Fight
State Militia Organizing.
The Truce In Cuba.
General Phafter Talks.
Coal for Foreign Ships.
THIRD PAGE.
Boys In I3lue Ready for War.
Anti-American Holy Alliance.
FOURTH PAGE.
Warm Session of the Senate.
FIFTH PAGE.
The Affairs of the Irish.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Campaign of Treason.
Republican Organizations.
A Sunday Sermon.
Wine in South America.
The Cheap Jelly Trade.
"With Entire Frankness," by Henry
James.
SEVENTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
Coursing at Two Parks.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Miners Fear River Pirates.
• War Cloud in Central' America.
Death Ot a G. A. R. .Veteran.
San Jose Divorce Case.
Riot on the Diamond.
Tennis in the South.
England Grows Impatient.
NINTH PAGE.
Berkeley, Defeated at Basebai*
Racing at Emeryville.
TENTH PAGE.
Supervisors Show Favoritism.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
A Mysterious Death.
Barbers in a Fight.
Stop Supplies for Cuba.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Church Services To-day.
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
Governor Budd Leads the Democrats.
Bogus Gas Inspector Caucht.
SE V ENT TH PAGE.
Composite of Western Beauties.
EIGHTEENTH PAGE.
Forging Big Guns.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
Young Woman Disguiyed as a Man.
How to Become an Orator.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
How the Great Paris Exposition Will
Look.
TWENTY-FIRST PAGE.
The Esquimos Visit the Chutes.
TWENTY-SECOND PAGE.
Love and the Capells.
The New Bullet.
TWENTY-THIRD PAGE.
The Man at the Brake.
Fruit and Flower Mission.
How to Become an Actor.
TWENTY-FOURTH PAGE.
Books. ■
Art Association Posters.
TWENTY-FIFTH' PAGE.
Petrified Forest. .
The Writing on the Wall. .
TWENTY-SIXTH PAGE.
Society. . BBWB
TWENTY-SEVENTH PAGE.
Fashions.
TWENTY-EIGHTH PAGE.
Schools.' ■
Fraternal. ■ - ,
TWENTY-NINTH PAGE.
Theaters. iff'fiHtl
"THIRTIETH PAGE.
The Commercial .World. .
THIRTY-FIRST PAGE.
' Boys' and Girls' Pa«e. .
THIRTY-SECOND PAGE.
How to. Support High Schools.
Mines. " .. ":: ". . : ' '_. " . .
THIRTY-THIRD PAGE. . .
The New Charter. __.^.
RIOTOUS SPANIARDS
AT MALAGA ATTACK
AMERICAN CONSULATE
Tear Down the Shield, Which Is After
ward Restored by the Authorities.
The President Prepares
for War.
THE SENATE RESOLUTIONS
MEAN WAR WITH SPAIN
WASHINGTON, April 16.— Joint resolution for the independ
ence of the people and the republic of Cuba, demanding the
Government of Spain to relinquish its authority and government
in the island of Cuba and to withdraw its land and naval forces
from Cuba and Cuban waters, and directing the President of
the United States to use the land and naval forces of the United
States to carry these resolutions into effect :
WHEREAS, The abhorrent conditions which have existed for more
than three years in the island of Cuba, so near our own borders, have
shocked the moral sense in the people of the United States, have been a
disgrace to Christian civilization, culminating as they have in the destruction
of a United States battle-ship, with 266 of its officers and crew, while on
a friendly visit in the harbor of Havana, and cannot longer be endured, as
has been set forth by the President of the United States in his message to
Congress of April n, 1898, upon which the action of Congress was in
vited. Therefore,
Resolved, By the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of America, in Congress assembled —
First — That the people of the island of Cuba are and of right ought
to be free and independent, and that the Government of the United States
hereby recognizes the republic of Cuba as the true and lawful Government
of that island.
Second — That it is the duty of the United States to demand, and the
Government of the United S:ates does hereby demand, that the Government
of Spain at once relinquish its authority and government in the island of
Cuba and withdraw its land and naval forces from Cuba and Cuban waters.
Third — That the President of the United States be and he hereby is
directed and empowered to use the entire land and naval forces of the
United States, and to call into the actual service of the United States the
militia of the several States to such extent as may be necessary to carry
these resolutions into effect.
FOURTH — That the United States hereby disclaims any disposition or
intention to exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or control over said island,
except for the pacification thereof, and asserts its determination, when that
is accomplished, to leave the government and control of the island to
its people.
MALAGA, Spain, April 16.
There was a serious dis
turbance here to-day, re
sulting in an attack upon
the United States Consul-
ate.
The demonstration be
gan with the parade of
small crowds through the
streets shouting patriotic
cries, but a mob eventually
gathered and attacked the
United States Consulate.
Stones were thrown and
the leaders procured a lad
der, tore down the shield
having upon it the arms of
the United States and
dragged it along the
streets.
The Prefect was sum
moned and he addressed
the people, be££in£ them
to disperse, which in some
degree restored order.
Afterward the streets
were patrolled by gend
armes, but the excitement
continued.
BARCELONA, April 16.-
The university here has
dosed in consequence of the dem
onstrations made by the students.
CADIZ, Spain, April 16. — The
students of the School of Medicine,
carrying a flag, attempted to make
a manifestation here last evening,
but the police interfered and ar
rested two of them. As a result
the United States Consulate has
been placed under guard.
MADRID, April 16. — Senor
Capedepon, Minister of the In
terior, has instructed the Prefect of
Malaga to give the American Con
sul satisfaction and to arrest the
ringleaders of the outbreak.
The week closes with unre
lieved tension, all awaiting action
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LEE SAYS WAR.
RICHMOND. Va.. April 16.—
General Fitzhugh Lee returned
to Richmond to-night and said
there was no means by which
war could be averted unless
Spain backed down completely
and evacuated Cuba.
"I have been in consultation
with the War Department," he
said, "and you can state that the
militia of the country will be or
dered out not later than Tues
day. The order may come on
Monday, if not, certainly by
Tuesday."
General Lee was asked whether
he would be made major-general
in event of hostilities.
"I have not yet been officially
notified of my appointment," he
answered, "so cannot say any
thing on that point."
General Lee said that he ex
pected to stay until Monday, but
in the event that the militia was
ordered out would probably bo
recalled to-morrow.
at Washington, United States.
Minister Woodford is still working2
PARIS BOURSE
BADLY SHAKEN
BY COMING WAR
French Trade Is Now Menaced
by the Suppression of
American Imports.
Copyrighted, ISOB, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, April 16.— The news from abroad has this week cast Into
the shade evefy other subject, and in every class of society, political,
business or pleasure, all eyes are fixed, not without anxiety, on the va
rious phases traversed by the differences between the United States
and Spain. It is on the business community especially that the un
certainty of the hour weighs heaviest. The Bourse, already severely
tried by the political events of the past few months, by the approach
ing elections, and above all by the schemes of general reorganization
left as legacy by the last Parliament, is at the present hour almost
-lead by the depreciation of certain stocks, and particularly affected
by the prospects of war, which adversely influence the entire list.
French trade is menaced by the suppression of American Imports,
such as petroleum oil, malt, provisions, wheat, etc., and is forced to
seek other sources of supply in order not to be taken unawares.
The principal Marseilles houses are already making large purchases
in Algiers and Tunis, where it causes an important and sudden rise in
produce of all kinds. !?ven in political circles, where hitherto an op
timistic feeling hns prevailed, there is scarcely a feeble hope that the
pending questions will be settled without bloodshed.
for peace, and is still hopeful of
securing it. Important negotia
tions were held to-day.
It is learned that if the United
States Congress finally agrees on
a resolution similar to that passed
by the House of Representatives,
Senor Polo de Bernabe, the Span
ish Minister at Washington, will
not be recalled, and General Wood
ford, consequently, will remain in
Madrid. Furthermore, it is not
unlikely, in the event of a resolu
tion on these lines passing, that
the friendly offices of the United
States would be invoked to assist
in the restoration of permanent
peace in Cuba. Another important
factor in the situation which also
tends toward peace is the official
news that a conference has been
arranged for to-morrow between
Gentr.il Maximo Gomez and two
Spanish generals in Cuba.
The Bourse to-night is decidedly
lower and exchange has again
risen.
The general opinion of the even
ing papers is that the decision of
the United States will be hostile to
Spain.
El Correo, the Government or
gan, demonstrates by long ex
tracts from the London Times
President M^Kinley's illogical at
titude in posing as a humanitarian.
The Epoca (Conservative) fol
lows we same line, saying that
President M^Kinley cannot possi
bly interfere with the sole object
of increasing the existing miseries.
Should lie really desire war the
Epoca hopes that Spain will let
him fire the first shot.
This evening demonstrations
were made in several of the pro
vincial capitals. The American
shield has been replaced at the
American Consulate at Malaga
amid the tumultuous protests of
the crowd. A force of gendarmes
continues to patrol the streets.
A Cabinet council, lasting three
hours, approved the conversion in
to warships of the steamers of the
Compania Transatlantica, and then
discussed the state of Spain's for
eign relations, finally deciding that
the questions be submitted to the
Cortes.
El Liberal Insists that the time has
come for the settlement of the quarrel
between the United States and Spain,
declaring that Spain is bleeding to
d<-ath, while the United States gains
Strength by rir'lay. The theory of in
ternational right being under the safe
guard of the powers is very fine in
principle, El Liberal s;iys, and that the
powers protect the weaker nation
against the stronger «s very humani
tarian but does not work in practice.
El Liberal says that Spain must bring
matters to an issue herselr. and should
the fortune of war be against her,
though defeated, she need not blush.
EI Liberal lays stress upon the fears
of the United Status of action in Mex
ico, should war occur, lest the Latin
races In America make a united stand
against Anglo-Saxon domination.
The Imparcial says: Never did a
nation pursue a policy more contempti
ble than that of America td-day. So
false and low are the pretexts for war
that the stomach as well as the heart
of Europe is moved. Three parts of the
original scheme are now blended in one.
The Cubans, unless they are blind,
must see the fate that the liberators
reserve for them. Hence the rumors
of Maximo Gomez' willingness to ac
cept the existing legality. The rumors
are unconfirmed, but Senors Glberga,
Dolz and Vion are about to start for
the rebel quarters. General Calixto
Qarcia'B attitude, the New York Junta's
disgust and the foreign bourses rise,
all give hope that the rebels will resist
annexation and we will shortly see
whether American greed dare face the
opposition of the whole of Cuba and
Europe, unless Cuba has lost her com
mon sense, Spain her courage and the
old world its self-interest.
ROOSRVELT WANTS
SERVICE IN CUBA.
NEW YORK, April 16.— A special
Washington dispatch to the Press says
that. Assistant Secretary of the Navy
Roosevelt is anxious to take part In
active service against Spaniards in
Cuba, and has submitted his resignation
to the President. He has been urged by
the I 'resident and Secretary Long to
withdraw his resignation, but has de
clined. He will ask for appointment
on Lee's. staff when the latter Is given
THE PRESIDENT
WILL CALL OUT
STATE TROOPS
Continued from First Page.
of the President. He said that the war
which was to be fought was a war in
which every section of the country must
bear its part of the burden. He accord
ingly advised that when the call for
troops should be made the President
should call upon every National Guard
in the United States.
The present organized strength of the
National Guard, he said, was consider
ably more than ioo.ooo men. and he be
lieved about 75 per cent of these were
ready to volunteer. In any event he
advocated that Congress should em
power the President to call for at least
ioo.ooo volunteers and if in the judgment
of the administration a smaller number
than these seemed to be sufficient, the
Governor of each State should be called
upon to furnish a quota in proportion to
the State's population. A few of the
States have no National Guard, but he
believed they should not be omitted
from the call.
Brigadier General Hollard Carroll,
chief of artillery of the New York N.
G. ; Colonel F. V. Green, of the Seventy
first Regiment, N. Y. N. G. ; Brigadier
General J. H. Harries, of the District of
Columbia N. G.; Brigadier General W.
J. McKee, of the Indiana N. G.; Colonel
H. L. Turner, of the Illinois N. G., and
Adjutant General A. L. Wilmer. of the
Maryland N. G., took part in the dis
cussion on the lines advocated by Gen
erals Stewart and Snowden. The con
ference was unable to settle the debated
question of the commissioning by the
United States of the general officers of
the National Guards at their present
rank.
Representatives Hull and Marsh con
ferred with the representatives of the
National Guard and it was unanimously
agreed that a comprehensive bill should
be introduced in the House on Monday
by Representative Marsh, which will
empower the President in effect to call
out the entire National Guard strength
of the country. How many men the
President will be authorized to call out
was left to be settled later.
The National Guard officers, in be
half of the organizations which they
represent, pledged the united support
of the militia to any plan which the
administration should decide to pur-
With their pledge they coupled a re
quest that inasmuch as legislation which
would be enacted would not specially
mention National Guard organizations,
the President should make his call on
the Governors of States with the un
derstanding that the Governors would
request State organizations to volunteer
in advance of the acceptance of un
organized volunteers.
The members of the conference to
night considered the suggestion of com
missioning Consul General Lee with
the rank of major general of volunteers.
The mention of his name brought forth
a .round of hearty applause, and the
regular army officers and National
Guardsmen alike paid many compli
ments to his heroism and ability. Every
one heartily favored honoring General
Lee with the command which he himself
had expressed a desire to be intrusted
with.
As a result, it is stated that the
President will select General Lee as
the first general officer of volunteers
whom he will appoint under the au
thority which Congress will give him
in the organization of a volunteer
army and that he will command the
first volunteers sent to Cuba.
Representative Hall then brought up
for consideration his amended bill for
the reorganization of the army on the
three battalion basis. He called to the
attention of the National Guardsmen
the fact that the enlisted strength of the
army in time of peace would not be in
creased by a single man, and the 125
additional officers would probably be
detailed on detached service as military
attaches, at the military institutions and
on similar services. He added that the
war strength of the regular army would
not exceed 65.000 men. Major General
Miles and Lieutenant Colonel Wagner
made a strong plea for the three battal
ion system, founded upon the experience
of modern armies.
After an animated discussion the Na
tional Guardsmen unanimously agreed
to withhold all further opposition to
the reorganization bill and promised to
lend their support to its passage in
Congress. Chairman Hull said to-day
that , he expected to get the amended
bill through the House of Representa
tives on Monday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
GERMANY TO
BE NEUTRAL
Baron yon Bulow So Says
to Embassador
White).
But the Press of the Fatherland
Does Considerable Carping
on the Subject.
It Is Believed That the Commerce of
the Country Will Suffer Dur
ing Ho&tilitles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, April 16.— 1n German offi
cial and political circles it is held that
an outbreak of actual hostilities be
tween the United States and Spain is
merely a question of a brief time, as
both countries have gone too far to re
cede.
There has been a strong revulsion of j
popular sentiment here. Last -week ,
the preponderance was in favor of the
United States. To-day the reverse is j
true. President McKinley's message is j
considered disappointing and its im- j
port is regarded as anti-peace. Even ;
the Liberal press strongly disapproves
of it. A carping spirit is shown
throughout the press.
The attitude of the Government,
I however, differs widely from it. Baron
yon Bulow, the Minister for Foreign !
Affairs, had a long conversation this j
week with United States Embassador j
White on the situation, and White em- !
powers the press of the United States
to say that the Minister gave him the
strongest assurances that Germany "in
the event of war will maintain th-3
most strict and loyal neutrality, with
out any arriere pensee," and that it
was "due to Baron yon Bulow's per
sonal inspiration that the semi-official
North German Gazette printed the dcc
i laration to this effect."
Germany's care to avoid a possible
| misinterpretatioin of her designs is
| shown in the fact that orders given
I some time ago to the home fleet to pro
| ceed, early in May, to Spain, for
j maneuvers have been countermanded,
jso as not to excite false hopes upon
Spain's part.
The German Government and a por
tion of the press are discussing the
j probable extent to which German in
, terests will be affected by the war. A
; high official of the navy in an inter
view said to a correspondent, "There
jis a possibility— nay, a probability —
lof the arrival of the Spanish I
fleet off New York or some ;
northern harbor or harbors, and thus a |
bombardment must be considered. The j
bombardment of N*-w York would j
create a financial panic which would re
act especially strongly on Hamburg and
Bremen. Hence we are vitally interest
ed."
The authorities here and the public
also are greatly concerned about pri
vateering, although it is not believed
that tiff United States -will sanction it.
The Cologne Gazette in an article,
which was directly inspired by the
Government and mainly addressed to
Spain, has strongly denounced priva
teering as- being piracy, adding that
Germany under no circumstances will
submit to have vessels under her flag
searched for contraband of war or
otherwise molested by privateers.
On the other hand, the officials of the
Spanish Embassy admit that Spain in
tends to do as much damage as possible
to the United States by privateering.
One of the officials said: "War is war,
and every means allowed by usage
will be employed by the Spanish if this
unjust war is forced upon us."
PROBABLE DISPOSITION
OF CALIFORNIA GUARDS.
Will Be Stationed at the Presidio and
Exposed Points Along the
Coast.
SACRAMENTO, April 16.— Colonel
Peeler, assistant adjutant-general, in
speaking of the war situation this
afternoon said:
"In all probability the State troops
will be called upon to take the place of
the regulars at the Presidio. This was
the course followed during the war of
the rebellion and I presume it will be
done just as soon as war is declared.
It will certainly be necessary for the
State troops to take an active part,
when the time comes, and while the
War Department will no doubt leave a
sufficient number of regulars at the
various barracks along the Pacific
Coast to man the heavy artillery our
National Guard will be placed at vari
ous points to resist any attack that
may be made tJong the coast."
In speaking of the order of General
Shafter, directing the location of a
heavy battery at Santa Cruz, the
colonel said:
"It seems to me that such an order
was a most Important and essential
one, for the reason that at the present
there is no defens of any kfrid at Santa
Cruz and in case of an invasion our
vast powder supplies at that point
would fall into the hands of the
enemy. Eureka and Santa Barbara are
also exposed, and I have no doubt that
a portion of our State troops will be
stationed at these points. No business
of an extraordinary nature is pending
in the office of 'he adjutant general, but
as soon as the order comes from Wash
ington to remove State troops a speedy
and active response will be made."
FALSE NOTIONS AS
TO SOUTHERN PATRIOTISM.
Dreamy Dons Yet Think of Invad
ing the United States From
Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO, April 16.— A cor
respondent called on the Minister of
War, General Berriozabel, to-night,
who says that so far from increasing
the troops on the border, there are
fewer soldiers on the Rio Grande than
for some months. Troops have been
moved about lately, and that probably
g-ave rise to rumors of increased mili
tary operations.
Many hot-headed and impetuous res
ident Spaniards fully believe that if
they were allowed to enlist a few regi
ments among their own countrymen
and invade Texas, the Southern States
would welcome them and begin a re
bellion against the Federal Govern
ment, and that the Southern leaders
would agree to give Mexico back her
territory lost in the war of the Ameri
can invasion.
Some time ago at a dinner at a Span
ish club in this city it is reported that
this Quixotic plan was broached to a
general in the Mexican army, a veteran
of several wars, who tried to reason
his Spanish hosts out of their absurd
notion, while they tried to persuade
him to head a little army of invasion,
which they would form. He flatly re
fused, but it was boasted that the
Spanish colony would make a rear at
tack on the United States while war
was in progress.
NAVAL RESERVE
OF MONTEREY
Recently Formed Battal-
ion "Will Volunteer
Its Services.
Not a Part of the National
Guard, but Ready to Go
to War,
Citizens Giving Substantial Aid In
Enlarging and Fitting an
Armory,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, April 16.— The first reg
ular meeting and drill of the Monterey
naval reserve since its formal organi
zation last Friday night were held last
night at Mariposa Hall, the battalion's
new armory. The enthusiasm of the
members of the battalion was evi
denced by the large number present at
the first drill and the energy with
which they went about their duties.
The officers chosen by the battalion
are: For drill, M. P. Seele"-. lieuten
ant-commanding; George D. Kierulff,
lieutenant junior grade, to command
Pacific Grove division; Frank Turton,
first ensign; W. E. Parker, second en
sign. -For business. W. Lawrey Hollen
beck, financial secretary; Fred
Schneider; recording secretary.
The rules of government of the mili
tia were adopted and a committee ap
pointed to confer with the State au
thorities relative to procuring arms
and equipments. The battalion has re
ceived much encouragement from Na
tional Guard headquarters, and, be
sides moral support, the citizens of
Monterey and Pacific Grove are giving
substantial aid in enlarging and fitting
up Mariposa Hall for an armory. As
the Monterey reserve cannot be mus
tered into the National Guard until the
State Legislature meets in January
next, and therefore cannot be called
out with the rest of the militia in case
of war, the battalion has determined to
volunteer its service and will devote
itself energetically to drilling to pre
pare for that emergency.
NAPA, April 16. — A recruiting office
has been opened in Napa by the au
thority of Colonel Fairbanks, com
manding the Fifth Regiment, National
Guard of California. The intention is
to enlist men to the full complement
of Company H and be ready for emer
gencies. The flag is flying. Multi
tudes are crowding about headquar
ters, and a number have enlisted. The
excitement manifested reminds elderly
men of the days of 1861.
SAN RAFAEL, April 16.— The war
spirit has reached this city at last. For
a while roses were the chief topic, but
now that a conflict seems inevitable
Captain Elliott desires to increase the
membership of Company D, Fifth In
fantry, National Guard of California,
to 103 men in anticipation of a call to
service. The present number is about
seventy, six new names being added to
the roll to-day. A call for volunteers
has been made and it is pretty cer
tain that a full company will be await
ing a call within a very few days.
FRESNO. April 16.— A secret meeting
of officers 61 Sixth Regiment was held
to-night, which was attended by nearly
all the officers. Captain Cook presided
Lieutenant Colonel (now active colo
nel) Johnson was present from Stock
ton. The following resolution was
passed:
At a mooting of the cantalns of the
Sixth Rfgiment of Infantry. National
<;n;ird of California, held at Fresno, Cal.,
April IH. 1898, it was unanimously re
solved that Lieutenant Colonel Johnson,
now in command of the regiment, be re
quested to tonder to the commander in
chief the services of the Sixth Infantry,
in view of the present strained relations
between tho United States and Spain.
The resolution is signed by the fol
lowing 1 captains: W. H. Cook, George
W. Jones, William Bruce, Fred W.
Ward, George O. Duncan, D. W. Morris,
A. S. Guthrie and Charles H. Dasher.
LAKEPORT, April 16.— Lake County
has fallen into line, and is getting a
company of volunteers ready for the
service of Uncle Sam. Captain W. B.
Collier, a graduate of West Point, and
R. S. Rodman are organizing the com
pany. The two newspaper offices here
are the recruiting stations and already
have large lists. It is hoped that it will
be an artillery company. *t is quite
possible Lakeport will supply two com
panies, as there are too many volun
teers for one.
BRITISH STEAMER STOPPED
FROM LOADING COAL
Not Permitted by the Federal Au
thorities to Carry Fuel to Cape
Verde Islands.
NORFOLK, Va., April 16.— The Brit
ish steamship Hampstead, Captain
Bland, was stopped from loading coal
on Friday at Lambert Point, when it
was found that she was loading for
St. Vincent, Cape Verde Islands, at
which port two of Spain's cruisers are
now lying, and that the flying squad
ron, under Captain Schley was being
delayed in its coaling until this cargo
of 3000 tons could be completed.
Evidently hasty wires worked be
tween Norfolk, New York and Wash
ington, and after a short time the load
ing was resumed arid the full carge un
ished. But the steamer did not go. Or
ders for h.r indefinite stay were re
ceived, and to-day Catain Blar.J took
his clearance papers to the customs
house here and delivered them up.
The naval inspection board paid a
visit to the Hampstead and thoroughly
inspected her. and the chief engineer
evidently voiced the satisfaction and
decision of the board when, on leaving
the vessel, he remarked to one of the
officers, "Keep yourselves perfectly
easy. Your ship won't leave Norfolk."
* Captain Bland said to-night, "I con
sider tho vessel as good as accepted by
the United States."
REPRESENTATIVES
TAKE A RECESS.
Will Not Act on the Cuban Eesolu-
tion Adopted by the . enate
Until Monday.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— At the
opening of the session of the House
General Wheeler (D.) of Alabama made
a personal explanation In connection
■with some criticism of a letter he had
written to Governor Johnston of Ala
bama.
Some unimportant minor bills were
passed by unanimous consent.
Dingley at 1:35 p. m. moved that the
House adjourn.
Bailey suggested the advisability of
a recess until 8 or 10 o'clock to-night to
await the action of the Senate, but on
Dlngley's statement that the Senate
was not likely to act before midnight
he yielded, but modified his motion to
make it a recess until 10 o'clock Mon
day morning. At 1:40 p. m. the recess
was taken.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
WILL GO TO SEA
ONLY WHEN WAR
ACTUALLY BEGINS
First TasK of the Flyir>g SquadroQ
Will Be to Assail Fortifica
tions of Porto F^ico.
NEW YORK, April 16.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
It Is not proposed by the department to send the flying squadron
to sea until war has actually been declared, and then it ■will be sent to
Porto Rico to destroy Spain's force there.
Just as soon as the New Orleans has received her full comple
ment of men she will proceed to Hampton Roads for duty under
Commodore Schley's command. It is also proposed to recruit the San
Francisco's crew to the maximum limit and to attach that vessel to the
flying squadron.
No action has yet been taken on the proposition of transferring the
New York and Massachusetts in order that Commodore Schley's fleet
may be composed entirely of speedy ships. This transfer, It is be
lieved, will not be ordered until after the flying squadron starts for
Porto Rico.
The four heavy batteries of the Massachusetts will be required for
reducing the fortifications of San Juan. When this work is accom
plished the Hying squadron will be sent to the other side of the Atlan
tic to meet the Spanish vessels, with a view to their destruction.
Besides the vessels mentioned which will be attached to Commo
dore Schley's fleet, it is generally understood that the St. Louis and St.
Paul will be assigned to his squadron as soon as they are . converted
into auxiliary cruisers. From present indications the Paris and New
York will be assigned to the North Atlantic squadron. Preliminary
orders have been given to Captain C. D. Sigsbee, formerly commander
of the Maine, and to Captain C. F. Goodrich, president of the Naval
War College, to assume command of the St. Paul and St. Louis, re
spectively, and Captain Frederick Rogers, president of the Naval Aux
iliary Board, will take command of the New York, while Captain A.
S. Barker will be assigned to the Paris.
Captain Sigsbee will leave to-night to inspect his new command
before her departure to-morrow afternoon from the Cramps'. Chief Na
val Constructor Hichborn ha« "•■•Mied the naval constructor at
Cramps' yard to make preparations for converting the four vessels of
the American line, the work to b .umpleted within thirty days. It is
proposed to equip the liners with formidable batteries.
RESTING ON
THEIR ARMS
Spaniards and Cubans
Are at Peace for the
Present.
British Vice-Consul Dacosta Is
Distributing Relief Sup
plies.
Mutiny Among Matanzas Grocers
Over the Levying of a Special
Tax.
Copyrighted, ISBB, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 16.— Hostilities being
suspended, news from the interior is
without interest. There are neither
battles nor skirmishes. Spanish troops
■go everywhere and carry food for the
forts without being harassed by any
one; farmers are working on their
farms without hindrance. Groups of
rebels on foot and horseback have been
seen with white flags at Matanzas.
Some merchants have closed their
doors, and there was a little mutiny
among grocery retailers, who pro
tested against the tax fixed by the
Council of the city on articles of food,
drink, and on materials for fire, to
make up the deficit caused by the ex
traordinary war expenses. Crowds
gathered in the streets, but the police
and civilian guard dispersed them.
Some were arrested, then quietness
was re-established. This event was
without importance, being exclusively
a local one.
All supplies stored at Matanzas *o
feed the reconcentrados were aban
doned by Consul Brice. The British
Vice-Consul, Mr. Dacosta, is attending
to the distribution day and night, al
though he has been left without clerks
and instructions.
The Spanish mail steamship Monte
video arrived this morning. On board
was second in command at this port,
Don Luis Paster de Landero, who went
as far as Porto Rico on the Vizcaya.
There he went on board the Montr
video. Among many other passengers
were Captain Don Ricardo Bruone, col
onel of marines; two lieutenants be
longing to the military corps, two sol
diers and thirty-four sailors belonging
to the navy.
An editorial in La Diario de la Ma
rina says that telegrams received yes
terday make it appear that the end of
friendly relations between Spain and
the United States has been reached.
It declares that Spain has an advan
tage over the United States, because
her diplomacy has bereft that country
of every pretext to meddle with the af
fairs of Cuba. The editorial praises
the policy of Sagasta, which it says
has been applauded by other nations.
Two hundred rebels under Colonel
Hernandez approached San Jose de las
Lajas to-day, and, hoisting a white
flag, asked the military commander for
a conference. According to the last
news received at the Staff Office, the
insurgent chief and the Spanish com
mander are holding conferences about
the basis of an armistice. It is almost
sure that the capitulation of the rebels
will take place to-morrow.
Members of the Committee of Radi
cal Autonomists will leave for Santa
Cruz del Sur to-morrow to tender an
armistice to the rebels. Senor Viondi
has been excused, not being able to go.
Marquis Real will go in his place. He
offered to do so, believing he will have
influence with the rebels, as his son,
Manuel Antone Morales, is a member
of the rebel delegation in New York.
NEW YORK, April 16.— The Her
ald desires to state that its news
published under Havana date is
from Spanish sources, owing to the
fact that all American correspond
ents were obliged to leave Havana
with Consul-General Lee. Such
news must be taken with the reser
vation that this explanation sug
gests.
COUNTING THE COST.
It is announced that In the event of war
with Spain the internal revenue tax acts
of 1862 and 1863 will be re-enacted. They
amounted to $700,000,000 a year. These acts
put a tax of $1 a barrel on beer, but the
bulk of the revenue was derived from tea
and coffee, all proprietary articles and th<*
stamp tax on checks, deeds, receipts,
leases, mortgages and commercial paper.
A 1100.000.000 popular loan is talked of, and
the President is said to have instructed
Chairman Dingley to prepare a bill which
will increase the revenue by the same
amount. War comes high.— Buffalo Ex
press. - ,
GETTING READY
TO GO TO CUBA
General Shafter Says That
Is What Massing of
Troops Means.
Regulars Will Soon Be on the
Way to the Atlantic
Seaboard.
Expects the California Militia to Be
Called Out Not Later Than
Monday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, April 16.— Cenera! |
Shafter arrived this evening from Me- |
Kittrick ranch, seated behind two spick i
and span light bays, and handling th-e
ribbons himself. He was accompanied
by his son-in-law and daughter, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. McKittrick. The gen
eral came in to take the early train
for San Francisco to make ready to
remove all infantry and light artillery
troops at the Presidio and Benlcia to
New Orleans. Just before leaving for
the north General Shafter was seen by
The Call correspondent, and was asked
about the war situation and the re
moval of the troops to New Orleans.
"When will the removal begin?" he
was asked.
"Just as soon as everything can be
made ready. That is my object in go
ing to headquarters to-night. I can
not just now name the time, but it will
be soon."
"What is the object in massing
troops at New Orleans?"
"Getting ready to go to Cuba."
"Do you think they will go to Cuba
soon?"
"I can't tell."
"Will you be in command at New Or
leans?"
"Yes, sir; and General Graham will
be commander of the department. I
am his senior yet; he will be com
mander."
"Do you think the National Guard of
California will be called?"
"I have been expecting a call before
this. I will be very much disappointed
if they are not called out Monday "
"What disposition will be made of
the Guards?"
"I am not prepared to say."
"It is rumored that some of them
will be sent to do post duty in Arizona
in place of the regulars?"
'"here are soldiers at the Arizona
posts. There has been only one com
pany sent from those posts and it was
sent last week."
General Shafter then talked of the
passage of the Senate resolution. When
questioned as to the possibility of a
fight he evaded an answer, but all of
his actions and diplomacy of speech
disclosed that there is fight in the air
and that he was eager to get into the
midst of it. It is said that the general
remarked to a friend here that he ex
pected there would be fighting within
two weeks.
"How are you in the saddle Gen
eral?" was asked.
At this question the hearty old war
rior involuntarily dropped his eyes on
his heavy "frontispiece" and replied:
"I am a pretty good rider. I chased
buffaloes over the plains of Texas too
long not to be a good horseman."
TORPEDO-BOAT SOMERS
NOT A DEEP-SEA CRAFT.
Naval Men Regard as Rashness the
Attempt to Sail It Across the
Ocean.
FALMOUTH, Eng., April IS.— Naval
men here doubt that the United States
torpedo boat Somers, the small craft
purchased in Germany, will ever reach
America, They think it a rash ex
periment to attempt to sail her across
the Atlantic, and believe Commander
Hazelton will come to that opinion,
even if he is able to obtain a crew will
ing to risk the voyage, which he has
not yet secured.
The Topeka, formerly the Diogenes,
and the Somers put in here yesterday,
the latter having encountered severe
weather. The Somers was leaking,
owing, it is said, to defects in her ma
chinery. A large number of workmen
are engaged in repairing the boat,
working night and day.
To encourage the removal of old
buildings, the authorities of Vienna
have decreed that if the owners of 1263
specified houses will replace them with
new structures, they will be guar
anteed a release from the payment of
taxes for eighteen years.
FOREIGN SHIPS
SERVED FIRST
Coal Contractor at Fort
Monroe Angers Naval
Officers.
Flying Squadron Compelled to
Wait for Hours for Its
Supplies.
In the Meantime a British Tramp
Collier Takes on a Full
Cargo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FORT MONROE, Va., April 16.—
Much indignation was expressed among
the officers of the flying squadron to
day at the action of the Norfolk con
tractors who furnish coal to the Gov
ernment vessels. All morning and un
til 2 o'clock this afternoon, the Brook
lyn, Texas and Massachusetts waited
for coal to be served them. This coal
had been ordered at 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon when the squadron ar«
rived here, and should have been de
livered by 8 o'clock. Telephone mes
sages seemed to have no effect, and if
sudden orders had come the fleet would
have had to put to sea without a suffi
cient complement of fuel.
When it was announced that the con
tractors had been busily engaged load
ing 3000 tons of coal on the English
tramp steamer Hampstead, destined for
St. Vincent, Cape Verde Islands, where
the Spanish torpedo flotilla is as
sembled, officers expressed their opin
ion freely. When the coal lighter ar
rived off the Brooklyn, Commodore
Schley asked if it was true that the
English vessels had sailed with coal,
and was informed that it had not, but
was loading.
A half hour after Commodore
Schley had received his report, an Eng
lish tramp steamer, supposed to be the
Hampstead, and heavily laden, wem.
to sea, dipping its colors to each ves
sel of the fleet as she passed. A ru
mor that the Government has issued an
order for stopping the transport of coal
was prevalent, but naval afficers agreed
that the sale of the coal to any vessel
flying a foreign flag could not be de
nied or restricted until a state of war
was declared and coal made a contra
band article.
The Sioux, one of the tugboats of the
mosquito flotilla, newly converted,
reached here last night and anchored
near the squadron. Its commander, a
naval cadet, reported to Commodore
Schley that the boat was not in sea
worthy condition, its boiler not being
set to stand the heavy seas. The ves
sel was caught in a very heavy gale,
and came near being wrecked. The
engineer of the Brooklyn ordered some
improvements made and Commodore
Schley said to the young commander:
"Never mind, my boy: when you get
to fighting, you'll look over these trou
bles as mere nothings."
All the vessels of the squadron will
be coaled by noon to-morrow.
FLAG OF FREE CUBA
CHEEKED BY THOUSANDS.
Demonstration at a Boston Free Sil
ver meeting Addressed by Mr.
Bryan.
BOSTON, April 16.— Hon. W. J. Bryan
was the guest of Boston to-day. Aft*
breakfast, as the guest of the Bimetal
lic League, a reception was held at the
American House and at 2 o'clock this
afternoon a banquet was served. Mr.
Bryan and Hon. Arthur Sewall <>f
Maine were the guests of honor. Both
made speeches. To-night Mr. Bryan
and Mr. Sewall addressed 15,000 persons
in Mechanics' Hall. Mr. Bryan making
the principal speech and discussing bi
metallism. Both were cheered to the
echo when they entered the hall, ac
companied by George Fred Williams.
Mr. Bryan, referring to the Cuban
question, said he realized that in a
time of international complications we
should forget for a time party ques
tions and rally to the support of na
tional honor. ('Great applause). He
then read a bulletin which had just
been handed him, announcing the pas
sage of the Turpie Cuban recognition
resolution by the Senate. This an
nouncement caused the wildest en
thusiasm, and as Mr. Bryan waved a
silken Cuban flag which had been
thrown to him men and women all over
the hall cheered and yelled their in
dorsement of the Senate's action.
ADVERTISEMEF PS.
Spring
Is the Time When You Need a
. Good : Blood Purifier.
America's Greatest Medicine Is the
Best Spring: Medicine.
These statements are true.
■ .Why?
First — Because in winter, owing to
higher living, eating more fats and
less fruits, decreased perspiration, thus
throwing back into the system impuri-
ties which should have been expelled
through i the skin — your blood is now
foul, sluggish and disease-laden. Here
and now is. the opportunity for bene-
fit, help and health by taking Hood's
Sarsaparilla.
Second— The wonderful cures of blood
diseases, the great tonic, appetizing
health-giving powers have so clearly
proved its superior merit, endeared it
so greatly to the people, that Hood's
Sarsaparilla is beyond a '< question
America's Greatest Medicine. ,
Try it this spring and you will be
rewarded ten fold for your investment.
For a small sum it will make you well.
Delays are dangerous. Preserve and
restore your health before it is too late.
HaaH'c Sarsa-
nOOQ papilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Sold by
all druggists. $1; six for $5. Be sure to
get Hood's.
Hnod's Pilk cure Llver Ills; '• easy t0
HUUU a I HIS take, easy to operate. 25c.
RUTTOIJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DllUlJiJ IJU erß « bootblacks, bath-
****■*■*»"* houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, ■ canners.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe- factories.^
stablemen, tar-roofers, • tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacture r-5.609 Sacramento S *■
LIQUOR HABIT OR DRUNKENNESS i
CURED AT HOME. Full particulars, sealed. /
Guaranteed Cure. Cheap. Address • I
itOTAL CHEMICAL CO., I
Box 406, Umt, O. IBOYS IN BLUE
ARE NOW READY
FOR THE FRAY
Regulars and State Troops
\ Anxious to Defend
; Old Glory.
To-Morrow General Shatter and
Staff and the Historic First
Infantry Regiment Will De
part for New Orleans,
The Government steamer General
McDowell will make a special trip to
Benicia Barracks this morning to
bring to the Presidio Companies B and
H, First Infantry. For the first time
Fince the war of 1861-65 the whole of the
First Regiment of Infantry will be con
centrated at the Presidio, where it will
remain till its departure for New Or
leans. Not only will the infantry be
concentrated, but all the mules with
escort and army wagons, ambulances,
red-cross ambulances, harness and
other appurtenances will be collected
At the Presidio from the various posts
In the harbor ready for shipment to
destination.
. Arrangements are now being perfect
ed by the chief quartermaster of the
department for the transportation of
the command to the South. Monday
bids will be received from the railroad
companies, and it is expected that the
troops, etc., will be en route not later
than Tuesday evening.
General William H. Shafter, who is ■
nmand the troops to be concen
tj*ated at New Orleans, accompanied by
■ Slowing officers of his staff, will
Monday night: First Lieutenants
• H. Noble and John D. Miley;
lieutenant Colonel John B. Babcock,
■ i.t adjutant-general; Major
Stephen W. Groesbeck, judge-advo-
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles P.
I\gan, assistant commissary-general;
iFirst Lieutenant Frank Greene, signal
v. Captain Charles M. Gandy, as
sistant surgeon. Several clerks and
•ngers from department head- j
'quarters will go with the staff.
;■ .Major Edward Field, artillery mr
, v.:!! remain here and perform'
■ iiities of adjutant-general of the
■department.
honor of c< mmanding the post at
t.h.- Presidio when Colonel Evan Miles,
First Infantry, goes to the front will
devolve upon Lieutenant-Colonel Louis
T. Morris. Fourth Cavalry. Colonel
Morris Is a veteran leader of cavalry
who participated in many of the great
the Civil War and was ad
vanced :n rank for gallantry in action.
Lieutenant-Colonel William H. Bis
bee. Fust Infantry, an officer who par
ticipated in many of the campaigns
and battles of the !at.e war and gained
promotion for gallant conduct on the
field, goes with '.is regiment to New
us.
1 It was learned late yesterday after
from very good authority that
Lieutenant-Colonel 11. W. Lawton, in
ipector-general'a department, t'nit«d
States army, had been assigned to duty
•In the Department of California and
■v.iii accompany General Shafter to
New Orleans. Colonel Lawton Is now
stationed at Los Angeles.
< le;. .•:-;,! Shatter will arrive from
Bakersfield at 7 o'clock this morning.
All members of the h"spital corps from
Alcatraz and Angel Island have been
ordered to the Presidio to hold them
selves in readiness t" go with the
'" N Orleans. A full equip
ment of tents for the First Infantry
was issued by the depot quartermas
ter yesterday. The troops will take
with them thirty days' field rations.
It was said at the presidio yesterday
Chat not a hoof nor a wheel would be
the reservation. The orders di
rect that the First Infantry shall take
field equipage, tentage, a full allowance
ef camp and garrison equipage, and all
th<-> ammunition available.
Th- commanding officer at th^
Presidio is directed to put all the
lortatlon in the same shape as the
wagons first Intended tor shipment and
"Which were Inspected by the depart
ment commander. The necessities of
the nnst, from which all transportation
Is drawn, will be supplied by transpor
tation hired by the quartermaster's de
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. . Blind-fold. m^jg^^^^^^SA
■ A woman has §s^p*P?2t?2s^«?^
ho right to "go *^ '' §^fr£y§Jjrtfffi
it blind" in Tna^^d^^^^fe
ters of life and ; . \W3*3ss'
jKealth. to shut L^\,%^T^^>^
li-r ej'es to the ' \ Vi^V^f^fejJg
plain facts of her vA '\ '^<Mpir|
physical being \\ -^VTS^ipStjJ
«:i the co;ise- u vN y- 't^S
qi:-r."f- of neg- %v.\ \ x^v^s: i^ i w
lpcl. She has no / ' ' V^
right to be wretch- / _'-Ws?\^-
«n and ill v.ncn / /^§£ ~ l^5 I ' tr^^
she might be hap- \ J%^~- J^'
py and free from Aj&Sfe'
•pain. \M&~r~
■■ Women who drag through life weighed
down b-- tome torturing', dragging weak-
ness or (lisea.r of their sex are r,ot doinnr
tjhejr full ity to then;selvcs. Th'.'y are not
taking the means which enlightened sci-
ence affords them of being well and strong
md capable.
; These special complaints from which so
many women sutler are not necessary. Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription positively
oures even the mosi severe and obstinate
cases.
• . It is not a haphazard medicine. It is not
a •cure-all." It ia a scientific remedy de-
vised by an educated and experienced spe-
cialist for the one purpose of curing the
special disc. of women.
Tens of thousands of women have been
restored to perfect health by this wonderful
"Prescription." In many instances they
were actually given up as hopeless by phy-
sicians and family doctors.
". " I have taken t>ot',i your ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery 1 aud • Favorite Prescription 1 for chronic
rnflammation of Ihe uterus and bladder," writes
Mrs. M A. Scott, of Park Rapids, Hiibbard Co
•Minn. •• I also had stomach trouble which was
(erribly distress:::?. I have been cured pf a.l 1
had suffered untold misery for fo'.ir years pre-
vious to taking your treatment, but beijair to feel
the good -in-ct at once."
.. Dr. Pierces thousand; page illustrated
book, "The People's Common Sense M.-d-
tcal Adviser "contains information of price-
less value to women. A paper-bound copy
*ill be sent absolutely free on receipt of 21
one-cent stamps to pay the cost of mailir.ff
only. Address World's Dispensary Medical
Association. Buffa.o. NT.V.N T .Y. For a come
tloth-bound copy ->end 31 starn' 1^
partment. If the work of preparing the
transportation cannot be completed by
Monday civilian labor will be hired for
that purpose.
The officer designated to remain at
Benicia barracks is Major Smith, First
Infantry. Major White, surgeon, and
Lieutenant Page, assistant surgeon,
will po with the infantry to New Or
leans. Captain Ware, assistant sur
peon, will accompany the light bat
teries of the Third Artillery to Chick
amauga Park.
As the annexed order indicates.
Colonel Moore will go to New Orleans
in advance to select a camp:
Special orders. No. 32.
Headquarters
Department of California,
San Francisco. Cal.. April 16. 1898.
2.— Pursuunt of telegraphic instructions
from the War Department. Colonel James
M. Moore, assistant quartermaster gen
era', will, without delay, proceed to New ;
Orleans. Louisiana, for the purpose of ;
selecting suitable grounds as a camp for >
the trcops ordered to rendezvous there.
The travel enjoined is necessary for the i
public service.
By command of Brigadier-General
Shafter: J. B. BABCOCK,
Official. Assistant Adjutant-General.
Considerable interest was manifested
in the preparations for departure be
ing made hy the United States Army
Signal Corps, at the Presidio yesterday.
All of the various apparatus pertaining
to the service was being packed and the
poles, wires, insulators and instruments
of the field telegraph and telephone
were loaded on wagons specially con
structed therefor. Each wagon will
carry enough material to construct six
teen miles of line. The poles are twelve
feet long by two inches in diameter,
thirty poles being used to the mile,
upon which a No. 14 galvanized wire
is stretched, fastened to an ingenous
ly contrived gutta percha insulator.
The field telegraph and telephone
plays an important part in the ma
neuvering of troops in the field and
places the commanding officer in
close communication with the various
strategic points at which the troops
may be stationed.
In addition to the field telegraph and
telephone the Signal Corps is equipped
with flags, rockets, bombs and appar
atus for heliograph signaling.
Brigadfer-General Henry C. Merriam,
commanding the Department of the Co
lumbia, stationed at Vancouver Bar
racks, Washington, has been designated
by the Secretary of War as the officer
to temporarily command the Depart
ment of California, on the departure of
General Shafter for New Orleans, and
to assume command of the eight regi
ments of infantry to be concentrated
at that place. It. is not known defi
nitely whether or not General Merriam
will remain at Vancouver Barracks or
come to San Francisco.
General Merriam is a native of Maine
and entered the service as a captain of
the Twentieth Maine Volunteers. He
was appointed captain of the Eightieth
I'nited States colored troops March 11
1863; May 21. 1564. he was appointed
lieutenant-colonel of the Eighty-fifth
I'nited States colored troops; June 3,
1864, he was appointed lieutenant-col
onel of the Seventy-third United
States colored troops; July 28, lSf>6. he
was appointed major of the' Thirty
eighth Infantry; March 15, IS<>9 he was
transferred to the Twenty-fourth In
fantry; June 10, 1876, he was appointed
lieutenant-colonel of the Second Infan
try, and June 30, 1897. he attained his
present rank of brigadier-general.
For gallant and meritorious services
in the battle nf Antietam, conspicuous j
gallantry in the capture of Fort Blake- ;
ly, Alabama, and faithful and mentor- |
inus services during the campaign ■
against the city of Mobile and its de- !
fenses, he was breveted lieutenant-col- i
onel and colonel.
General Merriam has received from'
Congress a modal of honor for conspic
nous gallantry in the assault on Port
Blakely, Alabama. April 9. 1866, volun
tarily and successfully leading his reg- I
iment over the works in advance of '
orders, permission being given him at >
his own request.
First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson ;
Third Artillery, has been directed to
act as signal officer of the department
relieving First Lieutenant Frank
Greene. First Lieutenant Delamere ■
Skerrett, Third Artillery, who was or
dered a few .lays Bince to take charge
0) property at Benicia, is now directed
to return to his station at Fort Mason
There was no commotion or excite- '
m^m to speak of at the Presidio and;
department headquarters yesterday 1
The enlisted men are ready to fall In
behind the band and march to the
boat. In fact they were ready in flf- i
teen minutes after the order was re
ceived. Officers were busy most of the
day yesterday attending to private af- i
fairs. Some of them expect a long
campaign and an expedition to Cubs
before the trouble with Spain is ad- ;
justed, hence several officers resigned
from "the dub" or went on the ab-
Bentce list to avoid the dues which fall
alike on the just and the unjust.
!t would bo gratifying to the citizens
of San Francisco and quite agreeable
to the soldiers if General Shafter would
permit the First Infantry and the ;
light batteries, C and F. of the Third
Artillery, to march through the streets
of the city on the way to the front.
The troops would be cheered by the
patriotic populace if the column passed
through town.
The National Guard of California is
ready at a moment's notice to defend
the honor of the stars and stripes. |
Within throe days from the time that'
they may be called upon by the Gov- I
eminent there can be mobilized at any i
rail connected point in the State 4000
thoroughly equipped troops, who can
bid defiance to any force that Spain
could land upon this coast and de- I
fend any point that may be threatened [
with invasion.
The commanding officers of the Na
tional Guard have been busy during the I
past two weeks "getting the troops into
shape, and the ofheers of the various I
commands throughout the State have
been notified to hold themselves in
readiness to march at a moment's no
tice.
Adjutant- General Barr tt said yes
terday that the entire lighting force of
California was available if called upon
to go to the front upon short notice.
No instructions have been received by i
THE SAX FT? A "S" CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APKIL 17, 1898.
Now Will
y otn Be uood r
Here's where you get
aboard a good thing; In
fact, the sweMest thing
jj 111 1 * that ever happened,
Sjj 21 ■ Our picture above
nj jtei brings to your kindly no=
tice a swell double-breast-
»}:|:;}g ed suit In a rich shade of
[glillilgg blue, satin' faced,; v silk
||l'l;{g| striped lining, with doin-
||||| ble=br§asted vest ; also silk
»{:|!| striped lined. This suit Is
» ::■ » » the upper decree of swell-
g|::|::fg dom, Nothing in town at
gj | « three times the money can
compare with it. For such
a good suit, for such a styl-
Ish suit we tax you
MEN'S SUIT DEPARTMENT.
lilLni I j The new Summer
11 lid I ! Crash Sui> s*f or men,
. , . i i The nru- Tf *hi t t
Arri/Pji I ■ Duck Pints for men.
hiiikdu ■ j Tho thin summe ;
TLj \ • coats for men.
lIIISI II IS • j The new Sweaters,
M: : and a complete line
\ \ of linen, silk and
1 : : mohair Dusters and
:•:::• Traveling Coats.
him or Governor Budd from the Fast,
beyond the general order sent to all
the State troops to be in readiness in
case they arc needed. In event of the
Government calling upon the State for
troops to h<- placed at the Presidio,
General Barrett does no! as yet know
what regiment to detail for that duty.
He keeps in constant communication
with the Governor, so that at the first
call for troops from the East the sol
diers of California will be ready with
th- ir leaders to step into lino. Should
the State's forces be needed in the
East the officers commanding them will
ge as officers of volunteers in the ser
vice of tho I'nited States.
Major-General Dickinson* said yester
day that he could mobilize 4000 men in
three days at any point if called upon
to do SO. In event that he is ordered
to take tho field at the head of his
forces to defend tho coast he will be
supplied by the Government with a
command of light batteries that can
be easily handled and moved from
point to point.
General Warfield. commanding the
Second Brigade, reports that all tho
men under his immediate command ar«
ready to move at a moment's notice.
All of the officers of the National
Guard are upon the "gui vive," ana
when th^ word comes they will be found
ready and all prepared for the fight.
Plan of Attack on Havana.
NEW YORK, April 16.— Herald's
Key West- correspondent says: That
the former plan of naval attack on
Havana has been abandoned was prac
tically admitted by Captain Sampson
this evening, when he said: "It now
seems certain that the lleet will not
move against Havana until we can
have full co-operation of troops."
— * —
Captain of Harvard Volunteers.
Charles Caldwell Bull, "98, Harvard
University, and son of Mrs. Alpheus
Bull of Radeliffe Hall, Belmont, has
been unanimously elected captain of
the first company of volunteers raioed
at Harvard.
~^^^ 9.fII.f3>.ISII4EARNYST.
THE FRISCO BOYS. TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS. EIGHT FLOORS.
ANTI-AMERICAN
HOLY ALLIANCE
One London Paper Says
Sharp Things About
Uncle Sam.
Does Not Believe the Powers ol
Europ* Can Coerce the
U nited States. •
Other English Journals, However,
Agree in Backing Up the Senti
ment of Great Britain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 16.— The St. James
Gazette this afternoon publishes an ar
ticle headed an "Anti- American Holy
Alliance." in which it says:
"The reports of European interfer
ence in the Cuban question are dis
tinctly the most interesting news this
morning — most interesting because it
now is clear that nothing can prevent
war except some such intervention.
The United States has gone too far to
recede. America wants to fight, and,
so far as we can see. America will be
going wrong, not through its states
men, hut through a national hysteria.
It is discouraging for those who wish
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Young America to the Front.
Our navy department, or rather our juve-
nile department, will show you some cute
ideas in sailors, as yon see in picture above,
all ready for action Monday, in blues, pret-
tily braided with soutache ; shield braided,
lanyard and whistle with each and every
suit, and for which we say
$1.48.
UlVcdLJl OliLiLlL®lJlJH!)llll3
Here's another pretty one, which we show
above, for the comino little defenders of our
National honor. A swell effect in blue, long
trousers, prettily gotten up. Worth all of $6.
For lads between the ages of 3 and 10 years.
These at
$3.98.
peace and the end in Cuba of Spanish
rule to see American passion throwing
away what American statesmanship
has won. There is, therefore, obviously
an opportunity for the forcible inter
vention of the powers, or some of
them.
"The position of Great Britain, in
such an eventuality, is a delicate one,
but from the point of view of France,
Italy, Austria and Germany, it must
be allowed that the plea made by Spain
could hardly fall on deaf ears. Senor
Sagasta's indignation in regard to the
accusation now bluntly brought in con
nection with the Maine is perfectly jus
tified, after the reticence observed by
the responsible American Government.
Spain virtually throws up the sponge
in ordering an armistice. If American
interference goes further in its insult
ing attack upon the mere existence of
European sovereignty over the island,
a strait waistcoat would seem to .be
a very useful article of attire for the
outside powers to provide for the coun
try which wants to bite off more than
it can chew without any consideration
for other people's interest.
"The notion that England must sup
port America against Europe, whether
America is right or wrong, is ludicrous.
But if a new Holy Alliance attempted
to coerce America In respect to a mat
ter in which our sympathies are with
America, it would no doubt find Great
Britain a strong ally of the United
States. No such case seems likely to
arise yet, and it certainly would not if
the triple alliance intervened between
Spain and America."
The Pall Mall Gazette says: "The
sympathy of the Continent is no doubt
with Spain, just as it is in Great Brit
ain by an G-verwhelming majority with
the United States. But between sym
pathy and action a great gulf is fixed.
The time has gone by for European at
tempts at mediation."
The Westminster Gazette says there
need be no alarm about anti-United
States movements, adding: "A Euro
pean concert which excluded Great
Britain could not intervene with any
effect in the amphibious warfare which
is threatened, and it is perfectly cer
tain that no British Government would
be a consenting party to any sort of
intervention which is hostile or even
hampering to the United States. The
only way out is to compel Spain to ac
cept the substance of the American de
mands while she yet has a chance of
saving: her sovereignty in Cuba. That
chance is open for a few days more,
and while we do not fear the European
concert will coerce the United States,
there is still, we hope, a possibility that
a concert will persuade Spain."
ROBERT A. McLANE DEAD.
America's Former Minister to France
Succumbs to Illness.
WASHINGTON. April 16.— The State
Department has received a cablegram
ADVERTISEMENTS.
&4? H/W/E YOUR
#|> TEETH
FILLED OR EXTRACTED
fg» WITfIOUT PAIN,
v*"*u *"* And Save Half on Your
Dentist Bill.
SPECIAL FOR APRIL.
City patrons allowed . 10 per.
I cent discount on all dental
jg> I ' work done by us this month.
jR ft* Railroad fare allowed to out- -
dBKtffSS nf-town patrons.
SmUtmi Metropolitan Dental Parlors,
\Z%gy\ •' S. HigrKlns. P P S.. 927
~^~--. I Market St., over Cafe Zinkand,
.fifth floor; elevator.; .
. ■* . .....
The hat the swell people are
wearing. Above we picture the
hat we pride ourselves on. It's
the Alpine, the new Spring Al-
pine, the exclusive hatters' $&
Alpine, in pearl with black
bands, in cedar with contrast
bands, in black, in seal brown.
There's a lot of shades to keep
you busy selecting from. It's
the hat that made our Eat De-
partment famous. All we tax
you for such good hats is
95c,
Ladies' Pana-
J^^^^A— ma Dude Sail-
t^y^zfztlaxGS ors < that's the
t£~~FS£S latest and swell-
4* T^lf est straw for la-
r .^& dies, with fancy
"^wjg^i|£l ba n s . Can't
i§/3|^* touch 'em in ex-
W mirp elusive millin-
I r ers under $2, in
our hat depart-
ment at
98c.
A lot of very
swell blouses for
&*s*k little folks— the
yS* >)k very swelle st
r^^ytiC^^. things in Dimi-
ties lind, in fln3
\m^^Xy\ French Percales.
/CuT ET^dkQl They're a lot of
&1 p _C^yp.- dollar goods
]Z -. and will only
[ JC-.sL-^ oe ori sa^ e •M° n ~
l iTI day afj the pries
\ \ } and that is
39c.
Our Furnish-
A . t ll in<3 Section will
§£$2y£jft^2* hold a Shirt
2§fi^^?HS Carnival. Some
gg || WJ H'S of the prettiest
h^j Percales in
\ H stripes and in
\ j I i checks for gen-
tlemen's wear.
B r a Ji d - n c iv
I-'s'i'l'S of the vrettiest
O-'];-.Jsfh| ond richest of
llfc <1! Percales in
stripes and in
checks for gen-
tlemen's wear.
Brand-new
goods and got-
j ten out especial-
ly for our Shirt
\ Carnival which
\ occurs Monday.
\ i A line of goods
tin— u'lll that haven't
their equal in
town. These in
our Men's Shirt Department at
68c.
tA line of swell
i- - ) night robes for
\fsi J gentlemen in high-
t • v? s^*^ grade twill cloth.
l Ftf C\ Tne highest grade,
■JAifp j. rj'H r> ) cut generously long
*O / (j .X/ and generously
O f wide, ideal night
I robes. Double the
price is the regular
'I price. Half the
price is our price
for Monday, and
J?> »& that is
48c.
§Some very ele-
gant ideas in high-
t* ym class Silks and Sa-
r V tins, made in the
r, big puff shape;
ACtHm tBBB^ plaids, stripes; no
■MB JSaSwa end of handsome
Wnßa %^^BL. ones, and entirely
VH'/iiXl new. These are
jHaL_Jr mX regular dollar
%&XQoP>^J^r goods; will be of-
H' c^-J^ fered Monday at
■ n 49c.
from Ambassador Porter stating that
Hon. Robert A. McLane. former Minister
to France, died at Paris at 6 oclock thl3
morning. He had been ill for some time
and passed" quietly away.
WHEN YOU WRITE TO THE QUEEN.
The paper on which letters to Queea
Victoria .are written must not be folded.
No communication which bears evidence
of having creased will ever fall into Her
Majesty's own hands. The proper meth
od is to write on thick, glossy white
paper, and to dispatch the missive in an
envelope which tits it. Any folded com
munication never reaches the Queen, for
the simple reason that she never looks at
it. All such letters are opened by the
Mistress of the Robes, and, as a rule,
their contends never get beyond her, or.
If the letter Is of importance, It is re
turned to the writer with the directions
how (o forward It.
Teeth Extracted ,^^
Without Pain, j^m
NO GAS. NO CHLOROFORM. 'fJT
FREE! FREE! 1^
To-morrow, April IS, all pa-
tients who (.ill and pet an fs- %H^9
timnte on their work will be
entitled to (one) beautiful Gold
Filling Free.
Greatly increased patronage
has compelled us to enlarge
our parlors in order give our , .
• patients in the future the same I
careful attention and gooa %V^^ .
work which have made our V*Wffifci»
ofllces popular. r»3ftgt^
Open evenings, Sundays till 2. l^BfsaT
527 Market St. I
Over Cafe Zlnkund, fifth floor;
-e^v; elevator. ti^rjiln
\te^^ %J^b) YJB| C ,<M&
34
NOW CUBA
WILL SOON
BE FREED
Senate Recognizes the In=
dependence of the Isl=
and Republic.
War May Follow This Declara=
tion, Which Goes Further
Than the House
Resolution.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 16.
The United States Senate has spoken.
Its voice is for war — war until the saf
fron flag of Spain shall have been
furled in the Western Hemisphere, and
furled forever. Its voice, too, is for the
Independence of the infant republic of
the gem of the Antilles.
"Free Cuba and the independence of
the island republic" was the shibboleth
of the Senate throughout the four days
of debate which ended tp-night While
the verdict returned was decisive, it is
just to Bay that it was not final. Notes
of discord— almost foreboding in their
tones— were sounded. This foreboding
was not due in any sense to anxiety
about the result of the impending con
flict It was prompted by a fear lest.
If the action taken by the Senate
Fhnuld ultimately be accepted as final,
this Oovernment might become in
volved In complications that in future
years would pr"\-.' serious.
At 9:10 o'clock the Davis resolutions,
those reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, amended so as to
include the recognition of the republic
of Cuba, were passed by a vote of 67
to 21, as a substitute for the resolution
adopted by the House of Representa
tives. All day long the contest waged
With an earnestness, energy, ability
and eloquence seldom equaled, even in
the Senate of the I'nited States. From
10 o'clock this morning until the mo
ment of the final vote the intensity of
the interest did not abate for an in
stant. Under the agreement limiting
the duration <>f the speeches, except in
specified Instances, to fifteen minutes,
every Senator who so desired had an
opportunity to express his views be
fore the voting began — after 7 o'clock
to-night. The greatest speech of the
day had been made by White of Cali
fornia, who has been consistently and
conscientiously opposed to action of
any kind upon the Cuban question.
The speech was a masterly oratorical
effort, and attracted profound atten
tion from every auditor. No less than
twenty-five Senators addressed them
selves to the momentous question un
der consideration during the day.
It was not until the first vote— that
on the amendment of Turpie of In
diana, providing for recognition of the
Island republic— had been taken that
the Senate was brought face to- face
with the tremendous consequence of its
action.
The scene In the chamber of many
historic debates was one of incompar
able solemnity and impressiveness. The
galleries, which had been filled to
their utmost capacity throughout the
day, were massed with brilliantly at
tired women and men distinguished in
all walks of public and private life. On
the floor was every member elected to
the Senate, save one. Walthall of Mis
sissippi, wlm was again detained from
his seat by Berioua illness. Probably
the most notable utterances of the clos
ing hours <>f debate were made to
right. Halo of Maine. Gorman of
Maryland and Allison ut lowa, Aldrich
of Rhode Island. Jones of Arkansas
and Hoar of Massachusetts, all deeply
impressed by the magnitude and pos
sible awful consequences of the step
about to be taken, addressed the Senate
■with an eloquence and solemnity born
only <rf the most profound feeling for
their country's welfare. As the words
fell from their lips the chamber thrilled
with an intensity of interest which bor
dered on awe.
The test vote quite naturally was on
tho amendment offered by Turple rec
ognizing the independence of the Cu
ban republic. It prevailed by a major
ity of 14, the vote being 51 to 37. By
political parties the vote was cast as
follows:
Ayes— Republicans 11, Democrats 28,
Populists T, Silver Republicans o.
Noes— Republicans 32. Democrats 5.
Upon the final vote the alignment of
parties was quite different from that
on the Turpie amendment. An analy
sts of it follows. Ayes— Republicans 24,
Democrats 31, Populists 7. Silver Re
publicans 5, toial 67. Noes — Republi
cans 19, Democrats 2, total 21.
The resolution as finally agreed upon
by the Senate is as follows;
Whereas, The ahhorrent conditions
which have existed for more than tnree
yean in tho island of Cuba, so near our
own borders, have shocked the moral
Bense in the people of the United States.
have been a disgrace to Christian civil
ization, culminating as they have in the
destruction of a. United States battle-ship,
■with 2fW of Its officers and crew, while on
a friendly visit In the harbor of Havana,
and cannot longer be endured, as has
been set forth by the President of the
United States in his message to Con
gress of April 11. IS9S, upon which the
action of Congress was invited. There
fore.
Resolved, Py the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America, in Congress assembled—
Klrst— That ' ne people of the island of
Cuba are and of right ought to be free
nnd independent, and that the Govern
ment of the United States hereby recog
nizes the republic of Cuba as the true
and lawful Government of that Island.
Second— Th;it It is the duty of the Unit
ed States to demand, and the Govern
ment of the United States does hereby
demand, that the Government of Spain at
once relinquish its authority and govern
ment In the island of Cuba and withdraw
Its land and naval forces from Cuba and
Cuban waters.
Third— That the President of the United
Stßtes be and he hereby Is directed and
empowered to ';se the entire land and
navnl forces of the United States, and
to call Into the actual service of the
United States the militia of the several
States to such extent as may be neces
sary to carry these resolutions Into ef
fect.
I'mirth— That the United States hereby
disclaims iiny disposition or intention to
exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or con
trol over said Island, except for the paci
fication thereof, iuid asserts its determin
ation, when that is accomplished, to
leave the government and control of the
Island to its people.
In accordance wfui the agreement
reached last night the Senate convened
promptly at 10 o'clock, and. after the
transaction of some routine business, the
resolution of the Foreign Relations Com
\ mlttee was laid before the members. Few
I Senators were on the floor at the time,
I and Teller suggested waiting for a quo
rum, saying it was due to the Senators
i who were to speak. After about rifteen
minutes a quorum appeared.
Cannon of Utah was then recognized
and spoke in favor of immediate decisive
| action and for the recognition of the ln-
I dependence of the Cuban republic.
Allen of Nebraska said he wanted to
call attention to the remarkable scene
'■ that had occurred at the White House on
; April 7. He referred to the call of the
' representatives of the six great powers
• upon the President and to the exchange
: of notes on the Hispano-American situ
ation. He declared that no similar scene
had ever been witnessed In this country.
""I want to register my protest," said
| Allen, "against the representatives of
the so-called powers of Europe entering
! the White House and telling this coun
try what it shall do. I cannot under
stand why the I're-sident did not inform
them that this country would not toler
, ate interference from them; yet here is
I the first step toward tne breaking down
; of the Monroe doctrine and the destruc- j
! tlon of the nation. And it is understood
i that these same so-called powers are
i to go further and to maKe another as
sault upon the White House with a more
pressing demand. Within six months
these same powers will be urging the
! United States to agree to arbitration in
I order that our liability for Spanish Cu
ban bonds may be determined."
Burrows of Michigan supported the po
sition assumed in this crisis by the Presi
dent, and argued against the recognition
I of the present republic of Cuba,
Platt of Connecticut, who, in accord
| ance with the agreement reached last
1 night, was accorded a half hour's time,
devoted to a strong and eloouent expres-
I sion of his hope for peace and a defense
of the President. He thought the time for j
oratorical and imnassioned utterances
had passed. Oratory would not bombard
1 Morro Castle; slinging angry words may
wound the President, but they cannot
pierce the armor of the Spanish battle
ships.
Platt believed that peace might have
been preserved had it not been for the
intemperate utterances of those who
seemed bent upon plunging the country
into war. He hoped, he said, that even
yet some way might be fc md of avert
ing war and at the same time securing
peace in Cuba. He said, however, that if
rur determined purpose to intervene to
l'i:t an end to conditions in the island of
Cuba should result in war, it must be so.
The United States would not be recreant
to its duty or to a great trust. He .eld
that the President and House of Repre-
Bentatives had placed the pending ques
tion upon high ground. The Senate was
called upon to place it on lower ground;
on untenable ground that would not oe
approved by the nations of the earth.
"I denlore it— it is unpar_onable," de
clared Platt.
}\o thought to recognize the present re
public which General i-ee had testified
existed only in skeleton would be little
short of folly. Before extending such re
cognition Platt said it would be neces
sary for the United States to strike from
history the words of many of the na
tion's statesmen and to give up the Mon
roe doctrine. Platt concluded with an
appeal for calm and deliberate action
such as would be approved by all future
generations.
A strong appeal for the recognition of
the Independence of the present Cuban
republic was made by Bacon of Georgia.
In t '-ginning he said it was unfair to
charge that all Senators wno differed
fp'in the President upon this question
were hostile to him. He did not approve
of the President's message in its entire
ty, because it was impossible for him to
grant such power to a President as Mr.
McKlnley evidently desired.
Wellington of Maryland followed Bax-on,
and as he arose to speak there was a_stir
in the galleries. He said he was thor
oughly satisfied that there was no good
reason for the United States going to war
with Spain. No war could be Justified at
any time by any nation unless all diplo
matic agencies had been exhausted, and
he could not see that result in the mes
sage of the President.
'"I will vote for peace; T will stand for
peace as long as peace is possible." he
(aid. "I do not stand here as an apolo
gist for the Spanish policy. I believe the
people of Cuba had a right to rebel
figainst the colonial policy of Spain; but
w<- as a nation are outside the situation.
We have nothing to do with the rebellion
now going on in the island."
Wellington argued that the message of
the President has been wholly miscon
strued; that instead of an appeal to Con
gress to sanction war it was exactly the
reverse, but the war frenzy was abroad
and Congress was rushing hopelessly Into
hostilities. "The. President. I believe. In
his heart feels that war Is not necessary."
Wellington then read the closing para
graph of the President's message and,
placing his interpretation upon it, said
that the words indicated that the execu
tive still believed that the armistice
granted to the insurgents would yet work
out peace. Passing to the internal dis
sensions existing in Spain he said that
the United States would be rpsponsible
should the Carlists overthrow the present
dynasty, which he hoped would continue
many years. Upon the question of re
sponsibility as to the destruction of the
Maine Wellington passionately said that
he could not think that Spain blew up
our vessel.
"If so. then the responsibility rests upon
General Blanco, in command at Havana,
and I cannot believe that General Blan
co would sanction such an outrage. One
touch of nature makes the whole world
kin. even though the kinship be with a
Spaniard."
Wellington then recounted the deeds of
valor done by Marylanders. and said that i
while the conservative people of his StatP
agreed with him that war was not neces
sary, they and himself would be found
battling with the majority. In concluding
he said:
"If war must be, Maryland will be witii
you. but in this fateful hour she Is for
pence."
Turpie of Indiana, in order to make
perfectly clear the resolution reported by
the minority of the Foreign Relations
Committee, offered an amendment to in
sert after the word "independent" the
following:
"And the Government of the United
States hereby recognizes the republic of
Cuba as the true and lawful government
of that island."
Caffery was then recognized: "I have
stood before on the brink of war." he
said. "Although young then, I counseled
moderation, but my opinion was swept to
the winds and I was carried along with
my people, into the most colossal war in
the history of civilized nations. Our peo
ple were a unit then. If war Is to be
waged we ought to he a unit now. But
it seems that whoever dares to utter a
thought in opposition to hasty or ill-con
ceived action subjects himself to the gib
bet in the popular breast."
Caffery then entered upon a discussion
of the Cuban situation, declaring that it
was manifest that the power of Spain was
slowly dying in Cuba and that her sov
ereignty, without our interference, would
be swept from the island. Caffery main- I
talned that recognition was an executive '.
and not a legislative function.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
i
"The adoption by the Senate of the res- j
olutlons reported by the minority of the
Foreign Relations Committee," he de- |
clared. "would be to stultify ourselves
and the President would be bound to veto |
those resolutions."
Caffery, speaking of recognition of the ;
insurgents, said: "States cannot be made i
like paper money, in which counterfeits
must necessarily play a most important
part." He thought the war fever must
be exceedingly strong to justify the ac
ceptance of a counterfeit, even under the
sweep of patriotism and enthusiasm
"Whose fight is it?" he vehemently ;
asked, "In which we are going to par
ticipate? It is not our fight, but a fight
between certain insurrectionary fac-
Uona in the island of Cuba and the Span- :
ish crown."
He then paid a glowing tribute to the
wisdom, the patience and the high pat
riotism of the President. Even without
intervention on our part it was the opin
ion of Qaffery that the island of Cuba
would be free; that in the very nature of
things Spain would have to relinquish her
hold in the western hemisphere. j
Hawley of Connecticut pronounced \
judgment upon the message of the Presi- \
dent as one of the great state papers
that would be justified in the light of his
tory. He criticised the resolutions as pre- j
sented and thought that to all intents
and purposes the House resolution more
nearly reached all the phases of this
complicated question than any reported.
White of California said he stood be
fore the Senate to address himself to the
most momentous question which had ever |
been brought to the attention of the j
American people. It was 'disagreeable to j
dissent from the committee view, to set i
aside the popular feeling. The plaudits !
of the people were always inspiring, but i
the Senate was confronted by a solemn
duty, a solemn responsibility, and so far j
as he was concerned he could no more
give up his convictions than he could
yield up his life. The Senate was here to |
face a war which now must come upon j
the country, but ho thought it not a mis- ,
carriage to consider the situation which j
confronted us.
"The record here made," said he, "will
live »■ long as reason and justice." No
body doubted, he said, that the Govern
ment of Spain had failed of its duty and
had misgoverned the island of Cuba.
No one doubted the issue of tHr. coming
war between Spain and the United
States. That the triumph of this coun
try would result was certain.
"But." said White, "our nation, with
its 70,000,000 people and vast resources, is
great enough to do exact justice. It has
been well and thoughtfully said that no
more sublime spectacle has ever been
presented than that of a great nation
sacrificing for justice its passion and its
pride."
White declared that in view of the re
cent action of Spain in making a large
! appropriation for tneTelief of the re
i concentrados and in abolishing the ~*lct
of concentration she had met the only
argument of many Senators in favor of
hostilities. Spain had swept their foot-
Ing from beneath them and they no
longer had standing in court.
In a magnificent peroration he said:
"Those of us who dissent from the ma
jority do so from dictates of conscience,
; but whatever resolution is passed pledg
ing this country to a declaration that
history will have to decide whether
; right or wrong you will find no deserters
!in the camp. We have our opinions, deep
I rooted perhaps and tirmly set, but we
i are all Americans. When that judgment
| is rendered there is but one action that
can be taken. Shoulder to shoulder, hand
in hand, we will march forward with
equal step to vindicate the conduct of
that Government which we believe t<>
be the best that Almighty God has per
mitted in all times, and on the morrow,
when this crisis shall come upon us. from
every housetop in the United States let
there be flung the stars and stripes."
Hawley of Connecticut introduced and
asked immediate consideration for the
following resolution:
"Resolved, That the President is hereby
authorized in his discretion and with
such limitations and exceptions as shall
seem to him expedient to prohibit the ex
port of coal or other material used in war
from any sub-port of the United States,
until otherwise ordered by Congress."
Cockrell of Missouri asked what the ef
fect of such a resolution would be.
Hawley remarked that it would put a
stop to the export of coal and prohibit
its going to Spanish ships, which was
of more value to them than powder.
Pettus of Alabama said that such a
procedure was against the law and he
thought that so radical a measure must
be ordered by Congress, and that Con
gress should not invest the power in the
hands of the President.
Hawley, realizing the force of the ob
jection, changed the resolution Into a bill,
but it went over upon an objection of
Gorman of Maryland.
Bate- of Tennessee addressed the Senate
for fifteen minutes In a speech urging the
recognition of the present Cuban govern
ment as Independent, and said that he
would support the minority amendment.
Clark of Wyoming said that whatever
might be the final wording of the resolu
tions adopted by Congress they could
mean only war— war with one of the most
cruel and barbarous nations in the world.
In the circumstances the nation should
not hesitate. He had hoped that a peace
ful solution of the difficulty might have
been found, but although the President
had acted with a dignity, equanimity and
patriotism seldom equaled, war was at
hand. The diplomacy of the entire world
could not now prevent it. For the mur
der of the heroes of the Maine war was
the only reparation. Despite the belief of
Senators, the evidence of our court of in
quiry was such that If it were submitted
to any court in the land a verdict of mur
der in the first degree would be returned.
Pascoe of Florida spoke in favor of the
recognition of the independence of the
Cuban republic. He believed, too, that
when our troops were landed, in Cuba
they ought to act in concert with the
forces under General Gomez.
The other Senator from Florida (Mal
lory) said none desired war if that calam
ity could be averted, and he regretted
that the President had suspended diplo
matic negotiations, for through them war
might have been averted.
Faulkner of West Virginia thought only
one of two courses was open to this
country, either to submit to the Indigni
ties, insults and crimes of Spain or that
the American Congress should make such
an utterance as would remove every
doubt as to her intention to present the
question for arbitrament by the sword.
The mailed hand of oppression must be
lifted from the lacerated shoulders of
Cuba.
Wilson of Washington spoke In favor of
the majority resolution. "We want less
oratory and more powder; less rhetoric
and more rams," he said. Patriotism,
said he. was higher than business inter
ests; love of country dearer than dollars.
Pettus of Alabama followed Wilson, .and
attacked the House resolution as being
unconstitutional. He insisted that Con
gress had the right to declare war, and
said that the President ■ was in his high
office to execute the mandate of Congress.
He bitterly arraigned the President's Sen
atorial advisers, saying that the Senate
was the executive's advisers not his Sena
torial friends.
MeEnery of Louisiana said he would
vote for the recognition of the Cuban re
public, closing his remarks with a tribute
to a reunjfed country as is belnjj wit
nessed to-day.
Gear of lowa supported the majority
resolution.
Gallinger of Now Hampshire read a
number of autograph Utters from Cuban
military commanders, showing the high
patriotism which actuated them in their
struggle for liberty.
Elkins of West Virginia said it was
plain war was inevitable and could not
bo avoided. His reasons in opposing the
recognition of Cuba were: The Insur
gents had not won their independence as
nations seeking recognition always have'
the insurgent government is by its con
stitution only temporary, and such recog
nition was contrary to American doc
trines for a hundred years. He thought
the resolutions as presented by the For
eign Relations Committee ought to be
amended so as to provide that the recog
nition should be given by the President—
the only power that could give It. El
kins challenged the statements' of Proc
tor as to the conditions on the island
Proctor— Will the Senator accept the
statements in the Consular reports?
Elkins— l'd a thousand times rather ac
cept your statements, but there are other
men not. perhaps, so eminent as the Sen
ator from Vermont, who report a state
of affairs entirely different from that re
ported to this Senate.
Elkins declared that the T T nited States
ought to take Cuba, Porto Rico and the
Philippine Islands in order that we might
have some compensation for the enor- '
mous war debt. If. afterward, it was de- ■
sired to give the Cubans their independ- :
ence, he was willing, as he had always
believed they ought to have It.
Clay of Georgia said he was anxious to
see the question adjusted without war
for the people of the South did not want
war; but as war was now inevitable, he
believed in making it upon the best reso
lution offered. These, he thought, were
those submitted by the minority.
Proctor replied to some of the state
ments made by Elkins. The latter, ho
said, had received his information from
Mr. Atkins of Boston, whose sugar plan
tation, had been protected by the Span
ish troops. He thought it too late now to
talk. War was upon us and we ought
to meet it with united front.
Pritchard of North Carolina contented
himself with announcing, after a brief
eulogy of the President, that he would
support the House resolution.
Nelson of Minnesota declared that the
question as to the power of the President
to recognize the Cuban republic was irrel
evant. Congress had the authority and
ought to exercise it— to accept that brave
young republic as our ally in the coming
war.
Perkins of California announced him
self in favor of recognition ot the Inde
pendence of Cuba. The assassination of
the sailors of the Maine was sufficient
warrant for us to go to war.
Thurston of Nebraska, who followed
him. declared his intention to vote to rec
ognize the republic of Cuba. He was a
Republican, and he had been urged by
every Republican to vote against the in
dependence resolution because it was of
Democratic origin. But on this matter
he was more than a Republican, he was
an American citizen.
Morgan of Alabama defined his posi
tion briefly, giving his reasons for de
clining to concur in the minority reso
lution to recognize the independence of
the republic. His position was not mis
understood by the Cuban people. His
views had been submitted to President
Palma and were concurred in by him.
He said he would not recognize the inde
pendence without a stipulation which
would prevent the possibility of General
Gomez making a treaty with Spain that
would leave us in the lurch.
After Kenny of Delaw-are had stated
his position in favor of the recognition of
independence the debate came to an
abrupt close. Senator Hale and several
other Senators who were scheduled to
present their views refrained.
When the bell rang for a .vote at ex
actly 7:30 p. m. there was a great stir in
the Senate and in the galleries. Senators
came trooping in from the cloakrooms,
and the spectators, many of whom had
been in the galleries for twelve hours,
leaned over impatiently.
The first vote was taken upon the
amendment of the minority of the For
eign Relations Committee, which pro
vided for the recognition by the United
States of the ' .nerublic of Cuba as the
true and lawful Government* of that Isl
and." It was adopted, 51 to 37, as fol
lows:
Ayps-Allen, Bacon, Baker. Bate. Berry. But
ler, Cannon, Chandler. Chilton, Clay, Cockrell,
Daniel, Foraker. Gallinger, Harris. Heitfeld.
Jones of Arkansas, Jones of Nevada, Kenny.
Kyle. Llmlsay, McEnery. McLaurin, Mallory,
Mantle. Martin, Mason. "Mills. Mitchell. Money.
Murphy, Nelson. Pasco, Penrose, Perkins. Pet
tlgrew, Pettus, Quay. Rawlins. Hoach, Smith,
Stewart, Teller, Thurston. Tlllman, Turley,
Turner. Turpie. Vest. White and Wilson— sl.
N.."s— Aldrl.h. Allison, Burrows. Caffery,
Carter, ("lark. Cullom, Davis, Deboe, Elktns,
Fairbanks. Faulkner, Frye, Gear, Gorman.
Gray, Hale, Hanna, Hanshrough, Hawley,
Hoar, Lodge, Mi' Bride. MeMlllln, Morgan, Mor
rlll, Platt of Connecticut. Platt of New York,
Prltchard. Proctor. Sewell. Shoup, Spooner,
Warren, Wellington, Wetmore and "vVolcott —
37.
Davis then offered an amendment as an
additional section as follows:
Fourth— That the Unltpd States hereby dis
claim any disposition or Intention to exercise
sovereignty, jurisdiction or control over said
island, except for the pacification thereof, and
assert Its determination when this i? accom
plished to leave the government and control of
the Island to its people.
"That's right," came in chorus from
all portions of the chamber when the
amendment was read. It was adopted
without a dissenting vote.
Frye moved to strike out of the first
section declaring that the people of the
island of Cuba "are and of right ought
to be free and independent," the words
"are and of right."
On motion of Davis the motion was
laid on the table, s"i to 33.
Morgan then offered his substitute for
a declaration of war. It was laid on the
table, ayes S3, nays 5. The nays were
Mason, Morgan, Pettigrew, Turner and
Wilson.
The supremo moment had come. Hale
of Maine, who has been the. mainstay of
the opposition to radical action on the
Cuban auestion, arose. His first words
bounded a warning.
"The action the Senate is about to
take." he began, speaking slowly and im
pressively, "places it in a deadlock with
the House and the President of the
Vnited States. It is a remarkable spec- j
tacle we are presenting to the civilized
world."
But he got no further. Teller and Wol
cott were both on their feet. The latter
declared passionately that Hale's state- ;
ment was most impertinent. He said as a J
Republican he demanded, to know upon i
what authority it was made. "I ask the |
Senator whether lie is authorized by the j
President to declare that our cr.ntemplat- I
ed action will place us in deadlock with ]
the President."
Before he could reply. Teller made the
point of order that it was unparliament
ary for a Senator to refer to the action
lie House or the President. The Vice
iident read the rule and asked Hale
iroceed in order. The latter said he
losed briefly to state the reasons for
opening statement. He did not pre
l, he said, to speak by authority of
the President, or to know in any con
tingency his future action. "But I do
know if the motion of the Senator from
Inesota prevails," he continued, "it
bring the Senate into deadlock with
President, as shown by the message
las submitted to us."
Her again called Hale to order, and
in the Vice-President had the rule
rt ad. Hale seemed but slightly disturbed
by these interruptions. Proceeding again,
he commented upon the remarkable spec
tacle the Senate presented.
"We are not asked to legislate," he con
tinued, "upon ordinary matters, but upon
a grave national question that involves
war. It is proposed here to disregard the
leadership of the chief magistrate. He
has left us in no doubt as to the lines
of policy which may compel us to enti-r
upon war, if such it is to be. with Spain.
He has told us that the conditions in
Cuba are not such as will permit our
recognition of the republic of Cuba, He
has blazed the policy. The war in Cuba
must stop. Nothing is plainer than that
Intervention is to be resorted to, and he
asks to be instructed to use the army
and navy for that purpose. And now
here, to-day, with this policy marked out,
witli everything we desire about to be
consummated, with freedom to Cuba as
sured and intervention by arms, if nec
essary, decided upon, the President is to
be confronted by the Senate's effort to
define another policy. We are to thrust
this resolution in his face, a resolution
he has declare^ he dov not believe in
and does not want. The chief executive
is the nearest approach to a ruler this
country knows. Shall he be opposed?"
Proceeding, Hale expressed the deep
sense of regret with which he had. in
the last few days, witnessed the melting
away of the spirit of conservative senti
ment in the Senate. Senators who had
opposed the recognition of the independ
ence of Cuba had one by one, and day by
day, come into line for that declaration.
Gorman followed Hale, and by his man
ner, by the vehemence of his utterances,
showed how greatly he felt the gravity
.of the situation. He counseled a temper
ate policy and invoked that the rancor
of the debate be eliminated from the oc
casion. He criticized the attacks made
by Senators upon the President as the
commander-in-chief of the army and
navy, and forcibly declared that party
politics should give way to a higher duty
In the determination of the question. He
questioned the wisdom of the resolution
as adopted, and hoped that wiser counsels
would prevail. He said that the open crit
icism of the President was to be depre
cated, and he wished the record as made
up might be blotted forever, and only a
united people shown uppermost to the
world.
He closed amid profound stillness, and
the occasion was worthy a place in the
history of nations. He said: "I pledge
myself to forget that McKinley was elect
ed by the Republican party, because I
know and believe that as President of a
united people he will bear his country's
flag aloft, and that no nation, Spanish
or otherwise, will receive from him aught
else, than that fair, manly and brave
treatment of an American President."
Allison of lowa, seemingly laboring un
der intense excitement, said that no man
could doubt his loyalty to the country or
the Hag, but he seriously doubt
ed the wisdom of doing that which
had been a question of controversy since
the days of Washington down to the
present time, an assumption of Congress
to deciare the independence of a nation
in contravention of the well-known prin
ciple of international law. He said the
amendment had been forced into the res
olution in the face of the fact that the
I'resident did not counsel or even advise
Buch action, but £>n the other hand, had
declared emphatically against it. He said
the present Cuban republic was but a
skeleton government and under the
forms prescribed might, with entire pro
priety, in its own good time, enter into a
convention with Spain to the exclusion of
the United States. He argued that the
republic of Cuba should be recognized by
treaty, the initiative to be taken by the
President, as is his lawful right, thereby
making n case for ourselves which na
tions of the world could not question. He
outlined the disagreement probable be
tween the two houses and guardedly
hinted at the c ference which would be
necessary, and from which the represen
tatives of all parties united, and which,
in the ligiu of history now making, would
stand the assaults of international law.
Aldrich of Rhode Island said that, while
he could not vote for a resolution em
bodying recognition of independence, he
believed that in some way — somehow — a
resolution would, during the next forty
eight hours, be presented that would be
satisfactory to the President, to Congress
and to the people.
The vote on Davis' motion to strike out
all after the resolving clause of the
House resolution and insert the Senate
resolutions as amended was carried by a
vote of 60 to 28. The detailed vote follows:
Ayes— Allen, Bacon, Baker, Hate, Berry. But
ler. Cannon. Chandler. Chilton. Clark. Clay,
Cockrell, Cullom, Dan'el, Davis, Faulkner,
Foraker, Gallinger. Hansbroush. Harris. Heit
feld. Jonps or Arkansas. Jones of Nevada.
Kenny. Kyle, Lindsay, Lodpe, McEnery. Mc-
Laurin. Mallory, Mantle. Martin. Mason. Mil!?.
Mitchell, Money, Morgan, Murphy. Nelson,
Pasco, Penrose. Perkins. Pettiprew. Pettus,
Proctor. Quay. Rawllns. Roach, Shoup, Smith,
.Stewart, Teller. Thurston. Tillman. Turley,
Turner. Turpie, Vest. White. Wolcott— €o.
Noes— Aldrich. Allison. Burrows. Caffery,
Carter, Deboe. Elkins, Fairbanks. Frye, Gear,
Gorman, Gray, Hale. Hanna, Hawley, Hoar,
Mcßride, McMillan. Morrill, Platt of Con
necticut, Platt of New York. Pritchard, Sewell.
Spooner. Warren, Wellington, Wetmore and
Wilson— 2B.
Hoar then took the floor. He said he
could not vote for the resolutions as
I amended, because they undertook to rob
the President of a constitutional prerog
ative. Furthermore, to carry the reso
lution into effect the American forces in
I Cuba would be under the command of
the Insurgent officers. Otherwise the
! presence of our troops there would be
j hostile to the insurgents. Hoar's speech
I was the last display of oratory of the
. day.
At five minutes past 9 the third and
i final reading of the resolution as amend
, ed was begun.
Immediately afterward came the ques
tion: "Shall the resolution pass?" There
! was a general demand for an aye and no
expression on the question, and a roll call
was ordered. It proceeded in the midst
lof a profound calm. Not a single pair
j was announced. All the Senators, with
the one exception of Waltball, were pres
ent, and he had released Spooner from
j his engagement to pair with him. The
| roll call resulted in the passage of the
resolution by the vote of 67 to 21, as fol
lows:
Aye?— Allen, Baron, Baker. Bate, Berry, But
ler. Cannon, Carter, Chandler, Chilton, Clark,
Cockrell, Cullom, Clay, Daniel, Davis, Deboe,
Faulkner. Foraker, Frve, Gallinger. Gear, Gor
man, Gray. Hansbrough, Harris, Heltfeld.
Jones of Arkansas. Jones of Nevada, Kenny,
Kyle, Lodge, Lindsay. McEnery, McLaurin,
Mallory. Mantle, Martin, Mason, Mills,
Mitchell. Money, Morgan. Murphy, Nelson,
Pasco. Penrosp, Perkins, Pettiprew, Pettus,
Proctor, Quay, Rawllns, Roach. Shoup, Smith,
Stewart, Teller, Thurston, Tillman, Turley,
Turner, Turpie, Vest, Warren, Wilson, Wol
cott—67.
Noes — Aldrich. Allison, Burrows, Cattery.
Elklns, Fairbanks. Hale, Hanna. Hawley,
Hoar, Mcßride. McMillan, Morrill, Platt of
Connecticut, Flatt nf New York, Pritchard,
Sewell, Spooner, Wellington, Wetmore, White
—21.
There was some confusion, hut no dem
onstration, when the result was an
nounced.
The title and preamble of the Senate
resolution were then substituted for the
House title and preamble without divi
sion.
Davis moved that the Senate insist upon
its amendments and ask for conference.
This request was met with cries of "No,
no." and it was soon made manifest that
many Senators considered that there was
a possibility that the House would con
cur with the Senate resolution if this
' motion were not entered in the Senate.
• Upon this suggestion Davis withdrew hi*
j motion and in its stead entered a motion
I to adjourn.
Before the motion was put and an
; pounced at 9:15 p. m. that the Senate ad
journ till Monday at 10 a. m., half
i the Senators had left their seats, and
: fifteen minutes afterward the great white
Capitol, which had been such a scene of
life and such a center of interest for the
i long day. was deserted by all save the
i newspaper workers and a few employes.
HOUSE AND SENATE
WILL COMPROMISE
It Is Believed That Both Houses May-
Agree Not to Recognize the
Insurgents.
WASHINGTON, April 16.—Technical
ly the House resolution has been ac
cepted by the Senate with all after the
enacting 1 clause stricken out, and the
text of the Senate resolution substi
""n^™— ■,■■■■■■■■■■■■ ■■ lii "Till rn'iii "i 7 mm\mnZ7"^
UITHERII AWAVT
11l Have you ever seen a tree that was withering ?It is almost |] i
111 always a stunted tree. It has not been properly used. It has not H jj
111 been attended to sensibly. If the soil about it had been loosened up | §
lllor a little more wa er supplied it would probably be strong and | 1
111 vigorous. How many men are like the tree? Worn out by indiscre- I I B
ill tions, filled with gloomy feelings and generally small in the develop- i 1 P
111 ment of their v a organs — the heart even shrunken at times — they S j I
111 wither away. And, like the tree, it is a slow but a sure process. 1 I |
111 Years ago the Hudsonian doctors discovered a remedy for this peculiar 111
111 class of disease — it is a disease. The remedy is "Hudyan." In the 111
111 few years that it has been used it has made over 20,000 men, who ill
111 were withered, full of life again. If you are weak in any way write I 1 1
I II and ask about it. All you want to know is told you freely and gladly. j I I
111 See what a few of those who have been treated say. No charge at all. i 1 I
111 | CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS FREE. | .1 I
. | | | "Hudyan" will make you young as the green bay tree. By | I ]
111 marvelous power it is enabled to do what you may think impossible. 1 1 |
I II But when you feel the fire and vitality that you once had, when you || | |
111 had not depleted your system, you will. say that it is good to be alive 1 | I
II I again and to enjoy what good things there are in the world. You | 1 I
II I can consult the Hudsonian doctors, without a particle of expense, on 1 j |
I II everything. No such good advice on this continent. I j 1
I I I IQTCM ! .Small ulcers in the mouth, hair gray too soon or I | |
| S I LIOILIiI falling out, copper-colored spots mean that your fj j |
II blood is contaminated in some way. "30-DAY BLOOD CURE" 1 |
I will alter that. It will drive the poison from the system promptly. II
I " These circulars are free, too. If you have reason to believe you I i
| | • have a trace of poison you should J| I
/ niiL I I mii ,JH^2
/ ''MtiIMCT WBBSBBBMUmatOK^Sm kahaiim<axv&sem mST^ ji-ari-^ngfc^CT gaga; - :sia;.g:KT»^J
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets.
SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
# ipBBBHIBfI — '1c
j^ — H^^^^^^» — — *
Special Bargains
FOR THIS WEEK.
New and Dainty Wash Fabrics.
AOl -„ a 5 cases CORDED DIMITIES in dainty col-
1 Zoli varH orin^s and effects, fast colors, actual
X £*A<L\J ydiu. value 20c.
A tis\ a 5 cases PRINTED ORGANDIES in new
I rlf j-vni»rf and st y lis colorings in small and
\J\J yara. medium effects, at 15c.
AOl r* a 5 cases of 36-inch PERCALES in plaids
1 /9li vnrri and stri P es . fast colors, warranted,
K6mA£\j yara. a n new styles.
A Ol a 3 cases of COVERT SUITINGS In all the
IZ2C yard. new sprin * shades -
OA a 5 cases 36-inch FINE MADRAS CLOTH In
Za\jPj vnrd over 100 styles, in the most beautiful
v^ yara. colorings in plaids,checks and stripes.
EXTRA! EXTRA!
nTI * i_ 10 ° dozen LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT
/rtlP. each. WAISTS in checks and plaids, best
■ *Jr\J styles, well made.
Od * a 250 dozen Children's Fast Black and Ox-
/IIP '*,««« Blood Cotton Hose, double heels and
£Jl\J\J pair. toes, sizes 5 to B^, extra good quality,
well worth 35c.
tuted. That -will now go back to the j
House and the question will come on i
concurring in the Senate amendment to
the House resolution. The House will
vote to non-conoir and a conference
will be ordered. The majority of the
conferees on the part of the House will
be in favor of the House resolutions, |
and will stand out for them. The con- '.
ferees on the part of the Senate will :
stand out for their resolution. The
first report will robably be a disagree
ment and each house will then have an
opportunity to recede from its position.
Neither is expected to do so and further
conferences will be ordered.
The indications are that the final re
sults will be a compromise. After the
decisive majority by which the House
resolution was defeated in the Senate
it is not believed that body will accept
and the Republican majority of the
House is equally determined not to take
the Senate resolution in the form in
which it was adopted.
Speaker Reed gave his assurance to
Senators who consulted him to-day that
the House would never agree to resolu
tions recognizing the present so-called
republic of Cuba. I have talked with a
large number of leading Republicans in
the House to-day representing all
shades of opinion and I find that oppo
sition to recognizing the present gov
ernment has been greatly strengthened
by arguments which have been made in
the Senate during the last few days.
Senator Spooner's speech yesterday
was particularly effective in this direc
tion. The weight of opinion among Re
publican representatives was that the
resolution that would be finally agreed
to by both housea would be substan
tially the same resolution as reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations
without the Foraker amendment recog
nizing the pres<-.it so-called government
of Cuba.REVIEW OF
AFFAIRS OF
THE IRISH
J. J.Clancy, M. P., Tells
of Mrs. Parnell's
Funeral.
United States Embassador \
Hay Sends a Beauti
ful Floral Tribute.
Only Teiling That Americans
Should Remember the Child
of "Old Ironsides."
6YMPATHY OF THE CELTS.
They Are With Uncle Sam in the
Pending Controversy, and Per
haps War, With Spain.
By J. J. CLANCY.
DUBLIN. April 2.— Mrs. Parnell, the
uother of the great Irish leader, was
juried yesterday in the same plot as
contains the remains of her son in
Glasnevin Cemetery on the northern
outskirts of this <ity. The venerable
lady died at the ancestral home of the
Parnell family in Avondale, County
Wlcklow, early in the past week, of
heart disease consequent on injuries by
burning:. She was sitting- at the fire
in the study, when some cinders flew
on her clothes and set them aflame,
and being somewhat feeble she was
unable either to extricate herself or
call for help In time. The result was
her death after a couple of days' suf
f>ring. As a matter of course, the
• has excited in Ireland considera
ble feeling, and the funeral yesterday,
rdingly, was attended by a very
larere concourse of citizens of Dublin
and of people from the country.
It will be of special interest to nmer- j
to know that among the floral
tributes of r> speet paid to the deceased
was a wreath placed on the coffin by
American Consul in Dublin at the '
st of Colonel John Hay, the j
United States Embassador in London, j
Tlie explanation, of course, of this act I
of courtesy lies in the fact that Mrs.
ell'a father was Commodore Stew
art, or, as he was called, "Old Iron
sides," of the American navy. It was
after this grandfather, I may add, that I
Charles St. -wart Parnell was called.
Mrs. Parnel] herself lived a eonsidera- |
ble portion of her life in the United >
States, and did not live there alto
gether a private life. She was a very
Intelligent and active-minded woman, i
and it was from hpr undoubtedly that {
her most distinguished son derived his i
Intellectual qualities. The Parnell fam- !
lly have certainly not been very for- j
tunate. In addition to the premature
death of Charles Stewart Parnell and
the somewhat tragic death of his
mother, the family estates are, I regret
ly, gravely, if not hopelessly, In
cunabered, and even the family man-
Bion at Avondale seems in danger of
passing into the hands of strangers,
y.t there has scarcely ever been a I
family which deserved better of their
countrymen.
Charles Stewart Parnell was only!
the la^t >if it.s members who were dis- !
tinguished as patriots. Sir John Par- j
noli. Chancellor of the Irish Ex
chequer, was one of those members of
the Irish Parliament who resisted all
sorts of bribes and intimidation to
make him vote for the Union in ISOO.
William Parnell, one of the members j
for Wicklow, was one of the most j
prominent advocates o-f Catholic eman
cipation in the early years of the cen
tury, and the role he filled was taken
up with even greater effect later on by j
Sir Henry Parnell, one of the members j
for Queens County. It would, assur- :
edly, br- a pity if such a stuck were to
be heard of no more in the history of
Ireland, though, Indeed, the fate of
Charles Stewart Parnell is not one cal
culated to induce those belonging to it
to follow In his footsteps.
Another very prominent personage in
Irish life has passed away this week in I
the person '>f Sir John Arnott. That!
gentleman was not, however, an Irish- |
man at all, hut a Scotchman who came I
to und settled in Ireland many years
ago, and not only made a vast fortune,
but spent it liberally in the country of
his adoption. Commerce was :is line,
and he founded and continued till his
death to own a considerable Interest in |
drapery houses in Dublin and Cork.
But he did not confine himself to
commerce, popularly so called. Ho pur-
Cha^d several years ago the Dublin
newspaper known as the Irish Times, I
which under his ownership has ad- j
vanced to the front rank among Irish ;
newspaper enterprises. In his later life :
he aspired to the position of an Irish
country gentleman, and bought the j
Bandon (County cork) estates of the j
Duke of Devonshire for a sum amount- j
Ing almost to a quarter of a million
sterling. His popularity, especially in (
<oik, was great, and it was the more
rkable as he differed in politics
from the majority of the Irish people.
•;•■ was a conservative of a very
unaggressive and unoffending type, and
his public benefactions were always on
a very liberal scale.
lie was for a short time a member of
Parliament as representative of the
small borough of Kinsal<\ and while at j
Westminster he linked his name with
at least one considerable and mest ben
eficial reform— that of the boarding out
of pauper children. Up to tins- time fV "°
children of the poor in the Iris'i work
houses were brought up with theii i«...
ents in those institutions and were
d very badly. Owing to his ex
ertions an act of Parlfament was
■1. owing to which ever since they
been boarded out at the public
c with such farmers in the coun
try as have been willing to take them,
•■■nil the result has been most beneficial.
This was not the only proof of his prac
tical solicitude for the poor. At one
time he kept his ship-bull. ling yards In
Cork open for a considerable time at a
loss for the benefit of his om
: J . who would otherwise W itli their
families, have been left penniless and ;
homeless. He was the first also to pro- i
pose and set about carrying into exe
cution a plan for the better housine of
the Irish poor. About fifteen years atro
he bought large tracts of land in the
neighborhood of Dublin in which he
built hundreds of comfortable homes
for artisans. About the same time he
offered to cleanse the River Liffey free
of cost to the citizens of Dublin thoueh
nothing came of the proposal. He was
also an enthusiastic sportsman and
won the first "ocean yacht race" be
tween Dublin and Queenstown. No
THE EMPORIUM.
THE Bz/n{GAlo\[ SECTlON— that's our innovation this week. An entire section back of the rotunda has been fitted tip for and will be
devoted entirely to special sales of all kinds. Only goods pronouncedly low-priced— in fact, the best bargains in the store— will be offered in this section.
Never leave the store without seeing what's going on in THE BARGAIN SECTION.
Best Groceries
Specially Priced.
For three days' selling—
Monday, Tuesday and Wed-
nesday.
If you are not familiar with our way
of selling; groceries you would consider
most of our regular prices 'Special"
upon comparing them with the prices
t iat you have teen paying. For daily
specials see large card in grocery show
window.
Fancy Creamery Butter — none
better at any price — for the
three days, per square 35c
15 bars Babbitt's Soap 50c
loose Cluster Raisins— B lbs
for 25c
Best Evaporated Peaches — reg-
ularly I2"c Ib— 4 lbs 25c
Babbitt's '76 Washing Powder
— large size — Mb pkgs ... 7c
lib cans Salmon, "choice
goods" 7c
Imported Sardines, with key. 7c
Grocery Dep't— Main Floor-
Telephone— South s!>.
Valenciennes Laces
Now in Demand.
And we have the pr?mi?r stock on
thecoas:. ITALIAN, NORMAN DV
AND FRENCH V ALENCIENNhS,
in butter, cream or white — all widths
to m itch— insertions to mateh — also
Beamings.
Valenciennes Lace Edgings at 20c,
30c, 40c, 50c, 6oc, 75c, 80c per dozen —
insertion to match.
Normandy Valenciennes Laces —
i\-inch 21^-inch 3-inch
sc. Be. ioc.
4-inch 5-inch 6-inch
I2 I ,C. ISC. 2OC.
All-Lin?n Machine Torchon Lace —
i-inch ijj-inch 2-inch
sc. Be. ioc.
2^-inch 3^-inch 4^- inch
15c. 20c. 25c.
A Spring
: *& Carpet Sale.
• /ik*A Wik-». Hundreds of rolls of Carpet in new.
1 y^a ft**?\ designs have been arranged and priced
' \ mW / nr V \ to mike this sale cne long to be re-
< >/n»\ J?\ L membered by economical house-fui-
\AJy;| //[Ju^X nishers.
/^rlil^ C<s^*k\ M 75c for ooc Tapes- 76; for $1.10 Hilton
> ; \'n\%hss try Carpet. Velvet Carpet.
/ \ V\L ** 9f>A\ I 52^c for 75c Ta- $1.35 for $1.75 Big-
1 / ti\ ■> $■' 'v% \\ I pestrv Carpet. elovv Axminsters.
fl t /^<p'* " 111 95C lor * r -35-. 57MC tor 75c ln-
/ MV 010 1 Wt» "1 I Body Brussels. grain Carpets.
/ w.)jpj.. "^ T nc prices incluie lining and put-
/[ • Wjl.i-j.i ittzU— ' tin down. .. ..
' H^l 111 .I'llll illlllll fiSwT Odd lot of Roxburys, that if pat-
si ''\ \ .1" .In 4 ■''.-" terns and assortments were rp r
"l '. 1 complete would be Si — to close vIOL
500 Smith Moqu^tte Rugs — size 27.X
■' 54 inches— $3 the regular q>t qf
— this week vj>l« J
San Francisco's Very
Best Furniture Bargains.
Just half a dozen of this week's offerings mentioned h?re —
1 a hundred others equally as good in our great second-floor f urni-
[ ture store.
o^yijp^fl Not how cheap, but how good. This is not
'"T^AL^JT the che.pest iron t-eJ that we have, but is a $10
• /J I \ bed for f6 50. Has brass-tipped artistically
, L_^*?nrSi-J ( /\JJLLo wrou ' nt * ron curved ends, with ex- <£/r pa
1 p>?VrP"' |^—^^-4 tended footboard. Very cheap at... vDO.3U
jy^^^^l*^^ maple, bright and ,jv^^,ll//
' Q C cheerful, well made (I Q.. * if \f/
and finished, plen.y IL^^~~~~~—Ji
\ K^_(j-— v-Hit °f convenient pigeon-holes. — —^^^
\ " * • -" V The price this week <tA T n:^==F^s=ss^i2^
if "^1 a great inducement mW. / 3 ==>pSCiB«H^ :K^sS
F= r ==T= Bookcase, just like picture, ' f
•'. I. solid oak and well finished, L
'■ -'- L^ "2 A feet wide, 5 feet high, de- '\ ||
.■ 1 — ceptive as to room, holds twi c r^**~*^; [r— — -1
' as many books as you v/ould j -^Hji ■i—
' •' >^-.^ / think, can be folded rlosely \ ' (JLss- *" —^] ■
I- ■ |^ for shipmenr, this «ye- J-<=^>- ll^- '
■ week for CJ> 3. / J
P» 1^ ' This is a picture of a highly polished
p| r— beautifully decorated quartered oak rL^^y^O
yIU 4J Rocker, which sells regularly for If AZm-' I
«4 50. Reduced this week <ym lVv___S I
only to vj/«j«^vj. il^nr F "if I
_~--*-_ This HanJsome, \\ || n I
ji^^^^SV) i/^(V Well-Made Up- To- UJftl \f L===^
& JpHDIhLHL Date - Parlor Set °,f, f KllliW
llilM fP^I? 5 Pieces, covered WlfflUlUiMfA'
feZ^3iUEffisSi t l^?^! in the popular wide (§[oC~^>3
■:■■■■-■■■£.*■■■ wa le corduroys, all t\ s^^^=T\
U 1 !i I U-- = » spring edges and no l)/7\53!ef=p=^n
I*- -" hard places, regu- v{ y^^. n
r^^^R *)*T^r lar at 535, this week \Vn
litiViiiiju JlllilL- only^7^7^
•^ ," rp h r i nUg^i?f^s^|^^n U g^i?f^5^|^^
edges, deep tufted upholstering, covered in rich fjf^^T^^Sr^^^t^t
imported English corduroys, regular CIX 7 rr • Al " i C '^' n *'*'>
at f 25, this week only at CJ>U. / *>
Mail orders filled the -™- 4 ■— c rf JT\ *j A Wf% ri fTJk See Delorme's marvel-
2g£-<*. The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
wonder, therefore, that he was hon- i
nred in all directions. He was created
a Baronet by the Lord Lieutenant and !
was several times Mayor and High
Sheriff of Cork. As a matter of
fact also, his funeral in that city a few
days ago proved a rema:" able public
demonstration. He will undoubtedly
he a great publi<- ' ••<■•= ■»•*•* Ms ;
will not soon or easily be filled. What
effect his death wn, nave n ihe lush
Times is an interesting question.
Parliament, as far as Ireland is con
cerned, adjourned yesterday for the j
Easter recess, but for a whole week at i
least before it was pretty busy with
Irish affairs. Among other matters |
discussed was another Irish land bill. ■
The measure was a small one and
merely proposed to correct a few de
fects In the existing code; but it was
vehemently opposed by the represent- j
atives of the landlords and also by the
Government, and, of course, rejected.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
The entire stock on hand of the Wm. H. Burns Company, Worcester, Mass, (largest Lingerie Manufacturers
in this country), at 50 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR— thousand four hundred dozen (16,800) garments — not a
I bankrupt , stock or the leavings of the season, but new, clean, perfectly made goods straight to us from the
maker. Come prepared 1 to get choice garments made of fine muslins, at Bargain
Counter prices.
/pSt CORSET COVERS. LADIES' SKIRTS. LADIES' CHEMSIE.
f J^\*~ : iA\t¥itH 318 18c Corset Covers— low neck— ' ' 396 35C Fhnneiete Underskirts 15c 492 Ladies' $i Combination Che-
\^\ v-^S I CIV'^I all sizes— to a customer 5c - 600 75c Muslin Skirts— 6-inch hem mise— neck trimmed with 1ace...50c
Q'V-\rc\ /i\\ II 252 20c Corset Covers— high neck— —full wiJth and length 29c
AY rw & sizes 32 to 38 ioc 67285 c Muslin skirts, trimmed with Children's Colored Dresses
AY f) A*\\ iN if' ** 276 25c Corset Covers— high neck— lace 50c .. . n , .  .<
t|^pi//XM\v ' . 32 to 40 15c 708 $1.50 Lawn Skirts— 5 yards Adjoining ■ {Musltn Underwear
\lj////7\\Y •ii :>;;. - : . wide— 14 inch umbrella ruffli 80c 7>/»7c A extranrdinarv sbeciah
)) ■ y/J Wi LADIES' GOWNS. 360 52 Lawn Skirts-6 yards wWe Uep tS 4 specials.
/ • r>A VW\ "" S 150 Colored 50c Flannelette Dresses
lrU\ 1200 Ladies' 75c Gowns— well made nRAWFPQ —ages 2, 3, 4— special bargain.. 39c
/ylJ^^_^J(rr^A —;ood muslin— all sizes 50c mv%wi-iuj. J24 $I-25 Plaid Dresses— silesi,.
OttJ ' XX ■ ' 924 Laaies' $1 Gowns— all sizes.. 60c 1524 pairs Splendid 50c Drawers— lined throughout— ages 2. 3, 4... 75 c
7//7'? l nX 828 Ladies' fi. 50 Gowns— cambric tucked and deep embroidery 25c 108 $2 All-Wool Wash Dresses—
--—r^^-ziLrzs^ l^ or muslin 85c 1224 pairs of 50c Drawers — deep waist and sleeves lined — all colors
- i**-i-Zr~Z/r~'i **-i-Zr~Z/r~' 1944 Extra Fine Gowns of bestmus- hemstitched ruffli of cambric... .2sc —ages 2,3,4 $1.00
>//?y lin or cambric— 14 s yles to choose 1332 pairs 60c Cimbric Drawers— 132 $2.50 All-Wool Dresses— waist
from— worth from 51.75 to $2.25.. umbrella ruffle— edged with em- and sleeves lined, yoke and cuffs
1 • $1.00 broidery 39c trimmed— ages 2, 3, 4 $1.50
Extraordinary Sale of Embroideries.
Undoubtedly the choicest and most extensive selection of fine Embroideries ever brought to
this coast, comprising NAINSOOK, SWISS, CAMBRIC AND JACONETS— aII the new designs,
! direct from St. Gall, Switzerland, now on show, made expressly for fine Underwear, Baby Dresses, J$K.
Organdie Suits — in all widths to match, including insertions and skirtings, dainty patterns on sheer ymlP^K /^M&b
cloth, pretty Valenciennes edged embroideries and applique effects. /f/lf/P \v / ®MP
Pattern Suits of Swiss Flouncing, with embroidery and waist trimming, for a complete suit, / iv^?A
are one of the latest features at $10, $11 and $12. per suit. / J <^S » \f/S
The first great sale in the new "Dargain section" opposite the Book Department will be this / , 7. "^%^
! special Embroidery offering. /-\ yv, •..*..'-•• *^>° ifc?\
Read the Special Sale Prices. ll^^^^ iMli
3500 yards Cambric Embroidery, on 2500 yards Cambric Embroideries — 3500 yards Cambric Embroideries, Xflyßy 23&§&*^&£' '.'•'**• 11l \"
good cloth — pretty edges— from i>^ a large selection of patterns on on sheer cloth— new patterns— 15 __ <^§*^ J^J' J ''''r vW
to 2»4 inches wilei le 3c yard good cloth— from 2^ to 5 inches styles— worth 30; 20c yard • . hh ■ "v ' '^pjL'.'V -."\
4000 yards Cambric Embroideries— wide 10c yard ~H^ !^ — '. — l^=f--'* *'-'\
agood quality — select patterns — 8c — // \ ' ' " "j* f" 7 " \-i«-i\
value 5c yard 1900 yards Cambric EmbroiJeries— " A'big lot of wide and narrow Em- -■_; \^\JH*
3700 yards Cambric Embroideries — a choice assortment of gODd qual- broideries, from 1% to 9 inches
2to 3 inches wide— very desirable ity in all widths from iv; to 6 wide — select styles — worth 35c
patterns 714 c yard inches 15c yard yard ...» 25c yard
Nor is it likely that another Irish land
bill will be passed for a considerable
time to come. The present govern
ment is not, of course, naturally dis
posed to pass land bills for the benefit
of the tenants of Ireland, and the re
port of the last Royal Commission ap
pointed to inquire into the working of
the Irish land code will stand as a per
manent barrier against a land bill de
signed for the benefit of the landlords.
The commission in question — known as
the "Fry Commission" — consisted of Sir
Edward Fry. an ex-Judge of the Eng
lish High Court; of Dr. Traill, a rep
resentative Irish landlord, as well as
a fellow of Trinity College; Mr. George
Fottrell, a crown official, supposed to
be in sympathy with the tenants; of a
Scotch tenant farmer and an English
land valuator and auctioneer. The com
mission was appointed at the Instance
of the landlords, and the expectations
entertained in regard to it by the land
THE EMPORIUM. |
Hosiery and
Underwear.
250 dozen Ladies' 40-gauge Black
Cotton Seamless Hose — spliced heels
and toes, stainless fast black — worth
20c a pair — to-morrow anJ un- I^l^
til sold I^_C
3oodoz'n Boys' Black Ribbed Cot-
lon School or Bicycle Hose double
knees, heels and toes fast b:ack —
sizes 6 to 10 — woith 25c a pair— «q
to-morrow and until sold I"C
40 d<-zen of La-
dies' Ecru Cotton . .. • jj^h '
low neck and " ; s*" w
sleeveless "Onei- >?•♦ >p
ta" Union Suits, \*j f
ordinarily sold at y^ I
50c — to- morrow and «v#; jv
while they oc A^&^m
last JJC / |Ja*.«i :«\ \
ioodrzen Ladies' / vV^'lJ/W \
Fancy Cotton and/ / \>W\ • 1
Lisle Thread Vests \AJsisfA ))]
—low neck and ,^j itiV^vX '/
sleeveless — worth MUll WW\
35c — to-morrow and "' ' \\\\l//
while they r J
last at aUL
In the Model
Book Store.
Great inducements this week
for book-lovers and people who
are forming libraries. The 28c
books are the most remarkable
book bargain we have ever seen.
750 volumes of Selected Classics,
Modern Lit rature and Fiction.
»'; i2mo. gilt top, polished buckram,
elaborate side and back, stamps in
gold, 70 titles by such leading
authors as
Calrie Doyle Stevenson Duchess
Ebors Klnsslcy Lytton Werner
De Balzac Marlitt Meredith OoYelil
Reade Bronte Hupro Allea
Eliot Scott . Irvlnsr Wood
Carlyle Duiniis Ohnet Helmburg
Publisher's: price i.co, special -^C r
price this week -£OL
600 volumes of "Handy Volume"
Classics, i6mo. doth, stamped in
silver, 50 titles by prominent authors,
publisher's price 35c, special t*y
price this' week I^l*
Nelson's Bold - Typs Teachers'
Bibles, with illustrated helps, pub-
lished at $2.00, special this <tg i/\
week... gH.lv
Large assortment of Oxford Teach-
ers' Bibles, Revised Bibles and De-
votional Literature.
A few copies lejt only of the Baxter's
Teachers' Bibles, at $1.10 and $1.40,
which had such a large run since we
itarted our 'Bible sale.
lord body were correspondingly great.
But the verdict of the commission ns
embodied in its report published a short
time ago has been a great disappoint
ment to both sides. It is virtually a
verdict against the landlords. These
latter had formulated a terrific indict
ment against the administrators of the
land acts, and the Commissioners have
practically said to that charge, "Not
guilty." This pronouncement closes
the controversy for years to come, at
least so far as the landlords are con
cerned, for, when their own represent
ative in the commission pronounces
himself against them in the main poini,
it is vain for them to endeavor to keep
the controversy alive. The best thing
they can do now is to sell out to their
tenants, and, if they sell at present,
they will have an opportunity of doing
well for themselves which may not re
cur. The reason Is that they will be
paid in Government land stock, which
THE EMPORIUM.
Dress Goods
at 25c Yard.
'Busy times these in the Dress
Goods sections — Sales more than
double last season's — Custom-
ers thoroughly satisfied — Large
quantities to select from — Qual-
ities to be depended upon—
Styles that are right — Prices
that no one finds fault with.
36-inch all-wool Serges in navy and
black only— The present import cost
of the cloth in case quantities is 37HC
yard— think what the differ-^ f» r
ence will be later on— Now only •"^^
37-inch English Tweed-effect Suit-
ings—in 0 different mixtures — 'ij?.
This week they are yours at... ~^^
36-inch Raised Crepon Effects and
Melange Mixtures — 7 styles— Entirely
new and very stylish — This^c^,
week at XJC
Some Big
Glove Bargains
Await you Monday if we only
have your size — four lots go on
sale to close them out — color
assortments and lines of sizes
not complete, so instead of
$1.25 or $1.50 your choice for
90c pair.
3-clasp Kid Gloves— staple colors.
4-button Kid Gloves — pearl, cutter and
white.
5-hook Kid G'oves — white and cream
only.
Special Sale
Oxford Ties.
B^ginnin? Mon lay morning— two
lines Summer Footwear — Oxfords —
new, nice an ! nobby.
Ladies' Fin; Vici Kid Oxford Ties—
{$§>{ silk vest n top —
1 l^3y\ new style last and
L 5& \_J .to:— we -have them
Arrrrr^^ f/ in both black and
l^^S^_^v \J cho obte colors.
\^p-Nv3^J>-— -^ This is a shoe sold
**' — -"^^ regularly from
52.50 to S3 a pair our price., Cl af
'"a'bunch'o'f '"""
SHOE BAR- J\ r\ st.
GAINS — Mond.y /K\ Zr\
morning we wi.l ( \j \se? A
place on sale over X^sT \H/7
500 pairs of Ladies' ___S^sSrJ
Oxord Ties — Ju- =^Q^/%/
liets, Prince Alberts '^ j ~z!Z^ "
in black . and tan *-*
with Louis XV and common-sense
heels— in tact all of our Ox'ords out-
side of our regular lines go in no
this sale at • cfOC
' Come early for this last lot— jour si?e
may be among them.
is now at a premium of 14 per cent.
The probability, on the whole, is that
they will now have sense. The ques
tion Is, whether the tenants will have
sense also and stand out for good bar
gains.
The interest here in the relations be
tween Spain and the United States is
very general and very great. Needless
to say. the Irish people almost univer
sally sympathize with the American
people, and that on two grounds:
First, they are naturally on the side of
the Cubans, who are struggling to be
free. "Haud ignara mail, miseris suc
currere disco." But above and beyond
the feeling in favor of Cuba is the feel
ing that the United States has been the
chief refuge of the exiled Irish for at
least half a century. Not that there is
not also a general sympathy, apart
from this present crisis, with Spain
too. Between Ireland and Spain there
has been a long historical connection.
THE EMPORIUM.
Men's 50c and 75c Neckwear
for 25c.
Only four to a customer.
A Neckwear bargain extraordinary fortunately came
our way — 300 dozen Men's Neckwear, new, bright, G2-2E3i§3
charmin? — made for this season's trade not one back *§«^i!&P
number or off-color tie in the entire lot. The shapes are
Tecks, Puffs, Four-in-Hands, Band Bows and Clubs. j«&v
They are identically the same quality and styles that you -W^w^vttsi
will find in first-class stores all over the United States. C^t^j ' l 7^ii->
There is not one that would be sold ordinarily for less >^j^at*^r^["^
than 50c, and many of them are 75c ties. We shall place ll^Tn^^^
them on sale to-morrow, Monday, April 18, and while they ]?tr¥v&*^A
last, at a uniform price of- i^2r\li4f*Ok
: . / 25c Each. • ISI^
Lain* tMMM^
Neckwear specials on center tabl« • ,
in Men's Furnishing Department.
San Francisco's Best
House-Furnishing Bargains.
The exact number that we have on hand of each piece is
given below. Early comers will not be disappointed. As soon
as a line is exhausted some equally attractive bargain will
a replace it. The sale is for (Mon-
<Ja z ~-~^ :=!i 30 only— i-burnerGas Stoves, extra
£i£ Z^l - — urj^ large burner guaranteed to give £a
u ***^~ -*=s^j satisfaction.... OcfC
Embossed Nickel-plated Tea-Kettles, -^S^SSv
like picture, with enameled wooden (^tfT^\
24 only— 3-quart size 64c r-. /^==^%
WTflf 24 only-2-quart size 57c V\|L'' li|l l]!^!rtC
V jj* 84 only— 6-quart Steel Enamel .*> 1 r Ur^v^SSS^
Lipped Saucepans, each aIC V*^^,/- ~y£
%^^l_~_^^> I 2° on .' v — 21^-quart Steel || =^ ===^
l^^^^^f Enamel Lipped Saucepans, each "C
' ~-^ 60 only— 6-quart Steel Enamel Ber- z^S^^r^
lin Saucepans, with tin covers, <je f^v^^p
IiI 'i' 1 " I'jji 100 — 4-quart Steel Enamel || _
r "ll'i I ' Pudding Pans, each HC
* I '-^
I ill 72 only— i-quart Steel Enamel f \
Buckets, with tin cover, bale n_ & _— O-^ L
handle, each HC • ffSSj^f
Sf^jiSfifi 58 only of the well-known safe and i. -( rl
W"s hMslh?/ economical i-burner Puritan Cf|^, |'. j7#
. -^"-- --J Oil stoves, each DUC. '■= - 1
House Furnishing Department-
Second Floor, Rear.
Spain was one of those countries to
which the Irish fled in droves in the
days of religious persecution and where
many of them rose to eminence. An
O'Donnell even at this day, I believe,
Is to be found in the Spanish Ministry.
But when it comes to a question of
choosing between Spain and the United
States there is no hesitation in the Irish
mind, and consequently most Irishmen
hope that if war breaks out Irish-
Americans will be found in the very
van of the army of the stars and
stripes. As yet no demonstrations have
taken place in Ireland on this matter,
but if war does break out demonstra
tions there will be and plenty.
The distress in the west continues
very acute, and the action of the Gov
ernment in regard to it very heartless.
The latter has not taken a single ex
ceptional step to relieve it which in
volves an expenditure of Imperial
funds. What they have done Is simply
THE EMPORIUM.
Men's Black
Worsted Suits.
At $10.00 we sell All-Wool
BLACK SUITS, stylishly made
from 18 - ounce Clay - weave
diagonal worsted suiting — the
coat may be cutaway or sack
as you prefer —
(x&s. the tailoring is
T^TH) equal to the best
vl \sl\ ready-to-wear suits
M j//f\ tnat you've kn*wn
v i^tX \-^ —^ c '' n ' n s are
— </ \ V^ double-warp Italian
j \ \ cloth guaranteed to
„ \ ) outwear the suit.
\-^\l Don't judge the
k R suits by the little-
' \ y ness of the price,
1 \ I but come in and
1! /I see them ar) then
II / • form your own con-
\\ i elusions. Not a $25
// A suit, but we believe
II / \ the best you tttf\
/ f\\ ever saw for 3)lvF
JJ&3 Our aim is to
<^ s^' make this one the
representative Clothing Depart-
ment of America — you can
deal with the utmost confidence,
and, under the vigorous new policy
now being perfected, we shall.
Special Sale
of Notions.
Corduroy Skirt Bindings — full
widths, good quality, in the following
shades — browns, grays, cardinal,
navys, greens (no black)— on o
special sale this Week — per yard. «JC
150 piec-s Black Real Mohair Trim-
ming Braid— No. 2 — on special sale
this week — per piece — 24 yards -jf
200 pairs Misses' Frilled Edge Elas-
tic Side Hose Supporters — on tf\
special sale this week — per pair. IvFC
1500 pieces White Finishing Braids
in a large assortment of patterns — on
special sale this week — per piece. f» '
Two special lines of Ladies' Leather
Belts— colors black, reds, greens, tans
and browns— special sale this 'JK^
week at 20c ani
to authorize the local authorities to
spend some money in giving relief to
the most destitute outside the work
houses and in starting some public
works. The money thus expended will
eventually come out of the pockets of
people, some of whom are themselves
not far removed from pauperism and
will hereafter form a crushing burden
on the smaller ratepayers. Besides, if
it were not supplemented by the ef
forts of charitable people both in Eng
land and Ireland it would be utterly
insufficient to meet the crisis which
has arisen. Fortunately, up to the
present those charitable efforts have
been on such a scale that no great dis
aster has occurred. The question is
whether they will be continued till this
year's potato crop has come to ma
turity or till the distressed people, most
of whom emigrate to England every
year for work, are able to earn the
means of subsistence.
56
SUNDAY APRIL 17, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION 0FF1CE.... . Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to £21 Stcven»on Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL {DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ". .;-- r.v J\c . •.■.-:"; }
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Balldlnft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlft£« Hon««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CIHCACO OFFICE Marquette Batldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 38T Hayes street, open until
9-.30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 613 Larkln street, open until Q-.30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 5291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, op«n until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk strwet, open
until 9-.30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranger in New York -
Columbia— "Shore Acrea "
California— "OM Lavender."
Alcazar— "The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown"
bco*b— "Pa rementa of New York."
llt oil— "Sin bad the Sniior."
Tlve-U— Concert Thursday afternoon,
Orrhei
V M C A. Hall— "The Pr.ssion Play."
lheCfentea- Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Centra] Park— Baseball to-day.
tlon Park Base tall to-day
rsing P. irk.
g— lnglealde Coursing Park.
El Campo Mnaic. dancing boating, fishing, every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By K. F. Clark— Thia any. April 18, Turkish Rugs, at 106
Grant avenue at - o'clock.
ByVonKheln .t Co.— lhuraday, April 28. Eeal Estate, at 636
Market strwt, at vi o'clock.
REPUBLICAN ORGANIZATIONS.
REPORTS of the proceedings at the meeting on
Friday evening of the Young Men's Kepubli
■i * lakland will be read with grati
fication by loyal Republicans throughout the State.
I he sentiment of the meeting was harmony and the
result was effective organization for campaign work.
Upward of 400 name, were signed to the ciub rolls
at the meeting, and it is believed that within a week
there wiil be 1000 members enrolled.
< Mil- of the influences most potent in establishing
■:y and bringing about so largo an enrollment
was the emphatic declaration of President Breed that
the league has not indorsed nor is working in the in
terest of any candidate for any office. "After the
State convention is over," he said, "we will get behind
all Republican candidates and work with all our
might for their election, but not until then. It is our
purpose now to build up a strong party organization,
loyal to Republicanism, but not to individuals striving
foi nomination."
Ihe true basis and scope of Republican action at
this time is expressed in that declaration. The time
has come for Republicans to begin in earnest and
with zeal the task of party organization, but the time
■ has not come for the nomination of candidates. In
dividual preferences for particular men must for the
present be laid aside so as to bring about a complete
union of all Republicans within the fold of the party
otganization. When that has been done a way will
have been made for securing to every member of the
party an equal opportunity to work inside the party
line's for the nomination, of his candidate. Thus the
majority will have a free and fair field for the ex
pression of its choice, and there will be no ill-feeling
in the ranks after the choice has been made.
To secure a full expression of the will of the major
ity of the working rank and file of the party is the
main object of urging a comprehensive organization
at this time. The county and State conventions
should represent the whole party and not a clique.
The nominations must be made by the untrammeled
delegates of the voters, and not from a slate made up
by the bosses in secret council. A free and fair field
for all Republicans will menu victory at the polls, but
boss domination, even in thi year of Republican su
premacy and prosperity, would endanger the victory
for protection and sound money which is so impor
tant, not only to the State, but to the nation.
For these reason- the effective work done in the
organization of the Young Men's Republican League
Club in Alameda County is a matter for general con
gratulations by Republicans. The example thus con
spicuously set should be promptly followed else
where. The Call has repeatedly urged the importance
of thorough organization at this time. Democrats
are already at work. Republicans cannot afford to
delay.
Doctors are having much debate over the state of
mind of one Lynn, whose attempt to kill his wife
brought him under official displeasure. The man was
pretending at first, but seems to have developed him
self into a genuine and saving state of lunacy. It is
impossible not to feel regret that science is not in
this instance permitted to ascertain the truth by
means of an autopsy.
Spanish papers are already claiming the first vic
tory in having made the United States come upon
ground desired by the Spanish. This is all too mod
est. Why should they overlook the glorious triumph
achieved when the Maine went down?
It is .remarked that few high in command in the
army are graduates of West Point. Nevertheless,
they have had a practical education in the art of war!
and some West Pointers still have this to acquire, and
good chance of doing so.
According to one Spanish authority there is not a
•soldier in bur army who will fight. If this is true we
are in a bad way. Let us continue to hope while we
:nay that the Spanish authority is in error.
The Queen Regent frets unnecessarily about al
lowing "tarnish put on the prestige of Spain." It
can't be done. There is no room for more tarnish.
Blanco says he would rather die than surrender.
Other good soldiers have felt the same way, and yet
changed their minds.
The powers are presumptuous in the threat to take
a hand in the present game. Not one of them has a
chip in the pot.
Nobody ever dreamed that even the exigencies of
war could result in Fitzhugh Lee's being called a
Yankee.
THE CAMPAIGN OF TREASON.
' ZHJ YEN in time of peace, with no war in sight,
it is held to be a crime to reveal the means of
— 4 a nation's defense, in the shape of concealed
batteries, mines, torpedoes and other effective pre
parations, the best use of which depends upon these
locations being known only to those whose official
authority puts upon them the responsibility of de
fense and offense.
Benedict Arnold's crime was less in the transfer of
his sword tp the enemy than in revealing to that
enemy the means by which a Government fortified
post might be surprised and taken. The potent pas
sion roused in France against Captain Dreyfus had
for its cause the charge, whether true or false, that
he had communicated the French means of defense
to Germany.
The Examiner has printed a chart of the entrance
to San Francisco harbor, with the location of its sub
marine defenses. Each one is indicated with pre
tended accuracy, and the information, being made
public, is put within reach of Spain for her use and
benefit if her fleets or privateers come this way. It is
not only a criminal act of bad faith, but an act of
treason and disloyalty. While it is highly probable
that the chart is a lie, a fake begotten in the innate
scoundrelism of yellow journalism, it is an indication
of what the country is to expect from the same source
during the war that is to come. A paper that would
sneak a reporter on an American man-of-war as
a stoker on her trial trip in order to gain a pretended
acquisition of knowledge to be used in a lying attack
upon her construction and efficiency is very natur
ally guilty of any form of treason to the Government,
even when the situation is grave and high interests
are at stake.
During war such a paper will bribe and suborn to
get at the confidential plans of campaign, the con
clusions of councils of war, the object of secret ex
peditions on land and sea, the policies of the Govern
ment and other grave matters, the revelation of which
embarrasses the administration and costs life and
treasure. The course of Hearst's two criminal pa
pers and of certain ruling members of the minority
in Congress make it plain to every loyal citizen that
in partisan desperation they hope for the defeat of
their country's arms and will contribute to it in
order to discredit the administration and make poli
tics for the fall elections. If this judgment seem
harsh those whose flagrant conduct and disloyal ut
terances justify it are responsible for it.
To make defeat probable they howled for war and
tried by lying to lash public opinion into fury at a
time when the country was so unprepared that it j
would have inevitably faced six months of defeat,
making unsuccessful war without ships, guns, com
missary, transports or powder. At the same time it
would have had the cost of offensive preparation
more than doubled.
But that is what the calamity howlers wanted.
They had shouted commercial disaster until nature
out of her bounty had proved them liars. Unable to
so destroy credit and confidence as to bring distress
upon their country in time of peace, they were willing
to bring it by plunging it into war unprepared. The
President restrained them until he could gain time
to prepare the nation. He has created a navy by
the purchase of ships abroad which could not have
been bought during war. because their sale would
have violated international neutrality under the rule
we established in the Alabama case. He has gained
time for the making of powder and ammunition, of
cannon, small arms, tents, equipments and trans
ports. He has organized the commissary, and with
almost incredible energy has put the country on a
war footing. His requital for this service is in vile
abuse, lying misrepresentation, heartless slander and
false ascription of motives which would have been
disgraceful to Xero at the zenith of his infamy.
When his preparations are complete these ill
wishers of their country are now trying to make
them inadequate by challenging Continental Europe
to combat by the form of Congressional declaration,
lie kept the issue where it might have been decided
by victory in a single action at arms against Spain.
They are trying to shift it to grounds where its de
cision by such action is hardly possible and where it
may be met by the most formidable alliance of mod
ern times.
He may be compelled to fight on the ground dic
tated by these calamity howlers, and, if so, they stand
ready to hamper him by every means that falsehood
and hypocrisy can use to destroy public confidence
and bring national calamity.
The Examiner is a worthy organ of such a combi
nation, and its early entry upon the field as a spy for
the enemy is in line with their policy.
WINE IN SOUTH AMERICA.
A SERIES of reports on the wine trade of South
American countries just received by the State
Department and published in Consular Reports
for April contain a great deal of information of in
terest to Californians generally which may prove of
value to our wine-makers by revealing to them the
conditions under which they may find a large market
for their produce.
The reports do not cover all South American
countries, but as those published were made in com
pliance with instructions from the department it is
probable that future reports will be made from coun
tries and ports now omitted. Enough is given, how
ever, to show that a large amount of wine is used
among the people of South America, and that the
United States has virtually notie of the trade.
Consul-General Townes reports from Rio 'Janeiro
that the use of table wines is very general throughout
Brazil among the rich and the poor, its use being re
garded as essential to health in that climate. He gives
statistics showing large importations from Europe,
but none from this country. The Consul at Para re
ports that the wine imported in that portion of Brazil
is mainly from Portugal, a fact which he attributes
to the natural preference of the Portuguese import
ers who control the wine trade there for the wines
of their own country.
Consul Dobbs reports from Valparaiso that the
United States has almost no trade with Chile in
wine. The largest importations from any one coun
try are from Great Britain. In 1895 there were re
ceived at Valparaiso from Great Britain red wine to
the value of $35.4.32 in bottles ai,d $2280 in barrels,
and white wine to the value of $71,926 in bottles and
$24,954 in barrels. Importations from France and
Germany followed closely after Great Britain in
value, while the United States appears with the record
of havinf furnished Valparaiso that year with the sum
total of $30 worth of red wine in bottles and none in
barrels.
The record runs very much the same at all the
ports from which reports have been received, and
these include, in addition to those named, Bahia,
Pcrnambuco. Iquique. Antofagasta and Paysandu.
The report from Iquique says: "Practically there is
no importation of United States wine. Small ven
tures in this line were made in 1891, during the revo
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
lution, when shipments were made from California.
The wine was of good quality, but the prices were so
high as to debar future orders. This may be ex
plained, perhaps, by the high rate of freights between
San Francisco and Iquique."
Whether it be the high rate of freights or not, it is
certain from these reports that a large market for
win« lies to the south of us and we are not getting
any of the benefits of it. It will be worth while for
our dealers to inquire more closely into the matter.
It ought to be possible to ship wine from San Fran
cisco to Chilean ports as cheaply as is shipped there
from Great Britain, particularly as the British have to
import the wine before they ship it.
A SUNDAY SERMON.
\A ATERIAL for a powerful sermon might be
/ \ found in the career of James D. Page, who on
Friday was sentenced by Judge Wallace to
serve eight years in Folsom prison for embezzlement.
A few years ago Page was a rising young lawyer in
San Francisco. He had influential connections and held
a respectable position among the members of the
legal profession. Like most young lawyers, he early
took a hand in politics, and, being "popular," his
large number of friends elected him to the office of
District Attorney.
His elevation to this position seemed to intoxicate
him. For a while he ran wild and his capacity Jo
discharge his duties was tried to the utmost. Prac
tically he made a failure of the District Attorney's
office, though no large scandals disgraced his admin
istration, nor were any great criminals allowed to es
cape through his negligence. This was due, it was
then said, to the efficiency of his deputies, wh*o, in
the various criminal departments of the Superior
Court, prosecuted his cases for him.
Upon the expiration of his term of office, however,
he turned up as an embezzler of the funds of an es
tate which had been entrusted to his care. As guar
dian of an insane man he had taken advantage of his
position to spend about $3000 belonging to his ward
in the saloons and other resorts of the tenderloin
district. He ran away to escape prosecution, but
could not stay, and finally returned to stand trial,
hoping that his friends would come to his rescue.
But, as in most such cases, his friends were fair
weather friends, and those who did succor him suc
ceeded only in paying a lawyer for trying his case.
The moral to be derived from Page's career, which
is thus terminated at the early age of 45, is neither
uncertain nor obscure. The flatteries ana 1 allure
ments of politics turned his brain completely. He
became intoxicated with success and he was unable
to withstand the incident prosperity. Perhaps he had
not been sufficiently seasoned for the ordeal, and yet
it would seem that at 35— Page's age when he became
District Attorney— a man who has had the advantage
of a legal education and some intercourse with the
world should have acquired sufficient sense to know j
that life in the tenderloin is not what it seems.
Some people will say, of course, that Page was a
fool; others will pity him and point the moral which
adorns his career; but the more wholesome judg
ment will be that he fell victim to a social system
which exacts from those who rise suddenly to the
surface in it the possession of sound qualities of mind
and heart. Page was weak and fell. Another man
with his opportunities might have achieved fame and
fortune.
THE CHEAP JELLY TRADE.
AN elaborate article in a recent number of the
New York Commercial gives an interest
ing account of the manufacture of cheap jellies
and preserves in the United States, from which it ap
pears that these articles arc made chiefly from dried
cores and skins of apples, known to the trade as
"waste." It is stated that about 130 factories are en
gaged in the business, with an annual capacity of
200.000,000 pounds output, and it is added, "This is
said to be a conservative estimate of the capacity, and
refers to cheap jellies alone."
Following the summary of the extent and magni
tude of the industry the article goes on to say: "There
is a mistaken impression abroad, due to the un
founded and ill-considered attacks of sensational
newspapers and boards of health, that these cheap
jellies are unwholesome and injurious." To refute
these alleged misrepresentations a statement is given
of the ingredients of the cheap jellies. These, it is
said, consist of the juices pressed from the apple
waste, glucose and "other pure substances according
to the nature of the product, viz., for raspberry jam,
dried raspberries; for blackberry jam, dried black
berries, etc."
"Glucose," continues this advocate of the cheap
jelly, "is the word that sticks in the craw of many |
people." He therefore quotes many authorities to
prove that glucose is not only a pure food, but one
of the best attainable. One of these authorities is
quoted as saying: "Glucose is pre-eminently a fat
forming, heat-producing food. Under a diet of glu
cose a man can perform more muscular work than
under any other single article of food. Glucose not |
only is not injurious, but it is an essential article of I
food, without which in some form man cannot enjoy
life."
Without questioning any of the statements of fact
in the article, there still remains a sufficient reason
why boards of health and newspapers that 'are not
sensational should continue their opposition to the
cheap jelly trade so long as it is conducted as at
present. The wrong lies in the fact that the busi
ness is carried on under something very much like
false pretenses. A mixture of apple waste, glucose
and dried raspberries is not raspberry jelly, and yet
it is under that title it is generally presented to the
public and sold to consumers. This is a manifest in
jury to the manufacturer of genuine raspberry jelly,
as well as a deception practiced on the buyer.
If glucose be really all that is claimed for it. if it
be true that a man can perform more muscular work
upon it than upon any other single article of food,
and if no man without it in some form can enjoy life,
then it should be sold under its own name so that
consumers may be sure that they are getting that
desirable substance. If good wine needs no bush,
why should good glucose need to masquerade?
It is certainly unfair to expect the manufacturers
of genuine fruit jellies and preserves to compete
against an output of the product of apple waste and
glucose which a conservative estimate places at about
200.000,000 pounds a year. Nor will the general pub
lic be easily persuaded that all the cheap jellies are
chemically pure and absolutely harmless. One kind
of deception readily leads to another, and in the
eagerness to make a cheap article there is no telling
what kind of stuff goes in with the "waste" and
blends with the mixture.
An American consulate in Spain has been attacked.
This act is on the same lofty and courageous plane
where the average Castilian seems to stand, his bosom
swelling with pride and his voice thunderous for
war.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Perhaps an apology is due "Pioneer,"
of whom I spoke last week. He has
written again, and in such a way as to
indicate that the sending of anony
mous letters is his worst fault. His
declaration that he will "vote himself
an old fool" is unduly harsh. On the
contrary he appears to be an old gen
tleman of kindly intent, led into meth
ods which do not meet with approval
because the same as adopted by the
meddler and the timid or malign mal
content. I can assure "Pioneer" that a
signed message from him would re
ceive consideration such as he can
never hope to get by a bombardment of
nameless effusions, however well in
tended.
• • •
Not long ago I noticed that an inte
rior paper had presented its saJutatory
under the label "Valedictory." Now
comes the new Press of Rlveria and
calls its bow "Salutary." With a feel
ing of frankness toward the craft I can
only express the hope that it may be so.
* • •
Some papers have affirmed that the
war scare was raised as a deliberate
scheme to sell a lot of old ships to the
Government. I would not call a person
making such a statement a fool be
cause he might be only a liar, nor a
liar because he might be only a fool.
Besides I have a liking for benignity
of expression. But supposing, for the
sake of argument or anything else,
that the charge is true, every plotter
should be hanged, and the carcass of
him pelted mellow by bricks.
It had been hoped that the Craven
woman had got out of sight for keeps,
but she bobs up again, as usual the
central figure in an unsavory episode.
It will be remembered that she was re
tained as a teacher long after the fact
was known that she was utterly unfit
to have the direction of the young, or
to associate with them, and at last per
mitted to resign from a position in
which she had been a disgrace to the
schools and to the community. I hear
tily wish she had secured enough of
Fair's money to have taken a fifty
years" tour of Europe.
• • •
Collis P. Huntington has reached
nearly four score. He is a large man,
physically and financially, wonderful in
his industry, unutterably selfish, sordid
beyond expression. He says we have
Ino occasion for war with Spain. Per
haps it is presumptuous in me to take
| issue with a person who can command
a million dollars as readily as I could
I command a nickel, and who would
I cling to the nickel as I might to the
million. But I cannot shake off a be
lief that Huntington is a disgrace to
the land which produced him. To my
mind he lacks no essential of the traitor
save the courage to risk hanging. I
do not say this in anger that he has
more unearned money than any indi
vidual has a right to possess, but
because I have no respect for a man
who thinks more of a dollar than of
his country, his soul, and his God. I
object to his statement because it is
cowardly, un-American and untrue. If
we have no occasion to flght Spain then
never did nation armed in righteous
1 ness go against nation since the be
■ ginning of the world. For half a cen
i tury Spain has arrogated to herself the
'■ privilege of capturing and killing
, Americans. For this she has scarcely
j been rebuked, and a shame has been
i put upon us under which the people
! have chafed. But laying aside the
| past, even the murder of the crew of
j the Yirginlus, a recent event as his
| tory goes, the last few weeks have fur
nished ample cause. When the Maine
was sunk a whisper of fear went
', around that if another ship were sent
j to Havana it, too, would go to the bot
! torn of the harbor. That the whisper
was heeded was due to the Hunting
! ton influence which has in a measure
j corrupted the land. Instead of delay
there should have been instant action,
instead of one vessel, a fleet, and under
the protection of our own guns the in
vestigation should have been carried
! on. An hour after the verdict had been
| reached the Stars and Stripes should
; have been floating above Morro Castle
I or the process of razing Havana to the
! last foundation stone have been in pro
■ gress. The war would have been begun
and ended. We do not build a navy
that our Spanish friends may have the
pleasure of blowing it up and drinking
i wine as our dead are carried ashore
j to be placed in graves to whose poor
I shelter they are not welcome. But the
; treatment of Consul General Lee eon-
I stitutes a second ground for war. A
! nation must share the odium heaped
upon its representatives. A nation
which would calmly accept the insults
offered Lee and other Consuls, some of
whom were forced to retire secretly to
avoid being murdered, is not fit to be a
nation. It should get itself annexed to
Hawaii and beg Dole for protection. I
am glad to say that Huntington is al
most alone in his gross and humiliating
conception of the situation confronting
US'. It would be a sorry land that
brought forth many of his kind, a land
devoid of patriotism, fit only for sub
jugation, deserving the sneers of the
world, its flag an emblem of dishonor.
George Hayford. declaring himself to
be an attorney, writes five pages of bad
English to show a vague insinuation
that he is a scoundrel, an insinuation
whereat he expresses a sense of dis
pleasure, ought to have been specific
and direct. For some reason, which
does not appear with clarity, he ap
plies to The Call all the epithets in his
vocabulary. Hayford asserts with evi
dent warmth that he does not practice
in the Police Courts. Nobody, so far
as I know, ever said he did. His forte
seems to be that of getting into the
Police Court in the capacity of defend
ant. He has been arrested for petty
larceny, for swindling a widow, and he
deserves arrest for disturbing the peace
by projecting into it such a nerve as
has never before been on exhibition.
I do not understand how anybody but
a policeman could take Hayford ser
iously. However, his missive has been
placed on file. It may come in handy
when Hayford shall rise to the dignity
of grand larceny and get sent to San
Quentln.
* * •
Speaking of the high death rate for
last month a doctor told me that it was
due in great measure to the sewers.
They had not been properly flushed by
nature, and the human intelligence
which guides our ways to premature
graves had not risen to the necessity
of doing the work nature had neglect
ed. It struck me as peculiar that
By HENRY JAMES.
the sewers should be left to stink un
restrained, when Providence had over
looked them. There Is still water tc
be had, and cleanliness being next tc
godliness, ought to be encouraged. This
municipality is hardly doing all il
should in consenting to be adjunct tc
the undertaking- business.
• • *
No man of intelligence underrates the
horrors of war. It is true that many
of us have not had the dread experi
ence of viewing- them. We cannot
understand them as the old soldier who
has seen his comrades fall and has
stood picket where the dead lay un
buried and the dying moaned life's last
agony away. The suffering, the sus
pense, the heart break— these we have
learned from family tradition, the an
nals of battle, the tales of a Bierce, the
lips of the reminiscent veteran. The
glory of being shot to shreds or
trampled under the hoofs of cavalry is
largely theoretical. No man of normal
mind takes up arms for the Joy of
undergoing it. But there are such
things as national pride and honor.
They merge into each other until no
dividing line may be drawn. This na
tional pride and honor have been as
sailed, and war, whatever its horrors,
must come. It is almost here. Either
Spain must leave Cuba, not for the
sake of that troubled island, but in
token of submission to the United
States, or she must be driven out. Any
compromise, if miracle rendered it pos
sible, would be rejected by the Ameri
can spirit, which still abides despite
the Huntingtons, the Hannas and the
Elkins stripe, who would favor run
ning up a white flag and saying,
"Please don't," if a Spanish fleet were
to batter the sky line of New York into
the semblance of a ruined brick kiln.
We talk about this as the land of the
free and the home of the brave. I hope
it is. But if the poltroons who are try
ing to tie the hands of McKinley, the
lardaceous lords of empty sound roar
ing themselves knaves, succeed in
bringing about a triumph for Spain as
they design, the free have not much to
say about it and the brave are in the
minority. The banner of Spain Is the
black banner of piracy. Some of us,
failing to kow-tow to it, are called jin
goes.
* • *
If I had my way Deputy Constable
Adams of Fresno would spend
a long term in prison. Adams shot
a man whose offense had been the
stealing of a ride and an evident desire
;o escape arrest by running away. Had
the man resisted threateningly the
case would have been far different, but
he simply sought to leave the vicinity
of the Constable and got a possibly
atal bullet in the back for his pains.
f the act was not murder, or an at
:empt at it, a Constable in Fresno
has privileges. To steal a ride is not a
serious crime. It is about the only
thing a person can steal without caus
ing loss to some one else. The ride is
no more missed than is the air one
breathes in passing across a farmer's
pasture. It appears that the victim in
this instance was a hard-working man
in quest of employment. To be unem- j
ployed is not necessarily a felony. To j
endeavor to find employment is rather
commendable than otherwise. There
are vicious tramps, and tramps of as
good moral character as more fortu-
Date people whom circumstances have
not forced to take to the road. An un- i
armed tramp of decent antecedents is [
far less a menace to the public welfare
than the armed Constable, who, pining
for a fee, pursues and kills him. As
the wounded man lay supposedly dying
the conductor of the train swore out a ,
warrant charging him with vagrancy.
I have not noticed that any lover of
justice has sworn out a warrant charg- '
ing Adams with assault to murder.
The hope that I would receive no
more poetry has been shattered. I have
a new dose of it. The pulsating bard
let might as well understand that a
conspiracy exists of which we are joint
victims. If he sends in poetry to this
shop it Is turned over to me. If the
poetry is not utterly bad I turn it over i
to somebody who knows something
about it. It is worthy of note, however,
that most of it stops right here. I must
say for G. T. Me. that his effort is a
daisy, and had he remembered it a lit
tie better would have passed out of my
jurisdiction. "Whoever wrote the verses
In the first place did a good job. Me. i
has bungled it sorru -hat. But even at
this, there are no flies to be observed
on his second verse. Here it is:
'T was then you promissed to be mine.
Our last fond kiss tie neer forget.
With love I pressed my llpps to thine
I loved thee then, I love thee yet.
Good boy! Keep it up. if these
"Lines to Lena" do not melt her then
she's not to be thawed by po-etic fire.
Undoubtedly, when you pressed your
lipps to hern you did love her, and your
mistake was in not getting on record
then and there. If you know Lena's
present address send her a copy of the
entire poem. She will either come off
the perch or she is married to- some
body else. If you have not preserved
a copy and this excerpt fall under the
eye of Lena she can have the whole
thing by sending to this office the small
sum of 2 cents in postage.
* • •
There are several things about the
evening papers which are almost puz
■ling. For instance, nobody seems to i
know why they issue a first edition and
mark it "fourth." It is true that this
operation consistently followed causes
the third and last edition to have the !
appearance of being the sixth, but it
isn't the sixth any more than a cat is !
a cow. And then the habit of printing :
"extra" In large type is wickedly mis- |
leading to the uninitiated. An evening i
daily, printed within the usual h-;,-urs, is
not an extra. It may, by some strange
circumstance, be extra bad, though
such a possibility is hard to imagine,
and in such cases the advantage of
keeping the brand off ought to be
obvious. Only at long intervals do the
evening papers print a genuine "extra/ j
and nine times out of ten then their '
action in so- doing is a distinct imposi- j
tion on the public. I am not complain-
Ing as a newspaper man; but, as one of
the public, I lament.
• • •
With all respect for the powers that
be, I cannot see why the fact that
Harry Thomas of Oakland borrowed or j
attempted to borrow $100 is any excuse ■
for the fuss being made about it. It |
happens that Thomas is the son of the \
Mayor, but this circumstance ought \
not to be a handicap to any man in i
need of a sum of money. More than I
one man has had occasion to borrow
' such an amount, has done so, and later
i has wiped the indebtedness out, and
at no stage of the transaction had a
' lot of aspersions cast upon him. It is
! true that Thomas intimated in his re
quest for the money that he would be
i glad to repay the favor, and, had he
I felt in any other mood, he would sim
; ply have exhibited an unwarrantable
; cheek. To negotiate a loan when there
; is ample security to offer does not in
volve a favor unless it be to the man
who has cash to lend. But when the
\ matter is one of honor solely, when the
I debt is secured only by a piece of
paper, the favor is considerable, and it
would be a peculiar sort of person who
would fail to appreciate it or neglect
to express a readiness to reciprocate. If
the most serious charge against the
Mayor of Oakland is that his son bor
rowed $100 and manifested a decent re
gard for the accommodation, the effort
to get him on the black list will be a
failure. _____________
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Frank 11. Buck and wife are at tha
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Ellsworth of Nllea
are at the Palace.
Dr. J. K. Warner of Livermore Is stayt
Ing at the Baldwin.
C. W. Garrard. a mining man of An«
gels, Is at the Grand.
G. H. Fancher. a capitalist of Merced,
is registered at the Lick.
J. Marion Brooks is again registered at
the Grand from Los Angeles.
Sam I. Balis, a mining man of Fort
Jones, is a guest at the Grand.
Willard Feller, a mining man of Den*
ver. is a guest at the occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. P. D. Brlggs of Cleve
land, Ohio, are at the Occidental.
D. W. Buchard, an attorney and polN
tician of San Jose, is at the Grand.
Judge W. G. Rucker of Rosbeck. Tex,,
is one of the late arrivals at the Grand.
F. A. Wilner, V. S. X.. la among those
who arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
R. A. Graham, a millionaire contractor
of Portland, Or., is a guest at the Palace.
John H. Gill, I*. S. N., has come down
from Mare Island and Is a guest at tha
Occidental.
Rev. Warren H. Laudon has come over
from San Rafael and is staying at the
Occidental.
"Yes," concluded
the returned
Klondiker, as h«
accepted an in
vitation of the
scientist to take
something, "I am
sick and tired of
A REMARKABLE
RUN OF
GOOD LUCK.
the sight of gold. I've seen so much of it
that it has become a bore. Why, one
morning I went over to 'Necourick' Ned's
and found that gentleman preparing to
turn in after an all-night session at the
faro table, wnich had cost him J457.000.
which was his clean-up for the entire
week. He was sitting on the side of his
bunk execrating the run of luck that had
left him busted, and while he was speak
ing started to pull off his long rubber
boots. When he pulled off the first one
he turned it upside down and a large
pile of dust was shaken out on the floor.
The same thing happened with the sec
ond boot, and when the two piles were
gathered up and weighed they amounted
to $13,941. The dust had fallen over the
tops of the boots while Ned was work
ing in his claim."
"Quite interesting," remarked the min
ing man, who was of the party, "and it
; reminds me of a fellow I once knew in
; Ohapitazta, South America. He had a
I piece of ground comprising about 14.W0
acres near the principal hotel of the
town, and one morning as he was dijr
ging a pesthole he struck a layer of gold
dust about four inches beneath the sur
face. He pawned his watch, and with the
money thus realized purchased a plow
and a pair of mules and started to plow
up the entire field. A couple of native
boys, whom he hired for a plug of to
bacco a day. would follow after hi- and
gather up the dust that the plow turned
over. He stuck to the work, though it
was a pretty hard graft, owing to the
immense opals with which the field was
studded and which the blade of the plow
would continue to run against. My
friend would never touch the Jewels,
though they were of the finest quality]
because they are considered unlucky,
nnd he has been a firm believer in omens
ever since the Friday on which he was
married. Finally he accumulated enough
to set himself up in a modest way as a
greengrocer, and when the Ancient Or
der of Hibernians held their annual pic
nic in that locality he sold out his entire
stock at such an advantage that the pro
ceeds enabled him to go to Monte Carlo
where he started to buck the game and
continued at it until he had been the
means of causing two of the proprietors
to commit suicide, when the authorities
compelled him to leave. He is now driv
ing an owl wagon in New York."
J. F. Mooney. a mining man of Sonora,
is .it the Occidental on a business and'
pleasure trip to the city.
J. B. F. Osgood, a prominent society
man of Salem, Mass.. Is one of yester
day's arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. G. F. Falkner, a prominent physi
cian of Salinas, is among those who ar
rived at the Grand last evening.
S. Tyak. a business man of Auburn,
who is largely interested in mining prop
ertles, la registered at the Lick.
F. Regard of Paris, France, who owns
a number of valuable mines in Amador
County, is a guest at the Grand.
Mr. and Lurs. James Denor of London
are at the .■.'alace, where they arrived
yesteraay on a pleasure trip to the coast.
J. A. Chanslor, a well known business
man of Los Angeles, is registered at the
Palace, as is E. S. de Golyer. a wealthy
mining expert of the same city.
Ben M. Maddox and \V. H. Hammond,
who came down to the city from Visalia
to attend the meeting of the State Cen
tral Committee, are both staying at tiie
California.
Mr. and Mr?. W. R. McKey of Boston
are staying at the Palace while on a
pleasure trip to San Francisco. They
will tour the southern part of the State
before returning to their home.
F. W. Herrington of Ogden and W. 1.,.
Coulter of Nevada are registered at the
Grand. They are both railroad conduc
tors and are thought to have come out
here, together with several others, as a
committee to lay certain grievances be
fore President Huntington of the South
ern Pacific Company for adjustment.
CAL.IFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 16.— Major Frank
Mclaughlin of Oroville is at the Hoffman
House.
At the close of a "baby show" which
had been held in a public hall of an
English town an exhibitor went to
claim her cherub. On a squalling plump
of humanity being handed to her by
the smiling checktaker, she gave one
glance at the infant's face and then
exclaimed in an agonized tone of voice:
"Good gracious, man, but this is not
my baby!"
- "Very sorry, ma'am," replied the
cheerful checktaker, "but It's the only
one I have left. You see, somehow or
bther, ; the checks got mixed. How
ever," he added, by way of apology, "it
shall not occur again."— BiCs.
■ ♦ »
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy st. ' •
— — -»-•-• . .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend'a.*
Special Information supplied dsJty t»
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephoae Main lO4i •LOST BOTH OF
HER ANCHORS
Narrow Escape of the
Webfoot While Lying
Off Meiggs Wharf.
Had to Run Alongside of the
British Bark Inversnaid
for Safety.
Is Now Feared That the Bark
Forest Queen's Deckload of
Piles Sunk Her.
The Honolulu, the only steel schooner
on the Pacific, arrived from Hakodate
• relay in the smart time of thlrty
three days. The steamer Mount Tabor,
from the same port, took twonty-four
days to make the trip, so the Honolulu
must be rated as a vory fast vessel. The
Honolulu ran Inl ne heavy storm which
lasted three days. On Ft. Patrick's day
ii blew a hurricane and the schooner lost
tire new suit of sails. The
Is almost a brand-new vessel,
ail in England for' John Ena
S';. was hire once before
: su^ar, and, as on that oc
n, she will on this take back a gen
cargo t'' her home port. Captain
thinks a >.-'' at deal of his yea-
Is nothing ailoat that
W .n beat her in an ocean race.
As day ait' :■ day passes and no news is
-. .-<i from the bark Forest Queen,
; are one by one giving up
hope. On March 0 she sailed from Taco
ma for San Pedro with the following
trow: J. \V. Basley, master; H. Alberts,
mate; C, A. Bell, second matt'; C. Suzuki,
': A. Baerston, Antone Roderic,
C. Ja- •• C <• Anderson, Viktor Boden
•■.irry Anderson, seamen. A. Nelson
left hi-n- on her as second mate, and
Adolph Iverson as cook, but both men
left her at Tacoma, Ole Eliason was
phip] ■ :.'! mate, but did not put
id I '■•■II was taken in
Ihe Forest Queen was lum
ber lad< n. li> r hold was full of sawn tlm
).r ..::■' she carried a deckload of piles.
Aft< i . it through the straits of
Juan she ran into a series of
■ .ud from since.
About March .4. while <>n his way to
< iptain Donnelly of the
: v • bfi "t saw a quantity of
piles. He thinks there was
among ihe wreckage, but
ire. li there was a center
wreckage could not have
been from the Fon . p . Captain
■• ■ vi ssel, is still of the
opinion thai she was driven off her
course by adverse storms, and having
lost - • r spars is unable to make
port, Other masters of vessels, however,
think that the weight of the piles on her
(i'ck • • Forest <jueen to open up
uiid go down with all hands.
A : t anxiel y is being felt
g shipping nun and the underwrit
the Chilean ship Lake Lcman
and the Peruvian bark Santa Rosa. The
an left Guayaquil 24s days ago
Seattle and the Santa Rosa left Pay
ta, Peru, 263 days ago for Port Town
r v< ssel his been heard from
- port, but the chances are
that if they got any of the weather
which caused the British ship Ravens
. to take !*>? days to get from the
i to Callao there is hope for them
The Bchooner Webfoot had a narrow es
from going ashore last Friday night,
i: was .~t;e had to run alongside
■ ■■■ . .! ;.': rnversnaid and tie up
■ kept fn.-m going to sea
again. The schooner arrived from Coos
iboul 7:30 p m. and anchored oil
s wharf. Captain Donnelly went
ashore, leaving Mat. K. Erricsen in
ihe captain's depart
the anchor chain parted and the
schooner went adrift. Mate Erricsen said
to himself: "T an anchor and
fathoms of good chain." and at
ordered the second anchor dropped.
The second anchor fared no better than
rst. It held for about fifteen min
utes, and then parted ct mpany with the
oner, taking thirty-live fathoms of
chain with it.
r now began to drift do?"
toward Black Point, and the mate had
ill all hands to make sail. He buc
• g headway '>n the Web
foot just In time, and then began the most
■ g part of the performance,
mate stun.] the schooner clos. In
yelled fur a towboat, he Bailed
up in the direction of Vallejo Btreet and
■ g horn Into play, he stood
tlon of Alcatraz ami
■ l his lights, but no one paid any
;>air he jan his yes
■• [nversnald and tied her
oner's rigging Buffered in
erformance, but anything was bet
ilii j around the bay all night.
Onc< ■ ire that his vessel "would not
- '.rift ac-ait!. Mate Erricsen went
oooner'B dingy and made
l; Towboat Company's of
ired the services of the
md. It did not take lons to
way from the Inver-
Bnald. and about 9:30 p.m. she was docked
■ wharf. Yesterday she
taken t>. Howard 3 and th<- work of
discharging her lumber cargo began
The war scare is beginning to make it
seif felt ir: Insurance circles, in future
ADVERTISEMENTS.
88-B-B-88-B-B-S-B-B — 1-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
■ CITY OF TORI PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
■
■
; Lace Department!
j NOVELTIES
gg JuFt njirnori in BRAIDED and SPANGLED NET ROBES, MAR.
QUISE and CHANTILLY LACE ROBES,
■ CRAQUEL.ET, TOSCA AND BRUSSELS NETS.
B APPLIQfk CHIFFON and NET ALLOVERS,
APPLIQUE MOUSSELINE. Bands and Laces to match,
S (In Black, White and Black, White and Gold).
i POINT d'ALENCON, POINT ROSE, POINT VENISE and
CHANTILLY LACE EDGES and INSERTIONS to match.
B FRENCH VALENCIENNES, Laces and Insertions.
B New styles in VEILINGS, FANS and LADIES' NECKWEAR.
4.150 the Season's Novelty, Ladies' and Misses' EMBROIDERED LAWN
BELL-SHAPED ROBES.
B New Arrivals of Entirely New line of PASSEMENTERIES, BRAIDS,
GARNITURES, ORNAMENTS, BfcKLES, etc., in Jeweled effects,
B Aluminum, Turquoise, enameled and cut steel.
i The largest and most varied stock of Linings on the coast.
J DRESSMAKING and TAILOR-MADE SUITS a specialty.
T Don't fail to visit our ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.
Country orders carefully and promptly attended to.
'T CITY OF PARIS DRY^GOODS COMPANY,
I SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
T UNION SQUARE.
CAUGHT IN A HURRICANE.
The steel schooner Honolulu arrived from Hakodate yesterday after a smart passage of thirty-three days.
The steamer Mount Tabor took twenty-four days to come from the same port, so the captain of the schooner is
more than pleased with his vessel's performance. The Honolulu is the only steel schooner in the Pacific, and
was built in England for John Ena of Honolulu. On St. Patrick's day she was caught in a hurricane and al
most an entire suit of sails was carried away.
the insurance rates on lumber cargoes
f.om all ports on the Pacific Coast of
the United States to Australia will be
; pi r cent. Should war lie declared all
risks on goods coming from China. Ha
waii and Australia to this coast will be
" The ' Johnson-Locke Mercantile Cora
panv's tine steamer Morgan City got
away for Seattle, Copper River. Juneau
and ' Skaguay yesterday with about laO
nassengers. Her passenger accommoda
tion Is Of the best and every stateroom
can bo reached with ease. All the ar
rangimcctß for the comfort ot the pas
sengers were everything that could be
desired, and those who travel by the
steamer will surely be satisfied. The
Morgan City took up sixty head of cat
tle but unlike the other steamers the}
are carried in the 'tween decks, thus leav
ing the promenade on the upper deck
clear for the passengers.
Mike and Denny t'oleman, two runners
for the Sailors' uome, had a narrow es
cape from drowning >'" s!< 7"\ > ,;. vu Th ; 7
were out to the British bark Wirtecott.
"don their way home the W hueha
, mi sized. They were in the water half
nn hour before Captain Henry on the tug
Water Nymph came along and towed
them into Meiggs wharf.
UNDERGROUND WIRES.
The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company Makes Its Report.
The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company, persuant to an order passed by
the Supervisors in IS9T. commanding all
companies having the use of the public
streets to tile an annual report of the
progress made in placing their wires
under ground, reported yesterday and
in doing BO enumerated all of the blocks
in the lower portion of the city over
which they have made the necessary
alterations. The streets mentioned em
brace all of those from California on the
north to Market on the south, and from
Battery on the east to Stockton on the
Under the improved system of putting
the wires under ground the difficulties
encountered are vividly enumerated,
showing that the consent of the prop
erty owners as also the- tenants must be
first obtained. In this change the wires are
connected directly from the street to the
interior of the houses in which they are
inteded for use.
Builders Elect New Officers.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Builders' Exchange held last Fri
day afternoon the following officers werf
elected and appointed to govern the ex
change lor the coming years; S. H. Kent,
president; G. V. Daniels, vice-president;
James A. Wilson, secretary; B. B. Hindes,
treasurer; S. D. Worth, financial secre
tary; William Cobb, attorney; W. K.
Asliland, doorkeeper. ,
Dauchy & Co.'s Newspaper Catalogue.
For convenience, compactness, mrrful com
pilation and completeness the Newspaper •"■at
alr><?ue published by Messrs. Pauchy & Co. is
certainly unrivaled. Th^ IS'jS edition has just
reached us. This is the eighth year of its
publication and It is safe to ray that It has
become a necessity in the offices of many ad
vertisers. The feature of this catalogue which
puts it in the lead of the newspaper directories
is the broad space for memoranda against each
paper. Advertisers can use it as a complete
record of all their contracts, as w*ll as an
index to all their record books', newspaper flies,
etc. It can be procured from Messrs. Dauchy
& Co., Newspaper Advertisement Agency. 27 Park
Place. New York. The volume contains 723
papes and the published price is J.">. With a dis
count to publishers. We can recommend it
to any one wanting reliable information of the
Heal publications of the United States
and Canada.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
EASTERN DOGS
RAN POORLY
Long Courses Were the
Rule at Union Cours
ing Park.
Santa Alicia, a Warm Favor
ite, Easily Disposed Of
by Jester.
The Call, as Usual, Tipped Twenty
two Out of Twenty-four
Courses.
The Call was slightly off in Its predic
tions for last Sunday, but it made up for
lost ground yesterday by calling twenty
two out of twenty-four courses, and the
"tips" were strongly played by a number
of the readers of The Call. Among the
selections were quite a few long shots, on
which the talent, who failed to play The
Call's favorites, went gloriously wrong.
The two courses which gave a black eye
to the string of Call victories were the
defeat of Terrona by Rusty Gold in a
long course and Santa Monica by Jester
In a tolerably short run. Santa Alicia was
not running in anything like good form
yesterday.
The hares were an especially fine lot,
| and with the exception of one or two
"skates," they carried their pursuers the
entire length of the field, several of them
making their escape. In a course between
Terrona and Rusty Gold the latter won
|by having a good hare. Terrona led to
i his game and scored first turn and
! wrench; then Rusty Gold got in and had
it all his own way, Terrona showing
! signs of lurching.
The favorites won until the tenth
course, when the talent met with its first
upset Santa Alicia was a 2 to 1 favorite,
but Jester led her from the slips and
never allowed Santa to score in a short
race.
In the eleventh course the talent met
i with another reverse. Star Pointer, an
other 2 to 1 favorite, got bowled over by
Crosspatcb, which dog led to the hare
and allowed the Star to get in for only a
turn and kilj.
Fair Helen, a 1 to 6 shot, surprised the
backers of Douglas by scoring a "no
course," but in the run off Douglas won
handsomely in a short dash.
Sans Souci easily disposed of Pigeon
Toes, a recent importation. The Pigeon
had the best of the game near the finish.
White Chief beat Macic in a run u^
and a ciuick kill. Magic sold a slight fav
orite.
Firm Friend, a shortender, was beaten
by Theron by a small margin after a
"no course."
Commodore and Tod Sloan had a warm
argument. Tod was a 5 to 3 favorite, and
came within an ace of being beaten in
the first course, but in the run off Tod
scored a fairly easy victory.
The Eastern dog Mona, which sold on
the short end. made a "no course" with
the great Magnet, having the best of the
favorite in the work done after the run
up. It was a short course and Magnet
happened to drive his game into Mona's
territory. In the run off Magnet easily
disposed of the late arrival from the East.
Premier, a 20 to 1 shot, to the surprise
of good judges, gave False Flatterer
some trouble. Ntaring the end of the
course he took possession of his game
and was beating Flatterer badly, but the
course was not long enough for Premier
to make up for lost ground.
Carmody outscored San Pedro in the fin
ish of a long course, but he did not make
sufficient points to win a decision. Car
mody was a 6 to 1 shot.
The last race of the day set back the
knowing ones. Bonita defeated Chartist
in a good course by a small margin.
The winners of the run down of the
all-aged stake are:
Eclipse beat Kilkenny Girl: Metallic beat
rtlack Swan; Rusty Gold beat Terrona; Forget
best Roy Alfonso; Van Needa beat Black
Pattl; Cavalier beat Sportsman; BendalonK
beat Laughed Last; Sarcastic beat Ben U; Gilt
Edge beat Minnie E; Jester beat Santa Alicia;
Crosspatch beat Star Pointer; Douglas beat
Fair Helen; Move On beat County linn; Sans
Souci beat Pigeon Toes: White Chief beat
Magic; Theron beat Firm Friend; Tod Sloan
beat Commodore; Magnet beat Mona; Sweet
Lips beat Little D.irrlt; False Klaterer beat
Premier; Myrtle leat Marcella; The Turk beat
Donald; Carmody beat San Pedro; Bonita beat
Chartist.
In the Consolation stake for beaten
; dogs, which was run Immediately after
! the run-down of the open stake, Santa
Alicia heat Ben B, Terrona heat Black
I'atti. Sportsman beat Fair Helen, Kil
kenny Girl beat Laughed Last, Star
; Pointer beat Minnie E. Rey Alfonso hav
1 ing cut an artery In one of his legs was
withdrawn and Ben B, who was substi
tuted, defeated Black Swan in a bye,
; Firm Friend beat Marcella, Premier beat
r . . i>n Toes, Commodore beat San Pedro,
Chartist beat Mona, Magic beat County
! Den. Little Dorrit beat Donald.
Although the selections for to-day's
i open stake are extremely hard to name,
! the probable winners will be Metallic!
! Rusty Gold, Cavalier, Sarcastic, Jester,'
! Douglas, Move On, Theron, Magnet,
False Flatterer and Sweet Lips; should
I be very close. Myrtle and Bonita.
Magnet, Theron and Rusty Gold should
i run into the heavyweight stakes.
In the Consolation stake the probable
winners are: T.rrona, Kilkenny Girl,
Star Pointer. Firm Friend, Magic and
! Chartist.
In the books the following are the odds
offered on straight and place in the all
aged or opensUiko:
I-Vllpse— Straight. 15; place, 5. Metallic—
Straight, 10; place, 5. Rusty Gold— Straight,
7; place, 3. Forget— Straight, 75: place, 2.1. Van
Needa— Straight, 75; place, 25. Cavalier-
Straight, 3; place, 1. Bendalong— Straight, 60;
i place, 15. Sarcastic— Straight, SO; place. J5
i OUt Edge— Straight. 50; place, IS. Jester—
! Straight. 20; place. 8. Crosspatch— Straight, 40;
I place, 16. rvmn-laa— Straight, 60; place, 16.
Move On— Straight, 25; place. 8. Pans Souci—
StralKht. WOi place, 75. White Chief— Straight,
25; place, S. Theron— Straight. 6; place. 2. Tod
Sloan— Straight, 3o: place, 10. Magnet— Straight,
h: place. 3. Sweet Lips— Straight, 10; place, 24.
False Flatterer-Straight, 15; place, 5. Myrtle
--Straight. 20; place, 8. The Turk— Straight,
200; place. 75. Cann.niy— Straight, 100; place, 30.
Bunita— Straight. JO: place. 3.
AT THE TARGETS.
The California Schuetzen Club Pre-
pares for li.s Big Shooting Tour
nament To-Day.
There will be a notable gathering of
marksmen from all parts of the State, at
Schuetzen Club Park to-day, when
the annual prize shooting tournament of
the California Schuetzen Club will be
held. This is the big event of the sea
son, and each year attracts the best
marksm.n of the State. On the ring tar
gets there will be forty cash prizes ag
gregating $275, and ranging from $40 to
$1. In addition there will be special
prizes of $2 50 each for the first and last
bullseye made in the forenoon and after
noon; a $5 hat for the tirst 25; $5 for the
best five tickets on the ring target: a
hat for the same on the honorary target,
and $5 for the most tickets on both dur
ing the day.
On the honorary targets the winner will
be given prizes of jewelry, silverware,
etc., of the value of $1000. Both targets
are open to all comers. The club will
bear the expenses of visiting- marksmen.
SOUTHERNERS
WILL FIGHT
Their Services Have Been
Offered in the Country's
Behalf.
Proposed to Form a Local Company
and March to the Front When
Called.
There are many war-scarred veteran
Confederates in this city who are ex
ceedingly anxious to join the forces In
case of war with Spain. In fact, many
letters have been written to the Govern
ors of various Southern States asking
that they have some provision made for
them and that they be allowed to bear
arms against the unfriendly nation.
William Harnett of Georgia, who is at
present in this city, and who is also an
ex-Confederate colonel, received a letter
from Governor Atkinson of Georgia re
cently stating that in accordance with a
written request to be allowed to join the
American forces in case of war he would
be pleased to accept his services and fur
thermore thanked the colonel for his of
fer.
There are several hundred gray-haired
men who fought for what they deemed
the rights of the Southerners who are at
present contemplating forming com
panies and marching to the front, when,
as many of them state, the inevitable
clash comes. It is proposed to hold meet
ings before long and make final arrange
ments, and in all probability a conclu
sion will be quickly reached. There are
many hard lighters among them and a
splendid body of men would result from
a company or even regiment formation.
Colonel Barnett is highly elated over
the prospect of once again "smelling
smoke," and states that if the opportu
nity presents itself, which he thinks
highly probable, the fighting ability of
those of Southern blood will be clearly
shown.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ELECTION PREPARATIONS.
Contracts Awarded for the Printing
of District Maps and for Fur
nishing Booths.
At the meeting of the Election Com
mission yesterday the contract for print
ing 25,000 district maps for the general
election was awarded to H. S. Crocker &
Co., their bid being $395.
liids were opened for the erection of the
election booths, but the contract was not
awarded, as all the bids were considered
too high. At the last election it cost only
$10 95 to erect each booth. The lowest
bid this time was $12 35. that of William
G. Huphes. Action was postponed until
Monday, to allow of an investigation
being made in reference to the matter.
H. B. Joyce was awarded the contract
for furnishing the booths with tables,
chairs, lamps, etc., his bid being $4 89 for
each booth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ' ir -'{\MA
flriMMMk
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. REGEPTION ROOM-NO. 7,
Gonsultation—
\ tVffeltt 01/fflC ti/yi/^ Our Specialty Crown and Bridge Work
V * ftV v\ A/ sWfj* • anc ' >a ' n ' ess txtraction. •
>^wVnSv V r Sis Ths Clinio i» »lw»ys ahead in Advanced Dental
V^vss. Yt^7yAiiM9uil ' CX m Soionoe. Mo students employed. * '
Aft '^ZwJZ&L. — " Soft For the next 30 days our prices will be:
V ':'W J&f>'%@L^ r^" '▼^ FULL OF TEETH ■f0r............J» 50 up
*r\£>L s/)''jZ'i%3t gold crowns, 22k 3 50 up
— TWi.' W&ffi/'Jmi^. ' BRIDGE WORK, per t00th......... 3 50 up
«s»^C% m¥oM%SMff+j TUIA SILVER FILLINO 25c up
—WE: DO J^^^^fo^AfcWk'nlS «old filling ; 750 up
/JSP' '*'' ''dE& vC^>. ■ CLEANING TEETH 50c up
F °^»l^P Y? A Physician Always in Attendance:
j/ Vp* W x'k Ext C ii ed SKILLED OPERATORS.
TFFTHI^ Mcro L wned lady attendant.
ILLIII^fJ « I? BrWccwof* PHONE DAVIS 654. . y
'■'■'. WITH OUT PAIN. ,"-' '; . '. ■". T. STRONG. ? '-' ;
Office Hours— 9 tl m. to 10 p. m.; Suudaya 9to 2 p. m, . -
TROLLEYS FOR
MARKET STREET
Planning to Supplant the
Cable With Elec
tricity.
Only the Underground Trolley
System Will Be Tol-
era ted.
Huntington Promises to Take Up the
Horse Car Tracks if Allowed
Hi 3 Way.
H. E. Huntingdon and the directorate
of the Market Street Railway Company
are planning to change the cable line on
Market street into an electric system. A
hint of their intention was given to a
committee of the Merchants' Association
a few days ago, but as yet no direct ef
fort has been made to secure the neces
sary authority from the governing board
of the city to make the change.
About two years ago new rails were
laid along the Market street cable tracks
and when they were put down they were
"bonded" and laid in the same manner
that the rails for electric lines are put
down. The rails at the ends were con- I
nected with copper wires, so that they
would make a continuous circuit for an
electric current. The manner of laying
the new rails excited suspicion at the |
time that an effort would be made to dis- |
pense with the cable that for years pro
pelled the cars along the wide thorough
fare and replace it with an overhead cop
per wire for supplying electric power to
the cars. Every move of the ranway
company that had a tendency to trend
that way was closely watched by the
merchants along Market street, and so
far they have successfully kept the un
sightly trolley wire and poles from the
main business artery of the city.
About five years ago a bold attempt
was made to erect poles and siring a
trolley wire along Market street. Early
one Sunday morning a big force of men
suddenly appeared on the street. They
were strung all the way from Powell
street to the ferry depot, and they com
menced work digging holes along the
curb and setting up poles. Many property i
owners along the street who happened to ;
be downtown appealed to the police to \
strfp the work, but the police refused,
claiming that they did not have that !
power. Finally L. R. Ellert, who was at
that time Mayor, was found, and he at
once authorized the police when the
state of affairs was explained to him to
stop the work, and the workmen were
driven away.
Several holes had been dug and some [
poles were put up. The police guarded
the street against the encroachment of
the Market Street Railway Company un
til the courts could be appealed to and
an injunction against the proceedings of
the railway company was issued.
H. E. Huntingdon confessed to the
plans of his corporation at a conference I
hold with him by a committee of the ;
Merchants" Association a few days ago. !
The Merchants' representatives were dis
cussing with him the project of paving
Market street from Second to Sixth with
bitumen, and a promise was wanted from
the president of the railway company
that the Market Street Company would I
agree to pay its share of the expense.
The portion of the street it is proposed
to pave with bitumen is from the curb to j
the outer line of the cable-car tracks. The
roadbed of the cable tracks and the space
between them are to remain as at pres
ent. The reason for leaving the space '
between the tracks paved with basalt
blocks is that should It become necessary i
to put a new sewer down in the street it
can be done under the stone pavement,
and no injury will be done to the portion
paved with bitumen.
Huntington asked the committee if It
would not be better to have the horsecar
tracks on Market street taken up. so that
a clear pavement could be put down
from the curb to the present line of the
rable-car tracks. He said that could be'
done if a franchise could be secured from I
th« Board of Supervisors allowing elec- I
trie cars to be run on Market street, so
that the lines now operated by horse
cars could be run over the tracks of the
cable-cars by electricity.
Hugo Keil, who was one of the com
mittee of the Merchants' Association, said
yesterday that he would have no objec
tion to allowing electric cars to operate
on Market street should the underground
electric system be used. Huntington
made a plain proposition for the assist
ance of the association in securing a
franchise to operate an electric line on
Market street. "It is not a ma' tor for our
organization to advocate," said Mr. Keil;
"but I believe we should oppose it should
an attempt be made to string an overhead
trolley wire along that thoroughfare. The
underground trolley system is being suc
cessfully used in cities in the East, and
there is no reason why it could not be
operated here if the cable is to give way
to electricity."
Spiritualists' New Hall.
The new hall recently fitted up In the
building formerly occupied by the Su
preme Court, on the corner of McAllister
and Larkln streets, for the headquarters
of the California State Spiritualist Asso
ciation, will be thrown open to the mem
bers of the association and their numer
ous friends on Friday evening, April 29
On this occasion a social and dance wili
be given by the First Spiritual Ladies'
Aid Society, at which an unusual interest
ing programme will be prepared for the
evening's entertainment. Mrs. B. F
Small, an active p.nd earnest worker of
the society, and one of the board of man-*
agers, is leaving no stone unturned to
make the event one long- to he remem
bered by those who may be present, and
as the society numbers thousands of ad
herents there is but little doubt that the
new hall will be filled on this occasion.
Park Music To-Day.
The Park Band will render the fnllowlnc
Easter proeramme at Golden Gate Park to
day:
"Fantastl" s Overture" Glovart
Paraphrase, "Sweet Alice Ben Bolt" Lux
"Hallet from Sicilian Vespers" Verdi
Minuet Paderewsky
• 'Musical Melanpe" Latann
" Wedding March Mendelssohn
Trombone quartet, selected
Messrs. Tobln. Behelner, Klotz and Bellman.
"Fantasia from Faust" Gounod
"Nefrro Oddity" Gilbert
March, "La Viennolse" ."...Krai
Wants More Money for the Eggs.
Charles T. Battelle commenced suit yes
terday against Getz Bros. & Co. to re
cover a balance of $2538 69, claimed to be
due on a consignment of eggs in Febru
ary last.
______ -■ ADVERTISEMENTS.  . - ■
OF
■
-A.T
Our Men's All-wool Suits for semi-dress at TEN DOLLARS
are marvels of perfection. Look at what other stores offer
you for $15.00 and $13.50, then come and inspect our colossal
line at $10.00, and if you don't admit ours beats any you've
seen ELSEWHERE you'll not be asked to buy here. ONE
GLANCE at our SUPERB AND GIGANTIC STOCK, marked at
lowest prices ever named for fine qualities, will CONVINCE
YOU IN A "JIFFY" that our store is the RIGHT SPOT to buy
your wearing apparel. .
Be sure you get into the right store, as it will
make a difference to you of $5 or $10 in the cost of
your new Suit or Overcoat.
xs^^ 200=204- KFARNV
nifl MONEY-SAVING PRICES THIS WEEK IN OUR BOYS' I
DIU AND CHILDREN'S DEPARTMENT.
200=204 KEARNY STREET.
What can be more honest than DR. MEYERS
& CO.'S, of 731 Market street, proposition to the
afflicted? If they cannot cure you they • will
not undertake your case. If they don't cure
YOU NEED NOT PAY THEM A DOLLAR
UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED.
Fifteen years of continued success, the most
scientific apparatus and remedies and con-
scientious work have enabled the Doctors to so
perfect their treatment that they can maSe
you this preposition.
Remember, We Treat Only
DISEASES AND WEAKNESS OF MEN.
If you cannot call, send for SYMPTOM
BLANK and PRIVATE BOOK, which will be
sent you sealed FREE.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
. ■ Specialists for Men of tbe
ENGLISH ANTGERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
;' 731 Market Street,
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-S; Sundays, 9-11.
1 JOE POHEM
m THE TAHOR
v^lri^Si The best fitting clothes and
/y'M'tl the best quality clothes at
\sl«l\ r rlces 20 per cent, less than \
\lH^ \ asked by any other tailoti jii; •
NW& establishment on Pacific Coast. '"
5 W! 1 PRICES BELOW;
' tfr / llff ' MNTI »UITB
"Hjf li!J ITO OftOCR TO OROC* j
/- l\!'|!lfl| $35" • $10.00
C .%1 H 1 f 5° BJMr . LI . '3-s<»
■■■till 6.c0 ■ • NO " UL " 17.50
i'if 750 "»«.•«"- 20.50
* \ i' L 8.00 25-0O
*%|fL ■ 9M * rR " 30 -° o j
V 201-203 riontsromery St.
The largest tail- 844-846 Market St. - ''. '
oring establish- , , ,, 0 _i , , 2 Market St. \
. jnent on PacihC SAN , FRANC , SCO> QM _ J
Coast. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
0 0 00 0 0 000 000
%*■"■? PALACE *■"-?%
%GRA JVOHPTELSO
o SAN FRANCISCO. Z.
•*f ;' Connected by a covered passairewar-
0 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
O ali. Under One Management. O
O : 'NOTE THE PEICSS: '<: < ■ Q
q European Plan. Bl. OO perday and upward >v
** American Plan. » 3. OO per day and upward **
O ■ Correspondencf Solicited. • Q
O JOHN C. KIREPATBICK, Minagtr. ,' q
000000000 0000 OOj^OO
AA/.T.HESS,
. NOTARY PDBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Koom 1015, Claus Spreclcels Bldg.
•> ...-: -/. --Telephone Brown 931. '. .
; - Residence,' 821 California street, below Powell,
i San Francisco. : '-,
AUCTION
BY
YON RHEI'IU CO..
636 MARKET STREET,
THURSDAY, APRIL 28 - - at 12 M. sharp
TURK, NEAR MAREET ; RENT $175
Met rss than 2 bdkl ' &
CHOICE BTEINER-STREET LOT.
23x100— E. line of Steiner, 125 feet N' of noir-
street accepted; fine view' and fashionable
FIRST AYE.; NEW FLATS : RENT $35
25H07-IR6 Ist aye. ; N of Sacramento" two
sunny modern flats; Ist aye. Is a Me'vard'
sold only on account of departure .
26 LAUHEL and 19 GOY PLACE, Off Ist ; Rent $30
50x160-Minus L of 25x30. off Ist. bet Fol«om
and Harrison, ontln 50 feet on Laurel pia™
and 2a feet on Guy place; front and rear house
DOLORES-STREET CORNER PROPERTY.
2 :1 } x95 X ' W - cor - DoI °res and 22d; store
and dwelling:; streets In good condition; Mis-
sion st. Electric branch cars pass.
THREE LOTS. BOYCE, S. OF POINT LOBOS.
73x120-E. line of Boyce st.. 275 feet south oC
It. Lobr.s aye -' as ■a ' whole, or three lots,
each 2.-.X120; Boyce Ft. runs off Pt. Lobos aye.
four blocks east of Ist aye.
THREE LOTS, EUREKA, 8. OF 20th.
23x130 each— Three lots west line of Eureka,
commencing 100 feet south of 20th; street ac-
cepted. Take Castro st. cable.
BUILDING LOTS, 17th, E. OF EUREKA.
62:6x75— 5. line of 17th, commencing 125 feet
east of Eureka; street accepted; patent side-
walk.
3021 PINE: RENTS $25..
31xS7— S. line of Pine. 91:5 feet E. of Central
aye.; front and rear house.
22d, NEAR UNION IRON WORKS : RENT $12.
2.")x75— 22d, S. line of 22d. E. of Michigan;
close to the Union Iron Works^-
REGISTRATION^ VOTERS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAL,
election to be held Thursday, May 26.
189S (submitting the new charter to a vote of
the qualified electors), will commence at tha
office of the Registrar of Voters, In "The City
Hall," on April 26. IS9B. and continue thence
till May 10, inclusive.
The following persons are entitled to reg-
ister:
First— All persons not registered at the last
general or special election, but who are en-
titled thereto.
Second — All persons who were registered, but
by moving cut of their "Special Election Pre-
cinct or. otherwise have lost their right to
vote.
Third— native male citizens not registered
and all male naturalized citizens (not regis-
tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
ary 26. IS9B. and are otherwise qualified accord-
ing to law. . ~.
»All qualified electors who were registered at
the last general or special election, and who
will have continued to reside within their re- .
spective "Special Election Precincts" shall
be entitled to vote without additional' regis-
tration.. ■
Office open from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. W. J. BIGGY.
Registrar of Voters. '
8R713 DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
j3ss"^g2*3 Five hundred reward for anyc»B«
SbSI H we cannot cure. This secret remedy
j| __« stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
Inß BBb Emissions, [mpotency. Varlcocele,
ViV fW Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits', Strictures.
! fKb Ili -' I-ost Manhood and all wasting cf-
i I RBi Hmß j ferts of st'li-abuseorexcesses. Sent
' HSsBbSEp sealed, J2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
! antced to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale nt 1073H Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S c«.t
J3KL Museum of Anatomy
jpraV ICSI IaBKT ST. Ut 6th * 7th f ' 3.7.Cft1. .
ft 3 & Tbe LarceaierltsklddiatbiWorld. ~
1 JgiSjA DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ComuHsilou rree. TVrii* for Baok .
f\f Philosophy of Marriage.
A L MAILED FREE.
78
MINERS FEAR
RIVER PIRATES
Danger That Their Boats
May Be Robbed on
the Yukon.
Captain Ray Will Ask the Pres
ident for Military
Patrols.
Klondikers Returning With Their
Gold Liable to Attack by Law
less Characters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, April 12 (by steam
ship Queen to Seattle, April lo). — A
•whisky famine and new discoveries of
gold are the latest from Dawson. A
party of about fifteen men, including
Captain P. H. Ray of Fort Yukon riot
fame, has arrived here and will pro
ceed to Seattle. They left Dawson on
March IS and saw salt water eighteen
days later. Captain Ray, C. Morgan
and John G. Smith came through from
Fort Yukon, having left there on Feb
ruary 25 and Circle City on March 2.
Captain Ray will proceed at once to
Washington, D. C, to make a formal
report to President McKinley about the
need of more troops in the lower coun
try to protect life and property along
the lines outlined in The Call's Fort
Yukon letter, recently published.
Captain Ray is over CO years old, but
Is in tip-top condition and feeling fine
after the long journey over the ice and
enow. Ho left in charge at Fort Yukon
Lieutenant Richardson, who, single
handed, held the army of unprovisioned
at bay, preventing tl m from seizing
a storehoufe of supplies.
Captain Ray will lay before the Pres
ident the present and probable condi
tions on the lower river next summer.
He thinks that there is much danger
of lawlessness and a possibility the
boats going down the river with their
burdens of gold may be held up and
the treasure stolen. The captain also
has some fear that the last boats up
the river next August or Septc lber
may be held up and their cargoes of
provisions and other supplies taken by
the same kind of men who made seri
ous trouble last winter at Fort Yukon.
He thinks the towns and rivers ought
to be patrolled in the same manner and
number that the Canadian police are
bivouacked along the river from the
Chilkoot summit to Dawson and as at
Dawson.
Among others in the party are Cap
tain Hammond of Seattle, Mr. Mcln
tosh of Ontario, Mr. Pelkey of Mon
treal. Mr. McCumbar and Mr. Granger
of San Francisco, "Arizona Charley."
■whose proper name is Charles Mead
ows, of Arizona, and who is said to
be one of the richest claim-holders in
the Klondike region, and Virgil Moore
of Santa Rosa, Cal. P. H. Light of Chi
cago is here. He has recently been into
Dawpon and staked some good claims.
He will proceed to Chicago and Wash
ington. I), c. C Morgan is from Butte
County, Cal., and, though a young
man. is one of the b^st-known miners
in the Yukon Valley. He has been
in there three years and has staked
gome of the best ground in the country.
"Halamute Creek," he said, "is a new
one and one of the richest. It is a
tributary of the Koyukuk and has been
very little prospected by white men. We
paw some Indians, who had about $700
worth of coarse gold, and they said
they got it on the Malamute. They had
just come out. Ido not know just
how long it took them to get it out,
but it was not long. On Brick Creek
I know that as high as $SOO to the pan
has been taken out in places. Ameri
can Creek is also good, and there are
acres of ground in the Koyukuk and
Brick Creek sections, that will go from
75 cents to $2 SO to the pan. When grub
and labor become cheaper in there,
and the day is coming, there are im
mense areas of comparatively low
grade ground that can be worked with
hydraulics and made to pay big. The
Tanana has every indication of be
ing a rich region. It has never been
thoroughly prospected."
HAL HOFFMAN.
RICHEST CLAIMS ARE ON
THE AMERICAN SIDE.
Captain Ray Says the Mining Dis
tricts of Alaska Are
the Bsst.
SEATTLE, April 16.— Captain Phil
Ray, U. S. A., who has represented the
Government in the Yukon River coun
try for the past year, returned early
this morning on the steamship Queen.
Later he went to Portland by train and
will go thence direct to Washington.
In an interview he said:
"All of the gold that came out last
year was credited to the Klondike, but
pome of it came from the American
side. Our output will certainly be a
million dollars this year. The claims
abandoned when the Klondike excite
ment broke out have been relocated
and will be thoroughly worked. I
think we have better and more exten
sive mining sections in Alaska than
in the Northwest Territory. Outside
of El Dorado, Bonanza, Hunker and
Dominion creeks it is not known that
there are any which are paying as well
as those in the Birch Creek district.
"The food scare at Dawson was the
indirect means of developing much
American territory in Alaska during
the past winter. I met several hun
dred prospectors between Circle City
and Dawson, going down to work on
American creeks along the Yukon. At
the mouth of Seventy Mile and at the
mouth of Mission Creek are settle
ments which promise to grow into cities
soon. The town at the first named
place is called Star City, and the other
Eagle City. When I came by the min
ers at Seventy Mile showed me pans
of dirt that ran from 15 to 30 cents. •
"Men are rushing to Charlie River
from both Circle City and Dawson."
SALINAS MAYORALTY
CONTEST DECIDED.
Francee Wins His Suit to Throw Out
the Votes of the First and
Third Wards.
SALINAS, April 16.-The decision In the
Mayoralty contest to unseat W. J. Hill
and seat C. Francee was rendered this
afternoon, Judge Doollng giving judg
ment for contestant. The principal
ground of contest was that the First and
Third ward polling places had closed at
5 o'clock and the Second Ward at sun
down. In his decision the Judge says:
•I am of the opinion that section 1166
of the Penal Code was not intended to
apply to municipal elections held under
charters which themselves contain pro
visions In reference to the time of open-
Ing and closing polls."
He gives the election to Francee by a
majority of six votes, the First and Third
wards being thrown out. An appeal to
the Supreme Court will at once be taken
by Mr. Hill.
Advance!! made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
COSTA RICA AND
NICARAGUA ON THE
BRINK OF WAR
Diet of the Greater Republic De=
cides Upon the Sending of a
Bellicose Ultimatum.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, April 16.— Cable advices just received from the Herald's
correspondent in Managua, Nicaragua, state that during the last few
days the Diet of the Greater Republic has been occupied with the
Costa Rica-Nicaraguan question. Communications between the Diet
and the Costa Rican Government have resulted in a few modifications
on both sides of demands for indemnity and reparation for alleged
wrongs perpetrated by one against the other. After a long delibera
tion to-day the Diet decided to send to Costa Rica a memorandum,
practically an ultimatum, couched in terms which it is believed will be
accepted by Costa Rica. This memorandum will say that if the
terms are not accepted war will be declared within forty-eight hours.
Mail advices from the Herald's correspondent at Managua, dated a
few days ago, stated that he had just learned that the Court of Ar
bitration which met aboard the United States naval vessel Alert at
Punta Arenas, signed an agreement to temporarily suspend war prep
arations in Nicaragua and Costa Rica and withdraw their forces from
the frontier until a final decision of the arbitrators, who will meet in
Guatemala City, is reached.
The arbitrators will consider only the claims of Nicaragua against
Costa Rica for aiding Nicaraguan rebels and Costa Rica's claim for the
arrest and imprisonment of Consul Berche in Managua, in September
last.
MOURNING IN
NEVADA CITY
Veterans Grieve Over the
Death of Wells A.
Ashman.
Member of the Grand Army
Fights His Last Battle
on Earth.
His Demise Necessitates a Pause in
the Preparations for the En
eampcnent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 16.—T0-mor
row the Union Veterans at Chatta
nooga Post must pause in their prepa
rations for entertaining the Grand
Army of the Republic of California and
Nevada, which is to assemble here in
annual encampment next week, and
with bowed heads and saddened hearts
follow to their last resting-place in
Pine Grove Cemetery the mortal re
mains of one of their comrades.
Wells Adolphus Ashman, who served
as a private in Company I, Seventh
Regiment, California Infantry, in 1864,
1865 and 1866, died to-day at the
County Hospital of general debility.
He was a pioneer miner, quitting that
occupation to respond to his country's
call. When peace came he again took
up pick and pan and continued to hunt
for gold until recently. He died poor,
his only known living relative being a
rich brother in New York State, who
came out last summer and tried in
vain to get him to quit his old stamp
ing ground and spend his declining
years ainjd plenty and comfort on the
Eastern seaboard.
The stars and stripes hang at half
mast to-night from many fiagstaffs
around the city in memory of the griz
i zled old veteran who had said ever
! since his health began to fail that he
' would rather die in a poorhouse in Ca!
ifornia than live in a palace beyond
the Rockies.
The advance guard of the hosts to
arrive on Monday afternoon are com
ing on every train. Mrs. Jennie Chap
man Briggs of San Jose department,
I chaplain of the Woman's Relief Corps,
lis here. She left a beautiful home at
Madison, Wisconsin, just before the
fall of Vicksburg, and, going to the
front, entered the Union Hospital at
Memphis as a volunteer nurse. She
was there nearly a year and at each
gathering of the Grand Army she meets
many old soldiers who remember with
gratitude her kindly ministrations
i when they were under her care in the
; hospital. Major William Hargrave of
San Diego, representing Helntzleman
Post, is another early arrival. He re
ports that almost every town in the
northern part of the State will be rep
resented next week, as the idea prevails
; that this encampment will be one of
i the best yet held in the West.
HUSHING UP THE
ZOLA SENSATION.
The French Government Will Now
Try the Novelist in Versailles
on One Issue.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, April 16.— The name of Zola has
again become an actuality from the open
ing of his trial by the Assize Court, but
as already predicted the Government has
taken precautions to prevent the new
trial from being marked. by the excite
ment of the previous trial. The date
has been postponed to May 23, when the
elections will be over and the case will
not be tried in Paris, but at v ersailles,
where it is hoped to confine the trial to
three or four days by strictly limiting
the issue to one point, viz., Zola's defa
mation of the court-martial by accusing
its members of having acquitted Major
Esterhazy by order. All this has been
discussed in the press, but the great con
troversy on the subject is 'extinct. The
people are preoccupied with other things,
and it will require some new develop
ment to kindle them again. There are
some developments which a few weeks
ago provoked violent comments and
which papers to-day scarcely mentioned.
The Italian Government, in conse
quence of a statement made by a witness
not examined in the Zola trial, has just
decided to recall Colonel Panlzzardi. its
military attache, who is alleged to have
taken an active part in the Dreyfus af
fair. According to a statement wnich is
not denied Colonel Panizzardi had per
sonal relations, not explained, with Ma
jor Esterhazy. In leaving Paris he fol
lows the example of Colonel Schwartz
koppen, German military attache, who
was recalled to Berlin at a moment when
his name was brought up in connection
with the Esterhazy trial.
Almost Causes a Child's Death.
SOLEDAD, April 16.— Some one entered
the residence of L. V. McKenzle, a
rancher living ten miles south of this
place, while he was absent last week,
and, after ransacking the house, scat
tered a number of bichloride of mercury
tablets, which were in a trunk, about
the floor. Yesterday, when McKenzie re
turned, his 18-month-old baby found and
ate one of the tablets, which nearly cost
its life.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
YOELL CHARGED
WITH CRUELTY
Wife of the Capitalist
Brings a Suit for
Divorce.
Declares That She Fears to
Longer Remain Under
His Roof.
Asks for Half of the Community
Property, Which Is Valued at
Over 5200.000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, April 16.— Mrs. Enrly C.
Yoell to-day began suit against J. Alex
ander Yoell, the capitalist, for a divorce
on the ground of extreme and continued
cruelty. The Yoells are prominent soci
ety people, and the suit will create some
commotion among the upper ten. About
a year ago similar suit for divorce was
commenced, but the action was subse
quently dismissed at the request of the
plaintiff. Following close upon this Mrs.
Yoeil went through insolvency and re
ceived her discharge in the insolvency
proceedings about a month ago. Her lia
bilities amounted to over $20,000, and two
t».irds of this sum was for indorsements
on notes of her son, Attorney John H.
Yoell of this city. There were no assets,
and great opposition arose from credit
ors to her taking advantage of the in
solvency ac owing to the great wealth
of her husband.
In the divorce complaint filed to-day
Mrs. Yoell charges her husband with ex
treme crueiiy. They were married on
August 3, 1862, and she alleges that two
years later her husband commenced his
unkind, harsh and tyrannical conduct
toward her. which has continued with
slight intermissions until the present
time. She says he possessed such a vio
lent passion and ungovernable temper
that she and the children were compelled
to withdraw from the pleasures of social
intercourse and not invite any one to the
house for fear that he would get Into one
of his "ugly fits" and abuse the visitors.
Furthermore, she says life has become
unbearable with him and that she is
afraid to live with him. On several occa
sions, she alleges, he called her a "black
hearted wretch" and a "she-devil."
The complaint alleges that tne estate is
all community property and is worth over
$200,000. Mrs. Yoell wants one-half of this
and 1500 a month alimony. There are
I seven children.
Yoell, until a few years ago, was a
prominent lawyer of this city. He is
worth fully a half-million dollars, and
I has large property interests in San Fran
cisco. ________^_____
EXEMPTS WILL
VISIT SAN RAFAEL
Old - Time Firemen of San
Francisco to Participate
in the Carnival.
Will Give an Exhibition of Fire-
Fighting as It Was Don© in
Early Days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April 16.— Vigorous work
for the rose festival continues and arches
In all stages of completion may be seen
in various parts of the town. With such
men as Director-General E. W. Newhall
and Assistant Director Charles B. Tidball
at the helm, the ship qZ festivity cannot
fall to t>e steered to success. W. N. An
derson, chairman of the executive com
mittee, P. T. Burtchaell, president of the
Ten Thousand Club, and Emmet Hayden,
vice-president of the same organization,
have done excellent work. To these five
men may be ascribed the future success
of the undertaking.
Exempt firemen to the number of ten
came over to-day from San Francisco
and completed arrangements for partici
pation in the festival. A unique feature
will be an exhibition by them of the
process by which a fire was extinguished
in early days.
The press committee met this evening
and decided to provide for a generous en
tertainment of newspaper representatives
during the two days of gayety. Head
quarters have been engaged in the Peters
block. Director-General Newh^all has ap
pointed Vickory and Gregory Eickhoff
sons of City Trustee Eickhoff, pages to
the queen.
MRS S. CASTRO DIES
IN GREAT POVERTY.
SALINAS, April 16.— Mrs. Sacramento
Castro, one of the oldest native Califor
nlans, died at Gonzales this morning,
aged 85 years. She was born near Santa
Cruz, and during her early years and
maturer life was a reigning belle among
the most aristocratic circles of the ter
ritory and State. She was a member by
birth of the celebrated Rodriguez family
of Santa Cruz, which possessed great
wealth and influence in Mexican affairs
and which was a decided factor In the
early history of this commonwealth. Mrs
Castro herself owned a great part of the
site on which the city of Santa Cruz is
built, until about forty years ago. She
died in great poverty and leaves no rela
tives la this county.
BASEBALL RIOT
AT NEW YORK
Infraction of the "Anti-
Kicking" Rule Causes
Trouble.
Umpire Snyder Made a Target
for a Volley of
Cushions.
Squad of Policemen Necessary to
Escort Him From the
Grounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 16.— The New York-
Boston game at the Polo grounds ended
in a disgraceful manner this afternoon.
Exceptions were taken by the spectators
to the decision which allowed two runs
being- scored against the home team and
to the putting out of the game of Glea-
Bon for kicking his glove to show his dis
pleasure at the decisions. Approaching
the grand stand to eject a spectator who
had hurled an epithet at him, Umpire
Snyder was met by a volley of cushions,
while curses and cries of "Lynch him,"
"Kill him," rent the air. After a time
the game was resumed, but on its ter
mination a squad of policemen had to
escort Snyder from the grounds. Attend
ance 18,000. Score:
Boston I;** H E.
Boston 4 8 2
Sew York 2 5 5
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; Doheny and
Warner. Umpire— Snyder; assistant. Curry.
ST. LOUIS. April 16.-The Chicaero-St.
Louis game was stopped on account of
fire at the baseball park at the end of
the first inning.
BALTIMC-IE, April Over 6500 peo
ple passed the turnstiles to witness the
opening game here between the Orioles
and Senators. McJames pitched master
ful ball for Baltimore, and, had he been
given proper support, would have
shut out the visitors. Doyle, the Sena
tors' first baseman, injured his hand slid
ing in the first inning, after having been
presented with a diamond ring by his
former associates and retired in favor of
Farrell. There was an entire absence of
wrangling and kicking throughout the
game. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 8 17 , 5
Washington 3 8 1
Batteries— McJames and Clarke: Weyhing and
McGulre. Umpires— Lynch and Connelly.
PHILADELPHIA, April Over 16,000
people saw Brooklyn defeat Philadelphia
this afternoon in the opening game of the
season here. Mayor Warwick tossed the
first ball over the plate. The Phillies out
batted and outfielded the Brooklynites,
but the latter managed to win by oppor
tune hitting, combined with the errors of
the Phillies. Score:
■ "R. tt t;»
Philadelphia 6 8 3
Brooklyn 7 7 6
Batteries— Donahue and McFarland; Kennedy
and Ryan. Umpires— Emslle and Andrews.
CINCINNATI. April 16.— Reds were
unable to hit Powell to-day at times
when hits meant runs. Both pitchers did
good work. The features of the game
were the sensational fielding of Wallace
and the hitting of Elmer Smith. Atten
dance, 5600. Score:
K. H. E.
Clnolnnatl 16 0
Cleveland 3 7 3'
Batteries— Hill and Feltz; Powell and O'Con
nor. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
LOUISVILLE, April 16.— Pittsburgs
won to-day's game in the first Inning,
scoring three runs on two bases on balls,
a passed ball and two singles. But for an
error by McCarthy the hom§ team would
have been shut out. Attendance, 3500.
Score: " '•■*•■* . '"'• * ■•
R. H.. E.
Plttsburg 3 8 3
Louisville •• 1 6 2 1
Batteries— and Schriever: Dowllng and
Dexter. Umpires — Cushman and Heydler.
CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS
AT NEWPORT TRACK.
Three Jockeys Injured, a Horse
Killed and Two Permanently
Crippled.
CINCINNATI, April 16.— As a result of
two bad accidents at Newport to-day,
three jockeys are in the hospital, a race
horse is dead and two others probably
permanently crippled. The jockeys that
were hurt are Ross, Murray and Gormley.
Murray's and Gormley's collarbones were |
broken, while Ross' >ack was severely I
wrenched. The accidt v i to Ross and Mur- I
ray occurred while' the field was passing i
the first quarter pole in a half-mile dash. !
Ross was on Hermlon and Murray on
Ernest Wiles. Hermion stumbled, caus
ing Ernest Wiles to go over him. Dressier
| fell with Gormley at the last sixteenth
I pole in the fourth race. She was winning
| easily, when the boy let go of her head
and the filly went down, with her rider
under her. Her leg was broken and she
had to be killed directly in front of the
grand stand.
"Weather fine: track heavy.
One mile, selling, Rockwood won. Pop
Dlxon second, Royal Choice third. Time,
1:47.
Four furlongs, selling, Norma Taylor
won, Protect second, Flying Bird third.
Time, .5114.
Six furlongs, selling, Deerfoot won.
Rover second, The Naulahke third. Time,
1:31.
Four and a half furlongs, Shinfane won,
Luna second, Castin third. Time, :54.
One mile and twenty yards, His Brother
won, Pete Kitchen second, Allie Belle
tnird. Time. 1:46.
Seven furlongs, selling, Little Music
won, Oxnard second, Onagon third. Time,
1:30.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— Results at
Bennings:
Six and one-half furlongs, selling—Plan
tain won. Tinkler second, Snapshot third.
Time, 1:20^.
Mount Vernon stakes, for 2-year-old
fillies, four furlongs— Prestldigitatrice
won. Chemisette second, Sister F. Fox
third. Time, :51.
Owners' handicap, one mile— Banwell
won. Sophomore second, Duchess Annette
third. Time, l:49*i.
Two-year-olds, selling, four furlongs—
Tyran won. Sir Kenneth second. Special
ist third. Time, :51%. Tyran disqualified
for foul. Sir Kenneth placed first and
others moved up.
Eastern steepiechase for 4-year-olds and
upward, about two miles — Marsian won,
Ingot second, Rustan third. Time, -4:20.
MEMPHIS, Term., April 16.— Weather
pleasant, track fast.
Four and one-half furlongs — Lieber An
ton won, John Mannon second, To Be
third. Time, :56.
Mile— Banished won, Mlllstream second,
Eitholin third. Tim", 1:44»4.
Seven-eighths of a mile, Tennessee
Brewing Company stakes— High Jinks
won, Tlmemaker second, Estaca third.
Time, 1:2S?&.
Mile and a sixteenth, allowances— Reap
won, Boanerges second, Performance
third. Time, l:50U-
Half mile, maiden two-year-olds— Ruth
Black won. Lizzie Kelly second, Irene F
third. Time, :51.
Three-fourths of a mile, selling—Sidon
ian won. Al Lone second, Sedan third.
Time, 1:18)6.
Five Mile Road Race.
SAN JOSE, April 16.— The five-mile
handicap road race of the High School
Wneelmen this morning was won by D.
Cameron (scratch). Delbert Wells was
second. The time was 13:52.
Mrs. Mahala Bentley of Bloomington.
111., whose mother was with Daniel Boone
at the siege of Boonesboro and whose
mother's sister was the first white child
born in Kentucky, has entered upon her
second century of life. She is reported to
be as active as most women of 60, and
with the apparent, vitality to carry her
over to the next century, when she will
have lived in three centuries.
A hunter near Cumberland, Md., shot
a swan that was four feet four inches
tall and had a spread of wings of six
feet nine inches.
ON THE OJAI
VALLEY COURTS
Close of the Tennis Tour
nament at Pretty
Nordhoff.
Men From the South Make a
Better Showing on the
Last Day.
Succeed in Winning Three Matches
Because of Robert Whitney's
Lack of Form.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, April 16.— This was the
second and last day of the great tennis
tournament between the champions of
north and south in Ojai Valley. The
crowd was vastly increased over that
of yesterday and the grand stand was
crowded all day, trains bringing num
bers of people from Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara. The weather was
slightly warmer than yesterday, but it
was delightful for tennis, and the boys
all played at their best. The play of
the day before was sufficient to show
that Southern Californians were out
classed in almost every instance, but
to-day they managed to win three
matches out of five, giving them a to
tal of four matches for the tournament.
Robert Whitney was the unfortunate
from the north who enabled the south
ern members to score in each instance.
He was not up to form and it was this
which accounted for his defeat. His
playing was ' quite amusing to those
who have watched him at his best.
The first match of the day was played
|at 9:30 between Sumner Hardy and
Thatcher. This was a close match and
Hardy had the hardest work of the
tournament cut out for him. The match
I was characterized by two deuce sets
I and the play was most exciting. In
the first set the play stood at 5—5,5 — 5,
Hardy finally winning in 7—5, and
I the next set resulted in the same score.
I The ladies in the grand stand applaud
' ed Thatcher to the echo on every bril
i liant play.
In the next match Samuel Hardy
| beat Rowan in two straights, 6—3, 6—3.
! Rowan played much better than yes-
I terday, but he could not down the man
i from the North.
George Whitney and Bumiller next
! crossed racquets with disastrous re
' suits to the latter. The score was
I 4—6, 6—l, 6—3. Bumiller played his
best in the first set and won it, but
' when Whitney "put a little steam on"
he soon pulled ahead.
In the next match between Oliver
! Picher and Robert Whitney the
; Southern people had a chance to shout.
Whitney played wild, while Picher was
as steady as a clock, winning by a
score of 6—2, 6—2.
In the afternoon the first match was
between Picher and Sam Hardy and
was the fastest and most brilliant of
all matches of the tournament. The
! spectators went wild with excitement.
Picher forged ahead at the start, but
Hardy's smashes proved too much for
him and he went down before a score
of 7—5, 6—3. Both men were badly
i winded at the close of the match.
Bumiller and Robert Whitney played
a fast match, resulting in a score of
6—3, 6—4 in favor of the little fellow
from Los Angeles.
Rowan vs. Sumner Hardy was the
next match, which was won by the lat
ter by a score of 6—3,6 — 3, 6—2.6 — 2.
Thatcher defaulted in his match with
George Whitney and it was accorded
to the latter.
The match which called out the most
enthusiasm was the doubles between
Hardy brothers and Thatcher and Ro
wan. The play was fast and brilliant,
but the northerners were easy win
ners by a score of 6—l,6 — 1, 6 — i.
Robert W 7 hitney defaulted in the dou
ble of Whitney brothers vs. Picher and
Bumiller and the match was awarded
to the south, giving them a record of
four games during the tournament
against sixteen for the northern boys.
The tournament was a success in
every way, including the financial end
of it. Great credit is due W. L.
Thatcher, who labored ir^defatigably
from the inception to the end of the
event. The affair wound up with a
dance to-night at Casa de Pieclra, the
famous boys' school conducted by Mr.
Thatcher in the Ojai.
STURDY FIGHTERS
ARhIVE AT KEY WEST
Two Companies of Colored Troops of
the Twenty - Fifth Regiment
Ready for the Invasion.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 16.— The col
ored soldiers. Companies A and G,
Twenty-fifth Infantry, U. S. A., arrived
here on the steamer Key West at 10:30
to-night. They will remain on board
to-night, as no provision has been made
to accommodate them at the barracks
here. They may be given tents to-mor
row on the parade ground.
In spite of the local papers predicting
that trouble would follow the arrival of
colored troops here, leading to a de
monstration against them at the pier,
there was no excitement of any kind
when the steamer came in, and neither
cheers nor hisses greeted the soldiers.
They have been stationed in Montana
and other Eastern States, where they
were famous for discipline, and look
like good fighters.
Prevents Shipments of Cattle.
CARSON, April 16.— Governor Sadler
says no California cattle have yet been
shipped through Nevada. California pro
poses shipping stock to Southern Oregon,
which necessitate a transfer at Reno,
New, from the Southern Pacific to the
N. C. and O. Railroad. The Governor will
prevent this until a quarantine station is
established. For stock passing East the
quarantine station is at Wadsworth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
< 3J*MMAiy El EPTDIP DEI TO
/!^^^^^& tLtu I nSu DEL 1 5
|Kjl/ \\ rj /r \ M^^ A J* ,°,°' 1 thlntrs if properly made, but some of
Vn9£toft*»~Nv I / y <f"Kmm the things which are sold as ••electric belts"
"^^gp^|^^ actf'p prlct -' s by unprincipled quacks are
actually not worth 5 cents apiece. If you want
B^fßoaSto-«-\aS^^sp^ZL a p d elt> one to last a reasonable lonpth of
I* VVv^Tent^ /T*~^^<Es\ Ul ] ie ' a , nd fIU you wlth Electricity from the
// / X Vilf!^W^- Tr\\ • soles of your feet to the top of your head
' -?IV^- you MLST have "Dr. Pierces , for it is the'
•'*af l.T— BEST and is warranted to be exactly as represented.
Vifik r Jt= r ~ TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill this entire
• /tfvtL newspaper. Send for our Free Book. No. 2. It gives price list
/I \ • and tells all about it. Or call at office and examine the goods
BUT BE SURE YOU
BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES.
IF RUPTURED, ask also for our latest "PAMPHLET No. 1."
ADDRESS, or call on the
Pierce Electric Co., 620 Market St.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL, S. F. '
BEATTI-E ; OFFlCE— Sullivan block, 712 First aye.. Seattle. "Wash.
BETTER THAN
UNCERTAINTY
England Quite Prepared
for Hostilities to
Begin.
Naval Experts Think the First
Battle Will Be Between
the Combined Fleets.
Outside of Great Britain There Is a
Most Bitter Feeling Against the
"Aggressive Yankees."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 16.— After a momen
tary fit of depression there has been a
sudden recrudescence of optimism in
banking circles, notably among the |
banks closely allied with the United
States. Four-fifths of the people, how
ever, expect war and think it will be an
improvement on the present state of
uncertainty. They do not believe the
Sagasta Ministry, even if it is ready to
bow to all the American demands, is
strong enough to contend with the ris
ing storm of Spanish pride or the half
veiled menaces of the army and the
Carlist pretender. So a conflict is ex- j
pected to be reached through Spain re
senting the action of America and by
Congress declaring that a state of war
exists, as in the case of Mexico.
The hide-bound, anti-freedom doc
trinaries, who are pretending to cen
sure Congress and President McKin
ley, are received with open expressions
of vexation and even disgust. The
opinion of the great majority of Eng
lishmen is that the United States is
indisputably right and that she is
only pursuing a course identical with
Great Britain's historical policy in put
ting an end to the appalling misgov
ernment of Spain, which is wholly in
the wrong, and they point out that
England, in a similar position, would
have been as equally inflamed by hu
man emotions as America is at pres
ent.
This feeling was exemplified at the
Liberal banquet at Plymouth last even
ing, when William Alexander McAr
thur, M. P., a former lord of the treaF
u*y, was heartily cheered when he
said: "I do not think England has
any right to throw stones at Congress.
Englishmen should only applaul the
ruble indignation of America at the
horrors daily presented during the las-t
two years."
The Cabinet is expected to meet early
next week and deal with the question
of neutral vessels in tho event of war.
It is believed some understanding >vill
! be awarded between the great powers,
and the United States is prepared to
acquiesce to certain conditions whic'V.
will not impose heavy burdens upon
neutral governments.
Outside of Great Britain the feeling
toward the United States is distinctly
hostile. The inspired Government or
gans of the continent express indigna
tion at the way the United States has
"ignored the concerted powers," and
speak of the "swaggering American
self-conceit." The inherent dislike of
the continental monarchies for the
great republic is due to its very great
prosperity, which is inimical to mon
archical principle, and this dislike is
cropping out in all directions, proba
bly aided by the thirst for a chance of
colonizing, or absorbing Spanish Amer
ica, from which they are at present de
barred by the long arm of the repub
lic. The fact seems to be that the
continental observers foresee the in
evitable expansion of Anglo-Saxonism.
British naval experts discredit the
report that the United States will frit
ter away her forces by a simultaneous
attack u">on the different Spanish col
onies. They point out that Spain has
shown her appreciation of the most im
portant element of naval strategy,
namely, that sea power can only be
upheld by a >mbined fleet. By her
concentrating a formidable force at the
Cape Verde Islands the naval men an
ticipate that a big engagement be
tween the combined fleets will be
fought in the neighborhood of Porto
Rico.
There is Intense excitement among
the members of the American colony
here. Their thirst for information Is so
great that a private news service has
been arranged. American ladies are
discussing the question of organizing
to assist the wounded immediately
after war is declared. It is understood
that the interesting questions will come
up in the House of Commons Monday
relative to neutral ships in the event
of war.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Ah-Wah-Nee Tribe announces an en
tertainment and dance for next Wednes
day evening in Thorns Hall, East Oak
land.
The chiefs of Grey Eagle Tribe are
making arrangements for their second
annual pow-wow.
Tecumseh Tribe at its last held meeting
had its wigwam crowded, and among the
many visitors there were ch'.efs from nine
tribes. There were talks by William
Betts, P. G. S.; W. J. Robinson, D. D. G.
S., and a varied programme, in which G.
W. Collins. G. S. S.; G. W. Scaddin, P. S.;
H. B. Jennings, G. M.; H. H. Hussey. P.
S. ; J. Darnea and others took part. Then
followed a feast of corn and venison.
This tribe has the promise of a number of
palefaces who wish to become red men.
On the second Tuesday in May Ca
manche Tribe of Elmhurst will give a
grand entertainment in its pleasant wig
wam.
Great Sachem F. A. "Whipple was in the
city last week and he will remain a few
days, during which time he will arrange
a series of visitations to tribes and coun
cilß in this city and in Oakland.
"It's a hard world," remarked the un
fortunate as he picked himself up after
his tenth fall from his bicycle.
"But there's a soft thln X for those who
follow the water cart." replied the man
who had tried it.— Boston Transcript.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PROBLEM SOLVED.
THE NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY
TESTED.
Results of the Test in Various Forms o».i
Dyspepsia. 1
Chronic indigestion or i /spepsia,
while a very common trouble, has for
some time been looked upon by ablu
physicians as a serious thin"- and that
no time sho-ld be lost in treating lc
properly at the start, because recent
researches have .own that the most
serious, fatal and incurable diseased
have their origin in simple dyspepsia
or indigestion.
Diabetes is simply one form of indi-
gestion, the sugar and starchy food not
being assimilated by the digestive or-
gans. In Bright's disease the albumen
is not prop iy assimilated.
While consumption and dyspepsia
are twin diseases, and it is beyontf
question that dyspepsia makes a fer-
tile soil for the seeds of consumption.
But the trouble has bee., to find a
reirn^y that could be depended upon
to cure dyspepsia, as it is notoriously
obstinate and difficult to cure.
This ha? been the question which haa
puzzled physicians and dyspeptics
alike, until the question was solved
three years ago by the appearance of
a new dyspepsia cure in the medical
world known as Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, which it was claimed was i\
certain, reliable cure for every form
of stomach .rouble.
Physicians, however, woul not ac-
cept .such statements without first giv-
ing the new remedy many tests and
carefully observing results.
For three years the remedy has been
thoroughly tested in every section ot
the country and with surprising and
satisfactory results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can ba
honestly claimed to be a specific, a
radical lastin- cure for indigestion in
the various formr of acid dyspepsia or
sour stomach, gas or wind on stomach, -
too much bile, undue fullness or pres- f
sure after eating and similar symptoms
resulting fron. disordered digestion.
Stuafs Dyspepsia Tablets were not
placed before the public until this three
years' trial left no doubt as to their
value and they have recently been
placed in the trade and can be found
on sale at all druggists at the nominal
price of 50 cents per package.
No extravagant claims are made for
the remedy. It will not cure rheuma-
tism, pneumonia, typhoid fever nor
anything but just what it is claimed to
cure and that is every form of stomacl*
trouble.
No dieting is necessary, good whole-
some food and plenty of it and you
may rest assured that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets will digest it.
Druggists claim for it that it is a
pleasure to recor^-iend it t' dyspeptics,
because it o iv s uch universal satis-
faction.
Little book on stomach diseases sent
free by addressing Stuart Co., Mar-
shall, Mich.
No deception practiced.
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous . j
10 CEMTTRIAL size.
i ''^^ €h Ojv - v " ■ ? f
Ely's Cream Balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious (.nig. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
I Passage* Allays Pain and Inflammation. Ueala
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Senses
o? Taste and Smell. Is qnickly absorbed. Gives
Relief at once. 60 cts. at Drnggista or by mail,
Trial Size 10 cts. at Druggists or by mail.
V r- -T-,7i.-i>< , Wqrrpn Street, New York
PA/4 Oo
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forms.
■■ "WRITE if you cannot call. t.Wz-
CONSULTATION FREE 'and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book, "Guide)
to Health," free. .- Jj
F. L. SVVEANY, M. D., $'.£
-737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
WHOLESALE DEALER IN
Foreign and California Coke.
YARD :
300 TO 308 HOWARD STREET,
CORNER BEALE STREET.
Office: 813 Folsom Street.
ALL SIZES Embroidered TurkisH
r^^m^^^R^r^ SUPPERS
If* c Postpaid. te?flSs*!XFor Womet. Col-
11 — __/r'- "" "^ oih:- Hlue, Pink,
-^6s^4_^*^ Ke.i, Black, Lay.
ender, Tan, Maroon, Canary, Yelli v.
SHORT PEOPLE MADE TALL
By Invisible Appliances rearm*"**
worn iv ttieirrpjnJlar size shots. < <f < S^r i rU^
By mail, per pair, *4 in. Ladies'.^iggfa^BS^SS
25c; 1 in. 16c: Men's. U in.. 50c:^"^^ — — —
in., T5. ADAMS & CO., «th l*e.*»> ' "" '*
BARKENTINE LESLIE D
SAILS FOR *
KOTZEBUE SOUND
Via Seattle
from Harrison-street wharf promptly on April
20. Freight received on Monday, April 18, till
date of Ballinr. :
A few ■ remaining berths may be secured at
office, i
3<5 E.FKST STREET.
' . C. J. JORGEXSEX. Owner.
f^ j • . -*' CTTHED while ~s■
Stncture^H-
Dr. Cvter'i GRA.\-3( LVENT Boagies will dislodge, digest •*'
tad forerer remore Crethr»l STBICTUBB in 15 day!. BocgiM
diaulre in .three bourn, esring while 7011 sleep. Caret Gleet
tad Kaltrited ProsUte. Valntble trcktlse frne. .
ST. JAMES ASS'K, i,_.BQi» T D HILL, OuNARROWLY
ESCAPED A
SHUTOUT
Berkeley Drops a
Game to the Stan
ford Team.
Crimsons Develop Great
Speed and Score a
Dozen. Tallies.
Two Runs in the Eighth by
Merest Chance All Cali
fornia Gets.
PROFESSIONALS AT BAT.
A Lopsided Contest at Central Park
League Games In Interior
Cities.
Over in the northeast section of the
grand stand at Recreation Park yester
day half a hundred young demons with
heavily armored lungs and magazines
filled with ammunition touched off a
large assortment of unintelligible yells
and evidently intended to convey the im
pression that they were to "jolly"' along
nine young men in crimson sweaters out
In the field and to strike terror o nine
other young men in blu# and gold who
•were opposing them in the great national
game.
Down in the southwest corner of the
Ftand was another band of insurgents
Fimilarly armed and equipned, who were
performing like service for the blue and
gold. That is. they were for a time— say
until the close of the second skirmish
but after that their ammunition gave
out, or their lungs were pierced, or they
pot cold feet, or something; anyhow they
Seemed to lose interest in the game and
wre only heard from once in a while
■when they fired a desultory volley more
by way of defiance at the sympathetic
expressions that were sent to them from
the They didn't want any sym
pathy of that sort. What they longed for
■wns the shades of night and solitude.
To add to the discord -were some in
flammatory' decisions by Weyler Gagus,
after being threatened witht execu
tion he. too, subsided, and no casualties
Occurred.
Aside from the din and the fireworks
there was much in the contest to interest
the most bloodthirsty crank. The Stan
fords went on the diamond determined
to wipe out their defeat of the week be
fore, and they did. Although they played
the same team they had in the field the
preceding Saturday, one could hardly
realize it. for the improvement the men
Fhowed was astonishing. Perhaps their
defeat did them good, at any rate they
discarded the idiotic idea that they could
bunt and beat the ball tc first; instead,
they swatted it with all the vim and vigor
of heavyweight professionals. Their
fieldfngr and base running was fully in
keeping with their batting-, and altogether
they conducted themselves like real ball
players.
Their cannonading of TTaarsburg, who a
•wt-ek before they could hardly touch, was
so effective that in the sixth he retired
from the game in favor of Sims. But
th« Improvement was not noticeable.
Berkeley, on the other hand, let down
woefully in the speed it showed at the
opening game, nine errors being ample
testimony as to the raggredness of its
work. Then, too. five scattering hits were
all Beckett could be found for. But while
the score was topheavy, and for seven
Innings it looked as though Berkeley
■would get nothing but goslings in the
Bhell, it was a pretty contest to watch.
Thf-re was some brilliant fielding on both
Eides, and many a professional game has
be< n played here that would bear no com
parison with that of the collegians.
Stanford scored three runs in the sec
ond on a combination of hits and errors,
and added another in the fourth. Three
more fell to them in the fifth and one
each in the sixth and seventh. Then at
final turn at bat they took another
1 m h of three, making a total of twelve.
Berkeley got their brace in the eighth
by a fluke. With one out Hoag rapped
out a double. Cheesbrough hit the ball
to the pitcher and Hoag beat the throw
to second. Bride got soaked in the slats
filing the bases. Sims dropped the ball
a: The pitcher's feet and Hoag was
caught at the plate, 'men Collins plunked
out a nice single to center, scoring Chees
brough and Bride. But Sims went to
fleep a short distance from second, and
when he awoke Gagus informed him that
H>m<:-thlng had happened during the in
terval.
Both teams having won a game, the
final contest next Saturday will be a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For
The
Children's
Benefit
It is with some pleasure that we are
able to announce to-day that we have a
complete department of Children's Wear.
Heretofore our business has been
confined to Men's and Youth's Ready-
Made and Made-to-Order Clothing,
Gents' Furnishing Goods and Hats.
We have given the men such good
satisfaction, and our business has in-
creased so decidedty, that we feel as-
sured that the mothers of San Francisco
will appreciate this departure.
S.N.WOOD&CO
718 fIARKET STREET.
fierce one, with the cnances even.
Following is the result of yesterday's
trouble:
California — AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Meln. c 4 0 10 6 12
Hoag-. c. f 4 0 2 0 0 1 1
Cheesborough, 1. f... 3 1 0 0 2 0 0
Bride, lb 3 1 0 1 8 1 1
Kaarsburg, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Collins, r. f 4 0 2 0 10 0
McCabe, s. s 3 o o n s 2 2
McLaren, 2b 3 0 0 0 111
Bner. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 i '-'
Sims, p l o 0 0 0 0 0
TotaJs 32 2 B 1 24 10 9
Stanfords— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
LiOUßheed. s. s 4 0 0 0 3 4 1
Strohn, c 4 2 2 3 4 1 0
Wight, c. f 4 2 1110 0
B.'okett, p 4 0 0 0 0 fi 0
Youne. lb 5 3 4 0 14 0 0
Murphy, 1. t 5 2 2 12 0 0
Harris. 2b 5 I 2 1 0 3 0
Klauber. 3b 4 1 n 1 3 3 1
Swindells, r. t 3 0 3 1 0 0 0
Totals 3S 12 13 8 27 17 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
California* 0 00000020—2
Base hits 1 1 0 0 1 0 02 o— s
Star.fords 0 3 10 3 113 •— l2
Base hits 1 3 0 2 3 112 •— l3
Two-base hits— Hoa*. Sacrifice hits— Me-
Laren. Base on errors— Californlas 2, Stanfords
4. Base on balls— Callfornlaa 2, Stanfords 3.
Left on bases— Californias 6. Stanfords 9.
Struck out— By Kaarsburg 3. Sims 2. Beckett 3.
Hit by pitcher— i-.auber, Swindells (2). Beck
ett, Bride. Double • lay— McCabe to Mcßride;
Baer to McCabe tn Bride. Passed balls— Meln
2. Time of game— Two hours. Umpire— Gagus.
Official scorer— Alfred Haslacher.
A RAGGED GAME.
A small crowd witnessed the defeat of
the Oaklands at the hands of the Athlet-
NOT A BLUE DAY FOR THE CARDINAL.
ics at Central Park yesterday in an un
interesting and extremely ragged exhibi
tion of bail playing. The following score
tells what has been omitted:
Athletics— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Knell, 3 b 4 0 10 5 2 4
P.-ailter, 1 b 6 2 3 0 7 0 0
Bliss, c. f 4 1 1 0 i (i n
Scott, c 4 3 2 0 8 2 0
White, ss 4 3 10 0 3 2;
H Mertes, 2 b 2 1 1 0 0 ] |
Fitzpatrirk. r. f 5 2 10 3 0 0
HiMPbTandt. 1. f....5 3 2 1 1 0 Oi
Smith, p 5 4 2 0 2 0 1'
Totals 33 19 14 1 27 8 ~8
Ookland— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Ward, 2 b 7 12 0 2 131
Hammond, c 8 3 0 0 5 S 0]
Pyne, c. f 6 2 2 0 2 0 0,
doll. 1. f 4 4 2 12 0 0
Eaßan. 1 b and p 5 1 2 0 1 3 2
Dunleavy, lb and p..fi 2 3 0 7 0 1
Killings, ss 5 1 2 0 2 4 0
Russell, p 2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Brockhoff, 3 b 5 0 2 0 3 2 2
McKee. r. f 4 0 1 0 o 0 0
Totals 50 14 1G 1 24 14 8
Runs by Innings.
Oaklands 0 3 2 3 0 0 6 1 o—l4
Base hits 0 4 14 2 12 2 o—l6
Athletics 8 2 0 2 4 2 0 1 •— lO
Base hits 3 3 2 2 2 0 11 •— n
Summary— Runs responsible for— Russell 8,
Eapan 4, Smith 7. Two-base Jnits- — Smith 2,
White, B. Mertes, Pyne 2, Croll. First base on
errors— Athletics 5, Oaklands 7. First base on
called balls— Athletics 4, Oaklands 12. Left
on bases— Athletics 11. Oaklands 15. Struck out
—By Russell 1. by Eagan 1, by Smith 7. Hit
by pitcher— Croll, Billings, White, Bliss, Scott,
Mertes. Passed balls— Hammond 2. Wild
pitrhes — Russell 1. Eagan 1. Time of game—
2:15. Umpire— Levy.
TO-DAY'S GAMES.
San Jose to Meet the Local
Team at Recreation '
Park.
McGlynn's florists will do another turn
with Bunker's men at Recreation Park
to-day in the California League cham
pionship series, and the game promises
to be one of the hottest of the season, as
both teams have been strengthened dur
ing the week. The management promises
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
to spring a novelty at the game, but Is
careful not to say what it is. The make
up of the teams Is as follows:
Pan Francisco. Position. San Jose.
Monahan Third base Collins
K rug Second base Sheehan
Murphy First base Sykes
Hearty Left field Van Norden
Lee Right field Goodwin
James Shortstop Williams
Connelly Centpr field. .Kelly or Weed
Stroeker Catcher Ford
Murphy or Whaien.. Pitcher Wheeler
PACIFIC STA*ES LEAGUE.
At Central Park the Athletics, or as
they were formerly known, the Olympics,
will meet the San Franciscos in a regular
game for the Pacific States League cham
pionship. The make-up Is:
Athletics. Position. San Francisco.
gjo« t Catcher Drews
Fltzpatrlck Pitcher. .Johnson or Perrine
J'oulter First base l>evy
;> J}i te Second base Riley
Johnston Third base Mertes
Smith Shortstop Stulz
gjuljer L Lete f t field Kroghan
Hil.ibrand Center 'field Mclntyre
g, nell Right field Waltrous
Bliss Extra
THE HOME TEAM JUST WON
SACRAMENTO, April 16.— The Sacra
mento and Oakland teams of the Califor
nia Baseball League played by far the
finest game of ball seen here this season,
the former team winning by a score of
5 to 4.
The visitors led off with two runs in
the first inning, but from that time until
the ninth they did not get a man within
hailing distance of the plate. The locals
brought In one run in the fourth, one in
the fifth and three in the eighth, while
in their half of the ninth the visitors
added two to their string. Score: Sac
ramento 5, base hits o. errors 4; Oakland
4, base hits 5, errors 5.
A Chicken Barbecue.
A splendid day's pleasure Is promised
for to-day at the fourteenth annual pic
nic of Lodge No. 1, Journeymen Butch
ers' Protective and Benevolent Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast, which will take
place at Agricultural Park. San Jose.
The special train will leave the depot at
the corner of Third and Townsend streets
at 9:15 o'clock, and returning will leave
San Jose at 6 p. m. The principal fea
ture of the day will be the "chicken bar
becue," a new and novel event in the
history of barbecues on this coast. Thou-
sands of chickens have been procured,
and under the supervision of one of the
members of the association who has at
tended many similar events in the E.ist
<?rn States a delicious repast is antici
pated. Besides this dancing will continue
all day in the pavilion, and the commit
tee in charge has prepared many other
interesting and pleasurable exercises
To those who have not already procured
tickets notice is given that the samo can
nad from members and the committee
i«i the depot this morning. T!ie proceeds
of the picnic will be devoted 10 the chari
iabie fund of the association for the care
and maintenance of the sick and needy
and it is expected that this year's picnic
will lie the greatest financial success
yet scored by the association.
"THE CALL'S' 1 RACING CHART.
C A w! F P RN nL A + JOCK f V CLUB -Oakland Track-W-Sd day of the
.V' Winter Meeting. Saturday. April 16.1898. Weather fine. Track
; TclSt.
911.
FIRST RACE-Six furlongs; selling;
BK4 Daily R. Fofm, 5... SO!
867 Mocorlto. 3 92;
SS9 Loch Ness. 4 106;
625 Diggs. a 103;
660 Rebel Jack, 3 1041
839 Sea Snray, 6 97 1
898 Howard, a 100 !
89S Nervoso, 6 97:
909 Rlcardo, a 97|
868 Towanda. 3 90|
867 Mocorlto. 3 . .:.::.: 92 : " VS. 31 l\* v* JS 4 SvSi "3 18-5
s6s 65 ^ 8 Ne a 8a 8S ' 4 101 l ::: 2 * * h «h «SSt •:::::: E 1 82058 20 5
898 Howard, a 100 1 8 5, « «2 Joe Weber.... 15 X
89S Nen-oso 6 ...977 " 5n KU 7i 4 I McDonald ... 12 15
909 Rlcardo a . 97i I I" 9 " o % I 1I 1 5 SfiT 8011 « 30
863 - Towanda. 3 90J ... ... ... 9 .. 9 , De^n":::::."' 15 50
• Left. ~ ~ ~ — — ~ ~'- 2°
I 2
! 6
; 4
3
I 5
2
171 7
1 1
ij
1 1
3 1
2 1
4 1
6 1%
S 3
j:5 7 I*V
5 n
9
1 IV4
3 1
24
4 <A
6 n
8
7 2
1 IV4 *
8 1
2 h
4 4
6 1
8
6%
7 1
9
\ 1 4
2 2
3 Vi
4 h
64
6 2
7 3
8
9
<iray
Woods
Piggott
Dorsey
spencer
Joe Weber
McDonald ...
Clawson
Kulz
Devln
- i-ieii. —
Bad T l"a e rt. l:l^on^s t nn ce h r ree r dr^i nn g OUUer ' a b ' C by F ° reStCr or Burilngton-Ella Blackburn.
912^
SECOND RACE-Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
BKS> Malay 106
BS7 Distance 104 i
SS3 Simi 101!
895 Polka 101 '
870 Also Ran II 106
883 Merops 103 1
2
5
6
3
1
4
3 2
1 I*4
5 4
fi
2 h
4 h
2 2
1 h
6
5 1
4 >4
3 h
1 1
2 4
3 2
4 3
5 1
«
1 1
2 I*4
3 5
4 3
6 2
6
iPiggott
Spencer
Ruiz
Clawson
McDonald ...
i i
8 7-2
6 5
8 12
3 10
10 60
Hennessy ....
<- T lm . e> / 56V^- Wlnn^r, J. C. Humphrey's br. c. by imp. Pirate of
Good start. Won easily. Second and third drivinc
913.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; puree. $400.
vvi uon i^uis » n » 72 61 '
(86S) Charles Le Bel iosj 6 43 324 [« *"" ' !
900 Mistleton 105! 7 83 642 h .." !
(900) Floronso 99. 9 7 2 4 h 4 U "" <
907 Good Friend 105 4 3 4 lh 11 " "»l
(900) Elsmore 105) 1 lh 2 1 sii "" (
891 Duke of York 11.... 96 8 6h 6 h 7 il
884 P. A. Flnnegan ....114! 3 Eh 9 9 .*.." (
722 Jim Brownell 96' 2 2 1 8 2 8 4 .'.'. i
Time, 1:42. Winner, E. F. Smith & Co.'s eh jr. by imp
start. Won first three driving. One recall.
900 Don Luis 98
(868) Charles Le Bel 1M
900 Mistleton 105 1
(900) Floronso 99'
907 Good Friend 115
(900) Elsmore 105
891 Duke of York 11.... 96!
884 P. A. Flnnegan ....114
722 Jim Brownell 96
5
6
7
9
4
1
8
3
9
4 3
8 3
7 2
3 V,
1 h
6 h
6 h
2 1
7 2
3 2V4
6 4
4 h
1 h
2 1
6 h
I
8 2
6 1
5 4
2 h
4 *4
1 1
34
7 %
9
■8 %
1 ns
2 ns
3 2
4 2
5 1
6 4
7 S
8 8
9
Ins Clawson 8 12
2ns Thorpe ....... g jo
3 2 Spencer 15 10
4 2 Dors^y 2 6-5
5 1 Plggott 4-1 i£b
6 4 Mclntyre .... B 5
7 5 Holmes ...... 10 20
8 8 R«l* 30 100
9 Weber 30 100
Mldlothlan-Alameda. Poor
Clawson
Thorpe
Spencer ..
uors^y
Plggott
Mclntyre ....
Holmes .....
Ruiz "
Weber:;.-....-.:
914.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles-
purse, $2000.
all ages;
Palace Hotel Handicap;
V4m.
S7S Traverser, 3 107 2
878 Candelaria, 4 100 6
(R92) Fonsovannah, 4 105 7
878 Buck Massle. 6 116 1
878 Oftler Joe, 5 115! 8
902 Judge Denny, 5 110| 9
SSS Wheel of Fortune, 6 97! 3
(876) Buckwa, a 1101 5
878 Linstock, 3 90) 4
1 n
9
3%
4 tt
2 2
1 %
6%
8 1
6 1
1 U4
5 l>i
4 2
3 '.4
2 1
7 h
9
8 4
6 h
11
7 1
2 1
6 2
3 IV4
4 h
9
8 2
5 h
1 3
B <4
2 2
4 1
3 1
7%
8 h
6 4
9
1 2
34
22
44
6 1
5 4
8 2
72
9
1 4
•2 2
" 3 14
44
. 6 2
6 1
7 3*3 *
8 3
9
niurpe
Clawson ...
Plggott
Clayton ......
8-5
- ■< • C '
5
4.
6
•*
10
5
10
7-5
•
10
5'
12 .
••
8
4
15
Hennessy ..
MnTVwi.M
McDonald I
("Si-air
(iray
Spencer .
[Mdntyre ....
• Coupled with Traverser. •• Coupled with Fonnovannah.
Time. 1:53*4. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse'c eh. c. by imp. Rosslngton-Betsy Broorlr
Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. oetsy tiroeck.
915.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; the Candelaria handicap; purse.
2
4
1
3
4 H
1 h
2 V 4
3 1
5
3 %
1 m
2 24
4 n
5
1%
3 3
2 1
4 IK
1 1
2 2
3 V*
4 6
5
b : — i
887 Rainier !
(901) Humidity 11
901 Sevens U
901 E Come V
877 Panamint 1(
Gray
Clawson !!!!'.
Hennesay 
15
2-5
5
6
*
20
1-3
7
6
l norpe
•Coupled with Humidity.
Time. 1:02. Winner, Dr. I. W. O'Rourke'a b. g. by Orizaba-Nadavls. Good start w™
first three driving. v BUUT - VV0l »
916.
SIXTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling;
purse, $350.
four- year-olds and upward;
(596) Earl Coehran, B ',
891 Don Clarenclo. 4— 1
896 Sweet Faverdale, 5.:
896 Attlcus. 4
RS2 Little Cripple, a 1
885 Alvero. 5
SS2 The Dragon, 5 1
fif-2 Sir Dilke, 5 1
889 Daylight. 5 1
I T
I l
2
I 3
I 9
4 % .
3 114
6 2
9
P
2 n
1 h
8 2
4 lVi 4 n
3h 2 3
54 r. 2
74 9 .
fi h 7 2
9 8 2,4
214 3 H
1 h In
8 3 6 h '
3 1
13V4
4%
9
8%
6 n
5 h
2 h
7 3
24
1 24
3 2^
7 V 4
6 h
5 h
4n . -
8
9
1 ns
2 6
3 7
'■4 % ■
5 h
6 24
■ 7 *4
8
9
Brown
sneer
orpe
rrigan
ay
4 5
8 13-fi
7-5 3
30 100
15 30
50 100
6 10
3 5-2
6 20
xinright ...
pgott .:....
iwson ....
'Donald .
...
Time. 2:09>,4- Winner, J. Cochran's br. g. by imp. Siddartha-Jennle H.
Won first three driving.
Good start.
917.
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
(SB6) Miss Rowena, 3
898 San Mateo, 4
903 Montallade, 5 i
(899) Sly, 4 :
(897) Pelxotto, 5 1
874 Pat Murphy, 6
898 Santa Paula 4
S6B R. Q. Ban, 6 !
... Wenoma, 4
908 Castake. 3
4
10
2
1
8- .
7
3
5
9
8
8 3
;. : 4 1.
6 *i
2 h
7 2
. R 1 -''■■:
3 1
1 h
-"9 % ■
10
3 JSTj
1 h
■4 % ■
illj
1 M
5 2
83
9
10 :-,
•■■■•« 1
1 ns
2 1
3 tt ■
4 1
6 2
6 %
7%
8 5
9 2
10:.v-
1 Woods
Plggott
Gray
Spencer
Mclntyre ....
Clawson
Ruiz
McDonald ..
Devin
Holmes
2 11-5
5-2 5-2
4 9-2
4 6
10 8
43
30 60
3 U
60 100
SO 40
Time, 1:15. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by imp.
Good start. Won first thre« driving.
Midlothian-imp. Paloraa.
TRAVERSER
ALL THE WAY
Took the Palace Hotel
Handicap From a
Moderate Field.
Rainier at Odds of 2O to 1 Cap
tured the Candelaria
Stake.
Don Clarenelo Beaten a Nose by Earl
Coehran— Four of the Favorites
Turned Down,
"Pa" Bradley's crack chestnut 3-year
old Traverser "has done gone and did It
again." ns a colored stable hand ex
pressed it, at the conclusion of the mila
and a furlone run for the $2000 Palace
Hotel handicap. He was "Hawkins' "
horse sure yesterday, and coupled with
Candelaria the Burns & Waterhouse entry
carried most of the dollars bet by the
Immense «rowd present. And the perfect
weather and lengthy programme drew a
very large attendance, almost equal to
that of the Burns handicap day. While
but three of the seven favorites annexed
purses, the finishes were unusually close,
and It looked as if everybody got a run
for his coin.
After three cheaper events had been
reeled off, the stake race was called, and
the crowd unpacked their betting valises.
Candelaria had made such a fine showing
In the Burns handicap that with 100
pounds and Dick Clawson. In the saddle
all expected him to fall heir to the rich
plum. Coupled with Traverser 8 to 5 was
laid against the pair, with 4 to 1 the place
chalked behind Bradley's colt. Buckwa
has been going great guns in his morn
ing gallops, and the gelding's odds were
gradually lowered from 5 to 3^ to 1. Buck
Massie. in at 116, called for quite exten
eive backing, but bettors seemed to have
soured on Ostler Joe and Linstock. Fon
sovannah and Judge Denny were not ex
pected to prove dangerous, and they
didn't do very much.
At the post there was quite an extended
stop, and when Ferguson finally re
leased the webbing Buckwa bolted and
got all the worst of it. The 107 pounds
seemed to sit lightly on ♦lie back at
Traverser and Thorpe immediately as
sumed the front position, trailed past the
stand by Ostler Joe and Fonsovannah.
The former hung to his work to the far
turn, and then the killing clip set by the
chestnut began to tell, and he was all
out. All this time Claws.on was scramb
ling the eggs back in the bunch with
Candelaria. Rounding the buoy for home,
Traverser with all sails set showed no
signs of stopping, and though nis run
ning mate came fast when he caught the
trade winds opposite the paddock, "Pa"
Bradley's pride was first by half a
length in 1:53%. Candelaria finished two
length ahead of Fonsovannah for second
money. The others, badly beaten, strag
gled In.
The Candelaria handicap for two-year
olds over five hurdles, with but five ac
cepting the weights, looked a foregone
conclusion for the Burns & Waterhouse
duo. Humidity and Panamint. The bet
ting also indicated as much, 1 to 3 being
the post price. Rainier, with ninety-five
pounds, turned up the joker. Catching
Humidity at the paddock, Gray got the
rank outsider in winner by a length.
Humidity tired badly the last hundred
yards, lasting long enough, however, to
beat Sevens two lengths tor the place.
A heavy plunge was made on Mrs. Net
tie Harrison's filly. Mocorito, to win the
opening six furlong spin, but Johnny
Woods had a stormy passage, and Daily
Racing Form led her out half a length
at the wire. The latter was IS to 5 in the
ring around post time.
But six started in me four and a half
furlong scramble for two-year-olds, with
Bookkeeper Johnny Humphrey's Malay
ruling a strong 6 to 5 favorite. Garnet
Ferguson's Prince Royal colt Distance
led to the stretch, where the first choice
took up the running and won easily by
a length. Distance was second, the same
distance ahead of Simi.
Three outsiders in the betting finished
heads on the wire in the mile run for
selling platers. B. J. Johnson's Floronzo
was played down to 6 to 5 favoritism, but
Dorsey went with all sorts of hard luck,
and the bay colt was never dangerous.
In a furious finish Don Luis, finishing on
I the outside with Clawson up, got the de
cision over Thorpe on Charles Le Bel a
| head, with Mistleton but a short head
j farther away.
In the mile and a quarter selling run
Spencer, on Don Clarencio. ruling equal
! favorite in the betting with Sir Dilke.
i had the race won, but quit riding the last
j sixteenth, and was nosed out by Earl
! Cochran. piloted by H. Brown. Sir Dilke
! was in front for over six furlones. when
he "doprged" it badly, and Don Clarencio
took the front position, striking the
stretch with a commanding lead. Spen-
I cer's carelessness then lost the purse.
The concluding six furlong dash, also
j decided under selling conditions, resulted
I in another very close and exciting finish
at the wire. After getting away well
with the favorite, Miss Rowena, Woods
managed to get his mount cut off, and
with plenty left to finish on led the sec
ond choice, San Mateo, past the judges
a long nose in 1:15 fiat. Montallade took
show honors.
TRACK NOTES.
Barney Schreiber disposed of his colt
Marplot yesterday to Burns & Water
house under certain conditions. From
what Barney stated if Marplot fulfills ex
pectations next fall he will receive about
what he paid for him, $2200. The St. Louis
pencller also turned to the Califor
nia firm his contract with Jockey Johnny
Woods. The little fellow has not shown
the best of form lately, but under Trainer
Jimmy McCormick's tutelage will un
doubtedly come around all right.
W. B. Sink Jr. departs for the East this
evening, his horses following on Monday.
J. W. Murphy left for Memphis last
Thursday evening, leaving Buck Massle
behind to have a try for the Palace Ho
tel stake. The brown horse, in his pres
ent form, couldn't beat a good selling
plater.
Bradley's Traverser will be started
across the continent to-morrow, along
with Willie Sink's horses. His owner
will probably start him in the Brooklyn
handicap. Trainer Jimmy McCbrmick
thinks his chances would have been
much better in the Chicago Derby, and he
is undoubtedly correct in his opinion.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. gave out yes
terday that the California Jockey Club
would give no spring meeting at either
Sacramento or Los Angeles, as originally
intended. Prospects in the interior are
not the brightest, and the local turf mag
nate thinks such meetings at this time
would only result in "frosts."
Harry Griffin, Tom Wooriford and Ed
Maloney bade their friends adios and
stepped aboard the Eastern overland last
evening.
Failing to secure "Skeets" Martin,
Bookmaker Barney Schreiber has been
dickering for the services of Jockey
Spencer. Jimmy Rowe aiSo has an eye
on the promising California lad, and it
is just likely he will ride in the far East
the coming season.
Trainer Bill Murry was much cast
down over the poor showing made by
Buckwa. He said the gelding was never
better during his racing career and was
inclined to blame his defeat to the start.
There was a well developed and healthy
play on Mocorito in tae betting on the
opening sprint, and with more luck the
filly should have uad the long end of the
purse. She was pounds the best.
When Tom Boyle bid up and obtained
the mare Tholma from a selling race on
Friday he did not produce the coin, but
proferred a check instead, which he said
he would draw on any California bank
and sign the name of P. Herzog, a
wealthy Sacramentan. This was not sat
isfactory to the officials at the track
over the bay and they notified Mr. Boyle
that unless he paid in to the association
the amount of the run-up money by Sat
urday next he would have to suffer the
consequences. This means expulsion from
the turf. The mare was ordered returned
to J. Naglee Burke.
The Gold Bug muddle ha.s not yet been
straightened up. The California Jockey
Club is still awaiting advices from Santa
Ana, though Judge Murphy stated that
the owners of Tom Smith, which ran sec
ond to Gold Bug, would probably get the
purse.
Sevens, the Watercress-Folly filly, Is a
very consistent piece of racing material.
She seems to be able to shoulder weight,
and if not first is always knocking at
the door. This is more than the major
ity of the 2-year-old crop are capable of
doing.
The Klttleman Brothers were very
wrothy after the Don Clarencio-Eafl
Cochran nose finish. Spencer, who rode
the Don, had orders not to be better than
second into the stretch. It looked so soft,
the lad disregarded orders, leading his
field into the stretch and then easing up,
only to be nosed out.
Barney Schreiber had a "bug" on Rainier.
He held the youngster out in his book,
played him on the outside, and cleaned up
$2400 over his win. With this strong pull
in his favor, Barney Quit $700 loser on
the day.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Ipainless^ 4*4 ** 14 !
3 NX^^f J H i4^ - PAINLESS II
1 f^^^k _ DENTISTRY, i
Se: yt^\ &r%^lr^ '^ >s^ Full Set of Teeth forSoOOup ]§-•
Open until 10 P. M. Sundays 10 to 2. G. W. KLEISER, D.D.S.
1 VAN VROOffl ELECTRO=DENTAL PARLORS, H
,S|; - 997 MARKET— MARKET AND SIXTH— PHONE JESSlEjl69s.;:^^^
..■ ■■ .. . ' ■ -. . ■ '•■■■_'■ .■ _ ■ » • ■ . ~ . ~ ;..'-■■" ■
NEVILLS AND
A BUNCH OF
LETTERS
Ne^v Disclosures in
the Azhdaeron Im
prisonment.
A Woman, a Too Facile
Pen and a Hold-
Up.
Sensational Evidence Expected
in the Two Fresno
Suits.
MRS. WILLIAMS A FIGURE.
Lawyers Tell a Tale That Savors
Somewhat of Scan
dal.
The true story of the imprisonment
of the Azhdaerons by Capitalist Wil
liam A. Nevills In the Palace Hotel
during the last week of March has yet
to be told. It wi be remembered that
two suits were filed in Fresno by John
E. Azhdaeron against William A. Nev
ills for f&Jse imprisonment and personal
violence inflicted upon Azhdaeron
while held in confinement in the capi
talist's rooms at the Palace.
Various explanations have been given I
for the reason of the detention of the
plaintiff in the case — some fantastic and '
colored as the rainbow, others garish
in their unrelieved vanality. As the
suit proceeds sensations are expected to
develop which will draw aside the cur
tain of mystery and unfold to the pub
lic eye the old drama with its ancient
settings and its typical situations.
The lawyers are now at work hunt
ing evidence, and due to their subtle
designs new testimony has been discov
ered which they claim will be used for
all it is worth. On Thursday two
women left this city for Fresno, and it
is one of these who will cause all the
trouble. She is a young woman with
beauty of face and figure. Her name
is Mrs. E. Williams, and if that bel
dame, rumor, and the assertions of
more trustworthy people be an ap
pro-ximation of the truth, Captain Wil- :
Ham A. Nevills was an ardent admirer
of her charms and beauty. In Fresno
they first met, and the prepossessing
qualities of the young and dashing
woman bewitched the captain. Not
very long ago Mrs. Williams came to
San Francisco, and here the interest
of the captain for her not only did not
cease, but was ever on the increase.
Whether it was the desire to tear her
sister away from the wiles- of Captain
Nevills or merely to bring her to Fres
no, where she might testify for the
Azhdaeron side in the present suits is
not known, but certain it is that Mrs.
Williams has thrown off the cloak of
Intimacy with Nevills and returned to
Fresno.
The story of the attorney of the Azh
d&etons and that which he says will be
brought out on the stand is totally d'f- >
ferent from what has been already told.
The interview between Nevills and
John Azhdaeron in the Palace, in which
after barring all exits the former as
sumed minatory attitudes full of sound
and fury, was not for the purpose of
looking over ancient contracts, but as
the lawyers will have it, to recover a i
bundle of letters written by Nevills to !
Mrs. Williams. This is the sensa- j
tional climax of the little play, and is
the killing stroke relied on.
When Nevills sent his polite invita
tion to Azhdaeron to call upon him at
the Palace he also attached a post
criptum to bring these letters, which
were, as Nevills .supposed, in the cus
tody of John Azhdaeron. How these
boomerang missives came in the pos
sion of John Azhdaeron the lawyers ex
plain with readiness.
Mrs. Williams and Nevills did not
eke out the smoothest kind of exist
ence even in the early part ot their re
lations. An estrangement sprung up,
and at this time the thought of using
what letters she had for financial re
imbursement Is said to have entered
the head of Nevills' inamorata.
An open rupture was, however,
avoided, but with instinctive alarm the
letters were consigned to the care of
Azhdaeron, then foreman of one of
Nevills' extensive vineyards. These
letters are now said to be in the keep
ing of Azhdaeron's attorney, W. D.
Grady. Some of the letters that came
trippingly off the pen of the wealthy
ranch and mine owner were delivered
to him in consummation of the first
compromise consequent upon the initial
breach of amicable relations between
the two. But Azhdaeron's attorneys
claim that many still remain, unstained
and untouched by t' withering flame.
These they '"ill try to introduce to
show just why Nevills pi ,nned the
scheme of imprisonment as a means to
recover them and that $75,000 damages
have resulted from that little episode,
of which Detective Curtin was an eye
witness.
Has Found a Home.
Florence Forbes, the pretty young girl
who attempted to commit suicide on Fri
day morning by swallowing carbolic acid
at 1013 Golden Gate avenue, owing to her
misfortunes, has found a good home,
where she will be well cared for. Officer
McMurray of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children, had interested
himself in the girl, and took her to her
new home yesterday afternoon. The girl
is still suffering from the effects of the
poison.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
; Good Shoes :
♦ Are Cheap t
♦ Now. j
4- >
•f- ■♦•
4- So cheap that people are buying -f
"f not one pair, but three, four and five "f
"*" pairs. They are appreciating the "f
T_ extraordinary advantages offered by T^
4. our great combination shoe sale. _^_
+ Read prices quoted below and +
-f call around and examine our shoes +
•f. and be convinced. -f
X MONEY RETURNED IF YOU ARE X
+ NOT THOROUGHLY SUITED. '+
-f WE ARE SELLING ONLY +
•f NEW AND UP-TO-DATE -f
•"f SHOES: EVERY PAIR +
X WORTH A AND A MORE
■f THAN WE ARE ASKING. 4
■f- BUT HAVING TOO MANY >
"f SHOES, WE ARE SACRI- "*■
i FICING PRICESTO SELL
f QUICKLY. +
•f ' '' ' ■¥
"*" Ladies' Fine Tan Kid Oxfords, "*
X turn soles, coin toe and tip. During
4. sale a
if $1.00 >
-f — -f
Ladies' White Canvas and White "*
X Kid Oxfords, hand-turn soles, late
4. coin toe.
♦ $1.50^
4- 4-
♦ Ladies' Extra Quality Paris Kid +
♦ Juliets, hand-turn soles, coin toe, ~\
+ patent-leather tips. During sale _^
4- $2.00 ♦
-f — -f
Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid
T Lace Shoes. All Tan Kid also,
with the iatest fancy vesting tops. _^
♦ __ $2.50 if
4. Ladies' Extra Quality Tan Chrome _.
4- Kid, foxed fine tan vesting tops, +
■f welted sewed soles, stitched edges, +
"f soft and flexible, new style coin toe 4-
"*" and tip. Regular price $4.00. +
£ Sale price "*"
X ___ $3.00 X
X LADIES' FULL DRESS SHOES >
+ LATEST STYLES.
■f Ladies' Finest Quality Tan Kid -f
"f Lace Shoes, made with fancy vest- -f
"*" ing tops, hand-turn soles, genuine +
X LXV French heels. During sale
4- $3.50 4.
X Before, $5.00. +
*~ Ladies' Fine Paris Kid Slippers,
X $1.00 ♦
♦ Worth $1.50. -f
4- 4-
4- Children's and Misses' Tan -f
"*" Shoes, Button and Lace, new "*
style coin toe and tips. Excellent "t
4. school shoes.
4- Sizes 7 to 8 75c +
f Sizes 81 to 11 ...... 85C >
♦ Sizes to 2 $1.00 ♦
♦ ' ♦
-f Several hundred pairs Young +
4- Ladies' Fine Alaska Sea! Lace +
+ School Shoes, finest wearing shoes, +
"*" and soft and easy on the feet, "♦■
X reduced from $4.00 to $2.25. + :
I NOLANIROS.,
t PHELAN BUILDING, +
X 812-814 MARKET ST. X
■*" PHONE 552r. "f
4- >
©4- + ++♦+++ + + + + + ++©
. *
A MAGICAL FOR M£N
TREATMENT FOR mtn
Lost vitality. Nervous or Sexual "Weak-
ness positively and permanently cured.
The STATE MEDICAL COMPANY is an.
■' incorporated company with a capital of
$250,000 with which to make Kood their
j claims. Competent, regular physicians,
! every one of them specialists In their
| line. We ask no money in advance; de-
posit It with your banker to be paid to
us when you are cured— not before. Our
charges are reasonable and you obtain a
permanent cure or we forfeit $100 if we
i fall. Write for valuable information and
• positive proofs of our assertions.
THE STATE MEDICAL COMPANY,
Suite 903 Ramge Blk. Omaha, Neb.
Baja California
DAMI A BITTERS
;Is a power! . i..iruu.siac and speciuc mnjo
for the sexual and urinary organs ot both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Bells on Its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
; NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
lit Market Street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
"dkmulty.
IRITIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OT.t»
.L Spetlallst cures Prlvate.Xervous.Uioocl and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Munly Poweriestored. Over.
20 years' experieuce. Send for Book, I Patients
cured at. Home. Terms reasonable. > Hours. 9 to 3
I dally toB.:»ev'KS. Sdr.days, 10 to 12. Consulta*
i tionfree and sucredly confidential. t.'ui! oraddress
JP. boscoe iIeSIXTV, M . I>..
' 86.13 Beamy Street. San FranciMu. r»l>
WONG WOO,
f^9f CHINESE TEA AND HERB
kP J sanitarium,
\&^L 776 CLAY ST., San Francisco, Cal.
jdJKfiflrPT-.T 1 All diseases cured exdusive-
•*s?f till^SHv 'y by Chinese herbs, over 3000
■ *V<WF2,Vii ■■■'»" \ varieties belnc used. ADVICE
; FREK. Hours, K:3O to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7to
I 9 D. m. „
910
LIGHT MAY
SOON BE
CHEAPER
A Hard Battle Waged
Before the Super
visors.
Partial Victory Achieved
for the Tax
payers.
Competition for Lighting the
Streets of the City Made
Possible.
After a long nnd not Bkirmish yester
day before th^ Supervisors Bitting as a
commutes of tho whole a partial victory
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Daily Evidence of the Wonderful Curative Powers of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Is Added to by Two Very Notable Cures in San Francisco.
Plgß. SANDEN'S NMJEItJ|PI
IS A GRAND REMEDY FOR WEAK MEN.
DB. SANDEN'S METHOD OF MAKING USE OF THE LIFE-GIVING POWER OF ELECTRICITY HAS
proven its merit. The men who say it cured them of general debility, of wasting weakness; the men who
v have become strong and vigorous by following Dr. Sanden's advice, are the best evidence of the worth of
■ his system. There are thousands of them, and they speak aloud in praise of Dr. Sanden and his noble work.
His work is noble — it is — becauss it lifts men from despondency, it gives them ambition, strength
of mind and body, makes them love life for the pleasure of living. No work is nobler than the good act
. done to your fellow man the act which enables him to be a good, true man.
DR. SANDEN HAS 5000 TESTIMONIALS.
:• He has 5000 letters from men in this State who have been reclaimed from the slow, dragging existence
| caused by the loss of nervous and vital strength. He will give $1000 to any man who will prove one of
these testimonials false. ■ They are from grateful men— men who are not afraid to let the world know that
they were once weak and are now men in the highest sense.
WHAT THREE HAPPY MEN HAVE TO SAY OF DR. SANBEN'S BELT.
CURED AFTER ALL OTHER A REMARKABLE CURE, ' SrSg&?3SWMftS
REMEDIES HAD FAILED, san fbancisco, cai. name as reference. Yours very
nCmtUlts HAU rAILtU, PAN FRANCISCO, CaL gratefully, JAMES McCASKIE
: DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I 563 Mission st
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal. have proven the truth of the old .
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I adage, "It's never too late to ; ~1~~
have been using your Belt as you mend," for when I bought your CCCI 0 I \YX A MCIA/ 11 11
recommended and following your Belt a year ago last June I was rLLLO LSNI A WtW MANi
advice, and It is with great pleas- most miserable, suffering from -""•-'
ure I report that the Belt has Epilepsy, Rheumatism, Varicocele BLAINE, Wash,
stopped the pains and entirely and a general broken-down feeling. DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I
cured me of Rheumatism, which I I could nc-t sleen nights and felt take this opportunity to do a lcmg-
ao not hesitate to make known. It discouraged. I did not follow your neglected duty — that is, the ack-
has done all you claimed for it, directions,. as I had no conveniences nowledgment of the good your
curing me after everything else to carry them out, but lam thank- Electric Belt has done me. It has
failed. I had been doctoring with ful to say that your Belt has done done all you claimed for It, and
iseveral doctors and spent hundreds all you claim for it and .has cured much more than I ever hoped for.
of dollars, trying everything I me after all other remedies had Beginning with the 10th of January,
thought would give me relief, but ' failed. I now sleep well, my and for three weeks, I wore the
■without success, till I began wear- Rheumatism has entirely left me Belt, following 1 your directions and
Ing the Belt you recommended. At and my Varicocele Is cured. Before advice, and the benefit received
the time I purchased the Belt I wearing your Belt I would some- from it was nothing short of a mir-
■was confined to my bed with pains times go for three or four days and acle. Palpitation of the heart all
•and my appetite was bo poor that I nights without sleeping a wink and gone, digestive organs in good
could not eat anything without be- become completely exhausted. After working order, muscles strong and
ing distressed. All those symp- wearing your Belt two months I firm, mind clear, memory good and
toms have disappeared and I am am, thanks to God and your won- a general all-round improvement. It
a well thanks to your Belt. I derful appliance, an entirely new has made a great change in me.
will always be pleased to recom- man. I feel twenty years younger Any one you wish to refer, to me,
mend the Belt to any person in need and would not part with your Belt either personally or by letter, -I- wili
of one. Yours very respectfully, for a lot of money. I loaned my gladly tell them the good the Belt
GUS GREL.L.MAN, . Belt to several friends and they all has done me. Yours respectfully,
22 Sacramento Street. I were benefited by the trial. I will J. D. NASH. '
it Is Nature's Own Remedy and Cures All Weakness in Men.
Weakness in the vital organs is unnatural in all men. It is due to improper care of the functions en-
dowed by nature with perfect vigor, and since nature gives th*s strength, if it has been wasted, she must
.be called upon to renew it. Natural remedies must be used. Nothing bears a closer relation to the elements
'of vital and nerve force than electricity. It is natural. It is nature embodied in a portable, convenient and
" effective appliance when Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is used.
■ Dr. Sanden's Book, "Three Classes of Men,"
If you lack in any respect the. manly powers you should possess send or call at once for this scientific
' book, which will spread before you the only true and permanent restoration of mental, physical and vital
manhood. It has thousands of testimonials from, every town and hamlet in the country. Address
; SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., MARI % T A^ R & C o. : >;^™^"
NOTE— no mistake In the number— MARKET STREET. .-.v'- ? these Belts which fails
Office hours a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, lv to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204*4 to generate a Current of
South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington St.; 'Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteentn Bt. Dallas, tri«^*.i i* • ■ -'*.' .-v
: Tex., 255 Main st. , : Electricity.
■ , - ■'■■':- ■..'■-■-■'•!■ ' ■• kl :' ' ' ' ■ • ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ' ■ ■■■.■■-:■ * : ■ w -■ '■• --■ ■ -■ ■■ '- ■'-•-■■->...
tva-s gained for the people in the matter
of electric lights. The opposing forces
consisted of the Mutual Electric Light
Company, with Supervisors Clinton.
Dodge and Larkinann, on one side, and
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Cotn
pany, with Supervisors Haskins, Delany,
Bheehan, Morton, Britt, Smith and Riv
ers, on the other.
The principal matter before them was
the proposition of the Mutual Electric
lApht Company to furnish the city elec
tric Lights at a saving of $40.^00 per an
num on the present cost, and to save the
people of the city 1100,000 a year, provided
they were allowed to erect - oles for the
stringing of their wires outside the fire
limits. In this connection there was also
considered the plan of the Merchants'
Association for a new system of lighting
the streets by districts and for the sub
stitution of electric lights for gas lamps.
The great issue was the erection of ad
ditional poles by the Mutual Electric
Light Company. Had this privilege boon
granted that company would have been
placed in a position to compete with the
01..]o 1 ..] company everywhere within the city
limits, to the great benefit of every con
sumer of light, and particularly those
who reside outside of the lire limits. But
overy move In the struggle showed Liiat !
the Mutual Company and the people i
were doomed to defeat. But the defeat
appears to be only partial.
While the privilege of erecting addi
tional poles was not mranted, it was de
cided to advertise for bids for lighting
the city by districts, and this will give
the competing company an opportunity
to bid for the lighting within the flre
limits.
it is believed that this Is not the end
of the battle, so far as the Mutual Com
pany Is concerned. It is understood that
they will ask for a writ of mandamus
compelling the board to grant them the
privilege of erecting poles wherever they
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
want within the city limits, on the
ground that not to do so would be dis
criminating against them In favor or the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Light
Supervisor Clinton was called to the
chair. Besides him there were present
Supervisors Raskin?. Delany. Sheehan,
Dodge. Lackmann, Morton, Britt, Smith
and Rivers
P. B. Cornwall, president of the Mutual
Electric Light Company, was granted the
privilege of the floor. After referring to
the proposition his company had made to
the city, he declared that all they asked
to be able to make good their promise
was the privilege of erecting electric
light poles for stringing wires outside the
In reply to the question as to how many
poles his company desired to put up, he
said they wanted to erect as many as
would be needed to fill all applicantions
for lights that might be made to the
company. He further declared that the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
was paying license s on a few more than
6000 poles, but that a careful count showed
they had nearer 10,000 poles up in this
city. It was not his company alone which
was asking the privilege from the board
of erecting poles In the outside districts,
he remarked, but every man. woman and
child who lived in those districts and also
those who paid taxes. These people ask
to be furnished light at the same rate
paid by those who live within the fire
limits. "One-third of the month there
i neither gas nor electric light in these
itions," he said, "and I believe that
electric lights on the streets would do
re good in the way of protection to
>ple and property out that way than
many policemen. You have no right
deny them light at the same rate that
ler people enjoy."
upervisor Smith interrupted to say that
• present conditions were not the fault
this board, and that with the asslst
*e of the Merchants' Annotation it ex
ited to provide plenty of light during
the coming year.
Mr. Cornwall, continuing, said that the
people are now paying $19 50 per month
lor incandescent lights, such as the
Mutual Electric Light Company would
furnish for about $12. The average dif
ference, he added, is even greater than
this in some kinds of lights, rie assured
the board that his company would be
glad to be allowed to erect one-third the
number of poles the Gas and Electric
Company has outside the nre limits. In
conclusion he said: "We are prepared to
give the citizens and the city better ac
commodations, better lights and lower
rates than they now enjoy."
Chairman Clinton suggested that Mr.
Cornwall give the number of poles and
their location.
Mr. Cornwall stated that these matters
would be determined as the people made
application for lights. He wanted the
contracts for street lighting let in such
a waj- and at such time as would give
his company time to put up the necessary
poles.
At this point Supervisor Britt, who
throughout the session made wonderful
and frequent exhibitions of his ignorance
of parliamentary usages, sprang what he
evidently thought was a trump card in
the game of freezing out the Mutual
Electric Company for the benelit of its
rival. He called attention to the act
passed by tho last legislature, which
prohibited franchises being granted to
any corporation lor more than two years
without lirst advertising for bids for the
sale of such franchises. If this law ap
plied it would prevent the Mutual from
entering into competition for the con
tract tor lighting the street*, which must
bi- awarded before the Ist of August uf
this your. The franchise would first have
to be sold, and this would take consider
able time. In order that the Mutual may
be able to come into competition with the
Gas and Electric Company it must have
at least three months' time for the erec
tion of its poles and wires outside the
tire limits.
Mr. Cornwall declared that no other
corporation had been limited to two or
even ten years, and added that no other
corporation had experienced the same
ai,.:culty in securing a franchise that his
company had.
Clerk Russell read the act referred to |
by Britt. This provided that all fran
chises lor the use of public streets or
h.ghways must be sold to the highest
biuder, and that bids must be advertised
for.
M. M. Estee, the attorney for the Mu
tual Electric Company, stated that he
did not think the act constitutional, as it
violated section 19, article 11, and section
21, article 1, of the State constitution. He
read these and also a recent decision of
the State Supreme Court, declaring that
the Board of Supervisors had no right to
refuse to grant to one corporation a priv
ilege which it had granted to some other.
He then stated that if the Mutual was
allowed to erect poles outside of the lire
limits it would be in a position to save
the city the sum of $40,00u and to the cit
izens of San Francisco the sum of $100,000
annually.
We are furnishing to-day," he said,
"electric lights at a reduction of 25 per
cent from the price that was charged by
the other companies before we came into
the market."
Supervisor Dodge called attention to
the lact that tho Merchants' Association,
which represented the best business men
in the city, had made a formal request
to the board to see that competition was
made possibl* when the next contract
was let for lighting the <ity. At the
in . sent time, he said, Alamoda was pay
ing $S per month lor what the residents
of this city were paying $16.
He declared that all technicalities of a
minor character should be swept aside.
••1 don't think this board can afford to ;
ignore this proposition," he added. it
comes I. .;ure us In too solid a form, me
gentlemen connected with it are all well
known in this community. 1 have yet to ;
hear any legitimate reason advanced
against it. v\ o have u> save time.
Delay means defoat. I move that It is the
sense of this board that in the considera
tion of this question the object shall be
to advertise lor proposals at such a date
that competition may be possible.'
Supervisor Lackmann seconded the mo-
Supervtsor Smith remarked that it was ,
a matter of erecting poles and not a. I
Question of furnishing light, and declared
that he would vote against any plan to i
allow the erection of poles, but would
vote for any measure compelling corpora
tions to put their wires underground.
Chairman Clinton said that the general ,
matter of electric lighting might be dis- \
cussed and that the debate need not be
eonnned only to poles. ....
Hero. Supervisor Podge explained that
the object of his motion was simply to
get at tho intention of the board in rela
tion to competition. "I think the bills for
lighting tho. City Hall are exorbitant,
was his concluding shot.
A rollcall was demanded on Dodge s mo
tion, and it was carried by a unanimous
\V H Hewitt, superintendent of the i
police and fire alarm system, attempted j
to mak" an argument against the erec- i
tion of additional poles; but Dodge spiked
his gun by calling attention to the fact
that the Bell Telephonl Company was !
putting up a large number of poles on
Bush street. In the crossfire that fol
lowed between Dodge and Howitt it de
veloped that Hewitt had ordered these
poles put up on the understanding that
he was to be allowed to string such wires i
as he wanted on them.
Dodpe claimed that the city would i
string no more than two or three wires on
these polos, while the telephone company
would place 200 or 300 on them. He
charged that favoritism was being shown
to the telephone company, while the Mu
tual was being discriminated against.
J M McDonald, of the City Improve
ment Company, asked permission to erect
polos for electric lighting on Haight. De
visadero California and Fillmore streets,
and was instructed to make his applica
tion in writing.
Dodge moved that the committee or the
whole report in favor of the adoption of
the resolution before them, th**. is, to ad
vertise for bids immediately, and that
the bids be so prepared as to allow of
C °A S. Baldwin, vice-president of the
Merchants' Association, said that his as
sociation was opposed to poles in the
streets, hut that tho erection of addi
tional polos were necessary In this case
to permit of competition.
Notwithstanding that Dodge's motion
had not boon disposed of. Smith moved
that it 1.0 the sense of the board that, as
requested by tho Merchants' Association,
tho buainess streets, Golden Gate avenue,
Folsom street and Van Ness avenue be
lighted by electric light instead of by gas,
and that the lights be burned every night
In the yoar.
This was carried' without a dissenting
Dodge moved that proposals be asked
for by the board for lighting the city by
districts, as outlined by the Merchants
Association, and that the Street Light
Committoe be instructed to immediately
prepare specifications.
Smith offered an amendment providing
that no additional poles should be erected
in this connection. Dodge accepted the
amendment , saying that he would con
sider the vote taken on the amended mo
tion as a test of how the Supervisors
stood on this important question.
Considerable discussion followed, and
resuUed in Smith withdrawing his
amendment. Then an effort was made to
have action postponed, but without suc
cess.
Smith again offered his amendment, and
it was adopted by the following vote:
Ayes— Haskins, Delany, Sheehan, Mor
ton. Britt, Smith, Rivers. Total. 7.
Noes— Dodge, Lackmann, Clinton. Total,
Dodge's motion, thus amended, was
carried.
The committee of the whole resolved
itself into tho Board of Supervisors. Su
pervisor Haskins taking the chair. Chair
man Clinton of the committee of tho
whole reported the two motions made by
Dodge and which had been adopted in
committee, and his report was adopted.
By an oversight the motion made by
Smith, and which had also been adopted
in committee, was not reported to the
board.
Adjournment was taken until Monday
at 2 p. m.
FAIRLY GOOD WORK AT
INGLESIDE.
The coursing at Ingleside Park yester
day was fairly good, and when the short
enders won in many instances those who
had overlooked form were in pocket. A
few good, strong short enders carried
away the money, and it is predicted that
to-morrow the long enders will be in
clover. In one or two courses the judg
ing was found fault with, but as a rule
the decisions wore not objected to. The
hares ran well and the do^s which were
slipped proved to be unusually fast.
Van Knapp was the surprise of the day
when ho fasily downed Alma in a hard,
long, well-fought course, and in conse
quence some money poured into the long
odds book for the final on the surprise.
The betting is strong in the final book.
and Firenza, Gladiator, Pet Kirby. Moun
tain Beauty and Little Dell will get the
bulk of the money on the play.
It Is thought by many that a rank out
sider may carry away the money, but the
knowirg ones say that there are but
two or three In the final race. A large
Saturday crowd had gathered, and it was
regretted by the management that more
pool boxes were not in running order, as
those which were in operation could
hardly carry the money played into them.
Ned Harrigan, the well-known actor, and
Frank McComb of Mountain View were
among those present. A strong play will
possibly be made on Koo Lawn to win
the purse, but the old timers say there
is but one thing in the run, and that is
named Gladiator, owned by the well
known coursing man and judge, J. Dean.
The run-down was as follows:
D. L. Deslmone's Buckwa beat Batt &
Franks Count of Monte Cristo; P. Brophv's
Benlcia Boy beat E. J. Heeney's Moore's Pre
scription; D. Roche's Gold Dust beat S E
lortal's Our Boy; J. MeCormick's White Wings
beat J. Anthony's Tullormore; W. Ryan's Sig
nal beat G. Heuer's Blue Jay; M. Mlchallk'a
Fireball beat I>. China's Happy Day; Larkey
„ R'Jck s Hercules beat F. G. Fentiman's Blue
Bell; 1. McHukli's Sprlnpfleld beat P. O'Don
nell s Counterfeit; J. ,<hea's Firenza beat E. C.
Jones Gaslight; J. Dean's Gladiator beat G
Smart s Silk wood; D. Hooper's Koo Lawn beat
Cmnell Brothers' Sir Walter; Lowe & Thomp
son a Prince of Fashion beat D. Kaher's Bell
Of Moscow; S. E. Portal's Lightning beat Lar
key fc Rock's Minerva: M. JS'ealon'a Van dole
beat E. W. Duffy's B B: M. Nealon's Van
Knapp beat F. Brown's Alma; F. Moran's Van
Kirk beat H. \V. Hike's TIC-Tac-Toe; Deckel
man & Panarlo's Pet. Kirby beat D. Roche's
laclfic Queen; Larkey & Rocks Liberty Bell
beat Gibson & Hater's Molly Bawn; M. Kerri
gan's Lady Blanche beat W. Dalton's Lady
Napoleon; J. Cox's Port Costa a bye: J. Byrne's
Nelly B beat E. N". Whiteside's Brlmbo: S. E.
Portal a At Last beat J. Cox's Clifton Lass;
W. J. Shield's Cliffette beat W. Joyner's
Cuckoo; J. Masconi's Olein beat J. O'Connor's
valley Star; J. Byrne's Seminole beat W.
Kyan's Sweet Music; A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty beat Deckelman & Panarlo's Decorator;
B. J. Heney's Harkaway beat T. Cronin's Dot
tle Dimple; Brown & Lucas' Van Nlda beat
A. Johnson's Lissak; J. Dean's Nelly Conroy
beat H. M. X. Sprinß's Dawn; Lynch & Ma
her's Dakota beat W. Dalton's Sinaloa: B.
Dougherty's Tessie Fair beat H. M. X. .Spring's
Master Jack; J. M. Stilwell'a Little Dell beat
D. Flynn's Tom Bell.
League of the Cross Rally.
A district rally and essay contest of the
League of the Cross will be held on Sun
day, April 24. in Native Sons' Hall, Mason
street. Members of the league from the
following parishes will attend the rally
in a body: St. Mary's Cathedral, Sacred
Heart, Holy Cross, St. Brigld's and St.
Francis. Companies A, D, G and M,
League of the Cross Cadets, will be pres
ent in full uniform.
The principal feature of the rally will
be the essay contest for the silver medal
of the league. The winner of the medal
Will have the privilege of competing for
the Archbishop's diamond medal next
August at the grand rally in the Mechan
ics' Pavilion.
The contestants on next Sunday will
be: Private James O'Brien. Company A,
representing St. Mary's Cathedral; Color
Sergeant George Shaw of Sacred Heart;
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Every Drop
WiEuunrs Extra Pale
PUT UP BY US IS
Carbonized, Sterilized and Bottled
From Cold Storage.
CALIFORNIA BOTTLING CO.,
SOLE BOTTLERS
Wieland's Pop-ular
BREW.
Big: Pops, Medium Pops & Little Pops,
Quarts. Pints^ Half Pints.
140T=17Eddy$t.
F'hone West \A--4-.
We are the sole authorized bottlers
for the John Wieland Brewery in the
City and County of San Francisco. Any
person or firm selling beer purporting
to be ieland's, which is not bottled by
us, is committing fraud and liable to
criminal prosecution. Information
which will lead to the arrest and con-
viction of any such party will be liber-
ally rewarded by us.
THE SMITH PREMIER I
TYPEWRITER.
Used Everywhere.
gjjli^!*. AH Makes Rented.
yfcfKjjL: Send Sor Catalogue
<y|gs|g23 and Prices.
L'SM. ALEXANDER & CO.,
110 Montgomery St., S. F.
$1.75 OR &2, vM t>
When you can gat a better light *v<C.
COMPLETE FOR 75c f*||ff
At METEOR INCANDES- V/J^L\^
METEOR INCANDES- ' IIHSr\S
CENT GASLIGHT CO., ' /><\*
'1300 Market St., corner . fe*' y
McAllister. ,
FREE CAMPING.
Ideal camping spots all along the main V\ne, Sonoma and Guerneville branches
of the SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC RAILWAY— the Picturesque
Route of California. While parties can camp everywhere, close to or remote from
the road, a few picturesque spots especially adapted for campers have been,
selected on account of their easy access to San Francisco :
GLEN ELLEN PARK — On our Sonoma branch, contiguous to track and
skirted by Sonoma Creek ; excellent fishing and bathing ; man in charge.
MIRABEL PARK— On our Guerneville branch, skirted by Mark West Creek
contiguous to track ; fishing, bathing and boating ; man in charge.
GUERNEWOOD PARK and a number of other loveiy spots on the Russian
River in the vicinity of Guerneville, on our Guernevilie branch. Business Men's
Association of Guerneville will show prospective campers to the park and othe
locations.
To and from all these places double daily train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Free wood.
For detailed information apply to D. A. SMITH, Ticket Agent, 650 Mark c
street, Chronicle building, or at General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
President and Genera! Manager. General Passenger Agent.
Sergeant William Colllgran, Company D
of St. Brigid's, and Private Hunt. Com
pany M, representing St. Francis parish
The subject of the essays will be "Tem
perance the Foundation of True Man
hood."
A3 at all rallies of the League of the
_____ ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^~~~ — — — -
' ** gS **' *« *,j gt gi gg gg gg gg gg gg gg gg'i gg »g gg gg gg gg %ggg>*S**?i*» *« ?» ** &
NO PAIN » = NO PAIN mm
CROWNS $3.50. JiBI
FILLINGS 50 WSf%
Flexible Plates $5,00 full set ™ * %
CROWNS AND BRIDGE WORK
OUR SPECIALTY.
-A-llilj WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON. Open Eveninfes. .
c? «t «i #g •? % *. c? »o »-i *. »o to ■. *. *. »^i • »o »o »-> % *. % »3 •"- »o % «o »o «i t° ss f2
c» c» c» ot c* c» ci c» c« •:« c» c» c» c« ci c« c« "i: » l» *> *« :» c» nc»c»c»c«c« c« c« o« ■:«
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous . '
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball. Shuftleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week. ' .
Call or address ■ ; : ■ ;:.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County. Cal.
Pamphlets mailedfree. ■■■■
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
;.: LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located lri
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10,
.TOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager. .
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1730 feet;
Bwimming tank 100x40: temperature -of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed — chalybeate
and other springs: tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN, Angwin, Napa County, Cal.
TO INVALIDS.
Unusually desirable opportunity for elderly
invalid lady or gentleman; medical care; kind.
intelligent nurstng and companionship; locality
unsurpassable. S. M., San Mateo.
ST; HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages: salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena, Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin I
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver and stomach troubles immediately
relieved; rates ?10 to $1S per week. Long-dla-
tance telephone. Address J. A. HAVES, Pro-
prietor, Lake County.
~ DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold mineral
baths; furnished cottages; terms $10 to $12 per I
week. Telephone. O. HOWELL, Proprietor i
Hopland, Cal.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT.
Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives. '
HOPKINS & CO., Proprietors,
Larkspur, Marln County, Cal. 1
Cross, there will be no admission fe«
charged. _
Frederick Brown in Town.
Frederick D. Brown, who has charge or
the Valley Road tunnel near Rodeo, Is in
town.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
I Grandest scenery. The hotel' an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elega"nt
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
I NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph; etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, . $10 and $15 per week; ■$2 and $2 60 per
j day. It. .\l. HORTON, Proprietor. ■
|# fl fipO IIOT SPRINGS, Sonom-i Co
whlA Only 4t n ° urs fr ° m s - F - and .
UIinUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
| noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
\ in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLAS3
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip fr..m S. F. only $5 60; take Tiburon,
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
j day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of tha
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
I CARLSBAD]
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTT.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures ■ when everything else failed, es- -
pecially in ,cases,of STOMACH. LIVER, KIP-
NEY and' BLADDER affections. - New hotel;
i superior accommodations; $S' to $10 per week;
roads excellent: good trout fishing and deer
hunt! nr. on property. For particulars write W.
It. McGOVERN, Carlsbad. Lake County.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
I Tehama County. •By rail to Red Bluff, 199
| miles; fare, $6 45;: daily stage to springs. 9 ,
i miles: fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
: 100 people; telephone, telegraph and postoffice
i in hotel; rates. $10 and up: send for book of
, I information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
• Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds: special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
! fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
Ing, (tailing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay,
Kelseyville. Lake County, Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpais Station, Ross Valley, near San Ra-
| fael. Cottages and tents, with oh without
; board. Dancing pavilion. Salt water bathing.
MRS. PETER SMITH. Proprietress.
JOHANNISBERG. ~~
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort. •
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT, Napa, Cal.
SUmJVVER HO/VIE FARM. ,'
! . Santa Cruz Mountains. first-class family re-
sort: cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming: long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 50. Send for circular to J..H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
new dining room. ■ 130 ft. lake frontage; new
: stable and livery; boating and bathing free:
terms, $S to $14 per week: route S. F. & N P
: Railway: round trip. $9 50. Address H. WAM-
i BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. 0., Lake County. Cal.
LONGIA/OOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references.. Send for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON,
1 Napa. Cal." .>;-<?A MYSTERY
OF ROBBERY
AND DEATH
Conrad Masemann Is
Decoyed by a
Woman.
She Disappeared and Left
Him Dead in the
Room.
Poison Found in the Pocket of
the Vest by the Deputy
Coroner.
WORDS TO SHOW SUICIDE.
Another Terrible Lesson That the
Wages of Sin la Death— The
Police Investigation.
There came to the Morgue yesterday
| another of those mysterious cases hint
ing: at murder and robbery which have
been of such frequent occurrence within
the last year. Bodies of unknown men
•with their pockets turned inside out
have been picked up in the bay, the
features unrecognizable through de
composition, and they have been bur
led in the potters' field and forgotten
for all time. Others, strangers from
the country, have been found dead in
bed in cheap lodging houses with the
gas turned on to give color to the easy-
DECOYED INTO A LODGING HOUSE AND ROBBED.
Some of the Effects of the Man Supposed to Be Conrad Masemann,
the Victim of an Unknown Woman Suspected of Having
Poisoned and Robbed Him in the White House Lodgings,
] on Jackson Street.
going theory of suicide or accident, and
with no money among their effects, al
thoiigh they were known on the day
before to have had In their possession
largo sums.
The case of yesterday hints at a mur
der -coupled with robbery. There are
no witnesses to the crime, and there
1b n?> clew to the perpetrator except
the slight one to be found in the story
told ■■ by the manager of the lodging
house.
Yesterday afternoon J. A. Rudell,
inan-iger of the White House, a cheap
resort at 414 Jackson street, informed
Deputy Coroner McCormick that one
of hVs guests had been found dead in
bed. ; Mr. McCormlck found in one of
the rooms a large, fine looking man,
apparently a German, lying dead on
his tfed dressed in his shirt and trous
ers. ; The limbs were very rigid and
froth had issued from the mouth, show
ing that poison had been used. Poked
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fTHE OWL
DRUG CO.
*\£®kM CUT- RATE
WM& DRUGGISTS,
mm 1128 Market St.,
S] SAN FRANCISCO.
<yr?;tiS£fr lOih.and Broadway, Oakland.
THE OWL GIVES WHAT IT ADVERTISES
Bwiffs Specific, $1 size $ p-
Bwlft'a Specili . $175 size.... %S
Slocum's Ozomulsion, $l size . •"""' 7^
Blocum'B Psychine, $3 size 2 50
Plerce's Favorite Prescription, |l "size! 65
i'inkham's Compound, $1 size .. C 5
Thompson's Dandelion and Celery
T6nic, $l size y co
Munyon'a Rr-mcdies, 25c size... "" " is
Munyon'a Remedies, 50c size.... ' '«,
Munyon'H Remedies, Ji size ..." h<)
Uake'rs Sarsaparilla, 75c size, 3 bot " 2 00
Mrs. -Allen's Female Restorative $i
size ;.... ' C r
Carter's, Ayer's and Wright's Pills* "
25c size ' ]■;
Allcoi;k's Porous Plasters, 25c size.! " 10
VVlllium's Pink Pills, 60c size ' 3^
Scott'a Kmulslon, $1 size .") £5
Aycr*s, Ilood'p, Joy's Sarsaparilla
$I;SiZQ .. fT
California Syrup of Figs, 50c size;;;;; 35
Pitcher's Castoria. 35c size 25
Send for our 100-page catalogue. J
in his vest pocket were found two
white powders, exidently morphine, or
strychnine, wrapped in a piece of news
paper.
On the rules and regulations card
posted on the wall were scrawled in
lead pencil the following: "Friday,
April 15, IS9B, 7 o'clock. She has taken
all nnd not a cent left. Good-by. My
name is no good."
On a torn sheet of note paper lying
on the tab'c were the words, also in
lead pencil: "She has Rob me of all;
not one cent laft. Good biy." On an
other sheet of paper, an advertising
dodger Cor Klondike supplies, were the
words in pencil: "I am rob of all I
had, so good biy. She not even left me
one cent. April IT. IS9S."
Mr. Rudell told the following story:
"I was dozing in a chair in the read
ing-room at about half-past 1 o'clock
yesterday (Friday) morning when this I
man came in with a woman and asked
for a room. He had been drinking and
he held a 50 cent piece in his hand,
which he gave me for the rent of the
room. The woman was about medium
hHsHt, about as tall as I am, and I did
nol take notice of her. We don't take
notice of such people, anyhow. That ;
was the first and the last I saw of
cither of them till I saw the man dead.
The bedmaker yesterday morning tried
the door and found it locked. He
thought that the landlord had made !
the bed, so he went away and said |
nothing about it. This morning he
could not get in and there was no an
swer to his knock. I knocked a whole
lot of times and then broke In the |
door and found that the man was;
dead."
On the person of the dead man were
I found a bunch of three large brass
keys, one of them resembling a pass or
skeleton key. There was also another
key with a brass check attached to it
and the number G3, evidently a room
number, engraved upon it. It did not
belong to the White House. There was
an open-faced silver watch with the
initials C. H. M. scratched on the
back of the case and a brass match
box representing the profile of Colum
bus, with the name "Conrad Mase
mann" engraved upon it. This is prob
ably the name of the dead man.
Coroner Hawkins at once reported
the case to the police, as it was clear
that robbery had been committed and
I possibly murder. If the dead man
should be identified a comparison of the
j writing found in the room with a sam
ple of his known writing will deter
mine w r hether the robber added murder
to the crime.
Several addresses in pencil on the
backs of hotel and other cards were
' found in his pockets. They were 234
O'Farrell, rooms 4 and 5; 111 Grove
street, room 2; 123 Powell street, room
' 71; 35 New Montgomery street; Miss
; Coraline Donnadieu, 617V6 Post street.
The deceased wore as a watch charm
an acorn cut in purple glass.
The facts gleaned from an interview
with Miss Donnadieu at her home last
evening indicate that the notes sup
posed to have been written by the
dead man were probably the work of
some one else. Miss Donnadieu knows
a man named Conrad Masemann and
from a description of the body at the
Morgue is convinced that he is the
one she knew. He came to this city
about three weeks ago with a letter . f
introduction to Miss Donnadieu from
her father, who is in Panama. The
two had gone there from New York
some time ago. and when Donnadieu
learned that Masemann was going to
San Francisco he wrote a letter to his
daughter to notify her of the fact that
he was sick. Miss Donnadieu says
that Mnsemann was probably a Ger
man, but that he spoke with very lit
tle accent and used excellent English
When told of the notes found upon him
she gave it as her opinion that a man
who used as good language as Mase
mann would be able to write better
English than that in the notes
Impersonated an Officer.
Thomas Tlernev a stevedore living at
609 Union Street, was arrested by Officer
Neal Carmirhael and charged with im
personating an officer. Tierney went to
the Vallejo lodging house, owned by
Louis Mattieu, and showing a police
man's star demanded possession of the
house. Mattieu saw the star was not one
belonging to a regular officer, so refused
to recognize the man and had him arrest
ed. Mattieu has bet-n sued for divorce by
his wife, who Is rooming witn Tierney's
family, and it is supposed that the latter
was trying to get possession of the house
for Mrs. Mattieu.
Fears Assassination.
Frank Purdy, an insane man, was re
moved to the insanity ward of the Re
ceiving Hospital last evening n aw.iit
examination. Purdy fell off a roof a year
ngo and was injured about tno head.
Since then he has boon laboring under
the delusion that some one will take hu
life.
■ ■» ■ _
The Passion Play.
The "Passion Play.*' which attracted so
much favorable notice last week, will be
continued every afternoon and evening
this week at the Young Men's Christian
Association Auditorium. There will be no
performance on Sunday.
Advances made on furnlturo r-,& pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Hls6ion.
THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, SI'NDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
MAY NOW STOP
THE EXPORTS
Naval Men Anxious That
Supplies for Cuba and
Porto Rico Cease.
Once the War Starts the Block
ading Vessels Will Shut
Out All Transports.
President McKinley Will Not Act
However, Until Duly Author
ized by Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 16.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKinley is serious considering
the advisability of taking action which
will prevent vessels carrying supplies
to Cuba and Porto Rico. Information
which has been officially received at
the State Department shows that Spain
is purchasing large quantities of pro
visions and coal and is shipping them
into Havana and San Juan Porto Rico,
which will be blockaded by the Ameri
can squadrons in the event of war.
Furthermore, the authorities have
been advised that the Spanish author
ities in Havana and Porto Rico are
working night and day on the harbor
fortifications, and mounting new bat
teries, composed of modern guns. In
addition submarine mines are being
planted and every effort is being made
to give the American fleet a warm re
ception upon its arrival on a hostile
mission in Cuban and Porto Rican
waters.
Recognizing that the most effective
way of reducing Havana and San Juan
will be by means of blockading and by
starvation which will follow among the
soldiers of Spain, I understand that an
effort is being made by the Navy De
partment to have the President take
steps which will result in putting a
stop to the dispatch of supplies from
the United States to the Spanish West
Indies.
It is appreciated that It will be im
possible for Spain to send food or
other supplies from Spain to her col
onies, for the reason that transports
would almost certainly be captured by
blockade vessels which will surround
Cuba, even if they failed to meet an
American cruiser on the high seas.
The department's plan of campaign
against Havana will depend much upon
the condition of the climate in the is
land when hostilities commence. If
the rainy season is at its height and
yellow fever is rampant, it is proba
ble that work, for some time at least,
will be confined to a blockade. The
army will be rushed into the island as
soon as conditions are suitable to make
an attack. So far as Porto Rico is
concerned, it is recognized that there
will have to be army and navy co
operation there, for the reason that
Spain has quite a large military force
on that island.
There is considerable doubt as to
whether the President can, under the
law, as it now stands, forbid the ex
portation of supplies to Cuba and Porto
Rico. When war commences, of course,
an embargo will follow, but whether
he can take such action in time of
peace is a question which the law of
ficials of the Government will serious
ly study before taking action.
That there may be no delay whatever
about the matter Senator Hawley in
troduced in the Senate the resolution
authorizing the President to stop the
exportation of coal. This is only a
step, however, in the direction which
the naval authorities would like to go.
Besides coal it is desired to stop ship
ment of all kinds of provisions and
munitions of war. It is said that the
President considers that the wisest
plan is to secure legislation on the sub
ject. When this has been done, then
he will take such action as Congress
authorizes.
WOMAN'S CONGRESS IN SESSION.
The Fifth Annual Meeting, Which
Will Soon Be Followed by an
Entertainment.
The fifth annual session of the Woman's
Congress Association was held yesterday
afternoon in the Occidental Hotel. The
association is progressing in usual good
order and arrangements have been made
for a programme to be rendered in the
N. S. G. W. hall on the evenings of May
2. 3, 4 and 5. An interesting programme
will be given. •
Following arc the subjects to be dis
cussed: "Social Trends in a Democracy,"
Dr. E. A. Ross; "Money Measurements of
Men." Miss M. E. Connor; "Anglo-
Mania, Its Cause, Its Justification and
Its Cure," David Starr Jordan; "Influ
ence of Woman's Cluhs on Social Life "
Mrs. E. A. Orr; "The Church as a Source
of Fellowship," Mrs. Sidney Yarrow
"The Sway of Fashion," Mrs. M. R
Smith; "Social Functions and the News
paper." Prof. C. A. Duniway; "Disinte
gniting Forces of City Life," Mrs. Sarah
Pratt Carr; "The Mission of the Social
Settlement," K. C. Babcock; "Equality
How Far Is It an American Idea 9 " Dr'
Jordan; "Can We Escape the Growth of
Social Distinctions?" Dr. E. A. Ross
The members of the executive board in
sure all a pleasant evening who attend
the exercises. They are as follows- Mrs
J. F. Swift, Mrs. M. W. Kinkaid. Mrs Q
T. Gadea, Mrs. Ada "Van Pelt, Madame
L. A. Sorbier, Mrs. Jordan, Mrs A
Bperry, Mrs. G. W. Bunne-U. Mrs. Lloyd
Baldwin, Mrs. Henry Krebs Jr., and Mrs.
C. O. Smith.
Booked on Two Charges.
Andrew Tychsen of 7% Madison avenue
was arrested by Officer John Lynch yos
terday on a warrant sworn to by H H
Hcrrin of Lake County, charging him
with misdemeanor and obtaining money
on false pretenses. He will be removed
to Lake County to-day for trial.
ELECTION AT STOCKTON.
Proposed Annexation of Two School
Districts Defeated.
STOCKTON, April 16.— The election
held In Stockton and the Fair Oaks and
North school districts to-day on the
question of the annexation of the two
outside districts to the city resulted in a
decisive majority against annexation.
Stockton cast a majority of 112 against
annexing the eastern or Fair Oaks addi
tion out of a total of 998 votes, while that
district cast but one majority for it in a
total of 139. The Stockton vote against
the annexation of the north district was
542 out of a total of 1002 votes, making
the majority against the proposition 91
The voters of the north district cast 4i
votes and gave a majority of 8 against
annexation.
The movement in both cases grew out
of the public school money distribution
between the city and the outside dis
tricts, wnich were tormerly granted
school privileges in t«.e city.
Death* of a Pioneer Woman.
VENTURA. April 16.— Mrs. Martinla H.
Camarallio died to-day at her home in
this city at the age of 72. She was the
widow of Juan Camarallio, and was born
in Santa Barbara. Juan Camarallio
came to San Buenaventura in 1854, and
at one time owned 20,000 acres of land in
Ojai Valley. Mrs. Camarallio will be
buried at the old mission on Monday.
First Cherries of the Season.
VACAVILLE, April IC-The first box
of cherries to go East this year was
shipped yesterday by Maury Robinson to
Chicago. He shipped another box to-day.
Yesterday's shipment was eleven days
earlier than the first of last season, which
was shipped on April 26.
FRAOTIOUS HORSES
CAUSE HIS DEATH.
Burlingame Coachman Killed by
Being Hurled From a
Carriage.
REDWOOD CITY, April ""^.—Coroner
James Crowe was called t<> I an Mateo
this morning to hold an Inquest over the
body of a young man named Walter Ab
lett, who was killed by being thrown
from a carriage yesterday morning near
Burlingame. Ablett was coachman for
Frank Carolan of Burlingame, but not
withstanding his position was evidently
highly cultured and well connected. That
he had traveled extensively is shown by
the great number of curios which he had
in his possession. Among them were
some gathered in Egypt, with pictures of
himself taken at Cairo in Egyptian cos
tume. A number of letters and pictures
I from friends and relatives in various
j parts of the world were found in his
trunk. 'Upon his person was found a card
bearing the address of bis father, "J. Ab
lett, Friday Bridge, near Wlsbeck, Cam
bridge, England." Ablett wan a native
of Scotland, and about 30 years old.
Yesterday afternoon Ablett started
from the Carolan place with a double
team to take a friend named Smythe to
San Mateo. The horses became unman
ageable and Smythe jumped outofthecar
riage. The team ran away, and at a
; bridge about 20*) yards from the Carolan
place the carriage was upset, throwing
the driver out. He struck upon his head
i and was rendered unconscious. His skull
i was fractured, and he died about 8 o'clock
yesterday evening.
ON THE TRAIL OF
BOXCAI THIEVES.
Northern Pacific Railroad Detectives
Recover a Quantity of Stolen
Merchandise.
TACOMA. April 16.— 1t develops to-night
that Northern Pacific Railroad detectives
are hot on the track of a gang of thieves
which has been systematically robbing
freight cars along the western end of the
road. Goods for which the railroad has
paid thousands of dollars in settling
claims for losses have mysteriously dis
appeared, until detectives unearthed the
fact that regular hauls were being made
on the Pacific division, east and south of
Tacoma.
Officers here were notified to-day that
the men whom the detectives are after
were in Astoria. Sheriff Mills wired to
Olympia for requisition papers and In
tended going to Astoria via Salem to
night-, when telegrams announced that
the men were no longer in Astoria. The
Northern Pacific is <sald to have ordered
its detectives to spare no expense in cap
! Turing the gang, which apparently learn
ed last week that it was being shadowed.
Several hundred dollars' worth of stolen
cigars, tobacco and shoes have been cap
tured at the gang's cache, twenty-five
miles east of Tacoma.
HEAVY DAMAGES FOR
A FRESNO RANCHER.
Wins a Suit Against the San Joa
quin-Kings River Canal Irriga
*tiori Company.
FRESNO. April 16.— The suit brought by
William Lowry against the San Joaquin-
I Kings River Canal Irrigation Company,
■ which has been on trial before a Jury
| in Judge Rlsley'a court all week, ended
I late this afternoon in a verdict of $20,000
i for the plaintiff. The award of such
heavy damages r;inip as a surprise
I to those who had been following the case.
j It was thought the plaintiff would get a
verdict, but few thought it would be for
so large an amount.
The amount sued for was $25,000, for in
; jury sustained by the flooding of a large
acreage which Lowry was farming. The
damage was alleged to have been caused
by the backing up of water owing to a
dam which the Irrigation Company main
tained across San Joacjuin River.
The defendant asked for twenty days'
! .stay, which was consented to. The case
I will be appealed to the Supreme Court.
It is understood that Miller & Lux are
the real defendants in the action.
PERMITS FOR CUT-OFFS
ON THE SAN JOAQUIN.
Work on the Improvement of the
Stream Will Soon Be Under
Way.
SACRAMENTO. April 16.— Ed E. Leake,
Commissioner of Public Works, to-day re
ceived the following telegram from Con
gressman De Vries:
"Permit from War Department for cut
offs 6 and 7 on the San Joaquln goes
forth to-day. Please rush Sacramento
plan."
This long delayed permit means much
to the property owners along the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers. It is very
probable that tho same action will be
taken in regard to work on the New Town
shoals, and as the plans were forwarded
to-day word will be no doubt received in
a very short time.
STANFORD'S ACQUISITION.
Alexis V. Babine Appointed Asso-
ciate Librarian.
PALO ALTO, April IG.-Alexis V. Ba
bine, librarian of the university of Indi
ana, has been appointed associate li
brarian at Stanford University. Mr Ba
bine is a native of Russia, where he re
ceived a thorough education, especially
along the lines of the modern languages
and history. On coming to this country
he entered Cornell University, where he
took his bachelor's degree, afterward be
coming assistant librarian. From thi«
position he was called to the University
of Indiana.
Mr. Babine has a high standing among
librarians. He has a thorough knowledge
of the technique of the profession, as well
as a broad acquaintance with hooks. He
will be a valuable acquisition to the fac
ulty of Stanford University.
Funeral of Miss Wilson.
SANTA CRUZ, April 16.-The body of
Miss M. Rey Wilson arrived yesterday
afternoon from New York City. Her
funeral will take place to-morrow from
the homo of her sister, Mrs. Genobedo
Epifanls Arano, in East Santa Cruz. The
Interment will be at the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77"
FOR
Grip & Colds
FRIENDS OF "SEVENTY-SEVEN"
will try for other diseases Dp. Humphreys'
Specifics, they act directly upon the dis-
ease without exciting disorder In other
parts of the system.
Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Weak Stom-
ach are cured by No. 10.
Rheumatism and Lumbago are overcome
by No. 15.
Skin Diseases. Salt Rheum, Erysipelas
and Eruptions are quickly allayed
by No. 14.
The Spcr-lflc of greatest general use is
No. 1 for Feverish Conditions; taken at
the beginning "breaks up" the disease.
Specific Manual to be found at Drug-
gists, or sent free, tells all.
Sold by druggists, or sent on receipt of price.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New York.
RAZORS IN THE
ATMOSPHERE
J. Baltimore, a Barber,
Carved His Sweet-
heart's Husband.
A Dealer in Coal Oil Who Re
grets That He Thought He
Was Infatuated.
Sent to the Hospitnl After Attempting
to Show a Rival the Error
of His Way.
James Baltimore, colored, and a
barber by profession, is in all kinds of
difficulty because of a love affair in
which the wife of a local coal-oil
dealer is intermingled. For weeks past
the clandestine meeting's have taken
place, but a few nights ago the hus
band became aware ot the visits of his
wife and went to the barber shop of his
rival, and in an attempt to assassinate
his competitor received a deep gash
in the calf of the right leg, which
necessitated a visit to the Receiving
Hospital, where the wound was dressed.
The case, or rather love affair, shows
how easily a man of good looks may
win the affections of a lady of trusting
disposition, be she what nationality or
'me nature ha* made her, but in this
case the lady was white, and in conse
quence the husband was made the
mere jealous thereby. Nature fre
quently plays peculiar tricks, and the
coal -oil dealer thinks razors are even
more tricky, but he is willing to leave
things as they are, since his better half
has decided that she will no longer
leave the fireside of the man she has
chosen, and in consequence Baltimore
is shaving his customers in a quiet
way while his brain is whirling in a
mist of plans and determination.
It is not at all probable that the case
will find its way into the courts, but
there are rumors which flit here and
there that a body may find its way
into the Morgue, but neither husband,
nor rival seems to worry, as it is prob
able that the center of attraction has
given solemn promises in both direc
tions. "I don't blame him for cutting
me," says one, and the other dreams
of a second chance to repeat the
operation.
Meanwhile the lady in the case won
ders just where the peculiar situation
will end, and it is rumored that she
will fly v.- distant parts to escape the
anger of her husband and the honeyed
words of James Baltimore, the barber.
GOVERNOR OF A PROVINCE
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Accused of Being in League With
Revolutionists to Overthrow the
President of Ecuador.
PANAMA, April 16.— Telegraphic ad
vices from the Herald's correspondent in
Guayaquil, Ecuador, say: The Governor
of this province was to-day placed under
arrest by the commander in chief of the
army here. The cause is not generally
known, but it is supposed he is accused
of being in league with the revolutionary
movement to overthrow President Al
faro. All is quiet now.
Death of W. E. Parrott.
PHOENIX, April 16.— W. E. Parrott
died at the Sisters Hospital last night.
He came to Phoenix five months ago suf
fering from lung trouble. He was one
of the noted baseball players of the
union.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
: remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any. form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
" carefully sealed in a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ara
requested to write without delay.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
ff===si] CALIFORNIA
ißfflfmßßSi' LIMITED.
Hmin^Ki SAN FR NCiSCO
|lßHiMms«l| Chicago,
S™™ 1 ! CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
....... « ......
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawtngr-Rcom Sleepers.
S',i days to Chicago, 4V6 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist 81eeplng Cars on
fast time. Direct Conner' i In Chicago : and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrl' ■■ and depart f rcm Market-stre»t
Ferry. San Fran isco ticket of flee, 6.1 Market
t treet. ■ Chronicle building. Telephone • Mala
1620. Oakland- office. 1118 Broadway. •■' Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. Ban Joae. J Weat
Panta Clara street. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
rv -...*-■.. (Via Sausallto Ferry.).. . ;
• Leave San Francisco, commencing November
13. 1897:' V ; - "
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m. ;-.'"•
— Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill 'Valley, $1.
v " THOS. V COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
■treet. Ban Fraaclsca. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■■■'■■ ■''■■•'■; - ■ - ■
EMILE ZOLA,
The Weil-Known French Writer.
EMILE ZOLA Writes:
Yin Mariani-The Elixir of Life, which
combats human debility, the one real cause
of every ill— a veritable scientific fountain of
youth, which, in giving vigor, health and
energy, would create an entirely new and
superior race.
EMILE ZOLA.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
KSSIi Kg ■ I |\ KffSS n M W m A. «S V B II
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC for BODY. NERVES and IiRAIN
FOB OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN.
Vin 'Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over
the world. It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles,
Throat and Lung -Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General
Debility.
MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES AND LA GRIPPE.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
YIN MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH
SPECIAL OFFER— all who write mentioning the San Francisco CALL, we mend
a book containing portraits and Indorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES,
CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO.. 52 WEST ISTH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris ll Boulevard Haussmann; London— Mortimer Street; Montreal— Hospital Street."
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
INI lIV ■»*< It'll' COMPANY.
(PAOiriO SVHTKM.)
Tralna leuvct mill mi' <lv« lv nrrl>« at
NAN I'KAMJNI'O. c
m (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LBAYK — From April 10. 1898. — arrivj
•K:O»a Niles, San Jose and Way Station*... »S:-15a
7:00* Renicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:OOa JMarygville, Orovilleaud Uedding via
Woodland 3:45p
7:00 a Vneaville and Rumser 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo. Kapa,
Calintoga and Sauta Rosa 0:15p
8:OOa Atlantic KxiireßS, OK'len and ICast.. K:4si>
■iJIOa Niii-M. .San .lose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marynvilla, Cliico,
• Tehamaaml Itliiff -lil.ip
•»i3oa Teters, Miltou and Oakdale "7slSp
»i«oa New Orleans Kiiirrr.ii, Merced, Ray-
mond, rrasilO, Hakfrnliiv.l. Hinitu
H.ni.Hra. I. os An «<•]••«, DeinlnK,
F.I faiio, New Orleans and E»st. 6i45p
OtOOA Vallt-jn. Martinez, Msrced and
Fresno I«:lSp
•l:OOp Sacramento Ulver Steiiiiirrn M»:OOp
l:OOr Nilea, San Jofi« atd Way Stationa.. *»:43a
l:3Op Martluer and Way Statiuns ..... ?:4Sp
2i:oor Livermore, Mendota, Hanford aud
VUalia 4:13p
JUreruiore, San Jose, Niles acd Way
Stations J10:13a
4iOOr tin«/, Ban lUinon, V»liejo, .
Napa, <'Hllsti>KH, ICI Verano and . *
% - Siinta 9i13»
4iO«p lifiiiciit, Vacaville, Woodland,
Kniglits Landing. Marysville, Oro-
»llli> iiikl .Sni-rniiieiit.ii... 10:45 a
- I:3Op Niles, San .lose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:ISp
i3l»r Latlirop, Modesto, Mercrd, Berenda,
l-'reano, Mi.jare (for Randsburg),
' SanU llarbara anil l.i« Angi-lrn.. 7i43a
4i:iOp Kaiitit K<- Itonte, Atlantic r.xiueas
for Mujiirt) nnd ICiwt... 6:45p
Us:3Op " Sunset. Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paao. Fort Wortli, Little Rock, St.
Lnuis, Cbicago and East §10: a
«Js:3«ip "Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and Wast 10: 5a
A:O»i- Km-i.pcuii Muil, «> .lrn and li.ml U:43a
II:OO|. lluruiirdH, Nili-aaiid .San J05e...... 7:4»a
t«:OOr Vbllcji) 17:45p
BstHti- uir- Mn |i;\(iii«s, Mni-i'itiiienlo, Murys-
villn, Itr.l.lliii;, l',,i tliiml. I'uytit
_. s..iiinl mnl Kant... S:l3a
SA.N LKAMiKO AMI lIAVWAUOS LOCAL.
I Foot of Market Street.)
{•«iOOa"\ ( 7:13 a
I«:O«a . Me!roM«, Spinliiarj P«rk, t ! l U: iiJ l
KMlot ntrl.l.«r«. Klmliurst, ' 5^
11:00 a. San Lrnnilro, South San 12:<5p
t1 . . ! °. 0 . ! L-andrO, KMn.lillo, {ISU
*t3:oop • Lorenzo, Cherry ■ «4«43p
4:0 Op , -"■■-:'■. J3:45p
•VOilr anli uiibp
3«30p Hajnardii. 2 s i« p
7:OOr ' *:45p
Jlsoop { Rmil through to Nilei. .£is*
O:OOp 1 i,- rom Nii e « ■ 1O:.>O|-
t»ll:l5r " r ""'^" e »- - '■ { tt l2:QU P
t:UAM' DIVISION (Narron tiauge).
(Foot of Market Street. I
' |7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion, Sant» Crui .
and Principal Way Stations }StO3p
8:13 a Newark.CenterTllle.San Felton,
lioulder Creek.SanU Ortiz and Way
Stations .;.... Bi3op
•2:15p Newark, CeDterville. San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. ll.iul.irr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
, Stations O:3Oa
4:l3pSan Joge and dlenwood 9:20 a
- a4:IOp Boulder Crrek and Santa Crur. j»:'i»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlti f RIKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0()A.M. {1:00 *2:00 }3:CO
♦4:00 t5:00 . 'e^OP.M.
OAIUKD— r««t 3ro.i»«T.— *6:Co 8:00 ]0:00t.M.
t!2:00 '1:00 #3:00 '•3:00 tt:OO "3:03
' t'UANT DIVISION iKrond (Jauge). <J
. ' (Third and Tow mend St*.) ■
~ •7iOOa Man .lose and Way Sutloiis (New ~~
Almaden Wednesdays only) - J:3Or
J7s3oa Sunday Excursion - for San Joae.
SanU Cmz, Pacific Grove t and
rrinctpal Way 5tati0n5.............. JB:«3p
9:00* Nan .lone. Trea l'lnoa, Kmitn. Criir..
l'licillo Hro»«L Paso Itobles, Hmi
: -,'.■.-:_ Luis oi.lsi.il, Quadalupe, Surf and
Vilnoi|>al, Wny .Statlnni 4:10t
lOiIOa Sun .limh »nd Way Ststlons »»:«Oa
II:3Oa San J«se and Way Hta»ioiis •8:35 a
*2:43rSan Mateo, Redwood, Monlo Park,
Banta Clara, H»n Jose, Cilliuy.
Holllster, Smitu Crux,* SnJinas,
-'■' Mimierey and Pacilic (ir-"-«j , # 10i33*
•Si3Or Jose,' . ' ■ " .■■--.■* ......
and Way 5tati0n*......... *9:00 a
• •4ilsr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:«»0r San Jose and Principal Way Station* 6:33 a
5:»Oi- San .Ti.se mid Principal Way Statiom 5:»0p
O::i«rSan JoMand Way 5tati0n5......... •. 7:30p
. t11:43i- Sau Jose mid Way Statloim... 7:30p
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.  r •
•Bun'l»»s e«cei>ted. J Sundays only, i fiianriiays only
tt Monday, Thursday and Smur.iay nights only.
IT Thursday*. , . , a Saturday* and Sundays
i Saturdays. . J Sundays and Mondays.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FRANCISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, £oot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:10, 11:10 a. m. :
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 and 6:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, S:4O,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave In pfTf**' Arrive
Ban Francisco. Oct 21.' ' San Fran o'.'W*
Week) Sun- ■ Twt.uat.inn ' Sun-. I WeeK
Days. I days. Destmauon daya | flay^
7:80 a.m. [S. ooa.m. 'Novato, ' 10:40 a.m. 1 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. »:30a.rn. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
b:lop.m 6:00 p.m. Santa Roaa. 7:a3p.m: t>:33p.m.
7 20a.m. 1 Pulton,
Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Eealdsbur^,
Lyttoa,
Geyservllla,
7:B>p.m. S:nn.i.m. i Cloverdala 1 7:35 p.m. 6:23p.mi
I Hopland and {
7 :30 a.m. 11 8 -00a.m. I Ukiah. | 7:35 p.m. (5:22 p.m.
r:3oa.inl .1 Jlo:2oa.m.
8:00 a.m. Gnernevllle. ! 7:36 p.m.
8:30 p.m. \ I | 6:22 p.m.
VUiOa.m. - .uo:i..iu Sonoma 10:40 a.m. s:Wab.
and
6:10 p.m. 5 :00 p.m. Glen EUcn. S:lop.m. 6:22p.tn.
7:80 a.m. b:ooa.m.) s ., baßt(>naL |10:«0a.m.|10:25a.m
3:30 p.m. 5:0 Up.m.l SooaatopoL | T^p.m.! 7:22p.ra
Stages connect at Sa.nta Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe, Boonville,
Orr's Hot Springs, llendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
building.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Con. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1i97, trains will run a*
. (ollovra:
From September 10, 1597, trains will run aa
follows:
Southbound. I 1 . Northbound.
Passen- 1 Mixed Mixed I Passen-
. ger Sunday Stations Sunday tier
Dally Exceptedj Excepted Daily
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton I 3:45 p.m. 6:40 p.m.
9:10 a. m. 12:50 p.m. Merced ! 12:60 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. | Fresno J 9:30 a, m. 2:200.m.
li:4oa.m. f«:2()p.in. |H,infordf 0:4.'. a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. l 6:45 p.m. | Vlsalia | 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
- Stopping at liuernitdiata points when re-
quired. .
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
C. - N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coultervllle, etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos, Marlposa. etc.:
at Lankershim.with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
1!», 1597.
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— -25. »9-30
11:30 a. m. *1:45, 3:45, *5:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
::■;■■:-■ SUNDATS.
For Mill Valley and San Raf a*l— *S :00.' »10-00
•11:30 a. m. -1:15. 3:00. *4:30, 8:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS. -
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and w»y «a-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan ■ Mills and way stations; 8:00 a.' ra.
[ ~ Sundays for Point Reyea and. way stationa.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open 1
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
611 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cl 5 Larkin street: open v -1 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 lock.
106 Eleventn itreet; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
street*; open until .- o'clock.
CHL'HCII NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block 223 Sutter st., bet Kearny and Grant
aye— At 11 a. m., Christian Science Bible ;
lessons; subject. "The Transfiguration of i
Jesus." Sundaj school for children at the
same hour. lence and Health" study ■
Thursday, at S p. m. All are welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal;
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. — i
Rev. John Stephens, pastor. Residence, 309
Halght si Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p m. The pastor will preach at 11 a. m.. and 1
Rev. F. A. Lee, D.D., of Nevada at 7:30 p. m. I
r.\ special request the choir will repeat the
Easter music so magnificently rendered last j
Fundiiy evening. Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m.
C. B. Perkins, superintendent. Epworth
League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-meeting i
onWednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. The pub-
lic cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers in attend-
ance.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mls-
sion st.. Bel Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Class
meetings, 9:30. a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Ser-
mon ut U a. m., subject, "The Heavenly
Vision." Endeavor societies, 6:15 p. m. Even-
ing sermon, 7:45 o'clock; subject, "The Cru-
elty and Anachronism of War," followed by
an after meeting. This Is a people's church.
Everybody invited. Seats all free. Court-
eous ushers. Choir led by J. J. Morris. At
Ip. m Sunday school, Rolla V. Watt, su-
perlntendent.
HOWARD St. Methodist Episcopal Church—
The strangers' Sabbath home, 643 Howard St.,
bet. Secon ! and Third, two blocks from Pal-
ace Hotel. John A. B. Wilson, P.P.. pastor,
will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Morn-
Ing subject, "Old Time Religion" ; evening,
"Counterfeit Religion." Special services of
song by chorus. Boys' Brigade choirs and
prominent soloists. A cordial welcome awaits
you. Seats free.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Pow-
ell and Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphill, D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Professor Warren H. Landon, D.D.. Will
preach morning and evening. Music, morn-
Ing, Easter anthem, "Awake, Awake, 'Tis
Easter Morn." alto solo and quartet, E. E
Truette; offertory, "Hosanna" (Granier),
tenor solo, Mr. Willis Bacheller. Music,
afternoon, "Benedic Anima," E flat, S. P.
Warren: offertory, "The King of Love," H.
Rowe Shelli • . solo and quartet. All are cor-
dially invited
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and I'ase sts.— Rev. Samuel S. Cryor,
D.D., pastor. The services to-morrow will
be conducted by Major George A. Hilton,
the well known evangelist, who is conduct-
Ing a very interesting and instructive series
of evangelistic services In this church. At
the morning Bervlce at 11 o'clock his topic
will be "Christian Courage." For the even-
ing service his topic is not yet announced.'
He will als 1 Bpeak to the children in the
Sunday school and Bible class meeting at 9:4;>
a. m.,"and w'.th the Christian Endeavorers at
6:30 p. m. on "Fearlessness." During the
coming week he will give Bible readings
daily at 3 p. m. and evangelistic services
every evening at the church. To all these
exercises all are earnestly invited and wel-
comed. God Is blessing his work.
TRINITY Church, Bush and Gough sts.— Rev.
H. E. Cooke, rector: Rev. H. S. Hanson, as-
sistant. Services every Sunday at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Holy communion first and
third Sundays at 11; other Sundays at 7:30.
Litany. Wednesday and Friday at 11 a. m.
In the chapel. Evening prayer ana address.
Friday, at 4:30 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30
a. in.
FIRST Unitarian Church, southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
minister: Charles A. Murdock, superintendent
of Sunday school. The Sunday school Is at
10 o'clock; the morning service is at 11
o'clock. The Rev. Theodore C. Williams
will preach.- All are cordially Invited. There
is no evening service.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
near Webster — to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m.
Rev. F. B. Cherington, D.D., pastor, will
preach morning and evening. Morning sub-
ject. "Paul's Prayer for the Phillppian.
Church." Evening subject, "Symmetry of
Christian Character."
PIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason St.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D., pas-
tor, will preach morning and evening. Morn-
ing service, 11 o'clock; theme, "The Influence
of the Past." Evening service, 7:45 o'clock:
theme, "A Tree Planted by the Rivers of
Water." Sunday school and Bible classes at
12 f p. m. Y. P. S. C. E., 6:30 p. m. Samuel j
D. Mayer, organist and choir master.
THE First Divine S -lence Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Subject, "God Incarnation
Versus Personal Reincarnation and Karma."
Services, 11 a. ni.. Yosemite Hall. N. S. <}.
W. building, Mason st., bet. Post and Geary.
Bible class and Sunday school, 10 a. m.
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, Mason and El-
lis Bts -Special mass meeting for men only
this afternoon. 3 o'clock. Address by Major
G rge E. Hilton, evangelist, on "Soul
Poison." Music by the Oakland male choir,
Mr. A. M. Benham, director. Seats free and
all young men welcome.
ALL believers In "Conditional Immortality" or
"Eternal Life Only Through Christ." and
opposed to the doctrine of "eternal torment."
and any who are Interested in these subjects
are Invited to meet Sunday. April 17. at 11
a. m and 3 p. m. at Pythian Castle, 909
Market t.
CATHOLIC Apostolic Church, Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Mason st.— James B. Davenport,
evangelist, S p. m. Admission free; no collec-
tion. "The Slumbering Church Compared to
the Parable of the Ten Virgins." The spe-
cial teachings of the Catholic Apostolic
Church will be explained. All are- Invited.
THE Theosophical Society of "Universal
Brotherh 1." Sl9 Market St.— Lecture to-
nipht. "Rich and Poor," by Dr. Allen Grif-
fiths. Subject Tuesdaj night, "Concentra-
tion." The International Brotherhood League
meets every Saturday night. its first object
is "To help men and women to realize the
nobility of their calling and their true posi-
tion in life."
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock. Fraternal Hall, Odd Fel-
lows' building; subject, "Our Duty in War,"
by Will C. Bailey. Subject Wednesday, "Re-
incarnation." Lotus Circle in same, building
at 2 p. m., Sunday. Come and bring your
children.
SI'XDAV MEETINGS.
BOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists. Occidental
Hall, corner Larktn and McAllister sts.;
take elevator: song service at 7:30, April 17;
Mrs. R. S. Lillle will lecture; subject, "Man,
Know Thyself." It would seem that every
Intelligent person in this city would want to
hear this lecture; admission 10c.
PALMISTRY proven to be a science by a lec-
ture with demonstrations given by Mrs. M.
L. Chandler. Mon. April 18, 8 p. m. Ad. 10c.;
old Supreme Court Bldg., 305 Larkin et., cor.
McAllister; elevator to the hall.
OAKLAND Psychical Society, Fraternal Hail.
Washington st., 7:30 p. m. Madame Florence
■ Montague will occupy the platform, assisted
by Mrs Pottenger, ol Chicago, who will dis-
course upon occultism.-
DR. "' MUEHLENBRUCK, test circle every
' Tuesday evening; consultation dally; Bruns-
wick Hotel. Oakland; no hall meeting until
further notice.
AT Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society, 909 Market st. ;
11, free; 2-S p. m., 10c; Mrs. Sealey. Gllling-
ham. Prof. Fisher; all tests; Wednesday. 335
■ McAllister st.
COME hear the wonderful boy orator and Mme.
Young's convincing tests to-night; 10c; 605
McAllister; watch Wednesday papers for
• Oakland.
MME. MONTAGUE holds meeting In San
Francisco Wednesday evening at Occidental
Hall, cor. Larkln and McAllister sts., at 8.
TEST developing circle. 2 p. m., 8 p. m.; test
meeting.lOc; 335 McAllister; R. A. Stitt, Nlta,
Makin, Hargrave, Evens, Gilltngham, others.
KATIE HEUSSMANN; sittings $1; circle Fri-
■ day evening; 2 written questions answered
• 25c. 115 Franklin st.
MARKET, 997— T0-night, speaking, tests, ques-
tions answered; prominent mediums; admis-
sion free.
FREE thought; Mr. Sawklns lectures to-night,
909 Market, 8; blessed sacrament of flesh and
blood.
MRS. FAVRE, 1133 Mission St.. spiritual test
meeting to-night; free; no collection.
MRS. MAXWELL COLBY, VC.% Oak St.; slt-
tlntfs daily: circles Saturday evening. ; ■
c V. MILLER'S ethereallzlng materializing
seance, I p. m. 408 Leavenworth st.
MRS EGGERT AITKEN. clairvoyant, 320 Mc-
Allister St.; sittings dally.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— J»
ailed meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _#%_
EVENING. Second degree. r /Z
CD. BUNKER. Secretary, /^v
ODD FELLOWS' day— Grand annt- .<ssm*('s'
versory picnic at Shell Mound
Park, TUESDAY, April 26. "^3*^^"
Games, races, gate prizes, music ' ' '> in
und dancing. Visit the Patriarchs Militant
and Rebekahs. Come one, come all and have
a good time. F.ntire proceeds in aid of Or-
phans Home at Gilroy. -Admission 25c. Chil-
dren under 12 years free.
.... . «
IttJEETJNG NOTlCES— Continued.
MISSION Chapter No. 155, Order East- »
era Star— Officers and members are wfM
notified to assemble at Mission Masonic jffjr
Temple, 2C6S Mission St., at 1 p. m., *"*■
THIS DAY. (SUNDAY), for the purpose of
conducting the funeral of our late sister, :
.SARAH MYRICK MORSE. By order of the
W. M. . MARY G. FOSTER, Sec.
THE 29th annual picnic of the Knights *
of the Red Branch will be held at Kj>
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, SUN- £V?js
DAY, May 1. 1S!«. Irish step dancing **»* y
will be a special feature this ypar.
• THE PRESIDENT.
THIRTY-SECOND annual gathering w- -». |
and games of the Caledonian Club J*« tSv"
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley. 4J».Xi^
SATURDAY, May 2S. **-«•*•
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following
orphans, half-orphans and abandoned girls i
have been received at Maria Kip Orphanage
from January 1 to April 1, 1898: Adah Lois
Madelien, age 3 years; Mary Josephine !
O'Neill, age 3 years 1 month; Ida Brown, age ■
9 years .s months; Fannie Lowans, age 9 !
years; Pauline Brown, age 6 years 10 months; ;
Millicent Huntlngtun. age 4 years.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table. covers,
towels, Oannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st. |
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 995 Market, near Sixth,
room 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5550.
MRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS, electrician, can
be found at 472 Stevitnson St., cor. Sixth.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary st., room 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $L 343 !
Third et. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny St., room 2.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market st., room 29, second floor.
FANNIE PAVIS returned: massage baths. 122 j
Post st., room iO, second lloor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. ISH Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market st., room 2.
MME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTIChS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend N07~64 ~(forty
cents per share) of the HUTCHINSON
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be I
payable at the office of the company, 327 I
Market st. on and after Wednesday, April
20, IS9S. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, April 14, IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m. •
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS A r A.MI.D-ILM.VLc;.
LADIES desiring flrst-class help please call or
telephone your orders to MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG Protestant woman wishes housekeep-
er's position In family; loves children; city
or country; references. Please call 3260
Twenty-second st., near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse desires a situa-
tion or take charge of invalid; large expe-
rience; good references. Address Nurse, 341
Brannan st.
GIRL wants position to do general housework
in small private family. Please call at 853
Halght Ft.
WANTED— Any kind of sewing: family mend-
Ing; children's work; terms reasonable.. Ad- j
dress Seamstress, 405 Turk st.
GOOD American Janltress wants office work; j
very best of city references; no postals. C. j
S., 245 Natoma st.
DRESSMAKER wants work In faml'.les; $1 10
per day. 510 Diamond st. \
MOTHER and daughter wish positions as
housekeeper, chambermaid or cook on ranch '
or mines. Call Monday, SO2 Montgomery st.,
room 11.
STRONG German »lady wishes general house- i
work; wages $25; also young girl, 17, wishes i
light housework; wages $15. Call Monday,
SO2 Montgomery St., room 11.
POSITION wanted by the day to do washing,
Ironing or housecleaning or nurse. 13^ Welch
St., rear.
WIDOW would like housework on a ranch,
with 2 boys, ases 13 and 9; boy can work
also. Address box 3338, Call office.
CAPABLE young woman wishes office or cler-
ical work; references. Box 3330, Call office.
GOOD cook and second girl for the same house ]
or will do chamberwork and waiting; city or
country- Box 3177, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook and baker; fine house-
keeper; city or country; ranch or summer re-
sort preferred: moderate wages. 12.) Third.
NEAT, reliable Protestant widow, elderly,
wishes position as housekeeper; capable of
doing the entire work of a family; reference
given; widower's family preferred; wages $10
month. Call at 268 Stevenson st.
WANTED— take home washing by a com-
petent woman; flannels a specialty. Send or
address MRS. JOHNSON, 4 Sherwood place.
FIRST-CLASS Danish cook desires situation;
4>t; years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— By a refined and trustworthy young -
woman, light housework in a small family. |
or care of an Infant, for pleasant home and
small wages; best references. Address ANNIE
BERNERDINE. 2526 MiSHJon Bt.
RESPECTABLE educated woman wishes to go
to Alaska with reliable party as cook, wait-
ress or housekeeper; capable and trustful; Al i
references; strictly business. Box 3359, Call.
NEAT elderly woman wishes housework In
small family, with room; neat cook; Ameri-
can. Address E. R., 1231 Market st.
ENERGETIC woman wants work; would gro to
Klondike or mining camp for party. Call
Monday. 927 Market St., room 516. 9 to 5.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go In families to sew;
|1 per day. 121 Shotwell st.. near Sixteenth.
RESPECTABLE girl desires position to do
general housework, plain washing. In small
American family. Call Sunday. 212 l Eleventh.
NORTH German girl wants situation to cook
and do downstairs work; good references.
1022 Larkin st.
WANTED— By competent Protestant girl; good
cook; will do housework in private family.
Call at 901 Post st.
GERMAN lady would like a position at general
housework and plain cooking in small fam-
ily. 11 Bernice st., bet. Twelfth and Thir-
teenth, near Harrison.
LADY of refinement wishes position as nurse,
companion or seamstress; city or country;
best of references. Address E. E., branch
office^Call, 615 Larkin st.
COMPETENT French woman wishes work by
the day washing and housecleaning. Address
551 A' Minna st.
WOMAN would like position taking care of
invalid MFtS. WILLISON. 630 Washington.
WANTED— Position by first-class French cook;
speaks English; good ref. 1313 Stockton st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants work by the day;
plain washing, house cleaning. 1331 Tulton.
POSITION wanted as useful maid to lady going
to England or care of children; good traveler;
highest references. MISS LEE, Twenty-
third aye. postofffce. East Oakland.
WANTED— By woman with little girl, general
housework, wages $20, or hotel work; coun-
try greatly preferred. Address or call 645
California st., room 6.
WANTED— Position as governejs or lady's
companion by a well educated woman: music,
French, drawing and painting. Address box
3256. Call office.
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter, goes out by the day; makes
suit In one day. Call 469 Hayes st.
DRESSMAKER desires a few engagements In
private families, or will take work at her
home. Flrst-class cutter and fitter; best ref-
erence. MRS. CHAPMAN, 80S Twenty-sev-
enth st., bet. San Pablo and West, Oakland.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping; no objection to short distance In
country. Call or address 1104 Mission st., r. 10.
GOOD dressmaker wants few more engage-
ments; $1 50 day; references. 112 Taylor st.
EXPERT hand massage treatment for reduc-
ing flesh; guaranteed. MRS. K. L., box 3258
Call office.
SITUATIONS Yl ANTED— MALE.
QUARTZ millmen, miners and mechanics of all
kinds promptly supplied by J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help-
tel. Maine 1:..<7. BRADLEY & C0.,'640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell st.; tel. East- 426.
JAPANESE, Chlnse Employm't Office; choice
help: tel. Grant r, r Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- st.
SITUATION wanted by a young man at gen-
eral work; also handy with tools; objects to
horses. Address J. EULEY, room 37 Oak-
land House, 664^ Howard st.
MAN and wife wish situations; city or coun-
. try: no children: workers: Americans. Call
or address D., 240 Taylor st.
GERMAN, speai.ing English, very handy with
tools, wishes work of any kind; city or coun-
try; best references; moderate wages. liox
8273, Can office.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
SITUATIONS V AJVTED— Continued.
AN Easterner wants sKuatlon as first-class
cook. 952 Mission St.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, with large business ex- !
perience, wishes position as manager, assis-
tant manager or any place of trust, with
view of purchasing interest in same. S. 8.,
box 3324, Call office^
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. liox 3305, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman and machinist.
having S years' experience, wants situation; j
excellent references. Room 7;.. i!O4 Kills St.
MIDDLE-AGED Swede wants light work as j
watchman, nurse, collector or work about !
private place; speaks a few different lan- 1
guages; satisfied with small wages. Address]
care ol Su. d.sh pa.-t.ir, 111 C,len i'ark aye.
MIDDLE-AGED Swede of steady habits would
like work on private place, chicken ranching; j
can run and take care of Alpha or Russian
separator; wages not so much an object. Box
3160. Call office^ __^_________
SITUATION wanted by a carpenter for hotel,
hospital, etc.; is handy with .ill kinds of
tools. CHARLES GLUCKLICH, 680 Natoma.
YOUNG Japanese wants position in this city as
schoolboy. Address F. YAMANAKA. 423 ■
Stevenson st.
WANTED— Situation around place by active!
elderly man; can care for horses; good driver;
can milk and do garden work; references. A.
8., box 5328, Call office.
POSITION wanted as gardener and man about
place; competent with garden work, horses,
poultry; can milk and run gas engine; good
carpenter; California references. Gardener,
box 3339, Call office^
POSITION wanted by a boy 14 years old, Just
from the country; strictly honest; willing to
do anything: temperate. 1727 Eddy St.
WANTED— By experienced man, employment
1 or 2 days a week collecting rents; will fur-
nish rig; reference. Address box 3293. Call.
WANTED— Position as stableman; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; not afraid of
w >rk, or caable of taking charge; long ex-
perience; 5 years last place. Box 3353, Call.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes first-class situ-
ation: posted on all the arts. Address 0.,
box 10, Oakland.
JAPANESE boy wishes situation as plain cook
and housework In family; has city reference.
Box 3354, Call office.
POSITION on ranch as foreman by married
man; good blacksmith, carpenter, harness-
maker; understands fruit and vines; wife
g. md o>ok; references. Room 10. 1119 Mission.
MAN and wife want situations to take care
of gentleman's place; woman first-class
cook ; man good teamster, farmer, under-
stands vineyard and wine cellar and general
work. Address box 3207, Call office.
GERMAN man and wife desire situations In
private family or ranch; both young and
competent; wife good cook; wages $30 for
both. Pacific Employment Co., 765 Market st. j
IRISH young man, stranger in the city; can
do any kind of laboring work; handy with
horses or lunch counter; best recommenda-
tion. Box 3292, Call office.
FIKST-CLASS Chinaman, with wood refer-
ences, desires work at washing and ironing j
or as a cook; separately. Address 6. N., box
3295. Call office
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, wants
situation; city; country; good references.
Call at 615% Dupont st.
FARM and vineyard foreman, married man,
wishes position; best of references. Address
.box 3298, Call office.
JAPANESE wants a position as cook; will do
housework; city or country. F. NAKA, 423 j
Stevenson st.
YOUNG man wishes employment In sausage
factory or pork packing; good experience;
references. Address box 3280, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position In law office
or of lice work: best of references; wages no
object. Address box 3256. Call office.
FLORlST— Situation as salesman and designer
by young man; can give first-class references.
Address B. M., 1757 Howard st.
MAN and wife want situations to work In pri-
vate place: woman a first-class cook and man
understands gardening and milking cows. 728
Chestnut st., Oakland.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG Irishman of steady habltß wants posi-
tion of any kind; good milker and can take
care of horses. 1208 William st.
SITUATION wantr by a steady and sober
man: thoroughly understands the care of !
horses, driving, garden, cows; references;
city or country; moderate wages. Box 3203, !
Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 26c to $1 50 night; $150 to $8
week; convenient -nd respectable; fre« 'bus
and taggage to and from fer y.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
3 RESTAURANT waitresses, $6 a week; walt-
ress, country, $25; 2 arm waitresses, city. $20;
2 chambermaids, assist wait, $15 each, same i
place, near city; hotel laundress. $25; experi- \
em 1 woman to clean and press In a dye- j
house, $10 a week; pastry cook for a hotel,
$35; American girl for a dish pantry in an in-
stitution. $17 &0. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
1 leary st.
DAY" nurse. $13; S German £lrls, $15 to $25; 16 :
young girls for housework. $12 to $20. C. R,
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A COOK, restaurant, $35 to $40; nurse, $25; 2
second girls, $20 and $25; colored maid, $30;
French governess, $30; laundress, $30; 16
young girls, housework, $15 to $30. MISS CUL-
Li:N, ffi Sutter st. j
NEW management, greatly increased business.
prompt service, quick returns. Ladies, 313
Bush st.
A FREE Position— The Ladles' Exchange, 313 :
Bush St.. furnishes working girls with posi- j
ttons free of expense; under new management. ;
A— Business positions for 2 enterprising busi-
ness ladies; $10 weekly each. 313 Bush st.
LADY accountant and office matron; $10 to
$15 weekly; permanent. 313 Bush st.
YOUNG lady cashier and correspondent; select
and refined business. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADY, sodawater counter; 3 salesla-
dies, millinery; office clerk. 313 Bush st.
GIRLS don't have to pay for positions; best
city homes. 313 Bush st.
WHERE all reliable and Intelligent working
girls find places free. 313 Bush st.
WHERE ladles feel at home: the best ap-
pointed and the most comfortably arranged
help headquarters on Pacific Coast. 313 Bush.
HELP found at headquarters not In need of
guardians; Investigate. 313 Bush st.
"ONLY One"— The only strictly first-class
working girls' free office. 313 Bush st.
LADIES to sell my toilet specialties. MRS
BUTLER, room 324, RO6 Market Bt.
WANTED— 2 attractive young women to assist
proprietor at country resort; steady, beneficial j
home; nice large place. p,,, x »)<!. rail office.
WANTED— Woman between 25 and 35 years as
companion and assistant in light housework; I
good home, fair pay for the right party. Call
after 10 a. m. at 116 Taylor st.
GIRL an hour every morning to wash dishes.
Call Tuesday, between 2 and 4, at 2903 Folsom.
WANTED— A woman of good address with
small capital to travel or fill an office. Room
684, Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress; also apprentice on
coats; steady work. Box 3333, Call office.
GIRL for light housework. 3835 Army st., be-
tween Dolores anil Church.
FOREWOMAN on tailor skirts; must be good
fitter and maker; wages $12 to $15 per week
604 Sutter st.
DRESSMAKERS; competent skirt oaken:
none other need apply; good wages. 504 Sut-
ter st.
TAILORESSES; first-claes finishers and but^
ton-hole makers; also operators on coats. 504
Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' capesT
MEYER BROS., 7 and 9 Battery st.
WANTED— Reliable girl for general house-
work and care of children. Apply at 2928
Folsom St., Monday, April 18, bet. 9 and 12.
GIRL to wash dishes; hours 8 to 6; $2 week.
619 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl to help in kitchen; sleep home.
Apply 432 Brannan st.
WANTED — First-class lady finishers on cloaks
and suites. RATNER CLOAK CO. ,933 Market.
GOOD tailoress for custom coats; steady work;
call Sunday, 10 o'clock. 254 Ellis st.
WOMAN under 25; light housekeeping; $8
month; 1 In family. Box 3363, Call office.
WOMEN under 25 years for housework; good
city places; office fees can be paid at end of
first month: references required. 927 Market
St., room 516; hours, 9 to 6.
i'uMK! Come! Come. Be your own dressmaker
and milliner; learn dressmaking and millin-
ery at the largest and best school. The Mc-
Dowell system of dress-cutting received di-
plomas and gold medals in Europe and
America. We thoroughly teach every part of
dressmaking and millinery; easy payments;
patterns out, 25c up; hats and bonnets
trimmed free. All are Invited to the Mc-
Dowell dressmaking and millinery school, 103
Post st.
ANY woman can enrn $1 ?5 to $2 dally mak-
ing artificial flowers; we teach you in one
day and give steady employment; we have
hundreds of workers; distance from us makes
no difference: don't delay but send for par-
ticulars. Address Fairfleld Flower Co.. Fair-
field, Maine.
HELP WANTED— Con tin veil.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
WANTED— Experienced operators to work oq
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory. Gough and- Grove sts.
LADIES earn $S weekly doing needlework at
home: no canvassing; Inclose self-addressed
stamped envelope for reply. STANDARD
NOVELTY CO., 101 Beekman St., New York.
WANTED— Competent girl for children and as-
sist • with light upstairs work, German pre-
ferred; wages $15; references required. 824
Grove st., near Flllmore.
GIRL, take care of children, assist housework.
Cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
GIRL to care for children and assist in house-
work. 221 Dolores St., bet. loth and 18th.
WANTED— German girl for general house-
work. 1508 Ellis st.
COMPETENT German girl: must understand
cooking and housework. 317 Larkin st.
AN operator on pants; also apprentices; paid
while learning. 419 O'Farrell st.
GOOD girl for a cigar store. 25 East St., near
Clay.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Cpen until 9:30
o clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1020 Market
Bt.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The .--...
v\ ant ads and subscriptions taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
READ .
Our advertisements which will appear in to-
morrow's Call.
865 Men :
wanted for all kinds of positions, from $15 to
$75 per month and found. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
If you want first-class help Murray & Ready
will supply you with same free of charge.
We gave seventeen thousand (17,000) men po-
sitions during the year 1597. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.; telephone Main 5843.
BARBER; country institution; $60 to $75 a
month. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook for a restaurant, $60; cook,
country hotel, $50; cook, small hotel, $40;
German dishwasher, hotel, $1S; oysterman
and waiter, $35; watier who can open oys-
ters. $7 a week; waiter, country hotel, $30;
2 waiters, same country hotel, $1:5; yard man,
hotel, $20; porter and runner, country hotel,
$- ". C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 FARMERS, $20 and $15; Italian vegetable
gardener, $22 50 and found; sawyer and planer
for an Oregon sawmill; carriage painter, $2 60
a day; 8 more woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord,
long job; 10 tiemakers, 10c a tie, Santa Cruz
Co. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— for lunchhouse in country,
$45 to $50, fare advanced; waiter, country ho-
tel, $20, fare advanced; boy to learn waiting,
country hotel. $15 per month, fare advanced;
farmers, milkers, coal miners, cooks and oth-
ers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
WANTED— (Sunday) morning, man to
take care of horses and milk, private place,
country, $25; second cook, restaurant, $35;
waiter, $40; cook, chop house, $6 a week.
ANDRE'S, 21G Stockton St.
NOW is the time to secure lucrative situations
with responsible houses. 313 Bush st.
486 CALLS, 6S orders, 40 registrations, 95 sent
to positions; last week's record. Clerks' As-
sociation, 313 Hush st.
GREATEST week on record and orders with
leading business houses to spare; investigate.
Clerks' Association, 313 Bush st.
"FREE service"; employers obtain all classes
of competent help free. 313 Bush ,-t.
NO Sunday opening at the Merchants' and
Clerks' Exchange headquarters, 313 Bush st.
FREE; employers, help those who make ef-
fort to help themselves. 313 Bush st.
DEPARTMENT store; experienced help for all
departments; bring references. 313 Bush st.
95— HIGH-WATER mark; think of it; sent to
leading business houses. 313 Bush st.
68 ORDERS for clerks, salesmen, mechanics, at
the Clerks' Headquarters, 313 Bush st.
BOY wanted: light office work; 15 to 17 years.
Apply to-morrow morning, 330 Market, r. 602.
PRACTICAL tailor for children's juniors. Ap-
ply at 14 Sansome st. , room 51.
SMALL boy to run errands. Apply at 86,
Flood building.
APPRENTICE- on fine coats; must know how
to sew and press. ,9 Geary, room 14.
WANTED— to sell teas and coffees on
commission. 203 Fourth st.
WANTED— Reliable man to assist financially
In promoting a new invention (propeller);
something novel and worth a fortune: liberal
bonus . to right party. For full particulars
address Inventor, box 3327, this office.
EXPERIENCED operator on ladles' tailor
suits: good wages and steady work. At AL-
BERT MUELLER'S, 131 Post St.
SALESMAN or saleswoman for retail crock-
ery; must be first-class; state reference and
wages expected. Box 3332, Call.
SALESMAN for retail grocery; must be first-
class; state reference and wa«es expected.
Box 3331, Call.
GOOD 6trong boy, experienced in carriage
blacksmithlng. 828 Harrison st.
BRIGHT boy to work In manufacturing, estab-
lishment; wages $3 a week. Box 3337, Call.
GOOD presser. Apply to. W. N. SWASEY, 142
Eddy St.. Monday.
MAN cook and dishwasher; call early. 146
Taylor st.
GOOD brick molder. The Baden Brick Com-
pany's yard, at South San Francisco.
$25 PER wpek: a reliable business associate
with small capital : permanent. 313 Bush st.
CROCKERY store clerk; 2 experienced china
packers; driver: box maker. 313 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED stationery salesman; hotel
steward ; baggage and cloak room clerk. 313
Bush st.
FOR rent— 2 rooms for housekeeping In ex-
change for 1 hour dally housework. 721 De-
vlsadero st.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Testa, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO.. room 515, 32S Montgomery. S. F.
GENTS' furnishing man at LUBIN'S, 1016
Market st. Call SUNDAY, from 3 to 5 p. m.
WANTED— Man for steady situation; must
have $150. Box 3503, Call office.
EXPERT oil well driller for standard rig; $5
per day. Address box 3294, Call office.
GARDENER can find work by 'inquiring at
Pacific Nursery, corner Baker and Lombard.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
sppak. read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
, further Information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
COAT, vp»t and trouser makers wanted; good
bushelman also wanted. Apply at 11 a. m. at
Stevenson-st. entrance to CHARLES LY-
ONS', 721 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free emplny-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 102 7th: tel. South 625.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye. tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen at LANE'S. 504
Davis st., near Jackson; also men for whaling
and Alaska: no experience required.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — An ■ experienced city salesman.
BROWNSTONE WINE CO., 331 Ellis Bt.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138 Vi Eighth st.
WANTED — Traveler for gent's furnishing
gonds as side line. Box 3141, Call.
MONEY loaned on watches', diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ.
630 Market st.
WANTED— At Montana House. "64V4 Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, : 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE ronis, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
. week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers ' and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
. for a room; 26c a night; $1 a week..
500 PAIR nf men's new and. second-hand shoes
: half price; half-sollng. 35c 959 Howard st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch ' office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted for every county in Califor-
nia, Oregon and Washington: quick sales and
large profits on an article used in every house
as often as needle and thread; only small
capital required to handle it. F. M. C, box
3170, Call office.
AGENTS wanted— City and Oakland, to sell
best low-priced practicable typewriter on
market; rapid seller; bIK commissions; no
capital. 331 Pine st., room S.
AGENTS to sell our odorless frying pans, self-
basting roasting pans and safety kettles. E.
C. SKINNER & BRO., Albany. N. Y.
INTELLIGENT agents make good pay selling
Wels patent binders, for binding magazines,
music, etc.; very liberal commissions. The
Wels Bin.ier Co., 24 Jackson st.. Toledo. O.
FREE sample bicycle to agents In each local-
ity; exclusive territory; guaranteed grades;
$15 up. BAKER SAFE CO., Chicago, 111., De-
partment S.
PARTNERS WAITED.
PARTNER wanted with small capital in stock
yard business. Box 3320, Call office.
LADY partner wanted with $2000 for a good
business, with a middle-aged German man.
Address box 3319, Call <>mcc.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— Crockery, furniture, oil paintings
and all kinds of goods to auction. Address
THORNDIKE & HOOSON, General Auction-
eers, Haywards, Cal.
WANTED— Partner for' the Alaska gold fields.
Please send address to box 3340, Call office.
LADY partner in large dressmaking establish-
ment. 207 Taylor st.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 13 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davla TL
HOUSES WANTED.
FURNISHED house; family of 6; no small
children; references given. Apply at 774 Clay-
ton st.
WANTED— In Alameda, modern cottage by re-
sponsible parties for 1 or more years; lont
reasonable. Box 3308. Call office.
BOUIS WANTED.
YOUNG man wants room In private French
family. Box 3360, Call office.
WANTED— By quiet tenant, two unfurnished
or partly furnished rooms, connected for
light housekeeping; convenient to business.
Address, stating location and price, box 3253,
Call office.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS WANTED.
3 OR 4 rooms furnished for housekeeping: cen-
trally located; rent and location. Box 3307,
Call "office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG lady wants south room; quiet private
family; within 8 blocks Union square; refer-
ences. Box 3334, Call.
GUITARIST will give lessons for two unfur-
nished rooms; north Market. Box 3341, Call.
LADY will give music and elocution in ex-
change for room and board. Box 3168, Call.
WANTED — In strictly private family, room
and board for a young lady; state price. Ad-
dress J., 1145 Mission St.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— CIGAR, stationery or notion store:
cheap for cash; state price and location. Ad-
dress box 3309, Call office.
WANTED- -Two energetic, hustling traveling
salesmen; references required. Address box
8801, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off !
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
TO all points on the Yukon— First-class pass-
age. Including 1000 pounds of freight and 150
pounds baggage, $2SO; freight, 5 cents per
pound for lots of 5 tons or more. St. Michaels
and Yukon Despatch Line, 29 second floor.
Mills building.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, pi. bers and j
f. od men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Mlcm-I. Acply The
Gold Star Co.. Mills building. San Fran.
GENUINE arctic lur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant ots.
LODGINv. lIOUSI2S FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO., successful broke™, 22^4
Geary st.
110 rooms; safe investment; clears $250.. 54500
80 rooms; rent $76; clears $IT.O 12*10
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
17 rooms; first floor pays rent 650
16 rooms; Market; central: all full 700
10 rooms; Larkln; corner; snap 275
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 325
7 rooms; Market: offices pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A—s3oo:A — $300: 9 rooms: transient; clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO.. 22Vi Geary.
FOR most desirable houses and best bargains,
call on KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
W I N STON & CO.. 646 MARKET ST.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms. Sutter St.; offices, payments $450
20 rooms, corner, new, part cash 1200
25 rooms, rent $75. new, part cash 800
24 rooms, rent $60, corner, offices 1200
26 rooms, worth $4000, must go at 1500
25 rooms, rent $55, fine place, only 450
33 rooms, rent $100, part cash 1000
34 rooms, corner, rent $125, make offer
must go
67 rooms, rent $220, elegant place 3000
46 ROOMS: sunny corner $1500
50-room house for ranch 3500
17 rooms; dears $100 month; part cash..
10-room flat: sunny corner 225
14-room house; fine corner 1000
20-room house; clears $150; must sell 1250
10-room "house; new and good; Ellis St.. 850
60 rooms; rent $65: clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$900 — BEST 14-room transient house In city;
clears $175 month. Address box 303. Call.
LODGING house of 16 rooms, well furnished
and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
MUST be sold immediately; 27-room good room-
ing-house; bargain. Inquire at 112 Taylor St.
FOR Sale— 23 rooms, well furnished; steady
roomers: rent reasonable. 110 Hyde st.
MISli U, INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$S per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to pleasa and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM NEW NUMBER
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled in San Francisco
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet and Helene
Mora, at the Orpheum, prefer the Crown
piano. So will you if you call and see them
at HOCKETT BROS. A CO., 21S Post St.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a Chlckorlng for
$90; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
SOHMFR * CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent pian;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post St.
WANTED— For cash. S. stylo 3, or T, style 4.
Stelnway. or style X or R, Knabe. Address
box 3356, Call office.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernia Bank. 3CHMITZ.
BEAUTIFUL Stelnway; must be sold; a sacri-
fice. 809 Market St., room 12.
$6 .OO— UPRIGHT, nearly new; party needs cash.
Call S to 12, 584 A Natoma st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1
Z. MAUVAIS Ml ' Sic CO., 763 Market st
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
apply on snlo. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, planns: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles
KOHLER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
~~ furniture fou "sale.
FURNITURE for flaY~oT 6 "comfortabljr~fur^
nlshed rooms; cheap. 196 Shipley st., cor. sth.
FURNITURE and carpets for sale. Apply at
1421 Clay st.
106 ELEVENTH-Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
BCSnf ESS PERSONALS. ____
ELECTRIC lights and other alterations have
greatly improved my parlors; hair dressing.
25c; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
$3 50: extra heavy, long. $5: open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LADIES may select from 2 dozen fancy waists
and costumes, latest styles, when having
photo taken at HOLLERS, S Sixth; also
children's dresses; free; mlnettes, 50c per doz.
TO clean head and hair, to promote growth;
free Instructions Monday and Tuesday. Room
584, Parrott building.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stimulates a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MME. JAY, palmist. Room 11.36^ Geary aC
PRIVATE home in confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR.
FUN KB, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
LADIES, my monthly regulator never falls;
trial, 10c. MRS. ROWAN, Milwaukee. Wis.
NO-VINO. Dr. Terhune's infallible cure for
drunkenness; given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless. Inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure; all druggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co.. Dept. A, Grand Rapids.
Mich. |
UAO carpets wove to order and for sale: also :
chenllle-wove rugs. Bilk portieres: dealer In \
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WANTED— IOO persons to try the painless re-
moval of corns and bunions without the knife.
Call at room 584. Parrott building.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant
avenue.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 670 33d st., Oakland, Cal.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 M pc- night: $1 50 to $C per week:
free bUB and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 535 Clay Bt.. 8. F.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth
DRESSM/.KERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy »t., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
CL AIR V O V ANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will teveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market at., opp. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE. 833 Howard st.— The
wonderful trance medium can be consulted
on all the affairs of life; can read your
thoughts; tell just what you want to know;
removes evil Influence; locates burled treas-
ures; if In bad luck she will change It for
you; letters promptly answered; enclose
stamp. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c,
gents SI; palm, andclalrv. ; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader and psychome-
trist; articles read, 25c up. 424 Tehama st.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 41 Minna St.;
basement.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MISS ANNA SCHULTZ— Palmistry and card-
reading. 203 O'Farrell, room 10.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120M> Geary st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L., 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First m ncr pro-
fession: never falls: advice: lelp. 92!> Post.
SPIRIVUALISfe.
MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings $1: clr. Tues., Frl.. 2 p. m. ; Sat.. 8; 25c.
MRS. STEWART, medium; sittings dally. 402
Van Ness aye.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.: old No. 21S.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123^ Sixth st., room 14.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Haight St.
HYPNOTISM-
CAL. Institute, 402^ Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
S. I". College of Suggestive Therapeutics, 247
Larkin St.; physicians, dentists; special Iri-
ducetnents this week. L. F. TI'RMAN. Sec.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR Sale — $5 up: good second-hand sewing
machines: bargains In new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1860 Market st.
STOCK Jewelry, watches, clocks and fine reg-
ulator for sale; all new; half price for cash.
KLONDIKE, box 3336. Call office.
FOR sale — Lady's Steams' wheel; In good con-
dition. Apply 221S Webster St., before 9 a.
m., nfteT 6:30 p. m.
CHOICE German pansles 25c per dozen. Nur-
sery at 850 Bryant st.
FOR Sale— Pug pup, 9 months old; cheap. 459
Minna St., near Sixth.
FOR sale— A fine-toned square piano. Apply
1210 Valencia st.
SPRING wagon for grocer or peddler. 2325
Post st., near Broderlck.
hii;h grade mil nickel ladle*' Columbia bi-
cycle, good as new, cheap. 910 Pine st.
FINE river steamboat, suitable for Yukon.
240 Montgomery St., room 14.
2 FRESH cows for sale. 115 Vicksburg st.
GAS stove 4 feet high and square, cheap. In-
quire meat market, 576 Howard st.
$55— Upright piano; good condition: $6 down. $3
per month. S. F. MI'SIC CO., 225 Sutter.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUP-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap. 1 large vault in Calvary Cemetery
Box 3163, Call office. *
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co.. 627
Mission st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery! Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters. linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above aixth.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects, X Flbod Sulldlng.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
Pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J K n n^r OOU house -m n ver. dealer second-hand
_ t.ml.lins: material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So 71.7.7 1 .7.
SAFES— New nnd second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES-Bargalns In new and secn^dOiand : all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S F.
GRAPHOPHONEB, $10: Reeords,~ss per dox.;
frojertoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill scale, hand-truck, letter-press.
5^ sk _ and sire cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The"Call; |
subscriptions and ads taken. j
CARrE'. CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet eanlng Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpet- G H STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted vlth poor work
send to SPAULDINQ'S Pioneer Carpet-
_ I eating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J.
_McQUEEN, 453 Mevenson St.; tel. S. 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat- j
Ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STHATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern .."am Carpet - ('leaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Bt. ; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gat^ aye. : tel. East 126.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; aub-
aciipUons and want ada taken.
BU-iNECJ CHANCES.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22*_
Geary' st - Miscellaneous business chances.
$4i>"i— Grocery and bar; fine cor.; living rms.
$400 — Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$200— Stationery, books, school supplies; near
$325— Combination store; grocery, restaurant,
furnished fiat.
jsoo_Stationery. books. Call and laundry
office.
$;,00— 200 masquerade & theatrical costumes.
Jlooo— Roller quartz mill; earns $40 daily.
$2000— Florist and nursery; 2 acres under
$3000— Book bindery; best equipped on coast.
14300— Steam laundry. plantTfnd buildings.
57'"— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$200— Cor. saloon; value in stock; daily re-
ceipts $15; a snap. KREDO >*
TO find Just what you are looking for call on
KREDO & CO.. 22% Peary __ .
$800— PARTNER wanted In blacksmith shop;
building, horse and wagon included, r
$6c>o per month; ground rent $10; good, steady-
man can cltar $100 per month; references ex-
changed. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$SO(V-CORNER grocery and bar. best part Mis-
sion; rent $23; more than full value in sight;
best class cash trade; must be seen to be
appreciated; great bargain. M. i.i-.ss, ioo
Market st. ___
X— IBOO— CORNER" grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners
$■>!»,_ Part ncr wanted: commission business.
$3(0— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., <<< Market.
$1000— BOARD and lodging house In Alameda.
doing good paying business; thi3 is a heal my
location and well patronized; satisfactory
reason for selling. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23
Kearny st.
$100 to $5000— A chance for women who are will-
ing to work to earn at a small outlay a good
living; It Is not often that a woman who la
anxious to make her own way in the worl<l
meets with an opportuity equal to this. I ar-
tlculars Pacific Bus. Exchange, 995 Market.
$600— STATIONERY and cigar store; splendid
location; north of Market; a bargain. Pacitlo
Exchange, 995 Market st. _
I, THE undersigned assignee, offers for sale a
French liquor store at 1535 Devisadero St..
near Post, consisting of a fine stock of wines
liquors, cigars and fixtures, for the benefit or
the creditors; can be seen until Tuesday,
April 19, from 2 to 6 p. m. C. PETEUS.
Assignee.
BOOK and stationery business in prominent lo«
cation down town; established 25 years; pays
good returns; buyer will be taught the busi-
ness. Address box 3323. Call office.
WANTED— A good reliable man that has $s<>o
to invest in one of the best-paying propo-
sitions in this city: the best of references.
Address box 3326, Call office.
IN San Rafael; new store to let; best part of
city well adapted for fruit and vegetables;
next to butcher shop. Apply S. HERZOG
& CO., San Rafael.
IF you have anything to sell or exchange it
wfll be to your interest to see us; money al-
ways on hand. Address M. E. DOUGAN &
CO., 230 Kearny st.
$12'»>— IMPROVED placer and quarU mine;
quartz treated free; free water for placer;
satisfactory reasons for selling. Address box
3288, Call office.
PARTNER wanted with $500 or more capital
to invest in cosmetic business: chance of a
lifetime. Address Dermatologist, box 3, Call
office, Oakland.
FINE stationery, cigar, laundry, periodicals,
branch bakery and notion store for sale: old
established. Box 18, branch office Call, 106
Eleventh st.
WANTED— A business man with $250 to $500 in
a light manufacturing business; this is a
gilt-edge proposition. Address box 3325, Call.
ROADHOUSE with 5 rooms, situated on prin-
cipal thoroughfare, 3ft minutes from the heart
of city. Inquire at 1201 Polk St., cor. Sutter.
A— COAL, wood, hay and grain business for
sale on account of owner's departure from
city; price reasonable. Address box 3344, Crili.
PAYING saloon in North Beach district: sell-
ing on account of sickness. WICHMAN,
LUTGEN & CO., 31S Clay st.
$75 WILL buy stock and fixtures of saloon and
lunch house; present owner going to Mare
Island. 619 Merchant st.
I^o0 — BICYCLE and electrical business; estab-
lished 4 years; good income. E. M., Gallndo
Hotel, Oakland.
WHAT have you to trade for half of factory
and machinery, value $500? Address box 334",
Call office.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established: rent reasonable. 2622 Mission Ft.
CORNER grocery' and bar for sale; reasonable;
and 4 living rooms. Apply 2i:»Vi Eleventh st.
FOR sale— Fine restaurant: near transfer line;
cheap. Inquire at 753 Market st.. basement.
LAUNDRY route; horse, wagon; gre.it Bargain.
ISI9 Greenwich St.; call after 5 o'clock
INTEREST In a good paying beer bottling
company. Inquire at 1529 Mission st.
OLD established saloon cheap on account of
ether business. Apply Call office.
PARTY going East must sell $400 up for $165.
Room 25, 1021 Van Ness aye.
CIGAR, laundry, news stand at a bargain; In
Hayes Valley. 51$ Hayes st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished IS years; $25 to $30 a week each; can
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms In the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. 9 Geary st.,
room 2.
$150 invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise; control capital your-
self. D.Sloane. 110 St. Paul St., Baltimore.Md.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to in-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to
their Interest to write for particulars to
R, W. SWEET, Kirkwood, Cal.
fSOOO— A PROTKSTANT gentleman as partner
wanted in an established legitimate business,
by reason of enlarging the same; experience
not necessary. Box 3304, Call office.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Regist'd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St., city.
NOTION, stationery' and cigar store for sale
cheap; $50. 155 Eleventh Bt.
BRANCH BAKEnY and notions, milk, butter,
eggs, etc. 1145 Frlsom st; $45.
$250 BUYS controlling interest in cigar store
on Kearny st. Boa 3289, ("all office.
$650— BUY restaurant and chop-house; best lo-
cation. Call at IS East st.
$400— BAKERY for sale; store trade $10 to $12
day; good outside route; bakes 2'» barreia
day; a good bargain; no opposition; owner
wants to leave city. Box 32M. Call Offi
FIRST-CLASS grocery, doing large cash busi-
ness; No.l location; no bar: good reasons for
selling. Inquire WELLMAN. PECK S
WANTED— Two men to complete Alaskan
party; references required. 1523 Eighth aye ,
East Oakland.
RESTAURANT; must be sold for less than
value of fixtures. Inquire at 5H Howard st.
ESTABLISHEI rner grocery and bar. with
fixtures, $25. Apply HI hernia Brewery.
$200—130 ACRE ranch for sale; house, barn. etc.
Bee ARMSTRONG. 33.'. Fourth st.
$40— BRANCH" bakery, milk, butter, eggs and
notions. BARRETT. i::" Market at.
GOOD paying restaurant. 121-623 Montgomery.
A RARE OIT' iRTI'MTV
Odd Fellows' Library, Seventh and Market
■ta for sale. This library is now often
sale by the board of trustees; it contains a
choice collection of all kinds of literary and
scientific works. The library is now open for
the sale and Inspection of books from 9 a. m.
until 9 p. m.
M" \'ICO.
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.: large and small tracts. Fur further in-
formation apply to M-?x. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Pol. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico.
ASKHI.M saloon is now for sale; thirteen years
established; proprietor going north; fine cot-
tage 4 rooms; hot and cold water: ground
lease 3 years and 5 months; come and sec for
yourself: Wth and Folsom. WM. l-oI.KY.
FOR Sale — At less than Invoice; cigar and va-
riety store; 3 nice rooms; low rent. 527 Sec-
ond st.. .>p P . South Park.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant in San Jose;
fine location; must be sold. Address S., care
of Call agency. San Jos.
HALF or whole Interest In butcher shop; do-
Ing good cash business; centrally located:
well fitted up. D.. box 2, Call Office, Oakland
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
FOR sale— Bakery aril m tiona; living rooms;
next to school. 375 Sanchez st.
CHEAP saloon near the water front. Apply
WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 318 Clay st.
SALOON for sale account of sickness; call and
see owner. 22S Brannan.
FOR sale at a bargain -The "'Office Saloon,"
corner City Hall avenue and City Hall
square. Inquire at saloon. CHAB. FOWLEK.
SHOEMAKER'S shop; must sell account of
slcknesa. Apply 682 Valencia si., in bakery.
C^TEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
FOR sale — Icecream, candy and notion store.
337 Sixth St.; no agents.
SEWING MACHINES"
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, boughtT~sold~:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
i repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.J CITY -EAL ESTATE.
G\ H. UMBSEN & CO.,
; KKAL ESTATE AGENTS.
; . 14 Montgomery st. |
FILLMORE-ST. CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
"81100—27:6x110; on line of electric road; good i
location tor teveral small flats; this is a snap. i
HMOND— GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2000— K« nts $li>2 per annum; 2 flats' of 4 rooms i
and bath each; 15x120.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$2000—2 fiats anJ lot, near Powell and raclfic !
sutjeis.
VERY CHEAP RESIDENCE ON DOLORES
LEET.
$2500— Very low, on account of foreclosure of
mortgage; nice 2-story bay-window residence of i
7 rooms and bath. u.M».:r.t. etc.; this is a
pick-up; Dolores *1.. the Van Ness aye. of the i
Mission.
COZY WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$2:00 — Post St.; nice iozy bay-window i .>ttage j
of r> rooms anJ bath; brick f undatlon, etc.;
stone sidewalks; street accepted; nice location;
we will sell this on • asy terms.
OWNER GOING TO EUROPE.
$3075—3 flats; rt-Ms 823 per month; 25x115; |
Henry st.. near Market and Fifteenth.
RESIDENCE AT A BARGAIN.
$350! V— Substantial 2-story bay-window house !
of 7 rooms and bath; very nice location; Vallejo
st. ;-25xluD:S.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$4500 — 3 cottages of 6, ■i and 4 rooms and bath
each, bringing in $3j per nonth; 50xSS:S; buy ;
this, occupy one and collect rent from the ;
others; a good location in the Western Addi-
tion.
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$4500 — 2-story bay-window house of 5 rooms
and bath and high basement.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$5000— Nice bay-window residence of 7 rooms
and bath, laundry, etc.; brick foundation; com-
mands unobstructed marine views.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT CHEAP.
$51;>0— Rents $552 per annum; 2 flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each and house of 3 rooms; 30x
114; Scott st.
A GOOD LOT FOR FLATS.
$5500— A very finely situated lot. 65:4^x100; ;
Broderick 6t. ; sunny, good location for 4 or 6
elegant flats.
A GOOD BUY.
$6000— Two 2-story houses; could be converted
Into flats at very little expense; 50x112:6; Bush
Bt. ; in a good renting locality.
AN ELEGANT CORNER RESIDENCE.
$7000 — Offered very cheap on account of threat-
ened foreclosure of mortgage; an elegant nearly
new 2-story, attic and basement residence of 16
rooms and bath, etc., etc.
ELEGANT MANSION NEAR THE PARK.
$9500— Eastlake house of 17 rooms and bath,
with lovely grounds; 50x137:6.
OWNER LEAVING FOR EUROPE.
$13.500 — An elegant mansion of 17 rooms, two
baths, etc.; modern In every particular; must
be seen to be appreciated: a choice part of the
Western Addition; 27:6x120; 2 frontages.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$14.500— Pine st. and rear street; 5 modern flats
Bid 2 houses; rents $1476 per annum; 50x127:6;
both streets accepted.
Call end obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records." which contains a list of properties
Tor ■ale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS.
IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
NEAR PARK PANHANDLE.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
— VaWjo St., near Devisadero: 34:4 x
127:5; grand marine view; a beautiful lot.-
-Washington st., near Spruce; 20x100.
$2000— North Clay st., near Spruce; 25x127
$2300— Green st., near Scott; 27xL27.
$1400— Twenty-fourth st., near Vlcksburg;
15x85.
$1200— Vallejo st., near Broderick; 25x137:6. :
$1500—55x114; Twenty-fifth St., near Noe.
$I*7s— Fourteenth st., near Noe: 26x115.
$2500—82:6x100: southwest corner of Eighth |
aye., near Park.
WILL DI'ILD! WILL BUILD! '.
w. will build to suit purchaser oo any of .
the ab'-'ve lots on very fasy terms."
McAFEE BROTHERS.
105 Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
RENT PAYERS—
You can have either $15 per month or $20 per i
montn. Yoj can pay for a home with your
rent money and save that much. We have j
2 new modern homes of 4 and ti room» each. |
beautifully located In the Heyman Tract. We i
propose to allow you for the same money you |
are now iwing away in n-rts, to come into
possession of one of these 2 handsome homes.
We want to Impress you with this fact: Pay-
ing for homes In this way. they really cost
you nothing— you simply pay out your usual
rent money to your own future benefit. These ;
2 homes can be reached by taking Twenty- .'
pecond-st. cars to Hoffman aye. Ask for
MR. JAMES COTTER, resident agent, who
will show you th.? homes. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 Montgomery st.
ONE block of fine level land; 1 block from :
electric road: suitable f<»r chicken ranch or
dairy: at a bargain; $10 monthly. JACOB
_HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
J6:6x100-CORNER Noe and Twenty-third; fine
"■"■•■ all street work done: easy payments.
JACOB HEYMAN. li Montgomery st.
$50 AND upward-Building lots In all parts of '
V\ c^U V t : , c!ose l 0 car lines monthly.
.p. ; JACOB HEYMAX, ll Montgomery st.
8100— LOTS in Sunset District on" $5 monthly
ments. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
L'omery M.
$50 DOWN' and {13 35 monthly will buy a new
four-room and bath cottage, with level lot
convenient to cars: good nei hborhood; five
already sold. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 • Mont-
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
slte Nevada Bank, win sell at:
Rent 880; 4 flats on Geary st. ; lot 28x
$6150— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st
$25,00C-Market st. ; lot 25x125. with a 3-story
house, store and lodging.
$25,500— A very prominent corner lot. 65x100-
■well Improved. '
$3500— A fine corner lot for grocery and dwell- '
ing on Golden Gate aye. ; £oxloo.
$1000 cash, balance on mortgage, will buy a ;
lot 2?xlPO, with a 2-story house and stable 3
blocks from new City Hall.
$4250 for a splendid house and lot 25x110- !
Golden Gate Park, near Baker st. '
$14.0u0 will buy 3 fine houses and lot 55x13,'i!
on a very pi imlnent street.
$16.000— A splendid nearly new apartment i
renting at Tl6O per month.
$2400 for .a double flat of 5 and 6 rooms; rent '
$25.
$14,500 will buy a McAlllster-st. property; i I
stores and 2 flats; 3 blocks fr\>m Ci'y Hhll
$30,000 will buy a. business nr .pertf'thn. rents '
at $260.
UNIMt»HOVE"I>.
Two lots, 33x100 each, n«ar Twenty-fourth rt.
and Potrero aye., at a Ir.v prtoe.
$3100— Fine corner lot on t'lUmo:* st.
$SoO— Noe Bt., near Thlr-'ieth" lut W 5x75.
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON.
412 Pine st.. near Montgomery.
Bargains.
$10, Pacific Heights; elegant view; good
lot; 27:6x137:6; fine sunny residence of 12 I
rooms and bath; cement bulkhead and foun- <
dations; bay-windows and street accepted.
$2500— Valparaiso St.. near Taylor; 2 modern
flats of E and G rooms and bath; rents $30.
Douglass st.. near 21st: lot 50x130.
$600 each— Lots on 21st aye.. near Clement st.
82750— Laguna St.. near Pine;. fine lot.
Cheap lots on Ist aye. boulevard, 3d aye.,
21st aye.. 16th aye.. Clement St., etc., or will
liulld houses to suit on easy terms.
G IVEN away; 100x125; N. side Minerva. 280 i
W. of Capitol, Railroad Homestead Ass'n.
$250—100x120; NE. cor. Harvard and Burrows; i
block 102. University Mound Tract.
$2<5— 100x120; cor. Bacon and lon sts., Unl-
versity Mound Tract.
$160-2£x7o; W. Fide. Anderson, 75 N. of Lin- I
coin. Bemal Heights.
$35-25x120; W. side College, 175 S. of Way- :
land, university Mound Tract.
CHAS. C. FISHER. 624 Market St.
WE d<-n't advertise much nowadays, but those i
f^mall homes on easy rental terms keep on I
selling just the fame. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market St.
$6.')fio— SPLENDID modern 10-room residence-
i ream T > Presldio "eights: bargain. FLINN.
•■:BAUM & CO.. 233 Montgomery nt.
NEARLY completed— 6 modern 2-story houses-
A,™ rln ,2 / lew; c and s rooms; .3500 and
:3K0O: lot 27:6x110; ra.sh or Installments; SW.
corner avenworUl and Chestnut Ets.
$1400— COZY cottaee, 4 rooms, earden. chicken
house; lot 50x120; near station and " elecu'c
rar»; Inspect U>i aUernoon - 232 Sadowa It.,
■ <P View. ' i
$2100-BARGAIN; cottage of 5 rooms and bath : '
modern Improvements; on car line 37^ '■
Twenty-third Bt.. near Chattanooga, E E
AUBRY & CO.. 2245 Mission st. t "
$1200— NEW house of 4 rooms and bath- IoT
25x125: 14-foot cellar: brick foundation'- on .
Douglass Bt. SPECK. 602 Market st.
$2675-2 COTTAGES. S roo'iiTs andTttlc; easy
terms; Liberty St.. near Castro; open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON. Builder.
$2700— MUST be cold; lot 25x100. on Halght at."
near Market; worth 8*500; part ca*h Ad"
di-esß It., box 114, caJ] office. Ad
CITY UE I. ESTATE.
MADISON Si BURKE, Real Estate Agents;
established 1838; 626 Market st.
Several business investments, from $40,000 to j
' $60,000, in downtown property; call at office
iur particulars. "*'■','/■- '»
McAllister st.. near Fillmore; two
large fiats ; paying good income; lot, 25x100.
$3200— Rents $540; Rausch St., near Seventh i
and Howard; 25x112.
Washington St., near Webster; 9
rooms and bath; lot 2SxI2S.
Must be sold; two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
Three flats. Inside of I.arkin St.. nr. Geary: I
new; latest Improvements; good-size lot: cen- !
trally located; rents $110 per month, paying
over S per cent net; price $12,500.
$1000— Fifth st.. r.ear Harrison; 25x100 to rear !
street; two bouses.
$4500 — Bush Et., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms ;
and bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary st., corner Broderick; elegant corner
store and tlats; paying good income; lot
i:.'.xi i
$3;oo— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
near Third; lot 25xS0.
$2500— Shipley St., near Fourth; large house; j
lot 25x75.
$1400— Cottage and let: Duncan St., near ;
Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
$1900— Merritt st., near Market; 4 rooms and |
bath; lot 25x50:3.
$4000— Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Halght and Octavia sts., one
block off Market: 37:6x100; offered low; one-
half purchase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only 82250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
37:6x78:11; elegant location for flats; $2500.
Corner Lombard and Octavia: 46:6x100.
82750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$1750— Union, near Webster; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
5100O— 7th aye., near J; 25x1-0.
$1000— York St., near 22d ; lot 25x100.
8900— California Bt., nr. 12th ava.; 25x100.
$Soo— Valparaiso, nr. Filbert & Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
YON RHEIN & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers,
636 Market st.
IMPROVED.
$12,000— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6; with house.
$40, 000— Market and Page; 55x120 to Rose aye.
{10,500— Cor. Dupont and Francisco: 45:10x63:8.
$15,000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin- '
den aye.
Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats. 13 rooms; rent $57.
86250— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
Jr.so0 — Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100.
85500— Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$30<>3- i Howard. nr. 30th: 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$5000— Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage; 6
rooms and bath.
$450')— Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms and bath; marine view.
$4200— Shot well, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$4000— nr. York; 50x104.
{4000 — Mason, nr. Green; 30x69; 3-story house;
11 rooms and bath.
$1400 — Valparaiso, nr. Mason: 23x60; improved.
■$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25xM:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
Etable.
$SoO— Sal-gent St., nr. old San Jose road; 50x
100; cottage.
UNIMPROVED.
$2500— Steiner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
$140.1 — Filbert, nr. Varennes: 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125.
$600O— Union, nr. Webster: 87:6x77:6.
$4500— nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp: 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
25x55; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th: 4 lots.
$1100 — Lombard and Pierce; 22:llx:"\
$Sso— Lot in block B. Park Lane Tract.
$600— Plymouth, nr. Montana: 50x100.
22:11x90: Lombard, nr. Pierce; 5 lots.
23x137:6; Pierce, nr. Lombard; 2 lots.
Ashbury and ISth; 3 lots. 25x95 each.
$500— Eighth aye., nr. L St., S. S. F.; 120x100.
FOR sale — $5500; park homes. Just completed:
substantial, handsome, up-to-date: now open
for inspection: parlor, s.ttlng-room, dining-
room, kitchen, 3 bedrooms. 2 attic-rooms, etc.;
lot 25x137; north side Frederick St., near Stan- i
yan. J. STIERLEN. Builder, on premises. j
MILL VALLEY: for sale, house, furnished or !
unfurnished. Apply at 526 Turk st.
FOR sale— First-class real estate business; ■
central, down-town location. H. 8., boa 31C9,
Call office. .
$600— 14 LOTS on boulevard, south of park; a
snap. R. box 114, Call office.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR.
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains! Easiest Terms!
5100. $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mlsslon-Et. electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400. $450 to $S5O; graded officially; superb i
view; $20 down ar.d $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400, $4M) to $800; choicest building lots;
streetp graded and sewered: $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800: choice, almost new, cottage In ]
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments. j
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
The bept-sltuated spot In the city for
homes: right on a car line: corner Castro and j
Twentieth Fts. ; only 4 out of 28 houses re- '
maining unsold; 1 large 6-room house, $3600, j
highly decorated, street accepted: 1 S-room ',
cottage, $2S00; 1 6-room cottage, $2400, and 1
4-room cottage, $2250. F. NELSON, owner
and builder.
C. C. BEMIS.
REAL ESTATE. AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
Jsooo— O*od corner for store; must be sold;
lot E2:4XfiO feet.
$6700— C0x127:1 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the PreEldlo and bay.
-vara on Page st ; panhandle or park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
•t. : 109x95 feet.
ONE block and a half of land for sale near
Cnlma: suitable for milk ranch. Inquire at
6CB Sixth st.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris. "Phone Brown 323.
$650 AND up will build 4-room cottages: will
call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 621 X
?t.. Punset District. .
AIONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate;
?d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehousa.
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 2.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
r*rr.oval; no commissions: .no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mlnslon. above Sixth;
tel South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
j pianos, furnlturf or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUOAN & CO.. 230 Kearny Et- upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lo vest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94« Market st: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNKLLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY sum on estates in probate; real ostate.
HILL & CO., 14 McAllister st. room 64.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount-
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commls. : low Interest Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgage*, estates In pro-
bate. etc. Room 7, f,OS California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: l«t and 2d mortsTT
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any mm: l«t and 2d mort-
gages, estates, eta MURPHY, 62S Market *t.
ON pianos, furniture; no .removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Pubifrlr'tlnn* nrid rnnt nd» taken.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $20«> on mortgage: 8- per cent: im-
proved Income-bearing city property. Box
3166. Cnll office. ■ .
$3000 PRIVATE loan wanted: reasonable rate
on Income business property. Box 3263. Call.
VI4AXCIAX. ~
LOANS, on- real estate, ■ bonds, rtc. :' lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St.;
rAAVNBIIOKKItS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
%1» LAKKlN— Branch ollice of the Call, but>-
tcrlDtions and want - ads .taken. j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APTCTL 17, ISOB.
CITY REAL ESTATK.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, ; -
Real Estate Agents.
HANDSOME COTTAGE.
$3000— Terms same as rent; Second aye., bet. |
California and Clement t-ts.; contains C ; rooms !
and bath; porcelain bathtub, etc. lot 25x120.
$11,000— Sacramento st., sunny side; lot 50x125; I
near Scott st. ; improvements, handsome 2-story i
residence, modern and complete, containing 9
rooms, bath, etc.
$4500— Rent $44; near Fourth St.; 5 flats; front j
and rear building; a good interest-paying prop-
erty: an offer wanted.
$SOO CASH.
Balance same as rent.
$2450— Worth $3000; almost new cottage. 5 !
rooms and all latest conveniences; porcelain !
bath; up-to-date plumbing, ttc; close to Castro !
and Nineteenth sts.
HANDSOME NEW , FLATS.
Pays over 12 per cent.
$62*0— Reduced from $7000; Hayes St., within
walking distance of town; contain 6 and 7
I rooms; all, latest conveniences; lot 25x137:6.
— New modern residence: best residence j
section (north of California St.); containing 12 j
rooms and all tae latest improvements; 2 large i
lots.
■ :-: k --:-^' : — — « :■:..->
$100 a front Choice park frontages: Stan-
ya.n st., bet. Frederick and Waller; street to be
accepted at seller's cost.
$10,000— Lombard St., bet. Jones and Leaven-
worth; magnificent marine view; comfortable
house of 12 large rooms and bath, expensively
built; lot 65:»x137:6; beautiful grounds.
$2750 — Foreclosure sale; Bryant St.. near
Fourth: 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
this Is a snap; call at once for. particulars.
$3000— Rent $31; 2 flats of 5 rooms each, and
also rear house of 3 rooms; lot 25x75; good rent-
ing locality.
$11,000 — An offer wanted; handsome new mod-
ern residence of 14 rooms and all modern con-
veniences; Gough-st. corner, convenient to Pa- j
clflc-ave. cars.
A SNAP. .
$3500— Rent $50; Natoma st., not far from
Sixth; lot 25x75; Improvements consist of 3-
story building containing flats.
— Very handsome modern flats, 5 and 6
rooms; Frederick St., near Ashbury; large lot;
rent $55.
$2700— St.. bet. Third and Fourth; 2-
story building; flats. 4 and 6 rooms; rent $25;
lot 25x55; improvements in good condition; only
$600 cash required, balance can be paid out of
the rents.
$2250— St.; bargain; bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: rent $22; 2 flats, 4 rooms each; lot has 2
frontages; call at once; a snap.
$7500— Business property: pays a high rate of
interest; large corner lot; splendid new im-
provements: good business location in best part
of the Mission; a snap.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
AUCTION. '. r
REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND.
SATURDAY.
APRIL 23D.
2 o'clock. Salesrooms.
EIGHTH AND riROADWAY.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
COU.VrKV UEAL ESTATE.
E^STONT^L^RIDGE*~&^on
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
63S Market St., San Francisco.
We make a specialty of handling choice villa
sites, country residences, mountain homes and
, small farms, lying between San Francisco and
; San Jose. ;
Having secured a fine list of these properties, I
at low prices, we can make special induce- !
ments: climate unsurpassed; no fog; quick i
transportation, etc.
•SWEENY RANCH.
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County: In
tracts of 100 acres or lees; rich soil; plenty of |
water; this property Immediately adjoins Red- |
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San i
Francisco; suitable for email home farms; !
price below all former quotations and upon
unusually easy terms.
FOR RENT.
A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated in the foothills west of Stanford
j University, overlooking the Santa Clara Val-
l ley and the hay; handsome furnished house of I
i 12 rooms, bath, etc.; fine spring water, fruit !
' trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a
I term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran-
! CISCO.
; $1400 Choice Income property In Redwood
! City; half block of land; good house and barn.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS.
For Suburban Homes.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous
fruits; subdivisions of 10 and 20 acres each In
the Newhall & Wise tract: low prices; very '
easy terms; small cash payments, balance i
monthly; 1% . miles from • Mountain View Sta- |
tion. ; -•
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market St., San Francisco, or Branch Office,
Redwood City. ■ :
IN CAPAY VALLEY ;
IN CAPAY VALLEY I
IN CAPAY VALLEY
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.-
The Capay Valley. In Yolo County, lies
north of the famous Vaca Valley, and pos- '
sesses the same characteristics of that great
fruit section. We offer In this valley and
vicinity lands belonging to the Bank of j
Woodland at less that the foreclosure price; j
prices range from $2 25- an acre for grazing
land to $40 an acre for the best fruit land.
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE ■
Call or send lor the catalogue and price
list of these lands.
McAFEE BROTHERS
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
PASTURE lands for sale or rent: reclaimed
.and unreclaimed; rent 10c per acre and up-
ward; for sale, $2 an acre and upward. Mc- I
AFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St., S. F.
FINELY Improved ranch, 600 acres, near Con- !
cord; 25 acres bearing orchard. 10 acres vines, i
200 acres grain; only $16,000. McAFEE BROS, i
IN SUBDIVISIONS! IN SUBdTvTsIONsT"
At Assessed Value! At Assessed Value!
A grand opportunity— acres of the es-
tate of Sarah Blake, deceased, lying on the
Merced River; for sale as above: the land is
well adapted for grain, fruit, vegetables and
alfalfa; In plats of 35 acres and upward, at !
prices of from $3 to $20 per acre; send for •
descriptive map. McAFEE BROTHERS, 10S .
Montgomery Et., San Francisco, Cal.
$2500—40 ACRES, Santa Cruz County; 12 acres i
vines, 6 acres fruit; fine trout Etrt-am; plenty '
of wood; 2-story house, 2 cottages, barn. ■
packing-house, et£. ; farm tools.
$2500— acres In early fruit belt near Vaca- i
vllle: 30 acres In bearing fruit; house, pack-
ing-house, etc.; taken under foreclosure and
offered under half value.
$1500—90 acres; 30 under cultivation; 100 fruit !
trees; 8 acres vines; house, barn, wine cellar, I
etc.; lot of personal property, including cow, j
bees. Implements, '. wine, etc. GAMAN & j
LYON, 215 Kearny st.
COUNTRY property for sale— l6o acres; 110 In
orchard; 80 In full bearing: best varieties;
prunes, pears, peaches, olives, apricots; Pla-
cer County, 3 miles from Folsom; - house,
barn, outbuildings, etc.; fruit-dryer and with
cellar: pumping plants; this property cost
$35,000; can be bought now for $12,000; owjier
mu*t sell; this year's crop estimated from
$2000 to $3000; part cash; would exchange. J.
S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$4600— BEST-PAYING ranch In Napa County;
for sale at a bargain; income last year $1065-
open for Investigation. ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., 902 Broadway/ Oakland. ;
$950— Mountain ranch, 160 acres, 6 miles from
Uklah; small house, 3 rooms, and barn; fine
spring runninc water: 20 acres fenced in
grain; young orchard and garden; 40 acres
oak and fir timber; good market for wood;
fine climate and scenery, hunting and fishing.
Address R., box 114, Call office.
$25.000— GRAND stock ranch, nearly SOOO acres,
on Eel River, Mendocino County, on line of !
proposed railroad: fenced, well watered and i
wooded: good buildings; includes 2000 sheep i
and other stock and Implements; all com-
plete; terms half cash. Address R., box 114
Call office. .
50 ACRES. Contra Costa County; all in choice
fruit and bearlne; will sell on very easy
terms: must be seen to be appreciated; will
subdivide If required; ajre of trees 3 to f,
• years; on line of Valley Railroad and 3 miles !
from B. P. deiot; 2 hours' ride from San !
Francisco. Address G. j S., • Brentwood P. O.
$600— LAKE County; bargain; SO acres level
land; 5 acres in . orchard, 40 acres In grain; !
house: barn; fencing; wood and water; only
offered for a few days at this price. -C. F
MOORE. 935 Market Bt., room 4.
$3 DOWN. $5 monthly, 1 no Interest, no taxes,
for fine 10-acre tracts of fruit land, near Au-
burn, Placer County; over 750 acres sold; $15
$20 and $25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN. li
Montgomery st.
HOMESTEAD relinqulshment: . 160 acres fine
mountain land, close to, railroad; partly im-
proved; fine climate nnd location; bargain.
Address box 3351, Call ,of flee. :; ,
$1000 WILL buy 40 acres back of Mayfleld ; fine
for fruit, chickens or dairy; possessory title-
or , will exchange. . Box 3355, Call office.
A— SNAP 8 acres, Belmont, only $1200; <- easy
terms; catalogue free. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
MONEY, on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
TEHAMA County. SO acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant. : X .
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.: CaL *
MONTGOMERY. 527, cor. ' Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call; subscrip-
■ tlona and want ads taken.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— Continued
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery st.
For sale or exchange— The summer resort
place Known as "Tocoloma, I ,' Marin County;
railroad station on place: hotel of 30 rooms
and cottages, completely furnished and
equipped; gas and water: bar and billiard
room; doing a good business; price on ap-
plication, i ',„-,'.■-
For rent— 6 months, near Wrights sta-
tion, Santa Cruz mountains, a beautifully
furnished mansion of ;16 rooms, with all
modern improvements of a city residence,
with about 4 acres of land; an Ideal home.
For rent or sale— At Martinez: a nicely im-
proved place of 10 acres; suitable for physi-
cian.
For exchange— loo acres of Russian River
bottom land, near L'klah: 32 acres in prunes, i
5 acres in pears, 2." acres in alfalfa: good j
house and improvements: all stock and tools j
an.', farming implements- on the place. A i
profitable income place.
, TO LEASE.
THE CELEBRATED
C.II.ROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Completely furnished and equipped.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
One of the largest and best equipped poul- !
try places in California. Particulars ■at of- j
flee.
Spnd for circular. ■ '
I'UOi'KKTV 1O _j_V^ A\tH .
TO Sell or Exchange— Ranch, 20 acres, house 5
rooms: 2 wells sood water, stone cellar; i
brooding house and Incubator for raising
chickens; excellent grazing land can be had
near by for those wishing to raise stock; 1
mile from railroad station and near good i
school; will sell or exchange for residence j
property in city or coast town. For informa- I
tion apply 67 Flood building, city.
OAKLAND BARGAINS.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY, APRIL 23D.
DON'T MISS IT.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, corner Eighth st, Oakland.
$2500— WILL exchange some choice redwood
timber and fruit land. Mendocino, fcr house
and lot in city. Oakland or Berkeley, and pay
difference. Address R.. box 114, Call office.
BRAN new cottage, 6 rooms, bath, stable,
large lot; Mission cars; $2200, or will trade
half for outside lots, balance in rental terms.
' 413 Kearny st, 9 to 12 o'clock.
ROOM lodging-house for ranch $4,000
50 ranches, 5 to 5000 acres, from $100 to.. 50,000
Store and 2 flats: rented for $61 8.000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
! HOUSE and lot, Berkeley. $4000; $2500 may re-
: main: nlso ranch of 30 acres near Santa
i Cruz, $1200, for grocery or saloon. 1009 Mission.
4-ROOM new cottsge, 114 Congo st. ; open to-
day. J. D. MORELAND, 217 Hearst aye.,
Sunnyside.
i EDDY. 305— 10-room house for unimproved lot;
I owner must leave city.
NE 7 house and lot tD exchange for lots. Call
329 Thirteenth st. .
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— A lot in Mission warm belt; state
price and location. Address E. P., box 3205,
Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J450 — CHICKEN ranch. 2V4 acres; small house;
Haywards. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oak-
i land. ..
240 ACRES finest sugar beet land In Contra i
Costa County; trade for Oakland property.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
SANTA CLARA, small fruit ranch, very low;
| Santa Cruz fruit ranch to trade. C. K.
1 KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
! $3750 — JUST completed, 2 story. 8 rooms, etc. ;
i nicely located: 3 blocks to Broadway. AL-
DEN-GARFIELO CO., 902 ■ Broadway.
; $1000— COZY cottage 6 rooms and bath; electric
: enrs or.c block; easy terms. ALDEN-GAR-
j FIELD CO.. 902 Broadway.
$750— COTTAGE 4 rooms: lot 50x100; easy terms, i
ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
! FOR SALE— New R-room house with basement;
hot air furnace; electric bells: ventilators:
beautifully frescoed; enameled bath tubs: 2]
patent closets, etc.; lot 40x100; more ground
can be had if desired: must be seen inside
to be appreciated; price $4000. Apply at house, ;
685 Thirty-third st., Oakland, or at room 6,
seventh floor, Mills building, San Francisco.
$450 WILL buy a 3-room cottage, with lot 50x •
125. In the Alvin Tract, fronting Elmhurst
station; local trains; also electric cars; $25 i
down, $3 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 i
Montgomery st. - """ :.";. .' -
COMPLETE chicken ranch In Fruitvale. now j
ready for the business.- It is the best sec- ;
tlon in the State for chicken raising; rent $5 i
per month or will sell at a bargain and -n
terms to suit buyer. H. Z. JONES. Owner, |
455 Peventh st, corner Broadway, Oakland. j
$4900— FINE large corner 150x150, at the station, j
East Oakland: good grocery corner and for ■
residence; exchange for city property or farm,
or cheap for cash. Address R., box 114, Call. |
5 NEW houses for sale at a bargain. E. E. i
BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
GREAT bargain; 6-room house; Center st,
Oakland; $1100.
$73 LOT, worth $150, In the Alle- dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland; $". cash. $5 monthly;
' build your own home or we will build it for
you: payment as rent; all Ftreets graded,
some macadamized: 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by: climate, soil and
view the very best: call or send for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh st, cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrige free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x130. with 3
houses, bringing In a rental of $35 per month:
only on» block from narrow gauge depot:
will be sold In whole or part: offer wanted.
.T CALLAGHAN. M 4 Broadway. Oakland.
OAIvLASU HOUSES TO LET.
r t r^ LllJ^^_-,
NINE-ROOM house; five minutes' walk from
local train; two car lines within three blocks:
sunny corner. Mrs. Brower. 1261 Eighth aye. j
OAKLAND HOUSES.
6-ROOM house; laundry and bath; water free.
Apply 557 Sixth st. near station. •
OAKLAND BOOMS. ~~
ELEGANT private residence; sunny rooms, en
suite or single: furnished or unfurnished:
modern conveniences; lanre grounds. 715
Eighth St., corner Castro.
BAY-WINDOW suite: estab. dentist's office;
also complete housekpg rms. 856 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms.
with board: private: large yard.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S
Eleventh Kt.. Oakland. -
OAKLAND MEDIUM. ~~"~
MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
cordially invites the public to call; business
readings. ' 875 Washington St.. r. 3. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ipEciAiTNbricE. ~"™ ™~
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800. « '".00, $2600. $3000. ,
The above are s lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on. 1 ' market for non-payment
of Installments, and they ->re now offered at a '
great sacrifice to close accounts. They, contain i
4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date; j
alrr-» new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out and invite
Inspection. MARCUSE A- REMMEL.
Bay-st. station. Alameda. and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
SNAP— New house. 8 . rooms and bath: lot 50
i xl 50; good location; 5 minutes' walk from
| . station. Apply to owner. 1612 Chapln st. :
i $750— Lot , 60x?70; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
sehoolhouse.
$1200— FacrlfW; corner lot 35x140; good house ol
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms. .
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and !
bath nepr Chestnut station.
»2550— 5160 cash: $25 per month: lot 40x150: only
2 blocks from station and ntpn school.
J37RO— New house of 7 rooms and . bath: lot
42x150; choice location: very easy, terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alumeda.
H P. MORF.AL & . CO.. 1432 Park St.
g ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO Rent— Completely furnished house. ■12 I
rooms: ch<*>ie<>Ft location: beautiful -grounds. j
Call for NOR YEN. 1541 Central ay.. Alameda. :
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. STACK,
14 McAllister st. * ■■■:■-
ADVICE free ; - no charge unless successful
W. \V DAVIDSON. 027 Market st. I
PHYSICIANS. ==
C. O'DO.NELL. ottice ; and residence,
: . 1206 Market , dlseaseu of ' women >a ■ specialty.
ITl'EWHI.fiRsr" ==
ALL typewriters sold and ianted; few partly
' used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. .
$2750 Modern 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath: larjre lot; located in the best part of
Fruitvale; an opportunity worth investigating?
$1650 — New l'j-story cottage of 5 rooms ■ arid
bath: fine mantel, reception hall; rooms beau-
tifully tinted and frescoed; sanitary plumbing;
lot 50x125; street work and sewerage all com-
plete, t
$1300— House of -5 rooms and bath; barn,
chicken house, fruit trees; lot 100x103; all
fenced; near station.
$950— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement, all
floored; fine artesian well and force pump; lot
i 50x146; all fenced. -
$450— Choice corner; lot 100x125; fine locatlcn;
cost owner $S00; must be sold. .
$373 — House of 4 rooms; stable; good well and
pump; lot 50x137; a bargain.
$3.'O— New house of 2 rooms: chicken houses;
lot £0x130;. fenced; 1 block from electric cars.
$225— Lot 50x123; all fenced; 1 block from San
Leandro road.
_ H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
GO to Frultvale to-day and see those fine new
homes, close to station; easy rental terms; 4,
5 and C rooms; al=o lots $100 up: D. Pratt.
Frultvale. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market. S. F.
GO to Fruitvale to-day and see those fine new
homes, close to stat'on: easy terms: 4. 5 & 6
moms. D. Pratt. Frultvale (McCarthy Co.)
littltlvKLUY KUAf. fcsl'ATK.
ELEGANT cottage" on northeast corner, one
block of U. C. grounds: must be sold this
month: also new 5-room cottage in Oakland;
large lot; easy terms. M. L. WURTS, Sev-
enteenth' and Broadway. Wurts block.
FOR SALE^-Near university, house of S rooms:
large lot: will be sold very reasonably if
sold quickly. JAS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley, station.
SNAP— For sale cheap or exchange, large cor-
ner lot and 6-room house In Berkeley; bath;
high basement; brick foundation: fine gar-
den: windmill; small amount cash, balance
en easy Installments; also corner lot and 2-
story house in West Oakland on the above
terms. Call on ISAACS, 409 O'Farrell, S. F.
HOME, 3 minutes' walk from beautiful North
Berkeley station: 4-room house, bath: splen-
did well water all year; barn: lot 40x134; fine
marine view; at one-half original cost: $230
down, balance easy installments; low intej-
est; show house to-day. Inquire S. TAYLOR.
Berkeley station.
LARKSPUR RF\I. ESTATE-
" """
BEAUTIFUL HTTMI^TTirTXRIc^FTNEt!
Villa lots and acreage: easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 133 Market St.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— S3O— HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath, on the
north side of O'Farrell st: modern Improve-
ments; centrally located. J. BROWNSTONE,
11 Montgomery st. •
ALL OVER TOWN — ■ ■-■ ■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
BEST 5-room house to rent, $8; best of condi-
tion. 1567 Kearny st, near Greenwich.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake: prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
GOUGH, 406, near Hayes— 6 sur.ny rooms; bath;
yard.
LAGUNA, 1715— House of 8 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest Improvements; $30.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderick St., near McAllister.
TWENTY-FOURTH, House. 7 rms., bath;
carpeted: fine view: lawn, flowers; low rent.
7 ROOMS, basement, yard; modern; reasonable;
good tenant. 2405 California St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
. Call. Sent to any address in the .United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. ' : ,
. FURNISHED HOUSES. : \.V.~
FURNISHED bay-window cottage, 4 rooms
and bath; sunny; no children. 917 Sanchez st.
FURNISHED, house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
635 Guerrero st. - *
COTTAGES TO LET.
BAKER, 1707, near California— pleasant,
sunny, six-room cottage, with bath and fin-
ished basement; rent $25.
COTTAGE in Belvedere. > partly furnished or
unfurnished. Apply MRS. M. DENEHY.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, yard and-basement; $10.
3272 Folsom st. ; .
FORD, 14. off Sanchez, between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth — of 5 rooms and bath
and garden. -
NEAT cottage, 5 rooms; water free; $11. 3359
Twenty-sixth St., near Mission.
SUNNY cottages of 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1876 15th st, near Dolores.
TO Cottage, all modern, 7 rooms and
bath; cheap. 5437 Twentieth st.
$15— COTTAGE 6 rooms and bath; large yard.
Apply EASTON & ELDRIDGE.«
FLATS TO LET.
A— sB— 3 to 4 room flats: 10 days free.
A— slo— s room flats, off Geary, newly painted.
A— sl6— s rooms and bath; Geary St.; 15 days
free.
A— 4oo other bargains. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms. 28 Ritch st,
off Folsom, near Third.
BRANNAN, 725, ab»ve Sixth— nice flat of 3
rooms; rent $7.
CAPP, SB3, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny, modem
6-room flat; warm belt
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; rent $10. 2011 Harri-
son St., opposite Eighteenth.
FLAT, 7 rooms and bath, $20. ' 2707 Mission st.
FLAT 5 rooms, bath and stable; 18 Byington
st. Apply at 1621 O'Farrell st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, with or without stable. Ap-
ply at 735 O'Farrell st.
FLAT, 375 Shotwell st— Sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath, with stable; rent reasonable.
FLATS and cottages to let. Apply to MRS. L.
LOUGHRAN, 919 Bryant St., bet. 7th and Bth.
GEARY, 2211, southwest corner of Devisadero —
3 Bunny flats of 5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath,'
respectively; rent $15 and $17. Apply at
store downstairs or to BURNHAM & MARSH
CO., 628 Market st.
GEARY, 2255— Elegant; 5 rooms, bath; all
latest imp.; $18; cottages, 5 rooms, bath, $13.
MODERN; sunny; 4 rooms and bath. 4 Tre-
mont a.ye., near Waller St.; Golden Gate Park.
MOSS, Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath; rent re-
duced. Key corner Howard, near Seventh.
ATOM A, Flat of 4 rooms, $8; flat of 3
rooms, $5. Apply BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
NEW flat of 7 sunny rooms and bath; all mod-
ern improvements; 3435 Twentieth St., near
Capp: also flat of 4 rooms and bath; 3142
Twentieth Ft. '.**'■ - • ' * -■■.■-/' :
NEW modern lower flat, 637 Webster, nr. Hayes;
g 7 rooms and bath; choice location; rent re-
duced to $25; open for inspection to-day.
NEW modern sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; 18
Seymour aye., bet. Scott and Devisadero sts.,
off Golden Gate aye.; $27. '
NEW flats; modern improvements; 4. and 5
rooms: $16, $20; worth seeing. 2263 Geary st.
NICE flat, 7 rooms and bath; low rent; with
piano if desired. 411 Oak St. *
NINETEENTH, S9S4, near Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern. $14; 599 Noe, corner Nine-
teenth lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
5 rooms, modern, $15, water free.
PAGE, 1614— Nice sunny upper flat, 6 rooms,
etc.; near park; $20. _^ •-,-
POST 1304, near Van Ness aye.— Flat, 5 rooms
and bath; tunny; fine location; rent reason-
able.
RARELY beautiful; northwest cor. Sutter and
Scott sts.; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter.
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 If you irlsh to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
SEE that corner flat, Leavenworth , and Jack-
son sts. ; 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; newly tinted
and painted also upper flat, 1219 Jackson st. ;
lowest rent in * city. MADISON & BURKE.
TO Let— s rooms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan St., near Stanyan. ■
UPPER fiat of 3 rooms. 322 Twelfth st.
WANTED— Good tenant for elegant upper flit;
6 rooms, bath. etc. 12064 Turk st. V ,
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13, $14, $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
6-ROOM sunny upper flat: marine view; : com-
fortable and quiet; rent cheap. : 6 Ewer place.
$12— NICE sunny flat. 2SA Cedar aye., bet.
'.. Larkin and Polk sts.
$13—4 i ROOMS. 106% Lanston St., ;, southwest
Folsom. . near Seventh. :. . , . . ' .
$16—6 ROOMS and bath; f=un in every ■ room.
2723 Bryant : St., * between 25th. and 26th. . ; ;
$20—2 NEW, modern ' sunny ■ ■ flats. 5 - choice
: rooms: porcelain baths.' etc. 1706 Hyde st.
$22 50— MODERN five-room ■ flat. 127 Ash ' aye.,
• ; off Van Ness, ■; near McAllister st.* \ * >:  r
FURNISHED FLATS.
ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat, 771 Pierce St., cor. McAllister. No
admittance without permit from C. J. CAMP-
-BELL & CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED flat of 7 rooms, bath, piano, tele-
phone, basement and yard; all complete.
Monday at 715 Taylor st. '
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms, complete for house-
keeping. 1023 O'Farrell st.. nr. Van Ness aye.
HOISKh^KI'IM, KOOMS.
BRADY, 44— 3 unfurnished rooms; cheap to
small family.
BUSH, Sunny room; furnished; light
housekeeping or for 2 gentlemen; $10 month.
BUSH, 1203— For rent, 3 nice sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping, with bath.
BUSH, 1527— Bedroom, connecting front room;
light housekeeping; suitable dressmaker; ref-
e rences; $8. .
DIAMOND, Worth while looking at; 2 com-
pletely furnished connecting rooms for house-
keeping in a new residence; porcelain bath,
cement wash trays, gas,' etc.; references re-
quired. '.-.,.■
ELEVENTH, — 2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; upper; $10. .
ELLIS' 1135, near Buchanan— 3 or 4 large sunny
bay-window corner rooms, unfurnished: porce-
lain bath, tile sink, new range; telephone;
rent very reasonable; references.
FIFTH,' 3I4—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 325—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13 50: one, $7; double parlors, kitchen, $23.
FOLSOM, 1293, cor. Ninth— Large sunny bay-
window rooms, with kitchen, complete, $10
and $12. . .
FOLSOM, Furnished housekeeping rooms;
rent $7.
FOLSOM, 2S4S— or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; cheap; without children.
GOLDEN GATE, 156—2 large sunny housekeep-.
ing rooms; nicely furnished; parlor floor.
GOLDEN GATE. 620— Parlor floor, 3 sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
GROVE, 354. 3 blocks from City Hall— con-
necting rooms, furnished for housekeeping;
:2 double beds, gas and bath; private resi-
dence; $16. ..."... -,'.■:"'
GUERRERO. 215—4 or 5 beautifully furnished
sunny rooms complete for housekeeping. Ap-
ply 10 to 4. .
HARRISON, — Four rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $16;
bath.
HOWARD. — 2, 3or four connecting sunny
housekeeping rooms; complete; gas; bath;
reasonable.
HOWARD, 511— or three sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
JESSIE, 476—2 sunny front rooms neatly fur-
nished for housekeeping.
J' jrflE— 373, near Fifth and Market —
keeping; $8; single, $5. ; :
JUNIPER, B—3 unfurnished front sunny rooms
and bath.
MINNA, — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
cheapest in the city. ',"•-..
MINNA, 725 — nice rooms in front; big yard;
rent tS.
MISSION, 1135— Bay-window suite of 3 rooms;
connecting; furnished for housekeeping; $16.
MISSION, . 1241— Front and back parlor, well
furnished; sunny; gas; running water.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NATOMA. 60S— Flat of 3 nice connecting
rooms: everything complete for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
NATOMA. — 2 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; yard: rent reasonable.
OAK, 4S — $10: 3 nice rooms; pantry and closets;
unfurnished.
OAK, 119 — 2 nicely furnished rooms for heavy
housekeeping; very cheap.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Bay-window, with
i mantel, kitchen, gas stove: $13.
SACRAMENTO, 3327—3 rooms, complete for
housekeeping. .'
SHOTWELL, 625— Two or three sunny furnlsh-
pd rooms for light housekeeping; bath; piano.
SIXTEENTH, 2009, corner Furnished
front room with grate; use of kitchen and
yard; rent $8.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— 2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping, $10 a month.
THIRD, — Large front suite complete, $12;
other suites, $10: single, $•-•.
THIRTEENTH, 409%, near Valencia— unfur-
nished rooms, bath and yard; $10.
TURK. 543—2 sunny rooms: complete for house-
keeping; gas and bath; $15.
TURK, S2l— ln strictly private family; beauti-
ful sunny parlor: furnished or unfurnd.; $10.
TWELFTH. — 2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: $12 per month. '
TWELFTH, 230 C— nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; private family.
VALENCIA. 1175 — convenient furnished
housekeeping rooms: bay-window: bath; sink.
VAN NESS. 1021— Sunny front suite: .3 rooms
and kitchen; gas; range: all complete.
WEBSTER, 711—3 or 4 large sunny rooms fur-
nished or unfurnished.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call. ;
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
EIGHTEENTH. 528, between Telegraph and
San Pablo ayes.— Newly renovated housekeep-
ing suite; sunny; also single.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping: also |
double; closo to station. 821 Market st. j
ROOMS TO LET.
'
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable; j
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks i
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the Oxford. 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths;, by day or month.
BEAUTIFUL sunny rooms; newly furnished
and new flat; with board; Van Ness aye.,
Box 3364, Call office.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BUCHANAN, Furnished room; rent rea-
sonable.
BUSH, 71SC— Single room; running water; bath;
convenient; gentleman only;' private family.
BUSH, 726— Nicely furnished rooms for gentle-
men at $7 and $8 per month; private; ref.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single i
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.: nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 50.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath; $6 to $10.
EDINBURGH. 239 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, suites and single.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $3 week.
ELLIS.' 432— Furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FILLMORE, 1808, near . Sutter— J nicely fur-
nished sunny, rooms; en suite or. single; pri-
vate family. ■ ; .
FILLMORE, 2205%, near Clay— s9; furnished
sunny parlor, with small room,
FOLSOM, 866— Sunny bay-window furnished
room for 2; gas, bath, use of stove.
FOLSOM, 1312 — large sunny unfurnished
front room; closets, grate, etc.-
FULTON. 3— Nice sunny rooms to let. day,
week or month.
FULTON, 118— Sunny furnished single rooms;
also . rooms, : unfurnished, for housekeeping.
GEAUY. 518— Large Bunny bay-window rooms;
suites, double and single rooms; $8 month up.
GEARY, Large, I desirable front room, fur-
nlshed; references.
GEARY, ' 622— Nice, large sunny bay-window
room: also single room:, quiet and reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1404— Sunny front room and
kitchen, $12; single, $5.
GROVE, 202, cor.' Van Ness— unfurnished
3-room suites, with gas stove.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week. .
HAVES, 536, near Laguna— Sunny furnished
front room; suited for gentleman; rent $4.'; :
HOWARD, 524— Nice large front sunny alcove
 room; suitable for 2 gentlemen;! $10 month.
HOWARD, 623— Pleasant sunny double and sin-
■ rooms; quiet house;rent cheap. ■■■
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S : - 200 rooms:
Euttee; single; sunny, reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD. ; 1143— Nicely furnished single room.
IVY aye.. ■ 316— let, 2 sunny furnished rooms
for 'gentlemen. per month.-: -.:-'
JONES, 117 — Neatly furnished sunny suite; pri-
vate; $.1V --..;•• .■ •■'. .'■ •■-.-.-•■ . <
ROOMS TO LET— Contlnncd.
LEAVENWORTH. IC9— Sunny front room suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
LYON, 1411— Single sunny rooms, reasonable,
$5 and $5.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6: baths; hot water; transient: elevator.
McALLISTER,. Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
McALLISTER, Neat single furnished room
to rent, with gas, bath, hot and cold water;
J6 a month.
McALLISTER, 1229— Parlor suite in modern
flat, with board; for 2, $10 a week; single, $5.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION, 1061— Sunny room; private family;
suit 2 young men; terms reasonable. . :
MISSION, Sunny .'ront alcove rooms; also
single from $6 up.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NATOMA, 207. near Third— Two large, sunny
furnished front rooms to let.
NATOMA, 282, near Fourth— 3 connecting
rooms, unfurnished, $7 per month. ■ ; -
NATOMA, 514 A, near Sixth— front room
cheap.
NATOMA, 1008, near Eleventtwslo 50; 4 upper
rooms.
NINTH. 83, near Market— Furnished front
room to your.g lady, $1 per month.
NINTH. ■ 130%— Neat sunny rooms; $4 50 and
fa BO; light housekeeping if desired.
O'FARRELL, Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $S and $10.
O'FARRELL, 211, corner Powell— Nice suite;
also single rooms, by day or month.
©'FARRELL, 406%— Nice large room; furnished
for 2; use bath; $10; private family; upper flat.
PINE, 706% — Large sunny bay-window rooms;
gas, bath; private family: $15 and $18.
PINE, 1625%, near Van — Sunny furnished
front room, bath, gas, In small private fam-
lly; $5.
POST, 622— Sunny sutte or 6lngle rooms: first-
class in every respect.
SEVENTH. 142 (Girard House)— Sunny suites
and single rooms at lowest rates.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Sunny front bay-window room;
bath and gas: other rooms; $1 per week up.
SIXTEENTH, 3012%— Nice sunny front room,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
SUTTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable: Investigate.
STEVENSON. 79, next corner Second—
workrooms to let. ■-';-:'•'' '-'.-'_]■
SUTTER. '407—2 single rooms, $6 each.
I — . — «
TAYLOR, 407— let, two large, sunny front
rooms; furnished.
TENTH, 123— Nicely furnished large sunny
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms.
THE Eldora, 23 Stockton— furnisheil
rooms.
THIRD, 143 — Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; first floor: bath; gas.
TWO large sunny room 3 fn Sausalito; very
cheap. Address MRS. J. W., box 50, Sausa-
lito, Cal.
WEBSTER. 2218— Newly furnished rooms; fam-
ily private; references.
$4 A MONTH, bed and sitting room with wash
room;- sunny; gentleman. Box 3194. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrann^r. for mailing. .'
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS. — Nicely furnished suite, suitable for
2 or 3, with board; also single room.
FOI.SOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON. 833 (The Mlzpah)— A qm>t family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table: terms reasonable.
GALINDO hotel, Oakland— Up to the times:
large sunny suites from $12: single rooms
from $6; board optional: handy to all trains.
GUERRERO, Lovely room for 2 gentle-
men; home comforts: private family; piano.
HYDE. 925— Sunny suites: first-class board;
quiet: homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE, Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
LEAVENWORTH, 215— Sunny front room with
board: home comforts: private family.
McALLISTER, 1229— Parlor sutte In modern
flat, with board: for 2, $10 a week; single, $5.
NICE furnished room with board for 2 persons;
-running water; $36. 618 Golden Gate aye.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny frcnt room, $4 week.
SUTTER, Sunny snitp; single rooms: lirst-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., SOS — Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
LADY having a comfortable home would like
to have one or two children to board; healthy
location: convenient to two schools; terms to
suit parties. Box 3361, Call office.
CHILD to board; best of care'; terms $10. 1034
McAllister Bt.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234H Sixth st.
w STALLS TO LET.
CLARA, 126— Large barn. 7 stalls, covered yard,
with or without house with bath. Apply
premises.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies*— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgraca
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister st.; pills, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. Bent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. 8. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases at
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home in confinement: comfort and privacy;
cure $5: pills $1; every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free and confidential. MRS. DR.
. WYETH. 918 Post St., near Larkln.
A SURE, safl and speedy cure for all femal*
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
' possible care; with privacy of home and con«
venience of a hospital; those sick or dlscour*
aged rail on the doctor 'and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; taka
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mail; at
druggists Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Bchenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe, sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause: restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice: home: best skill: low fees: pills, $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's Irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the causa
may be: treatment by mall, or call at Pr.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027. Market st. $5
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE. cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5: consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL, UIS Market st.
A BOON to wives and — Seguro; priea
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DRS. ELY. late of Ohio, 71 Fourth st.— Ladies'
i re cure; any, all; cure at office, $5; pills, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 69 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. ■
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'XKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
___ — - STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances . made. J. . NOONAN, . 1017 to 1023
■■'Mission et., ab-ve Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
: ZEHFUSS., S4O Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co. ;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS S. NEUMAJf,
121 Sixth st., open evenijag*. ,
1314
EDUCATIONAL..
HEALP'S Business College; 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphj . languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil nnd mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 : hers; 1100
graduates placed sin." I<i2: catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory ! hool for the unt-
versity, law and'mi'iliral illegi : accredited
with Stanford I'nlversity. Cooper College, etc.:
day and evening sessions; ref.. Pres. Jordan
or any Stanlord professor. Phelan building.
AYRES 1 BuFines^ College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bo, kke< telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
ship. $".0: low rati i per week and month.
DANCING taughl at pupils' homes by profes-
sional; terms very reasonable. Address t»"X
3252. Call office.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room F-72. ■'"■ Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3341
Twenty-! St.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. Burvey assay, archit.; day & eve.:
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO lessons by competent teacher. 25c half
hour. 501 Franklin st . near Fulton.
WEBBTER. 2107%— Piano teacher; studied in
Paris: terms reasonable; best references.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
MONTGOMERY, E27, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want a.'.s taken.
— LOST.
LOST— A pair of spectacles, on Steuart St., be-
tween Folsom and Mission. Return to 9 Mis-
sion st., room 10; reward.
Western Addition, white fox terrier
bitch; brown head: answers name Trix. Re-
turn to 1426 Mission st.; liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JULIE NORTON, No. 140,720. The
finder will please return to bank.
GREYHOUND, white dog. with half brindle
head. Return 1019 Market st. : beral reward.
LOST— Pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of FANNIE B. WHITE. No. 183,975. |
The finder will lease return to bank.
CASK given for Id gold and silver jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' I.' Grant aye.
lIORSEf.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or ■■. hanged; cheap storage: 40 horses; must
sell. At Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
FOR Sale— A gentle riding and driving mare, 6
years old; wagon and buggy: at your own
price. MO Filbert st.
MATCHED team of sorrels; weight about 2200;
kind, gentle; single or double. 417 Ninth St.
JUST arrived— r»n horse?, mules, burros. 721
Howard st.: ai:it: every Tuesday.
\VAGO.\S AND CARRIAGES.
FINE business buggies, light top buggy, butch-
er wagon. 903 Golden Gate aye.
LIGHT delivery wagi n, tea and spice wagon,
li»:ht buggy, one peddler wagon. 1370 Turk st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie- .
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top r-nd cpeD
bugry: also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
DEXTISTS.
A FULL set of terth. f»; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; warranted ten years; !
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $S 50; all i
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- I
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction. 50c; I
teeth per set. 15 to S10; gold fillings. $1 up; j
silver. 50c up; artificial teeth repaired. SI j
up; our crown and bridge work is the best: |
hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 1. ;
909 Mission, cor. Sixth: branch. 371 Hayes. i
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. r.r. nth:
no charge for extracting when plates are j
made; old plates made over like new; teeta
from SS per set: e-tracting 60c; gas given. ;
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of irrrroved bridge work or teetn
without plate, movfd from (I to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors: full set!
of teeth. J5 up: fillings, 2.'» c up; all work '
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors. 819 Market, Academy of
Sciences bldg., sth floor; painless dentistry.
L A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE. j
removed to Call bids.. Cth floor, rms. 603-CO7.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J. ;
W. KEY. IS2O Market st. ■
6ET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
m YOUNG.IB4I Polk Bt.
PROPOS VLS.
OFFICE C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
April 14. IS9B. Sealed proposals, in triplicate,
will be received here until 11 o'clock, a. m..
May 14, 1898, and then opened for furnishing
and delivery at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
Portland, Or., Sun Francisco, Cal., or else-
where, stationery required in Department of
the Columbia. information furnished on ap-
plication. U. S. reserves right to reject or
accept any or nil proposals, or any part
thereof. Preference given to articles -f do-
mestic production or manufacture, condi-
tions of quality and price (Including In
the price of articles of foreign produc-
tion or manufacture the duty thereon)
being equal, and such preference given
to articles of American production or !
manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast
to the extent of the consumption required by i
the public service there. Envelopes contain- i
Ing proposals should be marked: "Proposals !
for Stationery," and addressed J. W.
JACOBS. Q. m
LATE SHIPPING -NTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 16.
Etmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg. !
DOMESTIC lORTP
SEATTLE — Sailed Aril 1&-Bark Alex Me- j
N*-ii. for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY - Sailed April 16— Schr ,
Vega, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived April 16— Stmr Auguste I
Victoria, fr im New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aril 16 — Stmr !
Prtedrich der Grosse, from New York, for :
Bremen.
1 NEW YORK— Arrived April Stmr Etru- '
rla. from Liverpool; stmr La Gascogne, from
Havre; stmr Saale, from Bremen; stmr Ob- '
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr Aller, from Nap- I
lew. stmr Ethiopia, from Glasgow; stmr Pie- >
torla. from Hamburg; stir.r Island, from Cop-
enhagen; stmr Minnewaska, fr«m London.
MISCELLANEOUS..
SEATTLE. April 16— The stn-.r Cleveland is
ashore on Beans Point. Win get off to-night
at high water.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:
Hans Greeck and Anna Schaller, 29-26.
Esaias Palo and Anl E. Lahdenpera, 23-20.
Fred C. Lund and Frances Kerrigan, 32-26.
Abram W. Imck and Martha Rackliffe, M-fS.
Jose S. Calcho and Maria T. Louis. 2S-21.
'arl Mattttpn and Charlotte j etersoo, 3°-"2.
John F. Ryan and Motile T. Henrichs. "27-24.
Karl M. Schuler and Eliza Dettlin, 38.25.
j..hn E. Monnlch and Lena schultz. 31-20.
Patrick O'Sulllvan and Maria Taugney, 2S-30.
Joseph M. F. Hocher and Mary Moore, 30-25.
■' — _. ___ _._^= i
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must bo
hnndel in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the sime pub-
lished.
BOR.V.
BACHELDER— In Tulare, April 13. 1898, to the
wife of .1. F. Bachelder. a daughter.
BENNECHE In this city. April 15, IS9S, to
the wife of Captain Benneche, a daughter.
BURNS— In this city. April 10, 1838. to the i
wife of E. F. Burn*, a son. |
CHENY— Near Santa Clara. April 14, 1898. to I
the wif<' of Ruettell Cheney, a ton.
CHRISTEXSEN— In thii city. April 9. IS9B, to
the wife of John Chrtßtrnsen, a son.
CROWDER Rock Creek, April 12, IS3S. to
the "vife of Jam>n Crowder, a son.
COSTELLO— In this city. April H. 1898, to the
wife of James M. Costello, a daughter.
DELEHANTY-In this city. April 14, 1898, to j
the wife of B. J. Delehanty, a daughter.
GAVIN— In this city. April 6. lS'.'S, to the wife
of W. C Gavin; a daughter.
HORRINGTON— In this city. April 15.' 1898, to
the wife of Percy W. Horrington, a son.
HICKEY— March -22. 1898, to the • ife of W...7.
Hlckey. a daughter.
McLEOD— April 10. 1898. to the wife of George
McLeod. a daughter.
• MILLKn— X»ar Paso Robles. April 10, IS9S. to
th« wife of l. T. Miller. a son.
. MURRAY In this city. April 7, 1898. to the
wife of William Murray, a daughter.
NYMAN— To th< wife of Gus Nyman. a son.
O'KEEFE— In this city, April 6, 1838, to the
wife of j. F. O'Keefe, a son.
PISCHEL— In this city. April 14, 1898. to the
wife of Dr. K. Pischel, a son.
RADEBOLD-April 7, . 18S8, to the wife of
< harl.-s w. Rndebold, a daughter.
BCHEER- In this city. April 1} 1898, to the I
wue of (J. a. Scheer, a son.
STADTEGGER- In this city. April 9, ISM, to
the wife of George E. Stadtegger, a ..aughter.
TAIX -In San Juan, April 2, 1898, to the wife
oi Ant( n ■ Talx, a son.
WILLIAMS to this city, April 18. 1898, to the
« '• "• Joseph S. Williams, a daughter.
MARRIIED.
CURTIS MacDONOUGH In this city April
12. IV--. by Rev. J. X. Beard, E. E. Curtis to
Lorreta M. MacDonough.
EGLOS COGGKSHALL— In this city. April 14
IS9B, by the Rev. C. B Reddlck, James Eglos
and Susie C. Coggeshall, both of Stockton.
RAYN GRATTON— In Fairfteld, Cal., April 13.
IS9B, by the Rev. S. H. Rhoads, William
Rayn and Nellie <;. Gratton.
TOPHAM BREWER— In Paso Robles, April
13. lv \ by the Rev. Mr. Hogg. Thomas J.
Topham and Hattie L. Brewer.
TAYLOR— DENISON— In Santa Cruz. April 14,
1898. by the Rev. Father McNamee. Clarence
Taylor and x.-ttie Dennlson.
VONAH MICHAEL— In Oakland. April 11.
1898, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss. Thaddeus
'V onali ami Marie Michael. !
DIED.
Barrett. John Mayo. Nathaniel C.
Bawart, Frank Mawson. Josephine
Boyle. Owen Mehlwltz Jane J.
lit -unwell, Aaron Morse, Sarah M.
Brown, Henry Munter. HertUa
Campbell, Alexander Murphy, Mrs. Ann
Clark, John J. Murphy. William P.
Clarke, William J. Nelson, Dr. X. M.
Cox, Philip R. Otten, Katie
Eschelbach, John Parson. I>r. Edward
Gorham, Anne Pierce. Mrs. Ellen
Gorman, ("apt. J. M. Pleper, William
Granfield. Kate Plnon, Amelia A.
Guinness. Cecil C. J. Roche. Michael
mond, Mrs M. Rrdgers, Henry
Hansen. Herman P. Schofleld. Mrs. Sarah
Healy, Lizzie Senn, Otto
Kyle, Hannah Thomas, Griffith J.
Llebes, Herman Wilkinson. Thomas
Mahoney, Margaret Wohltmann, John D.
Marshall. Harris H.
BARRETT— In Stockton. April 14, IS9B, John,
bel ned husband of Mrs. Mary Barrett, and
beloved father of Mrs. Arden Belden and
Agnes, John J. and Frank I. Barrett, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 57 years.
17 The funeral will take, place this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church. Mission
street, for services at in o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Friends
and acquaintances are invited to attend.
BAWART— In this city. April M, 1898, Frank,
dearly beloved husband of Therese Bawart,
and father of Josephine, Frank. Anton, Ru-
dolph and Tlllle l<awart. a native of Tyrol,
BchweltX. Germany, aged S6 years !1 months
and 21 days. A member of Germanla Club.
I ..-Fr.i-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. la) I, at 1 o'clock, from his late re.~i-
dence, - Natoma street, thence to St. Boni-
face Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth streets, for services,
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BOYLE— In this city, April 16. IS9S. Owen,
relict of Mary Boyle, father of Sister Mary
Clare. S. N. D.,.and Annie, Nellie. Patrick,
Frank and the late Mans and Peter Boyle, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 65
years.
ET^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi- .
dence. 315 Twenty-second street, near Geor-
gia, Potrero, thence to St. Teresa's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BRAMWELL— this city, April 15, 1898,
Aaron, beloved husband of Rose Bramwell,
rather of Mrs. P. H. Maloney, Mrs. E. L.
Barzone. Aaron and Robert Bramwell and
the late Mrs. William F. Jones, and brother
of Jane tfJramwell of Sanquhar, Scotland, a
native of Dumfries, Scotland, aged 74 years.
(Dumfries, Scotland, and London, England,
papers please copy.)
E^Frienris and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviteri to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his .ate resi-
r[cf, 1419 Kearny street, between Union and
Filbert. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RIGGERS' AND STEVEDORES' UNION AS-
sDci.ai ion— The funeral detail from John
Hicltey to Thomas Kelly inclusive will as-
semble at their hall this day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Aaron Bramwell. By order
A. CAMPBELL, Pres.
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. Sec.
BROWN— In Green Valley. April 11. 189 S.
Henry Brown, a native of Russia, aged 75
years.
CAMPBELL— In the City and County Hospital,
April 16, 1898, Alexander Campbell, a native
of Scotland, aged 30 years.
CLARK— In Vallejo, April 13, ISSS. John J.
Clark, a native of Ireland, aged 41 years and
S months.
CLARKE— In this city, April 15, IS9S. William
J., beloved son of William and the late Kose
A. Clarke, brother of Maggie, Cornelius and
the iate Nellie Clarke, and nephew of Mrs.
L. Walsh. Mrs. B. Kelly, Mrs. D. Kenny
and D. Curran, a native of Empire City,
Nev\, ased 2» years.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 355 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
COX— In this city. April 15. IS9S, Philip R..
beloved son of Michael and Mary Cox, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 9 months and 2S
days.
t7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. Mississippi street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ESCHELBACH— In this city, April 14, IS9B.
John Eschelbach, a native of Germany, aged
29 years and 6 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to att«nd the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GORHAM— In this city, April 14, IS9S, Anne,
beloved wife of Bartley Gorham, and beloved
mother of Mary. Delia, Joe. Bartley and John
Gorham, a native of Clifden, County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 39 years.
C?"Frit'ni!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
("Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from lier late resl-
dence, 417 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GORMAN— In this city. April 12. 1898. Captain
James M., beloved husband of Maggie Gor-
man, and father of Marco Gorman, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 61 years and 11 days.
Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from George H.
Thomas Post's rooms, 320 Post street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of A. W. Martin Co., 118 Geary
street.
GRANFIELD— this city. April 16, 1898. Kate,
beloved wife of the late Arthur Cranfleld.
and mother of Lizzie, Nellie, Mamie and
Arthur Granfield, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 4S years.
CT'Frlends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:2O o'clock, from h<»r late resi-
dence. M 9 Eleventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GUINNESS— In this city. April 15, 1898. Cecil
C. J. GulnneES, a native of Ireland, aged 07
years.
HAMMOND— In Mulberry. April 9. IS9B, Mrs.
Maria S. Hammond, aged 6ti years.
HANSEN-^ln this city. April 16. IS9B, Her-
man P., beloved son of John L. ar.d Bridget
Hanson, and brother of Mrs. G. Kity and
• Mrs. G. Holmes, a native of Humboldt
County, Cal.. aged -■ y<-ar and 4 months.
I Humboldt County, Cai.. papers please copy.)
EX I i lend n and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tiv*funr?rnl to-morrow
(Mondaj I, at lv:3» o'clock, orn the under-
taking parlors .i TheOflor Dlerkt 957 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
. Tenth street, where the funeral services will
be held, crimmencinK at 11 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cro Cemetery-
HKALY— Tn Sulsuri. April 14. 1898, Lizzie
. .Healy, a native ot California, aged 37 years.
KYLE- In this city. April JG, 1S:«S. at 9:15 a.
m.. Hannah Kyle, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs E. L. Ireland, wife of the late Robert
Kyle, and mother of the late Emily Home
and Charles R., William C. and May Kyle.
(T^Krn-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at .' o'clock, rrom her late resl-
. <]en ■■. 1" Harriet street.
LIEBES— ashes of. Hf-rmnn Llebes. who
died February 2S, IS9S, and whose re-mains
were cremated in London. ii,.,({iand, will be
Interred this >'.i^ (Sunday), in Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, San Mateo County.
Frlev.ds and acquaintances are invited to be
present at a memorial -service to be held in
the chn:>el at the cemetery.' Take 11:30
o'clock train, corner Third and Townsend
i treats.
MAHONEY— In this city, April 14, 189 S. Mar-
garet, beloved <1 lughter of John and Julia Ma-
honey, and sister of William E., James D..
Joseph T.. Annie and the \ute John L. Ma-
honcy, a native of Vallejo, Solano County,
Cal.
CTFriendp and ai-qiialnta!i<^?i are " respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her lato resl-
dentr-. •- '. Minna street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a re-
quim hich cnasH will be celebrated for the re-
. poM of her soul, com ncing at S o'clock. In-
terment Hoiy proas Cemetery. .
MARSHALL— In this city, April 16. 1898. Harris
H. Marshall, -a. native of Nova Scotia, aged
7t> y(ars.
MAYO-In this city. April 14, 1898, iJathaniel
C.. husband Of Mary A; W. Mayo, an 1 father
of Alice F. Ha'iscor.i of Cambridgeport. Mass. •
Clara E. Steers, Hattie M. Hitchcox and
Clarence E., Nat L. an.! Harry L. Mayo, a
nativ. Gloucester, Mass., _ged 67 years ■
■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funrral this day
(Sunday), at 1 .o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3543 Army street. • Interment I O O
F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ■
MAWSON-In this city. April 13. ls:)S Jose-
phine \V\, beloved wife of the late _dwln R
Mawson. and mother of Mrs. E. , B. Holmes'
and Mathilda R.. Bertha C. David H and
Edith B. Mawson, aged C 3 years and 7
months. A.-momber of Seven ' Pines Circle
Ladies of. the G. A. R. ,
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
fully invited to atfpnd the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her !ate resi-
dence. *1442 Jessie street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Ce-m-'tery. via electric-car from Eighteenth
* and Guerrer i streets at :; o'clock.
LADIES OF THE (i. A X — To the officers and
members of Seven Pines Circle No. 3. Ladles
of the G. A. R. Sisters: You are requested
to meet this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock at
1142 Jessie str-?et. between Thirte;nth and
Fourteenth, to attend the funora! of our late
sister, Josephine \V. Mawson. By order of
the president. ANGIE AVERS.
M. J. GRIFFITH, Sec.
MEHLWITZ— In this city. April 15, 1898, Jane
Julia, dearly beloved mother of Tony Mehl-
witz and Mrs. Sarah J. Ritter. a native of
The Cove, N. J., nged 7.i years. A member
of Sevpn Pines Circle. Ladies of the G. A. R.
(Brooklyn, N. V., and Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
CT The funeral services will be held
to-mcrrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street. Remains will be smt to Brook-
lyn, N. V.. for Interment on Wednesday.
MORSE— In this city, April IS, 1898. Sarah M..
beloved wife of the late E. E. Morse, and
mother of Emrr.a L. and Nellie A. Morse, a
native of Nantucket. Mars., aged 64 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at I :3ft o'clock, under the auspict-?
of Mission Chapter No. l.">. O. E. S., from
Mission Maronlc Temple, 2G6S Mission street,
between Twenty-second and wenty-third.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
MUNTER— In this city, April 15, 1898. Bertha,
beloved wife of William Munter. and mother
of Leo Munter, a native of Germany, aged
4S years.
MfItPHY- In Oakland. April 14. 1898, Mrs. Ann
Murphy, the loving mother of Fred Murphy,
Mrs. L. Kelly and Mrs. M. Goslin. and be-
loved sister of Mrs. M. Barnes. James Sulli-
van and the late Michael and John Sullivan,
a native of Ireland, aged 6S years and 3
months.
ML'RPHY— In this city, April 15. 1898, Wil-
liam P., beloved brother of Charles and
George Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 8 months and 27 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city. April io, 1898, at th;
Lane Hospital, Dr. N. Magnus Nelson of 1513
Mozart street. Alameda. the only beloved son
of Christen and Carolina Nelson, and brother
of Mrs. William Noble and Mary Nelson, a
native of Melrose. Alameda County, aged
23 years 5 months and 25 days. (Fresno, Cal..
papers copy.)
GryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at the chapel of Odd
Fellows' Crematory at 3:30 o'clock. Remains
at the rarlors of A. W. Martin & Co., US
Geary street Please omit (lowers.
OTTEN-In Los Gatos. April 15, 1898, Katie,
dearly beloved daughter of Claus and Ma no
Otten. and sistfr of Claus, Laura, Peter and
Harry Otten, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years 4 months and 27 days.
!T7"Frlcnds and acquaintances: are respect-
fully invited to Rttend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. lfiOl Post street, corner of Oc-
tavia. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowere.
PARSON— lrt» this city. April 15, 1898, Dr. Ed-
ward Parson, a native of Kngland. aged CO
years.
PIERCE— An anniversary solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Mrs. Ellen Pierce to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, at St. Peter's Church,
Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets. Friends
are Invited to attend.
PIEPER— In this city, April 14. IS9S, William,
dearly beloved husband of Agnes Pieper, and
father of George Pieper, a native of Hugen-
walde. Germany, aged 4.'. years and 16 days.
A member of Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S.
KTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 839 Vallejo street, corner of Mason,
thence to Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street,
where the funeral services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
PINON— In Hollister, Cal., April 14, 1898, Ame-
lia Ann Pinon, a native of New Jersey, aged
75 years.
ROCHE— In Oakland, April 16, IS9S, Michael,
beloved husband of Catherine Roche, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years. (Virginia
City, New, papers please copy.)
C7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 9
o'clock, from hU late residence. 1102 East
Twenty-fourth street, thence to St. Anthony's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the rer>ose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
RODGERS— In New Westminster, B. C. Henry
Rodgers. beloved father of Julia A. Meagher,
and father-in-law of J. F. Meagher, a native
of Ireland, aged 77 years.
CTNctice of funeral hereafter.
SCHOFIELD— In this city, April 16. IS9S. Mrs.
Sarah Schofield, beloved sister of Mrs. A. S.
Sulley, a native of Staffordshire, England,
agetl 73 yeais and 1 month.
Relatives and friends are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral services at St.
Ann's Chapel, Old Ladles' Home. 211S Golden
Gate avenue, to-morrow (Monday), at 2
o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SENN— In this city, April 14, 189S, Otto, be-
loveJ husband of Caroline Senn. a native of
Alstoe. Germany, aged 43 years 2 months and
21 days.
E~^"Frierid* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 137 Perry street, between Third and
Fourth. Intermtnt Oiid Fellows' Cemetery.
I. A. OF M.— Officers and members of San
Francisco Lodge No. 68, International Asso-
ciation of Machinists, are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Qtto Senn, this day (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, from 137 Perry street.
J. J. BEALK. M. M.
THOMAS— In this city. April 14, IS9B Griffith
J., dearly l^eloved husband of Ma. father of
Leon Thomas, dearly beloved ion of Mary
Ann Thomas, and brother of Henry. James
and Nellie Thomas, Mrs. S. Rewcastle and
Mrs. Mnry Cunco, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years and 23 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1.-.03 Pupont street, thence to Fores-
ters' Hall. 1"2 O'Farrell street, where serv-
ices will be held, under the ausnlces of
Court Justice No. 7903, A. O. F. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
A. O. F. — Officers and members cf Court Jus-
tice No. 7903, A. O. F.. are requested to meet
at their hall at 1:46 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Griffith J.
Thomas. H. L. HATES, Chief Ranger.
LOUIS G. LEHONSE, Sec.
WILKINSON— In thin city. April 15, IS9B,
Thomas Wilkinson, a native of England, aged
3S years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fune-al this day
• Sunday), at 10:31 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence by 11:30 o'clock train from Twenty-
filth and Valencia streots. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
WOHLTMANN— In this city, April 14, IS9S,
John D . dearly beloved husband of Marie
C. Wohltmann. and father of Annie, John
and Adelia Wohltmann, and brother of Herr-
mann and Claus Wohltmann. Mrs. M. Matt-
feldt and Mrs. A. Reimers, a native of Ger-
many, agrd 47 years 3 months and 14 days.
A member of Norddeutscher Verein and Ger-
manla Ixidse No. 171 R. K. of H.
(CTFriend"» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from j.is late resi-
dence. 215 Clipper street, between Sanchez
and Noe. thence to Washington Hall. 35
Eddy street, where funeral services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
IMcAVOY f GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ft E>UiAL,MER3 I
20 IIFTH ST., Opp. Lincsh Sclml. |
Telephone. South SO. {■
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRF.CTORS.
41 Van Nets avu., near Market st.. San
Francisco. Telephone So. 15C.
Estab. ISSB Tel. South 47. ■
CRAIG & COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embslmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, spacious chape! for ihe us*
of oui patrons. Rubber ilres oil "iir ambulano.
KILLED IN A FIGHT.
Samuel Boody Irelan the Victim of a
Drunken Brawl on the Notori
ous Hinckley Alley.
Samuel Boody Irelnn died in the City
| and County Hospital last Friday after
j noon of hemorrlniKo and compression of
'the brain. The deceased *as a calker,
t',4 years old, and resided at 21 Hinckley
' alley.
He had been drinking heavily all day
I Saturday, the 9th iast., and was found
j lying unconscious on the floor of his
room on Sunday morning. John Ol?.>n.
who lives at the same address, told'
Policeman John Duane that Irelan had
a tight with an unknown man Saturday
evening and had been knocked senseless
i with a bottle.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
the police are working on the case.
The Liebseher Robbery.
Joe Theron. alias James Thorn, John
Winrow and George Harker, the three
men arrested for the robbery and assault
upon E. Liebseher. grocer. Mason and
Pacific streets, early Thursday morning
were arraigned in Judge Low's court yes
terday morning. By consent the cases
were continued for a week.
Insurance companks claim that cycling
Is more dangerous than travel- g "either
by railway or ship.
FAIR ART FOR CHARITY
IT Is a triumph of femininity. It was
arranged by women for the benefit
of women, and if there weren't
women's, pictures to be painted, who'd
be a portrait painter? The portrait
loan exhibition for the benefit of the
California Women's Hospital was
opened last night. All San Francisco was
there; that is. the part of San Francisco
that attends first nights, whose nature is
such that society considers them proper
functions. The portrait loan is evidently
quite the thing. Beautiful women In
Easter bonnets and spring toilettes gaze
admiringly through their gold-rimmed
lorgnettes at the beautiful painted women
upon the wall who gaz^ admiringly hack
again. And both are worth going to see,
and seem equally conscious of being part
of the show.
As to the men, they're merely adjuncts,
shadows that serve to bring out the deli
cate hues and graceful draperies of the
more gorgeous sex. And for one spec
tator who lingers before a man's portrait
there are twenty before his feminine ri
val's. Joseph Strong's portraits— even
though the subject be a man— attract
much attention. Matthews' portrait of B.
C. Samuels, Cadenasso's spirited, artistic
Piazzoni, Voss' portrait of Rudolph Neu
man are the exceptions. The exquisite
Boldini portrait of litttle Ethel Crocker,
a butterfly in gauzy blue, just lighted
upon the rose satin couch, and J. W.
Clawson's charming pastel of Miss Mary
Bell Gwin in her grandmother's pink
satin gown are the favorites.
This pastel is a beautiful bit of work
and the serious dark eyes, the slender
brows and the white forehead with the
pale pink background, framed in simple,
miniature-like fashion, make this one of
the most beautiful faces on the walls—
or off it, for that matter. Yates 1 portrait
of Miss Sullivan is an example of blonde
loveliness, an entirely different type from
Clawson's picture.
The collection of miniatures is a very
interesting one. The one loaned by Mag
a Heu ,7Tnann o f Miss Congreve, daugh-
V^nJt! v " a , mllton Fish of London is
a < osuj half dozen square inches. Tha
face is a beautiful ono. the poise of the
head and the delicate work make this
one of the gems of the collection in the
ibrary. that includes the miniature dono
in Munich In 1574 of Latham M'-Mullin and
UNCLE SAM
CHECKS MONITORS
But They Ars the Hydraulic
Ones in the Moun
tains.
Far Reaching Decision by Federal
Engineers Defining "Hydraulic
Minng "
Uncle Sam has told Californians what
"hydraulic mining" is. As hydraulic
mining was Invented in California and
here achieved Us vast development, this
may sound odd to some, but in fact the
hydraulic miners, mining engineers and
lawyers of this State have not known un
til now what the definition of the term is.
This refers mainly to the legal sense of
the term, of course, and the great im
portance of the exact legal sense of the
term. and the conflict over It that has long
raged make Uncle Sam's decision of the
')>i<-stion the most important ruling af
fecting mining interests that has come
forth for a lung time.
The ruling is announced by the Federal
engineers composing the California Debris
Commission— Colonel Suter, Major Heuer
and Lieutenant Deakyn. After months
of consideration, the commission has just
communicated to Attorney John M.
Wright, chairman of the committee on
dredging of the California Miners' Asso
ciation, the brief announcement that the
commission defines hydraulic mining to
l>e "mining by means of water delivered
under pressure through a nozzle."
.Lhis simple looking definition means
that the Federal engineers who regulate
hydraulic mining on the watersheds of
the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers,
under the Caminetti law. will assume
that that law and their jurisdiction cov
ers the washing of old tailings, of piles of
gravel tunneled out of drift mines, etc.,
li water is applied nirough a nozzle,
under pressure." This is an application
of the law against which there has been
much -opposition among the miners.
Until the Caminetti law was passed in
IW3 the term "hydraulic mining" had
never been written in a statute unless in
cidentally, and had never been fully de
iin< d by a court. The Caminetti law pro
vided that for its purposes the term
should have "the meaning and applica
tion given to said terms in said State."
This left a fine iield for study and dis
pute. A monitor playing on the side of
8 mountain was hydraulic mining plainly
enough, but between this and ordinary
siuicing In other placer mines, which the
law let alone, puzzles quickly appeared,
march 21. 1SO:{. the State Legislature de
fined hydraulic mining to be mining by
the application of water under pressure
"against a natural bank." But this defi
nition was not in existence when the
Caminetti law was approved three weeks
Im I'm !■.
Under this State definition if a miner
turned ;i gi:mt on a pilo Of Old iniliiißK
or 'Hi gravel drifted out from under lava
beds ur even on a gravel bank broken ;
down with dynamite he would nut bft
working a "natural bank." and so would
!.'•! be ci gaged In "hydraulic mining" and :
subject to tli" Caminetti law. The detini- '■
tions given by many mining authorities
have been compiled, but they vary and:
wcr<- not framed for legal use or with
the prts«-nt situation fn view. At the last
State miners' convention in Octrtber there
was a warm discussion for several hours,
over a resolution to have presented to
Congress ;>. Mil defining "hydraulic min
ing" as it has been defined by the State
Legislature, but the matter was dropped.
Uast fall the Anti-Debris Association
brought the issue up by beginning pro- j
ceedings fur the first time against drift
mines hi Nevada County using water j
under pressure on gravel taken out, but
the suits were dropped.
SOUTH OF THE CHANNEL.
Increased Activity Noticeable in the
Manufacturing District.
The coming war cry with other local
Improvements has givpn an impetus to
all branches of manufacturing on the
south sidr of the channel.
The Potrero district, with its varied in
dustrial branches, has assumed an active
phase during the past few weeks. The
Rolling Mills, whose work was almost at
a .standstill, has received some weighty
contracts for work. Among these is one
order from the San lLateo and San Fran
cisco Kailroad Company for rails for its
read from Thirtieth street to Baden, over
which a double track will be laid. This
improvement is only a continuation of
what the company has already done in
the betterment of its road within the
city limits, where the heaviest steel rails
known on street railroads have been sub
stituted for the light ones formerly laid.
Following this, the Southern Pacific
Company has ordered rails for its road
at South San Francisco, where a short
cut is being made between this city and
San Jose. To get the rails out on time
that of Marie Gordon, and a graciously
lovely Recamier loaned by Mrs. M. H. de
Young.
The ohlna and sliver have their share of
worshipers. There are beautiful pieces
of each; wonderful old Nurnberg wed
ding cups, chastely simple pieces of Span
ish sliver, historical bits from famous
European collections; among them that
of Selliere, and a delicately pink Le Boeuf
whose mate adorns le petit Trianon.
The exhibition is well arranged and
worthy of the setting, the Hopkins In
stitute affords. It is not so large that
one tires of beautiful things, and It con
tains so much that Is interesting and such
a variety of works of art— and of nature,
for both these contracts, a force of 200
men has been set to work during the
week.
At the Union Iron Works additional
hands have been put on to fit out the
Spreckels tugboats recently purchased by
the Government for use in this harbor.
This brings the working force of the yard
up to 3500 men all told.
Kniglits in Drill.
The drill corps— fifty strong, the officers
of commandery and drill corps being Immi
nent Commander J. M. Peel, Generalis
simo C. L. Patton, Captain General J. C.
Campbell, William Edwards, commandant
drill corps; J. H. Aiken. senior warden;
R. McMillan, junior warden— gave a pre
paratory -drill at the Mechanics' Pavilion
last night. Since the commandery was
organized in 1883 It has been the custom
to give an annual review and drill to the
Grand Commandery of California. This
review and drill will be given at the Me
; chanics' Pavilion on Saturday evening,
April 22. Two companies of full strength
under the command of Colonel William
j Edwards and Colonel C. H. Murphy will
pass in review and give fancy exercises
before Flight Eminent Grand Commander
of the State George D. Metcalf of Oak
land. The evolutions will be witnessed
! by Major General J. H. Dickinson, Briga
dier General R. H. Warfield, Colonel
James F. Smith, First Regiment. N. G. C.
j and will be followed by a receptidon and
i dance. By reason of the prestige of the
Golden Gate Commandery it will be an
event in social and military circles of this
city.
Stationary Engineers Entertain.
The National Association of Stationary-
Engineers held its annual entertainment
and ball lust evening in California Hall.
and, as usual, met with success. The
little hall was well crowded, and the pro
gramme for the entertainment contained
many excellent and no poor features. It
was as follows:
Vocal solo, Miss Ruth Gordon; song and
dance. "Rastus," Little Miss Zela Cook;
vocal duet. "1 Live and Love Thee," Mr.
and Mrs. W. Epperly; banjo solo. Miss
Ruth Bockius; vocal solo, "Fleeting
Days." Mrs. Helen Parrlsh; clarionet solo,
"Crocus," George. X. Parrish; specialties,
Miss Victoria Orr; violin solo. Miss Ruth
Gordon; piano trio. Professor L.. Mrs C
and Miss Violet Reynaurd; vocal solo.
Mrs. F. Bolio. Quartet, mandolin and
zither; mandolins, Misses E. Konrad and
R. Dore; zithers. Misses L. and H. Korn
meyer; recitation. M;.-=s L. Trautner.
The entertainment committee consisted
of the following members: W. T. Bonney,
H. K. Malech, George R. Parrish. Owen
Peggy, Hermann Conrad and William
Roberts.
Estates in Probate.
Ellen Waller, who died on the 15th ult..
left an estate of unknown value to her
niece. Catharine Gordon.
Daniel O'Leary. who died on the 10th
inst.. loft an estate valued at 57300 to
be distributed among his relatives.
Edward S. Jacoby, who died on the 10th
inst., left an estati valued nt $6000.
Wont to Disincorporate.
The directors of tho Co-operative Im
provement Company have petitioned the
Superior Court for permission to diss
the corporation. All of the debts of the
company have been settled.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HO FOR RICHEST GOLD FIELDS
—IN—
ALASKA.
Great Northern Steamship Go,
Will Dispatch for
!
The Fast Sailing Iron and Steel Ship
RUTH,
On or about June 1, IS9B. Will proceed directly
without stopping; at Intermediate points, and j
arrive at Sounds as soon as any vessel leaving !
earlier. ';:*V
LARGEST AHQ STRONGEST SHIP tN THIS TRADE, j
Fitted with social hall, smoking room, state
rooms, bath rooms, etc. •
Fare, including 3000 pounds baggage and
PASSAGE UP KU-BUCK RIVER, $200.
EXCURSIONIST.
Round trip from Pan ,■ Francisco, with 500
pounds baggage, with, privilege of stopping
about 60 days, $2f,0.
■ Best <of Accommodation — Stanch and Safe.
Close inspection invited.* -
- Full information call or address
J. G. McCALL, General Agent,
46 MARKET STREET, one Block from Ferry.
• San Francisco.
too, last night— that It is likely to be one
of the most successful exhibitions ever
held in San Francisco.
GREAT THEATRICAL
TRIPLE ALLIANCE
Frederick Warde, Louis James
and Mme. Rhea to
Join Forces.
They Will Tour the West in Shake
spearean and Classic
Drama.
Arthur Warde, the son of Frederick
Warde, the tragedian, who was for many
years associated with Louis James, is the
authority for the confirmation of the re
port that has been in circulation for
some time past that his father, Louis
James and Madame Rhea will next season
tour the South and West as a great triple
star combination. Mr. Warde is at pres
ent in the city in advance of Marie Jan
sen.
When interviewed relative to the ru
mor of the alliance between the two act
ors and actress, Mr. Warde said:
"Yes, it is true. Wagrenhals and Kem
per, the present managers of James, are
the promoters of the enterprise. I an.
authorized by my father to announce thin
as a fact. The company will organize
in New York next season and will tour
the West and South. The alliance is
only for one season."
When asked why the combination
would not appear in the East, Mr. Wards
replied:
"The East does not support tragedy and
melodrama, and the West does."
Warde and James are admitted to be
able representatives of the old and new
schools of Shakespearean and classic
drama, and their alliance with Mme.
Rhea v.ill be the strongest of its kind
since the days of Booth, Barrett and Mod
jfska.
Their repertoire will include "Macbeth."
"Julius Caesar," "Othello." "Hamlet,"
"Much Ado About Nothing," "School for
Scandal" and a new play to be announced
later.
Memorial Day.
At a preliminary meeting- held in the
hall of Lincoln Post, G. A. R., it was
decided to call a convention of delegates
from all the local Grand Army posts for
Eva: Every afternoon about 5 o'clock I begin to gape and
yawn and I yawn and gape and yawn till bed-time. If
I nip one yawn in the bud the next follows almost im-
mediately and is bound to be a regular jaw-breaker.
r.-AY: I had such an experience myself one time, and I re-
member asking the doctor whether one should try
to keep from yawning, and he said no, that the act of
gaping gives to the blood more oxygen and acts by
mechanical pressure on the heart and lungs. If one
has chronic gaping it is a symptom which should cause
the affected one to look 'after her general health, for
it is a sure sign that something is wrong.
MRS. Moore s It is pretty well understood that yawning is an
ailment that comes from indigestion or lack of tone in
the system and may be cured by taking a Ripans
Tabule before retiring. After a few days of this treat-
ment the tendency will disappear.
the purpose of making arranprrments for
the proper observance <*f Memorial Day
this year The representation in th«
vention will be one for i ity-flve
Will be held In Lincoln l->'^^ hall on tl-.e
evening o* the 27*h inst. The expi
of ,„.  members In this city is
in falw of a parad. before moving to
the cemeteries to decorate the graves of
the soldier di
Foresters Cslebrate.
Court Precita No. 3398. of the mdopend
ent Order of Foresters, celebrated us first
anniversary in a social and dance at
Masonic Temple on Mis-ion street, near
Twenty-fourth, last night. In an adjoin
ing hall was spread a most tempting fef.st
for the members and their Invited fnen.ld.
The programme, which Is as follows, was
faithfully carried out: Overture, Italian
orchestra; introductory remarks, H. \. C.
R., P. M. Kuss; piano solo. Thomas Now
lin: vocal duet, Messrs. T. Longworth and
R. W. Jones; whistling -solo, Cluster Irv
ing, accompa I by Gibson McConnell;
tenor solo, Thomas Nowlin; recitation,
Thomas Longworth; barytone solo, R. W.
Jones; piano solo, Mrs. J. \\>sterlund;
:>a:-s solo, William Edminster; finale,
Italian orchestra.
The success of the evening's entertain
ment was due to the good management of
the following gentlemen who had charge
of the entire affair:
Committee of arrangements. Charles
Muller, J. Grimes; reception committee,
R. W. Jones, J. Ruckert; committee 01?
programme, P. Moran. chairman; floor
committee, L. Rivara, L. Paganetti; floor
manager, Louis Wester! und, Frank Col
lins, assistant.
Collided With an Engine.
While trying to drive across the rail«
road track at Seventh and Townsend
streets last evening George Sexsmlth and
William JVicLaughli'i were thrown on
their heads by the collision of a switch
engine and the rear of th«- -'agon. Sex
smith escaped with a shaking up, while
Mclaughlin suffered bodily bruises and
an abrasion of the forehead. Ho was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, and af
ter being treated was able to go to bis
home at 27 Geneva street.
Two Libels for Wages.
H. Hanson yesterday filed a libel in th^
United States District Court against the
barkentine Leslie D for $5485 wages al
leged to be due for his services as sea
man.
A similar suit was filed in the same
court by William B. Story against the
schooner Nellie G. Thurston for $23S 65 as
wages.
In Honor of Lexington.
N>xt Tuesday the ladies of Sequoia
Chapter, Daughters of the American Rev
olution, to the number of about fifty, will
celebrate the 12od anniversary of the bat
tle of Lexington and Concord by a ban.
quet in the Occidental. The affairs will
be for members only.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free Trial to Any
Reliable Man.
"Weak Men Restored, or No
Expense for Treannent.
A Course of Remedies — mar-
vel of medical science — and Appar-
! atus indorsed by physicians will be
| sent ON TRIAL, WITHOUT AD-
VANCE PAYMENT. If not all wo
claim, return them at our expense.
£53f SCIENCE TRIMMING
X^rV_^_THE LAMPOE
MEN WHO ARE WEAK,
BROKEN DOWN, DISCOUR-
AGED. Men who suffer from tho
effects of disease, over-work, worry,
from the follies of youth or the ex-
cesses of manhood, from unnatural
drains, weakness or lack of develop-
ment of any organ, failure of vital
forces, unfitness for • marriage — all
such men should "come to the*
fountain head" for a scientifia
method of marvelous power to vital-,
ize, develop, restore and sustain..
On request we will send description
and, particulars, with testimonials,
in plain sealed envelope. (No
C. O. D. imposition or other decep-
tion.) Cut out this offer or mention
paper. Address
ERIE MEDICAL CO.. Buffalo. N. tALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TO SEEK FAME
IN FAR LONDON
Miss Ray Frank Prefers
It as a Literary
Center.
Believes In the Statement of
Joaquin Miller Made
Years Ago.
TelU Why She Thinks It Is Best
to Gain a Reputation in
Europe.
Oakland Office Fan Francisco Call,
Broadway, April 16.
Miss Ray Frank is to leave Oakland in
a few days to take up a permanent resl
h. London, and In that great city
<>w a literary career. Probably no
!i speaker and writer in California
r< r known than Miss Frank, who
la r cltve' Mt of the principles
of thfl Hebraic faith, and who has had
conferred u;.<>n her by her church honors
I by no other woman.
The distinction awarded Miss Frank at
go three years ago was equivalent
i<> tin rank of an ordained rabbi.
< >n being asked for the reason for her
pieference for London over any of the
cities of thr New World in which to en
llterary carver Mrs. Frank gave the
fol}owii - . tion:
II Is n ' so much n matter of prefer
13 London is the een
lettera for the English speaklnsr
. j. sslbly • -■ i.-s as well
-•■ literature in its highest meaning
Is univi
It is reported that years a^o Joaquln
Miller, then beginning his career aa a
poet, said he would work for recognition
In London; if hr> attained It there,
America would give it to him. Since
that time America's valuation of the
stamp of foreign recognition has greatl}'
Increased, a fact evidenced by the exo
dus Europeward of all Americans de
sirous of winning something more than
compliments for their efforts in art and
letters.
Institutionally we are democratic;
esthetlcally we defer to the Ider cul
ture.
A half century ago the number of
aspirants was smaller; furthermore, na
tional youthfulness prevented us from
seeing with unprejudiced e>vs the wis
dom of comparing ourselves with an
older •. ;ikure: therefore In he past,
home recognition was more easily won.
To-day, In addition to the facts that cur
writers are multitudinous, our oomparl
sons broader, is another, peculiarly
American and altogether detriment ii to
the interests of true art— literary neu
rasthenia— verbal sensationalism. Thli
Is particularly true of the W «t. Of
California it might be said, i lentially
she is artistically great. ; ■ i--n,i:i!< uiy.
climatically, she la a moth-r t»f artists;
unfortunately her fecu.idlty Is grei-ter
tnan her Ility to nu.t i/e. for «lid ntn t
her children attempt to fly elsewhere, all
their songs would be "swan songs."
While this a matter for regret it Ifl but
the natural result of a growth so phe
nomenal as ours, and . Ith time will rec
tify itself. Meanwhile, we who aru.born
here may congratulate ourselves for be
lriK the hell to so beautiful, so Inspir
ing a land, a land which does not deny
us the privll . of singing her praises
elsewhere.
2CEARLY BURNED TO A CRISP.
Mary Yordi Enveloped in Flames by
a Gasoline .explosion.
ALAMEDA, April 10.— Miss Mary Yordi,
J'lth'-r William
■ . was fatally burned this
• g by th<- explosion of a gasoline
tank. The unfortunate woman was wash
>me clothes in the kitchen and had
ne Btove. Sh»- turned
L 1 ::.■ Ql when the lianv)
was : Lted to the tank and the
■ i cd.
Sh< turned and saw the flames spread-
It.l: rapidly around her and was attempt
ing to Ki-t something with which to <-x
tinguish them; when she slipped and fell
and was auickly enveloped. The poor
woman is a cripple; and had been suffer
ing man} years from inflammatory rheu
matism, and was unable to escape from
her awful position. Shi lid Bhe was In
such pain thai when sh.- tried to get out
of tin.- way sho" could not move.
"I do not know how I got into the back
yard said she; when >• en by a Call
reporter at the ■ ttarium, -.. h< r she
had been taken. "1 (nk I mut hare
rolled down the back steps."
The neighbors heard her screams and
ran to htr assistance. They rolled the
woman in blankets, extinguishing the
flames, but not until her face, arms
breast and right sid< were nearly burned
to a cris] Nothing can be done fyr the
woman, and the physicians at the Sani
tarium say she cannot live through the
night.
Company G Recruiting.
AL.AMEDA. April 16.— The Call arti
cle this morning on the liability of the
National Guard being called Into active
service ha? set the soldier boys on net
tles, and they are eager for an oppor
tunity to serve their country, and hope
they will be among the first to be ordered
out. The following circular was sent out
to-day:
Armory Company G. Fifth Regiment In
fantry, N. G. C, AJameda. April 16, IS9S—
Sir: In case the above-named company is
called out on war service. it will be recruited
to Its maximum- strength of 103 officers and
men. As an ex-member you will be preferred.
Will you re-enllst? If bo, call at Armory Im
mediately and register M that you may be call
ed upon In cane the company Is summoned.
If not, c immunicate with undersigned so that
there will be r.o doubt aa lo your name. It
is rally believed that the Volunteer Na
tional Guard will participate In whatever ac
tive Service the volunteer forces render. Yours
respectfully. M. W. SIMPSON.
Captain, I'ommandlnK ' Company G.
Alameda's Insurance Too High.
ALAMEDA, April 16.— 1t has been dis
covered thai Alameda is paying about 65
more on the $i<X» for insuring the
public school buildings than is the city
kland. Th< ;■• opte here, think it a
pplicatlon has been
ird of Underwriters of the
Pacific for . , : . equal at least to
the city just across the estuary. With
one of th< ■„.,] (i re departments
»" lhe ° tut ' ■ I! ' : people do not «j»ite un
clerstanil the discrimination. The exec
mix- committee of the board la now con
sidering tti- application for reduction, and
favorabli action la expected
League of the Sacred Heart.
ALAMEDA, April 16.— The musical and
literary entertainment Riven by the
League oi the Sacred Heart at thY Ar
mory last evening was one of the rarest
treats that the music loving peopie have
had this season. Theodor Vo t orgin-
Ist and musical director of St Josenh'<*
Church, assisted by Miss Kane deserve!
great credit for the success of the affair
J. W. Irwin's Lecture.
ALAMEDA. April The illustrated
lecture at the Unitarian church by
United States Postal Inspector J w ir'
wi " of Snn Francisco was a pronounced
success. His subject was "The Nation's
Capital." and the lecture was Vive "un
der the auspices of the Alameda Teach
ers' Club, which lias given our DeoDie
(some rare literary feasts during the dvi
few months. ' t
The Municipal League.
ALAMEDA, April 16.— The next regular
meeting of the Mi/Mcipal League of Ala
meda will be held on Monday evenlmr
next. Dr. \V. K. Scott, president of the
Board of Education: W. B. Kollmyer Dr
C. P. Tisdale and Superintendent of
Schools Sullivan will address th'- meeting
on the crowded school problem.
LYNN INSANE
A LONG TIME
Six Men From Agnews
Testify of Former
Madness.
Evidence That May Bear on the
Story Related by
Griffiths.
Judge Ogden Orders the Prisoner to
Be Taken to Uklah
Asylum.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 16.
John W. Lynn la insane. This fact was
decided to-day by half a dozen of the at
tendants at Agnews Asylum, who knew
, Lynn while ho was at work at that insti
tution, and who stated that in their
opinion he has been a crazy man for a
lonp time.
This vexed insanity cn.«e was brought
up before Judge Ogden This morning, be
ing the fourth day during which ex
'■ perts and others have been contradicting
: each other over the symptoms of the
' would-be wife murderer.
Drs. Rucker and Dunn maintained that
i Lynn was shamming, and In support of
' their views they laid before the court
' some detailed accounts of their scientific
| tests. On the other hand. Drs. Barber and
Rabe, who recommended Lynn's commit
ment declared that their finding was
..met. Dr. L. F. Herrick of Stockton
Indorsed the hitters' views.
When court opened this morning five
attendants from the Agnews Asylum
staff appeared before Judge Ogden, and
their evidence was regarded as conclu
sive They all agreed that Lynn was on
the verge of insanity when he Berved at
the asylum, and they gave many interest
ing incidents in his career at that msti-
C. E. Wilson said that he was the con
fidential agent of Lynn in the asylum,
and that wnile there he wrote not less
than twenty letters to Lynn's relatives
at his dictation. The letters were so in
coherent mat Wilson knew uiev were
not the product of a sane mind. On one
occasion Lynn asked Wilson to kill him.
Lynn said:' "You are my friend. Wilson.
I "want you to kill me." 'You are
crazy," replied Wilson. "No one knows
it better than I do." replied Lynn.
.h.s.-ph Dawd said that Lynn believed
he had been frequently assaulted by his
wife with a knife in the presence <<f their
child. Lynn confided to Dawd that he
had choked his wife severely and that
he thought the best thing to do to end
his misery would be to kill the woman.
!1. W. McCabe, E. Ingraham and H. A.
Braden of Agnews all asserted that they
thought Lynn unbalanced mentally.
In ordering Lynn's commitment. Judge
Ogden said: "I confess I have grave
doubts as to the mental condition of this
man Lynn, but I am bound to place much
confidence in the testimony of these last
witnesses, who are in daily contact with
insane patients and who unanimously be
lieve this patient insane. As a general
rule, I give little, credence to a plea of'
insanity which is so suddenly made and
which is simultaneous with the commis
sion of an awful crime. Had it not been
for the testimony of these last witnesses.
I should hesitate to commit him, but
would hastily send him to the Police
Court, where trial is awaiting him. The
testimony of Drs. Dunn and Rucker had
great weight, but it is not sufficient to
overcome the preponderance of evidence
adduced this morning. Nothing remains
for me to do but to order him into the
custody of the State Hospital, and ac
cordingly I will send him to Ukiah."
GETTING AFTER
THE UNIVERSITY
Eastern Prohibitionists Fight
ing the Liquor Trade
in Berkeley.
Make Sweeping Charges Against
Faculty, "Frat-a" and the Viti
cultural Department.
BERKELEY, April 16.— New York \
Voice, which has recently been conduct-
Ing a vigorous campaign against liquor- j
drinking at Yale, has turned its guns on
the University of California. . It makes >
sweeping charges against members of the
faculty for having wagons of liquor-sell
ers stop regularly at their doors, against
student clubs and fraternities, in many of
which, the Voice asserts, liquor is used
without stint, and against the viticultural
department of the university ' *or serving
the wine and brandy business."
Berkeleyans do not deny the statement
of the Voice that liquor is delivered at
the homes of university professors. Near
ly all of the liquor business of Berkeley
la done through Oakland, and the deliv
ery of liquor in Berkeley has never been
held to be in contravention of the mile
limit law. "The whole question of pro- |
hibition is involved," declared a member
of the faculty, In regard to the Voice's ;
attack. "It is the professors' own busi
ness whether they want liquor at their j
homes or not, and the university is In no
wise involved."
The university people do not take very j
kindly to the Voice's attack. Several
weeks ago the Voice requested President i
Martin Kellogg to arrange for the distri- !
bution of its prohibition literature at
Berkeley; but President Kellogg, who is I
a Yale man and heartily disapproved the
Voice's method of attack on his alma !
mater, curtly refused. Another member j
of the faculty at Berkeley particularly i
resents the Voice's attack upon the viti- I
cultural department of the university. ,
Thp paper's criticism Is as follows: " I
M.-anwhtle the university viticultural .com
mission was allowed fisoo per year from the
pneral fund— money that would otherwise ro ;
to instruction in the art* and sciences, library, ;
labratory. eac— which to serve the wine
and brandy business.
It is confidently expected that the next I>k- !
islature will apportion at leaßt BSQO a year to
carry on the work for Bacchus that was done
Wil* y y HH e vltiru ltural Commission for
HS.OOO a year-the latter having cost the State
$221,000 in the fourteen years of Its existence. i
According to a member of the faculty !
the attack of the Voice is an attack upon
the wine Industry of California. "Viti
culture, he says, "as one of the largest
industries of the State, receives attention '
from our Agricultural Department, and
vineyardtsts as well as other agricultur
ists, receive assistance."
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 16.— Professor T
Dv Pont Syle will lecture to-morrow
evening in Stiles Hall under the auspices
of the Berkeley Unitarian Society nn
"The Lesson of the Roman Republic to
the American."
me work of laying n double track be
tween Lorin and North Berkeley alone
Shattuck avenue, is almost completed
Wnen the double track is. finished the
railroad company hopes lo facilitate
travel on the local line and to do away
with delays in the time schedule.
The latest proposed service of a water
supply for Berkeley is the Hear ( ?n ek
Falls, situated in Contra Costa County
about fix miles northeast of Berkeley * '
The North Berkeley Improvement Club
has decided to agitato vigorously ihe
question of municipal ownership of a wa
ter system.
A Workman Injured.
William Thompson. 822 Union street,
while working in a building o;j Mission
street yesterday had his left leg badly
bruised and the small bones in his foot
broken. He was removed to the Harbjr
Receiving Hospital
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
WHITE WINGS
FOR SUMMER
| The California Yacht Club
Formally Opens Its
Season.
Many Gayly Decked Craft Are
Placed on Exhibition
for Guests.
All the Fleet Will Follow the Com
" modore's Flag This
Afternoon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, i
908 Broadway, April 10.
The California Yacht Club is the first i
:of the yachting organizations to begin
work for the season of 1898. Last night
the members of the club were present in !
i force at the clubhouse on Oakland Creek,
near the Webster-street bridge. The hos
pitalitles of the club were generously ex- j
; tended to all the. visiting yachtsmen and j
i a pleasant evening was enjoyed.
The San Francisco Yacht Club was rep-
I resented by Commodore Dr. T. L.
: Hill's Cygnus (flagship), Vice-Commodore
; George T. S. White's sloop Will-o'-the-
Wisp and Louis Sutherland's Catherine, j
Sappho, formerly flagship of the Pacific '
Yacht Club, but now owned by Lewis Q. |
Haven, who was elected a member of the i
San Francisco Yacht Club at the last ;
meeting of the directors, is lying at an- i
chor in the creek.
The jinks was under the management of
Mi ssrs. Homer. E. N. Walter and S. S.
Marshall. After opening remarks by !
: Commodore J. Lancaster and Yon
; Schmidt the following programme was i
■ rendered: Solo, E. N. Johnston; trom- !
bone solo, J. Laughland; tenor solo, Jules
Simonsen; Mist Quartet; recitation. Harry '
Gray, and banjo solo, Mr. Simonsen. I
After an intermission for clam chowder
and a piano solo by Thomas Bennett !
! came a short piece "entitled "A Boxing
Master's Troubles." A vocal solo by Mr.
: Brooks, specialties by George Ryan, solos '•
by K. 8. Dowdle, Arthur Beeman and' Mr.
Armstrong, banjo selections by Messrs.
Black and S. P. Bal»cock brought an en
tertaining programme to a close.
The following yachts of the California
Club are already in commission: Allen
M. Clay's Sea Fox, R. R. l'Hommedieu's i
Phoenicia. Verona, K. N. Walter and J.
Lancaster's Kmbla and U and 1.
A MAN DIED
IN HIS ARMS
Bishop Rowe Sends News of
the Hardships Existing
in Skaguay.
Union Hospital Started That Needs
Funds to Carry on Its
Wfcrk.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 16.
Bishop Rowe of the Episcopal Church, j
who is at present in Alaska, has writ-
ten to Rev. F. J. Mynard, rector of St.
John's Church, a letter making an appeal
for help which will be read to the congre
gation to-morrow. The letter says in
part:
The people of Skaguay have been forced to
start an emcrgenry hospital, railed a union.
The need of it beggars description. It has
j aided and relieved many cases of the greatest
distress. The people have responded to the j
: cries and appeals to their humanity nobly.
Impressed with the importance of the lnsti
; tutiun the representatives of the public have
i asked me to take charge of it. and I have done
I It. They have transferred it all Into our hands.
! The emergency hospital is a simple ln B cabin
I thirty feet long and eighteen feet wide. One
room on the ground floor answers for kitchen
and cots; one room above, which is but the
half story or attic. In this room 1 found twelve
cots, and ten of them were occupied by men
in all stages of pneumonia and meningitis
Yesterday, while visiting it, a young man was
I brought in from the summit, eighteen miles
S on a sled, tied on to keep him from rolling off
; draggt*! over rocks and through mud ail the
j distance.
Last night I was with a man, who died in
my arms, from New Hrunswick, telling me
what to say to his father and mother and sls
. ters. It was a most sad, most pitiful sight
If the sickness li going to increase the a'n
i peal to our humanity cannot be ignored The
sick are absolutely friendless, helpless and
without a hospital would simply die by the
j way. We have one woman nurse, two men
and a cook in charge. The Skaguav doctors
! are attending for little or nothing, as' expenses
permit.
We must build an addition— only of an In
expensive and temporary character. I am *o
lng to begin this immediately. The present ac
commodation is totally inadequate and unsuit
able.
We have assumed a great responsibility but
it Is an opportunity most Important. What I
want is this: Telegraph those facts to head
quarters, church papers, to any of our rirh
, church people and to Miss Emery, and say
we need money at once to carry on this work.
High School Aegis Election.
OAKLAND April ll— The Bemi-annual
: election of officers for the Aegis the hitrli
' school paper, will take place next
Wednesday afternoon. The candidates
are: Editor-in-chief, Frank NightinKill
who Is a "non-frat"; first associate Wal
i ter Burpee; second associate, Thomas
! Quayle and Roger Checkering, the latter
j a "frat"; third associate, Miss Zoe Acker
i man and Miss Grace Dawson; fourth as
| sociate, Julia Summers; president, Charles
: Harris and Albert Robinson; vice-presi-
I dent, Anthony Cadogan; secretary, Clar-
I ence A. Wills and John Dlbert; treasurer
Raymond Jones; business manager Ray
McCargar and George Lowry. The only
light Ik between the fraternity and non
traurnlty element, and it will pfobablv
j be an overwhelming victory for the lat
i ter.
Catholic Truth Society.
OAKLAND, April 16.-Rev. P. F Yorke
will deliver an address before the as
sembly to-morrow afternoon at St Fran
cis Hall, at 3 o'clock. The meeting Is for
the purpose of organizing a brancu of the
Catholic Truth Society in this city The
aim of the organization is to disseminate
correct views regarding Catholic doctrine
and the duties of Catholics both with re
spect to their fellow citizens and to the
nation. This will be accomplished by
means of public lectures, writings and
conventions at stated Intervals, which
will be carried out by Catholic laymen
and women, as well as by the pastors of
the various churches of that denomina
tion.
Christian Endeavor tallies.
OAKLAND, April 16.— Leonard Merrill
1 president of the California Christian En
deavor Union, arrived in the city to
nijsht and will address two rallies to
i morrow. The first will be held at the
; First Congregational Church at 3 o'clock
where there will be a ~athering of th<>
I Endeavorers in the central portion of the
city. At 5 o'clock a gathering will be
i held in the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, for the East Oakland young peo
ple. The coming State Convention will be
the theme, with definite announcement
as to entertainment, rates, programme
! and other matters of interest.
Repair of Streets.
OAKLAND, April 16.— A. L. Stone, sec
retary of the Haywards electric line, will
have to answer in court for the failure
of his company to keep Broadway in re
pair where their tracks cross It at Thir
teenth street. Superintendent of Streets
Miller swore to a complaint to-day which
will bring the matter before the courts.
Annexation Again in Question.
OAKLAND. April 16.— The suspense
over the validity of the recent annexa
tion is to be prolonged indefinitely. To
day Attorney General Fitzgerald filed a
motion for a new trial in the case set
tled by Judge Hall, giving a decision in
favor of the city. The insufficiency of
evidence to justify the decision; errors
in law occurring at the trial and except
ed to by the plaintiff, and because the
decision'of the court Is against the law.
are the grounds given for this move. If
a hearing is refused on the bill of excep
tions it will be appealed to the Supreme
Court.
JUDGE ALLEN ' EXPLAINS.
His Decision Only Partially Kills the
the Pool Ordinance.
OAKLAND, April 16.— Judge Allen says
that his decision dismissing the pool sell
ers from custody yesterday does not in
validate the whole ordinance, but only
the portion prohibiting persons from re
ceiving money to bet on the races. He
holds that the cigar men only act as
stakeholders for the race track gamblers
when placing their money on the races.
The judge says that the dismissals were
made with the consent of Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Moore. Mr. Moore is of
the opinion that the ordinance is entirely
knocked out. Its main purpose was to
prohibit the existence of pool rooms
where money was received by the agent
to place on races at the track, and a3
this is the section declared invalid, the
whole ordinance practically falls to the
ground.
Stricken Blind in the Night.
OAKLAND. April 16.— The case of a
woman in the East who was reported
this week as having gone to bed at night
with good eyesight and woke in the
morning to find herself blind, has a par
allel in East Oakland in F. Schimmel
pfennig, a well-known capitalist. He
aw >kt* Tuesday morning about 4 o'clock,
and not seeing the light that usually
burns all night he roused his wife to
learn why the light was out. When told
that it was burning he realized that his
sight was gone. He lives on Shuey ave
nue, Frultvale.
Refused to Appoint Mrs. Price.
OAKLAND, April 16.— Judge Ellsworth
refused to appoint Mrs. Louisa E. Price as
executrix of the will of her late husband.
Elijah Price, who died in Berkeley Oc
tober 5, IW, but appointed C. P. Gibbon,
the sole executor. In doing this the court
stated that there was no doubt in his
mind that Mrs. Price had attempted to
commit fraud by hiding the will which
favored the others at her" expense, and
she was not a proper person to handle
the estate.
The Child Pianiste.
OAKLAND, April 16.— Little Paloma
Schramm, the wonderful child pianiste
and composer, who has created such a
great impression wherever she has been
heard, will give two recitals in the Uni
tarian Church, Fourteenth and Castro
streets, in this city, one on Tuesday oven
ing and the other at a matinee Wednes
day at 3:30 o'clock. She will be assisted
by Florence Scarborough, contralto, of
Los Angeles.
VAURAKY'S CAPTURE.
Learned Officer Arrests Two School-
boys for "Assaulting" Him.
Officer P. G. Vauraky. the gifted lin
guist of the Police Department, won new
laurels tor himself last night by captur
ing two 15-year-old school boys who im
pugned his nationality. The brave police
man guards the property of citizens in
the Western Addition, and while patrol
ing his beat, memorizing a new language,
he came upon Willie K. Morris and Solo
mon Rubin playing about the street.
He ordered them to quit their rollick
ing:, and upon their refusal made a rush
and caught them both. He dragged the
youngsters to a patrol box and informed
Lieutenant Birdsell that he "vanted de
patroolawagen." "With a sigh Driver
Murphy drove for many blocks into the
fog district, blessing the policeman for
the hill climbing he encountered.
Vauraky told the officer who accom
panied the wagon that the boys had in
sulted him and to place a charge of com
mitting a nuisance and assaulting an offi
cer against them. With these serious
crimes against thorn the youngsters were
removed to the City Prison. Desk Ser
geant Bidwell had to bend over his desk
t'> Bee them, and was surprised to he;w"
that they had assaulted a minion nf the
law. Thinking there was some mistake.
he Informed Lieutenaiit Birdsell, and tho
latter detailed Sergeant Blank to find
Vauraky and see how badly injured he
was. Instead at me^tiner a dilapidated
officer, Blank found Vauraky nursing his
wounded feelings. In three or four lciii
guages he tried to explain to his superior
how he was insulted. After admonish
ing him not to be over-sensitive in future,
Blank returned to headquarters just in
time to see the school boys being released
for their grave offense.
A PIONEER GOES TO REST.
Last Sad Rites Over the Body of
Arthur B. Stout.
The gray-haired members of the Society
of California Pioneers assembled in their
hall yesterday afternoon to participate
in the last solemn rites over the body of
Dr. Arthur Breese Stout, one of the old
est members, and a man who, in his
long residence here, endeared himself to
all with whom he came in contact.
The impressive services were read by
Rev. S. H. Willey, who, with Dr. Stout,
embarked on the steamer California at
Panama on February 1, 1549. Cholera was
raging on the isthmus at that time, and
shortly after the vessel cleared away it
broke out among the passengers. With
scarcely an hour's rest and no reward
■aye that from the knowledge of doing
good to his fellow men. Dr. Stout worked
night and day among the plague stricken
pasengers, and so succesful was he in his
efforts that not one life was lost on the
trip.
Arriving in this city he at once opened
up the practice of medicine and for years
was one of the leading physicians in the
<ity. About ten years ago, however, he
lost his sight as the result of a surgical
operation, and being thus deprived of the
means of earning a livelihood he became
In very straitened circumstances, until
his friends, learning jf migfortunf,
had him removed to St. Luke's Hospital!
where he remained until the time of his
death.
The remains were taken to the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, where they were
cremated in pursuance with the last
wishes of the deceased.
Fought Over a Woman.
Joe Marshall and Alex Spear became
involved in a row with Martin Smovich
early last night, and in the course of a
rather heated argument Smovich was
struck in the face by one of the men.
This settled matters for the time being',
and the injured man went home. The
other two, however, continued making
the rounds, and after having imbibed a
sufficient quantity from the cup that
Cheen felt in the humor of totally an
nihilating Smoylch. They called on him
at his boarding-house and again assault
ed him. He then picked up a soda water
bottle and struck Spear in the head with
it, inflicting an ugly wound on the fore
head. The three men were taken to the
California-street station and locked up
An Editor Married.
E. E. Curtis, night editor of the Asso
ciated Press, who is well known in Jour
nalistic circles, was quietly married on
last Tuesday evening to Miss Laura Mc-
Donough, an attractive brunette The
ceremony was performed at the home of
the bride's sister, Mrs. C. R. Trapo by
Rev. J. N. Beard, pastor of Grace Meth
odist Episcopal Church. The wedding was
private, only a few friends, besides rela
lives, being present. The bride was
handsomely attired in cream-colored silk
and carried a bouquet of white ro^es
After the ceremony a dinner was served
and later on the newly wedded couple de
parted to their own home.
Suicide of a Porter.
Otto Schwarke, a porter at the Del
Monte Hotel until a short time ago, com
mitted suicide at his room. 114 Fourth
street, yesterday afternoon, by taking
strychnine. He had roomed at the place
three days, and his dead body was found
by Justin Carroul, the proprietor of the
house. Schwarke was seen at the saloon
of Jacob Rumetsch yesterday morninK
and a barkeeper who waited upon him
said that he was under the Influence of
liquor. He was about 32 years old and
was a brother of William Schwarke of
the firm of Kuhls & Schwarke.
A Child Run Over.
About 3:30 yesterday afternoon the
two-year-old daughter of Mrs. Critten
den, residing at 236 Hickory avenue was
run over by a vegetable wagon driven by
a careless boy, and had her skuil irac
tured. The little one was conveyed Into
the house, and the physician attending
her fears for her recovery.
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES
Emmanuel Baptist, Twenty-third and
lett streets.
Rev. J. G. Gibson
"Divine Gentleness." Evening—
an With the One Talent."
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods -
"Every Man Casts a Shadow."
— "Some One Is Calling You."
Even
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
Steiner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
[orning— "The Transfiguration."
"Shall Cuba Be Free?"
Evening-
Catholic Seamen's Institute, 9 Mission st.
Paulfs: Fathers
and instruction.
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent
[ornlng— High mass and sermon. Even-
ing—Vespers and benediction of the
blessed sacrament.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher
;— Sermon by Rev. Father Childs.
lg— Sermon by Father Carrahcr.
Even:
Our Lady of Vtctorles, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marlst Fa t hers
r— Sermon and high mass. • Even-
'espei-s and benediction.
ing-
Church of Corpus Chrlstl, Alemany
Croke streets.
Salesian Fathers
[orning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Sermon and benediction.
Holy Cross, Scott and Eddy street*.
Father McGinty
[orning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers and benediction.
St. Brigid's, Van Ness avenue and
way.
Father Cottle
■High mass. Evening— Vespers and
Lion.
St. Dominic's, Steiner and Bush streets.
Father Pius
lorning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— \ espers and benediction.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
Btreet.
Jesuit Fathers
lornlng^"lVace." by Father Burkard.
Evening— "The Resurrection of the Body,"
by Father Calzia.
St. Peter and Paul's, Filbert and
streets.
Saleslan Father 3
[orning— Sermon and high mass.
—Vespers and benediction.
Evening
St. Joseph's, Tenth and Howard streets.
Father Scanlan
High mass. Evening— Vespers and
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte
Father Browne
[orning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Vespers and benediction of the
blessed sacrament.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near
Father Gray
lorning— High mass and sermnn. After-
noon—At 4 p. m., confirmation. Evening
—Vespers and benediction.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly
[ornlng— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers and benediction.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness a
and O'Farrell street.
Father Prendergast, V. G
[ornlng— Sermon by Rpv. E. P. DempFpy.
Evening— Sermon by Rev. C. A. Ramm.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Shotweli
streets.
Father Cummings
lorning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Sermon, benediction and vespers.
St. Mary's, California and Dupont
I'aullst Fathers
g— Sermon by Rpv. Father Otis.
Ing— Sermnn. benediction and vespers.
Our Lady of Guadalupe, Broadway, neai
Mason street.
Father Santandreu
[nrntng— Sermnn by Father Vllldomat.
Evening— Sermon by Father Snntandreu.
Vesper*, benediction and procession of
little children.
Presentation Convent,
streets.
Ellis and
Catholic Sisters
:30 p. m— Annual reunion of the Sacred
Heart Presentation Convent.
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Father Lynch
[orning— High mass and sermon.
—Vespers and benediction.
Evening
West Side Christian,
Pevisadero.
Bush street.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
[nrnlng— "Lions."
Supper."
Evening— "The Lord"?
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett
near Twenty-fifth.
Rev. W. C. Pond
[ornlng— "The Snored Passion for Soul
Snving." Evening — Sermnn by Rev. N. C.
Whlttlesey of New Haven, Conn.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
lorning— "l>t Love Up Without Dissim-
ulation." Eveninjr — "Ye Know N«*t What
Shall Be on the Morrow."
.
First Congregational,
Etreete.
Post
and
Rev. G. C. Adams j
[nrninp— "The Influence of the Past."
Evening— "A Tree Planted by the Rivers
of Water."
.■■•-.:\ -: .
. ... . ..-.
Olivet Congregational,
Noe streets.
Seventeenth
Rev. H. T. Shepard
by Rev. H. C. French,
i by same.
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherington
[nrnlng— Sermon by F. B.
Evening — Special devotion.
Cherington.
Richmond Congregational, Seventh a'
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coorobe
;— "The Transfiguration."
lat 1? the Church For?"
Evening
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. W. Rader
[ornlnfr— "The Virtue of Dissatisfaction."
Evening— "The War With Spain."
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Rev. J. Emery
[ornlnsr — Usual Sunday service.
Sermon by the pastor.
Evening-
Good Samaritan Mission, Second and
som streets.
Rev. W. I. Kip
[orning— Sermon and religious ceremony.
Evening— Choral service.
Grace Church,
streets.
California and
Rev. W. Foute
[ornlng— Sermon and religious services.
Evening — Sermnn by the pastor.
St. Luke's Episcopal, Van Nes3 avenue
Clay street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
g— Sermon and religious m.-structinn.
ing— Sermon.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
bert streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
[orning — Communion service.
Sermon and instruction.
Evening—
Trinity Church, Bush and Gough streets.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
lornlng— Communion service. Evening— Ser-
mor and Instruction.
Church of the Holy Spirit, 2127 Ja<
street.
First Kngllsh Lutheran. Geary street
Gough.
Rev. O. C. Miller
[nrning— Sermon,
instruction.
Evening— Sermon
and
Rev. E. Nelander
-"Abide With Us."
king's Gardens."
Evening-
Emmanuel Evangelical,
near Market.
Twelfth
Rev. P. W. Fischer
"The State of the Unsaved."
—"The Sin of Acnan."
First Prpsliyterian, Van Ness avenue
Sacramento street.
Rev. K. Mackenzie
loriiinp— Sermon. Afternoon — Christian
Doctrine. Evening — Sermon and instruc-
tion.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth
and Railroad avenue.
Rev. H. N. Bevier
"The Ethics of Strength." Even-
ow to Grow."
ing—'
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third
Capp streets.
Rev. A. N. Carson I
[nrning— "The Object, Benefits and Privi-
leges of Prayer Meeting." Evening— "The
Lord's Prayer."
■
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphlll
by Warren H. Landon.
•
St. Paul's, California street,
Rev. W. Reilly
[ornlng — "The Journey to Emmaus."
Evening— "Why Seek Ye the Living
Among the Dead?"
Westminster Presbyterian, Webster
Page streets.
and
Rev. S. S. Cryor
.1 sermon by Major Hilton,
same.
Central Methodist,
Sixth.
Mission street.
Rev. C. E. Locke
lorning— "The Heavenly Vision." Evening
—"The Cruelty and Anachronism of War."
Simpson Memorial, Hayes and
streeU.
Rev. J. Stephens :
lorning— "The Aftermath of the Resur-
rection. " Evening— Sermon by Rev. Lee
of Reno.
Bethel African M. E., Powell street.
Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
lornlng— "The Grn^p of God In the Con-
quests of Men." Evening — Young People's
meeting.
Native Sons' Hall, Mason street, near
James B. Davenport
p. m.— "The Promises to Him That Over-
cometh."
First Unitarian,
streets.
Franklin
and
Rev. H. Stebblns
[orning— Strangers
Sermon omitted.
welcome.
Evening—
Second Unitarian,
streets.
Twentieth and
Rev. A. J. Wells
"The Eternal Presence."
tie Social Problem."
ing— 1
Y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets.
Major George E. Hilton
p. m. — "Soul Poison."
St. Dominic's Academy,
Twenty-fourth streets.
Guerrero
Chaplain
ervlces in honor of the secon.i Sunday
after Easter.
Howard Presbyterian, corner Oak and
ker streets.
Rev. F. R. Farrand
L a. m. — "Where Are the Nine?" 7:45 p. m.
— "Holy Angels," being fourth sermon In
series on "The Other World."
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William J. Bernard to Francis E. M. Benard,
lot on NE corner of Page and Flllmore streets,
N 100 by E 25; $6. v^ '. '
Mathew McGowan to Mary A. Crichton, .lot
on SE corner of Nlnetenth and Valencia
Btreets, S6oby E SO; $10. 
Rose Dugan to Christina Anderson, lot on SW
comer of Twentieth and Hampshire streets, W
25 ny S 10° * $5
Christine' Anderson to Claus and Elzabeth
Tledemann, same; $SSO. Glsella Glampollnl. lot
Felice Glampolinl to Glsella Giampolini, lot
on N line of Filbert street, 141 \V of Dupont
street W 24 by N 120, together with the right
of way over alley commencing 141 feet W of
Dupont street and 120 M of Filbert, N 17:6 by
Estate lf Timothy J. Giblln (by John Part
rlaire and Kobert Day (executors) to Louis
Cranz lot on SE corner of . Leavenworth and
Clay streets. R 100 by S 35:6: $12,250.
Maria T. Malson to California Title Insurance
and Trust Company, lot on S line o( Bush
street, 137:6 W of Leavenworth, W 2.:6 by S
13 jiftin and Annie L. Wright to John Me-
Adoo, lot on SE line of Tehama street, 132
SW of First, SW 26 by SE 73; $10.
Charles J. and Josephine M. Parsons to
James C Robinson, lot on NE : line of Zoe
street. 200 NW of Brannan, NW 25 by NE
<sjames5 james C. Robinson to Josephine M. Parsons,
"^wfliiarn" J. Bernard to John F. and Francis
E M Bernard, lot on NE line of Oak Grove
avenue, 150 SE of Harrison street, SE 75 by
NjlhtipbN jlhtipb Barry to Margaret M. Barry, lot on
8 Hn^ of B sTreet. 120 E of West Thirty-first. S
199:1 by E 60, lot 3, block 35. Pleasant View
"jaSl&ss^to Sarah M. Frichette, lot on NE
corner of Montlcello and Shields streets, E 25
by N 100, lot 8, block 10, City Land Associa
1 Fanny Burnell to Frederick B. Burnell and
W M EdKell, lot on S cornir of G street and
Ninth avenue. SW 200. SE 225. NE 100. NW 75.
NE 100. SW 150. lots 7 to IL, block 191, South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
° Forre'st 8. and Effle L. Rowley to Rowley
Investment Company, lots 12 to 44, block &3,
lots 23 to 38, block 78, and entire block 94,
Stanford Heights block 118, Sunnyside addi
tion No. 1; $10.. ' -■'vif.3
Alameda County.
H C and Mary E. Morris to Ervin S. Chap
man lot on E line of Filbert street, 15J.17 S
of West Sixteenth, S 50 by E 123, block 594,
Galindo Tract. Oakland: $10.
Mary Lellah Yarde-Buller to E. H. Walte
niiin (trustee), undivided 1-3 of following: Block
135 block 200, lot 200, beginning at a point
where the center line of Ninth street divid
ing the marsh from the dry land and running
8 along the line dividing the marsh land from
the dry land: thence S to N line of Seventh
street, E to patent line of Vicente Peralta or
San Antonio Rancho; thence N to a point
where the center line of Ninth street extend
ed B Intersects the said patent line; thence W
to beginning, containing .91 of an acre and be
ing contiguous to and E of blocks 200 and 201,
suniert to certain conditions, Oakland; $1.
Eltsha Lambert to Loretta W. Lambert. lot
on NW line of Sixth avenue, 100 NE of East
Eighteenth street. NE 100 by NW 150, block
104, Clinton, East Oakland; also lot on the N
corner of Fifth avenue and East Ninth street,
NE 70, NW 105, NE 35, NW 35, SW 105, SE 140,
to beginning- of block 8, Fame; gift.
A. J. and Anna E. Samuel to H. B. Griffith,
lot on S line of Charming Way. 250 W of Ful
ton street, W 50 by S 150, block 3, Property
College Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees for
William and Lllllas McCrindle) to San Fran
cisco Savings Union, 506 d 433, lot on S line
of Short street, 105 :7H W of Pine, W 25 by S
100:4%, block 36, Map of Lands Oakland Point
Ferry Landing, trustees" deed, Oakland; $475.
James A. Waymfre. W. Rigby Jr., Julia M.
ana J. J. Raver and Joseph Mcc (by commis
sioner) to Alameda Savings Bank, lot on N
line of Buena Vista avenue. 325 W of West
Walnut street, W las by N 3GO, Alameda; $6214.
A. A. and Annie J. Moore to B. H. Griffiths,
lot on W line of San Pablo avenue, 50 S of
Curve street, S 60 by W 100, block B, Grove
tract, Oakland; also lot on W line of San Pablo
avenue. 100 S of Curve street, W 100 by S 37:6,
E 24:84, thence at right angles to San Pablo
avenue, 74 to San Pablo avenue. N 60 to be
ginning block B, same, Oakland; $10.
B. H. Griffith to A. A. Moore, same (2 pieces,
Oakland: $10.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees for
Louis F. Dunand) to San Francisco Savings
Union, 608 d 69, lot on SE line of Eighth ave
nue, 75 NE of East Twenty-third street, N~E
75 by SE 100, block 144, Clinton, trustees 1 deed
East Oakland; $1090.
Jane E. Cordery to Eliza Spencer, lot on SE
corner of Calais and Ward streets, E 92 by
S 135. block C. subdivision Smith's subdivision
Mathews Tract, subject to a mortgage for
$20<). Berkeley: $10.
Henry P. Heagerty to David M. Heagerty.
lot on NE corner of Prospect avenue and East
Fourteenth street. 56 by 120:10, being lot 1,
block A. Daly Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10*.
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS.
David Dangers (owner) with Campbell & Pet
tus (contractors), architects. Newsom & Meyer
All work except electrical work, concrete work
grading, concrete steps, furnace, etc., for a
2-story frame building with attic and base
ment on NW corner Jackson and Lvon streets
W 34:44 by N 127:5V4: 5J345. ' »«•«««,
Mrs. Elizabeth A. McConl (owner) with Duf
fey Bros, (contractors), architect. Edward R.
Swain. Plumbing, gas- fitting and tiling for
a 3-story and basement frame building on N
line of Fell street. 156;3 W of Lott. W 25 by
N 137:6. WA 653; J1035. *
William Bogen (owner) with John Furness
(contractor), architects, Havens & Toepke. Re
moving old material, fixtures, etc.. brick work.
Iron work, - sidewalk lights, . repairing part of
concrete sidewalk, carpenter work, all bar
fixtures, etc.. wood -flooring, marble work,
hardware, wrought Iron and brass work, art
glass, glazing, etc., to "Louvre" in basement
of a S-story brick building on N\V corner of
Powell and Eddy streets, W 150, N 75, E 75,
S 10, E 75, S 65; $10,650.-
Same with Duffey Bros, (contractor*), archi
tects, same. .. Gas fitting and plumbing for
same on same: $1800. ■ , . , :
Same with Mangrum & Otter (contractors),
architects,, same. Concrete flooring, marble
work, tile flooring and tile wainscoting for
same on same; $6250. .
Same : with J. P. McMurray (contractor),
architects, same. Furnishing and setting in
place of the decorative plaster work for same
on same, $2000. ■• ■•  ..
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W H Edwards, Suisun E C Mcßeavey. Stnfd
Q Lingo, Birds Landg G A Van Hambark &
W R Guy, San Diego w, N V
F W Herington & w, D W Burchard&w, S J
Ogden W D Nutter, Stockton
A Wood. Denver Mrs Cunningham. Vail
1> I. Clifton* w, Colo E C Ebsen. Martinez
P Haskins&w, Merced J X Graves, San Jose
J W Touler, S Clara S J Ruylen. Ft Jones
J Kirk)arM. Amador C M Weatherwax Stn
J T Littlefleld. Sonoro E W Steinmetz, S Jos
W P Mathews, Sacto S Frankenheim, Stktn
R R Veale. Martinez P M Bain. Visalia
3 D Wittenmeyer, Mtz J D Adams, Boston
A M La Rue Jr, Sacto Dr Faulkner. Salinas
J G Wright&w. Berk,}! Morris, Los Angeles
I Cohen, Sacto C E Hale. Los Angeles
F Rlgned, Paris Mrs W E Whitman
J M Brooks, L Ang i Mass
J A Welch. Pa \V g Whitman. Mass
W Snyder. Colo I Mrs W P Whitman, Mb
M C Marsh, L Ang Miss Brockton. Mass
J F Carr Jr. Belmont ]L Richmond, Mass
J A Mullack. Stanford i Mrs Richmond. Mass
C H Crawford, Stnfr.iC F Hutchinson. Stktn
C w Gallard, Angelc F Wilkinson, Stockton
S h g° ul , ter - £ cv C Oetsinger. Mich
\\ \ Ruckin. Texas S Melick. Pasadena
W P Dwyer, Sacto !P Sparhawk, Yountvl
PALACE HOTEL.
S Joseph. Cincinnati Miss M Somers. Boston
8 W llmot. Canada J Dewar, London
Miss Moore, Canada Mrs Dewar. London
Miss Wot>d, Canada Mrs. liicketts Wash
Mrs Burehard. N V Mrs. Hitchcock. Wash
F H Hubbaxd. NY F Buck, Vacaville
E- ard - Nevad * , Mr ? «uek. Vacaville
\\ H Cruae & v. Cal C Hutching. Boston
M Foley, St Paul R Garvey Los Angel
J A Chaustor, L Ang J Orukshank V V
W Vreeland, L Ang E W Pingree. Detroit
F P Fay. L Ang W G Blatt, Derolt
R A Graham, Portland Mrs Farnsworth Bos
L Rose, NY B Olsen & w Saeto
W Lehman, Phila Dr Conner, Hollister
S Durepe. Nevada \V Dudley, Stanford
E de Golyer, L Ang C Drake. Tucson
Mrs Craftier & s, N V Mrs Drake, San Mateo
W McKay. Boston Miss Drake, Mills Coll
Mrs McKay, Boston Miss Pearl. Mills Coll
G II Somers, Boston IW Tucker, N V
Miss A Somers, Boiitoa If Adams. Sacramento
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J W" Hughes. Sacto I L R Bruce, Boston
Mrs Luce. London H Macbeth, N V
A Brooks, Stockton Mrs T Castle, Stockton
F Bane, S Rosa W D Davis. Cal
Mrs Partridge, Oaklnd P C Turner, Pomona
Mrs Pierce. Oakland j Miss Johnson, N V
E Conn, Oakland Miss Mervllle. N V
F Juhnson. BenU-ia |R J Bruce, Boston
N McKenna. Oakland jDr Warner. Livermore
J Smith. Cal i Mrs <Warner,Llvermore
W Btadaker. Tampa F P Baum, S Rosa
W Adams, Chicago J P Diggs, Woodland
E Johnson, Cincinnati E J Caldwell, Chicago
G Cooper, Boston
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Smith, Cal C Fohrman. Martinez
R P Brown, Prescott J Bailey, Fresno
F Marshall. Delano O Kansen, Cal
A Davis, Mojave J M Baxter. Los An*
J F Roberts, Fresno M Scranton. Mich
FTV Delhi, Oakdale D Gutld, Carson
R De Lange, Los Angi H P Grace, N T
G B Allen. Cal F L Thompson Cal
Mrs J D Boyle, Chgo G W Curie, Cal
P Maxwell, S Joae H Hamilton, OUio
1516
CAUGHT THE
"GAS" BURGLAR
IN HER ROOM
lAlss Ellen Duane, a Plucky
Domestic, Captures a
Bold Crook.
Beat Him in His Desperate Fight
for Liberty and Held Him
Until the Police
Arrived.
A notable capture was made yes
terday. It involved special daring
on the part of the lady captress; a
mystery finally solved as to the iden
tity of the captive, and. last, the suc
cessful running down of an insidious
ly dangerous kind of a burglar — no
less than the bogus "gas inspector,''
who has been preying for weeks upon
unsuspecting householders on both
sides of the bay.
Ellen Duano, a pretty and plucky do-
3LARENCE GARLAND, the "Gas Burglar," and His Plucky Captors.
ineptly in tho employ of E. S. Rothchild.
at 2108 Jacks. m street, caught a burglar
yesterday. It was a burglar the police
have been hunting for several weeks with
their most skilled detectives, and it was
n great satisfaction to them to have the
man in custody, even though a woman
handed him over t<> them a prisoner. Miss
Dnane had a lively tussle with her cap
tive- before he surrendered, and she held
him fully half an hour until a policeman
arrived. In the fight with the burglar for
Bupremacy Miss Duane nearly choked the
life out of the mini, who struggled with
her for freedom, and when she gave her
prisoner over to the police the burglar
was without a collar or tie. His shirt
band had be<»n torn and all the buttons
of his vest were scattered over the floor.
His coat was ripped up th<- bark and be
was a physical wreck. "When the police
man arrived he had given in to the supe
rior Btrength <>( his captor and he was
sprawled on the door, tearful to move.
Miss Duane was a modest heroine when
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eozema All Over Head and Faoe.
Two Doctors, No Benefit.
Tried CUTICURA REMEDIES
with Rapid Cure.
I was troubled several years with cutaneous
diseases which developed into chronic Ec-
zema, which spread all orer my bead, and
down on my face. I took medical treatmout
from two doctors and received but little re-
lief. Then I tried several lotions, etc., which
■wo bad in the store, but only received littlo
relief from them. At times, the dieadful
Itching becamo almost intolerable. When I
was heated, the Eczema became painful, and
almost distracted me. 1 was advised to try
Cuticcra Remedies and (lid so, and found
them all that is claimed for them. The Ecze-
ma rapidly disappeared, and I am well, with
no trace of any cutaneous disease. Shall
aiwavs recommend Cuticura to all.
J. EMMETT REEVES,
Feb. 22, '98. Box 125, Thorntown, Ind.
Baby Scratched Continually
Our babe, two months old, broke out in sores
over her faco and cars. She seemed to be in
treat misery, and would scratch continually.
I noticed your advertisement in our homo
paper, and supposed it would be a pood thing
for our Sadie. I used tho Cuticura (oint-
ment) and Cuticura Soap, and they were a
jrreat benefit to her. I did not like togivo
medicine inwardly to a child so young, but
saw that she must have something to drive the
dtooaM out, bo I pot a bonle of Cuticura
Uksolyknt, tonnrify her blood, and pave her
about ono third of tho bottle, ai:d your medi-
cines have done wonders for her. ■
Mrs. LOUISA. ACKEUMAN, Tiffin, lowa,
Peb. io, i&iB.
; Crrtrvr.x P.KMKDtcanre the purest, nr»etest. and mo«t '
Elective tkin cures, bl'<xl purifli-rs. and humor rrnif die*
»er compounded, and appeal with irresistible force to
noihcr». nurpes. «i'l all having the care vf children
• iffllcleil w**h .kin and M-»!p liuim.'i, with lot* of hair.
Cures mMc in cblldhooU are •peed/, economical, uid
permanent.
■ Sold throuehmit the world. .Pottib Dura awd Cbim.
Co»r., bole I'ropi., Uo-tnn.
I mm- •• Uuwto Core Tsrturirg Skin DUeuea," frt*.
she told of the capture. She la a sistrr
ol Policeman Morris Imam?, and she said
she was simply holding up the family
reputation for capturing offenders of the
law.
"There was a shoe peddler at the back
door trying to sell Katie McGivney, the
housemaid, a pair of sinus." she said. "I
h;i<l bought .i p.iir from him a few days
previously, and the kind he was trying to
sell her were n<>i the same nor as pood as
he had given me. To convince him of
that I went to my room to get them and
show him the difference. When I opened
the door I noticed a rocking chair near
the foot of the b»-d moving. I thought it
strange, and looked to see what caused it.
and close to the rocker and just under
the fftf < ■< >t of the bed was a man's tan-col
ored shoe.
"I looked under the bed and saw a man
there, and asked him what he was doing.
He replied that he was in the house to
examine the gas meter. I thought he was
in a strange place t"r that, and I ordered
him out. He refused to come, and I
caught hold of his foot and pulled him
half way from his hiding place, when he
promised that he would come out himself.
A.- soon as he was dear of the bed and on
his feet I caught him by the throat and
I held on. I called to Katie, hut she did
: not hear me until we had ncutlled out of
the. room and Into the hall. Then the
burglar threatened that if I did not let
him go he would throw me over the ban
ister. Katie heard us fighting in the hall,
: and she came and helped me.
"Then the Bhoe peddler came and of
j fered to help, but we were afraid he might
! have been an accomplice of the burglar,
and we would not let him near us or the
man. By that time Katie and I and the
burglar were down on the main floor.
The shoe peddler, to show his good faith,
went and got a young man to go for the
■ police, and about half an hour later the
■ patrol wagon arriveu and took the robber
away. H.> took $20 GO from a drawer in
my room, but he threw It out of his
pocket in the scuttle. I was afraid he had
got Mrs. Kothchlld's jewelry, and if it
was gone it might have been hard to
keep suspicion from either Miss McGivney
; or myself, and ] took good care that the
burglar did not get away. As luck would
, have it. he only got the little money we
had saved and which we kept in our
room."
The burglar is the one who has been
gaining admittance to the residences of
his victims under the pretext of being an
inspector of gas meters and gas regulators
in the employ of the Electric Gas Kegu
lator Company. During the past six
weeks numerous complaints have reached
tin: police of the operations of the bold
I burglar, and every effort was being made
i to capture him.
The prisoner is only a boy. He claims
he Is only 16 years of age and asks that
he be sent to the reform school Instead
of to a long term in State prison, fie
gives his nnme as Charles Grant, but
i hints that It 1b not correct. Cnarles Gar-
I land is believed by the police to be his
I true name, and they think that Mlnneap-
I oils Is his home. The prisoner, however.
• says he is from Grand Rapids, and that
j previous to his coming to San Francisco
]he worked on a farm near that city. He
; claims he <;iin>' to this city early in Jan
j vary, and that he had 1160 when he ar
i rived. He claims he trl.d to get work,
! but was not successful, but the police say
j he was for a time employed in a Post
street restaurant. The prisoner Bays his
money dwindled down rapidly, and one
day. seeing the attractive posters an
nouncing the races across the bay, he
went to the race track and risked a few
dollars. He won and that started his
downfall. He kept on playing the races.
, Sometimes he won '.it oftener he lost,
I and he was 8008 Without money.
"I had to live," he mHL 1 could not
I get work, and I studied out a plan of
[burglary. I went to the gas company's
I office one day and got in conversation
With one of the clerk.-; about the gas reg
| ulators and managed to steal some of
1 their blank stationery. Armed with that
; I had no difficulty in getting into the
j houses of people and helping myself. I
' pawned the stuff I .stole for about $350
and put it all on the races. Of course I
j lost it all, and here I am. I was too suc
| cessful as a burglar and kept at It. I
did not intend to rob so many places
when I started out, hut when it came so
easy I kept on. and it was all for me ex-
I cltement of the race track.
"1 robbed a good many places In this
city In the disguise of a gas Inspector.
! I do not know the names of the people
who lived in the houses. 1 only picked
out the places that had the appearance
j of being the homes of wealthy persons
and I always got enough to pay me for
my trouble at each of them. I robbed
two places in Oakland and one In Ala
meda. The same gas certificates I carried
here admitted me across the : my t 0 ie
houses I tried.
"I walked into the house in which I was
caught by the side door, and there was
no one to stop me. if i im<l been ques
tioned I depended on my bogus creden
tials to carry me through. The servants
whom J expected to meet were engaged
with a peddler at the front of the house
when I entered, and when I heard the
girl come up the stairway I hid under the
bed, but she found me and gave me a
hard fight. As soon as she took hold of
mo I knew I was no match for her in a
fight, and she had the best of it from the
etart. I was fairly caught and I will
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898,
take my medicine, though I wish to go
t<> the reformatory instead of the State
Prison for the sake of my relatives."
Among the residences robbed by Grant,
alias Garland, is that of H. F. A. Schuss
ler, 1905 Van Ness avenue, where about
■$1000 worth of jewelry was taken. That
was on March 25. On March 28 the resi
dence of Mrs. Hecht was entered by the
bogus gas inspector and about $300 worth
of goods taken. The same robber gained
entrances Into the residences of B. S.
Heller, 1501 California street, and J.
Koshland, ISOS Pine street.
W. E. H. Williams, the general mana
ger of the Electric Gas Regulator Com
pany, characterizes the certificate used
by Grant to obtain an entrance into the
houses that he has burglarized as a for
gery. It la the custom of the company to
issue cards of identification to its inspec
tors, and Grant had one of these, but he
managed to destroy it. The Inspectors
are also required to wear a badge, as this
ensures a double protection to the com
pany's patrons.
When arrested Gr*ant had upon him
one of the company's agreement blanks,
which is signed with the address of the
person making application for a regu
lator to be attached to their gas fixtures.
This agreement had upon it the name
of H. Lydan Sr., and upon the part of
the company was signed by R. F. Will*
iams.
Mr. Williams said: "Besides the card
of identification and the badge worn by
our employes, they are required to pre
sent the agreement blank which is
signed at our office by the person desir
ing the regulators attached. Any one
would know their own signature, and this
we do to prevent fakirs from passing
themselves off a.s our employes. I do
not know how the boy secured the agree
ment blank. We are continually -warn
ing our patrons to look out for these
fakirs, and we take every precaution that
we can to guard against them. Grant has
worked the same scheme at every house
that he has entered, and we have boon
trying for some time to catch him. We
were aware that he had a forged card
and had warned people against him."
PRECITA VALLEY CLUB.
A General Line of Improvements
Needed Along the Old
Creek Bed.
Nothing less than a general line of im
provement along the bed of the old Mis
sion creek will be acceptable to the resi
dents of the Precita Valley. The prop
erty owners through the improvement
club of that section, ask that the low
lying land and swamp be filled in to the
grade and proper sewers put into the
streets. This, with the extending of the
1 streets running north and south from
Twenty-ninth to the base of Bernal
Heights, will be acceptable. They want
Brewster, Joy, Hope, Wolf and Potrero
streets extended, graded and fixed in
such condition that the people living
thereon can get to and from their resi
dences into the streets that have rail
road accommodation. Families living on
these streets are compelled to place pipes
en the street for a water supply whloh
is obtained from private wells in the
vicinity, as the water company refuses
'to lay mains until such time as the
streets are graded.
Another complaint goes forth that the
children who live on the side of the hill
are compelled to walk a mile to the near
, est school building. A primary classroom
Is asked for at Potrero and Costa streets,
where these children could attend, but so
; far the Directors have turned a deaf ear
to the entreaties of the parents in this re
gard.
Somo of the streets are being paved
pi< c -i meal and are in a worse condition
than they were before they were com
menced. Bryant street Is instanced as
being one of those. Here the wooden
sever that answered a purpose has been
torn out and the sipage from the City
and County Hospital aft also from the
private residences is permitted to drain
; into a vacant lot, endangering the health
of the entire community. As a result of
this several suits are about to be com
menced against the city by residents of
the infected section. Scarcely a week
passes but a delegation from either the
I Supervisors or the Health Department
! from the City Hall visits the place In r«
; sponse to a petition, but the visits are
; barren of any good that the people can
see so far.
Smarting under what they deem z.
wrong toward them as citizens and tax
payers, they are becoming terribly In
earnest In their protests for a general
line of Improvement right through the
entire valley.
JANITOR JORDAN PLEADS.
Guilty of Embezzling Money From
Letters, but Bore a Good Repu
tation Before That.
John W. Jordan, tho colored porter of
the Postofflce In the Custom House build
ing, was taken before United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven yesterday morning
to plead to the charge of embezzling a
valuable Jotter from the general delivery
department. He pleaded guilty, and in
troduced Rev. Dr. Andrews and several
others to testify to his previous good
reputation In mitigation of sentence.
Judge de Haven announced that he
would pronounce sentence next Wednes
day, and the prisoner was committed to
Jail until that time. Jordan Is only 29
years old and has a wife and two chil
dren. He had been in the employment of
the Postoffice for several years, but he
began stealing money out of letters only
two months ago. The letters he destroy
ed by burning them In the stove.
For the Orphanage.
The histrionic society of Trinity School
■will render Augustin Daly"s charming
comedy, "7-20-8," for the benefit of the
Maria Kip Orphanage, at the Bush Street
Theater, on Thursday evening. April 21,
and a matinee on Saturday, April 23. The
proceeds of the benefit will be devoted
to the liquidation of the debt on the new
homo at Lake street and Seventh avenue.
The little comedy which will be presented
is so well known as to need but little
comment, and the excellent cast which
ha.s been secured guarantees those who
attend will not only help along a worthy
cause, but will have an evening of un
ailoyed pleasure.
Injured by a Runaway.
Jacob Jacobs commenced suit yesterday
against Peter Tautphaus to recover $10,000
damages for personal Injuries received on
February 17 last. Jacobs was driving
along Pine street, when a runaway team
owned by the defendant collided with his
wagon and threw him from his seat.
Jacobs now claims damages for the In
juries he received, alleging that it was
due to the carelessness of one of Taut
phaus employes, who left the team un
hitched-
DEMOCRATS
MUST BOW
TO BUDD
Yesterday's Fight in
the State Central
Committee.
Harney Faction Wins the
Battle for Local
Supremacy.
Meeting Place of the Conven
tion Has Not Yet Been
Determined.
FUSION IS NOW FAVORED
A Committee for tho Good of the
Party Appointed to Adjust All
Differences.
Several disputed political questions
were definitely settled yesterday at the
meeting of the Democratic State Central
Commit te. It was demonstrated to the
entire satisfaction of a number of the
members of the local Democratic suicide
club that Governor Budd is still a factor
in the affairs of the party and that it
takes something more than a declaration
of intention to make a political boss.
For several days past the leaders of the
Sullivan wing of the local Democracy
have let it be known that they would
bring about a test vote at yesterday's
meeting for the purpose of settling once
for all the strength of the Harney Dem
ocrats in the Stato Committee. They
were as good as their word. The test
vote was taken and the Harneyitos won
out In the easiest kind of fashion and
with enough to spare to leave no doubt
in the minds of their opponents as to
what the future holds in store. It was a
Ralney day for the Sulllvanites.
To sum up the situation in a few words
it Is only necessary to say that all dis
puted questions have been turned over to
a committee of nine members of the State
Committee for adjudication. This sub
committee Is to be known as the Com
mittee for the Good of the- Tarty, and Is
composed of Chairman Alford. H. M.
Fitzgerald. Frank H. Gould, James^ H.
Budd Eugene N. Deuprey. Gavin McNab,
Ben M. Maddox, Charlea M. Cassia and
one member from south of the lehachapl
Hn.- not yet named. Into the hands of
this committee have been given not only
such manors as pertain to the good ol
the party " but also the very distressing
differences that are the rocks upon whidi
the local Democracy uaa split. Sn far
as results are concerned, the committee
Is to be considered as merely a necessary
formality No matter what Its report on
the various questions submitted to it
may be the result will be the same. The
forces Of Ralney and Harney. which are
the forces of Budd, will accept what suits
them when the report is presented to the
State Committee. TneM things being so
the shrewd ones anticipate an early
stampede of the Sullivan forces to the
slaXrds of their more forceful oppo-
n The" question of selecting a meeting
place for the State convention was not
settled Delegations from Santa Cruz,
Sacramento and San Jose were on hand
to urge the respective merits of their
towns There were also a number of cit
izens present to present the claims of ban
Francisco as a meeting place for the con
vention. It is the general impression that
when final action ta taken Santa Cruz
or Sacramento will be the place selected.
Boon after the committee convened
Chairman Alford announced the names
of the members of the Committee for the
Good of the Party, the appointment of
which was provided for at the last meet-
Ing of the State committee. The real
business of the day was begun by Bro
beck of San Francisco, who moved that
the six members who had been dropped
for the non-payment of assessments be
given until the next meeting to show
cause why they had not paid up in cash
or, in lieu of money, rendered the party
valuable service. This was opposed by
McNab. who was in favor of making
their dismissal final. Sammy Braunhart
arrayed himself on the side of McNab,
and "it at once became evident that here
was the first of the questions selected as
the excuse for a trial of strength be
tween the warring factions. The issue
was not left long in doubt. Governor
liudil and Major Harney came to the
support of Brobeck, with the result that
the whole matter was referred to the
Committee for the Good of the Party.
This was victory- No. 1.
John W. Mitchell then offered the fol
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the time and place for holding
the State Convention be determined at a spe
cial meeting for this purpose, to be called by
tho chair; that the call for the said meeting
riMttry the members of the committee that at
this said rm-etlng of the committee this action
will be takr-n; that all localities desiring the
convention be and are hereby invited to send
representatives to this meeting to present the
claims and proposals of their localities.
Resolved further. That a special committee
of five members of this committee be author
ized to cnfer with representatives of the Pop
ulist and Silver Republican parties, with the
view of obtaining a concert of action as to
the time and place of holding the State con
ventions of the said parties.
Cassin, Ostrom and Deuprey opposed
tho resolution or. the ground that the part
that related to the Populist and Silver Re
publican parties appeared to be a fusion
proposition. Governor Budd wanted to
know if the Democratic party had ever
been able to carry the State without the
aid of the Populists and the Independent
Republicans. Chairman Alford surren
dered the gavel in order to take the floor
in support of the resolution. When the
question was finally put the resolution
was adopted. Here was victory No. 2.
Frank H. Gould called attention to the
fact that many county conventions would
be held before the State convention. In
order to settle all doubts a-s to the basis
of representation he offered the follow
ing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the basis of representation
in the next Democratic State Convention be
llxed at one for each county and one for each
200 votes cast for William J. Bryan at the
last general election.
McGee then offered the following:
Whereas, At the meeting of the Democratic
State Central Committee held two years ago
for the purpose of Issuing the call for the
State Convention, the time of the committee
was consumed in the consideration of the dis
agreements of the San Francisco Democracy,
then in a disorganized and disrupted condi
tion, and In determining which of rival claim
ants should receive the recognition of the State
Committee, and
Whereas, It is claimed that the same con
ditions which confronted the State Committee
two years ago again prevail in San Francisco,
and the same Issues will have to be determined
by the committee; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee Is hereby au
thorized and Instructed to appoint a commit
tee of seven members of the committee who
are therehv authorized. Instructed and em
powered to investigate the conditions of the
San Francisco Democracy, and to report to the
Btata Committee at Kb next meeting with a
recommendation as to what should be the
action of the committee.
As this was conceded to be the real fight
of the day as far as the local factions
were concerned. It was deckled to take
a recess until 2:30 o'clock, in order to give
both sides time to bring up their reserves
and arrange the order of battle. When the
committee reconvened there was some
preliminary skirmishing, and then the
first big gun was fired by the Governor,
who announced that he could not see the
necessity of the appointment of another
committee when It would be the simplest
matter In the world to refer the matter
to the Committee for the Good of the
Party A motion to lay the resolution on
the table was lost. A motion was then
made to refer the subject matter of the
resolution to the Committee for the Good
of the Party. This was ably seconded by
Major Harney. who confessed to a feeiing
of modest pride because of the fact that
he is the chairman of the local committee
representing the "true and only Demo
cratic party of San Francisco."" McNab
and Braunhart threw themselves Into the
breach, but the tide of battle was too
strong for them, and after an exchange
of personalities the question was put and
the motion was carried by an overwhelm
ing majority. This ended the fun. and
the committee adjourned to meet on the
last Saturday in May.
RACING SEASON SIXTY DAYS.
Supervisors' Committee Decide Upon
a Report to That Effect.
After being under consideration for
more than two months the period of the
racing season within the city and county
of San Francisco was decided yesterday
by the special committee of the Board
of Supervisors, to whom the matter nad
been referred.
There was under consideration the res
olution offered by Supervisor Clinton fix
ing tho neriod at forty-eight days. H. j.
Crocker appeared before the committee
on behalf of the Pacific Jockey Club and
argued for an extension of the season.
He declared that the club was in favor
of the abolition of the poolrooms, but
did not think that a short season of rac
ing in this city would have the effect of
closing them, aa races could be run at
Oakland, San Rafael and other points.
After some further discussion between
the members of the committtee, which
consisted of Supervisors Clinton, Smith
and Rivers, it was decided by a vote of
two to one to extend the racing season
to sixty consecutive days in each year,
exclusive of Sundays. Smith voted
against the resolution, which will be re
ported to the Supervisors on Monday.
NO KLONDIKE FOR HIM.
Thomas J. Murphy, Driver of a
Brewery Wagon, Meets With
a Misfortune.
Thomas J. Murphy, the driver of a
wagon for the Jackson Brewery, met with
a serious accident yesterday morning. He
had driven his team to a saloon at Eighth
and Market streets, and after delivering
his beer .lumped on the wagon. His whip
fell to the ground, and in doing so struck
one of the horses, and the team started
off. Murphy, in attempting to jump on
his seat, slipped and fell, his right leg
extending under the wheels, which passed
over It.
The team ran as far as Market and Mc-
Allister streets, where it was stopped.
Murphy was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Dr. Well found that he had
sustained a compound comminuted frac
ture of the leg. Murphy had made prepa
rations to leave soon for the Klondike, as
he was the winner of the first prize in thu
Post's contest.
ALL CONTRIBUTE
TO THE FESTIVAL
Eastern Stars Will Hold Fairs
in All Parts of the
State.
Sin Jose Gives Liberally to the
Widows' and Orphans'
Home.
From all directions come flattering
reports of the efforts being made to raise
funds for the proposed Masonic Home for
Widows and Orphans at Decoto. The
chapters of the Eastern Stars will hold
fairs In their respective localities and
have appointed of the or
der in the various jjlaces selected: Liv
ermore. Mrs. Laura J. Barker; Clover
dale, Mrs. Sarah A. Baer; Redding, Mrs.
Nellie I,e Febvre; Colusa, Mrs. Lillian
Jackson; Lakeport, Mrs. J. S. Emerson-
Healdsburg, Mrs. Clara I. Gray; Pacific
Grove, Mrs. Sylvia O. Hamilton; Ne
vada City, Mrs. Mary E. Parker,; Fresno,
Mrs. Margaret Games; San Diego, Mrs!
Georgiana Polhamus; Gait. Mrs. Amanda
A. Latourette; Pomona, Mrs. Nora 11.
Hlnman; Lincoln, Mrs. Lottie Allen.
The ladies of Durant Lodge No. 268,
Berkeley, met last Thursday afternoon
and selected the following ladies to op
erate a photograph booth and sell pic
tures of local interest: Chairman, Mrs.
«'. M. Hunt; vice chairman, Mrs. F. M.
Berryman; secretary, Miss Hunt.
The sale of flowers, which will begin
next Wednesday, is expected to aid mate
rially in swelling the funds for the home.
Twenty lambs, decorated with Masonic
emblems, have been promised by Phillip
Selbel of the Clay street market.
The members of the local committee
are meeting with continued success. P.
C. Hale and C. L. Pat ton went among
the merchants on upper Market street
yesterday and secured about $400. The
Emporium headed the list with $10#. This
was followed by Hale Bros, with the
same amount. Will <fc Finck, Mr. Lubin
of Welnstock. Lubin & Co.. M. Johnson
of Johnson's restaurant, Mr. Strauss of
Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman, all do
nated liberally.
The executive committee has decided to
allow any one to use the season tickets.
The tickets were intended to be used only
by the individual purchasing the same.
Under the decision of the committee sea
son tickets are now transferable and will
be accepted at the door.
From San Jose comes the report, which
is headed by Colonel A. K. Whitton, that
the friends of the order are responding
liberally both in the making of donations
and taking of tickets. The following is
a full list of the San Jose committee:
P. F. Gosbey. C. Haydock. D. V. Ma
honey, S. G. Tompkins, L. A. Spitzcr. 11.
E. Spencer, R. McComas, George B. Mc-
Kee. G. B. May, George W. Werthen, S.
H. Wagoner, H. W. Wright, W. L. Wood
row, C. T. Park, P. Long, S. E. More
land, E. W. Conant, Dr. J. R. Curnow,
Mrs. George B. McKee. Mrs. E. W. Co
nant. Mrs. F. W. Wilcox, Mrs. E. Reihl,
iurs. J. S. Potts, Mrs. Susie J. Hale, Mrs
Kate Wilcox. Mrs. Frank E. Fowler, Miss
L. M. Rainey, Mrs. Clara N. May, Mrs.
Sadie J. Jordan, Mrs. A. E. Hyland, Mrs.
Sarah E. Barker, S. A. Barker. E. R.
Bailey, Mrs. E. R. Bailey, Miss Edith C.
Ayers, Miss Julia Bodley, Miss Grace
Bodley, M. A. Boulware. Mrs. M. A.
Boulware, J. W. Cook. Mrs. J. W. Cook,
J. M. Davy, Mrs. J. M. Davy. Mrs. B. F.
Entrlken, Mrs. Susie R. Gosbey, Miss
Hannah Grey, Mrs. E. A. Haydock, Har
vey Markres, T. A. Perrln, Mrs. T. A.
Perrin, Miss M. H. Shartzer, Miss Fannie
Stockton, Mrs. Mattie Walthall, Mrs.
Emma H. Woodrow, Mrs. Amanda
Markres.
In the Divorce Court.
Judge Hebbanl yesterday granted
Katie Tillotson a divorce from Lemuel
Tillotson on the ground of desertion.
The following new suits for divorce
were filed yesterday In the County Ok-rk's
office: Rose A. Merkel from George
Merkel, failure to provide: Theresa Sloan
from George B. Sloan, desertion; George
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<- JjEhßi ****• OFFER, GOOD UNTIL APRIL 30.
Jfejß OFFER, GOOD UNTIL APRIL 30.
; /^sE* "' 4is£ttr '" He uarantees to cure every ense he accepts,
i!\j^«fetjjlffi^^ to those who begin treatment before April 30, «for
nlf^£iii^>k '^ the prices quoted below, including all medicines.
This is positively the last extension of time for
S& d^^a&BSt*- treating diseases at these low rates.
Catarrh $20 00 1 Piles $20 00 1 Kidney Diseases $2000
Kheumatism ....20 00 Paralysis 60 00 Nervous Debility 20 00
Neuralgia '. ..20 00 Skin Diseases 20 00 Syphilis 30 00
Sciatica ....20 00 Diabetes 25 00 Varicocele 20 00
•Fistula .' .30 00 I Ulcers (chronic) ..40 00 Stricture 30 00
Asthma ..' 25 00 | Bladder Diseases 20 00 I Rupture .' 40 00
Gravel .'....20 00 i Bronchitis 20 00 Loss of Manhood 20 00
Consumption, Ist stage... 30 00 | Epilepsy or Fits .30 00 I Gonorrhoea ...10 00
Tape Worm — . . .. 20 00 Diseases of Liver ..20 00 .Gleet.. •15 00
Dropsy : 30 00 i Goitre or Thick Neck.... 30 00 I Prostatic Diseases 20 00
Dyspepsia ....15 00 Salt Rheum ....25 00 Tumors $50 to $200
Deafness ... .....30 00 Bright' s Disease ......... 40 00 Cancer $75 to $250
If incurable you, will be told'so.- thus saving you time and money
MEN who are Nervous. Despondent. Diseased and We:ik from early Inoiscretion and excess
In life readily restored by the Neutralizing System. DISEASES OK WOMEN treated by an
entirely new and oaimess method. Tnose unabie to call inclose history and stamp for reply.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE
Hours 10 to 12 a. M.. 2to 5 and 7to 8 P. m. ; Sundays 10 to 12 A M.
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM. 524 TAYLOR ST.. n .. < ffiife t r. l
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _____________
New Silks!
This week we will place on sale
the following NEW LINES in our
SILK DEPARTMENT.
New Wash dllldllbi
Best aualitu, full 24 inches wide, fast
colors and a splendid variety of desians.
Price, 75c Yard.
New Foulard Silks.
24 inches wide, in an eletjant varietu of
new designs, aiso in dots and stripes.
Price, $1.00 Yard.
New Checked Taffeta Silks.
Extra heavu aualitu, veru handsome color-
inasj suitable for Ladies' Waists.
Price, $1.00 Yard.
See our \A/indo\A/ ciisplay
of afc>o\/e goods.
1892. J^^^J^M^fr**
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Ruef from Emma Ruof, infidelity; Mark
L. McCord from Annit L. Mi ' 'ord, deser
tion; Theresa Greenlaw from Joun Green
law, desertion; Bira E. Wacker from
Georg<> Wacker. cruelty; Karaline E.
Voigt from George S. Voigt, cruelty; and
Thomas R. Sampson from Georgiana L..
Sampson, desertion.
SOCIETY AND THE STAGE.
Both Well Represented at the Benefit
for the Eye and Ear Hospital.
Society and the Stape joined hands last
evening at thf residence of Mrs. R. Jen
ning for the purpose of devoting their
talent towards increasing the fund for
the erection of a new ward at the Cali
fornia Eye and Ear Hospital on Sutter
street.
If numbers count the object in view is
to be shortly realized, as the entertain
ment was a success in this particular, as
in many others. The exact amount real
ized on the venture ia not as yet definite
ly known, but it is calculated that many
v. golden eagle passed into the hands of
the doorkeeper.
The programme consisted of a little of
everything .from a theatrical standpoint.
and way of amusement, and many pro
fessional actors were seen to good advan
tage in original sketches. The Tivoli
Opera House was well represented in
Edwin Stevens and Miss Edith Hall, and
others who endeavored to keep up their
reputations as fun makers off as well us
on the stage. . .
The programme was as follows: btring
solo, by Chinese dressed in native cos
tume; a Shakespearean sketch, E.
Pauhung; Japanese folk song, Miss
Anna Shepherd; Scotch song, "From
Under My Pladie," W. Balnavus; Rus
sian recitation. Mrs. Rennebone; Indian
song Mrs. John Loffley; national and
patriotic airs, Alfred Wilkic accompa
nist Miss May Moroney; Hawaiian na
tive' solo, Mrs. Turner; Spanish Sere
nade M. Y. Ferrer; original sketch, Ed
win Stevens, assisted oy Madame Mon
tague- Scotch songs, Mrs. Van Brunt,
assisted by Miss Henry; German spe
cialties Miss Edith Hall; Irish folk
song. Miss Ella McCluskey.
The parlors were beautifully decorated
with llags representative of all nations,
evergreens, flowers and exotic growths.
Over the stairway, midway between the
first and second floors, was erected a
magnificent arch composed of a combina
tion of flowers and ferns forming the
letters and spelling the name of the Cal
ifornia Eye and Ear Hospital.
The principal interest in the entertain
ment seemed to center in the Chinese
performers, who received loud and ap
preciative applause for their donations to
the general fund of merriment.
A Small Landslide.
A small landslide occurred yesterday at
Emigrant Gap, which destroyed about
forty feet of snow sheds, but did no fur
ther damage. No 2 of the westbound o\«r
land was delayed about an hour in con
sequence. *
<B><3><S><S><S><»<S><*><S><B>3><S><s><S><B>3><»><§><S>
<§> CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. <?>
'*'
I STUDENT CHAIRS. :
<$> In Green, Olive, Red, Corduroy <$►
<»> or Velour Covering. ~
- Oak Finish— Specials Next (TO.OO -
v Week at ...'. <J)O .
" : " Worth Double. "^
«> «v
I J. NOON AN, I
♦ 1017-1023 Mission Street, ♦
Above Sixth.
Phone South 14. Open Evenings.
<s> <$> <$><S> <S>^>^<£><S«<s><&<»><S>^><®.^>^
B. H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION,
ANTIQUE/RARE AND FINE
TURKISH Di IP Q
PERSIAN lI UOU
With his last st6ck, before his departure to
Alaska.
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M.,
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine goods
at your own prices.
' N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
t?OfFFT 5l
KsaJ \J I L_L_ I
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE:
AT W^H A HORMAL V(t SHOULD CL EARLY
di^tiHgUisH letter^ Vao^H iHcH uoHg.
CALL and HAVE y°llß EYES TESTED
w: k FREE ef CHARGE. s\'r '
o?"n^i Arts *h» p^to^^j^
642 Market St.
OHDER C-HR.OXICLERUILDIN6.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— KB-
modeled and renovated. ''KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to Jl BOday,
$6 to JS week, ss to $30 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; flre fnttea !•
every room: elevator runs all Bight.x^^yAV il A S^/^S=^ / A A lk-*4 \^ / /^ ....'.' '
The Managers of the Omaha Exposition Are Gathering the Pictures of Forty-five Typical Beauties From AH Over the Western States to Get a Composite Photograph That May Be
FORTY-FIVE nf th« most heauti
fttl women of the West are to mn
tribute a share of their liveliness
to a composite photograph, from
which is to be made the picture of
a woman's fate that is to appear
in bas-relief on the obverse side of the
gold, silver and bronze medals by
which the Omaha Trans- Mississippi and
International Exposition will reward its
exhibitors ;;r,<t commemorate its own
successful existence.
Not one Eastern face will lend tin
grace of its pr< sence to this galaxy of
feminine charms, for the idea la to have
the type pr sent* i of a distinctively
Western character, which, while it will
detract nothing from its beauty, will
add greatly to its value from a strictly
scientific point <■!" view.
The plan of t li« - directors of the ex
position has h>- ( -n to call upon the vice
[denta of the exposition of those
Stairs and Territories which have Riven
their enterprise official recognition for
■ ■ photographs of two of the most
Mful women "f their section <>f the
• "untry. Some of the gentlemen upon
whom this demand has been made have
shifted the burden of responsibility
from their own shoulders to those of a
board of judges, thus opening a beauty
competition which lias overwhelmed
each unfortunate present day Paris
■with tidal waves of photographs
and troubles innumerable. Others
have risen to the occasion and,
without fear or favor, have
themselves selected the specimens
of fr-minine loveliness which they
thought best Btted to 1i!l the require
ments of the unique Id* a. ..
To this latter class belongs R. Hall
BfcCormiek of Chicago, who assumed
bis portion of the responsibility
THE CALL Sunday Edition
•without the slightest, fear of
belrlg either gainsaid or criti
i ized. His selections were Mrs. J.
Ogden Armour and Mrs. H. C. Chat
field Taylor, of his own city, each rec
ognized as a representative of a very
high type of beauty, and each holding
rank as a social leader, and identified •
with one of the most -prominent fami
lies of the place.
Judge Neville of North Platte, Nebr.,
is also self-poised and courageous, and
has decided without any o.utside assist
ance that the charming Miss Maye
O'Shea of Lincoln and the equally fas
cinating .Miss Nettie Harmer of "Syra
cuse are Nebraska's two loveliest
young women. L. Bradford Prince of
Santa Fe, N. Mr-x.. has sent in the pho
tographs of Miss Adeline O'Luna of Al
buquerque and Miss Cynthia Bra'dshaw
of Paradise Valley; John Doniphan of
St. Joseph, Mo., has selected Miss
Josephine Stanacker of his own city
and Miss Lillian Duncan; W. H. Suth
erlin of Helena, Mont., has forwarded
photographs of Miss Harriet Wal
dorf of Dillon and Miss Leo
nora Robinson of Bozeman; S.
J. T. Johnson of Corsiana, Tex.,
has given 'the beauty prize to
Miss Florence Tucker and Miss Ida
May Archer; Edward F. Bishop of Den
ver, Colo., has picked out Miss Alice
Richards of Red Band and Miss Maggie
E. Blakeslee of Denver; Frank H. Pea
vey of Minnesota has given the palm to
Miss Alice Adrian of Minneapolis and
Miss Elizabeth Dibble of Marshall, and
George W. Parsons . of Los Angeles,
Cal., has partly finished his extremely
difficult task— difficult, since there is an
embarrassment of riches in the Golden
State) in the way of ; - really beautiful
girls— by dispatching to Omaha the
portrait of Miss Anna J. Reuler of Po
mona, a lovely girl who. well merits
the distinction which is hers.
Those of the Commissioners who have
been unwise enough , to .take the public
into their confidence have plunged
themselves 1n.t0.-a ge,a of troubles. which
Used on a Medallion to Commemorate Nebraska's Great Celebration.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898
has come near to drowning them. Pho
tographs of every imaginable type of
feminine loveliness and unloveliness
have poured in upon them, accompa
nied, in many cases, by letters from
male relatives or friends which were
either wheedling, or threatening, or
both.
One State Commissioner sent in a
picture by the next mail after he re
ceived the directors' request. It proved
to be that of a decidedly ugly and ma
ture person, with no claims whatever
to Consideration from the noint of view
of a "beauty contest," and the direc
tors felt sure that " mistake had been
made by the sender, who had doubt
less inclosed the wrong photograph in
the hurry of sending off his mail.
A letter embodying this idea was
written him by the secretary, and
brought a response that no mistake
whatever had occurred, but that in the
Commissioner's estimation the lady
was by all odds the handsomest woman
in the State. So remarkable did this
seem that a little pains was taken to
find out additional particulars in snch
a peculiar case of "beauty blindness,"
and the whole matter was satisfactor
ily explained by the discovery that the
lady was the affianced wife of the loy
ally prejudiced gentleman.
Over in Nevada, where . pretty girls
are delightfully numerous. Colonel H.
B. Maxson has originated a plan which
gives to each county a proportionate
chance of supplying the ultimate com
posite of the medal with some portion
of its loveliness. In all Navada will
send forty-seven photographs of her
beauties to Omaha, and the choice of
the most beautiful two will be left to
an impartial individual who lives at a
safe distance from the defeated candi
dates.
One may judge of the interest taken
in the Sagebrush State in this matter
by the fact that in Humboldt County,
•where only 823 votes were cast at the
last electioi^ 1351 votes turned, out to
express their very decided opinions on
the important question of wno are the
pettiest two women among the many,
pretty women of that favored county.
In Washoe County the voting was
confined exclusively to the ladies them
selves, and they covered themselves
with glory by their sensible and busi
ness-like way of going about the mat
ter, and the fairness in every sense
of the word of their choice. Miss Ne
vada Ryland, -Miss Sadie and Miss Ada
Phillips of Keno are now publicly pro
claimed by the vote of their generous
sisters the most beautiful girls of
Washoe. and there will be groat dis
appointment if at least one of them is
not selected by the judge to represent
the State in the composite design.
Among the other fascinating daugh
ters of Nevada whose photographs
have been ?«>nt in for consideration are
Miss lidith Hunter of Elko, Mifes Anna
Fellows of rniunville and Miss Lillian
Stanton of Winnemucca, each of whom
exemplifies a different type of femin
ine perfection in the way of form,
feature and chevelure, and each of
whom is the admiration of her own
especial part of the State.
As in the case of the first beauty
contest where Venus and Minerva and
Juno appeared before Paris for his de
c:s;on, the pleasant little plan of tho
Exposition directors will undoubtedly
lerve behind it an aftermath of dis
satisfaction and heart-burning, for
every beautiful woman in the Western
States cannot hope to be even men
tioned in the grave deliberations of the
commissioners, and those who are not
will consider or at least iheir friends
will consider that they have good
cause to feel aggrieved.
One thing" is, however, certain and
this is that those who are selected
will be truly representative of the
finest looking women in the trans-Mis
sissippi region, and in every way ex
cellent types of the women of the great
West.18
MAKING GIANT WAR GUNS
Thousands of Men in the Red Glare of the Fur
naces Turning Out Steel Tubes That
Will Shoot Fifteen .Miles.
IN those days of preparation for war
the Washington navy-yard is one
of the most interesting spots to be
found anywhere. Strictly speak
ing, it is not a navy-yard at all, but
a gun factory. Here it is that all
the heavy guns and most of the light
landing and boat guns for the navy art.
built. The amount of work done in this
great national factory is enormous,
even in times of peace, but now that
the lathes, engines and tools are run
ning at full speed twenty-four hours
out of twenty-four, the number of guns
and gun carriages turned out is near
ly trebled.
Passing through the gate with its
trim marine sentry pacing to and fro,
the visitor sees uniformed officers has
tening this way and that, busy with
their duties, and hears on every side
the dull rumble of machinery, the
heavy thud of the triphammer, and the
snorting of the steam cranes. A small
army of draftsmen in the offices are
busily preparing plans and drawings
for the use of the gun builders, and
the civilian bosses and foremen of the
shops are everywhere keeping watch
with eagle eyes. Theirs is a most re
sponsible duty, for any careless and in
competent workman with a single slip
of his tool might spoil a gun or car
riage which had cost the Government
thousands of dollars to put together.
The putting together or "assembling"
of a modern gun is apparently a simple
matter. P.ut it is really one of the most
delicate operations in the world. The
greatest care and precision are neces
cary to make the different parts exactly
fit, and on 1 re/plution too many of a
plane or boring tool would injure the
part beyond repair. Hence comes much
of the fascinati n in watching the con
struction of one of the big guns as it
grows in massive and polished beauty
ready to take its place on one of our
men-of-war.
First of all the tube of the piece
comes to the factory from one of the
big steel companies, the Bethlehem or
the Mldvale, which have the contracts
to furnish forgings. The tube comes In
the rough with only a core bored out.
and looks like a heavy piece of steel
pipe. For the four-inch guns it is 13
feet 7 Inches long, while for the 13-inch
guns it attains a length of 40 feet. This
tube forms a basis for all "uture opera
tions.
A modern gun is built up by slip
ping upon it a number of jackets and
hoops, and shrinking them t<> a perfect
adjustment. A 13-inch gun when fin
ished, has thirteen separate and dis
tinct parts which have been assembled
and fitted to the minutest fraction of an
inch. As the caliber and size of the
gun diminishes the number of parts Is
reduced, and the four-inch piece is
composed of <>nly five.
In building up the gun the rough tube
and the bands are first placed in lathes
and car. fully planed down to the di
mensions required. The diameter of
the interior of the jacket which is to
slip over th^ tube half way its length
must correspond with mathematical ex
actness to the diameter ' the tube's
exterior; while the hoops, which in turn
fit over this jacket, must be treated
with a like precision.
This work of planing is clone *in the
gnat north gun shop, as it is known at
the navy yard, and when it is com
pleted, the tube and the bands have to
be carried to the "shrinking pit" at the
north end of the shop, where the next
process is to be undergone. There are
three heavy traveling cranes in the
shop, of 110, 40 and 15 tons lifting
power, respectively, and they pick
up the huge pieces of iron and carry
them to their destination as easily and
lightly as if they weighed nothing at
all.
The "shrinking pit" is a deep hole
sunk in the floor of the shop, and fitted
at each end with an oven. These ovens,
in which the bands are to be expanded
until they can slip over the gun tube,
are heated by an air and oil blast to a
temperature of TOO degrees Fahrenheit,
for this degree of heat Is necessary to
expand the heavy jacket for the 12 and
13-inch guns. At the pit the tube is
planted carefully on end close to the
oven, in which is being heated the
jacket that it is to receive. Pipes aro
so arranged that a stream of water can
be run continuously through the cnr<»
of the tube, to keep it conl and prevent
expansion by the heat, as the hot jacket
slips over it.
"When all is ready, the men who are
to perform the delicate task stand at
attention. Each one of them has his
own particular duty, and they cure
trainer! t>> act in concert, like a com
pany of soldiers. The jacket has been
placed In the oven and sealed up. to
await expansion by the heat. The f'>r<'
man gives the word, the traveling crane
comes up and lifts off the hot lid of the
oven, exposing the jacket within, the
hooks are made fast to a clamp pre
viously attached to the jacket, and th^
heated mass is lifted carefully from its
fiery bed.
The engineer of the crane watches,
■with hawlc-like eyes, the signals of the
foreman below, and when a sufficient
heipht has been reached the jacket is
swung over the tube and lowered. Men
with immense canvas mitten guide it
as it comes down and adjust it in place.
When it has been slipped /er the tube
streams of water are turned on to cool
it. As it cools it shrinks back to its
original size, and the delicate operation
is complete.
Strange as it may seem, after coming
through its fiery ordeal the jacket
hardly shows a sign of heat aB it is
lifted from the oven. There is a slight
bluish tinge, and that is the > nly thing
to distinguish it from the cold jacket
which went in. The exterior o; the tube
and the interior of the jacket being ex
actly the same size, only the slightest
expansion is r quired to make one slip
over the 'ier. From 3-100 to 5-100 of
an inch is all that is allowed, even in
the monster 13-i»- h guns. So the speed
iest and most accurate work is neces
sary after the jacket leaves tv> oven,
for if the iron should cool off before it
was in nlace it would clamp at once
upon the tube, and the gun would be
ruined. A similar process is gone
through with in slipping the smaller
hoops over the jacket.
The shrinking of one part on another
makes an absolutely perfect weld, and
after once the band is in place nothing
short of chipping it off piece by piece
would remove it. The shrinking of the
different bands of the piece having been
finished, it is again put in the lathe and
turned down to the required size, ana
the edges of the bands are beveled oft
to give it a neat appearance. It is then
ready for the delicate operation of ri-
fling.
Only the most experienced mechanics
in the shops are in charge of the rifling
machines, for on the perfection with
which they perform their work the
whole utility of the gun depends. The
auger which cuts the grooves is care
fully adjusted and lubricated, and the
little hard steel chisels fitted on a long
beam which runs through the bore of
the gun commence their work. Only the
smallest fraction of an inch is taken off
at a time, and the greatest care is re
quired in adjusting the auger exactly.
When once put in position the lathe
Coo- the rest of the work by slowly
turning the gun as the tool eats its way
through.
After being rifled the gun is placed
on a car and carried to the breech rua
chanism shop, where the interrupted
screw breech block, in use in early all
the navies of the world, is fitted. The
carriage with its recoil cylinders for
taking up the "kick" of the piece when
fired, having been finished in the navaJ
carriage shop with as conscientious
care as the gun itself, the gun is put
together and shipped on the barge
down the Potomac River to Indian
Head, to be tested.
The guns built at the Washington
navy. yard are recognized- as the
perfect and powerful specimens of na
val ordnance in the world, and the
weight of their powder charge and pro
jectile, their length arl thei penetra
tion would have been considered out
side the bounds reason thirty years
ago. The length of a 13-inch breech
loadii.g rifle is forty feet; its weight
sixty and one-half tons; it carries a
projectile weighing 1100 pounds — more
than half a ton — which can penetrate
steel 23.42 inches thick at a distance of
1500 yards. It has a velocity at the
muzzle of 2100 feet a second, and a ve
locity of 1805 U" ■ at a distance of 2500
yards, w'.iich is produced by the explo
sion of 550 pounds of brown prismatic
uowder, each grain of which is oc
tagonal in shL^e and molded to an ex
act size.
The cost of each discharge is about
$1500. The range of a gun of thirteen
inches caliber is about thirteen miles,
or a mile to.each inch, which is the ap
proximate ran^e of all guns. A 13-inch
gun is built to fire 250 shots before it
loses its temper and becoi-.es useless,
except for old iron; but in most cases
many more could probably be fired.
The 1100-pound projectile is almost as
carefully made as the gun. It is of hard
steel, with an armor piercing point and
is fitted with copper bandi which take
against the rilling, and being of soft
metal do not injure the delicate
.groo% - es df which there are fifty-two.
Besides these monster cannon the
Washington navy yard produces small
rapid fire ordnance of the Fletcher,
Maxim, Driggs-Schroeder and Hotch
kiss tj'pps, which are used aboard ship
as a protection against torpedo boats,
for landii.g parties and for boat service.
These weapons are much simpler in
their construction than the heavy ord
nance, but the same great care and
thoroughness of workmanship charac
terize their building as the heavy ord
nance.
Six weeks is practically the minimum
of time for the making of a modern
gun, and to finish one within that space
everything would have to go on mar
velously well. The "treatment" of the
steel would have to be a success at j
the very first attempt — something that
does not often happen — and the first
tests would have to show that the Gov
ernment standard had been reached.
Oftener than otherwise these results
can only be obtained through much try
ing and the expenditure of time. A
batch of guns may thus take months in
the making, while good luck may bring
it down to weeks.
It is in the casting shop, of course,
that the process of gun making h?.s its
very beginning, in the furnace where
steel is made from a medley of pieces
of old iron, pig iron lengths, broken
bits and odds and ends of castings, long
since relegated to the scrap yards.
Here is the first stage of the modern
gun — ragged and rusty metal that is
carted in wheelbarrows up to the fur
nace doors. The maws of blazing heat,
several thousand degrees in intensity,
stands open to receive it. So over
whelming is this heat that even the
master melter has to put on blue
glasses to peer into the flames rising
over the bubbling sea of metal when
the doors are open. When the doors
are dropped down — that is, shut — there
is only revealed a single spot of bright
ness, an eye that Jooks into the fur
nace's flame, and even this cannot be
approached too closely with the naked
eye.
The gun is under way. Ten tons of
metal are already in the furnace — a
lake of molten, seething metal held in
by banks of sand. Other things of
steel are to be made of this mass, the
gun works being only a portion of the
plant. Whether used for peace or war,
steel is steel, differing only in qual
ity. It is all "boiled down" in the
same way.
In shadow is the casting shop, except
when the doors are raised, when a flood
of light, a wave of extreme heat, is
thrown out. In the dusk of the
shadows grimy men raise the sea of
metal with long bars. The master mel
ter, never still, steps now and then to
his wheels, set at one side of the fur
nace and looking like the brake wheels
on a freight car, and gives one or the
other a sharp twist. By this he regu
lates his fire — five hundred degrees at
a twist. The silica bricks with which
the furnace is lined can stand four
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL,. SUXDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
thousand degrees of heat and more be
fore they commence to melt. The mas
ter melter runs up the heat to the ex
treme point and then lets it down.
There are three "heats" a day in the
casting shop. Three times metal is
heated, three times it is let go with a
mighty rush into the casting pot. The
last few moments of each heat are the
dramatic instants. It is then, at the
judgment of the master melter, that
the furnace is fed with "medicine,"
FORGING BIG GUNS FOR THE ARMY AND NAVY.
shovelfuls and blocks of metal being
tossed in. On this depends the qual
ity, the strength, the elasticity of the
steel, essentials of the most vast Im
portance of the gun of to-day.
Two hours is usually sufficient for the
boiling of this steel In its cradle of
sand. At last the one moment ar
rives. The bar at the furnace's back
is worked through the sand to make
an opening. An instant, and into the
casting pot below the mass runs, scat
i tering millions of sparks, a glowing,
I golden torrent that foams and hisses
I as it plunges down.
The picture of the gun's second stage
!is superb. On every hand fly these
S sparks, and the mass bubbles and
i seethes in the casting pot. On its top,
! through the glow, can be seen a dirty
I mass — the slag or the scum that is of
|no use or value. But the picturesque
! ness of the scene has not ended. The
j casting process is only half through.
| The liquid metal must get into its
molds, and that in short order.
On a track the casting pot rests. It
I is pushed along this track until a gi-
I gantic crane overhead seizes it, swing-
I ing it aloft. Over mounds of sand it
is swung, and the metal, by the move
ment of a bar, is allowed to drop down
jin a thin stream. Again shower upon
shower of sparks, surrounding the men
who, with chains and staves, control
the clumsy pot and pull along the
j crane. The grim old shop, with Its
floor of sand, its unrelenting dust and
; its dreariness, is made into a brilliant
! cavern for the moment, and the toil
; ing men are supernatural in the light.
A prosaic time follows, when the
I metal in the molds must cool. When
j the sand is finally knocked away the
I gun that is to be is only a rough mass
iof cast steel, indicating only to the
I expert its fine quality, and not even
to him in any degree, for the tests
must come to prove that. In the forg
ing shop this mass is hammered and
worked until it becomes an octagonal
ingot of just twice the weight it will
possess when it is finally turned and
bored into a "jacket" or "tube." The
hoc.ps. the third part of a gun, are
cast and forged hollow, not in solid
cylinders, as the jacket and tubes ara.
With the carrying away of the rough
ingot of steel from the forging shop
the special work of gun making comm
ences. The boring and turning fac
tory is the Bcene of the first step in
this process.
Completed suns, ready for mounting
and for fire, are not turned out in these,
gun shops. The finishing touches, the
actual puttinu together Of the parts of
the gun, the rilling itself, are done at
the ordnance works in Washington. It
is the business alone "f a gun shop to
make the steel and to hand over to the
army and the navy the three parts
of a great gun — the "tube," the "jacket
(which is slipped on over the tube and
then "shrunk on" by contraction) ana
the "hoops," two in number, which, for
the purpose of strengthening, are fitter!
on tightly over the muzzle end of the
tubes.
HOW NATIONS
DECLARE WAR.
NOTWITHSTANDING the fact
that most people consider a for
mal declaration of war necessa
ry before active measures can
be taken it is usually the case
in these go-ahead times that no
Warning whatever is given.
When Rome was mistress of the
world a declaration of war was a sol
emn function, attended with so much
ceremony that a special college of her
alds was always kept in readiness to
perform it when necessary. In me
dieval times letters of defiance served
to give warning of hostile intentions,
and still later heralds were sent to
throw down the gantlet and make a
verbal declaration of war*
In such times formal declarations
were necessary to differentiate between
the private br Is of a f^v barons and
a national war for which the commu
nity was responsiblf . but at the pres
ent day total concealment as long as
possible is the most universal rule. The
objects, says the writer in Tid-Bits,
of this are usual'" either to anticipate
the designs of some other power, to
avoid the onus of admitting a state of
war as long as possible, or to gain time
by swiftness of attack.
The latest instances of formal decla
ration by herald were in 1635. when
Louis 3^,111 sent a herald to declare
war against Spain, and in 1657 when
Sweden declared ■ r against Denmark
by herald sent to Copenhagen; while as
late as 1671 war between England and
Holland was declared by solemn proc
lamation.
As the most recent cases are those
likely to intluence the conduct of na
tions in the immediate future, the wars
of the present century are of the great
est interest at the present crisis.
In the quarrel between Russia and
Turkey which immediately preceded
the Crimean War, a formal declaration
was issued at Moscow by proclamation
of the Czar, and three days later, after
the Turks were well aware of the state
of affairs^ operations were commenced
in earnest.
In the cases of Britain and France
less consideration was shown. War
was formally declared by Britain on
March 22, 1854, and on the 31st it was
proclaimed by the High Sheriff of Lon
don from the steps of the Exchange.
But these declarations were made
merely to justify the step to the peo
ple and to ask for their approval and
help. Before that- time active opera
tions had commenced by the entry of
the British and French fleets into the
Dardanelles, contrary to treaty, and
the forced retreat of the Russian fleet,
to Sebastopol when the allies reached
the Black Sea.
On February 8 the Russian Minister
was withdrawn from London, and the
British and French Ministers from St.
Petersburg. Although such a step us
ually precedes war, and is often regard
ed as equivalent to a declaration.it only
signifies that all hope of successful dip
lomatic negotiation has been abandoned
and that war is likely to ensue. It does
not necessarily imply a st^ate of war,
such a state requiring some definite act
of hostility.
In the opium war of 1840, the Italian
wars of 1847 and 1849. the Anglo-Persian
war of 1856, the wars between Austria
and France in 1859, Prussia and Schles
wig-Holstein in 1863 and Brazil and
Uruguay in 1864, various hostile acts
were committed before any declaration
of war was made, although in some
cases manifestoes were issued to neu
tral powers. In the Austro-Italian war
of 1859, the Austro-Prussian war of 1566
and the Russo-Turkish war of 1877 the
declaration and active operations were
practically synonymous. In the last
mentioned case, for example, the Porte
received a co*"'of the declaration on the
evening of April 24, the very day on
which 50,000 Russian troops crossed the
Roumanian frontier.
The most notable instance in the pres
ent century of a formal declaration of
war being made before actual opera
A BIG GUN AFTER IT IS CAST AND MOUNTED
tio-ns were begun was that of >*»c
Franco-Prussian war in 1870. In KulZ
case the declaration was ai:".^.
forced, as the French, who wore UUs
aggressors, voted large war credits <
July 15, and on the following day th
French Minister returned to Paris. A
formal intimation of hostile intentions
was then sent to Berlin and laid before
the Parliament of the North German
Confederation on July 20.
On November 12, 1885, Britain was
honored by a declaration of war from
King Theebaw of Burmah, but it was
a needless formality o-n the part of his
dusky Majesty, for the British troops
were already on the way to his capital,
and the only reply to his challenge was
his deposition, which immediately en
sued.
THE ORLOFF DIAMOND.
At the beginning of the eighteenth
century a soldier belonging to one of
the French garrisons in India became
enamored of the eyes of Brahma in
the Temple of the Serringham. These
eyes were diamonds, more brilliant
than ever shone under the eyebrows of
Crapaud'a European divinities. Their
luster captivated his soul. He haunt
ed the temple and yielding to the might
of the god became a convert to his
worship. At least so he persuaded the
priests, who went so far as to admit
him to some care of the temple, doubt
less trusting Brahma to protect his
own. But on a stormy night the con
vert disappeared and with him one of
the idol's eyes, the other having resist
ed all his "efforts to dislodge it. So
Brahma was left squinting, and the
perfidious Frenchman sold his prize to
a captain in the English navy for about
$10,000.
Later it was bought by the Armenian
merchant Schaffras for more than five
times this sum. and was shown by him
to Catharine of Rups:;i. who offered for
it about $400,000, a life pension of $18,000
and a patent of nobility. Schaffras re
fused this offer and subsequently sold
the diamond to Gregory Orloff for the
same sum, without the patent of nobil
ity. Orloff, part author of Catharine's
greatness, and raised by her to the
steps of the throne.DISGUISED HERSELF IN MAN'S CLOTHING TO EARN HER LIVING.
Strange Story of a Young Woman Who Worked in
a Photograph Gallery on Market Street.
was scared half to death every time a man came near me, but no one seemrd
uspect me, and after a while I began to feel comfortable. At the outcome I found
that it is best not to try and be an imitation of the opposite sex/
HERE is the story of a young woman who laid aside her skirts,
disguised herself in men's clothes and worked among men daily
for months without any one suspecting her sex.
She adopted the disguise because she thought she could
earn a living easier and live cheaper. Now she thinks different
For months, under the name of John Warden. Miss Warren lived
just as a man among men in the ordinary duties of business life
Everybody in Fowzer's photograph gallery, where she worked as a re
toucher, treated Miss Warren as a "good fellow"; she was very popu
lar with all her acquaintances outside of the gallery.
; the boys got up a theater party and invited John Warden.
di<h)'t want to go because she knew that to go meant to drink a
two of beer, and she disliked liquor of any kind. It so hap
' that there was no ordinary way to escape the invitation so she
■ with three men.
tween the arts, as she expected, one of the party led the way to
oar John Warden, under protest, went along, and under
stronger protest, drank what she could of the schooner of beer.
"hei • home she threw aside her breeches, pulled her
skirt- out of her trunk. and determined to stick to them henceforth
because M gave her the privilege of refusing beer when she hated it.
Lrutside ol this reason was another. She had adopted male attire
' >n Eor herself, < She had succeeded, and she thought
that m her woman's dress she could continue to hold what she had
When next day John Warden appeared in woman's attire in Fow
zers photograph gallery there was the wildest kind of amazement all
md. In the hubbub Miss Warren managed to explain why she had
imed the disguise, and now she is working away there as calmly
and as successiully as when she wore breeches and drew the salary of
John Warden, retoucher.
Here is the story of Miss Warren's novel experience as a woman
<h^u!K'd as a man and working among men.
WHY did I di^uiso myself
as a man and work among
men?" repeated Miss War
ren. "Why, the reason is so
pimple I'm afraid you will
nut think much of It.
"To begin at the beginning, 1 am a
ountry girl, born — well, it doesn't mat
er where, but for some time I have
lad to struggle for myself. Pretty
hard it was, too, to learn 'the photo
graph business.
"After thinking the matter over care
fully 1 decided that trousers would be
of more use to me than skirts in niv
dfew profession, ajid decided when I left
home to don them.
"There was another reason, too. You
see, I am a very independent girl and
liked to earn my own bread. Well.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL 17, 1898.
there was another, a man, who fancied
that women were not fit to do that sort
of thing, and wanted me to marry him
and settle down and be comfortable.
Unfortunately we did not agree on that
point. He vowed that he would fol
low me, and so, to throw him off the
track, I decided to do what I had so
long planned; that is, to disappear as
a woman and appear as a plain, every
day working man, trying to 'earn a
living.
"When I reached the city I stopped
at a good hotel, and I tell you it eat
into my slim little purse, too. I then
went to a clothiers and ordered a suit
of clothes sent to my rooms for my
young cousin, Mr. John Warren.
"I then went to a lodging-house
cheap, but clean, and secured rooms for
the same young- man.
"The next night I packed my satchel
and left the hotel, and next morning I
hopped out of my room and into the
world as Mr. John Warren.
"How did it feel? Oh, it was awful
"I fancied every one was staring at
me and I felt like bolting into the first
friendly doorway that offered its shel
ter.
"My heart beat like a trip-hammer
every time I came near a policeman
and I finally hit upon the plan of cross
ing in the middle of the streets to evacU
them.
"At last I mustered up courage to go
to Mr. Fowzer.
" 'Jt/hn, brace up and be a man,' I
said to myself. "But in spite of my
best efforts it was only after two or
three attempts that I pulled myself to
gether and ventured into his office.
"Lord heavens, how I quaked and
trembled in my shoes when I had to
face a real man, and what was worse,
talk to him.
"However, after a few inward quakes
I managed to tell him what I wanted
and he kindly said that he would let
me come.
"For a long time after that every
thing was quiet. No one seemed to
suspect me and I began to feel com
fortable. I liked my suit of clothes
best on rainy days, no skirts to pick
ud and to eet draereled In the mud.
"Ah, yes, I was supremely happy in
those days. I felt immensely superior
to the rest of my sex.
"My <me source of annoyance was the
fact that my hair would grow too fast,
and finally it got so bad that the hor
rible fear began to dawn on me that I
i would have to go to a barber and have
it cut.
"Well, I went. Of course the barber
asked me if I wanted a shave. It's a
regulation question with them.
"I said no rather too emphatically, I
thought, for the barber stared hard at
me for a second and then set to work
on my hair.
" 'Why, what soft hair you have,' he
said, 'it's just like a woman's.'
"I nearly fainted, but managed to
mutter that I had often been told so.
"When I got out of his shop, like the
man on the Bowery, I resolved 'To
never go there anymore.'
"Mr. Fowzer has no doubt told you
about the theater invitations that
caused me so- much mental worry and
: anguish.
"It was this way. I make friends
easily, and soon after I came here the
| folks round here asked me to go out
with them. I escaped whenever I could,
but one time they caught me. Mr.
Fowzer had asked me to come to the
house and make one of a card party. I
thought that it would be all right, so I
consented.
"We had no sooner started when a
nephew of Mr. Fowzer's came in with
a box for the theater. Mrs. Fowzer
could not go, and I said that I would
rattier stay home with her. Seeing,
however, that I could no-t do that with
out attracting surprised attention, I re
luctantly consented to go.
"If you can imagine how I felt sitting
in the front of a box with three men,
you will know that the feeling was
anything but a jolly one.
"Between one of the acts one of the
party suggested something to refresh
the inner man, as he expressed it,
though 1 was thinking of the woman all
the while.
"I did my very best to escape the in
vitation, but only succeeded in making
! my position worse by refusing to go.
i Finally I saw that the easiest way to
get out of it was to go to the bar with
them and make a show of drinking.
"Oh, if my family could have seen
me. We filed into the bar and they
: called for beer.
"I was too wretched to do anything
! but nod my head when the> asked me
if I'd have the same!
"Have you ever seen one of the
dreadful things they call 'schooners of
steam beer?'
"It looked as large as a house to me.
If the earth could only have opened
| and swallowed me I would have been
\ happy. But the earth refused to do
I it. and still I stood desnaJrinerlv look
ing at the mountain of foam.
" 'Come, John, drink it. we haven't
much time; we don't wish to miss the
next act,' said Mr. Fowzer, and I
started in on that dreadful tower of
beer.
"Well. I got it down, and I can tell
you right here that it was the first and
last one I shall ever touch or anything !
that looks like it.
"When I got home that night I re- j
solved that my disguise would have to !
be dropped. I wouldn't take the risk
of having to drink that dreadful steam
beer again. I felt, too, that I had won
my way as a worker and that I could ■
make a living as a woman.
"So in a day or so I walked Into the j
gallery in my own clothes.
"You should have seen them stare.
"The -little boy snoke first. 'Why,
what is Mr. Warden 'loing in woman's
clothes, mamma?' he shouted, and then
I was deluged by a perfect flood of
questions.
"I explained things to them and ever
since then I have been here doing the
same work that I always did and find
HOW TO SUCCEED AS AN ORATOR.
WHAT advice would I give to
a young man ambitious to
become a successful public
speaker or orator?
In the first place I would
advise him to have some
thing to say — something worth saying
— something that people would be glad
to hear. This is the important thing.
Back of the art of speaking must be
the power to think. Without thoughts
i words are empty purses. Most people
i imagine that almost any words, uttered
in a loud voice and accompanied by ap
propriate gesture, constitute an ora
tion. I would advise the young man
| to study his subject, to find what others
j had thought, to look at it from all
sides.
Then I would tell him to write out
his thoughts or to arrange them in his
mind, so that he would know exactly
what he was going to say. Waste no
time on the how, until you are satisfied
with the what.
After you know what you are to say,
then you can think of how it should
be said. Then you can think about
tone, emphasis and gesture: but if you
really understand what you say, em
phasis, tone and gesture will take care
of themselves. All these should come
from the inside. They should be In
perfect harmony ",-ith the feelings.
Voice and gesture should be governed
by the emotions. They should uncon
sciously be in perfect agreement with
the sentiments. The orator should be
true to his subject, should avoid any
reference to himself.
The great column of his argument
should bt> unbroken. He can adorn it
with vines and flowers, but they should
not be in such profusion as to hide the
column. He should give variety of epi
sode by illustrations, but they should be
used only for the purpose of adding
strength to the argument.
The man who wishes to become an
orator should study language. He
should know the deeper meaning or
words. He should understand the vigor
and velocity of verbs and the color of
adjectives. He should know how to
sketch a scene, to paint a picture, to
give life and action. He should be a
poet and a dramatist, a painter and an
actor. He should cultivate his imagi
nation. He should become familiar with
the great poetry and fiction, with splen
did and heroic deeds. He should be a
student of Shakespeare. He should read
and devour the great plays. From
Shakespeare he could learn the art of
expression, of compression, and all the
secrets of the head and heart.
The great orator is full of variety —
of surprises. Like a juggler he keeps
the colored balls in the, air. He ex
presses himself in pictures. His speech
is a panorama. By continued change
he holds the attention. The interest
does not flag. He does not allow him-
that I like my own clothes much better
than the ones I adopted.
"I didn't find much difference in the
treatment I received from either men
or women, but I like my own clothes
best, and I never will try to be a man
again.
"You see, I thought it would not only
be easier to get around, but I thought
it would be cheaper; that a man could
get lodging in cheap places where a
woman would not care to go.
"I discovered, however, that it did
not make so much difference.
"Altogether I find that you can get
along in the world, be you either man
or woman, and I think it best not to try
and be an imitation of the opposite sex,
for you are sure to wish that you
hadn't before you get through.
"I shall probably leave here before
long. My course is almost completed
and I shall want to set up for myself.
"No, I shall riot open a gallery here.
I will go into some small place.
"Will I go as a man? Never again.
Stick to your own sex, that's what my
experience has taught me."
By Robert G. Ingersoll.
self to be anticipated. He is always in
advance. He does not repeat himself.
A picture is shown but once. So, an
orator should avoid the commonplace.
There should be no stuffing, no filling.
He should put no cotton with his silk,
no common metals with his gold. He
should remember that "gilded dust is
not as good as dusted gold." The great
orator is honest, sincere. He does not
pretend. His brain and heart go to
gether. Every drop of his blood is con
vinced. Nothing is forced. He knows
exactly what he wishes to do— knows
when he has finished it, and stops.
Only a great orator knows when and
how to close. Most speakers go on
after they are through. They are sat
isfied only with a "lame and impotent
conclusion." Most speakers lack va
riety. They travel a straight and dusty
road. The great orator is full of epi
sode. He convinces and charms by in
direction. He leaves the road, visits
the fields, wanders in the woods, listens
to the murmurs of springs, the songs
of birds. He gathers flowers, scales the
crags and comes back to the highway
refreshed, invigorated. He does not
move in a straight line. He wanders
and winds like a stream.
Of course no one can tell a man what
to do to become ~n orator. The great
orator has that wonderful thing called
presence. He has the strange some
thing known as magnetism. He must
have a flexible, musical voice, capable
of expressing the pathetic, the humor
ous, the heroic. His body must move in
unison with his thought. He must be
a reasoner, a logician. He must have
a keen sense of humor — of the laugh
able. He must have wit, sharp and
quick. He must have sympathy. His
smiles should be the neighbors of his
tears. He must have imagination. He
should give eagles to the air. and
painted moths should flutter In the sun
light.
While I cannot tell a man what to do
to become an orator, I can tell him a
fe-.' things not to do.
There should be no introduction to an
oration. The orator should commence
with his subject. There should be no
prelude, no flourish, no apology, no ex
planation. He should say nothing
about himself. Like a sculptor he
stands by his block of stone. Every
stroke is for a purpose.
As he works the form begins to ap
pear. When the statue is finished, the
workman stops. Nothing is more diffi
cult than a perfect close. Few poems,
few pieces of music, few novels end
well. A good story, a great speech, a
perfect poem should end just at the
proper point. The bud, the blossom,
the fruit. No delay. A great speech is
a crystallization in Its logic, an efflor
escence in its poetry.
To tell the truth, I have not
heard many speeches. Most of the
great speakers in our country were be
fore my time. I heard Beecher. and he
was an orator. He had imagination,
humor and intensity. His brain was
fertile as the valleys of the iropl-s.
He was too broad, too philosophic, too
poetic for the pulpit.
"Miss Warren carried out her part as
a young chap earning a living ex
tremely well," said Mr. Fowzer. "None
of us in the gallery here had the slight
est suspicion that John Warden was
anything but a real, up-to-date man,
entitled to wear men's clothes and
work among men as a man. That's
the reason we invited him. or rather
her, to the theater party. Warden was
somewhat shy, but we attributed that
to youth and natural diffidence.
"When we look back at what hap
pened at the theater party it all seems
funny enough now. Warden seemed ap
palled at the size of the schooner of
beer. We noticed it. but we men were
all thinking about the play and about
getting back to our seats, so outside of
'joshing' him, or rather her, a bit we
did not make anything out of it.
"Togged out in her man's clothes she
seemed just like any other young felc
low, only, as I said, retiring and quiet.
"If you ask the men in the gallery I
guess they'll tell you she makes more
of a hit in woman's clothes than in
man's."
Xow and then he broke the fetters
! of his creed, escaped from his orthodox
j prison and became sublime.
Theodore Parker was an orator. He
preached great sermons. His sermons
: on "Old Age" and "Webster," and his
: address on "Liberty" were filled with
'•■ great thoughts, marvelously exprer.s
ed. When he dealt with human events,
i with realities, with things he knew, he
i was superb. When he spoke of free
' dom, of duty, of living to the ideal, of
! mental integrity, he seemed inspired.
W r ebster I never heard. He had
| great qualities; force, "dignity, clf-ar
[ ness, grandeur: but, after all, he wor
| shiped the past. He kept his back
Ito the sunrise. There was no dawn in
! his brain. He was not creative. He
i had no spirit of prophecy. He lighted
'no torch. He was not true to his ideal.
IHe talked sometimes as though his
i head was among the stars, but he stood
in the gutter.
Clay I never heard, but he must have
had a commanding presence, a chival-
I ric bearing, a heroic voice. He cared
i little for the past. He was a natural
! leader, a wonderful talker— forcible.
] persuasive, convincing. He was not a
j poet, not a master of metaphor, but he
< was practical. He kept in view the
j end to be accomplished. He was the
! opposite of Webster. Clay was the
■ morning, Webster the evening. Clay
had large views, a wide horizon. He
was ample, vigorous and a little tyran
: nical.
Benton was thoroughly common
place. He never uttered an inspired
word. He was an intense egotist. No
subject was great enough to make him
forget himself. Calhoun was a politi
cal Calvinist — narrow, logical, dog
matic. He was not an orator. He de
livered essays, not orations.
S. S. Prentiss was an orator, but,
with the recklessness of a gamester, he
threw his life away. He said profound
and beautiful things, but he lacked ap
plication. He was dispropor
ticned — saying ordinary things on great
occasions, and now and then, without
the slightest provocation, uttering the
sublimest and most beautiful thoughts.
Lincoln had reason, wonderful humor
and wit. but his presence was not good.
His voice was poor, his gestures awk
ward — but his thr.-ughts were profound.
His speech at Gettysburg is one of the
masterpieces of the world. The word
"here" is used four or five times too
often. Leave the heres out and the
speech is perfect.
Of course I have heard a great many
talkers, but orators are few and far
between. They are produced by vic
torious nations— born in the midst of
great events, of marvelous achieve
ments. They utter the thoughts, the
aspirations of their age. They clothe
the children of the people in the
gorgeous robes of genius. They inter
pret the dreams. With the poets, they
prophesy. They fill the future with
heroic forms, with lofty deeds. They
keep their faces toward the dawn—
toward the ever-coming day.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by S. S. McClur« O*.
1920
HOW THE BIG PARIS EXPOSITION OF 1900 WILL LOOK.
IT is not too soon to s«p"ulate
upon just what part the United
States will play in the coming
Paris Exposition of 1900. The Call
is enabled to give a forecast of
tli" plans in so far as they had
been perfected by the special commis
sioner, the late Moses P. Handy, as em
bodied in an advance copy of the Pres
ident's message to < 'ongress.
From this document it is shown that
the prospects for an adequate American
exhibit are ver* bright, considering the
delay in the initial arrangements. The
messauv recommends an appropriation
of 5&7H. 600. In dealing with this the
President says:
"In view of the magnitude and
importance <>f the approaching ex
position and of our standing
among the nations which will be
there represented, and in view also
of our Increased population and ac
knowledged progress in arts, s<-i
ence and manufactures, I earnestly
commend the report of Major Han
dy to your consideration and trust
that a liberal appropriation may be
made. Moreover, the magnificent
exhibit oi ill.' French Uoverntnerit
at Chicago in 1893, on which $1,000,
000 was expended, should be a
strong incentive to reciprocal liber
ality on the part of the Government
of " the United States, and
suggests to our citizens the
necessity as well as the pro
priety of installing at the Paris
Exhibition an exhibit oil a- par with
that of the Government and people
of France at Chicago, and in keep
ing with the scope and extent of
the preparations which are being
made by nearly all the important
nations <<f the earth for theft" pro.
posed exhibits in that exposition."
Major Handy's report is full of meat.
He describes in detail the eventually
successful struggle for appropriate
space, and how the space will be al
lotted. He gives comparisons based
upon past expositions, and throws out
many valuable hints to prospective ex
hibitors. The space originally reserved
for the United States was little more
than that awarded in ISS9.
The following table shows the total
allotment of space:
Total Allot
ment.
Department— Square Feet.
Liberal arts 10,750
Fine arts •
Machinery, electricity and appliances.... 48,420
Agriculture anc} food products 24.74S
Horticulture •
Forest, chase <>nil fisheries *
Mines nil mining 7.532
Manufactures 21,520
Manufactures 12,9111
Manufactures 4,301
Transportation and civil engineering 17,216
Social economy and hygiene •
Colonization •
Army and navy •
Tot al 147, 403
• Allotment not yet made.
To form a fair judgment as to the
equity of this allotment it is essential
to recall the superficial areas of the
several universal expositions that have
been held in Paris since 1867. The ex
position of that y< ar occupied L 62 acres;
that of istx, 187 acres, and that of 1889,
240 acres, while the space at present
available for that of 1900 is about 336
acres. The full extent of the allotment
of the United States is not fully set
forth in the above table, there being
no allotment it will be observed, in the
departments of fine arts. Horticulture,
forestry, chase and fisheries, social
economy and hygiene, colonization and
army and navy.
The vexed question of classification
lias been profoundly studied in all its
aspects by M. Picard, the commissary
general,, and by the superior commis
sion. The difficulties, in fact the. utter
impossibility, of devising a scheme of
claasilication absolutely logical and en
tirely free from practical disadvantages
were fully recognized. The commission
examined with great care. the classifi
cations of all the international expo
sitions of the past, both in France and
other countries, and considered fully
the various criticisms to which they
have been subjected in the light of the
actual results achieved.
For the classification at the approach
ing exposition, that of lKh9 i.s taken a.s
a point of departure, and such moditi
cations have been made as were sug
gested by the legitimate criticisms of
which it was the object, and by the
lessons taught by foreign expositions.
The post of honor is occupied by edu
cation, "the channel by which man en
ters into life, the source of all pro
gress." Next come the works of art,
and the third place is assigned to the
lnstru t m t en,ts and^ general processes of
•letters, science and arts. Then come
'•the great factors of contemporary pro
duction, the most Powerful agents of
industrial achievement at the end or
the nineteenth century"-"* 'ferial
and general processes of mechan cs
electricity civil engineering, methods
of transportation. Next follow the ex
ploitation and the products .superficial
or subterranean, of the earth-agricul
ture, horticulture, forestry, the chase,
fisheries, placer mining, food stuffs
mines and metallurgy.- Next m order
are decorations and furnishing of pub
lic buildings and habitations, threads, -
yarns tissues, textile fabrics, wearing
apparel chemical industries, various
manufactures-. - ."Social .economy, -to.
which have been reserved the develop
ments worthy of its actual role, follows
naturally the various branches of artis
tic agricultural and industrial produc- j
tlon." It will embrace also hygiene and
public or organized charity.
• The interest in the exposition shown
by Americans seems: to be very great.
In his report. Major Handy says: "Ap
plications informally made by individ
ual exhibitors show bona ride demands
for J52,%9 square feet, besides estimat
ed requirements of associated educa
tion, arts and mines to the extent of
125,000 square feet. In other words,
two years before t.ie date fixed for the
opening of the exposition there is a de
mand for more space than was ever
occupied by the United States in any
international exposition on foreign SOIL
These demands emphasize the neces
sity of co-operating with the authori
ties of the exposition in their earnest
determination to make it one of selec
tion. '&*?"'*%£
"France sets a good example in re
quiring that all applications for space
shall be passed upon by two juries of
selections, or boards of examiners.
Germany, heartily secondine France's
intentions, proposes also to thoroughly
sift all applications and send to Paris
only those articles which survive the
most careful expert scrutiny. 'Only
products of the first class will be ac-
pted." says Mr. Hichter, the German
Commissioner - General. I strongly
recommend that we follow the same
policy, and would suggest that no
article be shipped to Paris for exhibi
tion until it has passed the most crit
ical scrutiny of the Commissioners or
committees of their appointment.
"My idea would be to have commit
tees for this purpose sit in New York
and Chicago, and perhaps in other
cities, whose duty it shall be not only
to sift exhibits, thoroughly, reiecting
all that are commonplace,. trivial or in
any respect, unworthy, but also to scale
down the space to reasonable dimen
sions in every case. It cannot be tod
thoroughly: understood that in the
coming international exposition the
difficulty will not be to get exhibitors,
i but to moderate the demands of exhib
itors and to- meet in any degree the
requirements, of such exhibits as will
be a credit and honor to thia country."
The propriety of having a special de
partment-for the display of woman's
work, to be installed and managed by
women, has 1 been urged upon the ad
ministrative council of the exposition,
but so far without perceptible effect.
The Midway Plaisance of the World's
Columbian Exposition will have its
counterpart, and the authorities are
busying themselves devising plans or
passing upon those of individuals, for
the amusement of the crowds that will
throng the grounds in 1900. Quaint and
queer customs of the little known na
tions. are to be shown, making it possi
ble for one to See the ends of the earth
without journeying that distance.
Work upon the grounds and buildings
is proceeding rapidly, although with
great care, and there is no doubt that
the exhibits will have been installed
by April 18, 1900, the date set for the
opening of the exposition. The site will
be practically .the same as was occu
pied by the exposition of ISB9, the total
space being 336, acres— 96 more than
was available for the last exposition.
The area compared with that of the
World's Columbian Exposition of 1593,
which occupied nil of Jackson Park and
the Midway Plaisanee — 740 acres in all
— shows the limitations with which the
officials have to contend. A larger space
might have hi-'-n had in the suburbs,
but the Municipal Council of Paris and
the Council-General of the Seine De
partment strongly opposed all propo
sals to locate any part of the exposition
outside of the city.
The industrial progress of the United
States and the evolution of its material
resources during the hundred years
which the exposition is to crown have
been unequaled by that of any other
Ration. It is not too much to say that
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APIUL IT, I»*JS.
BIRDSEYE VIEW OF THE GREAT PfIRIS EXPOSITION OF 1900
(IS IT WILL LOOK WHEN COMPLETED.
DRAWN FROM THE ARCHITETCT'S DESIGNS.
the United States now stands the
greatest nation of the worlu in all the
great lines of industry.
MAKING MODELS FOR THE
EXHIBITION BUILDINGS.
NOT the least interesting part of
the Paris Exposition of 1900 will
be the exhibit in exact miniature
on the same general scale and in
their proper relative positions of
all the various buildings which are
comprised in the undertaking, most of
which are already well under way.
The construction of the two new
palaces of fine arts, "Le Petit Palais"
and the "Grand Palais," which are to
be left standing for permanent use, is
now being pushed with feverish activ
ity, as the time allowed for their com
pletion will admit, of no delay.
These two buildings face each other
from opposite sides of the new avenue
leading from the new Pont d'Alexan
dre 111 to the Avenue dcs Champs
Elysees, just west of the Palais de la
Concorde, where is placed the princi
pal entrance to the exposition grounds.
The Petit Palais, after serving Its pur
pose at the exposition, will be devoted
to such permanent and special uses as
are justified by its location and size,
while the "Grand Palais," standing as
it does on the site of the old "Palais de
l'lndustrie," will take the place of that
well known and often crowded struct
ure, receiving each year the crowds
which throng to the horse show, to
the salon and all the fetes, celebra
tions and exhibitions that industry and
art and even politics seek to shelter in
busy Paris.
Any curtailed description of this
building would fail to cou.ey a proper
idea of its magnificence. The fine and
delicate taste displayed by its author,
M. Deglanne, will justly place his name
among the first architects of the age,
and leave to future generations a fine
specimen of French "art at the end of
the nineteenth century. His work has
been a lengthy one, as was that of the
other architects.
The plans evolved after long study In
the offices being submitted to Mr. Pi
card, the director-general of the expo
sition, were considered closely and at
length in their detail and entirely by
a commission of experts, and then re
turned for such changes and modifica
tions as seemed desirable, again and
again until a satisfactory result was
reached.
The general design for the Grand
Palais was the work of M. Deglanne,
but the execution thereof was too much
for one man. lie has four architects
in chief and forty subordinates, be
sides clerks and draughtsmen, under
him, devoted and loyal fellow workers
toward the common end. These in
stalled in the central part of the old
Palace of Industry are giving their en
tire time and attention to the erection
of the two new palaces.
: For this work, on such a considera
ble scale and of such permanent and
durable character, the architects have
invoked the aid of every kindred art
and means of assisting them in the
fullest study and development of their
designs and bringing out the appear
ance and effect that the completed
work would have, and so working up
to the highest degree of excellence, be
fore entering upon the final execution.
As is well known, plans and draw
ings made' by geometrical rules on a
plane surface, must suffer much distor
tion when put in perspective; much of
the structural grandeur and beauty is
lost and the symmetrical relation of
one part to another cannot be fairly
estimated, even when brought out to
the best advantage by the most skilled
hand. It persistently refuses to reveal
the true conception of the master mind,
and so far as it fafls short of the ideal
he has conceived, so far must the pro
duct of the constructor's skill be lack
ing.
Among other thing's the French arch
itects have in this instance had re
course to the construction of "ma
quettes" or models, veritable little pal
aces, in plaster, which skilled sculptors
construct under^ their. Immediate d,irec-
;-.^t
j tion. This work is tedious and delicate,
requiring special artists, and of neces
| sity, therefore, quite expensive. The
model of the "Grand Palais dcs Beaux
Arts " on a scale of 0.01 meters has oc
! cupied a number of sculptors more than
a year? and cost more than 30,000
; francs.
For the construction of these models
the architects give to the sculptors ex
act designs of the ground plans and fa
cades which they are to reproduce. On
\ a bench especially designed for this
purpose the sculptor establishes a true
plane surface which serves as a base
! for the whole construction. On this
surface he traces with much care
the plan of the edifice, without regard
; to the interior details, as the model is
! only intended to show what can be seen
from the exterior.
The principal parts are made sepa-
r ately, then mounted and joined to
i gether with a liquid plaster paste to
i form a whole. Each part is given to a
special workman. The profiles are cut
in sheets of zinc, and take the name of
"Kabarits." These, guided by a straight
' edge, are drawn over a layer of fresh
plaster, reproducing all the sinuosities
'of the profile. All the cornices and the
straight and curved moldings generally
are made in this manner.
LADY YARDE-BULLER'S
EVENTFUL LIFE.
JUST where is the dividing line be
tween mere harmless eccentricity
and that which the doctors con
aider insanity, and how soon will
Lady Yarde Duller reach and
cross it?
This is the question which is just
now being seriously considered by all
those who arc, from either friendly or
mercenary motives, interested in the
present welfare and ultimate fate of
the woman whose erratic conduct for
several years past has estranged her
from many of those who should be near
and dear to her, and placed her to a
great degree under the ban of public
opinion.
The story of the life of brave General
Kirkham's eldest child reads almost
| like a purely imaginary and not over
pleasing romance. Little did the gallant
soldierfatherthink, when he, for the first
time, cradled his first born in his strong
arms and looked down at the innocent
little face, fair and sweet as the petal
of an apnle-blossom, resting against
the breast of his dark blue uniform,
j that that pretty babe would make her-
I self a theme for the ill-natured gos
sip of two continents; that she would
render her loving mather's last days
most unhappy through an unseemly
legal wrangle over wealth which fate
had in store for him, but of which he
then did not even dream; and that she
would find herself, in her later years,
practically deserted by all the friends
of her youth, at war with her sisters,
accused of vulgar drunkenness, arrest
ed and driven through the streets of
Oakland irva patrol wagon, and forced
to endure d* examination as to her
mental condition before she was al
lowed to regain her freedom.
All these things have, however, hap
pened to Mary Leilah Kirkham al
ready. As to. her future, since she has
lost none of the, spirit which in the
past has led her slender feet through
many devious and thorny paths, it
seems more than probable that it will
be no more peaceful and conventional
than her adventurous and stormy past
has been.
Leilah was won by David Boyd Blair,
a handsome and very agreeable man,
of whom sh^ was both fond and proud
in those days before she had begun to
think of titles and London society
triumphs, and made her homf in a com
fortable but unpretentious house not
far from the family mansion. Julia
married an army man — Major Murry
Davis of the Eighth United States Cav
alry — and died twenty years since. The
third daughter became Mrs. James D.
Safford, and the youngest was wedded
to Dr. F. L. Wheeler of Oakland.
Of the four not one save JLeilah ever j
gave evidence of being in any way spe- I
dally different from the well-appear- !
ing, well-educated, well-bred people j
among whom they found their friends |
and acquaintances; and even she, dur- ;
ing the brief years of her first mar- I
riage, found her happiness with her
husband, her home and her pets, and
later with the two baby boys, to whom
In spite of her vagaries she still clings
With an unswerving devotion, which
proves that whatever her outward
faults may have been, and however
much she has become prejudiced !
against others of her own blood, a true
woman's heart beats in her bosom.
There are some who knew "beautiful !
Mrs. Blair," as she was called in those i
happy days, who declare that from the
loss of her husband dates the begin- i
ning of those small peculiarities of
thought and speech and conduct which I
have since given her unpleasant prom
inence before that portion of the world ;
who love to criticize, comment and
condemn. Be that as it may. after a !
time she fancied that she could once
again find happiness, and in 1886 be
came the wife of a young Englishman j
of fine family and presumably large re- I
sources — Walter Yarde Buller, a I
IMPRISONED ON AN ICE FLOE
Stirring adventure of Third Mate Tilton, the volunteer, who came out of the Arctic Circle to bring news of the starving
whalers.
SINCE George F. Tilton shipped
to the Arctic in March
of last year as third mate of the
whaler Belvedere; he has had an
experience that few men would
have the courage to voluntarily
undergo, that of walking thousands of
miles in the desolate Alaska territory,
to carry news of the icebound ships and
save his comardes- from starvation.
Success in reaching civilization meant
life to hundreds of helpless men. Fail
ure meant death, through hunger, for
all of them.
"The most trying and difficult por
tion of the journey," said Mr. Tilton, in
relating his adventures, "was that
which I encountered between Cape Lis
bon and Point Hope. I found myself
imprisoned on an ice floe. After work
ing my way down the mountain to
reach iee — traveling on the ice being the
preferable mode in that country — I
came to the water's edge. Turning back
I found water again. The ice had sep
arated, leaving me on a floating island
with cliffs so high on either side that
to reach shore was impossible.
"Arctic ice becomes shelved by con
stant pressure. The only means of es
cape lay in dislodging a cake or layer
of the vast mass upon which I was
drifting and utilizing it as a boat. By
chopping with an ax, using also an ice
pick, shovel. and snow knife, and pry
ing with tent poles, I succeeded after
eight hours of the hardest work of my
life in detaching my improvised boat.
Upon this I paddled a distance of half
a mile or so, reaching ice which I could
travel over for about six miles. I
then made a landing, and for the rest
of the day and the next night did not
break camp, so exhausted had the trip
made me.
"Yes, I encountered a number of wild
animals. In the far north, in what is
called the Point Barrow district, the
ice is very jagged and in crossing it
one is apt at any turn to come directly
upon a polar bear. If cornered, or en
countered too quickly for them to es
cape, they are desperate fighters, and
a man traveling in that district should
keep his rifle in constant readiness to
shoot. I was obliged to kill two in
my journey. If they, scent a human
—
ydUnger brother of Lord Churnton
(Baron Thurston)— and for several
years after that event was one of the
reigning "married belles" of London so
ciety.
For a time her second marriage
seemed a happy one, but soon dissen
sions arose between herself and her
husband. She was high-spirited and in
dependent—a typical American girl in
this regard surely, though she makes a
great point now of being made by her
marriage an English woman— inclined
to be a trifle more free in speech and
act than her staider English associates,
and she possessed a fine capacity for
spending money, which capacity was
not equaled by the amount which Mr.
Yarde-Buller thought sufficient for her
needs.
It can readily be seen that under
these conditions there was a fine field
for domestic difficulties. And as it was
not in her nature to endure reproof or
admonition with even simulated pa
tience the family life of the Yarde-Bul
lers was for some time a most unhappy
one.
The death of her father complicated
matters for the unhappy wife, for it
was found that his property, the value
of which was estimated to be at least
$2,000,000, really amounted to only a lit
being or see one, they are as anxious
as he is to avoid the encounter.
"Wolves are easily kept away if dogs
are around, the barking of dogs suffic
ing to alarm them. Otherwise blank
cartridges should be thrown around the
outside of the tent, as the smell of
powder will always drive them away.
"Travel in Alaska is unutterably
dreary. As far as the eye can reach
there is an apparently endless expanse
of snow and ice. Sometimes in the
distance one will see a cape or head
land and hope for vegetation or human
habitation beyond, but when the point
is reached it only reveals what one has
looked upon for days, perhaps weeks
and months — a monotonous, barreii
world of ice and snow. The earth
never seemed so vast a place as dur
ing that trip on its surface. I thought
that the higgest part of the world lay
within the Arctic circle.
"It was my first experience with a
dog team and I am told I have made
the greatest number of miles— 33Bo,
from Point Barrow to Katmai— so far
traveled by one man with dog sleds.
Some of my shipmates had advised me
to take my dogs into the tent at night
in order to get acquainted with them,
that they might not be so willing to
desert me. Well, I tried it to my satis
faction. Crowd eight dogs into a ten;
scarcely large enough for three per
sons and have them jump over you in
a fight-to-the-finish contest all night,
during which you lose a fingernail or
two, and what few clothes you have,
and you will come to the conclusion
that you would rather part with a dog
once in a while than get thoroughly
'acquainted' with him. No matter how
many miles an Alaska dog has traveled
or how tired he is at night, he is al
ways in prime condition for a fight.
"I lost about fifty dogs altogether.
Some I was obliged to shoot, some went
crazy and some ran away. I secured
more from the natives as I went along,
and from the whites who had trading
posts. When the flesh on their feet
wore through from travel on the snow
it froze again, and I would have to
shoot them to end their suffering. In
order to keep dogs in good condition
they .should never be fed on cooked
fish. Dry or frozen fish should be
their diet, with seal oil to keep them
warm. They should not be driven
more than three days without an in
termission of one day's rest. I only
used mine four days when It was ab
solutely necessary, in order to make a
j=ia_tion, where they could, recuperate^
tie over $570,000, and even that was left
in trust to Mrs. Kirkham instead of be
ing divided between her and her daugh
ters.
Mentally tortured with her domestic
differences and greatly in need of
money to settle outstanding obligations
Mrs. — or Lady, as she prefers to be
called — Yarde-Buller came to this coun
try and tried to make a financial set
tlement with her family, but failing to
convince her mother and sisters of the
desirability of her plan quarreled with
them so seriously that the breach has
never been healed.
The death of Mrs. Kirkham partly
settled the difficulty over the property,
but as Mrs. Yarde-Buller has not as yet
come into possession of her share i-he
has had much difficulty with Impatient
creditors, and has been forced *o ive
very quietly. Her two sons, who seem
to have inherited not a little of the
brave Kirkham spirit which won their
grandfather deserved renown, are both
loyal to her. One of them is a lieu
tenant in the British army, but the
other is with her in this country, and
in all her difficulties, whether she be
right or wrong, she is sure of their sym-.
pathy and unswerving affection.
The worst faults cf this much talked*
about woman seem to be an almost un
limited capacity for getting into legal
wrangles with her fellow creatures, not
regulating her expenditures by her
tangible income, and taking no pains
whatever to avoid "the speech of peo
ple."
Several of my dogs I brought clean
through with me from Point Barrow.
"Once I hired a native guide who
got lost. Then my seafaring knowl
edge came to our rescue. Talcing my
chart, parallel rule and compass I
shaped my course across the plains ex
actly as though I were at sea and we
came out all right. I would rather
take ten thousand journeys by water
than repeat that Arctic journey on
land.
"But my trip was not altogether de
void of humorous incident. When trav
eling between the Buckland River and
Norton Bay, on the Kouack River, I
had walked all day, intending to make
Norton Bay by dark, but failing to do
so pitched camp. I had just finished
a supper of hard tack and canned
meats when I heard a mournful noise
outside the tent. I called out, asking
what was the matter.
"The reply came that it was an In
dian father, searching for his son, who
he feared was lost, he having gone to
his hunting traps fully twenty-four
hours before and had not returned.
"I invited the man in to eat. He sat
down Turk fashion and proceeded to
devour a tin of baked beans, three
large, partly frozen biscuit, three cups
of coffee and some canned meat. I
asked him if he would not have some
more, when he rose to go.
" 'No,' he replied, sadly, "I cannot eat
until I have found my son. I have no
appetite when he is perhaps in danger."
"Not being overstocked with pro
visions I was very glad I had not been
obliged to appease the old man's hun
ger when he had his normal appetite
with him.
"The missionaries were invariably
most kind to me. At Point Hope I
objected to taking a native woman with
me, but her husband would not go
without her. I believe that I owe my
successful trip from Point Hope to her
faithful care, and advise all travelers
to secure, if possible, the services of a
native woman. She repaired my boots
and clothing daily, carried my deer
skin stockings in her packer and even
slept on them in order to dry them.
Her knowledge of what was necessary
to preserve the health proved of no
small value to me."
In New South Wales alone as many
as 25,280,000 rabbits have been killed
in one year, and their skins paid for.
The rabbit pest in New Zealand began
with the introduction c-f seven rabbits
iJiQ tfe e country about 1860,HERE ARE ADVENTURES MORE WONDERFUL THAN ANY IN THE ARABIAN NIGHTS
BORN in a dug-out on that bleakest, most deso
late of alien shores, Alaska's sea coast; cradled
j n a hole in the jround, nourished by raw fish
and animal oils,. eing naught: for the thirty
or forty years of your life but ice Hoes, snow,
the people of your race and sailors; your horizon
bounded on the west by the skeleton rigging of an ice
locked whaling ship and on the east by an occasional
forest of skeleton trees— then transported to the very
heart of the nineteenth century civilization, and what,
pray, would be your sensations?
Ask of Kunana and Tickey, if you wouJd know, for
triA- are the only people in San Francisco who have
had that experience and who are capable of answering
the question.
] t was on ister Sunday that these chocolate-com
plexioned natives of the far north arrived within our
pates. If their small, beady eyes be ,no bigger and
their capacious mouths no wider at this end of the
nturous week, my word for it that 'tis not for
lac!: of exercise, for eyes and mouths have been put
to severest tests of expansion since our city and its
Two simple people have just been transported from one world to another. Tickey and Kunana, his wife, the two Esquimau guides
who accompanied Third Mate Tilton on his extraordinary trip through Alaska to bring the tidings from the icebound whaling fleet,
have been taken around the city by a Call representative and shown a few of the simple wonders of the "white man. these
two natives have been living in a condition of dazed wonder ever since their arrival. So paralyzed are they with our everyday
siehts that they will not venture anywhere unless Mr. Tilton is by their side to assure them that the earth will not swallow them
or that something out of the sky will not grab them away. When the first railroad car they boarded began to move Mrs. Tickey
grabbed Mr. Tilton and screamed. "Look! look! the white man's houses are all running away." For days they would not ven
ture into an elevator, "the house that runs up and down."
In their opinion "the white man can do anything he desires," make houses fly, stars shoot or stand on the street to light the
way make rivers run up hill and make fire come and go just as he pleases.
Mr Tilton says that when these two wonder-stricken natives return home and tell about the everyday sights they have seen,
<ucb as' electric and cable cars, electric lights, steam cars, gas, hydrants in the house, elephants, lions, etc., every one will set
them down as crazy and say, " Oh, the white man has bewitched you. There are no such things."
Meanwhile Mr. and Mrs. Tickey rub their heads daily and gasp at everything they see. Sometimes they shake each other
and say, "Am 1 awake or asleep?"
They will be taken back to their icebound northern home on the first steamer to the Arctic, and the tales they will have to tell
will hold ttte incredulous natives spellbound tor years to come.
complex wonders came within their ken.
To these simple souls, dog-like in devotion yet
ferocious in their savagery when racial instincts rise
uppermost, the Land of the White Man Is a region
of the incomprehensible, where the evidence of the
senses may. not be believed.
Tell them that the White Man can darken the
sun In high heaven, drain the great ocean dry to its
uttermost depths and lasso a corner of the new moon
els she glides through starry space, and they will
believe you. Have they not seen things more mar
velous than these come to pass in our strange, en
chanted world?
Mr and Mrs. Tickey are guests at a down-town
hotel, in care of G. F. Tilton. In a private dining
room they sample thrice daily the American bill of
fare, and if they be compelled to forego the dainties
to which they have been accustomed in the way of
seal, walrus, "bear and whale au natural, with blub
ber sauce and frozen fish on the side, left over from
last year's catch, they do not complain, lour true
Esquimau is not one to voice hardships.
They are learning our ways very fast, are the
Tickeys Already they wield knife and fork with the
grace and dexterity to be expected from hands ac
customed to whacking refractory ice floes with oars
and jabbing harpoons into a whale's hide. For at home,
at Point Hope, they go out in their skin boat in search
of whales, the traders paying them in provisions and
clothing, and while the man pursues the monster, the
woman, who pulls a better stroke than he, propels
the boat. . .
To their joy they have found ice here, unfamlllarly
clean, 'tis true, but ice nevertheless, and during the
long, hot days just past, the bell boys have been kept
actively in transit between their apartments and the
ice chest, with pitchers klink-klinking along the route
in musical response to the three-bell summons at the
push-button.
Nor have these guileless wayfarers attempted to
blow out the gas. When they are ready to dispense
with its rays at night they ring for a bell-boy to
"put out the fire," as they call it in their tongue,
for they know not so much as a word of any other.
As to their speech, it is like unto nothing that we
ordinarily hear. It sounds as the incoherent stutter
ing of a linotype machine might, if talked into a pho
nograph. Translated, Tickey means -'thimble," which
article the Esquimaux fashion out of a walrus tusk.
Kunana is -Morning Star," and the name of their
little son in the Arctic signifies "valley."
Kunana Is not a beauty, but there is a certain
plcturesqueness in her uncorseted outlines and a
dumb kindliness in her face. Across one cheek a deep
Bcax tells of past tragedy.
In her youth Kunana was the wife of the chief of
her tribe, who one day laid her cheek open with a
knife when she dared to displease him. He sup
plemented this conjugal attention with an attempt to
murder her. Her old father appeared upon the domes
tic scene and shot him dead.
Tickey, some ten years her senior, then came to
woo, and having in the required space of time killed
and trapped enough animals to prove himself a good
provider, her father consented to their union. The
rest of the tribe were called in to feast on the game
and the bride went to her husband's dug-out to live
happily ever after, her chin painted with three black
perpendicular marks, signifying wlfehood.
Their native costume ir. bull:- but light in weight
and consists of two deerskin suits — one worn with the
fur next the skin, the other with the fur outside.
Kunana looks with unqualified disapproval upon
the hat of the "white squaw." A shawl over her head
is the only compromise she can be induced to con
sider. Her hands are strong and plentifully ringed,
her inky-black hair braided behind each ear, and hid
den somewhere "twixt chin and waist is her beloved
pipe, with its curving stem made of wood, its bowl of
brass, and its tobacco and match accessories.
It was at Astoria that Mr. Tilton, who speaks their
language, took his attendants f<>r their first ride be
hind horses. To them a horse is the "White Man's
dog," a carriage and a cable car his "sled." So little
have they in their barren country witn which to com
pare the astonishing sights they soe that the must
they can do is to exclaim and gesticulate. Watching
their varying expressions of countenance, the bewild
erment reflected there and the impossibility of their
minds gaining the ieast clew to the kaleidoscope of
mysteries surrounding them, is entertainment for the
onlooker of a rare kind.
Fear they know not the meaning of, so implicit is
their faith in Mr. Tilton. If he should walk to the
end of Fisherman's wharf, drop into ihe bay and
swim to Goat Island, I believe that th^re would be a
brace of dusky Esquimaux at his heels to land with
him. And they would not regard the proceeding as
at all unusual in a country where "sleds" swoop down
upon them in all directions without four-footed aid;
where "little houses," as they term elevators, dart
dizzily skyward by invisible means; where people
drink water from totem poles— for such to them are
the city's fountains; where a searchlight hunts one
out in the darkness, in the twinkling of an eye; where
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL IT, 1898.
the stars themselves seem to drop earthward and
wink at you from "a glass box on a stick" each night
—their conception of street lamps— or blaze whitely at
you in incandescent glory from one end of the big
village to the other, on streets that interlace like the
cords of a fishnet.
• • •
The tram lay near the Park entrance awaiting the
conductor's signal to speed to the Cliff. Kunana and
her mate surveyed the cars curiously. Why did the
white man build a row of houses on hoops instead
of on the ground? A bell clanged and 10, the dwel
lings apparently picked themselves up and vanished.
Tickey stood" as though petrified. Kunana, being
a woman, was the first to articulate. She caught at
Mr. Tilton's sleeve.
"The houses'." she gasped. "The white mans
houses! They are all moving out of town!"
In faith, the dug-outs of her ancestors had deserted
them in no such weird fashion.
"The Chutes," I thought, as I laughed at their
amazement. What fun to take them there! Would
Mr. Tilton mind? Not at all, he said. Never a step,
though, would his companions budge unless he went,
too. So we traveled thence, an odd quartet, and
thereby hangs this tale.
• • •
Once, on a country road, I saw a Chinaman driver
clutching desperately the reins of a runaway horse
attached to a rheumatic wagon load of garden pro
duce. His queue cleaved the air behind him, a black
streak against the horizon, and at every bounce over
the highway's ruts the vehicle discarded a fresh in
voice of vegetables. Presently a violent lurch sent
the wheels spinning in air and for an instant the
dusty expanse seemed full of somersaulting China
man. Then he landed, badly scared but unhurt, upon
a pyramid of carrots and cabbages in the middle of
the road. I thought it the funniest thing that could
happen, but I had not then officiated as guide, phil
osopher, friend and envoy extraordinary to a pair of
newly imported Esquimaux.
• • •
Kunana blinked in the rays of the se-.'chllght like
a toad In the sunshine.
"See the big candle!" she cried In Tickey's ear,
but that amiable savage was too engrossed with the
workings of the turnstile to give respectful heed to
her staccato gutterals. A leather-lunged spieler next
fascinated him into statuesque silence, from which he
was rudely aroused by a vigorous shaking of the
shoulder. It was his better half in a high state of
excitement, for her little ferret eyes had spied the
merry-go-round. Toward it she sprinted in breath
less wonder, dragging the still speechless partner of
her joys and sorrows after her.
"Tickey!" she exclaimed, pointing a fat finger at
the revolving procession of dummies and their live
freight. A tangle of Esquimau words followed in
unintelligible succession. Mr. Tilton laughed.
"They cannot comprehend," he explained, "why
'dead dogs' are able to run faster than the live ones in
Alaska."
Then the source of the music attracted their at
tention. How could such noises come from a box?
they asked, as the organ ground out its tunes in the
center of the whirling circle. We put them aboard
the wooden horses and watched them in their dizzy
Journey, and I wish I could see one-half as much
genuine enjoyment upon the face of blase American
childhood as I saw that night upon the faces of those
grown-up children of the northland.
• • •
Like one in a dream, Kunana followed me up the
stops to the car that transferred us to the chutes'
top landing.
"Do the rivers come from the sky like that, In
your country?" she questioned Mr. Tilton, pointing to
the cascade at her left.
Just then a boatful of shrieking passengers shot
past her. She grabbed instinctively for Tickey, direct
ing that abstracted Indian's gaze from terra firma
and its swarm of humans, to the stream on the other
side. Another boat flashed downward. Then the
startled pair began to exchange exclamatory confi
dences. Mr. Tilton smiled.
"They are saying that the white man can do any
thing." he interpreted. "That he can make rivers run
up hill if he wants to, and that he can Jump out of
the stars."
Compared with such fancies the famous tale of
Jack the Giant Annihilator seems flat, stale and un
profitihle.
As we slipped into watery space, struck the lake's
surface and bounded again and again upward into
the spray I saw nothing, heard nothing but Esqui
maux. There might have been half a hundred of
them instead of two, for their delighted whoops
erhoed all around us like the voices of a tribe gone
wild with joy. They may have expected a whale or
two to spout beside them. At all events they will
never be surpassed in noise or the happy abandon
ment of their surprise during that damp, exhilarating
moment. Be it recorded of the Tickeys, Alaska tour
ists, that they shot the chutes like thoroughbreds.
» • •
Chiquita trotted sedately out from behind a cur
tain and the effect of that tiny mortal's presence upon
Kunana was magical. The rough features took on a
softened look. The hard, bright eyes shone tenderly
as they gazed. A smile played over the face of Ku
nana different from any that I had yet seen there.
And, strangely enough, it made her for the moment
almost comely. It intensified while the atom piped
her wee song and waved her doll-like arms, and then
I knew what it radiated from — the mother-love with
in. For be it on the spiritualized Madonna of an ar
tist's conception, or the face of an Indian, crooning
over her offspring in a wigwam, the smile of a woman
when she looks upon a babe is good to see.
"Mickaninni," murmured Kunana. gently, rocking
unconsciously to an^l fro. "Mickaninni."
Perhaps she was thinking of a sturdy little bar
barian thousands of mile 3 "way. As for myself, I
was wondering if Esquimau babies ever cry for their
mothers.
Chiquita looked hesitatingly at the big, clumsy
hand that Kunan. stretched toward her, then laid her
rose-leaf palm for an instant within I* Evidently
humanity's smallest representativ e is more accus
tomed to heathen white visitors than heathen brown
ones; but the mother instinct is quick to make itself
understood the world over, and in the light that shone
just then from Kunana's eye- even Chiquita was not
afraid.
• • •
Were your wild animal acquaintance limited to
deer, foxes and polar bears what manner of creatures
would the denizens of a zoo seem to you? To the
Tickeys they were new varieties of Arctic game, the
like of which had never been stowed away in their
caches, and much did they speculate upon their edi
ble qualities.
They were asking if the lion were good to eat,
when that unfriendly beast opened his jaws and sent
forth a roar like the combined fury of a dozen Arctic
gales. In the presence of such an unexpected blast
the Tickeys fell back in hot haste, nor paused till a
safer distance lay between them and the caged un
known. Mr. Tilton explained that the feeding was
usually done on the lion's side; that the white man
had no fancy for lions, cooked or uncooked, and that
a little way out in the ocean a big rock had been the
home for many years of countless seals, not one of
which had as yet been sacrificed for the white man's
larder.
Before the monkeys the visitors stood spellbound.
Were these a new kind of fox, or merely a different
kind of white man, as Chiquita was a different kind
of mickaninni? I respectfully leave these Esquimau
Interrogations for Dr. David Starr Jordan to answer.
But stranger than all else in the "animal's house"
was the elephant. Who of us is not used to the ele
phant from Infancy? Then how can we appreciate the
awe and interest which the sight of one inspired in
those Esquimaux? Especially did his long-distance
manner of feeding impress them.
We left the theater with two of the most absurdly
confused creatures in our wake that ever saw kineto
scope pictures thrown upon a screen. They believed
it a living reality. The white man's wonders would
never cease. Where did the people and the animals
on the screen come from? Where did they go to so
quickly?
As our car slowly climbed the grade on the scenic
railway Kunana pointed to the stars. Were we, too,
going there? she asked. Mr. Tilton cautioned his
charges to hold on tight. Then the car tore down the
grade with three hundred pounds of as amazed
Indian avoirdupois as it will ever carry. Up, down
and around we whizzed, then shot into a tunnel where
a great multi-colored eye opened wickedly at us.
When we emerged I looked back. Tickey was
huddled into a ball, cocoon-wise, and motionless as a
cigar store red man, except for the swaying of the
car. His eyes were fixed with mute questioning, but
unshaken ' confidence, upon Mr. Tilton. To him the
end of all things was coming, but our laughter as
sured him that, whatever it was, we were willing to
meet It.
Kunana, her hand In his, was trying to crawl under
the seat, and the picture they made will abide with
me forever and a day. No slough of despond will
ever be so deeply depressing that I cannot rise from
it at thought of those Esquimaux, dashing they knew
not whither, the puzzled playthings of a white man's
power, in a "sled" drawn by the unseen dogs of his
• » «
While we awaited on a corner the coming of a
down-town car Kunana drew forth her pipe and
puffed long and deeply. It was the one familiar in
animate object within reach, the only thing that was
real, and she fingered it affectionately. Tickey lit his
own pipe and they boarded the dummy of the white
man's sled, where tobacco of many brands makes the
life of the gripman unenviable.
In Kunana's hand I noticed c piece of paper which
she had carefully preserved, even during the wild
whirl between heaven and earth. It was a programme
which the gate keeper had gravely handed to her
earlier in the evening.
LILLIAN FERGUSON.
2122
LOVE AND THE CAPELLO
Before Herkomer Could Move or Remonstrate Further There Was a Flash of a White Arm, a Rustle of the Soft Folds of Minora's
Muslin Dress, and He Sprang to His Feet to See the Cobra Being Held at Arm's Length.
THE lights from the Gymkhana club were stream
ing across Halpin road, and the drone of the band
came lazily across the open, filtering itself through
the octopus limbs of the big banyans, and over the
lake of roses with which professor had filled the com
pound. That was the professor's hobby— rosos. That
and snakes— only the Bnakea were real business,
the roses were for pleasure. But both tnrlved equally
well in Rangoon, jacqueminot and the capello.
It was paradise, this land where the roses grew even
as cabbage, and the hooded devils came up out of the
jungle of their own account to be dissected. So thought
Professor Contl.
Hut the professor was over at the gym now, and the
drowsy music, elbowing and jostling the straggling light
as they crowded through the Kusn-Kush tatties, ming
ling with the soft patter of small talk witn which Minora
<'"Uti was beguiling the minutes as they ?;:t there, she
and tlii- major, waiting the return of the professor.
"(»!' course, the major's pony, Nat Time, would win
the Tharawady plate," she was saying, when she stopped
suddenly, and steadied herself as one does when a 10-foot
ditch suddenly opens its yawning maw under the forefeet
of o!H-'s mount.
The light which streamed out from the drawing room,
and offered battle to the glimmer of the Gymkhana,
showed the sudden paling of her cheek. Parian marble
was not more white than that set face.
"Do not move, major." she said; "do not move your
lips even, if you value your lite."
Herkomer looked straight into the great, strong eyes
of the girl, and they told him more of the danger, more
of the horror than even her wufcjs had done.
"Keep perfectly still." she continued, "and do not
interfere with me in any way."
"Yes, a cobra!" the lips whispered. "Do not move."
From the direction of Minora's eyes Herkomer knew
that the hooded demon was on the high back of his chair.
Surely it was the light of inspiration' which came into
the eyes of this strange girl, as she broke into a low
Italian chant, weaving her slender arms back and forth,
back and forth.
Herkomer could feel that the cobra was following her
movements. Great beads of perspiration stood out on his
forehead— not so much at his own proximity to the hated
thing, but because of the grand, cool courage Minora was
showing, and the risk she was running in drawing the
attention, of the viper To herself.
"She's going to hypnotize the beast." he thought He
knew she could do it, too; the face told him that. It
seemed cowardly to sit there and allow a woman to face
th>- snake, but h<-r command to keep perfectly stil! had
been as much entreaty as command, and he felt that by
IT WILL KILL
AT TWO MILES.
Here Is the story of our new bullet that is being used in the new
army rifle. It is small of size, but its execution is remarkable. It will
kill at two miles, and its power of penetration places it far ahead of its
leaden predecessors. The proofs are accurate, for the experiments were
made on cadavers and were conducted by experienced army officers.
EVER since the modern small arm
was invented military authorities
have been discussing the effects
of its small, hardened bullet, pro
pelled at immense speed, upon
the human body. It was easy |
enough to discover that at ten yards |
it would go clear through two feet of
seasoned white oak; at 200 yards
through 3Va feet of poplar or 0.2 inches j
of steel or 0.3 inches of wrought iron; j
at 2000 yards through four inches of j
deal plank, and at 3500 (nearly two ;
miles) that it would still have sufficient i
force to pass through a man! All this j
was easy, but how to find out its effect
upon the human body was quite a dif
ferent and a very much more difficult
matter.
It seemed that it might be necessary
to await a great war between nations
equipped with the modern small arm
bvfore this could be fully determined.
Much was expected from the war which
recently agitated Chile. The insur
gents, who proved the victorious party,
were partially armed with the Mann
licher — one of the best of the recent
email arms. Some of our naval sur
geons went upon the fields of battle to
treat the wounded and discovered the
effects of the bullets of the Mannlicher
upon the wounded.
The results seemed so much at vari-
Ince that finally it was decided by our
Chief of Ordnance to order a series of
experiments and find out exactly what
might be expected from these small
and hardened bullets. At his request
Dr. La Garde, of the United States
army, was, some time ago, sent to tho
Frankford Arsenal to direct these ex
periments. Lieutenant lienet, of the
Ordnance Corps, was detailed to assist
him in this important and difficult
work. The report of their extensive
experiments has just been issued and
is very interesting.
The experiments were made In a
shooting gallery with reduced charges
of powder. Lieutenant Benet accur
ately figured out the charge of powder
necessary to give the same velocity at
fifty-three feet as a full charge would
give at 6000, 4500, 3600, 2400, 1500, 1050, 750
and 300 feet. A cadaver was placed
fifty-three feet in front of the firing
moving he -would only increase the danger to both.
With the same sinuous movement Minora had risen
from her seat and gently swaying her r>ocly as the soft
cadences of the chant rose and fell, glided toward the
cobra.
"My God, keep back!" Ilerkomer groaned, scarcely
moving his liys. "Stand back and wait till he goes
away."
But the chant continued, and there were the inter
jected two English words "keep still!"
Before Herkomer could move or remonstrate further
there was the flash of a white arm, a rustle of the soft
folds of Minora's muslin dress, and he sprang to his feet
to see the cobra being held at arm's length, firmly
grasped by those slender lingers close up to its ugly
wedge-shaped head.
"Wait please," she cried, stepping back, as Herkomer
advanced toward her with evident intention of taking the
snake; "father's tomtom has just driven up to the door
lit- will take, the cobra— it is one of his patients."
She was stiil holding the repulsive creature at nrm-a
length as the professor ran up the cemented steps, calling
for the bearer to come and take his toi
He stopped short when he observed the grewsome
tableau in front of him, Stopped short until startled Into
activity by his daughter's voice asking to be relieved of
her terrible captive.
In an instant the professor had the cobra by the tail,
and calling to Minora to let go quickly, he swung him
clear, and! holding him thus, carried him oack to the box
from which he had escaped.
Overcame by the reaction, the brave Eirl sank Into
the chair she had risen from, and gave way to a flood of
nervous, hysterical tears.
Of course, there could only be one reward for such
gallantry, if the term may be applied to women's brave
deeds. A "V. C." was cut of the Question; besides, the
great Italian eyes had worked sad havoc with Ilerkomer
before the advent of the cobra.
"L,ove made her brave," mused th« major, as his
Burma pony rattled him over the metallic road of the
cantonment late that night; "but she's a well-bred one
any way, and blood will tell. God! how she stood there
and never flinched, with that devil in her hands!" And
then he thought of the soft maidenly blushes that had
swept over the sweet face as lie talked to her of love,
of the love that had been in his mind lor days and weeXa
before the appearance of that sinister visitor.
With Jesuitical complaisance Herkomer began to feel
deuced glad that the cobra bad precipitated matters by
poking his ugly head into their tete-a-tet*. It had given
him the opportunity to risk it all on a single throw of
the dice, and he had won— won with the other fellow, her
father's great friend. Count Rubitino, a baa second.
Count Rubitino was a dilettante, an amateur scientist
point. A tackle fastened to the roof
of the gallery held the cadaver and
permitted its easy movement. A good
marksman then fired upon the desired
portion of the body — for instance, the
upper bone of the arm. The bullets,
after passing through the body, were
stopped by sawdust in barrels, placed
directly in rear.
After the firing was finished the bul
lets were dug out and the effects o*
the passage through the cadaver upon
them were noted, as. well as the effects
of the bullets upon the body. On the
base of the bullets numbers were im-
pressed, which corresponded with the
shot fired, so that it was easy to iden
tify the bullet which made each wound.
The sawdust would not deform the
bullets, hence any change in their form
was due entirely to the passage through
the human body.
It was necessary to use the limited
range of fifty-three feet, because the
shooting had to be accurate. Dr. La
Garde wished to note the effect of
these bullets upon nearly all the bones
and many of the tissues of the body. It
takes a very good marksman to hit a
man at 3000 feet, and it would take a
much better one to hit a man at that
distance in the exact spot he wished —
for instance, in the leg. As the supply
of cadavers was limited, it was impos
sible to get up a row of them at a dis
tance of a mile or so, to be hit by
chance shots in any part. Hence a
distance of fifty-three feet was select
ed and the charges of powder reduced
as before stated, to give the bullets the
same velocity they would have had at
the actual distances simulated. The
bullets used were the old style .45-inch,
soft lead Springfield and the new style
.30-inch, hardened lead with a coating
of German silver. Two small caliber
rifles were made especially for use in
these experiments.
• The details of the wounds made in
the firings and the effects upon the
bullets were very minutely reported by
Dr. La Garde. The more important of
these will, perhaps, interest the gen
eral reader, who, no doubt, has read
many conflicting articles upon the ef
fects of small caliber bullets. v The il
lustrations are from photographs taken
by Dr. La Garde.
It is well known that at different dis
tances from the muzzle of a gun the
effects from bullets firod from it are
not at all the same. These different
distances are grouped together into
"zones," each zone containing all dis
tances where the effects from the bul
lets are practically the same. The first
of these is the zone of explosive effect.
Dr. La Garde reports that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
wounds within this zone are of a pecu
liar and terrible nature. The orifice of
entrance is small, but sometimes rag
ged, and the opening where the bullet
leaves the body is wide and jagged,
with muscular shreds hanging to it.
The channel left by the bullet is coni
cal, and its sides are turn and crushed,
as if something had burst within thorn.
If a bone is struck in this zone then
the wound is much more terrible and
its exit frightful in size and appear
ance. At times from such a wound
fragments of bone an<l tissue are hurl
ed thirty to forty feet
Now this zone Of awful explosive ef
fect extends, as determined by Dr. La
Garde, from the muzzle of the gun to
a distance of 350 yards in the case of
the small bullet and only to 250 yards
with the large .45-inch bullet. How
ever, this explosive effect did not occur
when the small bullet struck only the
muscular parts of the body, in which
ease it made a clear cut hole through
the cadaver.
The small bullet beyond 350 yards did
not shatter a bone so much as the soft,
large bullet. If the small bullet was
not turning end on it generally per
forated the bones with little or no
splintering. It goes so fast and turns
so rapidly that it. as it were, punches
a hole through the muscle or bone,
whichever it may strike. This zone is
BONES SHATTERED BY NEW STYLE BULLETS.
Gunshot injury, lower third, right femur, by the 30-caliber German-silver
jacketed projectile possessed of the velocity usual at 2000 yards.
ostensibly devofed, like Minora's father, the professor, to
the discovery of an antidote to the virus of the cobra
and kharite,
"All d— n rot!" said Herkomer to the little iron gray
that was carrying him so gallantly aiong. "Minora's
his same, and I have beaten him. my boy, beaten him
clean out of his boots, by Jove." and he chuckled to him
self as he thought of the bally row both the count and
the professor would kick up when they learned how the
land lay.
As he jogged home from parade next morning, Herko-"
mer brought his pony up alongside of Surgeon Thorny
croft.
"Come over and have breakfast with me. I want to
have a talk with you, old man," he said.
The preliminary of the talk was an acco.unt of what
had happened the night before over the advent of the
thing with the spectacles, for he and Thornycroft were
even .'is Damon and Pythias in the olden tim<?.
"Now for the sequel, my boy," he said, as he drew
his chair closer to Thornycroft, "and then J. want you to
tell what is the matter with me."
Thornycroft phot a suspicious professional look over
the physical map of bis friend's exterior, starching for
touches of "liver," "sun," "Bunnah head." "pegcitis"
or other unique complaints indigenous to that land.
"It's this," said Herkomer thoughtfully, "I woke up
about 3 o'clock in the morning, as near as I can judge,
with a peculiar tingling sensation through every nerve
of my body, as though some poison were coursing through
my veins. " Sitting in a chair beside my bed was the ligure
of a man.
"I spoke to it, thinking that the bearer had fallen
asleep there.
'"fine ligure did not move. I got up and struck a
match, lighting a candle which stood on the table; I dis
lodged a bottle of soda in my fumbling about for a match
and it rolled off, striking the cement floor and exploding
with a report like a gun.
"Still tlio figure did not move. It must be the bearer,
I thought, only a bearer could sleep through such a jolly
row.
"When I turned the light of the candle on the fact
of the Bleeper, what do you suppose I saw. Thornycroft?"
and Herkomer leaned over until his troubled, questioning
eves wen- brought close into the surgeon's face, anu ne
gripped Thornycroft's wrist till his lingers seemed eating
into the ilesh.
"One of the fellows who had tarried long at the gym.
and lost the number of his mess," answered the other
carelessly, ki ocking the ashes off the end of his cheroot.
"I saw myself— dead!" continued the major, taking no
notice of his friend's chaff; "dead, and a cobra clinging
to my arm!"
"Liver and sun both," sighed Thornycroft mentally.
one of perforation, and the wounds in
it are not as severe us in the first zone
and the zone of contusion.
The alta zone in the small bullets
extends from a distance of two thou
sand to three thousand yards. In this
zone bullets have lost their force and
have a tendency to bruise rather than
penetrate. The smaller bullets, of
course, penetrate further than the
targe, soft ones. Sometimes the small
and Ions? bullets, if turning end on,
merely bruise the llesh and penetrate
Car enough to remain in the flesh.
These experiments refuted the idea
quite common in Europe that wounds
from the new bullets are terrible as
compared with the old, large bullets.
In fact, it was shown that a hardened
bullet of sin.i !! caliber should, on hu
manitarian grounds, be adopted. If the
bullet is hardened, but has no tensile
strength, then the wounds when bones
are struck will be terrible, since such
a bullet would break up and each sep
arate piece become a projectile. Some
experiments made abroad were with
such bullets and upon horses, whose
bones are very hard. In consequenc*.,
the results were often appalling and
misleading.
It has been a mooted question
whether a man struck in a fleshy part
of the body by a small bullet would be
disabled. When a bone is struck, either
"Of course, you'll call It a dream," added Herkomer,
"but this morning the soda bottle was In fragments on
the floor, the candle had been lighted, and the sole ot
my foot was bleeding where 1 had stepped on a piece ot
the broken glass; besides, I know I was awake. Now,
what do you make of that?" he asked triumphantly.
"What do you make of it?" Queried the surgeon as
he hunted about for his helmet, "make nothing of it;
only don't let it occur again, and as preventive is bet
ter than cure in this country, take a run up to Dar
jeeling: it may save you the expense of a trip home.
There Is a little angel sits up above, in these days of
robbery by ruinous exchange, who sends us these warn
ings with a postscript added. 'Look to your liver.
SottV.c next time your chum comes take him up to Dar
jeeling, and let the mountain winds carpet-beat the
jungle fever out of his system."
"No. I'm quite well," said Herkomer; "quite well, and
that's the deuce of it," he added plaintively; "I can't make
it out. When a man is well and sees things it's— it's the
devil."
Often after that Herkomer had company of the same
sort; always the same, sitting there in the chair waiting.
"What the thunder is it waiting for?" Herkomer used
to ask himself. Only he did not bother his friend any
more about it— it was no use.
Physically he was all rieht. He could put the best
man in the regiment on his back; aye, and nold him
there, too, for ten seconds, with both points of the
shoulders touching the ground. Neither did ne go to Dar
leeling. He was in a happier place, ana climbed into
heaven, otherwise known as the haunts of Minora Conti.
Not but what the hot chinook winds which blow up from
hades sometimes withered and scorched his paradise.
It was Count Rubitino who always started these
blasts. He and Minora were unnecessarily too much
together, it seemed to Herkomer, but then he was jealous,
and consequently no judge of such matters.
As often as Minora assured him that she cared noth
ing for the count he believed her. and as often as he
Btumbled upon them in close communion over some
secret matter did he feel the hot winds blow, and vow
that he would break away from his bondage and leave
her to the count. But it always ended the same way, It
wasn't what Minora said that put things right, it was
the eyes— the great, soft Italian eyes looking straight and
truthfully at and through him, bowling over his jealous
resolves like tenpins and bringing him back into leash,
like a whipped beagle.
And still it sat there, almost nightly now, beside his
bed. He had grown accustomed to seeing it. What was
it waiting for?
Sometimes it annoyed him; he felt like getting out of
bed and kicking it; but the idea was so incongruous, this
kicking of himself, this spiritual self, as it were, so he
gave it up and sighed resignedly.
"Of course it means something," he mused; "some
thing's going to happen, but I'm not going to make an
ass of myself by talking about it at the mess." So he
sat tight and waited for the thing to happen as he would
have waited for a Ghazi rush.
It was grewsome, but much in India is grewsome, so
he had learned to take things of that order much as he
took fighting — with his coffee.
A far greater puzzle to him was Minora herself.
Sometimes he found her listless, indifferent, and then
again for a time she would be her old brilliant self.
Thinking perhaps that these tits of dejection were due
to oppression from her father, or undue influence brought
to bear by the count, he made bold to Question her, but
she shrank from him with horror, and seemed more
agitated than she had been when holding the cobra.
It's nerves, he thought. Life with the musty old pro
fessor and his cobra associates is depressing enough to
wreck the nerves of a bronze Buddha. I'll nave to get her
out of this.
So he rushed/matters a little, and it was all settled for
Christmas week. The professor gave his consent reluct
antly enough, Herkomer thought, and the count congrat
ulated him with an ironical sneer that made Herkomer
long to give him a toss In the air from which he would
alight on the top of his curly black head.
When ho and common sense sat face to face, common
sense told him that Minora loved him with all the strength
of her high-strung nature. What else is there in it for her,
common serTse argued, for the major's inheritance was
limited to what his sword might cut down rrom the pagoda
tree, with the exception of a trifling- allowance, barely
large enough to settle his monthly gym account. ;
That was the way common sense put it, but the' other,
intuition, or whatever other alias he masqueraded under,
said there was something behind it all, and for once in a
way they were both right.
The love was there right enough, and also something
else behind it, and this something else might have all
come out one evening if Herkomer had not been so
Cooley-headed; honorable he called it at the time.
Jt lacked two weeks of Christmas time, and they
were sitting on the veranda, as they had sat that
other evening. Minora, putting her cool white hand on
Herkomer's wrist and turning her face a little into the
shadow, so tliat he did not notice how set and white it
was, said: "I have a confession to' make, Rolando!"
"Don't make It then, little woman. Confessions are
silly things for which we are always sorry ror afterward."
"But I shall be happier if you let me tell you about
this. I can't marry you without telling you first. I won't — "
"Look here, Minora," said the major, turning her
around so that he could look into her face, "my objection
to your confession is purely selfish. You see, I couldn't
let you confess all on your side, without unloading some
of my sins into your ears, and if we exchanged experiences
—well, well, I fancy the count would appear such a saint
by comparison that I should lose you altogether. By the
way, I'll compromise," he added, laughingly. "I'll" just
nsk you one question, which you may answer or not, and
then we'll call the whole thing off."
"I will answer." she said quietly, "only— only— "
"Well, has it anything to do with the count, what you
were going to tell me?"
"No." .
"Then I can't possibly listen."
And. so the chance went by, the evil went on— went on
for two weeks longer, and it was the eve of the wedding
day.
COMPARATIVE PENETRATION OF NEW AND OLD STYLE BULLETS.
Showing how the new style bullet has an infinitely superior penetrative power.
with a large or small bullet, the man
is, of course, disabled but with flesh
wounds the result is doubtful. There
Is no question that the small caliber
bullet will not so effectually stop a
man when hit in a fleshy part of the
body as the old-fashioned large bullet.
In the Dahomey war the small bullets
of the French, striking the natives in
almost vital spots, often did not stop
them in their wild onward rush.
In the English service two men were
accidentally shot with small bullets.
One man a mile and a third from the
firing point was hit in the fleshy part
of the thigh. He did not fall nor did
he realize that he was seriously in
jured. The second man was but one
hundred yards from the gun, the bul
let passing through the thigh clear of
the bone. He did not fall and did not
suffer much of a shock. In either case
the result would have been very seri
ous with ttie large lead bullet, the
shock from which would surely have
knocked the men down.
Now, if these bullets will not stop
men, much less will they stop horses
when in a charge. In order to hay:
them do this various means have been
proposed, such as having a point not
covered by the hard jacket, then when
the bullet strikes it will spread out in
a sort of mushroom shape and produce
a wound terrible enough to stop man
or beast.
On the score of humanity, the small,
hard, undeformable bullet if greatly
superior to all others, but if it will not
stop a man in his runs forward or. a
horse in the wild gallop of the charge
this bullet will have to be modified, for
war at its best is a terrible thing, and
in no sense is it humane. Certain
, things are not permitted in modern
I war, as for instance, the poisoning of
drinking water or the using of chain
ed cannon balls. These would make the
rigors of war too severe, and, if at
tempted to-day, all civilization would
Love does many strange things, among others causes a
pony to gallop so fast that a syce cannot possibly keep
pace with the winged rider. That was why Herkomer
arrived at Minora's home syceless. As there was nobody
.to hold his pony, he led him around behind the bungalow
to the stables.
'Mlnora'g rooms were in the north wing of the bunga
low, and as he passed the great windows opening on to the
veranda and reaching from ceiling to floor, and open save
for the shutters, voices that he could not help but hear
fell upon his ear.
For an instant he stood petrified. It was the count's
voice, speaking to Minora.
"You will wreck your happiness for a fancy," sneered
the voice.
Herkomer quickened his pace, so that he might hear
no more, and- of her answer, whatever it was, he only
caught the one word "confession," as he turned the corner
of the bungalow. ;
But all the fier.ee jealous passion that had slumbered
in his heart for weeks arose and smothered him— smothered
everything— all sense of shame, of justice, of prudence,
and he rushed into Minora's boudoir a passion-mad man.
What right had she. who was to become his wife the
next day, to hold secret intercourse with the count there
in her own apartments?
With a startled cry Minora thrust something into the
drawer of a secretaire beside which she was standing, and
stood with her back to it as though she -would guard the
secret.
Perhaps I am de trop," remarked the count, passing
beyond the purdah with a low bow, and as Hernomer
thought, a sneer on his pale face.
"Why— why have you rushed in here, Rolando, and
frightened me?" asked Minora confusedly,
v "Ji am ,, sor O; i? I have frightened you/ said the major
shortly, and I will answer your question by asking an
other, for perhaps your answer will suffice for both ques
tions. What have you got in that drawer?"
If Minora had not gone white with guilty fear It might
have been all right yet: but it was the faltering which
developed the tiger in the man. He took a quick step for
ward and grasped her wrist cruelly— harshly as he fairly
hissed out, "You have a letter or something from him
there!"
"My God!" she moaned; "back, do not touch It. If you
touch that drawer I will never marry you — never." With
an exclamation or rage he brushed "her to one side, and
snatching the drawer open, piunged his hand In.
There was the lightning swish of a dark body, like the
coil of a wniplash in motion; an electric shooting of pain
through his arm which brought an Involuntary cry of
anguish from his lips, and the twisting, writhing of the
hideous cobra-body as he snatched his hand from the
death trap.
A piercing scream had rung out on the still night air
as he pulled the drawer open, for, powerless to stop him,
Minora had foreseen that he was driving to his death.
It was the scream that brought the professor to the
room.
"Quick, father, Rolando is bitten," and before the
major knew what he was about, the professor had grasped
his wrist as in a vise and pulled him into his own room,
which was next.
From that on it was a head and head finish, with the
professor and death as the runners. There were ligatures
and lancing and the injection of the professor's antidote
and the ceaseless marching up and down of the patient
between two sturdy durwans, and the of a
woman with a great sore heart and eyes that were too
dry and hot for tears.
And the other, the one that had sat night after night
by Herkomer's bed, came and sat there just in the center
of the veranda, Herkomer would not let the durwans
move the chair. "Don't disturb him," he said; "let him
sit there."
"Huzoor, it is but an empty chair," said one of them.
"No one sits there, sahib."
But still he told them not to move the chair— they could
walk around it. "He won't have long to wait now," ha
muttered.
"Surely the poison was making the sahib a little mad,"
the durwan thought.
At first Herkomer felt strangely elated. It was liko
new wine — be was drunk on it; it was good to be bitten by
cobras. If he could only get over it he would IlKe to try
it again— was like opium. -7--" 1 _ •■'•.*-'
And then came the poppy sleep. He begged them to let
him lie down and rest. . .:; "; ;- . ..
"If you sleep you die." the professor yelled in his ear.
The voice was far off, it was like a dream, it was the
murmuring of the breakers far away on the coral reefs,
and required too much energy to listen to it. Besides he
was so tired and sleepy. This ceaseless walking up and
down was like counting sheep, it made his head heavy
Up and down, up and down, the hard floor of the
yeranda, re-echoing to the clap, clap of the durwans'
loose- slippers as they marched one on either side of him
•It was a terrible race, and life was the stake
But as the torturing hours chased the others through
the long Burmese night and the gray began to steal up'
behind the tapering spire of the golden pagoda in the east
..and the major still lived, still walked up and down
. between his relays of Punjabis, the professor knew that
he.had won— robbed/the hooded. fiend of his victim
' And the man who had come back out of the jaws of
death when he was told that he might sleep, went deeo
down into the rest world and lay for hours in a sleep that
was first cousin to death.
When he awoke the figure sitting beside his couch
had changed-it was Minora; she who had sat there hour
after + hour watching that the light did not go quite out—
that the sleep did not come of closer kin to oeath
when e P ened! the qu , estionin eyes looked at her
tn ' w . h , e r h f had grown a little stronger she told him thi*
told him the tale that she had tried to teH that niirht
when he had stopped her. nignt
"Father inoculated me with the cobra virus Dartlv -i*
an-expenment. and partly for my own safety fas Is
.cobras were always about, i ■ .. ; . L f." a& -i" 3 . ■
":. "As it seemed to.be harmless, and to makeit sure he
performed the operation several times. But he lear Vied
as he Is, did not foresee the result. It acted on me like
morphine acts on those who have it injected into their
veins— it became necessary to my life. The exhilaration
you felt would be mine for days, then depression followed
as a natural law.
"But why go into detail?" she added, with a faint, wan
smile "-without it I was dead. At last I became so that
the bite from the cobra was only equal to tne dose my
father used. This was the simplest plan. '
"When you first came into my life I thought that I
should overcome it, for love is blind.
"The night you were bitten I meant to tell. you all
but to fortify myself, to summon up the moral courage to
drown the love which was so great and strong I had asked
Count Rubitine to bring a cobra from my father's box.
'That is all; it is not pleasant," and 'she smiled again
wanly. "I should not have allowed this love to conquer
me, but now it has conquered, it has triumphed over all
I.will not marry you because I love you." .-. - .
It was the best that way: "Because I love you I will
not marry you." \V. A. FRAZER.
Copyright, 1898, by S. S. McClure Co.
! rise up in horror and suppress the of
fender.
But the main object of a battle is to
permanently disable as many of the
enemy as possible, and if one of the
modern bullets will not do this in its
present form, then, in spite of the cries
i of all the humanitarians, it will be so
i changed that upon striking a man in a
i serious part that man will be rendered
hors dv combat a; least during the re
mainder of that battle.
A number of inventors have lately
claimed to have made coats of some
unknown materials which will effectu
| ally protect the wearer from all dis
agreeable effects when hit by one of
these small bullets. There is no doubt
that such a garment would prove ex
tremely satisfactory if it would do what
! its owners claim for it. However, when
I it is remembered that one of these bul
i lets will cut a clean hole through a
I piece of .2-inch steel the claims of these
men seem absurd.
A garment to resist successfully
would, of whatever material construct-
I ed, be too heavy and cumbersome to
wear in the field. In the future, as in
the past, a good pile of dirt will be the
best and most easily obtained protec
tion. In the late civil war the soldiers
at first thought a man a coward who
would get behind a tree or dig a hole in
the ground for shelter, but now all is
changed and soldiers are taught to
take advantage c-f everything that will
give the slightest protection.
By considering the results of Dr. La
| Garde's experiments the reader must
; conclude that such instruction is much
! more essential than to teach soldiers
I the niceties of drill upon the drill
] grounds.
It is also apparent that the man who
wields such a weapon as our modern
small arm is much more important than
1 he who was armed with the battle-ax or
I flintlock of qur forefathers. Conan
Doyle truly says that we stand or fai:
by the man who holds the gun.
For the colonel rides before,
The major on the flank.
The captains and the adjutants
Are in the foremost rank.
But when it's "Action front!"
And fighting's to be done,
Come one, come all, you stand or fall
By the man that holds the gun.
No country has better material to put
behind its guns than the United States
So long as this is true its future is as
sured, no matter whether war cornea
soon or late.
NO MAP OF THE UNITED STATES.
"The school children of the Bermudas
know nothing of American history
says a New York woman who has iust
returned from Hamilton. "Onp day r
stopped and talked ; with a bright littlo
colored boy on the street. The Bermud?
negro, you know, is superior in intelii
gence to the Southern negro of thi
country. He has neither the thick lpi
nor, the fiat nose of our American negro
His superiority is accounted for by the
fact that he has in his veins the blood
of the Indians captured in King Philhv,
war and taken as slaves to the Ber
mudas. cl '
boy' DO you go to ' school?> I ask ed ' the
" 'Yes'm.'
" 'Who owns these islands?'
" 'England.' ■
■" 'Who rules England?'
" 'Queen Victoria.'
'.'. " Wnere are the United States?"
South of Canada.' ..
■ " 'And do you. know who is the Presi
dent of the United States?- * iCO *
,'Ycs'm; George Washington.'
\\ hen I had visited one of the little
schools at Hamilton I did not wonder
that W ashingtgn was the only Ameri
can President the boy had heard of On
the .walls were maps of every important
country in the world but ■ our own and
I found that the teachers said as littl^
New h Yo T rk ni ru d n. Stat ° S aSthey «*»"•"*>THE MAN
AT THE BRAKE
I HAVE been talking to the motor
man.
Not on his car; dear me, no. I
wouldn't have the heart to do that
in thp face of the company's gentle
plea to the contrary, which is displayed
above his -head, but I tracked him to
his lair, as it were, and finding him In
his variety by no moans the fierce and
murderously inclined monster that he
is frequently represented to be I con
versed with him without fear.
I talked with him concerning his avo
cation, its duties and its dangers; and
knowing well what a large proportion
of the general public thinks of him I
essayed to find out what he thinks of
the human tide through which hesteers
his unwieldy craft, what causes he as
signs for tlic accidents which occur and
■which just miss occurring, and how life
seems from his standpoint.
I discovered that he has his griev
ances; that he considers himself ofton
unfairly treated, and that he does not
go about maiming and killing human
beings, running over dogs and into
Ji-rs.'s and smashing vehicles just for
the fun of the thing.
Here is what he. in his various indi
vidualities, said to me:
F. S. GrOGGlN— Whenever any one
pets hurt on a car line there Is a great
fuss made about it. but the wonder to
me is that there are not accidents oc
cur rinp all the time instead of as in
frequently as they do. Surne people
Beem to think that they haven't any
Bort of a call to look out for them-
Belves at all. but wander off and on car
tra< ks just as they please, without pay-
Ing any attention to motormen, or
gongs, "r even to the cars unless they
happen to hit them. Nearly every ac
cident that happens to grown people is
1 by their own criminal care
]e«snet=s, and men and women are
about alike in this respect. If those
persons who are the quickest to blame
carmen for every accident would just
hp.n<l <>ne day riding cm the front seat
and looking straight down the track I
think that they would view the matter
very differently afterward. Not a day
goes by that some narrow escape does
ii"t occur, but when no one is hurt the
fact that the m< Gorman's coolness and
quickness saved a life that its owner's
carelessness nearly sacrificed generally
passes uniinticed.
The worst shake-up that I have had
lately was down on Mission street. I
had been following behind a heavy
truck and a boy ran out from behind
aimther team coming toward me, right
across my track, within two feet of me.
If I had hurt that boy that I never saw
until he was almost under the car I
Fhi'iild have been blamed, of course, but
It was almost a miracle that I didn't.
Sucb things are constantly happening
and will until children are taught not
to play in tli<» middle of the streets, and
adults learn t<> g<'t on and off cars prop
»-rly. l«".k '"it for cars <>n both tracks
and pay attention when the gong rings.
M. SCHUMACHER— I have been a
car man for twenty-two years, driving
horae-cara, gripping and motoring, and
I have been what is called lucky, but
I have had narrow escapes enough to
make most any man's hair white. Chil
dren bother me the most, for the poor
little things haven't got the sense to
look out for themselves, and when their
parents turn them out into the street
to play and I have to look out for
them, as well as run my car on time,
Jt makes a day's work hard. Over on
Broadway and south of Market, where
th>- babies are thick, it's all a man can
d" to keep clear of them. From the.
time they can walk until they are four
or flv.e they seem to have a special lik
ing for running across the streets: if
they would run straight over it wouldn't
be so bad. but they are likely to turn
HOW "SHUT-IN" LIVES ARE HELPED
IF you go along Sutter street till
vnu come to No. 639 you see a
brown house standing back from
the streei. It bears the sign, "San
Francisco Fruit and Flower Mis
sion."
Years ago some girl? wanted to help
those who had U-pp than they them
selves, BO they formed themselves into
a society to visit and read to the sick
and try to brighten their shut-in lives
with flowers and fruit.
The work grew. Now the name is
most misleading. At the Congress of
Charities the work of caring for the
sick of all the societies was given to
the Fruit and Flower Mission, each so
ciety contributing a certain amount
toward the expense.
Mrs. Buckingham, the vice-presi
dent, had asked me to meet her at the
Thursday morning meeting of the so
ciety. The ladies were discussing ways
and moans and filling baskets with
groceries to carry to their charges.
Those who were able to come or send
were there, waiting for their weekly
supply.
One pretty little girl came in timidly.
"I was to come here this nornlng."
"Yes. indeed that's all right. What
is your name?"
"Mary Wilson."
The list was consulted and a basket
given tv her.
"This is for you."
She looked at it, then at the giver.
and back to the basket.
"But this is enough for lots!"
"Yes. that is to last for a week. Don't
you understand?"
"Oh, something to eat every single
day: To-:..orrow, too?"
She was not accustomed to three
meala a day every day in the week.
The mission is absolutely non-sec
tarian. The workers aro Jewish, Cath
olic, Protestant, Theosophist. .hey have
nrvor clashed and there are no dis
cords.
It is a fashionable society and works
both ways. Those who give are edu
cated in life as It is as well as those
who receive. Two trained nurses are
employed to do the work where skill
and training is necessary. Also they
teach those they visit how to take care
of themselves, their children and their
homes.
I went with one of the nurses on her
rounds. "Promise not to say any
thin* about me. I should be ashamed.
and run back, or stop on the track and
look, at the car, and you have to be
sure of yourself and the brake and
the track to save them. Another thing:
Women getting off the car with two or
three children lose hold of one some
times and it will go right in front of
the car on the next track. That hap
pened to me on Second street the other
day. My car came along and there
was a four-year-old standing back to
me while his mother was going over
toward the sidewalk. I stopped about
six inches from the child, and the af
fair frightened me so that I Just
couldn't move for a moment or so af
terward, but the mother never even
thanked me. I've lost twenty-three
pounds since I began running on the
Mission line, Just because I have to
work and worry, too.
W. S. CRONK— I have been nine years
on the cars and have had my share of
bad scares. The most trying thing to
me is the way men and women step
in between two passing cars — a most
dangerous thing to do, but they don't
seem to realize that fact. People will
get off the wrong side of the car in
spite of the conductor, and th^n if
another car is coming along there's apt
to be trouble. Then, again, there
seem to be some persons who deliber
ately expose themselves to danger for
a purpose. Some people wouldn't mind
Ratting hurt a little if they could get
good pay for it, and most every motor
and grip man has met such cranks ami
had to save them in spite of them
selves.
A motorman's nerves are strained all
the time, with the people, the children
and the teams. The heavy truck men
of this city, though, are a fine lot ot
men, the finest I ever came in contact
with — they never make any bother if
thfy can help it, but the drivers of
light wagons — some of thet»j — are nuis
ances. They like to tantalize a man
and keep just ahead of him when he
wonts to make time.
JOHN MILLER— I have worked on
five different lines and one of the worst
frights I ever grot was the first night
that I took charge of a motor. It was
on Folsom street, near Twentieth, and
a child about four years old, who was
walking along one side of the street
with Its mother, saw Its father on the
other side and started after him. She
started so suddenly that I was taken
by surprise, and the worst of it was
that when she got half way over she
fell right across the track. My hair
rose right straight up. for it had been
raining and the track was slippery, but
I managed to bring the car to a stop
within about a hand's breadth of her
little head. Instead of reallzln that
I had paved the baby's life the father
wanted to whip me, which I thought
rather ungrateful, but I was new to the
business then and had not learned that
that's about all we grip and motor men
can expect under such circumstances.
Down on Second and Bryant not long
ago an old gentleman stepped out from
behind a loaded truck right on my
track, not six feet ahead. I put on the
brake like lightning, but as the car
stopped it struck him and knocked him
down, hut didn't hurt him. The first
thin? he did when he got his breath
was to swear at me for not ringing my
gor.g. I had been ringing the gong for
the truck, but if I had stopped to ring
it for him he would have been mashed,
sure. It was brake or nothing in his
case, and so I chose the brake.
Broadway and the crossing at Fourth
and Mission are the worst two places
that I ever struck, and the middle of
the day when people are going to
lunch, and F> and 6 in the afternoon, are
thp worst timos in the day.
C. F. RACKLIFF-I am a rather new
man, but I have had my experiences.
Two weeks ago I was going down Mis
sion, near Nineteenth, and in the mid
dle of the block two boys jumped out
from behind a car on the other track
ri^ht in front of me. I managed to
stop just in time not to hit them, but
ail the passengers were frightened: we
had a great time with the women
By the Fruit and Flower Mission.
I am paid for the work, and I do love
it so," she said.
They are supposed to work from 8 to
5, but they leave off work when they
can, and it may be any hour of the
night. The hills are steep and cars do
not go everywhere and money is scarce.
Sometimes the work Is very discour
aging, but almost every place the
nurse's patients love her and look for
her coming and try so hard to do as
she asks them. The nurses are subject
to call at night, for sick ones may grow
worse, or they may be called to receive
a small newcomer.
An old woman lay in her room alone
for two months. The neishb-T? cami!
in when they could and helped her, but
the women of the poor have so much
of their own to do. It was oniy the
second visit of the nurse, and she had
nut fully gained the confidence of her
patient. It takes sometimes many vis
its to gain any response, but usually
it is immediately given.
"You do not want all these things on
your bed, let me make you comforta
ble."
"I can't get up; maybe nobody will
come in; I can reach them here.'"
"I'll put everything back, and see.
I've brought you sonve r]p,in sheets and
pillow cases and a nightgown; won't
you let me put thorn on?"
"I always did everything for myself;
I do not like to be a. bother."
"But I love to do it. You will let me
rub your back; It must ache lying so
long in bed."
The eyes gave half consent, for
though the old lady said she felt pretty
well, she was in an advanced state of
consumption, and also she had a can
cer. No precaution had been taken to
prevent the spread of either contagion.
It was a Joy to see the transforma
tion, how deftly that linen was changed
and the patient gratitude of the suf
fering old face. Sho drew the line off
sharp at water, however.
"Now I comb my hair."
"Let me do it, you are tired already."
"No, no, no one ever combed my hair
since my mother."
The room was so dirty, but some bits
of beautiful Mexican embroidery, pic
tures and books, plants and the pains
taking contrivances to keep house In
one room showed that she had been
very cozy and comfortable.
The dirt worried her, and it troubled
her that strangers should have to wait
on her.
"I always liked it nice, but now it
makes me so sick when I sit up."
"Of course it does. You have always
worked for others, so that Is why we
love to help you now."
On a chair drawn close to the beri was
a small oil stove where the old lady did
her cooking. New supplies were with
in reach on a table and on the bed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
screaming and the men Jumping up
and shouting. For a wonder .they all
said that I did well and praised me for
my quickness in stopping. On the very
next block there was a milk wagon
standing in front of a store and the
driver Jumped in. pulled the wrong
rein and turned the horse right on the
track, and I had to stop short again.
You've got to have your eyes and
wits about you all the time, and watch
out for everything, and you've got tr>
remember that if you put on the
brakes too strong when there's trouble
they may break and leave you help
less. A man mustn't get nervous or
excited, no matter what happens, or he
can't do anything. A funny thing hap
pened to me the other day on Kearny
street, near Jackson. A Chinaman
with a bundle on his head started
across the street and bunted ri U1 into
the side of my car and knocked, himself
over, though I was ringing my gong
all the time. Talk about absent-mind
edness—he was the most absent-mind
ed person I ever saw.
J. D. HELI'MS-I have been three
years on the cars and I can assure you
that it is a very hard life for any one.
It is extremely hard on a man's nerves
and the excitement and continual strain
of eyes and nerves and muscles shorten
life as the hardest kind of merely man
ual labor could never do. A motorman's
eye must not be turned off the track be
fore him for more than a second at a
time, and he must be ready to meet and
conquer difficulties constantly.
Night work is the hardest on me, for
though there are less people on the
street there are more intoxicated ones,
and drunken men are apt to do all man
ner of things that make life exciting for
a car man. When I was new to the
business there was a foggy night — it
was New Years. I remember — and a
man suddenly appeared right at the
were books, papers and some mending.
Only a poor old woman, whose chil
dren wore all dead, and her husband,
too, waiting a while till she, too, went
beyond.
In the next place we visited there had
been a pathetic attempt to clean up.
The morning work, however, was un
touched, the dishes unwashed and bed
unmade.
A ragged woman, unkempt, sat in a
low chair rocking a baby and singing
the most beautiful music I ever heard,
so familiar, but a new meaning given
to the old, old words. She had sung in
the choir and because she preferred the
English had adopted it in place of the
Latin.
"We therefore pray thee, help thy
servants whom thou has redeemed with
thy precious blood."
The baby lay quiet, a girl Tftth yellow
curls and big brown eyes fastened on
her mother, and drinking In every
strain of the music.
The room was full of sunshine, and
standing at the door we forgot that
we were there to help.
"No, she seems in such pain and sh^
cries when I stop singing." The little
one rolled its eyes at us, but the intelli
gence had gon » out of the face, for it
was "not all there," as the Scotch
kindliness puts it.
Nurse took the little one so tenderly.
"How is Ellle?"
"Bye, bye."
"You shall go bye bye, but now I
must dress that burn. Ellie be good
girl?"
She began to tremble as the clothing
was taken off. The mother brought a
basin of water and some clothes. She
held the child, kissing its hands while
it screamed with the pain and fright.
It had fallen against the stove, and tho
hands, arms and one side were fright
fully burned, but with the careful,
skillful dressing given daily it was get
ting on beautifully. "I am so proud
of Ellie, and her mother, too."
From the porch came a drunken
voice:
"Mother of God, where are ye, ye
shaming, weak-kneed child of —
"It's only amusing myself I was, beg
parding."
"Ellen, you are drunk; go home and
go to bed."
"Ye lie, and may it choke ye where
ye stand. Take shame upon ye, to come
here meddling with decent folk."
"Ellen, go home."
"Home is it, ye say; it's no home of
yours I'm in — "It clear you, I'm going
to bed here."
"No, you are not; you are going
home."
The woman's tangled red hair and
bloated face told a tale of a long bout.
She began cursing us in the most hor
rible language; the baby screamed and
its mother seemed bewildered between
side of the track. I put on brakes but
he staggered in front as the car was
slowing down and got badly cut about
the head. The passengers all said that
I was not to blame, but it pave me a
shock that It tool, a long while to get
over. I think that parents and school
teachers ought to teach children to keep
out of the streets, and cross at the
proper crossings when they cross at all.
Wagons, too, are always running into
danger. They turn in ahead of us or
else cut across and if we hit one we are
blamed. If teamsters and drivers had
to be broken in the same as motormen
and were not allowed to take teams out
until they knew how to drive- there
wouldn't be half as many accidents.
The worst accident that T was ever
in was on the Mission road when a man
ran out of a saloon to catch my car. I
shouted to him to wait till the up car
passed, but he kept right on and was
struck by that car and killed. It was
not my fault and I was not blamed, but
it unstrung me for quite a while.
Motor and grip men are at a disad
vantage for when they hurt people they
fear and shame. I came out of my I
trance and took the woman by the \
shoulders and helped her out.
"Now," said the nurse, "I'm going lo
take baby for a little walk. You go get
the dishes washed and I will help you
clean up. You know it is pretty dirty
here to-day, and you do not want your
husband to come home and find it this
way. do you?"
"Baby fretted so."
"I know; I'm not scolding you. You
are going to learn to plan and then
things will go easier. I've been taught
how, you know, and I'm going to
teach you, am I not, dearie?"
"I do want to try. It isn't much use
I am to Mike — him as does so much."
"Yes, you are; he wouldn't change
you for any one."
While the nurse was gone the mother
talked to me.
"Ye know, I was a factory girl, and
when Mike married me he was doin'
well and could hire a woman now and
again to do things, but now the hard
times he can't. He got me a sewing
machine, but I can't sew. I'm going to
learn, though. That blessed nurse is
teaching me everything, and me so
slow."
Up a hill next and into a cigarette
factory.
A boy, sick, deformed, only half liv
ing, sat watching a Chinaman rolling
cigarettes. He himself rolled one occa
sionally, but he was too weak, and a
bad finger hindered. It was bound in a
dirty bandage. His eyes brightt;ned at
sight of the nurse, but at me they
looked coldly.
"How are you to-day, Joe?" she
asked, kindly.
"Pretty well."
"Has your side been dressed to
day?"
"No."
"Shall I do it?"
A young woman limped Into the
room. She was not glad to see us. Her
mother was asleep. No, we could not
see her. She must get dinner ready for
her mother. No; she could dress the
boy herself."
"Nurse wants to do it."
"May I do it if I come back after you
have had your dinner?" said the
nurse.
"Yes, if you want to; but I can do it
myself."
We went away and got some lunch
ourselves, for It was past noon.
"I want you to see that place." said
the nurse. "W r e have tried every way
to get it closed. Dr. Sherman made a
formal complaint to the Board of
Health. Dr. D. has done the same.
Miss Fisher, the president of the mis
sion, has reported it. I have reported
It. But nothing has come of ail the
complaints and reporting."
The cigarettes are made, and a good
many must be sold to pay the rent (sls)
and feed and clothe that family. It is
a question, for the cigarette-making is
their means of livelihood, yet every
cigarette that goes out of that partic
ular shop is laden with disease.
We went to the place again, and In
all the slums of New York or Chicago
never did I see anything to compare
with it. HELEN GREY.
have to stay right there and see it
through, but bicyclists and drivers put
on speed and get out of the way; how
ever, car men don't hurt persons for
fun or for meanness, though some folks
seem to think so. The least little acci
dent that occurs means no end of
bother and loss to the men implicated,
outside of the ph-sical and mental ef
fects of nervous shocks and strains, so
you may be sure that they avoid every
thing that is avoidable.
G. \V. LANE — I came near killing a
man down on Kearny street a day or
two ago. He was on the car meeting
me and his hat blew off and he jumped
exactly on my track and fell down. I
Btopped the car just as the guard was
right against him and he got a pretty
bad cut on his head. If I hadn't slowed
down for a switch he would have been
a dead man, and through not fault of
mine or the other motorman, though
probably a suit for damages would
have followed.
That sign "Please do not talk to the
motorman" is one of the best things
that the company ever did for our com
fort, for we have to give our entire at
tention to the track and talking is both
annoying to us and dangerous to the
public.
F. NELSON— If the stories of the ac
cidents that happen were told just as
HOW I BECAME AN ACTOR AND AUTHOR
I WAS a Seventh Ward youngster,
born in the very heart of William
M. Tweed's old district, and I
passed my childhood in the happy
go-lucky fashion characteristic of
the small boys of that section of
old New York. I don't remember much
about those days now, so much has In
tervened between them and the pres
ent, but I don't think that I was dif
ferent from my companions except per
haps in being a little more go-ahead
and boyishly mischievous than some of
them.
At that time every boy in that ward
<\vns ambitious to be a printer, since
printers received excellent wages and
It was thought, besides, to be a grand
thing to understand all about that es
pecial business, so as soon as I was
anywhere large enough to attempt
such a job I began to work at feeding
presses and such employment and made
quite a bit of money at it, too.
By and by, though. I found this
i rather monotonous and made my w r ay
i to the docks, where I learned to calk
vessels as well as veterans at the
i trade, and some way being among the
ships and around the wharves so much
and hearing sailors' yarns and travel
ers' tales by the score, made me feel
very dissatisfied with my humdrum ex
| istence right there in the city of my
birth.
I was naturally of an adventurous
disposition, fond of fun, excitement and
! change, and pretty stout-hearted with
it all, so one day I made up my mind
I to strike out for myself and see a little
of the world beyond New York harbor.
A few hours after I made this mo
j mentous resolution in my young mind
I I was on board a ship sailing gayly
i past Sandy Hook on my way to the
Pacific Coast, and as I worked my pass
age 1 didn't have time to be home
sick during the whole voyage.
I found plenty of employment at my
trade .of calking here in San Fran
cisco and worked all around the water
front from Rincon Point out. I worked
up at Mare Island, too, for a time, but
mostly here in the city, where I made
a good many friends among the lads
of my own age. My boarding place
was over in what we called "the Val
ley" then— it is known as "Tar Flat"
now— and a lot of us young fellows
formed a sort of a club and hired a
room in which to pass our evenings
together, and it was there that I first
began to string verses together and
sing them to popular airs of the day.
The boys liked my songs immensely
and thought a good deal of me because
I was always willing to sing and gen
[ erally had something new and fresh
j on hand to amuse them, but I had no
they occur I don't think that we should
be blamed so much as we are by the
public. Now, the other day a little
child between 3 and 4 years of age ran
across my track on Folsom street, be
tween Steuart and Spear, and fell fiat
right in front of me. I managed to
stop the car before the wheels reached
it, though it was clear under the lattice
work, and those who saw the occur
rence or learned the facts from eye-wit
nesses praised me for my coolness and
quickness. Two reporters, however,
got on the car and wanted me to break
the rules and talk to them about it.
and because I would not they said very
wrong and unkind things of me the
next day, and made me feel very badly,
for I wouldn't have hurt the baby for
the world, and even coming near doing
so gave me a great shock.
L. SWEETMAN— If people would
wait till the car stops before they get
on or off it would be a great deal better
for all concerned, but it is a general
practice to jump on and off before a car
is under control, and if anythlnghappens
the blame is laid on the motorman. We
are not clairvoyants, any of us. and it
is hard to tell by the looks of folks
what they are intending to do. Take,
for instance, what happened to me on
Bryant street not long since. A man
sitting on the front end wanted to get
off at Fifteenth and he got up and
stood on the forward end of the step
and then, not waiting for the car to
stop, swung himself off in such a way
that he fell right in front of it. It was
a wonder that he wasn't killed, and
cases almost as bad happen right along.
Men and women both persist in get
ting off the wrong side of the car, and
getting off and running around in front
of the car just as it is starting up
again, to get across the street. If they
happen to be short the first we know
of them is seing their hats just in front
of us through the window, and it gives
a fellow a pretty hard start, too. Then
women have a way, down in the busy
parts of the town, of getting out into
the middle of the street right between
the tracks when they want to take a
car, and that is taking chances that
they ought not, and some people seem
possessed to promenade on curves.
I've seen dozens snatched back by
other persons just as a car was coming
around, and they never seem to realize
what they escaped.
W. J. WAlTES— During the nine
years that I have been on a car I have
seen accidents nearly happen almost
every day through simple carelessness
or recklessness of pedestrians and driv
ers. Children are continually running
into danger and keep us car men on the
jump. One of my frights was when two
boys on Mission street, near Six
teenth, started to chase each other
across the street. I was going not over
seven miles and rang my gong as hard
as I could, thinking to turn them back,
but they paid no attention. The first
one got over the track all right, then
turned and came back, and though he
saw me he seemed to get confused and
ran right toward me. I turned cold, for
I have children of my own. and couldn't
bear the thoughts of hurting one. but
I knew that it wouldn't do to lose my
head. I remember of deliberately count
ing in my head the notches of the con
troller "one, two, three, four," so as to
make a good stop, and though the little
fellow was knocked down and his head
was under the pilot board, he was not
hurt at all to speak of, only frightened
and dusty, and I tell you I was thank
ful! I am the man that ran into that
laundry wagon over on Alabama and
Twenty-sixth streets — that is, I didn't
run into it. but I came so near it that
there was only a matter of four feet be
tween me and the four children who
were driving it. We have to look out
particularly for such wagons anyhow,
for the drivers are so walled in that
they don't look out for themselves very
well, and so I slowed down when I saw
it coming, but they had the horse go
By Edward Harrigan
thought of making my living through
anything of that kind until the calk
ers' strike came on and I found my
self thrown out of employment. Then
any sort of an honest job was wel
come and when 1 was ottered a small
salary to go on and sing one of my
songs at the Olympic Theater, down
on Kearny street, where the California
Exchange now is, I decided to try it,
and the result was that 1 never went
back to ship-calking again.
All the boys that I knew came that
first night and brought all the boys
that they knew and all that their
friends knew and they handed me bou
quets of raveled oakum over the foot
lights and made things lively generally;
It was all done in a spirit of friendship,
though, and the 1 It that I made was so
pronounced that I kept right on In the
business.
Alex O'Brien waj my first team-mate
and he and I played at the Olympic and
at the old, and afterward the new,
Bella Union, doing l;lack-face special
ties under the n»me of Harrigan and
O'Brien. After that I took up Irish
business with a man named Rickey,
and we brought out "Mulcahy's Twins"
and others of my original si tches at
the Pacific Melodeon on the corner of
Kearny and Jackson streets, and played
under d- °erent managements in other
towns.
Making a success of our acts here
Rickey and I and a clever minstrel and
farce actor named Otto Burbank went
to Chicago, where we appeared at tha
Winter Garden, then badly run down,
and pulled the place up to most excel
lent business.
It was in Chicago that I first met
Tony Hart, then a very mdsome,
talented boy and a lovely singer, es
pecially of ballads, which he had been
singing with the Arlingt" \ Minstrels,
then closed. I grot him a position with
us at the Garden and wrote a sketch,
"The Little Fraud," for him and my
self, in which he took the part of a
young German girl. Without any ex
ception Tony Hart was the best female
impersonator that I ever saw, and one
of the greatest of character actors, and
together we did a phenomenal business.
I wrote our songs and sketches and
plays, aiming always at true delinea
tions of character, combined with
wholesome humor, with occasionally a
touch of pathos, and we made a hit
wherever we went.
We played "The Little Fraud" for
one hundred nights in the Howard
Athenaeum of Boston, under John Stet
son's management, and then spread out
on broader lines. In New York we
played at Butler's, Tony Pastor's. Josh
Hart's and other places, and then I
combined a number of our specialties,
stringing them together wfth a thread
of plot and calling the whole "The
Doyle Brothers" we took It from Ban
ing at such a good pace that when they
pulled the wrong rein and the car and
one of the wheels came in contact the
whole outfit went over. The car didn't
touch one of the children, but one of
the papers had it that all four were
crushed under the pilot, and that it was
all my fault, but it was more interest
ing to tell it that way than to state the
honest facts.
J. H. DUKELOW— We all have about
the same trials I guess— children play
ing in the street, people walking along
meditating when they ought to have
their eyes and ears in active service,
persons getting off the wrong side of
cars right under our wheels almost, ajid
careless or ignorant drivers. To see the
small boys that are allowed to drive
wagons here is astonishing. If they
can sit on a seat and hold reins they
are given charge of all sorts of rigs,
and though they may do well enough
when there is nothing to frighten them,
if they see a car coming or get into a
tight place, they are just as apt to pull
the wrong rein as the other, and bring
their horse and themselves right across
the front of a car. Grown persona who
are not accustomed to driving do the
same thing, too, and when we run into
them we are the ones that are blamed.
Then there are persons who think it
smart to annoy and alarm us and some
will deliberately walk nut in front of a
car for that purpose, and laugh at us
when we slow down. Hardly a week
passes that I don't get a dead fright
over children, and it does seem to me
that parents and guardians ought to
be made to keep their charges out of
the middle of the street. Children
stealing rides and playing tag off the
pavements risk their lives daily, and
the ones who don't teach them better
ought to have some of the blame when
they get run over. Night runs are bad
for there are so many intoxicated peo
ple and you never know what they are
going to do. Down on Third street not
long ago a man came out of the shadow
and I thought he was going to board
the car. Before I could stop, though,
he walked right in front of me and the
car struck him. I heard the bump and
it frightened me terribly, but as I had
slowed down on seeing him it only
knocked him over. For a wonder he
said it was his own fault, for he had
been drinking and didn't know what
he was doing, but that didn't make the
shock to my nerves any less.
J. S. BUCK— I came very near being
killed myself over on Broadway last
summer. There were a lot of boxes
stacked up on the edge of the sidewalk
and a boy ran right out from behind
them across my track. I couldn't stop
the car, to save me, until it hit him
and rolled him over, and though he
was only hurt a little a big crowd gath
ered and wanted to hang me right
there. One man pulled a knife, and
altogether I had a narrow chance of it.
You see. people's sympathies are al
ways with the one who gets knocked
down or hurt by the car; they never
stop to think out the motorman's sid«
of the affair, and so it is a rare thing
when we car men get fair play in these
matters.
A. E. OSGOOD— If the public were
half as careful of themselves as th»»
railroad men are of them there wouldn't
be any accidents at all comparatively.
I don't believe that there's a man on
the lines who would hit a dog with a
car purposely, much less a human be
ing. We are on the lookout to avoid
trouble all the time, but there Is hard
ly one of us who hasn't had adventures
with reckless or careless persons on
foot or in teams, that just make us
sick with fright for the time being.
Rainy days, when the track Is slip
pery, and fogey days, when you can't
see clear before you. are times we
specially dread, and children running
in the street and newsboys jumping on
and off cars, and sometimes trying to
jump from one car to another as t)y>y
Pfip"s. make our trips particularly ex
cit.ng.
gor. Me., to San Francisco and had
good houses all along the line.
Coming back to New York we leased
the Theater Comique, where w«
struggled along for a year, paying ex
penses but making nothing because the
house had been run down by Matt Mor
gan, one of the greatest scenic artists
and cartoonists that this country ever
produced, who ruined himself by orig
inating and producing "living pictures"
twenty years before his time. His en
tertainments, which were artistically
magnificent, were stigmatized as 'vul
gar" by the public, who years after paid
out small fortunes to persons who
utilized his idea in a much less refined
and pleasing way.
At his old place I began my series of
"Mulligan" plays, ten in number, pro
ducing them as sketches at first and
then amplifying them Into three
act plays, making the charac
ters striking types of the people
in the lower wards of the city,
and I followed these by dramas—
"Pete," "Waddy Goo-gan," "Old Laven
der" and others. Prospering well, we
built Harrigan and Hart's New Thea
ter Comique and presented there all my
own plays, including "The Major,"
"Squatter Sovereignty." "The Black
bird," "McSorley's Inflation," "Investi
gation," and so on, and in the height of
our success the theater burned down
uninsured and put an end to it all.
After that Hart and I separated and
I took the old Aquarium for a time, but
was fi-rced to build again for the reason
that my success was such that I was
the prey of landlords who wanted ex
orbitant rents from me. I built Harri
gan's, now the Garrick Theater, which
is Mrs. Harrigan's property, and still
the daintiest and prettiest of the city
theaters, and played there for a time
with my son, Edward. After his death,
at the age of 18, we leased the place, as
I had become convinced that the actor
manager — with the exception of Augus
tin Daly, that most indefatigable and
successful worker — has little chance In
competition with the purely business or
speculative manager.
When the Methodist conference at Law
rence, Kans., was almost ready to closo
some of the ministers were disc-using the
appointments and agreed among them
selves that everything was coming out
satisfactorily, the appointments having
all been fixed up. Then another preacher
bade his brethren not to be too sure.
"For." said he, "I was in conference with
Bishop Fowler once and we fixed every
thing up, and then the Bishop asked to
be allowed to commune with God awhile.
The rest of us retired, and from the con
dition in which we found the appoint
ments when we came back, I should say
that, if the Bishop talks with God again
to-day, he is likely to break that slate of
ours into pieces so small we can't w*lt«
our names on 'em."
2324
DREAMERS OF THE
GHETTO
There was recently assembled in the
little town of Basle, in Switzerland, a
conference to discuss and If possible
to adjudicate a cause which has been
heard before the court of the nations of
tk> earth Tor many centuries. From
nearly every civilized country came
delegates to this notable meeting,
which was called the Zionist Confer
ence, and various as were the tongues
spoken by them they exceeded not in
Dumber the solutions given to the great
ISRAEL ZfINGWILL, AUTHOR OF "DREAMERS OF THE
GHETTO."
riddle propounded by those who called
the meeting: How shall a Jewish state
be established?
They were In earnest, theee dreamers
:>f dreams, these propounders of prob
lems, Intensely so. Yet as a body,
what did they accomplish? Nothing.
Fur days they argued and debated. The
result? Absolutely nil. They merely
emphasized the truth of the statement
repeat' <l t< Ice daily by those of them
who were numbered among the ortho
dux that they were not like unto the
multitude. Yet the meeting in Basle
had one effect. It inspired one of the
visitors thereto to write a book,
which is one of the notable publications
of the year. It ia entitled "'Dreamers
of the Ghetto," by Israel Zangwill, and
is published in the United States by
Harper & l!r<>s., New York.
"This is a chronicle of dreamers," an
nounces Mr. Zangwill by way of pref
ace, and he concludes sadly: "For this
book is tli>- story of ;; Dream that has
aot come true. 1 ' Pessimistic? Yes, in
ieed, a complete study in pessimism,
jomparable only to the work of Henrik
n in his most depressing mood and
sounding- the lowest note of despair at
the view >>f unattainable ideals and
unrealized ambitions.
It is difficult to gather from Mr.
Eangwill's present work whether he is
PRIZE POSTERS for the ART EXHIBITION.
HRT should be beauty applied.
The most artistic thing is that
// v\ which, while being beautiful, is
best fitted for its use. Too fre
quently the adjectives beautiful and ar
tistic are used as synonymous, where
as they have different meanings. The
latter may include the former, but the
former may exist without the latter.
A thing may be very beautiful and yet
be "Ut of place, and therefore mar
Por this reason decorative
i ...iMing— or that which adapts itself
to utility and considers its environ
ment—is more artistic than pictorial
painting, which is absolutely individual
and not relative to anything.
All art found its origin in utility. The
first pictures and sculptures were de
signed to tell stories, and at the same
time to decorate buildings, and while
having a mission to perform were yet
«übordinate to the structure of which
they were a part.
A pictorial representation is apt to
play a 8010 port. Its reason for being
is its beauty, while a decoration be
longs to and acts as an accompaniment
to a useful purpose.
A poster is designed to perform a ser
vice. Its principal object is to adver
ti.-f, and just so far as the method of
advertising is subordinate to the ful
fillment "f this purpose is it artistic.
I Avertlsing we wish to inform the
world of the existence of a line of goods
and herein set forth their good quali
ties. To do this it is necessary to at
tract attention, therefore the mode of
advertising must bo attractive.
Now the- word attractive has also
come to have the same meaning as
beautiful, whereas it may mean just
the reverse, for we are sometimes held
by the force of something very un
pleasant. It is as impossible to es
cape from a shrieking sound as it is
from a shrieking color. The ear and
the eye must receive it, no matter how
unwilling.
In this great world of competition
eapn man feels it his business to use
just such means of outwitting his com
petitors as ■will «it him the attention
y* *h« nublic. and we therefore are sub
By Emanuel Elzas
an advocate or an opponent of the so
called Jewish state, but that concerns
us not. He has other claims on our at
tention. While yet a mere stripling he
realized that the rose of romance can
and does bloom in the raw air of the
poverty-stricken London Ghetto. He it
was who recognized that the mere tear
ing down of the barriers of irun could
not remove the restrictions placed
around the Ghetto Hebrew by himself,
and he even perceived a humorous side
to the dreary struggle for bread carried
on daily within its confines. Nor was
this all. With bitter irony he painted
the Hebrew when he had grown gross,
exhibiting the Jeshurun, who had
waxed fat and kicked, as merely an
elaboration of the poor East Ender. and
showed through him the fallacy of the
theories advanced for the solution of
the oft-mooted East End problem. Mr.
Zangwill may or may not have intend
ed to act as an interpreter for his peo
ple in their variety; but unquestionably
this is what he did in his first great
book. As a result we were given a pic
ture of such lifelike fidelity and so full
of the true spirit of humanity that the
whole world was moved upon by it.
"Dreamers of the Ghetto" is in the
main a collection of sketches bio
graphically treated. They are written
with all of Mr. Zangwill's descriptive
power. Characters so different as
Baruch, Spinoza, Heinrich Heine and
Zevi, the Turkish Messiah, are depicted
against the back round of the particu
lar environment that constituted the
Ghetto of their periods and countries.
Historical accuracy has been aimed at
with considerable success, and, where
possible, the sentiments expressed by
the several characters hay : been drawn
from their own writings. Some of the
stories, and those by no means of the
jected to every kind of advertising
monstrosity ranging from the red or
yellow front of a building to the brutal
and vulgar posters that cover the bill
boards of our cities, and the display
of questionable and unsightly goods in
our shop windows.
But there are some very beautiful
means of advertising also, to which
many of the posters distributed about
our different stores testify, and there
is probably no factor of this time that
has exerted a wider influence In the di
rection of educational art than the pos
ter.
It requires no mean ability to pro
duce a design that shall convey the de
sired idea in an attractive and beauti
ful manner, and many of our very best
artists have legitimately turned their
attention to this new industry.
The designs we see are varied in
character, but, very much after the
manner of the houses that are built or
the bonnets that are constructed, they
are apt- to be an expression of the
thought of the patron -nther than the
idea of the artist, frequently resulting
Now a design may be dignified or
frivolous; It may be refined or the re
verse. It may attract by its beauty
or through its appeal to the morbid and i
unhealthy qualities of thought. It may
tell its story in good composition, skill
ful drawing and satisfying color, or it
may violate all principles of technique
and be bizarre and gaudy.
The poster of to-day generally aims
to combine the language of words with
that of form and color, and the suc
cessful poster is the one in which these
two forms of expression supplement
each other.
To simply letter a crayon or oil por
trait, a landscape or flower study, when
the picture used is unrelated to the let
tering, is but to evade the problem of |
fitness of design for a useful purpose]
and to degrade the art thus utilized.
In looking over a collection of post
ers one naturally questions the artist's
motive in the use of certain elements, |
for very often the treatment of the sub
ject may be allegorical and the forms
involved symbolic.
Much interest was manifested in tha
competitive designs exhibited at the i
Sketch Cluo a week ago. The board
of managers of the Woman's Hospital
offered a prize of $25 for the best and i
515 for the second best design for a
poster which should advertise the Por- '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 18t»8.
I least tmportarce, are pure fiction, but
the one definite idea runs through
them all, that the character of the Jew,
whether he lived in the days of Ra
' meses or In the days of Victoria, has
! been influenced by practically the same
forces and the same surroundings.
Perhaps the most striking impression
that will be gained by the Gentile
; reader of the work before us is that
Mr. Zangwill has so much information,
', so many facts, so much lore touching
; Jewish matters, that he throws it out,
spttls it a perfect cataract with
i foam and spray dashing ..bout in the
| shape of description, analyses and dia-
I logue, till he is well nigh drenched in
: the torrent of his own eloquence.
It has bee;, said that no one can be
' come a capable biographer unless he
' have a great love or a great hate of
his subject. Adapting this line of rea
soning to the author of "Dreamers "of
| the Ghetto," one is forced to conclude
• that there lives to-day no man better
'' qualified to divine and transcribe the
! footings and sentiments of his brethren
!in faith. He possesses the great love
of his race, tempered with due recogni
tion of its errors and shortcomings, and
when a voice should be raised in its de
; fense he is well to the fore.
One of the most notable of the short
stories in Mr. Zangwill's last volume is
' entitled "Joseph, the Dreamer," and
perhaps this is the one that has In
spired the prefatory pessimism, as well
as I he streak of that quality pervading
! the entire book. The scene is laid in
! the Ghetto of Rome at the time when
i sufferance was yet the badge of the
Jew and its endurance was accompa
nied by the yellow outward mark.
'. Joseph, the son of Manassoh, has been
i to St. Peter's atttending the midnight
, mass. His impressionable nature is
\ aroused, and its restless cravings after
spirituality are satisfied. He is anxious
to imitate the Christ even to martyr
i dom. His mother, good Jewess as she
is, attempts reasoning without avail,
' and Joseph leaves to inform his father
I of his conversion.
Rachel pat on the floor and rocked to
; and fro in an agony of apprehension. The
leaden hours crept along. No one came,
I neither son nor husband. Terrible images
; '>f what was passing between them tor-
I mred her. Toward mid-day she rose and
' began mechanically preparing her hus
band's meal. At the precise minute of
year-long habit he came. To her anx
ious eye his stern face seemed more pallid
than usual, but it revealed nothing. He
washed his hands in ritual silence, made
I the blessing and drew a chair to the ta-
I ble. A hundred times the question hov
i ered about Rachel's lips, hut it was not
I till near the end of the meal that Bh«
ventured to say, "Our son is back. Hast
tbou not seen him?"
"Son! What son? We have no son." He
finished his meal.
Thus is Joseph sacrificed to what
eventually proves to be a vision. Dis
owned by his parents, it only remains
for the inquisitorial Council of Sixty to
render verdict and Judgment, which it
does swiftly.
Joseph ben Manassrh was to puffer the
last extremity of the Jewish law. All
Israel was called together to the Temple.
An awful air of dread hung over the as
semblage; in a silence as of the grave
each man upheld a black torch that
flared weirdly in the shadows of the
synagogue. A ram's horn sounded shrill
and terrible, and to its elemental music
the anathema was launched, the ap
palling curse withdrawing every human
rißlit from the outlaw, living or dead,
and the congregants, extinguishing their
torches, cried "Amen." And in a spirit
ual darkness as black. Manasseh tottered
home to sit with his wife on the floor and
bewail the death of their Joseph, while
a deatli-light glimmering faintly swam
on a bowl of oil. and the prayers for the
repose of the soul of the deceased rose
passionately on the tainted Ghetto air.
And Miriam, her Madonna-like face wet
with hot tears, burnt the praying-shawl
she was weaving in secret love for the
man who might some day have loved her,
and went to condole with the mourners,
holding Rachel's rugged hand in those
trait Loan Exhibition now on at the
Hopkins Institute of Art.
In studying these compositions one
was forcibly Impressed not only witn
the diversity of thought that one Idea
could suggest, but also with the dit
ferent styles of expression.
While some showed great Imagination
on the part of the artist, others were
only good examples of technical skill.
Some were decorative in conception and
| handling, being simply rendered in ilat
! tones, in good color combinations, while
! others did not quite reach this stand
ard of excellence.
One fact was quite evident, and that
, was that the artist as a rule has little
patience in mechanical work, such as is
i required in lettering, and there were
I not a few cases where the spectator
was permitted to supply deficiencies in
this regard.
The most beautiful design was that of
Miss Louise Schwamm. This young
< woman has repeatedly given us exam
i pies of her ability, and it Is gratifying
; to see her produce something so excel
lent The two beautiful girlish faces
profiled against a broken yellow back
ground are ably complimented in line
and color in the violet iris border above
and In the olive-toned panel below.
The decorative handling of the color
scheme, which is that of contrasted
harmony, and the thought suggested,
make it well deserve the first prize
which was awarded to it.
The second-prize winner consisted of
a sphinxlike portrait of a woman paint
ed in tones of blue green gray on a me
dallion, which made a pleasing contrast
with the broken red background upon
which was placed the lettering of the
poster. The conception of the subject,
by which this talented young artist
aimed to express womanly dignity, was
handled with much feeling.
Probably the most successful piece of
applied design was a very interesting
study in soft yellow grays, by Benja
min Armer, in which two figures repre
senting "Charity" were relieved against
a pair of black wings and enclosed by
some very pleasing conventional • mo
tives. Mr. Armer most surely has a
feeling for breadth of line and symme
try of arrangement. His design was
commended not only for its artistic
qualities, but also for the excellence of
its lettering.
The choice of the designs among the
members of the sketch club was one
soft, sweet fingers that no lover would
ever clasp.
But Rachel wept for her child and
would not bo comforted.
But the dead Jew is resurrected in
the living Christian. The scholarly
apostate is compelled to deliver ser
mons during his novitiate In a large
oratory near the Ghetto. After his ac
ceptance of the monastic vows a Bull
is issued, making it incumbent upon
the Jews to attend his sermons. Rows
of the devout are painfully whipped
toward the church door, and their sober
faces indicate the attention they are
giving to that strange institution, the
Predica Coattiva. Alas! "Joseph the
Dreamer" did not know that, adopting
the whimsical device hit on by a droll,
all these devout Hebrews had wadding
stuffed deep into their ears!
By and by carnival week arrives, and
with it the Roman Hebrew touches the
extreme of indignity, the Jews' race.
Six representative members of the He
brew community are compelled after a !
hearty meal to run a race. To acceler- |
ate their pace, a mounted officer with :
a squad of soldiers gallops at their i
heels. Noble sport, forsooth! On ai
specious pretext it is decided to compel j
the runners to compete again, notwith- ;
standing that a young Jew has been j
tendered the pallio as winner of the !
contest.
One of the runners has fallen un
conscious. The young Hebrew who has
reached the goal first begs for a cup
of water, but no one stirs to give it to
him, and lifting the head of the old ,
man, he finds that he is dead. Then
drawing a crucifix from beneath his
cloak, the young man- announces him
self. It was the renegade. His self
that received honorable mention— the
design of Miss Mabel J. Williamson.
This beautiful product represents a well
poised girlish figure standing reposeful
ly in the middle of the Pjetnre, Riding
a portrait in her amis. The subject is
decoratively treated in flat tones and
the color scheme is much admired.
Mrs Arthur Mathews exhibited a
very pleasing study in browns repre
senting a girl observing herself in a
hand glass, while Mr. Joulhn showed a
head of a woman worked in crayon,
and Joseph Strong expressed his idea,
of what a poster should be in an oil
portrait of a woman. Mr. Cxreenbaum
exhibited two water color studies, one
representing some people viewing an
exhibition and the other the interior
of a studio.
Miss Helen Hyde contributed the
study of a chubby little woman gowned
in empire costume inspecting some
pictures. This study was painted on
vellum and was very pleasing in its
monochrome color.
Mr. Nappenback showed some very
skillful drawing and some most excel
lent lettering in both of the studies
he sent, while Robert McKee showed
some very able pen and ink work in
his two examples.
Miss Nellie Treat contributed a very
pleasing study of an old-fashioned
portrait, and Miss Kate Hall's pen and
ink study of a woman looking through
a lorgnette at some pictures is most
excellent in its simple handling. Miss
Mabel Downing's black and white
study called forth much favorable com
ment.
Douglas McClees' allegorical study
had much in it to commend. The
treatment of the background was es
pecially happy. The mass of rich blue
most fittingly relieved a dainty line of
white smoke that subtly wound its up
ward way.
Mr. Raphael's design w s much ad
mired and considerable surpi-e was
expressed that it did not receive some
notice from the judges. It represents
three beautiful figures grouped against
a woodland background arranged in a
series of three decorative nanels. The
design shows considerable conscien
tious thought and effort.
Probably the most artistic design
was that entitled "The Town Crier,"
by Edwin Arnold, a student at the art
school. This is most "postery" inas
much as it suggests the usual mode of
advertising, printing, together with
the consistent use of the materials
from which a poster is made. It is
modest, refined, dignified r nd excellent
in technique. The color schema is that
of analogous harmony and is very sat
isfactory. In this design nothing ui
fends and much pleases. Mr. Arnold's
design was sufficiently appreciated by
the judges to receive hoi.orablo men
tion. K. M. B.
sacrifice on two occasions has proved
vain. The Dominican Jew is tried and
found guilty, and is condemned to the
stake.
We shall not quote Mr. Zangwill'fl
powerful description of the Dreamer's
awful punishment, but we cannot for
bear reprinting that horrible drawing
of Joseph's father and mother celebrat
ing the execution.
In the house of Manasseh, the father of
Joseph, there were great rejoicings.
Musicians had been hired to celebrate the
death of the renegade, as tradition de
manded, and all that the Pragmatic per
mitted of luxury was to hand. And they
danced, man with man and woman with
woman. Manasseh gravely handed fruits
and wine t<> his guests, but the old mother
danced frequently, a s^ct smile on her
wrinkled face, the whole frame shaken
from moment to moment by peals of
horrible laughter.
Of a lighter kind, yet, having In its
composition a certain pathetic element.
Is the story entitled. "The Palestine
Pilgrim." Aaron, the peddler, a Russian
exile domiciled in Manchester, has by
dint of much self-denial amassed a few
pounds. He has no family, and deter
mines to spend the rest of his life in an
attempt to establish a Jewish state in
the Holy Land. He broaches the idea
to his associates, and he Is laughed at.
Nevertheless, he makes the journey.
He is on the point of entering the port
of Jaffa, and is in a transport of happi
ness at at last reaching the land of his
fathers. Let the concluding para
graphs of the story tell what success
this Dreamer of the Ghetto encoun
tered:
He had one foot on the soil of the Holy
Laud, when a Turkish official in a shabby
black uniform stopped him.
FIRST PRIZE, BY MISS LOUISE SCHWAMM.
From a Sketch by Miss Louise Sehwamm.
The two beautiful .erirlish faces are profiled against a broken yellow back
ground, ably complemented in time and color in the violet iris border above and
in the olive-toned panel below.
Sketched by the Winner.
A sphinxlike portrait of a woman, painted in tones of blue-grten gray on a medallion, which makes a t>leailn«
contrast with the broken red background upon which is placed the lettering of the poster.
"Tour passport." he &aid. in Arabic.
Aaron could not understand. Somebody
interpreted.
"I have no passport," he answered, with
a premonitory pang.
"Where are you going?"
"To live In Palestine."
"Where do you come from?"
"England," he replied, triumphantly. ,
feeling this was a mighty password
throughout the world.
"You are not an Englishman?"
"No-o." he faltered. "I have lived in
England some— many years."
••Naturalized?"
"No," said Aaron, when he understood.
"What countryman are you."
"Russian."
"And a Jew, of course?"
"Yes."
"No Russian Jews may enter Pales
tine."
Aaron was hustled back Into the boat
and restored safely to the steamer.
In anothor sketch Mr. Zangwill has
undertaken the responsible experiment
of voicing the thoughts of Heine. Most
of the monologue is striking, and shows
the remarkable power of Zangwill in
sympathetic imagination. We quote:
I am Spain, 1 am Persia. I am the North
Sea, I am the beautiful gods of old
Greece, I am Brahma brooding over the
sun lands, I am Egypt, I am the Sphinx.
Ach, why was not I made four square,
like Moses Mendelssohn, or sublimely
one-sided, like Savonarola? • * * To
be Don Quixote and Sancho Panza is
one, oh, what a tragedy! * * • I should
have loved to have been a Milton— like
one of your English cathedrals. ♦ * •
Or one of your aristocrats with a stately
home in the country, and dogs and horses.
and a beautiful wife. In short, I should
like to be your husband. Or, failing in
that, my own wife * * • whose idea of
culture is cabbages. * * * My very pa
rents never understood me. Nay, were
SECOND PRIZE.
they my parents— the mild man of busi
ness, the uever, clear-headed, romance
:!iing Dutchwoman, God bless he .'
No, my father was Germany, my m
was the Ghetto.
The author of "Dreamers of the
Ghetto" has rarely shown his remark
able versatility to a greater extent
than he has in this collection of
sketches. Whosoever would know the
ancient Jew, the medieval Jew. the
modern Jew, must Ltudy this last work
of their most capable Interpreter. It is
a careful analysis and a reman.
Study of the attributes of the Hebrew
in many lands and under many con
ditions. Those of the stories that can
be classed under the head of pure fic
tion are the best of their kind.
SHORT NOTES
ABOUT
AUTHORS.
Julia Magruder will have a book out
this spring with Herbert S. Stone & Co.
"A Realized Ideal" is its title.
"Eugene Field in His Home," by Miss
[da ("omstock Below, sister of Mrs. Field
and member of the family for years, will
bo published by E. P. Dutton & Co. this
month.
Another volume from the indefatigable
Andrew I.ang: Mr. Lang is said to have
almost finished a history of Scotland,
which will be ready for publication some
time this autumn.
Mr. Rudyard Kiting is credited with
the completion of a new book to be called
"The Burning of the Sarah Sands." If
present arrangements hold good it will
appear during the later spring.
Professor Max Muller has been prepar
ing bis writings for a uniform edition
which Messra Longmans are to publish.
The volumes will be issued monthly, be
ginning with the "Uifford Lectures on
Natural Religion." "The Chips From a
German Workshop" will run through four
volumes, while "The Science of Lan
guage" will till two.
Thomas Wentworth Higginson hap just
corrected the final proofs of his "Tales
of the Enchanted Islands of the Atlan
tic." which will shortly be published by
the Macmillan Company. The book will
treat of the cycle of romance that lies
within the early Irish. English. Spanish,
and other traditions of the Happy Isles
of the West before the historian's work
of stamping out fancy with fact began.
The manager of a large distributing
book concern In London impresses on
writers the advantages of a pond title.
Nine-tenths of the peopre who buy books
select by means of the title only. "That
sounds interesting," says the possible
purchaser, and so he buys. This man
ager, who only wants t<> sell books, holds
"that a title should be short, crisp and
concise, and that it should convey a clear
impression of the book. Then let a title
be euphonious," he adds, "it sticks
better to the memory."
The Dodge Book and Stationery Com
pany of this city has issued "A Ccnec
tion of Wild Flowers of California," made
by Miss E. C. Alexander, with appropri
ate sonnets contributed by Misses Ina
D. Coolbrith and Grace Hibbard. The
work is one of the daintiest productions
of this State we have ever examined, and
the utilization of natural flowers is a
most effective one. Four editions already
Issued testify to the popularity of this
charming volume, which is sold in vari
ous binding from 50 cents to $S.
We have received from the publishers
a copy of "The Coming- Light," pub
lished In this city. The objects of >. c
magazine, aw outlined on its tine page,
are: "To liberate man, woman and child,
socially, religiously and politically, to ed
ucate and to rais^ mankind from animal
ism to Godhood. from limitation to liberty,
and in every way to assist individual and
social development." The promoters .if
"The New Light" are Drs. Cora A. Morse
and Mary A. Jar.ney. The magazine ap
pears to be Intelligently edited and well
printed and illustrated.Wonderful Petrified Forest
Discovered in NEVADA
THIRTY FEET OF 6 PETRIFIED TREE THAT HAD A TOTfIL LENGTH OF OVER 200 FEET. THIS FALLEN GIANT HflD A DIAMETER IN SOME
PLACES OF NEARLY 6 FEET, OND HflD THE fISPECT IN EVERY WAY OF fl PERFECT PIECE OF TIMBER WITH THE BARK
KNOCKED OFF- THE ABOVE PICTURE WAS TOKEN AT A POINT WHERE THE TREE HflD FALLEN ACROSS A RAVINE.
DEEP in the wilds of Ilumboldt
County, Nevada, Is the most
wonderful petrified forest in the
world.
Although the plate has been
known to cattle men and hunt
ers for many years, newsiof its exlst
has just reached civilization. In
a way It was "discovered" last fall by
a party "f exploring campers, one <>f
vh"m was Mrs. Ida Meacham Stro
bridge, the well-known writer. This
lady, while on the trip, secured a num
ber of good photographs of the strange
petrifactions, a Bet of which she has
just presented to the Academy of Sci
3, where they have caused the
greatest interest among the members.
The photographs leave no doubt of the
remarkable character of the locality re
ferred to, and no doubt much more of
interest will come to light as the years
BO by.
The most .remarkable aspect of this
wonderful petrified forest is the fact
that many of the trunks are standing.
Some of these are at least fifteen feet
above the ground, and where the trees
grew on cliffs, the roots can be
I iwnward for at least thirty
feet. The surrounding country is full
■nders. For miles it will be cov
< red with a bright red gravel, when
it will suddenly change and become a
beautiful jasper. There are caves <>f
wonderful depth, canyons with walls
of dizzy height and deep pools in the
bottoms, clear deep. On every side
are wonders and wonders, and the more
careful the exploration the more
nd beautiful things come to
light.
The exact location of this wonderful
region is northwestward from the sta
tion of Humboldt— its nearest railroad
communication — a hundred miles
straight as the crow flies.
• ; h it by the shortest route
nuflt cross more than one rang' of
tains and a thirty-mile wide des
•rt that for the greater part of the
year Is waterless. Then one goes jour
ng through skyland— up among
THE WRITING ON THE WALL
THE recent discovery by The
Call's expedition of the lost
turquoise mines in Southeast
ern California, with the numer
ous untranslatable hieroglyph-
ics on the rocks near tho beds
of precious stone, renews the in
terest that has been spasmodically
accorded to the writings of those
parsed away races that once peopled
this continent.
.Man takes his written histor:es and
goes back a few thousand rears into
the past, and there he finds that his
race was perfect in its development,
even as it is to-day. What transpired
before the historical period has come
down in fragmentary legends about
occurrences during a few centuries
previous and then we find that the
pules bear records of deeds done so
Jong ago that even the memory of tra
dition does not account for the van
ished race. The everlasting rocks bear
the story on from generation to gener
ation and from age to age until every
meaning is almost obliterated by the
changed conditions and environments.
These stone records are to be found
in all parts of the world, but nowhere
in such profusion- as in the United
States. From Maine to Alaska and
from Florida to Southern California,
they are found, constantly telling of
the progress of man. Some are so an
: ient that no man has even a legend to
account for them, while others may
have been the product of yesterday's
labor.
There is no portion of the entire
N'.rth American continent in which
petroglyphfl are not to be found. Is
there .a huge bowlder, v ater worn and
smooth— there is found some engraved
(igure showing that man tuts utilized it
for a recording place; do canyon walls
rise high and sheer, presenting a suit-*
able tablet for inscription— there are
found etchings made with implements
of obsidian and chert, showing that
man has taken this as a page on which
to write a •> •♦'on of the world's his
tory; on cliffs, on ledges, wherever
smooth surfaces are to be found, some
inscription, some writing, some hiero
glyphic notation of the presence of an
intelligent being who had the aspira
tion tn be known to future generations,
is indelibly marked.
Either etched with sharp and flinty
tool, pecked with pointed chert or ob
sidian silver, engraved with heavier
implement of agate or painted with
high mesas that, meeting the sky,
mark a level horizon; a vast area of
table lands innumerable, their fiat
i tups bound round with a wall of
rimrock.
The petrified trees are in the heart of
Virgin Valley, and to reach the valley
one is compelled to go down Hell Creek
Hill. Perhaps that Is why the "for
est" is so little known. That and the
fact that the road thence is simply a
"cow trail." over which but once a
year the "conk wagon" of the fall ro
deo is driven when making its rounds
as the vaqueros are gathering beef for
the great California cattle king whose
stock range it is.
STUMP SIX FEET HIGH SURROUNDED BY PETRIFIED CHIPS.
With the brake set and a rock
of goodly size under each wheel, in de
fiance of the law of gravitation a four
horse wagon, one day, obligingly clung
colors furnished from nature's great
storehouses, they are to be seen every
where as the first effort of primitive
man to make a record of the events in
his life that he considered of sufficient
importance to be handed down to his
descendants.
In the southern part of California
are to be found paintings on the rocks
with few etchings or engravings; fur
ther east, along the line reaching
through Arizona, New Mexico, Kan
sas. Missouri <>hio, CJeortfia and up
into West Virginia are to be found
both etched and painted records, while
further north the paintings disappear
and deep incisions in the rocks tell
plainly that the authors of the work
intended that neither time nor the ele
ments should efface their story.
of all the hieroglyphics that have
ever been found in this country prob
ably that discovered thirty-six years
ago by a Kansas farmer in the south
eastern part of that State will take
pre-eminence in the matter of im
portance. The scarred face of a huge
bowlder there bears the record, done
in most elaborate design, of the con
quest of the country by a maritime
race, who left in the center of the con
tinent the record of their ships and
previous nationality.
<»n the overhanging underside of this
rock is a series of carvings, which if
properly interpreted might lead to s<.-me
of the most remarkable archaeological
discoveries ever known. It tells the
story of an invasion by men who came
across the sea and of the driving out
of the people who builded the vast
mounds and earthworks which mark
their presence almost across the entire
continent. The point of invasion is
shown, and the line over which the in
habitants were driven is indicated by a
series of birS tracks, the toes pointing
in the direction of the movement. The
invaders were large men, while the
residents were small. Around the pic
ture are numerous figures of mer
maids with many of th>> old style
cheval de frise anchors. Neptune, or
Poseidon, with his trident, rises from
the watt r and Beeraa to direct the
forces of the invading hosts.
Were it the object of this article to
bring out surmises from the petro
glyphs, there is much in this one that
arouses the imagination. Whether the
appearance of Neptune and the mer
maids bears any relation to the inhab
itants of the lost continent of Atlantis
or not will never be positively known,
but it is evident that the people who
etched the history of this remarkable
contest knew of the sea and also of the
ancient god who is the mythological
ruler thereof. Nor is it in this etching
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 189 S.
to the perpendicular side of Hell Creek
Hill that the camera might bear wit
ness to the outside world that such
things could be.
This road is one of the penalties of
the trip; another (which is not a pen
alty, but a pleasure, to some; and
ought to be such to every one) Is the
camping out — alone — afar from human
voice or habitation it, at times, neces
sitates.
Yet it is a good thing, lying down at
night in the open, where the air is so
BWeet and COO] and dry that sleeping
out fills one's lungs with new life and
one's veins with a new keen delight.
What better bed would you than
to have the whole of earth beneath you
; and all heaven overhead? — a canopy
made, of infinite night sprinkled with a
I diamond dust of stars.
alone that these figurers are to be
found. From the famous Dightcm
Rock in Massachusetts to the elabo
rately colored paintings in Southern
California there are found many queer
figures which give to the mind of the
student an involuntary impression that
he is approaching the borderland of
that mystery that ha,s puzzled the
world thousands of years— the mystery
of human existence.
Great caution should be exercised in
accepting certain figures that have
been declared recent by scientists as
being in reality the result of contact
with civilization under Christian domi
nation. It is of frequent occurrence
that the Christian cross is found em
blazoned among the grotesque and
unique figures that are etched on the
rocks nil over the continent, but when
it is remembered that such a cross was
used as the Toltec sign for the four
winds long centuries before the foot of
civilized man stepped on these shores
and that this sign is even now used by
the Puebla Indians and also some of
the northern tribes in this same sym- '
be], it will be understood that no euch
significance as that placed by the scien
tists can be attributed to it with abso
lute certainty. In some instances the
early missionaries carved these crosses !
to take off the curse of paganism they i
thought the hieroglyphics conveyed i
Those who are interested in the study
of petroglyphs need not take long trips
to find them, for they are in all parts
of the country. In Pennsylvania a
great many detached glyphs are found.
On the Kenawha River, in West Vir
ginia, the rocks bear evidence of hav
ing long been made the recording place
for the race which occupied that section
of the country. The unique feature of
these glyphs, as well as of many In
Ohio, is that they have been cut an
rocks lacing the river and are in such
a position that the carver must either
have been suspended by ropes from
above <>r Stood in ;i boat when the wa
ters wore high. In I'tuh are some of
the most remarkable rock-writings
that have been found. One canyon
wall in the southeastern pnrt of the
State contains rock carvings that ex
tend for a quarter of mile and, em
brace nearly 2000 figures.
Probably nowhere have more glyphs
been found than in Arizona, and no
where are they more perfect.
On every cliff, every canyon wall and
every largo bowlder, in every cave and
even in the lava beds, the writings are
to be found in such profusion that the
student has almost the task of a life
time to decipher them all. Thoy are
not only numerous but are peculiar and
END OF A TILTED STUMP.
The Sand and Gravel Have Been Washed Away prom Around This
Petrifaction, Exposing About Six feet of It. Tfye Indications
Are That This Is but a Small Part of the Tree Still Intact.
But whether you care for a camp bed
made out under the sky or not, it will
very likely fall to y.>ur lot if y<>u find
your way into Virgin Valley, for hos
pitable though the inhabitants of that
part of Humboldt i lounty be. the ranches
are scattered and far apart. Once In
the valley a genen.us welcome is ex
tended t<> the traveler at the little cabin
where Term Sizer, a ruddy-faced Eng-
INDIAN GLYPHS DISCOVERED IN DIFFERENT PARTS OF ThjE UNITED STATES.
different from those found elsewhere.
One of the most noted petrographs is
a painted record on a cliff in Santa
Barbara County, Cal., which Is very
elaborate, both as to coloring and de
sign. This has been interpreted to be
the record of a trading expedition
which came down from the north. The
cut, which is presented herewith, can
give no conception of the coloring,
which is still rich, vivid and distinct.
Another very extensive painting is to
be seen about sixty miles north of Ran
ta Barbara, on the ranch of Senor
I lishman, is host — Tom Sizer, who knows
the petrified forest as no one else does,
and who is kingliest of his kind as
guide.
There could be no housing in the
world fuller of hospitable cheer than
one will find in this rough little cabin
where the walls are papered with Eng
lish and American illustrated weeklies,
, and the unpainted shelves filled with
! Orenas, in Carisa plain. This is beau- !
tifully painted and shows a record of '
j considerable note. In Azuca Canyon, j
! California, is a pictograph that is
i wonderful because of its purpose.
i The canyon is one of the most
inaccessible in the mountains and
unless the traveler is . well ac
quainted with the trail he will surely
get lost. The pictographs in this can
• yon have been placed there for the
i purpose of being a constant guide to
j travelers.
Among the most constant figures
worn boo-ks and the accumulated litter
of a bachelor's camp.
When the day is done and you have
enjoyed such a supper of broiled moun
tain trout as you will swear was never
tasted before: tired from a day's hard
jaimt you may sit there in the gather
ing dusk— your big home-made chair
drawn up before a great sagebrush lire
that goes roaring up the chimney from
the broad flagged hearth; a fire that
snaps and sparkles and crackles as it
replenished from the heap of sage
brush piled more than halfway to the
low ceiling in a corner near by. The
flames send elfish shadows sk'urrying
into the darkening places, and there
'PETRIFIED REMAINS OF TWO FOREST GIANTS.
These Stumps Are Nearly Ten Feet Above the Ground and
the Roots Reach Downward About Twenty feet.
they waver and hide while you sit with
outward-turned palms shading your
face from the glowing heat while you
watch fire pictures of white ember, and
red coal, and blue blaze; and over all
wreathe and writhe colls of orange
flame.
The evenings, no less than the days,
in Virgin Valley are compensation for
the trip.
The valley is nnt one belonging to
the lowlands, but lies high in the top
of a mountain range marked every
where by the great lava How. Eight
miles and more in length and a mile
widf, it forms a beautiful meadow of
wild grasses that grow rank and
tall. And down its whole length runs
Virgin Creek— as yet Indeed a virgin
stream undiscovered by the expert fish
erman and sacred from rod and fly. The
lower end of the creek is warm from
the waters overflowing from one of the
many hot springs common to the coun
try; but the upper end holds still pools,
cold as Ice, and fringed with tall reeds
and taller willow, wh<=re, In the cran
nies of rocks down in the brown depths,
you catch a glimpse of waving brown
"fins as trout (great, beautiful fellows
nearly a foot long) hang suspended be
low the still surface
Another compensation for the trip.
VVild rosebushes and scattering wil
lows border the banks, and now and
then is found a tiny grove of shaking,
shivering aspens, but you will find none
that measure over eighteen inches in
diameter. The giants of the past are
gone or turned to stone.
found in these various petroglyphs are
representations of human, bird and
bear feet. With these are found pic
tures of men, women and children,
birds, beasts and reptiles and human
hands. The sun, moon and stars are
also frequent, as is the wave line which
is now known to mean water. There is
also to be found that mysterious fig
ure, which is seen from the deepest
jungles of Yucatan to the shores of the
Arctic seas — the sign of the red hand.
In the glyphs of New Mexico and Ari
zona the ngure of the sun is always
For an area of perhaps six miles pet
rified trees are found here and there,
but only very scatteringly. One may
ride a mile or more over low hills of
white earth that yields under foot like
wood ash, and see r.o sign of petrifac
tions, to again come on quite a "grove"
of standing stumps varying from two
to eight feet in diameter, The average,
however, is not over six. The winter
rains eat into the soft banks of the low
foothills that border the valley and
year by year new stumps and logs of
onoenobie pines are being exposed. Few
are agatized, as are the famous trees of
other petrified forests, and many are
white as calcined bones.
The gullies and washes leading down
to the meadow are frequently graveled
with the fine flakes of wood, that, brit
tle as glass, crackle and crumble under
one's horse's footfalls.
Most of the stumps are within a dis
1 trict of a mile square, and there is one
particular portion containing about 150
I acres that is rich in specimens of knots
I and gnarls, and the twigs and limbs
that lie scattered about whichever way
y<>u may turn. A soft earth bank of
'. perhaps five acres shows the end of
\ 10-gs and stumps and roots of trees pro
| truding everywhere.
A stump eight feet high and of the
i same diameter stands alone in the
. midst of endless chips from the work
i shop of the Great Carpenter of the
i world. Another, fifteen feet tall, with
its roots easily traced for thirty feet
i each way from where it stands, over
! looks the valley from an insecure foun
dation, and one expects it momentarily
to fall.
Across a little gully made by the
j heavy winter rains a log lies like a foot
i bridge, . ith over thirty feet of its larg
er end protruding from the hillside
which hides the other end. How far it
may reach underground, how tall it
may have been when it fell, we cannot
see. The thirty feet and more that are
j exposed show in the entire length but a
I six-inch taper. Verily, there " were
i giants in those days" — as compared
; with the little aspens of to-day — when
these stone pines lived monarchs of the
mountains about Virgin Valley.
present and is probably there in its
mystic significance.
The concerted effort to decipher
these reck writings that is now going
on from the Atlantic to the Pacific
may result in bringing to light those
secrets which have been supposed to
be buried in the mounds that dot the
country across the continent, and one
day we may know the history of that
mysterious people who left so many
evidences of '->eir residence behind
without giving a clue to their person
ality. CHARLES HARLAND.
2526
WOMEN AS LIFE INSURANCE
AGENTS
THERE are but few, branches of
business that the modern woman
has not taken up within the last
score of years.
They have proven to the world that
they can and do work as well, and in i
many cases better than the lords of j
creation. Just now they are invading
the life insurance field and their advent
has brought about some big changes in j
that line of business. It has led to two
things, first, the bnrs prohibiting women
from insuring at the regular rates have j
been let down, and the biggest com- j
panics in tho East have established a j
women's department, presided over by j
a woman superintendent, who judges j
all applications made by the women j
agents. Some years ago life insurance |
companies would not accept women as
"risks" at all.
Mr. Shields, the manager of the Equi
table I^ife, says that women are far bet- i
ter risks than men. "I cannot under- ■
stand." said he, "why the silly law was
rot aJtered long ago. While women are ,
fully as courageous and ambitious as ;
rm>n, they arc more careful and cau
tious. I would rather insure women
than men. Our women's department;
wag opened in January last, a: 1 is pre- \
Bided over by Mrs. Rose Emmons, a !
lady whose business qualifications 1
are well known all over the East, i
Bhe has done a little <>f every- i
thing in a business line, from \
running a real-estate office with !
a dozen employes to superintending a
mine. This is the first company on the
coast to introduce the Eastern innova
tion, and If I have heard correctly
other companies will follow or intend
shortly to follow our example."
Mrs. Emmons herself is a bit sur
prising. After hearing of her wonder
ful success in business of all kinds you ,
would naturally stippose her a large
Belf -assertive woman, who would look
the part of the new woman. But she is
nothing of the sort, for a more womanly i
woman could not be found in this or j
any <'thcr city. True, she wears her j
hair cropped short, and mannish look
ing coat and skirt, but her wearing ap- |
par^l only enhances her womanly face. |
And when she speaks of her children
and her Invalid husband she is all that I
a wife and mother should be, a great j
deal more than some arc. for when ruin \ I
was staring her family in the face she
hnd the courage to go into the world
and battle for those loved ones. Mrs. !
Emmons is very enthusiastic about the ; j
new field for women. "We are not very j
far ta'liirnl the men in this work." she j |
paid. "You know we arenotlimited toin- !
'suring women; indeed, some of the best |
'risks' on men have been brought into
the office by women agents. Yes, we |
have come to stay in this as well as in
many other fields of work. At present | |
I have a dozen women agents under me,
but by the end of the year I expect to |
have fully fifty in different parts of the :
State." ! I
TVAB THE IDEAL COMMANDER.
Washington, a Kr^at commander, had
the genius for getting all that was best I
out of the men under him, but the ;
work of or^anizin^ and disciplining the
army at Cambridge was the least of the
troubles which confronted him when he i
faced the situation at Boston. More
over, he knew all the difficulties, for i
he not only saw them, but he was
never under delusions as to either
pleasant or disagreeable facts. One
of his greatest qualities was his abso
lute veracity of mind; he always looked :
a fact of any sort squarely In the face,
and this is what h" saw when he
turned to the task before htm — From I
"The Story of the Revolution," by Sen- !
ator H. C. I^odge, in the February ,
Scrlbner's.
SOCIETY
EASTER week, although not so '
prolific in social entertainment as J
the initiated had not only pre
dicted but expected, more than
made up in quality for the lack of
quantity. Elaborate, brilliant af- i
fairs predominated, and the Informal j
gathering was altogether the exception.
Not much in the entertaining line Is
promised for the future, and the season
now may be virtually said to be closed.
Already preparations are being made
for the summer exodus. Those who have '
country places are preparing to take pos- '
session, and there is much talk of house I
parties, according to the prevailing East- i
crn and European style.
Rooms at the various fashionable re- !
sorts are alrenily in great demand, though
pociety as yet has shown no preference :
for any special resort.
The Easter dance Monday evening at j
the Palace was a most elegant affair, and
the dozen university bachelors who acted
as hosts are being overwhelmed with con
gratulations.
On Wednesday Mrs. Darling gave an
elegant luncheon at the Occidental, com
plimentary to Mrs. C. P. Huntington. j
Like all the entertainments at which Mrs.
Darling presides, the luncheon was char
acterized by exquisite taste and elaborate |
detail. Pink and red roses made a most
artistic table decoration.
Mrs. Darling's guests were Mrs. C. P.
Huntington, Mrs. Henry 1.. Dodge, Mrs.
Alexander Center, Mrs. Clinton E. Wor- j
den, Mrs. Oscar F. Long. Mrs. J. H.
Jewett. Mn. William H. Avery. Mrs.
John Boggs. Mrs. M. 11. de Young, Mrs.
Frank S. Douty. Mrs. H. W. Elliott, Mrs.
Oliver P. Evans, Mrs. James L. Frazier,
Mrs. Joseph A. Folsom, Mrs. J. D. Fry,
Mrs. T. B. McFarland. Mrs. F. M. Hatch,
Mrs. 8. W. Holladay, Mrs. W. H. Mills,
Mrs. G. Niobaum, Mrs. tSeale. Mrs. R.
P. Schwerin, Mr 3. J. C. Stubbs, Mrs. J. j
8. Wethered, Mrs. Frank Wilson, Mrs.
"W. F. Herrin, Mrs. J. Kruttschnitt, Miss
Campbell, Miss Center.
Two luncheons were given at the real
dance of Mrs. Isaac L. Requa, in Pied
mont, on Tuesday last, and both proved
to be most delightful affairs. Mrs. Requa's
luncheon was in honor of Mrs. George I
Crocker, and the ladles present to meet j
her were:
Mrs. William H. Mills, Mrs. William P. !
Morgan, Mrs. Richard Carroll, Mrs. Fish
er Ames, Mrs. 11. E. Butters, Mrs. James
L. Frazier, Mrs. Walter E. Dean, Mrs
J. A. Folger, Mrs. Le Grande Cannon
Tibbetts, Mrs. L. A. Booth. Mrs. S. W.
Holladay, Mrs. Homer &. King. Mrs!
Julius Kruttschnitt, Mrs. George H
Whoaton, Mrs. Philip Bowles, Mrs W
F. Herrin and Mrs. John B. Moore.
The other luncheon was given by Mrs
Requa's daughter, Mrs. Oscar Fltzalon
Long. :is a compliment to Mrs. Crocker's
daughter. Miss Alice Rutherford, who
acted as one of the bridesmaids at Mrs.
Long's wedding. The other ladies pres
ent were:
Mrs. Clinton E. Worden, Mrs. Mark L.
Requa, Mrs. Edson F. Adams, Mrs. S. W.
Oroesbeck, Mrs. William Magee, Mrs. H
M. A. Miller. Miss Ella Morgan, Miss
Therese Morgan. Miss Jessie GUaflOOCk
Miss Lucy Ilerrick. Miss Belle Mhoon,
Miss Bernice Landers, Miss Minnie '
Houghton, Miss Baldwin, Miss Palmer
and Miss Wood. •
Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Schwerin gave a
very pleasant dinner party on Saturday
evenlUK. April 9, at their residence, nil
Pino street, as a compliment to Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas E. Stillman, who are here
on a visit from New York. The others
present were Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D.
Grant, Miss Stillman, Miss Burgin, Miss
Wood, Edward M. Greenway, S. H.
Boardman and Walter Martin.
Frederick Paulding entertained a box
Sarty at the Columoia Theater Wednes
ay evening in honor of J. Dorman Steele
of New York. The guests wore Mrs.
Bteele, Mr. and Mrs. William J. McClos
key, William Lathrop McClure and
Charles Taylor of Philadelphia,
JheyVe Er.gaged
The engagement is announced of Miss
!A WEEK OF TRADE-BRINGING INDUCEMENTS!
Hosiery and Underwear!
... I ■ "-'-■ "»~: ■,--■■'■ ■ '■ ■"
lCCf* 200 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST-BLACK EXTRA HEAVY BICYCLE RIBBED
•Wv HOSE, suitable for rough usage, at 16c a pair.
C%f\f i«> dozen BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY, DOUBLE HEELS AND SOLES. FAST-
Jm\J\mt BLACK RIB COTTON HOSE, worth $3 dozen, will be on sale at 20c a pair.
CyHL/- SOO dozen LADIES' FAST-BLACK COTTON HOSE, In plain and Richelieu
ZOC ribbed; also black boot, with colored top and polka dot, at 25c a pair.
QQI/> 100 dozen LADIES' FANCY HOSE, black boot and colored top, also Roman
OOJC 'stripes, at S3 l-3c a pair.
Rjrir* too dozen LADIES' LISLE HOSE, In plaids, Roman stripes and all the new-
UUC est designs, at 50c a pair.
I
errjr' 200 dozen LADIES' WHITE MERINO VESTS, full fashioned, in hleh neck
O"V and long: sleeves and short sleeves, also drawers to match, worth 75c each,
will be on sale at 50c each. " », i- , . -j
;■ ■ ■ -.j . ■ .■,-■■ ■■■■. . ■■■■■- -.•■•■■. • • — .7 . ■ , -. ■ ■ -.■...._. ... ." : - ■'.-..:■ ....■.■..■..-■■'
¥ A # )' P A. I
Ladies^Corsets !
'yer r » 60 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, In black and drab coutll, long and medium,
tUv latest models, perfect fitting, two side steels, regular price $1, will be
sold for 75c.
4£ | f\(\ 75 dozen LADIES' CORSETS. latest French models, short, medium and extra
*{>■•"" long, French edging and lace trimmed, black, white and drab, good value
for $: 50, will be sold for $1.
I
Men's and Boys Wear!
• .
iT lf\r» 600 dozen MEN'S FANCY MIXED FULL-FINISHED SOCKS, in browns,
Al IvIW states, drabs, ' etc., also solid tans and fast black, worth $2 dozen,
-.;•■',;' \ > will be placed on Bale at 10c a pair.
T »{-„ 46 dozen MEN'S" UNDYED SANITARY WOOL AND HEAVY VICUNA i
Al (OC UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted shrunk, worth fl 25, '
will be placed on sale at 75c each.
IT OK/-» 2^° dozen BOYS' PERCALE AND CHEVIOT WAISTS, made with plaited
Al «Ov backs and fronts and Byron or roll collars, In a large variety of light
and medium colors, also indigo dyes, fast black, etc., worth 50c, will j
be placed on sale at 25c each.
IT CAn 65 dozen BOYS' DUCK SAILOR SUITS, In fancy navy stripes and pongee
Al Ov/w r effects, very handsomely braided and with combination veals, blouse
and pants, 50c.
Ulf Murphy Bulidlng. M
Market asd Jones Streets.
Sophie Rosenberg of 513 Devlsadero ,* treet
to M. Harris of Monterey. They
at home Sunday afternoon, April 17, ana
ac 669 Willow avenue.
Home Qatherirvgs.
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Senprtnckon cele
brated their silver wedfflng ednes
da? evening. April 6, at their residence.
1034 Bryant street.
The house waa tastefully decorated with
evergreens and out flowers. During the
early part of the evening a pleasant Inci
dent occurred which was a surprise to all
assesmbled: The Native Sons' Band, led
by R. D. Burton, serenaded Mr. and Mrs.
Sengstacken.
About 11 o'clock an elegant supper was
served, after which amusements of all
kinds were indulged In until an early
hour.
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs.
H. H. Sengstacken, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Claußsen, Mrs. M. Grotheer. Mrs. S.
Brommer, Mr. and Mrs. M. Joost, Mr. and
Mrs. M. Hencken, Mr. and Mrs. J. Clau
sen, Mr. and Mrs. C. Wreden. Mr. and
Mrs. F. Labhard, A. Brommer, Miss An
nie Brommer, Miss Etta Muller, Henry
Muller, Miss B. Joost. Miss T. Donzel
man, 11. Tienckt-n. Miss Lizzie Sengstack
en, Henry T. Sengstackei", Miss Mary
Otten, Henry Labhard, Henry Wreden,
Miss G. Wreden, Henry and George llas
selbaoh, Nick Flick. Miss Clara arid
Charles Sengstacken.
Arthur Hinton, a popular member of
the Entre Noub and the Winter Cotillon
Clubs, left during the week for Klondike.
Previous to his departure he was the
recipient* of many social attentions. Dur
ing the week a dinner was given In his
honor by Miss Wilson at her residence
on Turk street. A theater party, at
which Mr. Hinton was the honored guest,
was given by Mr. Patlgian Wednesday
evening at the Baldwin, and after the
performance supper was partaken of.
Mr. and Mrs. Dr. Kilborn entertained
the Entre Nous Whist Club on Friday
evening at their residence, corner Pine
and Powell streets. The favors were won
by Jack Spicher and Mrs. Brod, consola
tion prizes being awarded to Dr. and Mrs,
Kilborn. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Evans. Mr. and Mrs.
Latham. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tidball,
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Spicher, Mr. and Mrs.
Dr. Kilborn. Mrs. A. H. Brod, Miss Lucy
Munson, Miss M. Kilborn, Charles Rosen
berg, Frank Bishop, Mr. Brainhall.
Irv the Future.
Mr. and Mr. M. EL de Young have Bent
out Invitations for a piano recital to be
given by Albert I. Elkus. on Wednesday
evening, April 20, at their residence, 19i!t
California street. The following pro
gramme has been prepared for the occa
sion.
Air and variations from Suite In E Handel
(Harmonious Blacksmith.)
Impromptu, Op. 142, No. 3 Schubert
Piano Sketches.. Composed by Albert I. Klkus
Romance, X minor: Funeral March; Ma
zurka. Q sharp minor; Nocturne, D flat-
Ghost Walk; Sailor's Song. Suite—Con
fession. Anger. Evening, Presto, Finale.
Mazurka, B minor, Op. 33. No. 4; VaJ.-<c, <:
sharp minor. Op. C 4. No. 2 Chopin
Consolation, Op. SO. No. 9; Funeral March,
Op. 62, No. 27: Scherzo, E minor, Op. I*.
No. i! Mendelssohn
Harp solo, "Sons Without Words" Dubez
Mips Helen de Young.
Fantasie, C minor Mozart
Second piano accompaniment Grief?
Mrs. Albert Elkus.
Elsa's Dream ("Lohengrin") Wa^ner-Llszt
Arietta, Op. 12, No. 1; Norwegian Bridal
Procession, Op. 19, No. 2; Humon'skp
Op. 6. No. 1 Grieg
Jfghland Springs.
Among i..c guests at Highland Springs
are: W. F. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. L.
M. Bolande and family. Miss J. E. Gra
cler, E. L. Labadie and wife, Miss Juliette
Labadie. J. V. Bretonnel and wife. G. A.
Bretonnel, M. W. Plummer, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas H. Buckingham, Miss Ethel
Towneend, M. E. Rumwell, A. B. Mlner k
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
[w{f Murphy Building-, M
Market and Jones Streets.
! R. C. Minor, Mrs. B. de L'ois, A. P. Bray
i ton Jr., San Francisco; William Palmer,
I A. B. HIU, Petaluma; William T. Welcker,
' Berkeley; 1... F. Vann and wife, San
Francisco; Harry M. L,ewis, Oakland;
i Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Collier, Miss Sarah
! Collier, P. B. Collier, Miss Lulie
: Collier, Fred Standford, San Francisco;
Mr*. Heinkje and children. Woodland;
I Mrs. F. A. Edmunds, Boston; J. D. Steph
| ens. Woodland.
Personals.
After a short stay In Coronndo, Mr. and
Mrs. B. Nathan and daughter have gone
to Los Angeles, where they are stopping
at the Hotel Van Nuys.
Mrs. A. A. Louderback has returned to
her home in this city after an absence
of nine months, during which she visited
her daughter, Mrs. Lord, In Paris.
F. M. Persinger and E. J. Melrose have
left for Chicago.
Mrs. J. Ileilfron ha.s returned from her
European trip and has gone back to her
residence at 583 Fell street. She will re
ceive her friends on the 21st inst.. and
thereafter every third Monday of each
month.
The following Californlans arrived In
Europe on the 15th inst. on the Hamburg-
American liner Auguste-Victoria: Mr.
and Mrs. Robert L. Coleman and party,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Knopfmacher. Master M.
H. Knopfmacher. Miss B. Knopfmacher,
Mrs. Margaret McMahan, Mrs. C. H.
Biripkins and Henry Silvester.
Dr. and Mrs. K. Pischel anticipate
spending a few months at Ross Valley
during the coming summer.
F. W. Dohrmann of San Francisco and
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Michaels of Alameda,
after having visited Naples, were in Rome
when last heard from.
The chairman of the Colonial Dames
and their delegate to the biennial coun
cil in Washington, Mrs. Selden S. Wright,
left for the East last Wednesday accom
panied by Mrs. C. Elwood Brown, the
corresponding secretary and historian
who will later visit In New York and be
present at various May anniversaries and
functions, among them the charter week
celebration by the Holland Dame Society,
of which she Is the only representative
on this coast.
Mrs. Ed H. Coleman of 1635 Oak street
and her sister. Miss Alice M. Reynolds
left for their home. New Haven, Conn,
last week. Mrs. Coleman will be gone
from four to six months, and will visit
different parts of the East before return-
Ing.
Mrs. E. Silverstone, assisted by her
mother. Mrs. S. Simon of Walla Walla,
Washington, will be pleased to receive
her friends Wednesday afternoon, April
20 at 112 Lyon street.
Miss Katheryn Beaton has returned
from a three weeks' visit to Nlcolaus and
Pleasant Grove, in Sutter County.
TO UNITE DEMOCRACY.
Citizens' Democratic Party Pass Re
solutions to Bring About a Re
conciliation of the Party.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Citizens' Democratic party was held In
Pythian Hall on Friday. As soon us the
meeting was called to order by Chairman
James O'Connor the present political situ
ation of the local Democracy was dis
cussed and the best means of uniting the
dismembered party was considered.
Charles McCarthy offered a resolution
asking for the appointment of a commit
tee of three to investigate the condition
of Democracy, looking to a unification of
the party. The resolution was unani
mously adopted.
The committee appointed to carry out
the intent of the resolution consists of
Charles McCarthy. Thomas J. Glynn F
Kaufmann, H. M. Kelly and Henry
Doscher.
An adjournment was taken until the
first Monday in June.
Will Fight for Maguire.
A large gathering of Democrats met
on Friday at Silk's Hall, corner Pre
cita avenue and Mission street, for the
purpose of organizing a club, to be
known as the Maguire Club of the Thir
ty-fifth Assembly District. After nu
merous speeches by the gentlemen
present, 137 members signed a pledge,
promising to support James G. Maguire
for the nomination for Governor and
to help him to be elected. The officers
of the club are: President, Stephen A.
Byrne; recording secretary, William A.
Newsom; corresponding secretary, W.
J. Donlon; treasurer, Sivert Peterson,
TO STIMULATE TRADE TO THE
UTMOST, as well as to INDUCE EVERY
LADY IN THE CITY to Inspect our PEER-
LESS DISPLAY of NEW SPRING STYLES
AND NOVELTIES THI? WEEK, we have
selected the accompanying and a variety of
other popular and fashionable lines and
offer them as SPECIALS at prices that
make them
Values That Will Command Attention !
• 44 4 4 4.444.4 4 4 4 O
♦ +
4- On Monday morning we will place +
4- on sale a special purchase of a lead- +
4- ing New fork manufacturer's stock -f
4- of Sample Capes. Jackets, Suits, 4-
4- Dress Skirts and Children's Jackets, +
4 which we secured at a special dis-
4- count of 25 per cent ■ from - manufac- 4-
4 turer's cost, and in turn offer at cor- 4
4 responding// TREMENDOUS REDUC- 4
141 4 TIONS. '' 4
The purchase includes Ladies' *
i a. Capes in black and colored cloths and
.■ in black lace, silk and chiffon, Ladies' *
Jackets in black clay worsteds and .
broadcloths, and in tan whipcords, .
+ coverts and kerseys Dress Skirts in _.
a serges, silks and broadcloths, tucked,
braided and plain, silk or percaline +
4. lined; Ladies' Suits in serges, -f.
4. coverts and Broadcloths, with fly- +
4. front walking jackets and blouse 4
4. waists, braided and plain effects, 4
4- skirts silk or percaline lined Chi/- 4
4- dren's Jackets in Russians and reef- 4
4- ers — a/1 colors and siies. ■ 4
4- " i =>-''■: 4
♦ 4 4"4 4 4^44-4444 +4«
£^* See Examiner and Chronicle for Bargains from Other Departments.
\J[j Murphy Building 1 . £
Market and Jddbs Streets.
and an executive committee, as follows:
Michael O'Mohoney, John O'Brien,
James Kerns, Myles J. Sullivan, N.
Weinholtz, William Byrnes, William
Brumfield, Jefferson B. Martenet. Will
iam J. Bell, J. J. McDonald, James
Robertson. J. H. McDonald.
THE CANTATA A SUCCESS.
"Golden Hair and the Three Bears"
Meets the Approbation of a
Large Audience.
The cantata on the subje-ct of "Oolrten
Hair and the Three Bears," which was
given at the Stewart T'nitwi Presbyterian
Church on Friday, was an artistic and
financial success, those participating ac
quitting themselves with credit ami re
ceiving the appreciation of the largo au
dience in bursts of applause.
The characters assumed were as fol
lows:
Bard. "William "Walker; Queen. Miss Mabel
Craig; Big Ilniin, Charles Taylor: Mammy
Muff, Muster Oliver Stanley; Tiny Cub. Map
ter Arthur Klll&ore; Golden Hair. Miss Adda
Klllgore; Airy, Miss Ethel Cornwell; WUI-o I
the-Wlsp, Miss Kiia Mitchell; Llghtfoot, Miss
Lottie Davidson; Faithful. Miss Lena Hearn;
Sylvia. Miss Lillle Kaufman; Quickstep, Miss
Alice Lock way; Frailty, Miss Lizzie Hearn.
In the chorus, which is a very effective
part of the cantata, the following-named
masters and misses took part:
The Misses Alice Lockway, Hattle McXah,
Ethel Cornwell, May Smith, Nellie Smith Lot
tip Davidson, Freda Welsheimer, Yn<z Dodd.
Lillian Kaufman. Hilda Chamberlain. Laura
Bennett. Alleen Nesbitt, Mabel Mitchell. Ella
Mitchell, Mabpl Parkin. Helen Munro. Lizzie
Hearn, Lena Hearn. Jennie Smith, Sadie Hurt
May Burt. Etta Williamson. Irene Smith, Re
vlla IJugan, Barbara Morrlce, Gretchen Wels
helmer, Ruth Buchse, Gladys McNab, Ma^jcte
Munro. Laura Boyakln, Masters John Kslick
and Harry Smith.
THE DEPUTIES
ENTITLED TO PAY
The Superior Judges Decide in
Favor of County Clerk
Curry.
An Appeal Will Bo Taken by the
City to the Supreme
Court.
Judges Cook, Belcher and Hebbard sat
in bank on Friday afternoon to hear the
injunction proceedings brought in the
name of the city and county to restrain
Auditor Broderlck from signing the de
mands of thirty-one copyists, fourteen
deputy register clerks and Chief Piper of
County Clerk Curry's office. The suit
was brought by City and County Attor
ney Creswell by authorization of the
Supervisors, on the complaint of Mayor
Phelan that these employes were draw
ing salaries without warrant of law.
The proceedings were dismissed a week
ago, with leave to the plaintiff to amend
the pleadings. The hearing yesterday
was on a demurrer interposed by the
Auditor to the amended pleadings.
After a discussir-i of thu law points In
volved the three Judges sustained the de
murrer and dissolved the temporary in
junction.
The representatives of the city and
county asked that another temporary In
junction be granted pending an appeal to
the Supreme Court. That motion was
denied, and notice of appeal was at once
given.
Auditor Broderick stated after the pro
ceedings that he would not sign the de
mands in dispute until after reasonable
time had been given the city and county
to perfect an appeal.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs: w»
give .credit, m. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 & 7.
In the Missouri exhibit at the Omaha
exhibition ti.ere is to be a pair of turkeys
weighing eighty-two pounds. The owner
says that this weight beats the record of
the United States or Canada. The gob
bler weighs nfty pounds and the hen
thirty-two. They were raised near Co
lumbia, Mo.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
NEW RIBBONS !
Ijvr 2000 P' eces ALL-SILK COLORED
Wv MOIRE RIBBONS; 3^ inches wide;
in assorted colors; 15c yard.
Oflc 100 ° P leces ALL-SILK COLORED
■*vf.^> MOIRE RIBBON; 4 inches wide; In
assorted colors; will be offered at 20c
yard.
STf. No. 7 ALL-SILK COLORED SATIN
t»W AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON ; as-
fnrted colors; will be offered at 5c
yard.
OJf» No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED
O3V/ SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIB-
BON; assorted colors; will be offered
at 8 l-3c yard.
O^r ALL-SILK FANCY PLAID RIBBON:
■***-**' t-leeantly assorted: 4 inches wide;
will be offered at 25c.
QCJf 800 pieces FANCY BAYADERE RlB-
uuv RONS; elegantly assorted; 3ft inches
wide; will be offered at 35c.
NEWIBELTS!
JUST RECEIVED— A large consignment of
BELTS in METAL, JEWEL, LEATHER
SILK and FANCY BELTS; from 25c to *6!
NEWDRESSpMMINGS!
Our assortment of TRIMMINGS is now com-
plete and comprise all the latest novelties
in Jewel. Jet, Spangles, Silks and Mohair
Trimmings.
1/ \f Murphy Building:, M
Mariet and Jones Streets.
NEW PASTIMES
For the
SOCIAL SEASON
AFTER Easter Sunday society
will begin to unfold its wings
ready to take flight into the
country. There will be just one
big affrr during April— the
bachelors" ball at the Palace Hotel.
With the coming of the first May
blossoms the fashionable world and hte
wife will hie themselves to green fields
and rural delights. Drawn blinds and
storm doors will proclaim the family
out of town.
The time remaining before the ex
odus begins will be divided between
the dressmakers, the milliners and
shopping. For the summer outing is
always more or less a dress-up affair.
Last year riding, boating and golf
crowded out all other amusements.
The hops at the big hotels Were dismal
failures. Moonlight drives and strolls
were preferred to tripping the light
fantastic.
A social forecast reveals some new
phenomena on this summer's horizon.
A light breeze of anglo-maniacism is
predicted. It is awaited with pleasure,
for it is not thy malignant sort, but, to
the contrary, promises to be a refresh
ing innovation.
The big hotels and fashionable sum
mer resorts are going to be given the
cold shoulder. Following the example
of our English cousins across the pond,
the proper thing will be to spend the
summer either at your own "place"
or to be an invited guest at somebody
else's "place." It will be one round of
house parties. And the danger of mon
otony is entirely eliminated by the
fact that the summer homes are close
enough together to make it possible to
combine in the jaunts and festivities.
Then, too, the limit of a guest's visit
will be from one to three weeks, so that
there will always be new arrivals to
liven things a bit.
There is no doubt that this is infin
itely more enjoyable than hotel life
with its innumerable cliques, the sacred
inner circle, the cynosure of those on
the outer edges.
All these disagreeable drawbacks are
responsible for the adoption of the
English way of "doing things." A fine
place, a good cook, spirited horses and
a hospitable host — these are drawing
cards that cannot fail to attract. The
much-sought-jifter guest will be the
one who can help the host entertain
and suggest ways and means of ban
ishing dull care. With the country
homes in such close proximity there
will be a spirit of rivalry in getting up
affairs that will assure an element of
originality.
Society has put on its thinking cap
and many are th.* novel ideas stowed
away that will cause a flutter when
they are brought to the light of fulfill
ment. There is always riding, swim
ming, boating, wheeling and golf to
while away the hours with, but the
place that would establish for itself the
title of peer of entertainers will have
to offer its guests something new and
decidedly out of the ordinary. That
is the delightful part of t'if> innovation.
One particularly brilliant suggestion
is a cake-walk cotillon. It would be
impossible to give one in town, but In
the country, where cast-iron restraint
is thrown to the winds, it is bound to
be trie "hit" of the season. At first
thought it is hard to understand Just
how a cake walk could be introduced
in a cotillon. But it is not difficult to
arrange. The first figure is a "follow
your leader" affair. The couples form
a line and follow the leaders only in
point of direction, each couple intro
ducing individual steps and poses. The
grotesque features ' the real cake
lowels! Napkins!
THIS WEEK WE SHALL HAVE A SPECIAL
jSALE IN OUR TOWEL DEPARTMENT. We
always made a specialty of Linen Goods, and
owing to our facilities for purchasing from first
hands and in large quantities we have been
enabled to retain the lead in these goods.
This week's offerings will eclipse all our
former sales for values in desirable lines,
' r- ■ ■ -
HUCK TOWELS— Pure linen, fancy Broche borders, colored borders, a very <JT| Q{\
fine article, size I£x37 inches, at... O'»Ow
; •■.-£' i Dozen
FINE GERMAN DAMASK TOWELS— Pure linen, knotted fringes, size 19x38 <£O *7 C\
Inches, at ; • - «J>^» C \J
Dozen
CLOSELY WOVEN HUCK, IRISH LINEN TOWELS— Fancy borders, size. IS <J?| FZf\
x 34 inches, fully bleached, at :... tp 1 •*J\J
Dozen
EXTRA GRADE BLEACHED HUCK Hemstitched by hand, size (j*Q PSfk
20x40 Inches, special at (pOiOU
-. . ; ;s.; s . Dozen
I FINE GRADE HUCK TOWELS— make, size 19x3S inches, fancy borders, <J* | C A
fringed ends, at... tJ)I«Ov"
Dozen
! BLEACHED DAMASK NAPKINS— Fine close weave, both selvedges woven <£ f f\f\
fast, size ISxlB inches, very special «J>l»vFvr
Dozen
GERMAN LINEN NAPKINS— bleached, dinner size, 20x20 inches fi>l QCt
■ . ■ • ■ ■" Dozen
; FINE IRISH LINEN NAPKINS— Weached,. size 20x20 Inches, at Gri "7^
:.. : fDI« c O
: .;".;', Dozen
FYTDA VAIIiP About 50 dozen SUPERIOR SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS. <£Q f\{\
LAI TALUC odd lines, that were $4 00 to |4 50 dozen, size -25x25 inches, «I>O« \P\J
to be closed out at Dozen
Lace Department !
; 300 dozen LADIES' EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS— Hemstitched and «r>
scalloped borders, value 15c, on sale at lv/W
. , .V. . Each
50 pieces BLACK HEAVY MESH VEILING— assorted styles, on (-A_
I sale at OUv
Yard
i 100 pieces BUTTER. ORIENTAL AND APPLIQUE LACE — Assorted pat- Ori/-»
terns, 5-inch, on sale at........ '. J*\J\m>
■ ' - Yard
100 dozen WASH VEILS — Assorted patterns, on sale at QA- TO C? 1
lw[f Murphy Building, J
Market ait Jones Streets.
walk are of course left out.
Big hats, fans, scarfs and parasols
for the girls and high collars, stove
pipes and canes for the men are ne
cessary paraphernalia.
Guests who do not wish to partici-,
pate form the audience and give the
required inspiration to the performers.
Any of the figures ■ the usual co
tillon can be worked up for the first
part of the cake-walk cotillon.
A half an hour is enough for this
and then the real fun begins. Each
couple is given three minutes alone on
the floor and the modified gyrations of
the "real" cake walk are gone through.
It is safer to have practiced before
hand, but there are those who are
equal to it under the inspiration of the
moment. The little accessories sug
gest postures that are either pretty or
funny, sometimes both. Each couple
endeavors to do something new and if
they have'given it the slightest consid
eration are sure to be greeted with
shouts of laue-hter.
For as a cake-walk cotillon It is by
the amount of mirth produced that the
success of the figure is gauged. After
all have had their turn a short general
figure is executed. With the right sort
of people participating the amount of
fun to be had out of a cake-walk cotil
lon exceeds calculation. And unlik~
any other dance, the audience enjoys it
just as much as the dancers. Once
they get into the spirit of the thing
the couples will not mind doing their
individual "turns," and even if they
do not relish their own there is the
pleasure of enjoying the attitudes of
the next couple. Every bit of the usual
formality Is swept away, and if the
tide of amusement occasioned does not
reach the high water mark, then mirth
is really dead.
A Chinese dinner is another contem
plated novelty. The idea was probably
started by the craze for all things Ori
ental that has taken rooot since the
production of the "First Born." No
expense Is going to be spared in carry
ing out the novel idea to the minutest
detail. The cining room will be decor
ated In a style befitting a mandarin A
frieze of the curious little heads dis
played in the shops in Chinatown will
run all around the room.
Fans, gongs, scr.eens and innumera
ble articles picked up in Chinatown
will help convert the room into Oriental
wonderland. The table itself will be a
work of art and ingenuity. A roll of
the gorgeous red rice paper has been
imported from China and will be con
verted into the table cloth. From the
center of the table will rise an im
mense umbrella, depending from which
will be lanterns of various shapes and
colors, and the soft light shed by the
candles bringing out the vivid color ef
fects. The name cards are on rice pa
per, the name painted both in English
and Chinese, and thrust through one
corner is a miniature chopstick with
the tiny knob of real ivory.
The chef who prepares the menu will
have the viands as Chinese as is pos
sible, at the same time making them
palatable to the Caucasian palate.
The maids who wait at the table will
be got up in the correct Chinese style
shoes, flowing gown, stiffened hair ana
The finishing touch to It all is to be
the music. Just enough real Chinese
discord will be rendered, however, to
make the guests appreciate something
less characteristic, but more tuneful
The dinner will probably be followed
by a travesty on the Chinese play or
something of a similar nature. It wil
certainly be unique enough to cause the
oldest diner out to marvel.
Out-of-doors entertainments will be
very popular. At one garden party
which has been planned the hostess wil
{/if Murphy Building-. J
Martet anfl Jones Streets.
have a stage erected under the trees
and talent hired for the occasion from
the theaters in the city will v.mu.e the
guests. The refreshments will* be
served at little t -a-tete tables placed
within hearing distance of the stage.
An entertainment of this sort could be
given in the eveniner just as well as in
the afternoon and would be even more
effective.
The male members of the family will
probably not need much coaxing to be
induced to attend a "vaudeville tea."
Altogether this season bids fair to
far outshine its sister seasons of former
years.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. 'y:',
•♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦•
> mat lam [fflKf^i -^
♦ B v '-'£^"' r wk'^^' "^aiw Iff I 4
+ *f£, in ■■■■■■■■111 II B| ♦
| "*■ Is most appreciated by those not thus ■♦■•
•♦• blessed. Ever>" woman who is really de- x.
. sirouß of retainine the freshness and ~
"▼ appearance of .youth— who would banish 4
sallowness, roughness of skin and all _,
facial blemishes— should come to me and "^
4 learn the secret of beautiful white skin. +
*six free Treatments :
"T Will be friven. I will remodel and reno- **"
■>■ vate your face; correct every defect and +
. . . make It youthful, healthy and beautiful •
4 LOLA MONTEZ CREME ll h n "SS t
.4. and tissue builder, a skin restorative »
and preserver of beauty, of known 4
> 4 DAY HAIR RESTORER ye \ u \ t
4 a natural restorer, guaranteed to restore 4
.a. the coloring pigroent to its original con-
dition, thus reproducing - the natural 4
-♦• color of the hair. a
♦ SUPERFLUOUS HAIR Sve nn d en ♦
4 the only means ever discovered— the -A-
.a. Electric Needle, as operated by MRS
HARRISON. " 4-
"*"TDI*I PftT Ladles out of town send- 4-
.+ InIAL. lUI ing this ad., with 10c in .
stampa. will receive a book of instruc- "*"
4 tions and a box of LiOla Montez Creme -*•
+ and Face Powder. FREE.
~~^^~" — "▼"
■♦•Visit My Paplops and See 4-
4 What May Be Done +
4 . Fop You. . ,■'+'.'
| MRS. NETTIE" HARRISON,
-♦- DERMATOLOGIST, ♦
4 40=42 Geary St., San Francisco 1
• ♦44 ♦> ♦> ♦>♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ g
way's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Bore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns. Back-
ache, Headache. Toothache. Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia. Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbua Sickness, Nausea, etc. All drajr-LATEST THING
IN FOOTWEAR
THE latest thing
in the. way .of
footwear is the
- orthopedic boot.
» Accustomed as any
lady la to me pointed
toed shoe -made on a
curved last, the new
. boot Appears at first
ungainly. But tue
docton declare that
once used to : them
they will prove not
■only a thing of Joy
but beauty forever.
For once Dame
Fashion is not re
sponsible for a new
style. The physl
cians are the spon
sors of this new
i hoe. Tta< cases of
"flat foot" have be
come so numerous
that they say either
the orthopedic boot
must be adopted or
we will be b flat
footed race.
"Flat foot" Is Just
what the name in
dicates. The bones
which form the arch
of the instep sink
from their proper
position, producing
a strain that is ex
tretnely painful, and.
what is worse, trans
forming the shapely
foot iritoan ungainly
member that might
belong to a Held dar-
Ky of the South.
This Kinking of the
bones is produced
because theshoesaro
made on lasts curved on both sldM
whereas th<- line of the foot Is straight
on the Inside. This unnatural curve forces
the great toe out of position.
The grent toe is of more value in walk-
Ing than all the other toea put together
and when it 13 forced into an unnatural
position It is impossible for it to perform
its full duty.
Cases of "llat foot" wore ifbt so numer
ous when the square toe was the vogue
for, although the shoes. were made on a
curved last, the strain on the big toe was
not so great. When the pointed toe be
\camo the rage doctors predicted direful
consequences, and their prophecies have
been n \liz<-d. .
The "orthopedic boots," which arc mad»
> by hygienic bootmakers, follow the natu
ral outline of the foot; that is, the boots
follow a straight line on the, inside and
a curved one on the outside.
In one of the largest hospitals in New
York City thero is a stringent rule de
manding that all nurses employed wear
MODEL OF A SHOE
THAT IS GUARAN
TEED TO PREVENT
■FLAT-FOOT." PHY
SICIANS IN EASTERN
HOSPITALS ARE BE
GINNING TO ORDER
THE NURSES TO
WEAR THEM. THE
HOSPITAL AUTHORI
TIES HERE ARE DIS
CUSSING THE MAT
TER.
shoes of this description. The muscles of
the feet are given full play, the great toe
Is allowed to properly fulfill its duties,
and thereby a decided Increase in freedom
and elasticity is gained.
There is a movement on foot to estab
lish the same rule In the Children's Hos
pital in this city. All the; physicians of
that hospital wear the new boots, and are
constantly inducing their patients to fol
low their examples.
One of the leading physicians, when
asked about the new boot, said: "If we
can get people to wear them perhaps in
another generation feet will have re
sumed their natural snape. The distor
tions produced by shoes made on the
fashionable last arc not only hideous but
absolutely incompatible with light, easy
walking and a graceful carriage. There
would be less of that tired feeling' If
properly cat shoes were worn. There Is
a post in the shoe that must bo worn un
til the big toe resumes its natural posi
tion. The post is so placed in the shoe
as to force the great toe to make a
straight line with the foot, and Is placed
between the great tou and the second
one."
The doctors say that we must choose
between properly cut shoes and "llat
foot."
Which shall it be?
PRINCES WHO ARE MONKS.
In the wildest and most desolate part
of the Black Forest is to be found the
most aristocratic monastery in the world.
Almost every monk who has here sought
shelter from the world is of noble or
princely rank, and many are the bearers
of historic names who have done their
part In molding history.
One of the mo-Jt devout and humble of
all its Inmates is Prince Philip of Hohen
lohe at one time one of the chief orna
ments of European courts; and Prince
Edward Schonburg-Hartenstein fulfills
some of the lowliest duties of the mon-
Father John- Is the Baron yon Drais,
who shone so brilliantly for a time at
the court of Baden; afld Father Sebastian
ron yon Ocr, one of the most dash
ing soldiers in the Saxon army. Among
other nobles who nave deserted the
sword for the cowl aw Count de Memp
tlrine and Baron yon Salls-Soglio.
•\ll the menial work of the monastery is
done by these titled monks, who are con
tent to exchange their brilliant spheres
for a life of solitude and the most rigid j
discipline. _
Henry de Windt, the famous globe.- 1
trotter, says: "I have roughed it for the ;
past fifteen years in Siberia, Borneo, and '
In Chinese Tartary, but I can safely de- I
scribe my climb over the Chilkoot Pass !
as the severest physical experience of mv j
life."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
Pretty Parisian Designs.
Special to The Call from Paris.
THE illustrations represent nearly
all the styles in dress, including
OQtdoor and evening costume, ball
and house dresses, mantles and
garments for morning and even-
ing, cape and cycling costume.
Here is a criticism on them:
If the form of the marone crape dress
is simple, it is stylish and becoming, but
the trimmings are less so. The bits of taf
fetas in marone and white are not pleas-
Ing in effect. I should have preferred a
trimming of taffetas on the cross, a light
passementerie or even a marone guipure
following the movement of the corsage
and of the upper skirt, and also as a
trimming for the skirt.
The shape of the black cloth jacket is
graceful in form, but the collar, which is
very high, swells the appearance at *he
neck. The trimming behind is more be
coming than that in front, and I would
rather not have had the square yoke of
white taffetas.
The mastic cloth cape with four flounces
is quite in the new shap~ which 1 do not
consider graceful, and which should never
be mad* except in light and soft mute
rials. The collar is unbecoming, which Is
the case with all collars as at present
worn.
The cycling costume is exactly what it
should be— plain, practical and in very
good taste.
The Indoor dress of striped mousseline
de soie is too much of the sacque Bhape,
but the appearance, which is exaggerated
in the sketch. Is minimized by the trans
parent nature of the material. Neverthe
less, it is too much like a chemise, and I
would rather see a waistband round the
iigure.
The white spangled tulle dress is pret
tily composed, and by removing the
gulmpe it can be converted into a de
collete dress with long sleeves. The only
thing I dislike is the rosette on the left
side of the corsage. It appears to me
heavy and useless. I would prefer a
small bunch of pink roses. In a tall
woman the arrangement of the skirt does
very well, but for a short figure 1 would
advise the suppression of the frill of
mousseline de soie around the bottom.
There is no particular feature about the
cut of the green velvet mantle. The
richness of the Japanese embroidery alone
and the harmony of the colors constitute
its beauty. The sleeves, cut in at the
wrists, appear to me rather heavy. I
would have liked them better fuller and
longer over the hands.
The gown by Honnet, 9 Rue de la Paix,
is an outdoor dress in marone crepon. In
the China crape style, with a double
skirt The underskirt is rounded at the
bottom. Hat in front at the top, and very
tight fitting at the sides. The fullness is
thrown behind, and the godets, which be
gin half way down, are behind only.
This skirt is quite plain at the bottom,
and opens in the center of the apron all
the way down, showing a narrow band of
striped and shot ecru marone and white
taffetas the stripes of which run cross
wise This trimming is very narrow at
the waist and widens gradually. The
upper skirt Is set In without fullness at
the waist and widens gradually down to
the bottom. It runs about half way
down each side in front, where it is
rounded, and is prolonged behind to about
forty centimeters from the bottom, giving
the appearance of a tail when seen from
behind. It is ornamented on each side in
front with eight oblong pieces of striped
taffetas like that on the underskirt, one
above another.
The eorsiigo is a blouse of the same
material gathered at the waist, and with
two pleats on each side, which are lost
beneath the waistband. It opens down
the center over a front of striped and
shot taffetas in two bands which appear
to form one with the trimming of the
apron. The front is trimmed on each
side with the same material. The neck
trimming is of orange taffetas covered
with heavy guipure and is very wide: the
collarette Is of guipure. The waistband
is of plain marone taffetas fastened on
the left side with a bow of the same.
The sleeves are made with small puffs
at the shoulders, but are tight fitting all
down the arm. On the outer side are
three small squares of striped taffetas.
The wrists are trimmed with guipure.
The hat which completes this costume is
Of yellowish marone velvet: it Is a toque,
trimmed with a drapery of chiffon, high
est on the left side; a white feather en
circles the crown and there is an aigrette
set in a ntrass buckle. On the brim in
front there is a barrette of strass.
At Red fern' a I have seea an indoor
dress of white mousseline de sole striped
with dead silk. or. wnich arc printed
green and mauve chrysanthemums. This
tight and transparent material is loose
over an independent dress 01 white taf
fetas. The ciress is rather long and mad.>
in ono piece from top to bottom, and
slightly gathered over a ■>-oke of spotted
tulle embroidered with violets in Tom
Thumb ribbon. Round tue yoke is a
Greek pattern embroidered in narrow
gathered ribbon.
The skirt Is perfectly straight all down
and Is edged round the bottom with two
rows of embroidery worked in narrow
ribbon. A waistband of mauve taffetas
can, if desired, be tied round the figure,
either over the moussellne de sole, which
would convert the garment into n stylish
Bortie, or over the taffetas dress, which is
very effective, us the moussellne de Bole
dnss falls like a full smock, showing the
taffetas dress confined at the waist. The
neck trimming is of white spotted tulle,
embroidered with bouquets of vloiets,
and the collarette is <■{■ lace, running
round tiie back and sides only, leaving the
neck finite free in front.
The sleeves form small draperies at the
shoulders, over which are epaulets <>f
white moussellne de soie embroider* d
with Greek designs like those round the
yoke, immediately beneath the drapery
Is a circlet of embroidery on each arm.
The Bleeves are quite tight from the
elbow to the waist, very long and em
broidered with Greek designs to the
wrists. •
1 also saw a pattern of an evening
mantle in green velvet plush. This gar
ment is made with a yoke, from which
the body falls straight down in front and
at the sides, forming pleats, which widen
gradually all the way. The yoke is
trimmed with braid in undulating ding
onal lines, forming chevrons in front. The
front is ornamented down each sid: j with
broad garlands in Japanese embroidery,
the designs being composed of chrysan
themums and lotus with foliage in their
natural colors. The sides and back are
quite plain.
The mantle is gathered round the. yoke
and is very full, so as to leave plenty of
room for evening dress. The collar is ex
tremely high behind, lower at the sides
and completely sloped away In front. It
is embroidered like the yoke and edged
with a narrow, fluffy ruche of black
mousseline de soie. The sleeves are In
shape like those of children's blouses,
gathered at the inset and full all down.
At Giles", 17 Avenue de I'Opera, I have
seen a dress of large meshed Paris tulle
over a skirt of white poult d soie. The
skirt has a broad apron embroidered with
Sowers in white silk and bright black
spangles, and between the flowers largo
spots of chenille at irregular distances.
The apron is cut into scallops round the
bottom and detached from a flounce of
plain tulle, frilled. The right side and
back breadths of the skirt resemble the
ground of the apron; the left side is com
posed of plain tulle finely pleated. The
skirt is fiat at the top in front and gath
ered behind and at the side. It is rounded
at the bouom ad rather long.
The corsage is a blouse, cut low and
square and gathered at the wast. The
decollete is edged with black velvet,
which is continued into braces both be
fore and behind, and is edged with a
niche 01 white tulle spotted with black
chenille. The body of the corsage matches
the apron. At me fall of the left shoul
der is a large rosette of white tulle. The
neck trimming is a broad piece of black
velvet ribbon simply draped: the waist
band of the samo ribbon, not very wide,
fastened behind with a small straight
bow.
FASHIONS FOR
SMALL PURSES
THE really healthy looking worn:. 1,
man, office or store is so much the
exception that one cannot but won
der if the tired, fagged-out condi
tion may not be due to lack of care
of the oodily health, and particularly to
stiff corsets and heavy skirts hanging
from the waist.
If a woman stands or sits ir-~erly she
will not require, as so many tell me they
do, the support which a corset gives.
A girdle with straps over the shoulders,
ending about ti.ree inches above the
waist, relieves all pressure, which cer
tainly contracts and weakens the vital
organs. Tapes buttoned to the skirts keep
them from slipping down and remove the
weight from t^e waist to the shouiaers.
Try one. and see how cramyed a corset
makes you by the feeling of ease, and
how quickly that dragged-out weariness
will disappear, and you need not look
shapeless, either.*
To keep the skirts and separate waists
together, a contrivance has made its ap
pearance on the coast. Consisting of a
flexible metal belt, about an inch wide,
and hooks sewed to the skirt, it is a puz
zle how, but it does keep that difficulty
well in order, and is perfectly comfort
able.
Leather belts will be worn, but a pret
tier, newer design is two yards of satin
ribbon, four inches wide, to match the
skirt or harmonize With the tie. Pin one
end securely in front and pass the other
twice around the waist, tucking the other
under; hold it in place with a fancy pin.
Hats are literally loaded witn flowers,
some of the smaller ones being made en
tirely of smaller flowers nnd leaves for
the 'crown and brim. Roses wired Into
aigrettes form high trimming on one side.
Purple and white violets use . together
will be very popular, as will also very
natural Scotch heather, tiny forget-me
nots, roses, cornflowers and poppies.
Some of the hats set so far down on the
head as to give the effect at first of being
too big for the wearer, worn down to
shade the face and turned up in the back
over a mass of »iowers. Others, how
ever, are worn back over the face; the old
fashioned poke bonnet so becoming to our
grandmothers is among these.
Ties, too, so becoming to some faces, are
to be worn again in big bows at the
throat Bows separate from the bonnet
are very popular, indeed the bigger the
bow the better.
It is distinctly a "one-color season;
that is, the gown and hat and gloves
match instead of harmonize as has been
the fashion so long. Beware, however, of
the chiffon and tulle tucks and folds and
ties which are so soft and becoming. One
good California fog will reduce them to
a thing to be replaced. Although it is so
pretty, chiffon is a thing to be avoided
by an economical woman, for it so quickly
puts on the "soiled dove" air.
In trimming, baby velvet and satin rib
bon are used on every material, in rows
and clusters in different but harmonizing
colors, or all in one color. After a day of
work abroad the great comfort of home
is a wrapper, and its saving in wear on
the street dress will soon make it pay
for itself.
Challie makes a most serviceable and
pretty house dress at a cost of
$2 with perhaps another dollar for lace
and ribbon. A -lainty, pretty gown was
made from challie at six cents a yard,
eight yards being used. Cut with a seam
down the back, the front opened from the
left shoulder to the bottom. The entire
(j reps was lined with five-cent cambric
and bound around the neck, which had no
other collar, and down the front with
white wash silk, a crush belt of the white
ending in a rosette at the under aim
seam belted in the back, leaving the
front' loose, being held in place by tapes
sewed on the inside and tied in front.
Challie Is warm and light in weight and
washes well, coming in beautiful patterns
from fifteen cents to seventy-five cents,
i or dressing sacqiues, too, it is much pret
tier and quite as serviceable as the flan
nelette, which is clumsy and loses its
beauty at the first wash.
ORGAN MUSIC AND BACH.
Organ music reached its climax with
Bach; it may, perhaps, be said that all
music did. At any rate, one thing is cer
tain—viz., if there has been any progress
in music since tne day of Bach it has
been due to him. Bach's music is poly
phonic; and polyphony is true music. To
Its foundation upon this school is due the
fact that there has been no decadence In
music in Germany. ♦ • • There has
been no advance in polyphony since the
days of Bach. Such advance as nas been
made has been in originality and boldness
of modulation.
For pure organ music, Bach still is and
probably will always remain the greatest
of all composers. Even with all the mod
ern mechanical appliances that have been
attached to the organ, his works are still
very difficult— perhaps the most difficult
of organ compositions. He must have
been as great an organist as he was a
composer. That he should have been
able to play upon the organ of his day
works so exacting in technique as his
own is simply marvelous.
It is one of the phenomena of musical
history that, while orchestral operatic
and other branches oi music were in their
infancy in Bach's day, and have devel
oped since then. Bach brought organ
music t^ Us climax.
SACRIFICED LIFE
For a
LILY WHITE PAGE
SOCIETY women who use the dead- J
lv arsenic wafer for th com
plexlon are increa; ng in numbers, j
According to a prominent phy
sician of this city.
Thougr a: ;enic is known to be harm
ful, "madame of society" forgets this in
her earnest search for something to
take the place >£ the legendary Foun
tain of Youth. When the first tiny
crow's feet begin to appear she is sud
denly reminded to take stock of her
charms. L.ate hours, rich food and want i
of proper exercise have done their :
work.
The muddy complexion must be
driven away, but not at the sacrifice of
social dissipations which sum up her
happiness. Somebody in her set sug
gests arsenic.
"But it's poison?"
"Oh, no. Don't take too much of it.
It is large doses you should guard
against."
A few weeks pass before the effects
of the slow poison are visible. The
clouded skin has gradually given place
to whiteness.
No unpleasant symptoms result for a
long time, and the consumer of arsenic
waters is thrown off her guard. When
the evils do cmc she does not for a
moment attribute them to the proper
source.
The first effects of the arsenic wafers
is to gradually destroy the small blood
vessels in the skin; therefore unnatural
whiteness, which a delicate rouge is
called in to relieve. Long continuation
of the use of arsenic brings many ills
in its train. The digestive organs be
come sadly out of order; loss of appe
tite follows, and madame finds her body
is wasting. She sits before her dress
ing-table and gazes sadly at her white,
attenuated countenance, with its fast
increasing defects. Late hours and
imprudent eating all get the blame.
Her physician is not informed of th>
arsenic wafers and other prescribed
drugs therefore increase the disturbed
state of the system. Convulsions, loss
of sleep, headaches, rapid heart action,
delirium and other terrible symptoms
are the result often of a continuation
of the habit.
Worse calamity of all, madame's lily
white skin, like the flower it resembles,
is not lasting in its fairness. If she is
wise enough to guess the cause of her
illness and confesses it to her medical
adviser, she may be relieved. But she
will by that time have destroyed her
appearance to such an extent that she
will never regain what she has lost.
SINCE MAN TURNED COOK-
"Who knows," the new woman cries to
day,
"But 1 was somewhat hasty
When- I forswore the married state?
Some men can turn out tasty
And tempting dishes when they try;
And matrimony's looking
Less prisonlike. I must confess,
. Since men have turned to cooking.
"Should we for single blessednesa,
Beloved sisters, thus band
Against the solid comfort and /•'-.••
Convenience of a husband - •
Who'd -minister to each with cup»
Of timely tea? Nay! Frates,
Come bake and broil for us and watcV
Our lares and penates!
"When from the pulpit or the bar.
Or busy mart or bucket
Shop, weary woman comes at night,
What most uncommon luck it
Would seem to find a man around
Who'd keep the kettle boiling,
And incidentally could keep
Her temper, too, from spoiling!
"Oh, man's improving, there's no doubt.
And soon he'll put a stitch In
Decadent stockings now and then,
As well as mind the kitchen!
To-day I'm more than half inclined
Toward Love, wno's gayly crooking
His finger, beck'ning me to turn
To man, who turns to cooking!"
—Boston Glob* *
"I thought you said you were going
to show me a rare and valuable dog!"
exclaimed the uninitiated man.
"I am going to, sir," replied the
dealer, apologetically, as he gave a
poodle to an employe. "We haven't
had time to shave him and leave
bunches of hair here and there." —
Washington Star.
"So you are going away, Mrs. Rush
er?"
"Yes; we are going to move to Ken
tucky for a few weeks until my hus
band gets to be called 'colonel,' and
then we shall go to Washington to
live."— Chicago Record.
The average speed of a carrier pigeon
in calm weather is 1210 yards a minute.
With a strong wind in the direction of
flight some pigeons have covered 1960
yards a minute.
2728
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS.
Some may claim that the old subject of j
the aim of education has been worn
threadbare, and yet It is astonishing what
ever-changing view? on pedagogy and the
ideas on the new education are coming to
the fore in the school world: how fre
quently even now the topic crops up ior
discussion. , . I
In order to ascertain the general trend
Of thought on this subject and also in re- !
gard to school discipline in San Fran- j
cisco, the following questions were-sent
out to a number of our representative
educators, with the annexed results:
1. What is the ultimate aim of educa- ;
tion? . ....
2. What are the objects of school dis- I
cipline? , m■ . ■ i
Miss Jean Parker, principal of the \
Broadway Grammar School, replies as
follows:
1. [appiness; good citizenship.
2. Obedience, Bince perfect freedom can !
come only through obedience to the law.
A. E. Kellogg, president San Francisco
Teachers' Club:
1. Taking education in its broadest
! should >ay that its ultimate end is
grow in the individual a sufficient mo
tive, an efficient will, and the fullest in- :
sight to realize himself in and through
the community of his fellows as It ad- )
vances toward an infinite ideal. School j
education works toward this end by ;
bringing the pupil to assimilate certain j
selected materials of human expei fence.
2. In answering the second question I ;
take "discipline" to mean the whoie op
eratlon of school government an 1 routine.
The end of school discipline is, then, to i
bring the pupil to an intelligent apprecia
tion of the relation of the individual m
ttid community, and to s< ;ure in him a j
willing and habitual co-opeiatior. toward I
the general good.
• • •
A. L. Mann, principal Denman School:
1. I should suy that the ultimate aim
of education is the training of th» body, |
mind and soul of the pupil so that he
may be prepared to discharge perfectly I
every duty, private or public, that shall i
be incumbent upon him.
The school alone cannot accomplish al: ,
this. The home and society have each an
Important share In the work; but the !
school should keep this ultimate aim
in view, and so direct its efforts that tl.c
desired end may be attained as nearly is ,
]>"ssible.
2. The obiects of school discipline are j
determined by the work of the school.
That work cannot be efficiently carried
on unless many excellent qualities of '
moral character are well developed. |
Pupils must be obedient, respectful.
St, punctual, diligent, faithful, con- |
siii. rate of the rights of others, self
sacriticing and able and willing to work I
in harmony with others for a common
purpose. A little reflection will convince j
any one that the ordinary exercises of the j
classroom cannot be conducted with the ;
best results unless the moral traits above
named are deeply engraved upon the [
pupils' minds. Thus the discipline of the ;
school even more than the intellectual j
training given therein contributes to the |
attainment of the ultimate aim of educa- !
tion.
Madison Babcock writes:
1. The ultimate aim of education de
- upon the point of view from which
you approach the Question. From the
standpoint of the State it should be to
make an all-around, high-minded, patri
otic citizen. From the standpoint of the
individual the ultimate aim of education
is to make him of most worth to himself
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Next Wednesday evening Silver Star
Chapter of Vallejo will give an entertain
ment in Masonic Hall in aid of the Ma
pomV Home. A feature of the evening
will be the presentation of the degree of
the Knights of Olympia.
Last Monday r.ight the district meeting
of Beu]ah Chapter was held, on which
islon there was a visit from Mrs.
Dell C. Savage, the district deputy. The
hall was very tastefully decorated with
f!"WPrs, and there were present a great
number of visitors, including the grand
patron. H. D. Rowe. Grand Secretary
Mrs. Willats and Grand Esther Mrs.
Patterson, as well as many members of
loi al chapters. The business meeting was
followed by a collation, and the evening
was pleasantly spent.
The members of Carita Chapter had
a double event last week on the same
night, namely, the sixth anniversary of
the institution of the chapter and the
district meeting, including the visit of
District Deputy Mrs. Dell C. Savage.
There wore present the most worthy
grand matron. Mrs. M. E. Partridge.
Grand Patron 11. D. Rowe. Mrs. Blanch
ard of District No. 11. Miss Susie M.
Willats. matron (if Golden Gate Chapter;
Mrs. Nellie A. Brown, matron of Beulah
chapter, the matrons of Oak Leaf.
Unity, Oakland and San Leandro chap
md a large number of visitors. The
comfortable hall in which the meeting
look place was very tastefully decorated
and ■■! very enjoyable time was had. In
the evening there was a grand banquet.
ORDER OF THE AMARANTH.
At the mooting of Crescent Court in
the Red Men's building last Wednesday
nieht the royal matron presented to the
court a specimen of her Jjandiwork in
the shape of a white silk banner with
bullion fringe. On the face of the ban
ner she had placed in oil colors the sev
eral emblems of the order, which are
symbolical, and when grouped together
in the artistic manner they are on this
ullk. produce a fine effect. The gift was
received on behalf of the court by the
royal patron, George W. Drew, who
made a very 'miirf-ssive response and
then placed the banner in the keeping of
Henry M. Owens, the- honored herald.
The banner was very much admired by
all, and was specially commented upon
favorably by visitors from Mistletoe
Court of Minneapolis. These visitors also
f-xprr-ssed themselves as very favorably
impressed with the manner in which the
officers of the court performed their
work. This court ' has br-en placed in
charge of the Sloan booth that will be
one of the features of thi- Masonic Fair.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
The Odd Fellows and the Rebekaha are
busy at this time preparing for the ob
i=r-rvance of the seventy-ninth anniver
sary of the foundation of the order.
The Veterans' Association paid a fra
ternaJ visit to Presidio Lodge last Thurs
day evening and met with a cordial re
ception, such as is always extended to
the patriarchs of the. order.
Last Tuesday night Unity Encampment
was visit od by the members of Golden
Rule Encampment, and it is almost need
leSfl to say that all had a most enjoyable
time, particularly at the banquet * that
followed the business meeting. There
were a number of toasts and responses.
The entertainment that was given last
Friday night by California Rebekah
Lodge in Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows'
building, was attended by a large number
of pleasure loving people. The pro
framme included vocal solos by Mrs.
go ami Mrs. E. Baker, recitations by
Miss Madeline Kuck and Dorothy Blum,
fancy dance bylLeonie Bresler and negro
specialties by Ed Jewell. Under the di
rection of Miss S. Harris as floor mana
ger there was a programme of ten
dances.
Templar lotlsro will initiate two candi
dates or Wednesday night, and it is ex
pei ted that there will be a large attend
ance to witness the work. A collation
will be served after the work.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
. L. M. Manzer, having declined the of
fice of Deputy Grand Master Workman
tendered him by Grand Master Bahrs,
Edwin Danforth of Spartan Lodge, who
during the past year was grand . orator,
has been tendered and has accepted the
ofilce.
The new grand master has declared that
the work of propagation will be vigorous
ly prosecuted during his administration,
and that he will do all In his power to
increase the membership of \ the several
lodges and of the order In the Jurisdiction
of California. He has reappointed the
majority of the special deputies . who
Berved under Grand Master Vlnter. • and
they have been assigned to various sec
tions of the State to continue in the work
In which they were engaged.
. The appointment. of district deputies
■will not be announced "until "those who
have been recommended have had time to
'respond, to letters at in<iulnr .sent th£S}
In his chosen life-work. Of course in a ,
way each of these Includes the other.
2. Correct school discipline leads to |
correct habits and all-around self-control. •
In a broad sense every proper school ex- I
erclse Is discipline.
• • •
Waiter X. Bush, principal of the Poly- j
technic High School:
1. There are so many types of educa- i
tion growing out of the needs of Individ- |
uals in our complex society, each type i
having its distinguishing characteristics. '
that it is far easier to say what the ulti
mate aim of education is not than to say
what it is. There is a type for the hew.r
of wood and another for the man whose
wood is hewn for him. The special train-
Ing necessary for the first would be worth
less to the second. When the *-riter was
a boy a good hand and a general knowl- .
edge of figures were sufileient require
ments for office work in any of the largi
factories in the East. To-day boys in the \
same relative position, drawing the same ;
pay, are required to have a broader
knowledge of affairs and special training
in stenography, English and typewriting.
The manufacture ajid Introduction of ma- j
chinery of Intricate and delicate construc
tion has made education in the elemen- I
tary principles of mechanics; heat, light j
and electricity, Indispensable even to the
Journeyman.
While these types are changing to meet
the changing conditions of our civiliza
tion the common aim of tb,em all is to
give man power to battle successfully
with the conditions about him. This power
may carry with It culture and social im
portance or it may not, Its quality de
pending upon the breadth of the type he
has followed, the selection of which is
determined by the power of the will, ca- j
pacity for self-denial, by ambition, by i
the degree of freedom from pressing j
want, and, most important of all per- !
haps, by his inherited tendencies, which !
break down all obstacles and drive htm '
Into broad fields of study and research. !
An education of this type should aim I
to secure not only mental power and
growth, but the ability to discern clearly
the source and significance of moral law
and its application to man in regulating
his conduct toward his fellows. In other
words, the ultimate aim of the highest
education is not only to make a man fit :
to encounter severe conditions of com- '
petitive living, but to assist him in his
approach to the fundamental truths of !
the natural and spiritual world.
2. School discipline changes the char
acter as the school changes its grade
from the primary to the grammar, from
the grammar to the high.
At the tender age of the child, when .
the mental faculty is limited to the work '
of the memory and its perceptions, un
questioning regard for authority is help
ful and necessary to it. As the child
grows older, and its power of comparison
gradually enables it to understand and
appreciate character, the arbitrary dis
cipline of the lower grade becomes less '■
essential to its development. Its respect
for the teacher grows out of the latter's
healthy mental and moral attitude
toward the child.
A teacher of negative character, of
weak or odd personality, no matter what
support lies behind and outside him, no
matter how profound his knowledge of
his subject, may mar but cannot fashion
the life of his pupil.
School discipline for students attending
our High Schools should be incidental to
the work of the school. It should serve to
assist the pupil to a better mental devel
opment, but not be emphasized as essen
tial to successful school work. The word
"discipline" is too strong. If a school
as to their inclination and willingness to
devote time to the duties required of
them.
As soon as delivered at the office of the
grand recorder the proceedings of the last
held grand lodge session will be sent each
lodge and representative.
Last Saturday night Golden West
Lodge gave its fourth annual entertain
ment and ball, and the attendance was
large. The programme was an entertain
ing one and the dancing was enjoyable.
The entertainment that was to have
been given by Franklin Lodge on the Bth
inst. will be given in Laurel Hall. Shiels
building, on the 6th of May.
Past Grand Master William Henry
Barnes will address a public reunion of
lodges of Hanford and Visalia on the sth
of May.
Crocker Lodge will give its April en
tertainment and social in Masonic Social
Hall on Monday, the 25th inst.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
At the meeting prior to the session of
the grand lodge Miss A. Littlefield on be
half of Ivy Lodge presented to Past Chief
of Honor, Mrs. Emma Sturrock. a beau
tiful pin, emblematic and of her rank in
the ordre. In recognition of her services
and Interest in adding to the membership.
Last Wednesday evening the members of
this lodge gave vent to their exuberance
over the fact that the grand chief of
honor had been selected from the mem
bership of the lodge as also had the grand
recorder, by giving three cheers for Mrs.
E. F. Mayo, the new head of the. ordor.
and for Mrs. Kate M. Poland, the grand
recorder. And then they gave three time?
three for the drill team of Ivy, that in its
low costumes, exemplified the work be
fore the grand body. On the first Wednes
day in May the lodge will tender a recep
tion to the grand chief of honor, thegrand
recorder and to the grand .'reorder and
the grand medical examiner of the A. O.
The reception that was tendered by the
members of Silver Spray Lodge to the
delegates to the Grand Lodge was a de
lightful affair at which the true prin
ciples of fraternity were exemplified.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
S. B. Doane. secretary of the Pacific
Council, died March 11, and on the 7th
inst. the widow was paid the amount
of the benefit certificate. $3000. This pay
ment, twenty-seven days after death, was
the promptest ever made on a California
claim, and the first of the nine benefits
the widow is entitled to that was paid.
Last Tuesday night Golden Gate Coun
cil had a good attendance to witness the
initiation of two candidates in the ampli
fied form. The work was performed in
an impressive manner by the officers
During the evening Financial Secretary
Theodore Frollch read some Interesting
figures as to the amount of money that
has passed through his hands since 1892
when he took the office. Received for
the general fund. $6498 50; for the bene
ficiary fund, $23,737 40. making a total of
$30,235 90. Of this amount paid on ac
count of beneficiary, there has been re
paid to beneficiaries of members $21 000
which is within ?2.i73 40 of the sum paid
into the beneficiary fund. This council
has been moving along at a healthy pace
in the past two years, and its growth
under the present president, N. R. Arter
has been remarkable.
El Dorado Council, at its meeting last
Friday night, had a number of candidates
initiated for It by the officers of the Cabi
net under the direction of President Has
tings, the work being done in a very
effective manner. After the work there
was a banquet to the members of the
Cabinet, visitors anu members of the
council.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Last Wednesday evening San Francisco
Chapter of the American Guild had a
very interesting meeting in Balboa Hall,
N. S. G. W. building. The chapter initi
ated two candidates and received five ap
plications, after which the routine busi
ness was disposed of and the doors were
opened to a number of invited guests,
who were entertained for an hour by se
lections on the graphophone presented
by Charles F. Wagner. After that there
was a dance for an hour. At the next
meeting, on the 27th, the chapter will
have another pleasant entertainment for
the benefit of members and their friends
R. W. McGarvie, deputy supreme gov
ernor, visited the chapter In Watsonville
last week and secured four members for
!t! t- ■.k£ st ,r F ,r lclay he vlßl ted the chapter
in Mill Valley, which Is quietly adding
to Its membership.
A new chapter is being organized in the
interior, and will be ready for institution
shortly.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The social that was given last Tuesday
night in Mission Parlor Hail by Precita
Parlor was a great success, there being
present a large number of the members
and their friends, who enjoyed the ex
cellent programme of dancea arranged
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SITXBAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
is well managed, discipline as an import
ant factor disappears. School manage
ment, in which discipline is a detail, is
the problem with which every principal
has to contend.
ELLWOOD P. CUBBERLY.
E'.lwood P. Cubberly. at present City
Superintendent of Schools in San Diego.
but who will assume an important pro
fessorship in the department of education
at Stanford next year, was born in Indi
ana in IS6S. Mr. Cubberly received his
early education in Andrews, his native
town, and In ISS6 he entered the Univer
sity of Indiana as freshman. Two years
later he loft the university, taught a
>vhile, returned and then graduated in
Soon after graduation Mr. Cubberly
was elected to the chair of physical
science in Vincennes University, Indiana,
which boasts of having William Henry
Harrison as h'rst president of its Board
Of Trustees. In 1893 Mr. Cubberly was
chosen president of the same university
New life and spirit began to be mani
fested in the institution. The whole in
stitution was modernized.
In 1596 Mr. Cubberly resigned the presi
dency of Vincennes to become superin
tendent of the San Diego schools. He has
given San Diego a most excellent course
of study which is regarded as a distinct
advance in education.
PROGRESS IN ALAMEDA.
The parents' and teachers" meetings
conducted by Principal Hughes of vie
t.ncinal School, have been productive of
much good to the district. A lively in
terest In educational matters is notice
able. A desire to have the broadest and
most advanced instruction in the gram
mar schools has led many of tae parents
to study the foremost Eastern systems
in order to discover wherein their own is
deficient, and more than all, the close
co-operation of teachers and parents Is
advantageous to both in the highest de
gree.
Several weeks ago, as previously re
ported, the introduction of sewing into
the Eneinal School was discussed at a
meeting, and a committee was appoint
ed to investigate ne system, especially
in the San Francisco schools. So enthu
siastic was the report that at the next
meeting the parents present authorized
the same committee to go before the
Board of Education and request leave
for the experiment to be tried in the
school, all necessary expense beint* borne
by the parents directly interested Per
mission has since been granted, and the
ladies of the committee, together with
Principal Hughes and City Superintend
ent Sullivan, will meet Immediately in
order to arrange the present course of
study, so that it will include sewing in
all the grades.
This is a good start for Alameda in the
right direction. The Alameda Teachers'
Club, which was recently organized, now
numbers 110 names on its roll, which list
includes both active and associate mem
bers. Its present course of lectures is as
follows: "A Walk in Florence." by Pro
fessor E. H. Griggs: "Our Nation's Cap
itol (Illustrated), by Mr. Irwin- a lec
ture on Spain, by Professor Bernard
Moses.
Last week C. C. Hughes read a very in
teresting as well as instructive paper on
"Manual Training in the Elementary
Schools." His points were well taken
and were received with great attention
because he has been the first to introduce
the subject seriously in Alameda. Later
other representatives of manual training
Mr. Kenyon. Mr. Doyle. Mr. Neilson and
others, spoke in favor of the movement.
by the committee of arrangements, con
sisting of C. H. Buck, D. J. Wren. F. E.
Schober, C. J. Ward and H. S. Spauld
lng. W. Christ, who was the floor man
ager, led the grand march, In company
with Miss Rose McGovem.
Athens Parlor of Oakland will give its
first ball on Friday, the 22d, in Reed's
Hall. Benjamin F. Woolner.W. E. Dean,
C. H. Green. P. H. Grindley and W. E.
Farno, the committee of arrangements,
will use their best endeavors to make
this a success.
Jules S. Godeau celebrated his reinitia
tion into the order of Native Sons by
tendering a banquet to the members o*f
Alcalde Parlor last Wednesday night at
the St. Germain. A fine dinner was dis
posed of and then followed a number of
toasts that were responded to by the
host. Joe Hawkins. G. C. Alferitz. E. S.
Thomas. S. Mullen, V. Kehrlein. J. Des
mond. A. Rahwyler. H. F. Morton, R. H.
Hession. O. H. Furgesan. W. D. Wiloox.
B. H. Andrews. L. E. Derre. 1.. J. Hur
ley, L. R. VarnJ and G. B. Barber. Al
caldes "bald-headed eagle." J. J. Grief,
acted as toast master, and whf>n he was
stuck for an expression he was assisted
by D. G. Antonovich. A very pleasant
evening was spent.
Next Wednesday evening California
Camp of the Argonauts will give an ex
emplification of the Argonaut degree be
fore the members of California Parlor.
There are about twenty candidates who
are anxious to have the authority to
wear the badge of the Argonauts.
OUR NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Golden State Parlor at its last held
meeting was visited by District Deputy
Mrs. Genevieve Baker. This usually
active parlor has been for some time
past, as the genial recording secretary
says, "taking a rest."
Alta Parlor last Monday night Rave a
historical entertainment and dance in
Native Sons' Hall. There was a good at
tendance, that was entertained by the
presentation of a number of tableaux, a
fancy dance and vocal selections.
The farmers' social by Buena Vista
Parlor will be given in Nauve Sons' Hall
Mrs. Conrad, grand president, was in
this city last week. She is arranging to
visit the parlors in Mendoclno County
and the one at Crescent City prior to the
meeting of the Grand Parlor.
Mrs. Gunzendorfor of Sans Souei Par
lor is preparing a new ritual to submit to
the Grand Parlor.
Miss Mo. lie Johnson of California Parlor
of Sacramento, one of the past grand
presidents of the order, is preparing a
memorial service for presentation to the
Grand Parlor at it» next session.
Nominations for delegates to the Grand
Parlor are to be made at the last stated
meeting of each parlor this month, and
the elections will be on the first meeting
nitrht in May.
Piedmont Parlor's "poverty party,"
given in aid of a fund to purchase a flag
for the parlor, was a successful affair,
and the members who are alive to the
fact that they should have a flag as well
as other parlors, and by displaying it at
meetings prove their patriotism and love
of "Old Glory." have decided to give other
parties in order to raise a fund that will
enable them to purchase a fine flag. This
parlor has had an increase in member
ship and it has a promise of a number of
new members in the near future.
LOYAL CIRCLE. C. OF F.
The open meeting that was given last
Monday night by Loyal Circle, Com
j panions of the Forest, was well attended
by members and by friends who were in
vited. Under the direction of Mrs. Flor
ence N. Morrow, the very energetic su
preme grand secretary of the order, there
was presented a very enjoyable pro
grammp, in which there was Included an
overture by Mr. Warren and Mrs. Hock
ing: recitation by Miss Hattie Moulton
vocal duet by Messrs. Ely and Reed'
recitation by Miss Dottle Baxter; fancy
dance by Miss Georgie Smith; mandolin
solo by G. S. Gray; reoitatlon by a little
tot of 5, Lillian Dolliver, whose power of
memorizing was astonishing and whose
delivery and gestures were excellent Miss
Ada J. Wheaton favored with selections
on the cornet, which won for her loud and
well-deserved applause. A friend of the
circle told several anecdotes, and then
Miss Tryphfna Pritchard, the child mar
vel, gave a recitation, ana was recalled
twice. This little one is one of the mo<*t
extraordinary and charming elocutionists
of her age that ever appeared in this
city. Then followed a fancy dance by
Miss Hattie Wright and a vocal solo by
Miss Droyett. Dancing closed the even
ing's entertainment.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday evening the members of
the Mazzlni circle had a reunion and
banquet, at which were present, besides
the entire membership. Supreme Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. Sarah Beverson
and Supreme Grand Sub-Chief Mrs
Phelps.
The Past Chiefs' Association gave a
social last Thursday in the Foresters'
building at which there was a good at
tendance and a good programme of
dances was enjoyed. Upon this associa
tion will devolve the pleasant duty of
Mr. Kenyon said that while manual train
ing is in such vog\:- in the East, being. In
fact, statutory in Massachusetts, it has
only been established in eight of our own
cities.
EDUCATIONAL GLEANINGS.
The common sense of the great public
should come to the rescue of the schools
and demand that school officers give to
their selected executive the absolute
power to select and manage his assist
ants.—The Northwestern Monthly.
It Is a sad comment on educational af
fairs in this country that almost any one
is considered qualified to pive directions
to teachers, providing he has been able
to hoist himself by means of political ma
chinery into some' position of power.— The
Teachers' Institute.
• • •
It has been growing unpopular of late
to hold that children must be compelled
to behave properly, both at home and at
school, when they dn not willingly be
have as they ought. Probably this is due
E. P. CUBBERLY, NOW OF STANFORD.
Mr. Cubberly has been the City Superintendent of Schools at San Diego. He was
recently appointed assistant professor in the department of education at Stanford
University.
entertaining the delegates to the Supreme
Grand Circle.
Last Saturday night Washington Circle
gave an Interesting entertainment in For
rst?r l ? building, including many musical
and literary numbers. One of the most at
tractive was the cornet solo by Miss Ada
J. \\ heaton, whose performance on that
Instrument has recently attracted con
siderable attention ar.d much favorable
comment.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Washington, on the sth day of
May, will have sixteen candidates to in
itiate. The ceremony will be followed by
a banquet.
Junior Court Pride of California at its
meeting last Wednesday night had a very
large attendance, showing that the
younger members of the order take a
greater Interest in the affairs of their
court than do the members of a number
of the senior courts. The court made ar
rangements for an entertainment and
social to be given in the near future.
Frank Power?, chief ranger. John P.
Lynch, junior past chief of. and a team
from the membership of Court Bonita
visited Court Farallones at Ocean View,
and there initiated candidates for the sit
ting court. It was the first initiation
there under the new ritual, and it at
tracted the entire membership of the
court. A banquet followed the business
of the evening.
The bon bon party to he given by Court
Bonita in honor of its eighth anniversary
will be in Mannerbund Hall, on the 30th
inst.
Court Sutro Heights had a good attend
ance at its meeting last Thursday night,
and after the routine- business had a
pleasant ov.ning. during which an Inter
esting programme was presented.
COMPANIONS OF FOREST, F. O. A.
Last Thursday night San Francisco
Circle had a meeting in Mannerbund
Hall., on which occasion the officers gave
an exemplification of the work of initia
tion. Among the visitors was one of the
committee that has the supervision of
the team that will exemplify the work
before the delegates to the Grand Circle.
The comments on the work by that mem
ber of thf committee were flauering to
the officers, who showed a proficiency in
the floor work and the memorized work
that is not met with in every circle. This
circle has three candidates for initiation.
Intpr Nos Circle on last Wednesday
was visited by the team that is to exem
plify the work before the Grand Circle
and it gave an . exemplification of the
work in a manner that prognosticates
success before the grand body.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Past Grand Protector Miss E. T. Par
ker of Snnora was in this city last week
and will remain here until after the close
of the Grand Lod«"».
Yerba Buena Lodge will give a spring
hall in V. M. I. Hall next Wednesday
night, and from the well known energy
of the members of this lodge it is proba
ble that it will be one of the most en
joyable affairs that it has ever given.
All delegates to the Grand Lodge and
visiting members of the order win he en
tertainer! in the hall of Aurora Lodge
421 Post street, to-morrow night.
On the evening of the 7th inst. a num
ber of the friends of Mrs. Annie Thom
son paid her a surprise visit at her re«i
dence. 2rtß Golden Gate avenue, and a
very pleasa.nt visit was spent. There
were present Mrs. H. liearn, Mrs c'
Harris. Mrs. I. Smith, Mrs. F. Crossy
(Baby Oressy). Mrs. R. Fraser. Mrs.
gun Mrs. M. Pfuhl. Mrs. L. Rapo. Mrs.
f. Williams. Mrs. L. Wheelock Mrs M
Lunton, Mrs B. Lee, Mrs. E. Kinsman.
Mrs A Lambert, Mrs. Quilfton and Mrs.
L. B. Holeomb.
THE DRUIDS.
Last week the relief board levied a
per capita tax on the local proves to re
plenish the fund of the committee.
Last week Aurora Grove conferred
the third degree on four candidates, and
made arrangements for a picnic to be
given in June. The same evening Per
severance Grove also worked in the third
Thp advisory board on last Wednesday
transacted considerable business of im
portance to the members of the. order
Verde Grove had a class of eleven can
didates at its meeting in Healdshurg last
week, Mendocino Grove at Fort Bragg
reports a gain of several members and
fieasanton Grove reports a gain of two
members.
Alpinl Grove gained sixty members last
month.
Galileo and Alpini groves win hold a
joint picnic at San Jose May 29.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Since last December there have been
organized and instituted new courts of
the order in this jurisdiction by supreme
organizers at San Die.RO. San Pedro
Berkeley, San Juan, Sulsun. Stockton
Benicia. St. Helena, Livermore, Nevada
<_lty and Alameda. The ones at Stock
ton and Alameda are the second courts
in those cities. Each was organized with
a good charter list. New courts are in
process of organization at Madera, Oak
land, Cloverdale and Grass Valley.
A. H. Bollon. chief ranger of Court
Yerba Buena. has tendered his resigna
tion as presiding officer of that court and
it has been accepted. A new chief ranger
to a swing of the pendulum from the \
harsher ways of our fathers.— Public
School Journal.
• • •
The moral character of the individual !
finds an expression in society and in the
State, and he is just as responsible to the
State for his civic conduct a« he is to his
Creatot for his religious duties.— School j
Education.
• • •
No one who examines the reading in our |
school can fall to be struck, not so much
with the absence of expressive power as
with the absence of mental grasp. There
la no better way to develop a thinking
person than by careful training in read- \
ing.
Most readers, like good-natured cows,
Keep browsing and forever browse.
If a faJr flcwer come their way
They take it, too, nor ask. ' What, pray?"
Like other fodder, it is food.
And for the stomach quite as good.
—Educational Review.
A writer in Vanity Fair of London has
will be elected at the next meeting of the
court.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
There was an audience that packed St.
George's Hall, on Mason street, on the
occasion of the open meeting of Pickwick
Lodge. As at the open meetings of this
lodge there is always a good programme
of entertainment, there is always a large
attendance. Among those who contribut
ed to the entertainment for the evening
were J. H. Coates, W. T. Sobey, H. R.
Carles, T. Longworthy. Joseph Meyer
cough. A. R. Prior, W. C. Parsons. Hugh
Williamson. T. Nowlan and Messrs. Cal
ender, Edminster, Heed and Jones, wtio
favored with songs. T. Longworth. T.
Musgrave and F. D. Brandon gave reci
tations, and there were duets by Messrs.
Longworth and Jones and by Messrs. Cal
ender and Jones. During the evening re
freshments were served to guests and
members.
ORDER OF PEN'DO.
During the past three months this or
der has instituted ten councils which are
located in this State, Washington, Mon
tana and Florida.
C. D. Fowler, deputy for Washington,
will soon organize a ne* council in Cen
tralis. Wash., where one was organized
in March last.
Pomona Council initiated fourteen can
didates at one meeting in April.
Bannock Council of Idaho doubled it*
membership during the last term.
Golden Gate Council of this city, which
has been holding interesting meetings,
will have a number of candidates to ini
tiate at its next meeting.
Two new councils are being organized
in Los Angeles.
The Supreme Council has since last Jan
uary paid sick and pension claims aggre
gating to more than $2000.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Tancred Lodge was visited on the 9th
inst. by Grand Dictator Archibald and
other grand officers, who were welcomed
by a large ai tendance. A candidate was
initiated, and the visitors and District
Deputy McPherson addressed the meet
ing.
Last Monday night Yerba Buena Lodge
initiated two members and admitted two
by card from Tennessee. There will be
five initiations at the meeting to-mor
row. A large delegation from Liberty
Lodge was present. Arthur Logan was
installed as trustee, vice John R. Sund
berg. deceased.
As a result of the recent smoker given
by Anchor Lodge there will be four in
itiations to-morrow night. There was
one last Monday.
The smoker given last Wednesday
night by Eureka Lodge was attended by
a large crowd, and after a good pro
gramme had hern preesnted there were
a number of applications.
Scott Elder of Ta.ncred Lodge has been
appointed grand trustee, vice T. H. Mac
donald, who has taken up his residence
in the Hawaiian Islands.
Last Thursday the grand dictator left
for a two weeks' tour of visitations in
Fresno, La Grande, Modesto and other
points in San Joaquin Valley,
YOUNG MEN'S
At a meeting to be held on the ISth
the council that on last Sunday was or
ganized in Redwood City will be insti
tuted.
The lecture bureau will meet next Sun
day to arrange a number of lectures for
the future.
The Rev. James McDonald will lecture
before Phil Sheridan Council in Metro
politan Hall on the evening of the 22d
inst. The subject is "The Church and
Literature."
Council No. 470 will give a social in Na
tive Sons' Hal! on the 27th inst, and
Council No. 50S will give a dance on
May 4.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
As the anniversary of the order and the
meeting of the Supreme Council ap
proach increased activity is noted in
the councils of this State and a number of
additions are reported from the southern
part of the jurisdiction. There are also
reports of additions to the membership
of the. councils of the bay counties.
Golden West Council has appointed a
committee tr> make arrangements for
another of its pleasant reunions, to be
given in Alcazar Social Hall on next Fri
ay evening. There will be an interesting
programme and a dance. After the 2d or
May this council will change its meeting
nights to tho first and third Mondays and
will give a social on every fifth Monday
OJ the month when such a Monday is on
An Effort is being made to institute a
new council in the Mission District dur
ing the early part of next month.
Last Wednesday night M. Stone D.S.R..
and T. G. Hodgkins. secretary of Golden
West Council, paid a visit to Peralta
Council of Oakland and found it in a
prosperous condition. This council has in
its membership many of the prominent
professional and business men of Oak
land and the interest they take in the
council is marked by the large attend
ance. There are many OaJtlanders who
belong to councils in this city, and an
effort is being made to have them take
cards and deposit them with the ouneil
across the bay.
discovered "another honest American.
His name is Jordan, and he is. I under
stand, what is known as an official ex- |
pert. He has just been giving his opinion j
on the decrease of seals in the Bering i
Sea. "It is due." he says, 'solely to E:i,j- ;
land and tsie United States. The latter'— '
mark this, and digest it, please. American
editors, If |you can— 'has never come into
any conference with clean hands. We
have allowed our pirates to destroy the
seal herds of ourselves and of our neigh
bors.' " And then the Vanity Fair repre
sentative adds, "I should like to shake
hands with Mr. Jordan."— Western Jour- j
na.i of Education.
• • •
The presence of trained specialists in
high schools would help to do away with
Incomplete, brief, sketchy courses. When
teachers have three or four subjects to
cover, they can do little 'more than ex
pound the textbook, and do not feel the
limitation of so doing, but when they are
full of their one subject they are con
stantly demanding and filling a large
place for it in the school curriculum.
The specialist who Is teaching one sub
ject in the high school is apt to know the
tacts of that subject more thoroughly
than the man who is teaching three. He
will also have at the same time more
leisure for recreation, reading and the
general interests of the school.— School
Review.
* *
Never give a child occasion to think
that you see no good in him.
Never #aye a quarrel with your school
board umess you are prepared to resign. —
Chicago Journal of Education.
ABOUT THE SCHOOLS.
It Is reported that Monterey County has
two new school districts, which have been
named Stgsbee and Maine.
•- • . • •
Uast week Miss Gertrude Van Slyke
gave a very • enjoyable entertainment to
the class of, 1900 of the Grass Valley High
School. ■'.■'. .
• •'  • .- • • - :■■■:..•;'-;'"'-■■" ■
Superintendent- G. E. Thurmon of Santa
Barbara started last Monday on an offi
cial visit to the schools of the northern
part of his county.
-.,•■ <.■ •■*■-•■ ■.- .- .;
"Truckee ' School * District . Is now out of
debt, the JIO,OOO bonds issued a few years
ago to build the new schoolhouse having
been redeemed.
a«w.~- . ; .••■,•• • ••;
On April 14 Professor Moses of the Uni
versity of California lectured on "Life
and Art in Japan" to a large audience in
the assembly hall of tbe Grammar School
at ' Visalia.
• • •
At the B-street school in San Diego the
subject for the parents' meeting on April
11 was "Our Boys; Their Needs, Interests,
Amusements, Etc."
■•■.. • . • •
The School Trustees at Fullerton. Or
ange County, have recently adopted plans
for a handsome new high school building.
• • •
The Dramatic Club of the Visalia High
School will present "Josiah's Courtships" j
some time this month.
• •'.:;•
Examinations for graduation from the
grammar schools of Santa Clara County
will take place on three Saturdays, May
28, June 4 and June 11. at San Jose, Los
Gatos, Mountain View and Gilroy.
• • •
Last week Miss' Julia Xnurmond of the |
Carpenteria School and Miss Grace Frank- i
lin of the Sevena School. .'Santa Barbara
County, gave a picnic, in which all the j
other school . districts were invited to I
join. . .
The graduating class of the Stockton
High - School will hold no commencement
exercises this year.- -
• • ' • .
At the last meeting of the State Board
of Trustees of the San Diego. Normal the
matter of electing a president for the
WHIST
RIDEOUT TROPHY CONTEST.
DEAL 47.
Trist Vorth and South.
Pan Francisco East and Wp?t.
The winning trick is underscored. The 7 of
cluM trumps. West to lead.
TABLE NO. L
TRICK.
N.
I
E.
w.
One •
Two i
Three
Four
Five
Six '
Seven ,
Eißht ;
Nine !
Ten ,
Eleven \
Twelve
Thirteen |
O 4 2JL
7 O Ji_O
C? J O 2
•■■"* 3 +
ii 5 +
■TT?j 6 +
OK 0 6
— 5" o 4 °
« 3 -±&
♦ 4 ♦5«
♦ 7 ♦■10-
♦ 8 *Ji_
O 3 • i
2 0;
♦ 6
2 ♦
4 +|
7 +
♦ 9
3 0
9 +
"<7l>
♦ j
9 0
J 0
iO 8
5 O
\O 9
8 +
10 +
J +
O 10
10 0>
■ o «
6 O
North and South 6.
East and West 7.
OVERPLAY.
San Francisco North and South.
Trlst East and West.
TABLE NO. 2.
TRICK.
N. [• E.
s. I w.
1
One
Two ,
Three :
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
! I
,0 4 O A ••
? j oT
c"T o 5
«0 X 0
0 7 00~
7 0 A <">
♦8 ♦ 2
♦ 3 * 10
0+; 3+!
♦~ ♦ X
♦ 7 40
"*•* " 6 +
a 4- 6 +
O3V 8 -
♦6 9 9
♦ 9 0 10
2 0; .6 O
4- *O Q
JO 6 0
riM
9 + 10 +
Z±+ Q
u_o ; io o
yOi 8 +
3o J +
Score: San Francisco North and South, 9.
Trlst East and West. 4.
South at table No. 1 lost three tricks by
finessing his partner's 8 of diamonds at trick
nine. The ai:o of diamonds marked In East's
hand there was hardly and reason for such a
play. This Is a practical example of how easy
mntches are won and lost. It will pay every
student it the game to spread out the cards
In this deal, play and overplay them. Then ex
amine the play and overplay for comparison.
MR. WORK'S ADVICE TO WHIST PLAYERS,
"Mr. Work, what would you advise our play
ers to do to improve their team work?"
Answer— To my mind the best method of im
proving team worn is for a team after it has
been selected, to as frequently as possible
practice together. That is, the four men sit
down at a table and play a hand, retaining the
cards in front of them as in duplicate play,
and then as soon as the hand is played re-play
It with the cards all face up exactly as played
originally, but whenever a play occurs the
wisdom of which is doubted by any one of the
four, or in regard to which any one of the
four desires anything said, the replay is stop
ped and the situation and the correct play i
at that time thoroughly discussed. This sys- >
tern of practice has many advantages. It en
fcblea each member of the team to realize how !
the minds of the other three act under certain
situations, and what they are apt to do. It >
brings up points on which there may be any
possible difference of opinion, and if thoroughly
carried out. results almost invariably in the
four men in the end playing a very similar ,
game. I do not believe that there is any other
method of practice that approaches it, or that
a team preparing for an important contest
can do too much of it for its own benefit.
Or course before starting this sort of practice
a system should, be agreed upon which is sat
isfactory to all, but it is not of so great Im
portance what the system may be as that the
members composing the team thoroughly un
derstand It. are satisfied with It. and unite
in the effort to produce the best results from
the use of it. '_
STOP IT! OR HANG OUT THE YELLOW
FLAG.
■ Tbe Evening Post of New York should be
congratulated by ' every ' one who has the best
Interest of whist at heart on the hlKh and
noble : stand It has recently taken In suggest
ing a separation of the chaff from the wheat
In whist circles. ■ The article referred to ap
peared in the Post Wednesday, March 9. It
has "already commenced .to bear good fruit In
an. entirely \ different direction . from • the one
really; intended. ;. The subject was "Profession
als vb. Non-profeeelonals." : .
We regret to say that on« of the prominent
whist clubs in ' one of the large cities 'of > the
East has one i or : two . members ■ who seem
to take special delight in telling their
friends how - much ,-- money. they made
out of - whist last week. or -last
month. These men are now squirming
under the lash administered by the Evening
Post. - The article was evidently not written
with, the thought of hitting " this particular
class, but when any individual member or any
particularly .any- organization that • is a
member " In * good i standing * of •. the ' American
Whist Leaguew-ifa«s iUajioble. game or whist
school was laid over for the present
thoug-h the board decided that another »
meeting must be called within six
months, as the scuool will be opened next
January. The presidents of th> normal
schools'. Mrs. Wilson and Mr. Black, were
appointed a committee to make arrange
ments for securing to school teachers the
benefit of normal training during th«fl|
vacation.
• • *
Dr. E. H. Williams, president of the
Baldwin Locomotive Works, Philadelphia,
recently presented to the Sloyd School at
Santa Barbara several blocks of wood, in
which were mortices of various sizes, cut
with a bit which bores square holes. The
boys were so interested to see the instru
ment that Dr. Williams sent for one from
Philadelphia.
QUALIFICATIONS OF TEACHERS.
President J. H. Todd of the Oakland
Board of Education, in summarizing the
work of the city school department for
the past year, reported that the most
important feature before the board wan
the advance in standard of educational
qualifications required for teachers.
Continuing, he said: "But, in my mind.
that is not so important in selecting a
teacher for a school as that element
which develops the character. It is very
difficult to find just the individual to im
part or develop in the mind and heart
what we call character. That is much
more important than simple instruction
in the several branches of study, and Is
the most difficult to secure."
In these sentiments President Todd has
indicated the tendency of a movement
which is rapidly gaining momentum in
educational circles, and which promises
broader and deeper and higher and in
finitely better things for the children of
our public schools. That education
means merely an Improvement of the
earning capacity has been too much the
dominant idea of those who control
school affairs, and the unsatisfactory re
sults of this have set men to thinking.
After all, are not culture and character
the essential factors in enlarging the ca
pacity for human effort in the direction
of all truly useful as well as worthy and
lofty aims? This movement indicates a
reaction from the painfully practical to
the higher ideal in education.
It means that the child who has been
rightly taught will understand that the
true value of an education is not to en
able him to wear better clothes and :«■
dwell in a finer house and to work 1> ssjß
and at easier tasks than his fellows, lo*
teach a child those things which will en
able him to become financially helpful
and self-sustaining is worthy of the best
efforts of the teacher, but the narrowing
down of an education to these mertly
practical ends, without proper ideals of
conduct and without motives which make
possible a higher material and spirtual
life, is fraught with gravest dangers 10
the individual, to the State and to hu-
manlty.
Well-equipped buildings, carefully ai
ranged courses of study and systems of
grading are desirable indeed, but they are
only secondary, while in the fitness, the
fidelity, the efficiency, and, above all. the
wholesome personal influence of the
teacher, is the vital element In the train
ing of the pupils of our public schools.
It is a gratifying indication of the rec
ognition of the value of tti" culture quali
fication in teachers when boards of edu
cation give expression to the thoughts
quoted from President Todd. With the
closer discrimination in the selection of
teachers which such opinions imply there
will surely come more satisfactory and
sympathetic relations between all the
people and our publlo educational sys
tem.
It is well to remember that the puhllo
pchool system is our protection against
greater dangers than those our country
may be exposed to from armored cruisers
of hostile nations, and upon the quality
of the teaching service of these schools
no patriotic citizen can afford to be in*
different. A. MEGAHAN.
Into the mire by using It for euch bas« pur- 1
poses and allowing the game to be played In 1
their rooms for a stake, the American Whist
League should say to them, as they did to one
of the clubs of Boston at the Sixth Congress:
"You are without the pale of our Institution.
and you must step down and out." The club
was expelled. When the time comes that we
have to blush with shame for taking our sons
or daughters Into a whist club and be obliged
to say to them, "This Is where we come to
spend our evenings; but it is no place for
you." we say the proper course to pursue Is
to cut the cancer out— lf not. hang out the
yellow flag.
GOOD ADVICE TO WHIST STUDENTS.
By Lander M. Bouve of Boston.
To beginners, or players of limited expe
rience, the numerous new plays and systems
which have been developed during the past
year or two are undoubtedly confusing, and
tend to discourag« students of whist in their
efforts to learn the game. It is not good
policy for any but the most expert players to
attempt to make use of the various new plays
exploited, as even the originators of many n{
these inventions admit that to a. larye ext»r.t
they are experimental. The advocates of the
long-suit game believe that the present more
or less unsettled condition of affairs is but a
forerunner of a return, by many of those now
attempting to demonstrate the value of these
so-called improvements, to the established
game as set forth by our most prominent
writers. If beginners will conscientiously
master the American lead?, and the plays
which are the basis of the long-suit gam'?,
they will find that as their experience grows,
they are able to hold their own against many
of the later ideas. The main factor of success
Is to make one's play easy for partner to
understand, and It Is an oft remarked fact that
many of the most brilliant players work their
partners so hard that it is a relief to the latter
when the game is finished. This is entirely
unnecessary, particularly if players will give
partner the assistance possible by means of
the number-showing leads, uniform plays un
der like conditions, and consistent following of.
the straight long-suit system.
BREACH OF ETIQUETTE.
We have been asked a good many times
"If It was allowable In whist clubs for a per
son to bold his cards and play them from
below the edge of the table."
In answer to this query we will say: There
is no written law to prevent such action; It
is only a breach of whist etiquette. The unwrit
ten law Is that the offender is usually Invited
to hold his cards "above board" so the hackft
of them can be seen by every one at the
ble- if he declines to do so. he has no standing
in respectable society, and he is usually in
vited to tender his resignation to the club.
Two such cases that we know of came up in
one of the Eastern clubs some time ago. and
one of the two was expelled, for he was caught
In doing what the very act suggests.
DOES MR. TRIST LIVE IN THE CITY?
At the Trist Duplicate Whist Club rooms
the other evening one of the most enthusiastlo
members of the club was entertaining as a vis
itor a gentleman and his wife from one of the
across the bay whist clubs.
Among other interesting things he was show
ing them, he called their attention to a very
large circular picture, made in the shape and
form of the emblem of the A. W. L., contain
ing some twenty portraits of the officers and
executive committee of the league. He pointed
out with considerable pride the central photo
graph, the father and founder, Mr. Eugene S
Elliott; also President H. A. Mandell. ex-Pres
trtent Theodore Schwarz, ex-Prealdent Walter
H. Barney, the great C. D. P. Hamilton. Rob
ert H. Weems. Vice President E. Leroy Smith
B. F. Richards, and others. Then he points!
to the one whom every child in the whist world
knows only to love. Mr. Nicholas Browse
Trist, mentioning his name with a sort of rev
erence, when our guest asks, "t>oes Mr. Trist
live in the city?"
WHISTLETS.
The Whist Editor of The Call has just re
ceived a letter from Lieutenant-Colonel Elliott,
Third Bengal Cavalry, Fyzabad. Oudh. Ben
gal, India, asking for a copy of The Call's
"Whist Don'ts" and "Whist Whys." The Call
will be delighted to send every Indian a copy.
We have sent several to Spain, but they don't
seem to have had the desired effect.
One of the oldest rules in whist— in vogn<
over a hundred years ago — required each player
to place his cards in front of him, just as is
done to-day in duplicate whist.
J. A. Sublette of the Office Men's Whist Club
of St. Louis, Mo., Frank H. Goddard of the
Worcester Whist Club of Worcester, Mass.. and
D. W. Stroud of the Toledo Whist Club of To
ledo. 0.. have been sojourning in San Fran
cisco and making themselves at home in the
rooms of the Irist Duplicate Whist Club, where
every whist visitor to this city is welcome.
The Friday afternoon play of the Ladies'
Whist Annex to the Trist Club, which ha«
been so popular all winter, will continue
through the summer months. Mrs. F. Freder
icks, the secretary of this little organization, J
has changed her address to Belvedere. '
We have received an Inquiry from Miss Flor
ence Greene, secretary of the Woman's Whist
League, asking information in regard to the »
"Ladies' California Whist Club." if any one '
knows of such an organization in this city or
State a favor will be conferred on us by send
ing a list of its officers and members
The Canadian Whist League will hold Ha
annual congress In July at Toronto, Canada.
Further announcement will be made in TheWHY IT IS WISE
TO PAY SEVEN DOLLARS FOR A
MELBA SEAT.
r?y this time next week every oper
atic and theatrical entrepreneur with a
ivc e;ir to his business will have heard
■)f the thousands <>f Golden Westerners
*ho paid their little $7, $6, $5 and $4
md bo forth to acquaint themselves
with th^ musical personality of Melba.
And this should do us a deal of pood;
strengthen the legend of San Fran-
Jfsco'a appreciation of expensive enter
talnments (especially her practical, pe
runlary appreciation) with a few im
mediate facts, and generally boom our
reputation In the little offices on Broad
way, whore now our past prodigality is
almost forgot and we are held in none
too excellent affection. As one whoso
business and pleasure is considerably
mingled with the theatrical and musi
cal Interests "f San Francisco, I am
hoping heavily on this visit of Melba's.
Not that it, individually, is likely to
give us anything strenuously artistic
«n either opera or ensemble — that could
nardly be hoped for in the performance
peras whose attractions are, at this
o'clock In the development of dramatic
music, dependent almost solely on the
magic of a voioe and the glamour of
a name — but its financial success will
advertise- to the world and to ourselves
the possibilities of San Francisco as a
market for high-priced entertainments.
We need the ad.
For a long time now indifferent
shows indifferently patronized at the
higher priced theaters have attracted
attention to the bigger business accom
plished by tlio cheaper ones. These
cheaper theaters, the only ones that
kept up with whatever idea the public
has of their standards are, as a matter
of course, patronized; while the East
ern managers who bring vaudeville
and tenderloin farces, one after an
other, to what many persons still re
member as our one serious theater,
profit but slimly. if at all, and gf away
With the idea that this is "a cheap
Bhow town," never taking V .1 account
the fact that many of the old Baldwin
patrons who care only occasionally for
vaudeville (and never at all when it
has the tenderloin twist to it) have
been compelled to give up playgolng
altogether, because they do not know
where to look for the sort of drama
that pleases them.
I think it rankly unfair that San
Francisco should accumulate an unen
viable reputation for, cheapness merely
because si. persistently ref- :es to ac
cept as steady diet a class of theatri
cal entertainment that bears as little
relationship to sane drama as an un
dergrouAod dancehall does to contempo
rary Bocial commerce.
And while a one-star performance of
Verdi's "Travlata," even with the great
est Boritura singer in the world to as
: irgetfulness of the absurd absence
of 'iramati' allusion, may not be as no
ble a cause for • xtravagance as is, say,
the regular symphony season or th>
single performance at Beethoven's
Ninth Symphony at Fritz Scheel's ben
efit, it certainly is the legitimate oeea
■A of excitement In
a city where opera is preciously loved,
where anything but ordinary singing is
th>i rare exception, and where Melba,
the acknowledged empress of her
sphere, has never sung before. The Cal
ifornia Theater Is practically sold out
fur the three nights, I am told by the
management, and an extra perform
ance, made up of single acts of other
operas, Is under consideration. The re
ceipts for the four nights would be
nothing short of $30,000— a pre!*'- com
fortable showing for a comparatively
small and one-star organization.
Then there is the opera-house ques
tion, which comes up every time opera
is mentioned in San Francisco. Every
body knows that if we had had an au
ditorium sufficiently large to house a
grand-opera audience the best Melba
seats would have Bold for about half
of $7 with equal profit to the promo
ters; that long before now we would
have had not only Melba, but the De
Reszkes, Calve, Eames, Placon, Bish
pam and all the big stars who parti
cipated in the high-salary crime at the
Metropolitan. I used to read those
burning editorials on the evils of high
salaries and the inartisticness of stellar
glorification written by the satiated
opera experts of the New York news
papers and gasp with envy.
At that time New York had th^ pick
of the operatic world. Nothing was too
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR seats by E
ALCAZAR. MA.SiSIf
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT,
AND ALL NEXT WEEK, .
THE STRANGE
ADVENTURES
OF MISS BROWN !
• A Man Ir. the Seminary- Stampedes Its In-
mates and Convulses the Audience with
LAUGHTER OR 3 SOLID HOURS !
A Competitive Farce to
"CHARLEY'S AUNT."
- Lowest I'rlcps— Orchestra, 50c
Coziest Theater— Dress Circle, 35c, GOc.
Best Company— Ualcony, 15c. 25c. 35c.
April 23— "THE GAY PARISIANS."
A DOLLAR SHOW FOR A DIME!
THF. FINEST COLLECTION OF
"WILiD -A.2Sri3UE.A.I_ l S
Ever Shown in Thi6 Country Is at the
. . . ZOO ...
IN /THE CHUTES.
CAPTAIN CARDONO and Tiis Group of
TRAINED LIONS and ATTRACTIONS
rHOUT Nr.V.Kk. . . - illJ^
PXIAL— Two Afternoon Performances To-
day, at 2 and 4 o'clock.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
11c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA RECEIVES AFTERNOONS AND
■ - ■ ■ EVENINGS. . . i
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season
Muetc, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, ■ Fishing
and other amusements.'
Refreshments at city prices. Far?, round
trip, 25c; Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds. •• - ■
—THE STEAMER fKTAH—
Will leave Tlburon F^rry r.t K):SO a. m., 12:10, !
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at i
U-^l5 a. in.', 1. Z ar.d 3 p. m. - ■ I
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
! gond for her; in fact hardly anything
I was quite good enough. She could hear
j Wagner, Gounod, Meyerbeer, the old
! operas, the elderly and the youthful,
\\ ith an ideal cast and an ideal leader
i for each— and at prices not much great
i er than we "have paid to hear organiza
tions whose very names were unknown
in New York; and yet she protested on
| grounds not only economic, but artistic.
, I used to read all about it and
wonder just what would happen to the
i man who would criticize opera in San
Francisco from a like standard of ex
cellence.
For many years we have been utterly
out of it so far as opera is concerned.
We h;iv«- h;ul the r.gular reasons at the
Tlvoll, the terrible invasions of Mad
ame Tavary, the operatic concerts of
Nordica, the little French company and
the little Italian company, and we have
come to have a very decent acquain
tance with lots of valuable works — but
not since the last farewell of Patti have
we heard the human voice divine such
as is promised in the singing of Melba.
The operas in which Melba will ap
pear—"Traviata," "The Barber" and
"Lucia"— are anciently familiar; her
company is not the one that offended
the anti-high-salaryites in New York;.,
but the Voice which will sing the meas
ures of Violetta, Roslna ai.d Lucia is
reputed the greatest for those roles that
the world now knows. So let loose the
flower, fashion and treasure of the town
for Melba — and some day perhaps they
will think bettor of us in New York;
and who knrrws but some day some
dare-devil millionaire of our own will
build an opera-house of stone and
brick on solid ground in place of the
gaudy edifices of adjectives and ex
clamation points that are erected every
week or so in the newspapers.
ASHTON STEVENS.
JHE OUJEp WOJRLiD.
The other day upon receiving an in
dignant lettc-r from a famous actor,
AMUSEMENTS.
irblDpfains-
of sensational
int?resr"flTroug^oul
IKev/Kole World.
©IfU LBY»
California TRe&tre
Sunday Ni^hi^ApHl^h
ftesrvted SeeJS 15-25-50
Or\ Sals Thursday.
THE CINEMATOGRAPHIC LIFEMOVINO
ENACTMENT OF
THE PASSION PLAY
As Produced In Oberammergau,
Will Bo Given.. EVERT AFTERNOON AND
EVENING Diirlnc the Coming Week
(Sundays excepted), at 3:15 and
8:30. at the
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
•Indorsed by Cardinal Gibbons and the press
of Europe and America.
Admission, 23c. Children, 15c.
HI VMPIA I Corner o! Mtien anj
;,. ULYIVIPIA j Ed(Jy Slreeu
America's most ' beautiful Music Hall
THE MA RTELLES, Trick Blcycllus; MAK-
DOLA, Master of Equipoise; CHAR (LI A., Tri"k
Violinist; ELLWOOD, Female Impersonator,
CARLTON SISTERS, Trilby Dancers; TUN;.
SON, - Operatic Star, and others. Matinee to-
ilay. Admission Free. :-■:.' ■ • ■ . ■■■*■',
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
! asking why Clement Scott had been
: permitted to resume his position of dra
j matic critic of the London Telegraph,
the editor. Sir Edward Lawson, wrote in
reply, that while he held the histrionic
1 profession in much honor he could not
j see that its members were especially
i qualified or authorized to edit the Daily
i Telegraph.
Here's a musical story that the musi-
I cal critics of New York are all talking
: about, writes Acteon Davies: "Last
! week at a concert uptown the audience
' was called upon to rise and sing "The
Star Spangled Banner." All the au
dience save one man sprang to their
feet and began to sing. Noticing this
a man seized the sitting one by the
arm and cried: "What's the matter,
old man? Why on earth don't you get
us and sing?"
The sitting man drew himself up
haughtily, and whether there was a
twinkle in his eye or not perhaps will
never be known. However, his reply
was:
"I do not think it would be at all the
proper thing for a member of the Even
ing Post staff to sing 'The Star Span
gled Banner.' "
After roundly scoring Mr. W. S. Gil
bert for his recent tirade against the
AMUSEMENTS.
0000000000 0 0 0000000
°o BALDWIN
g THEATER.
O
O TO-NIGHT (Sunday)
O */* ■' ' '
q • AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
e\ B AST Opportunity to
° JLaugh. m
o
° HOYT'w^ NEW
Q liv/ I * O COMEDY HIT,
o . . ■ ','.,. »-'-.",*,'..
I A Stranger
/^ ■ ■ • ...
I in New York.
O '-'-.. ■: . .';■ . - - . •';■
? "FOR HE'S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW.":
JO ' —~~—
o FVTRA— Mondayi
O LAI AprW 25.
S FERRIS" HARTMAN
O .v. v - "• -*■• ■ '.. • ■■■■ -
r\ And a Perfect Comedy Organization,
,*i Direct From New York, '■'
a -'- In the, Nautical - Farcical Comedy,
% The PURSER,
' Jf ■ "As refreshing as a breeze from the sea."
0 0000 00 00 OP OOflflft
critics, in which he alluded to the
American play reviewers as "that Amer
ican herd," the dramatic critic of the
Baltimore American soothes the feel
ings of the British satirist with this
story:
"A certain actor — we'll mention no
names — met, in the course of his artis
tic wanderings in a certain town 'in In
diana, a young man who was intro
duced to him as a newspaper man. In
the course of conversation allusion was
made to some police affairs, and the
actor asked the young man if he were
police reporter on his paper, as he
seemed to take great interest in the
subject. 'Police reporter? Oh, no!'
replied the newspaper man. 'I have
only been on the paper a short time—
I haven't gat as far up as police re
porter yet; I'm only dramatic critic' "
With apologies to an unremembered
poet, the Philadelphia Record rises to
remark:
Slay Irwin, it is true you're stout and in your
teens no longer.
'Tls tru^ your charms are opulent and mel
low;
One can't deny your healthy voice Is Just a
trifle stronger
Than that which charms the average sort of
fellow.
And yet I do protest you win my honest ad
miration —
The cause of which effect's extremely simple-
You make mo think of some plump baby, crow
ing in elation.
That beams jocundity from every dimple.
Your fun is of the wholesome sort that passes
without question;
Your full-niiMin face is halm for any sinner;
Your rogulsn jests, your jolly songs, facilitate
digestion,
And make one feel the better for his dinner.
New York will get even with Paris by
sending Lillian Russell over during the
exposition.
Says the New York Commercial Ad
vertiser: "The Pacific Coast is to have
an opportunity to make the acquain
tance of the Kneisel Quartet this
spring. That organization, under the
management of Mr. Albert Marks,
manager of the San Francisco Sym
phony Society, will give a series of
twelve concerts in California. Oppor
tunities to hear chamber music done in
AMUSEME.NTS.
O O O O O OOOOOOOOOO(
COLUMBIA
THEATER.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY, LAST TIME.
JAMES A. HERt*E
IN
SHORE ACRES.
TO-MORROW
And All the Week Mat & rday ,
The Fascinating
MARIE
J rk ii kJ \j 11 j
.-•.. •■. -. •■. ' ' '
I'resenting ■' the Comedy Success,
| DELMONICO'S |
I AT 6. I
| Ai v* I
A HAPPY BLENDING OF
MIRTH AND MELODY.
NOTHING BUT FUN!
. . V COMING . . .
ROBERT M ANTELL.
a ooo o o oo oo poc
an adequate fashion are much more
rare on the coast than even here in the
East, and the fortune of the venture
of the Kneisels into the wild and wool
ly will be followed with great interest."
Opera.
Verdi's "La Traviata" has been se
lected for Melba's opening on Tuesday
night because it not only displays Mel
ba in one of her most famous roles, but
because it is said to find excellent in
terpretation at the hands of her sup
porting company, and of the three
works in the present repertory makes
the best showing as a production. The
story of Dumas' lady of the camellias
is an old one and well known here, both
in its dramatic and operatic forms.
Those who have heard Patti as the
tuberculous heroine cannot but have
happy recollections of the part snd a
natural desire to hear it sung by the
one who now universally is acclaimed
Patti's successor. Salignac, a Parisian
tenor, will appear as the hero. Cam
panari, an Italian barytone of reputa
tion, will be the father. Signor Bim
boni, who directs, is one of the very
foremost of Italian opera leaders.
The following is the "Traviata" cast
in full:
Violetta Mme. Metba
Flore Mme. Van Cauteren
Amrriiia Mme. Matfeld
Alfredo Muns. Salignac
Germoiit Bfg. Campanari
Barone Vivian!
Dottare big. Carhone
Qastone Mr. V;m Hooae
Marchrse Mr. Rains
Conductor, Sig. Blmbonl.
The second performanc tal-es place
on Thursday night with "The Barber
of Seville" as the bill, one of the most
playful and b'jnnrous of the old stand
ard operas. It is said by many that
Melba does her finest work in the part
of Rosina. This is the cast for "The
Barber":
Ropina Mcl ba
Bortha Van Cauteren
Almavivi Sallgnac
Flkoto Campanari
Ba rtolo Carbone
Hasillo Vlviani
Fiori.llo Van Hoose
AMUSEMENTS.
300000COOOCOOOOOOOO
CALIFORNIA o
THEATER. o
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME. ®
EDWARD HAKRIGAN,. Q
In OLD LAVENDER. _
. . Grand Opera in Italian . . g
Messrs. WALTER DAMBOSCH and n
CHARLES A. ELLIS announce the first w
appearance of the renowned prima donna, Q
Ma.lame
MELBAI
o
Supported by the *^
DA £l°, s s CH Grand Opera Co. g
And the Orchestra of the New York Sym-
phony Society. W
REPERTOIRE: O
Tuesday Ev 6 ! LA TRAVI ATA g
April 19, Melba as Violette. !?
THURSDAY EVENING. APRIL 21, ft
TheBARBER of SEVILLE ©
MELBA aa ROSINA.
PNTT'RPAY EVENING*. APRIL 23. q
LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR o
MELBA as LL'CIA. Q
Principal supporting artists Include VAN Q
CAUTEREN. TORONTA and MATTFELT), n
Soprani; BAXIONAC and VAN HOOSE, W
Tenorl; CAMPANARI, Baritone; CAR- Q
BONE, VIVANI, RAINS. Hassi. Per-
formanoes directed by SIGNOR ORESTE O
BIHBONI. Q
SEATS AT BOX OFFICE. _
Prices $7. J6, $5. $4, $3, $2. Boxes $40 ~
Coming— "TßlLßY." q
ioooooooooooooooooo
"Lucia" will be sung Saturday night
| with this cast:
; Lucia-dl Lammermoor .. Melba
i iza ;••• .....; Van Cauteren
: ff a P r f° Sallgnac
r nriro Campanari
Kaimondo • Carbone
Golumbia.
The only dramatic novelty of the
week will be offered at the Columbia to
morrow night in the shape of a farcical
| comedy by Glen Maedonough, who
' wrote "The Prodigal Father," called
i "Delmonlco's at Six," in which Marie
Jansen, who for years was a strong
comic opera favorite in New York is
I the bright particular figure.
Here is the plot of "Delmonico's at
Six":
Dr. Hamilton Clark, a physician, and
his young friend, Captain Holland, who
I is in love with the former's daughter,
i go out on a lark and come home late.
j Clark thinks his life is too tranquil.
j and in order to create a breeze at home
| purchases a photograph of a stage
! celebrity, places it where his wife can
| find it, and then dictates a letter to his
j friend saying that he is to dine at Del
j monico's at 6 with the famous vaude
ville artiste, Trixie Haselmere. The
letter is left where his wife can find
it. Clark sows a mild breeze, but reaps
a cyclone. He repairs to Delmonico's
at the appointed hour and meets Trixie
Haselmere, who has accidentally heard
of his plot and determines to punish
him for using her name by carrying it
! out to the letter. The wife arrives upon
the scene and complications ensue in
quick succession. Other characters are
a dime museum strong man, a French
waiter, who poses as a Count, a sawed
off detective and a maid who is too
smart for anything. Miss Jans^n's
company includes Clarence Montaine,
Harry Beresford, Mack Charles, George
Fell, Frank Caldwell, Mrs. F. A. Tanne
hill. Miss Sylvia .Lyndon, Miss Jessie
Bradbury and Miss Elice Bertram.
BaldWirv.
Hoyt's tenderloin celebration, "A
Stranger in New York," continues all
of this week at the Baldwin. A week
from Monday Ferris Hartman and the
company which he has brought from
New York will give us the first pro
duction in America of "The Purser," a
farce that has been very successful in
the British provinces. The scenes are
on an ocean steamer, bound from Lon
don to Australia, and the characters
are the captain, the ship's doctor, the
purser and other officers of the vessel
and the passengers. Mr. Hartman will
be seen in the title role, a ,part which
it is said suits his peculiarities to a
nicety. The English scene models have
been sent to this country and will be
followed exactly.
Alcazar.
"The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown" has taken so well with the
Alcazar audiences that it will be con
tinued another week. "The Gay Pari
sians," one of the very cleverest of re
cent farces, arid one that was a big
success at the Baldwin last season
when Charles Frohman sent it out, will
follow. L. R. Stockwell and Howard
Scott have been engaged for the pro
AMUSEMENTS.
; MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
! Walter H0r05c0.......5010 Lessee and Manager.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF .
THE PAVEMENTS OF PARIS
• ■ ■ _^__ - . ■ ■ ■ " ■ - ■
COMMENCING TO-MORROW, APRIL IS.
GRAND REPRODUCTION
— Of Scott Marble's Mechanical Drama—
THE DIAMOND BREAKER
Realistic Effects of Ponderous Mine Machinery.
The Diamond Breaker at Work.
Thrilling Escape From Death.
Great Scene in the Interior of an Insane
Asylum.
—MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY—
Evening Prices ...;......;.... 10c, 25c. 50c
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY,, APRIL 17.
■ Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK OF
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS, closing
Saturday Night, April 23; HELEN MORA. Re-
nowned Barytone; McINTYRE & HEATH,
Black Face Comedians: WILLIAMS & WAL-
i KER, The Real Colored Boys; CHARLES R.
SWEET, The Piano . Tramp; THORNB • &
CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
ETTE, Fantastic Mimic; AJAX, the Flexible
Marvel. .- ' ,g»fcqi&frftff3frcflfffl|fl
UNION COURSING PARK.
" SUNDAY, APRIL 17.
48-DOG STAKEI
ALSO CONSOLATION EVENT.
TOTAL PRIZES— S7BS.
Train leaves Third and Townsend sts.: Sat-
urdays— 11:30 a: m., 12:55 p. m. Sundays— ll
a. m.. 11:30 a. m., I:3d p.: m. Valencia st.', -5
| minutes later. . Returning, ■ leave the park 5
i p. m. and immediately, atter last course. San
I Ma.t«m electric cara every 10 minutea. , .
duction. It is rumored that no less ar
actor than Lewis Morrison will be seer
at the Alcazar soon in the capacity ol
stock star.
Tiv>oli.
The Tirol] continues its Easter bur
lesque, "Sinbad the Sailor," until fur
ther notice. Gay scenery, costumes, ac
cessories, light effects, catchy music
and bright topicals all go to make
up a home production worthy ol
the crowded houses that night
ly attend it. Helen Merrill is
a handsome hero; Carrie Roma a
characteristic and excellent Widow Sin
bad, and her impersonation of Anna
Held one of the comic hits of the sea
son; Georgie Cooper is the stunning
Princess, and Edith Hall the dashing
Fatima. Edwin Stevens finds in Cap
tain Paul Jones O'Scuttle. the Irish pi
rate, one of the most congenial extrav
aganza roles he ever has attempted,
and with Thomas C. Leary as Tinbad
the tailor and Phil Branson and Bob
Mitchell as Hokey and Chokey, the
heavenly twins, the fun is fast and
furious. The ballets, under the direc
tion of Miss Christine Stockmeyer, are
most attractive, especially the dance ol
the precious gems in the second act.
Nearly every night new material ia
introduced and new verses added to
the topical songs and ensembles. This
week Carrie Roma will sing a new
song, "To My Love," the words by her
self and the music by R. F. Tilton.
Morosco's.
The first three acts of "The Diamond
Breaker," which will be Morosco's at
traction for next week, take place in
the Alleghany mountains, the closing
scenes transpiring in New York city.
Squire Alden has incurred the enmity
of the "moonshiners" and is murdered.
The squatters take possession of his
lands. His daughter, Rex, on reaching
womanhood, commences legal action,
for the recovery of her estate and is
seconded in her efforts by her lover,
Walter Warren, a young inventor. Thus
far the "lot has been exciting, but later
developments become simply lurid.
Walter is cast into the gaping jaws of
the diamond breaker, which is an im
mense coal crusher. From almost cer
tain death he is rescued by Rex, who
makes a thrilling slide for life to ac
complish her heroic purpose. She in
turn is spirited away to an insane asy
lum, where the torture of the whipping
post, meted out to her by the villain,
and the hideous vagaries of her insane
companions, drive her almost frantic.
She is rescued by Walter, who enters in
the disguise of an Italian. There la
enough of the intensely thrilling about
the plot to give the ordinary auditor a
nightmare and tickle the "gods "' to
death. Scenes of wild enthusiasm will
doubtless be the order for the week.
Orpheum.
The Hyde company of vaudevillers
have scored a large hit at the Orphe
um, where they remain until after the
Saturday night performance. Although
the list of people stands the same sev
eral of the turns will be changed.
Helen Mora will have new descriptive
snngs, Mclntyre and Heath a new
black-face skit, and Williams and
Walker several new songs and gags to
introduce in their cake-walk. Thorne
and Carlton, Charles R. Sweet, the
piano tramp, the Great Lafayette and
the supple Ajax will continue in their
original specialties. Hyde's is the best
all-round vaudeville show the Orphe
um has offered in many a day.
California.
Edward Harrigan closes a successful
week of "Old Lavender" with to
night's performance. Next Sunday
night a local production of "Trilby"
will be given in the California at cheap
prices. Frederick Paulding will be the
Svengali and Fannie Gillette the Tril
by.
Ghutes.
The open-air and indoor attractions
at the Chutes include Wallace, the
"untamable lion"; Jolly, the docile ele
phant: Chiquita, the condensed Cuban
patriot, and a big variety bill in the
Free Theater.
Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall, in addition
to the usual string of talent, will have
the Martelles, trick bicyclists, and
Mandola, the master of equipoise, in
an entirely new line of tricks in bal
ancing and juggling while poised on
the revolving globe. Others on the bill
are Chevriel, trick violinist; Harry Ell
wood, female impersonator, and Mac
Tunison, soprario.
Gorvcerts.
The many musical and other friends
of Alfred Wilkie, the well-known tenor,
will tender him a "testimonial benefit
concert" on Friday evening, April 29, at
Sherman & Clay's Hall. 223 Sutter
street. An attractive programme has
been arranged, and the prospects are
for a large attendance.
The suite made up from Grieg's mu
sic to Ibsen's "Peer Gynt," Liszt's first
rhapsody, and a symphony by Fred
Zech Jr., are on the programme of
Thursday's symphony concert at the
Tivoll.
,"';..' :.': AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
A TREAT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR!
A SUPERB BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
Everything New and Up to Date.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE-EXTRA!
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY. .
FRITZ SCHEEL MUSICAL DIRECTOR.
ELEVENTH CONCERT.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, April 21, at 3:15
o'clock.
PROGRAMME.
Overture. "Hans Harling"............Marsehner
Svmphonie No. 3 Fred Zech Jr.
Peer Gynt Suite Grieg
Rhapsodic No. 1 :... Liszt
Prices, including reserved seats, $1 50, $1 anu
75 cents.
Sale of seats commences at the Tivoll Oper*
House Monday morning, April 18.
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
. 414 Mason - Street.
SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 8, P. M.
A word of love and warning to the slumberingf
Church.
JAMES B. DAVENPORT, Evangelist of Cath-
olic Apostolic Church.
THE PROMISES "TO HIM THAT OVER-
COMETH: 1 ' .': {c ■<.' V\
Admission free. No collection.
BASEBALL !
WAR!- — WAR!- — : WAR!
AT
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Hnrri- Streets.
SUNDAY, APRIL 17. AT I P. M.
SAN JOSE VS. SAN FRANCISCO.
Admission,. 2sc; Children. 10c. '
BASEBALL !
CENTRAL PARK,
Corner Eighth and Market Streets.
PACIFIC STATES BASEBALL LEAGUB.
CHAMPIONSHIP OF PACIFIC COAST-
TO-DAY AT 2 ■ P. ■ M.
ATHLETICS VS. SAN FRANCISCOIt
- (Formerly Olympics.)
- - ■ Admission. ' 25c. • Children, lQr ; " "
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank Clearings show the usual gain.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Bar >y Futures advanced.
Corn and Surprise Oats higher.
Rye steady.
Straw and Oat Hay advanced.
Flour and Mlllstuffs unchanged.
White Heans higher.
Flaxseed lower
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Vegetables unchanged.
Putter and Eggs about as before.
Arrivals of Strawberries Increasing.
Navel Oranges lining better.
Fair demand for Dried Fruit.
Several kinds of H.des weaker.
Meats unchanged.
HANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $17,472.
[>77. against $14,753,418 for the same week last
year.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
end hundredths during the , ast twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high " means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER . REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 16, p. m. I
Following are the rainfalls for the past |
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to j
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— ■ 21 hours. Season. Season, j
Eureka 0 31. 47.66 :
Red Bluff 0 12.30 23.83 ,
Sacramento 0 8.87 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.56
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
San Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
1>.9 Angeles 0 5.28 ■ 16.74
San Diego 0 4. 1S 11.66
Yuma Trace 1.66 5.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 57;
minimum. 47: mean, .i 2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
Fair weather still continues throughout Cali
fornia anil the region to the eastward. The
pressure Is increasing somewhat In the North
Pacific Coast States and falling in California.
This will result in fair weather In California,
with fresh to brisk northerly wind and slowly
rising temperature.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 17, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; fresh to
brisk northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; fresh
westerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
I'tah— Fair, cooler Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
warmer: fresh northerly wind; high northwest
off shore.
SpecUl report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west, 36 miles per hour;
temperature, 54: maximum, CO.
W. H. HAMMON.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 16.— The tone of to-day's
stock dealings, while dull and depressed, gave
no very active Indications of apprehension. Tt
was rather a waiting market, as for some time
past. Thp transactions outlsde of operations
by professionals were insignificant. Selling by !
traders found few seekers, and prices conse- i
quently yielded very readily. On the other j
hand, when the professionals turned buyers |
they found few stocks offering, and prices con- !
sequently equally recovered. Naturally the net j
result* of this kind of Juggling from one hand ;
to the other and then bade again was not
large, though the day's price was pretty wide. |
The opening decline was due to sympathy with I
London, where Americans all showed a heavy j
tone and where Spanish 4's relapsed after yes- I
terday's recovery, closing within % of the low
est price made- last Wednesday in the bear
raid. Eurov>oan operators had apparently lost
their confidence In the efficacy of the reported
project for concerted mediation l>y the powers.
The active preparations being made by the
United States admonished observers that the
Congressional differences over the technicali
ties of the Cuban resolution were not expected
to Interfere with the substance of their action
Involving armed intervention, and some slipht
recoveries In the second hour were due to cov
ering by the aborts, but they were not held,
ami the list showed net declines in nearly all
cases, for the most part confined to fractions.
Tobacco absorbed a large r«art of the deal
ings and suffered a loss of 9 a ii on very heavy
offerings, brought out by the recent jump in
prices. Sugar, the Grangers and I'nlon Pa
cific preferred were the other most active fea
tures, but the market was very narrow.
The decline of gold from I^ondon has raised
the discount rate there and stiffened exchange
on London at Continental centers, but the gold
movement to New York continues Without
signs of abatement. The conditions thus dis
closed, combined with the large liquidation of
Indebtedness known to have occurred In the
country, give confidence in the ability of the
financial fnbrlc to withstand the shock of war.
Transactions, aside from call loans for money
wait on the clearinc of the situation, and
partly also on the expectation of a Govern
ment loan. Hut apprehension of the effect of
war 0(1 money and business Is appreciably less
than three weeks ago. Therefore, while prices
are between 1 and 2 points lower than a week
auo, they are very substantially above the
low point touched just 'previous to the presenta
tion to Concress of the Maine Board of In
quiry report.
The market for railroad bonds has been in
tensely dull and prices lower. Government
bonds are lower, declines In the bid price
reaching 2* In the new 4'h coupon, 2 in the
coupons. I' 4 In the new 4's registered, W. in
the old 4'B registered, 1 In the old 4's coupon
and % In the s's.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 1X3,500
shares, including: Burlington, r>?o2: St. Paul
7590; Union Pacific preferred, r>ss<l; Union Pa
cific D. and G., 6340; American Tobacco 6638-
Sugar. 12,890.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson lU4 St P & Om 68
Do pref '.:■..."... 24% Do pref...- 140 -
Baltimore & Ohio 16V2 St P M & M .. 129
Canada Pacific ... 79% So Pacific *2\i
Canada Southern. 46V4 So Railway ...... 7(4
Cent Pacific 11V* Do pref 25&
Ches & Ohio IS,4 Texas & Pacific.. 10
Chi * Alton 154 Union Pacific .... bl\
Chi B & Q H% V P D & G...... 6%
Chi & E 111 El AVabash 6'i
C C C & St 1i.... 27 Do pref .... 15V
Do pref 78* i Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson ... 106 1 Do pref ......... 8:4
I>fl L' & W...... 144 Vi Express . Companies-
Den & R G....;. 10% Adams Ex 99 '
Do pref 42/4 American Ex 122
E^e (new) ....... 12 United States 38
Do Ist nref .... 32 Wells Fargo ..... 114
Ft Wayne ICS Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref ..... 147 A Cot Oil ........ 16-
Hocking Valley ... C.i Dopref .:. 6'J^
Illinois Central .. 9S\ Amn Spirits 9
Lake BHe & VV.. 13Vt, Dopref ........ 21VJ
Do pref J9& Am Tobacco ..... lOOVi
Lake Shore ...... 176 Do pref ...112
*-^vis & Naab ... 48 People* ua« ..... 90)4
Manhattan L .... 94% Cons Gas ...: — 177
Met St Ry 137%|C0m Cable Co ... 150 -
Mich Cent 102 Col F & 1r0n..... 18Vi
Minn & St L.... 24 | Do pref. 90
Do Ist pref BOV4 Gen Electric 31%
Mo. Pacific 2.">% Illinois Steel 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Laclede Gas 40 • ]
Mo X & T........ 10U Lead 28 ,
Do pref 30.* Do pref 102
Chi Ind & L 6% Nat Lin OH 14
Do pref 22 Or Imp Co 27% !
N J Central 93 Pacific Mail ..... 23% I
N V Central .... 109% Pullman Pal 170 ]
N V Chi & S L.. 12 Silver Cert 55**
Do Ist pref .... 60 Stand R & T 3%
Do 2d pref .... 2S Sugar 116% 1
Nor West 10 | Do pref 107
No Amer Co BVi T C & Iron v 19%
No Pacific ..: 22% U S Leather 5%
Do pref .' 60", Do pref 56 j
Ontario & W 14' i ! U S Rubber ..... 16 j
Or R & Nay 43% i Do pref 66
Or Short Line ... 2S West Union Sn% ■
Plttsburg 16S C& N W 11>V4 j
Reading 16Vi Do pref 172
Do Ist pref .... 38 St L & S W 4-|
Rock Island 84% Do pref 8
St L & B F 6tt R O W 23
Do Ist pref .... 56 Do pref 53%
Do'2d pref .... 25* i Chi G W ......... 10%
St Paul S7%lHaw Com Co .... 19 I
' Do pref 141 I
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S new 4s reg.. 118' N Carolina 6s .. 120
Do coup 119 Do 4s 102 .
U B 4s lOS'i N Pac lsts 114
Do coup 108% Do 3s 59-S,
DO 2ds 95 Do '.s 92% ,
U S 5s reg 109»i N V C <&• S L 45.. 101%
Do 5s coup 11l Nor & W 5s IIS |
District 3.65s 114 Northwstrn cons. 141%
Ala class A 10S% Do deb us 116
Do B 105 lO Nay lsts 114
Do C 95 O Nay 4s 92
Do Currency ... 95 Ots Line 6s tr.... 118
Atch!?on 4s 86% O S Line 5s tr.... 97%
Do adj 4s 6S O Imp lsts tr.... 106 1
Can So 2ds 105 Do 5s tr 53%
Chi Term 4s 81% Pacific 6s of 95... 103 1
C & Ohio 5s 113 Reading 4s 79%
CHAD 4%s 104% R G W 15t5....... 80
D& R G lsts 108 SL& IM C 55.. 86% |
D & R G 4s 891, S L & S F O 65.. 115V4 |
East Term lsts .. 105% St P Con 140
Erie Gen 4s .... 86*4 St P C & P lsts.. 117
■ F W ft D lsts tr. 67 Do 5s 115
Gen Elec 5s ..... 100 So Ry 5s S9
G H& S A 65.... 105 Stand R & T.... 54
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 35.. 85
H & T C »8 110 T & PL G lsts.. 9"»
Do con 65....... 103 Do Rg 2ds 30%
lowa C lsts 97 r PD & G lsts.. 53
La new cons 45.. 97 Wab Ist 5s 106%
I. & N Uni 45.... 85 Do 2ds 76%
I Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s< 106%
IMK & T 2ds 59 Va Centuries .... 66% i
Do 4s S6U Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lsts. 114 U P pref 51%
N J C 5s 111% U P 4s 59% |
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 10 Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va.... 70 Plymouth 13
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry-.. 10 Do pref 200
I Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 70
Homestake 37 00 Standard 1 fi 'J
Iron Silver 33 I'nion Con — '... 23
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket ... 12
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April 16.— Atchison. 11H: Bell Tele
phone. 250; Burlington. 91%; Mexican Central,
4%; Oregon Short Line, 28.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 16— The Evening Posfs
London financial cablegram says: Pending the ;
result of the vote on the Cuban resolution In \
the I'nlted States Senate the markets here are ,
dull and stupid, with lower prices. Consols j
were to-day i^Ui per ctnt lower. Americans j
were from .Vic's sl lower, with no business do- |
ing. with business following Wall street. Span
ish 4s were about 42S-
Cables from New York report an impression
In that market that Americans are chiefly
manipulated now from London. This must not
be confused with operations by English specu- ,
lators. Such manipulation as exists in this
market is on behalf of New York operators.
The money market was easier to-day.
< I-oSING.
Canadian Pacific. MV. Grand Trunk, ~%; Bar
Silver, steady, 2">!gd per ounce; Money, 2Vs per
cent. .
LONDON. April lfi. 2:30 p. m— Spanish 4s
closed at 42 V «. a net loss of 1\ from yesterday's :
closing quotation.
BERLIN. April 16— During the early part of
the day business on the Bourse was weak.
notably bank shares, Italian securities and i
American stocks, owing to the continued arma
ments.
PARIS. April 16.— The opening of the Bourse |
here to-day reflected London's weakness. Real- I
izations ruled, speculators were anxious to re
duce their open accounts, owing to the uncer
tainty of the outlook, and there was a further
heavy decline in the price of Spanish 4b, a re
sult of the news that the Senate would not
adjourn until the Cuban resolutions were voted
upon. Rentes. Brazilians. Italians and Rus
sians were also materially lower. Rio Tlntos
were largely offered.
4 p. m.— Spanish 4s closed at 42%, l*i lower
than yesterday's final price.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT. .
NEW YORK. April 16.— The Financier says:
Despite the heavy and continued demand for j
funds from the interior and clearing house ■
banks, according to their statement for the
current week, they were able not only to hold I
their own in the way of cash, but added over |
$2,000,000 to surplus reserve, making the latter
Item the largest reported since January 1. In
the light of present events, the statement must
be regarded as favorable, since it reveals the |
wonderfully strong position of the banks. Ordi
narily it would mean lower money rates this
week, but unless a pacific solution of the Span- '■
tsh crisis presents itself, no such reduction may
be anticipated. The operations of the week I
brought about a shrinkage of $7. 697. W0 in loans, j
due to continued liquidation and the entire ab- \
sence of new business, the banks confining ;
themselves to the needs of their own cus- :
tomers. Out of town banks, it Is worthy of I
note, are doing some buying in this market, j
tempted by the stringent rates. Deposits were j
reduced $6,637,600. owing largely to withdrawals
of balances. The interior movement is shown :
In the loss of $3,824,200 in legal tender. Specie
imports account for the gain of $4,554,400 gold,
and the net result was an increase of nearly
three-quarters of a million cash.
The loss in deposits lowered the reserve re
quirements $1,579,400. This, added to the ca«h
gain, swelled the surplus as above.
The country has now imported or engaged
| over $60,000,000 of gold, but the New York
banks to-day hold only $2,000,000 more cash I
than when the movement started. The specie
received has merely replaced the withdrawals I
1 by interior banks, and It Is a problem whether ,
the futura demand on New York will be aa
! heavy as ftntlelpated.
Domestk- exchange Is at a heavy discount at |
interior cities, and from all that can be learned '
the cash withdrawn is not being employed at
I home. The fact that outside Institutions are
; loaning money here Is not without significance.
' The outlook favors continued imports of gold.
■ and these, with the heavy disbursements made
I by the treasury, may operate to produce an
I easier state of affairs. It would not be sur
: prising if present rates proved to be the maxl
! mum for the year. The country has so much
! money that It Is prepared to meet expenditures
of an extraordinary' magnitude without embar
i rassment. The trouble now Is that this is be
; ing hoarded, rather than put into use.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
: 16.238 barrels; exports, 19.334 barrels; stron^vr,
. but not quotably higher; winter patents, $4 85@
5 25; winter straits, $4 55@4 70; Minnesota
j patents, $5 20*55 f>o; winter extras, $3 65@4 10;
Minnestota bakers, $4 25@4 45; winter low
, grades, $2 90<ff3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 93,425 barrels; exports, j
166,750 bushels; spot stronger: No. 2 red, $1 10 j
f. o. b. afloat; options opened-, strong and i
higher on surprisingly firm Liverpool cables;
shorts were heavy buyers most of the fore- ;
noon, coverlng^yesterday's sales and Influenced !
also by renewed war talk; closed 2%'ft2-'V4c net !
higher; May, $1 05fil OG9i.. closed at $1 06%.
HOPS — Quiet; State common to choice, 1595
crop, 4@sc: 1896 crop, .7© 8c; 1897 crop, 15(f?17c;
Pacific Coast. 1895 crop, 4@se; 1896 crop, S@9c;
1897 crop, 15i0)17c; London market, 50@905.
WOOL— fleece, 17@22c Texas, 12@14c.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
LEAD— Was called dull at $3 50. . .
COPPER— Steady at $11 87^4, and casting
Copper steady at $11 12% by the firm fixing the j
settling prices for miners and smelters In the !
West to-day. The metal exchange issued no
report, as is usual on Saturday.
COFFEE— Options closed steady and un- j
changed to 20 points higher; sales 13,500 bags, j
including May, $."» 90(56. Spot Coffee—
stead-: No. 7 Invoice, 6%c: No. 7 jobbing, 7%c; i
mild, quiet: Cordova, BV4@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3 9-16 c; ]
centrifugal, 9G test, 4 11-16 c; refined, quiet; |
mold A, f. 7- 16c: standard A, 5 l-16c; confec- :
tioners': A. 6 l-16c; cut loaf, 5 5-16 c; crushed, i
5 11-16 c: powdered, 5 7-16 c; granulated, 5 3-16 c; !
cubes, 5 7-16 c. . .
BUTTER— Receipts. 3261 packages; easy;
Western creamery, 15@19c; Elglns, 19c; factory, i
12Q'15c
' EGGS— Receipts, f.602 packages; steady; West
ern, 10^c; Southern, 9%©9% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April 16.— California dried fruit,
steady. -
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@7J.4c;
prime wire tray, 8c; wood dried, prime, S^c;
choice," 81.4 c;8 1 .4 c; fancy, 9@9Vic.
PRUNES— 3%©7%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, &V4«?7c: Moorpark, B%®
10c. ,
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s(gßc; peeled, ll@l4c.
V CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 16.— Traders In wheat were
treated to a genuine surprise at the opening.
In spite of all the selling done here yesterday,
millions of bushels by the lonK Interests, and
notwithstanding; the drop of 3c a bushel In
July, all foreign markets rami> higher. Liver
pool In particular whs strong, showing ad
vanceH ranging from ' B »tu %d. A feature of
the advance at Liverpool was the fact that the
July price there was 25c higher than the pre
vailing price in this market, or considerably
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
above the average shipping rates. New York
reported that acceptances of wheat in all po
sitions made by cable from there yesterday
were the heaviest of the season, practically
everything offered being taken. It was evident
from this that the belief In war overshadowed
everything else In the minds of the foreigners.
The opening trades in July were at from 85%@
85%e, against 84%<?84%c at the close yesterday.
For a moment or two the market hesitated.
Then it commenced to advance, and for forty
five minutes the buying demand was simply
enormous. All classes of traders came Into
the market for wheat. It was not a one-man
market ; the demand was general and broad.
Not until the price had advanced to 87% c was
there any marked selling pressure. This price,
however, was well above calls, and selling
against these privileges, coupled with liberal
realizing of a general kind, put a stop to the
advance and caused the market to recede
slowly to 86% c. Apparently by this time the
demand for wheat had been pretty well satis
fied, for although the market reacted to 87Vic.
it was done slowly, the latter point not being
reached until about 11:30 o'clock. During the
last half hour of the short session the mar
ket was comparatively quiet but firm, with
prices keeping within a \c margin. The clos
ing price for July was 86% c.
Corn .was strong from the start. May closed
%<if%e higher. 
There was an active general trade In oats.
Prices closed rather easy. May closed Vs@Vic
higher.
Provisions were very dull. War talk and the
strength of grain markets caused a small
early advance, which wa.s lost later under sell
ing by local packers. The close was steady.
May pork H%c lower, May lard 24c higher and
May ribs 2' 2 c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 110 110 109 109
July 55% 87% 85% 86%
September 78% 79% 78 79
December 78% 79% 78% 7914
Corn, No. 2—
May 30 30% 29% 304
July 31\i 32 31Vi 31%
September 32% 33 32% 32%
Oats, No. 2—
May 26 26% 25% 25%
July 23Vi 23% 23% 23Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 9 90 9 90 9 77% 9 77%
July 990 10 05 990 990
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 5 20 6 20 6 17% 5 17%
July 8 22V4 5 27% 5 22% 5 25
September 530 635 530 6 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 Tbs—
May 5 12% 5 17% 5 12% 5 12%
Jiriy 5 20 5 25 5 20 5 20
September 5 27% 5 27% 5 27% 5 27%
("ash quotations were as follows: Flour,
ste-dy: winter patents, M 80^5; straights, $4 20
' (ft 4 50; spring specials, $5 50(c?5 60; spring pat
ents, $4 90<S5 10; straights. $4 40«4 60; bakers,
$3 5004; No. 2 red wheat, $1 OS; No. 2 corn,
J'i./,i;ho; No. 2 oats, 26V; No. 2 white f.0.b.,
80® 32c; No. 3 white f.0.b., 2S>i'S3oV4c; No. 2
Rye, 52-\;c; No. 2 barle- f.0.b., 38??39%c; No. 1
i flaxseed f.0.b., $1 22%; prime timothy seed.
i $2 85: mess pork, per barrel, $9 80<g9 85: lard,
i per 100 pounds. $5 17%; short ribs sides (loose),
; $5!Q.i 35: dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 62%@
! 4 75; short clear «ldes (boxed). $5 45"JF 5 55;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
: |1 20.
Articles— Recelnts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 9.000 7,000
Wheat, bushels 54.000 212.000
Corn, bushels ' 20C.000 521,000
Oats, bushels 329,000 359,000
Rye. bushels 6,000 127,000
Barley, bushels 39,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak; creameries, 14fglSc; dairies,
ll©16c; Cheese, quiet, B@B>4c; Eggs, firm, fresh,
9y«c ■ ,
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Busheii
Minneapolis 108,040 27.300
Duluth 10,559 75,772
Milwaukee 7,150 " 650 i
Chicago 54.047 211.506
Toledo 15.072 ... 2.100
St. Louis 19.000 I
Detroit 5,676 2.242
Kansas City 30,000 14,500
Totals 249,444 334,070
Tidewater-
Boston
New Yor* 93 425 166,750
Philadelphia 1.103 . 783
Baltimore 44,579 207,463
New Orleans 64,000
Galveston 3.850
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April. May.
Opening 64 05 63 60
Closing..
! Flour-
Opening 30 05 29 40
j Closing :....
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 9%- 7 7?; 610 68%
I Closing
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. April CATTLE— Cattle
arrived to-day to make a market and prices
were nominal as a rule; closing anywhere from
j 15c to 35c lower than a week ago; few Western
j Cattle have been selling badly all week.
HOGS— Were slow but steady; light weights,
j $3 65<g3 87%; heavies, $3 70<g3 72%; Pigs, $3@3 SO,
I largely at $3 15@3 40 for. small, and at $3 50@
3 SO for the heavier ones.
LAMBS— salable- at $5 50@5 62% ■ for
wooled Mexicans,' and at $4@5 for shorn flocks;
shorn Sheep. $3 50@4 30, few going below $4.
Receipts— Cattle, 200; Hogs, 17,000; Sheep,
I 500.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, April 16.— CATTLE— 1000;
market steady; native beef steers, - $3 S0(!j;4 90;
Western steers, $3 60iS4 70; Texas steers. $3 50®
4 30; cows and heifers, $3 25(54 2.'; stockers and
'■■ feeders, $3 SO(SiS; calves, $4 50@6 75; bulls, stags,
j etc., $2 50i53 70.
HOGS— Receipts, 5600; market 5c lower;
' heavy, $3 60(g3 70; mixed, $3 60<??3 65; light, $3 60
<§3 65: bulk of sales, $3 60® 3 62>...
SHEEP— 7700: market steady; fair
i to choice natives, $3 90@4 85; fair to choice
! Westerns, J3 60<§4 SO: Lambs, $4 25@5 50.
KAKSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 400; market unchanged, retail trade
i only.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000: market weak to 5c
lower; bulk of sales, $3 65@3 75; heavies, $3 70®
3 85; packers, $3 60(g3 80; mixed, $3 55<gz KO
lights, $3 50@3 67; porkers, $3 65@3 67%; Pigs!
$3 25<fJ3 60.
SHEEP— Rectlpts. 2500; market steady
I lambs, $4 90<§5 35; muttons, $3@5.
DENVER.
DENVER, April 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, 400-
I market quiet; beef steers, $3 75@4 50; cows'
! »3ifJ3 SO; feeders, freight paid to river, $4(?4 40
stockers. freight paid, $4@4 60; bulls, stags'
i etc., *2@3. '
HOGS— Receipts, 100; market lower; light
! packers, $3 60®3 65; mixed, $3 55@3 60; heavy,
I $3 SBfll 65.
: SHEEP— Receipts, none; market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. April 16.— Consols, 110%; Silver,
25% d; French Rentes, 102.37^.
LIVERPOOL, April 16.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California Wheat. 395; cargoes Walla
Walla Wheat, 37s 6d; cargoes off coast, very
little doing; cargoes on passage, more inquiry;
Liverpool Wheat, No. 1 California, 8s MfiSa 3d-
Wheat in Paris, firm; Flour in Paris firm
COTTON— Uplands, 3 15-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 8s H<s; No. 1 red Northern spring, 8s 3U,d
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new
3s 5%d. Futures firm; April, 3s 5V»d; May'
3s sd: July. 3s f,i 4 d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy; Pacific Coast dull
£2 10s<S£4 10s.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April 16. -WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, 84@85c; blue stem and valley, 87@88c
per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April 16.— WHEAT— Closed
strong at the advance; No. 1 club, 84c; No. 1
blue stem, 87c, with exporters offering lc less.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, April 16.— Exports of specie
from this port for the week $819,780 silver bars
and coin and $160,620 gold.
The imports of specie at New York for the
week ending to-day were $5,562,580 in gold and
$46,232 in sliver.
The imports of dry goods and merchandise
for the week were $8,734,101.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, April 16.— The Wool market during
the week was very quiet and there were only
a few transactions. The arrivals to date for
the third series of Wool auction sales number
294,497 bales, including 110,500 forwarded direct.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, April 16.— COTTON— Active
and firm; middling. f>%c.
NEW YORK, April 16.— COTTON— Steady
middling, 6T*c. ' '
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. April It— To-day's utate
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $219,162,479; gold re
serve. $179,747,687. _ 8 a re
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., April 16.— Exchanges, $209 -
994; balances, $23,372.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81U
Sterling Exchan- 60 days — 4 841^
Sterling Cables — 4 8"> "
New York Exchange, sight — U
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce -> 65%
Mexican Dollars «fi *rll
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week closed with higher prices,
both on and off call, with a fair trade in
futures.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 60
for No. 1. $1 62% for choice and $1 65@1 70 per
ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
6000 ctls, $1 58; 10,000 $1 67%; 4000, 11 57%; 20,000,
$1 57%.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctl6, $1 68:
14,000, $1 55%.
Regular Mornlr.g Session— December— 2ooo ctlß,
$158%; 6000, $1 55%; 2000. $158%; 20.000, $159.
May— 2ooo. $160%; 2000, $160%; 2000, $160%;
£000, $1 60%.
BARLEY— Spot prices were no higher, but
futures did better under good trading.
Feed, $1 40*31 42%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
SOW) ctls. $1 89£
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 39%:
6000, $1 39%; 4000, $1 40. . nftn
Regular Morning Session— December— 24,ooo
ctls, $1 39%; 4000 $1 3HV>; 6000. $1 39%. May—
6000, $1 43%; 2000 $1 43% f 2000. $1 43 1 -;.
OATS-The market is stiff, with a further
advance in Surprise.
Fancy Feed. $1 42'^(ffl 46 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 37^,^1 42%;' common. $1 30ffil 3d; Sur
prise, $1 40§:f 50- gray, $1300135; milling,
$1 35<3-l 42% per ctl.
CORN-Dealers are quoting still higher prices
with a fair demand and moderate stocks.
Small round yellow $1 20*71 2"> per ctl; large
yellow, $1 Is<si 20; white. $1 17%@1 20.
RYE-$1 37% per ctl.
BUCK IEAT— SI 90@2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
All kinds are firm at unchanged prices.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $5 25@5 35; Bakers'
Extras, $5@5 10 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats. $4 23;
Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
("racked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
@6 20; in sacks, $5 60@6; Pearl Barley. $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The only changes yesterday were an ad
vance In Straw and Oat Hay.
Alfalfa Is on Its way from Arizona, but as
it costs $16 here It will not affect the market
much. It costs the same to lay the same
: grade down here from I'tah, and as the sup
; ply from both these quarters will be limited
i we cannot expect much relief in these direc
| tlons. Nor can Oregon send us much of her
j Hay, so we may have to depend on our own
| crop after all. The outlook, therefore, is for
fancy prices for the next twelve months, as
! far as can be seen at present. The State was
< never so hard up for Hay before.
BRAN— S2I(S2I 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23@2S 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, $30<g31 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32<W32 50: Coeoanut Cake, $24®25; Cot
tonseed Meal $28ffi30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24;
Cracked Corn, $24(§25.
HAY-(Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $22 SO®
26 50; Wheat and Oat, $21 if 2s; Oat, $20«23:
i Barley, nominal; compressed Wheat, $22^25;
'• compressed Oat, $20(522 50; Alfalfa, $14@16;
i Clover, nominal; Oregon Timothy, $14@16.
j STRAW— 6S®7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Ik another trifling advance in "White
Beans. Flaxseed Is lower. Otherwise there Is
no change.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 SO® 2 95: Small Whites.
$1 55^1 674; Large Whites, $1 55@1 67^; Pinks,
|2 8002 65 ; Reds, $2 25; Blaokeye, $2 yO<S3;
Butters. $1 40*rl 60; Limas. 52 3555 2 45; Pea,
$1 5601 87%; Red Kidneys. $2<S~2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2ft3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, $3^3 15; Flax. $2 25; Canary Seed,
2^02%C per lb; Alfalfa, 3fti«ic; Rape, 2Vi@2* 4 c;
Hemp, 2%<33c; Timothy, s<g»Vic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@l S5; Oreen, $1 75
<f?2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There was no change In anything: yesterday.
Receipts of all kinds were ample for all needs.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 30333 c; River Reds,
50@60c; River Burbanks, 60® 60c per sack: Ore-
I gon Burbanks, 55@S5c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
! 70c per sack: Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l 10 for
Merced; new Potatoes, l(?<2c per lb. .
ONlONS— Choice, $2 50@2 85; common. $1 75® !
i 2 25 per ctl: cut Onions, 50c@l 25 per sack; |
Oregon?. $2 f.ofi2 73.
' VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1352 boxes As- |
: paragus, 4SI boxes Rhubarb and 708 sacks Peas.
j Asparagus, $1 755?2 for extra large, $1 25@1 50
! per box for No. 1,. 50ciS$l for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25
| ®60c. per box for small to good and 75c for
■ extra choice; Green Peas. 7"<3sl 25 per sack;
\ Dried Peppers, 6<§7c per lb: Dried Okra. 12^c;
1 Cabbage, 65^t:7."c per ctl; Carrots, 25@60c per
I sack; Garlic, vfrlOc per lb; Cucumbers. 25c@
i $1 per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, repack, $I@2
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES— ;
Potatoes, sliced, -raw,. 12<j per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated raw,
i 13c:. Onions, 60c;, Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
| Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
j 25c; String Beans, 30c; -Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens are lower and weak. Otherwise there
is no change.
, POULTRY— Turkeys. ll©l3c for Goh
blers, and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1(81 50: Uosllngs, $2<f?2 50; Ducks, $3 50*54 60 for
old and $:.TiK for young: Hens, $3 50@4; Roos
l ters, young, $7 E0O8; Roosters, old, $3 75@4;
1 Fryers, $G<rj7; Broilers, $4 50@5 50 for large,
$2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75<g2 per
, dozen for younp and $1 25@1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is nothing new worth talking about.
Supplies of Butter and Eggs about balance the
demand.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18V4@19^c; sec
onds, ISc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 17@18%c: second
grades, 14@'16c per lb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16^c;
ladle-picked, 15@16c per lb.
CHEESE— -Choice mild new, 9@loc: common
to good, 7^4@BV4c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern 12&@13Hc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 13(??14c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12@13c; Eastern, 12H«3il3Hc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
About 25 chests of Strawberries came In and
sold off well. 1 Oranges rule firm and a fancy
Navel will bring the top quotation.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— • ii:Ur :
Strawberries. 60@65c per drawer for large and
75c(&$l 25 for small berries.
Apples, 40<g50c per. box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy. . ■
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 23@2 50;
extra fancy, $2 7.Va3; Seedlings, 50c®$l; Lem
ons, 50e(g$l for common and $1 2601 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $4(&'4 50; California
Limes, in small' boxes, 40#50c: Bananas, $1 25
@2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There is no further change to report. The
demand is fair.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots, 3\<3>
4\ic for 40-50" s, 3V4@3%c for 60-60' 2%@3Vic for
60-70's, 2%ra2\c for 70-SO's, 1%@2%c for 80-90'u,
lVif&l^c for 90-100's; Peaches, 3*?sc: fancy, s>^
@6c; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, s@6V4c for Roy
als and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 6Vs@7c; sun-dried. 4@sc;
Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2<£c; -Plums, 4%@4%c
for pitted and l@lHc for unpitted; bleached
Plums, 5(J?5Vic: Nectarines, 4(giSc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%@4%c for quarters 'and 3@SV2C
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— l%@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3'/2c for four-crown, 4V4c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2*Jc for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2V4c
NUTS-^:hestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
; Walnuts. 3@4c for hardshell and 4(jj6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3® 4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, B^fi9a for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4®6%c for Eastern and 4'ic for California; Pc
! cans, 6U<ffSc; Filberts, 8H@10c; Brazil Nuts,
I B@'9c per 11,; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
! for lower prades; water-white extracted, 6%@6c;
i light amber extracted, 4%@5^4c per lb. n
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS. .
Previous prices rule, with a dull market.
CURED MEATS— 9V4c per tti for
heavy, 9%c for light medium. 10% c for light,
lie for extra , light and 12% c for sugar-cured;'
Eastern sugar-cured; Hams, : 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess : Beef, $9 per bbl; ' extra
Mess Beef. $10; Family Beef. Jll@12; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, mess.
$16; Smoked Beef, ll«?12c per rt>. . .
LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at 6%c per Tb
for compound . and 7c for pure; pails, 7\c;
California tierces, s'/4c per Ib for compound
and 6%c for pure; half barrels. 6\c; 10-tb tins,
7 1 4 c; 5-rb tins. - Be. '«n llMia'i"»"""in i!|WlHl"HtfiWJ
COTTOLENE— Tierces, s%@6^c; packages,
less than 300 lt>s— palls, 601n a case. 8"4 c;
3-Ib pails, 20 in a case, B%c;. 5-Tb palls. 12 In a
cane, S>4c; 10-Ib palls, -6 In a case,- BVic; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, I%c; wooden buckets, 20
rbs net. 7%c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 rbs, 7%c per lt>.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
One or two descriptions of Hides are lower.
Otherwise there is nothing new.
Sheepskins are weak.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
S',i(g9e; Stags. sc; salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
Hides, 16@16%c; culls and brands, 13©13Vic;
dry Kip and Veal, 16@16Vic; dry Calf. 18@20c;
culls, 16fM7c; Goatskins, 30@37V4c each; Kids,
KfilOc; Deerskins, good summer, 254t30c per rb;
medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20fj3i)e each; short wool, 40<Jt70c each;
medium, 7QOtoc; long wools, nocffjl 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3(B>3Hc per Ib; No.
2. 2'(i2'~,c; refined, sc; Grease. Zc.
WOOLr-Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free Northern,
12ail3c: Uan>*.rn. defecUve. 9011 c per n>.
HOPS— IB 96 crop. 2®6c for poor to fair and
B@loc for good; 1597 crop, ll@l4o per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6H@"c; second quality.
SH@€c: third quality, 4@sc" per It).
VEAL— Large. 6i36Vic; small, 7(ffiT>4c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, SVi@9c; Ewes, B@SHc
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 9<<iWc per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@3?4c for large and 4c
for medium; stock Hogs. 2<g>2^c; dressed Hogs,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln. $5 SO.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Southfteld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. JG; Cons Bay. %Z 50; Wallsend. $7 SO;
Scotch. |1O; Cumberland, $10 25 ir» bulk and
Jll 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
JH; Cannel, $10 per ton; Kock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12
per ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar KeSnery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners 1 A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, a%c: Extra C, .".Vic: Golden C. 5Hc:
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A. 5%c per
lb; half barrels Me more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, April 16.
Flour, qr sks ... 40,940 iPelts, bdls 43a
Wheat, ctls 48,495 Hides, no 276
Barley, ctls 4,175 Eggs, doz 12,330
Corn, ctls 25 Raisins, bxs 20
Rye. ctls 2,400 Lime, bbls 81
Butter, ctls 278 Wool, bales 85
Cheese, ctls 14 i Hops, bales 107
Beans, sks l.R37iHay, tons 295
Onions, sks 250 Wine, gals 43.900
Bran, sks 1.226 1 Lumber, ft 10,000
Potatoes, sks ... 1.412 Leather, rolls ... 154
Middlings, Bks .. 221;
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 860 Bran, sks 85
Wheat, ctls 420' Hops, bales 107
Oats, ctls 2,930 Onions, sls 250
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 17,900 i Bran, sks 325
Barley, ctls 1,870 Middlings, sks .. 140
Oats, ctls 1, 555 i
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4001
THE STOCK MARKET.
The close of the week found mining stocks
considerably lower than at the close of the
preceding week. In fact, it was the most de
pressed week these securities have seen for
some time.
Trading on the Bond Exchange also fell off
last week, except yesterday, when business
picked up again. The main features were
lower prices for Hawaiian Commercial and
Oceanic Steamship.
The output of ore from the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia last week was 38 tons, of j
the average assay value of $59 46. The amount
of ore extracted during the previous week
was 57 tons, of the average assay value of
$37 34.
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company has re
ceived $2412 as the net proceeds of 4650 pounds
net weight of concentrates treated at Selby's,
and $101*4 in gold coin and silver of the esti
mated value of $520 from the United States
Mint at Carson, Nev., as the net proceeds of
1096 pounds crude bullion shipped to that Mint
from the Nevada mill.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of $3 per share,
payable this week.
The Alice Mining Company of Montana has
declared a dividend of 5 cents, amounting to
$20,000, payable April 27.
The Sacramento Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of % cent, amounting
to $5000, payable April 30.
The South Swansea Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 5 cents, amounting
to $7500, payable April 21.
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend of 10 cents, amounting to
$10.0i)0. April 12.
The Portland Mining Company of Colorado
paid a dividend of IV4 cents, amounting to
$45,000, April 15.
The Vallejo Quicksilver Mining Company of
Napa County has levied an assessment of 1
cent, delinquent May 12.
The delinquent assessment sales of the Ophir
and Crown Point will be held to-morrow.
The annual meeting of the California Beet i
Sugar Estate and Land Company, limited, has j
been called for April 21.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
SATURDAY, April 16—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
U S onds— IM EL Co — 13^
4s quar c0up. .109 109% Oakland Gas.. 40 43
4s quar reg... — 108^4 Pac Gas Imp.. 82 S3
4s quar new...H5%119V2 I'ac L Co — 54
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. S2U —
Cal-rt Cab 55. 113 — San Fran 3Vs —
Cat El 8s 125 — Stock Gas 12 ' —
C C Wat 55... — 108%! Insurance —
Dup-st ex c. — 3SH Flrem's Fund. l9o —
E L & P 65.. 127% — Bank Stocks—
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 116^ Anglo-Cal .... 55 62',
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1..240 250
"I ' & S 5%.. 100 105 Cal S D & T. — 99
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....195 —
Do gntd is.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Market-st 65..126 1 4 — Mer Exchange — 15
Do lit M 55..U0%110% Hot Nat 8...151 155
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97V* Savings Banks—
NCNg Ry 73.102 — Ger S & L.. — 1700
N Ry tal 65.. 109 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal ss..lOOVi— Mutual Say. — 42V4
NPC R R 65. 103 — B V Say U.. — 500
N r PC Ry 55..101 Vi — S & L 50.... — 100
N Cal Ry 55.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Union T Co. 975 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s — 125^ California ....107*4 —
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P& Ch R'- -s. — 110 Market-st .... 50% 51
Powell-st 65. ..116 — Presidio 6 —
Reno "VL&L..IOO — Powder—
SacElec Ry 55.104%105% California ....125 160
SF& Nl' 68.104% — E Dynamite... — 90
SierraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. — 41 ! <;
S P of Ar 65.. 100 102' i V'igorit 2V4 2%
S P Cal 61.... — US Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 9«u, Al Pac Assn.. 96 97
R P Br-fis 110 111 Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65. ..115^116 liana P C 0... — 15
S V Wat 45... 101 — HC & S Co.. 22H 22' i
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 43 ■44
Watei^- Mer Ex Assn. W) —
Contra Costa.. 50 68% Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 44"£ 45
Spring Valley. 99%100 Pac A F L.. lVfc 2V4
Gas 6c Electric— D ac Bor C 0... 99V4 \- '
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. 6V4 —
Morning Session.
B0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 00
50 do do 22 75
125 do do ?2 :.o
5.0 do do 22 00
100 do do 21 50
100 do do 21 75
2fi Market-stroet Railway 5100
$5i)00 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 110 50
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 45 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 00
65 do do 82 50
30 Spring Valley Water 90 62*
71 do do 99 50"
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 115 50
$1000 S P of A Bonds 102 00
$4000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 110 50
INVESTMENT TOARD.
Morning Session.
20 Giant Powder 40 00
r»0 Hawaiian C & S Co 22 50
50 do do 22 00
50 do do 21 50
MINING STOCKS.
Highest rices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock. IM.I T. I W. jT.I F. I S.~
AlpbH 06] 06 06 1 ! 05| 06* 05
Alta 20 22 29| 27 1 25 24
Andes 16 IS 13 13 12 13
Belcher 20 18 15 17 15 14
Beat & Belcher 4SI 45 39 38 36 35
Bullion 05 05| 05 04 02 03
Caledonia 24 2b 22 20
Challenge I 26 24 1 221 20 19 18
(■hollar | 411 39 35 35 30 32
Con Cal & Va 11.05J1.00 88 80 78 76
Confidence I 65 i 67 63|
Crown Point 20j 201 17 16 12 1 13
Gould & Curry 21 20 IE 16 13; 26
Hale & Norcross 95 91 80 73 731 71
Movlcan 35 33 28 26\ 22| 17
Ophlr 74 68 65 62 581 57
Overman OS, 07 06 06 071 06
Occidental 2.95>2.80 2. 50 2. 50 2.80|2.80
Potosl 39; 36 31i 39 35! 41
Ravage 22 20 171 18 IB lv
Standard I.SSfI.M 1.65 1.60 1.60 I.M
Sierra Nevada 1.35 1.25 92 85 7Rj 75
Union 37 35 32 27 2fii 24
Utah 09 09 06 04 04 09
Yellow Jacket 19 1 17 15 14 1 13 12
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta 24 100 Mexican 17
200 Andes 12 100 Ophlr 57
300 Best & Belcher. 3." 100 f.6
100 Chollar 30 300 Potosl 38
400 Gould & Curry •• 26 500 Sierra Nevada.. 75
150 Hale & Norcrs. 71 100 74
200 Justice 14 100 73
I f.OO MS 100 Union Con- 24
! 400 18 100 Yellow jacket... 11
800 Vl
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Alta 23 400 Ophlr 56
200 22 500 Potosl 38
300 Best & Belcher. 3G 400 37
500 Bullion 04 300 39
400 Chollar 33 300 41
1200 Con Cal & Va. 77 300 42
700 ''6 700 43
400 75 300 Savage 15
400 Crown Point ... 15 300 16
300 Gould & Curry- 27 400 Sierra Nevada... 73
200 Hale & Norcrs. 72 300 73
200 ...: 71300 72
900 Justice 15 200 Union Con 24
200 14 200 Yellow Jacket... 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 16—12 m.
Bid. Ask.: Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Julia 01 02
Alta 28 24 i Justice 15 16
Andes 13 14|Kentuck r. 01 03
Belcher 14 lolLady Wash ... — 03
Benton Con .... — 30 1 Mexican 1 IS
Best & Belchr. 35 36 Occidental ...2 75 —
Bullion 03 04|Ophlr t>6 57
CalMonta — 16 ' Overman 06 07
Chollar 32 33'Potosi 41 42'
Challenge Con. 18 SOlSavage 15 16
Con Cal & Va. 76 77iSeg Belcher.... 03 04
Confidence - 59 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 74 —
Crown Point .. 13 14 Silver Hill - 02 j
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate - 05 I
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 160 —
Exchequer — 05 Union Con — 24 2o
Gould & Curry. 25 26 Utah 09 11
Hale & Norcrs. 70 71 Yellow Jacket. 12 13
■ » i ■ —
WANTS COMMON SENSE.
French literature wants the saving
element of common sense. Nothing
could be more brilliant than Victor
Hugo in 1830. His verse flashes like
the white plume of Navarre. His was
the most famous charge in literature.
The courage and brilliancy of "Her- j
nani" and "Ruy Bias" are prodigious, '<
but they lack common sense. They j
conquer, win deafening applause, be
wilder men with excitement, but, vie- j
tory won, they have not the aptitude
for settling down. The great French
literature of the romantic period did
not dig foundation, slap on mortar or
lay arches in the cellars of its house
after the English fashion.
Next to Victor Hugo, not counting
Goethe, the greatest man of letters in
Europe of this century is Sir Walter
Scott. Mark the difference between
him and Hugo. Scott's poetry and no
vels have a vigorous vitality from his
common sense, and therefore they are
ingrained in the trunk of English lit
erature; the fresh sap of their romance
quickens every root and adds greenery
to every bough. Victor Hugo is pas
sionate, imaginative, majestic, power
ful, eloquent, demagogical, but he does
not stand the hard test of squaring
with the experience of common men. —
March Atlantic.
"Well, James, how are you feeling to
day?" said the minister to one or his
parishioners, an old man suffering from
chronic rheumatism. "You are not look
ing as brisk as usual."
"Na, sir," replied the old fellow sadly,
"I've been gey unfortinit the day."
"How, James?"
"Weel, sir, I got a letter fra a Glasco
lawyer body this mornln' tellin' me tha
ma cousin Jock was died, an' that he had
left me twa hunner poun'."
"Two hundred pounds," repeated the
minister. "And do you call that hard
luck? Why, it is quite a fortune for you,
James."
"Ay," said the old man sorrowfully,
"but the stipid lawyer body dinna pit
eneuch stamps on his letter, an' I had a
hale saxpence to pey for extra postage."
— Lewiston (Me.) journal.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, IS9B.
Th.
Moon's Phases.
4
11
v
IT
"5"
15
1
6
2
I 9
16
30
©Full Moon.
April 6.
/*g- Last Quarter
% April 13.
j^v New Moon,
VP April 20.
■^ First Quarter,
R
■•
NOTICE TO MARI-.ER3.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are coi lally Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are- kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean coir.merce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
eraph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes teforo
noon and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time i-• giving the error. If any. Is
published the Fame day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlncr papers th<» follow
ing day. W. R HUGHES.
Lieutenant. T7. S. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and lielghts of High and Ixiw
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street what*) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
APRIL- 1838.
Sunday, April 17.
Sun rises 5:30
Sun sets 9:47
Moon rises. 1:28 a.m.
£JTlme| Feet ! Tlme| Peet |Tlmej Feet |Time! Fee.
rIL W H Wi , L W iH Wl
1 3:411
U 4:17
20 4:57
21 5:3S
22 6:19
H W
23, 0:00
1
0.2 i
-0.1
—0.2
; 9:01
10: lX)
10:53
11:42
12:30
I:2U
L W
7:00
4.1 3:(12i
6.0 S:4O
5.C 4:15
4.8 4:4S
4.6 5:20
4.3 5:51
H W
-0.2 2:12
1.01 9:30 5.4
1.3 1 10:02 !>.6
1.7 10::<2 5.r
2.1 11:02 5.T
2.5 11:30 5.6
2.8
!l w
4.1 i fi:24 3.1
5.4
NOT3 — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the orcer of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the (lay, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or light hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
•nd th*n the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference la the mean of ti lower low water*.
STUAMEK9 TO AUUIVK.
'onus... . IChlna ana Japan
oos Bay iNewport..
rmatlJla • Victoria * Pucret Sna. ....
rescent City. I Crescent City .....
irlzaba .. . Humooldt
, Hceßlanchard Seattle . . .
Vi-eotr .. ..... Humboldt
'omona.. San Diego
ity of Rio ChiDa and Japan
fewport....... Panama ....-,
amoa .... Humboldt
ircaia Coos 8ay........
Implre ...... Coos Bay*
tate or Cai Portiana
le veland ...... Seattle :
lomer Humboldt
lacklnaw..... Tacoma
Velllnirton.... UeDarture Bay
hllkat ... Humboldt . .................
Jlty PueOia.. . Victoria and Puget Sound
Jorth Foru uumooiat..-.
•anta Rosa.... Pan Dlesro
>reg0n ....... . . Portland — ...............
1umb01dt....... I A1a5ka.......... ...■•■■
ity of
\pr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
ADr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
I Apr
I Apr
STICV3IEKS TO SAIL.
,MER. ! DESTIXATiOV!
SAILS.
ant» Kosa'San Dieeo .... |Apr 17. 11 am Pier U
lortnPorkjHumboldt. .. «.pr 18. aam Pier 3
(reiroii iPortlana !Apr 18.10 am Pier 12
itvof Para i Panama Apr IS. 12 ■ PM SS
:ooh «ay.. Apr 1». 9 am Pier 11
ilaineUa .. i Sydney Apr 20, 2 pm I Pier 7
(riz.iba.. .. Ihumbolilt .... Apr -1). 10 am i Pier 9
Lrcat.i ... Ooos Bay Apr 21. 10 am Pier U
imaUUa. . Vie & Ppt Sna Apr :i. 10 am Pier '.)
'omona.. |San Dieeo... |Apr 21. llA>!Pler W
Lfilanrlird {Vaqulna Bay.: Apr 21. 3 PMjPler 13
Veeott Humhoidt. ... Apr 22, HAMIPIer U
itate of Cal I Portland Ap:- 2:t. 10 am Pier ii
lomor. . IHumboldt ... Apr 23. a am j Pier 11
leveland.. IPuset Sound. Apr 'X i
'n u s IChlna&Japan Apr 2<i. 1 PMIPM 83
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
rhanf? 1 Exchange. San Francisco April
16, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. J. T. McMTLLAN.
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING IKTELLIGESCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. April 16. I
Stmr Jewel. Madsen. fi2 hours from Newport. ;
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, 32 hours from Ta- !
coma. _. ,
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. oVi days
from Departure Bay.
Ship Luclle, Anderson. E^ days from Seattle,
via Port Angeles 71..7 1 .. da -
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, 3 days from Coos
Bchr J M Colman. Treanor, 7 days from Co- ;
lumbia River.
Schr Lottie Carson, Anderson, 14 days from
Newport. _ _
Frhr Sadie, Smith. 5<4 uavs from Grays H&r- ;
Schr Monterey, Jacobs, 70 hours from Yen- |
U S. a tir Honolulu, Thonagel, 32 days from Hako- j
date.
CLEARED
Saturday, April 16.
Br stmr Mount Tabor. Jameson. Portland ; H
J Knowles.
Stmr Morgan City. Dillen. Seattle; Johnson-
Locke Mercantile Ci>.
S"nr Oregon. Stephens, Portland; Oregon i
Railway and Nay Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego; i
Goodall, Perkins & Co. J
Br ship Manydown. Robertson. Queenstown,
via Port Townsenrt ; G W McNear.
Whal bark Gayhead, Foley, whaling voyage;
J A Magee Jr.
Haw bark Mauna Ala, Smith, Honolulu; J D
6preckels & Bros Co.
Schr Rattler. Pierson, Prince William Sound
and Cooks Inlet; W H Pierson.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 18.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanaimo.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend. *
Stmr Morgan City. Dillon, Seattle.
Stir* Sunol. Dettmers, Unalaska.
Haw stmr Aztec, Trask, Hongkong via Yo
kohama.
Br ship Kate Thomas, Queenstown.
Ship Oriental, Parker, Bristol Bay.
Ship Bohemia, Whalman, Bristol Bay.
Bark Wilna, Slater. Vladivostok.
Whal bark Gayhead, Foley. whaling.
B: b;irk Inverfcoe, Lewis. Queenstown.
Bark Will W Case, Thomsen, Bristol Bay.
s in- Western Home. Nllson, Coos Bay.
Sehr Fortuna, Rosich, Eureka.
Schr Lottie Carson, Anderson, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 16, 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity. 30 miles.
CHARTERS.
The J N Ingalls loads mdse for Mazatlan and
San Bias: Elwell, coal at a British Columbian
port for St Michael; Snow and Burgess, lum
ber on the Sound for Sydney, 455.
SPOKEN.
Per Sadie— April 13 about 30 miles SW at Coos
Ba schr Mary Taylor with ">2O sealskins.
MEMORANDUM.
The schr Lottie Carson from Newport bound
for Eureka put in on account of carrying away
forestay April 14, 50 miles SW of the Farallon
Islands in a strong NW gale.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
Per schr Webfoot — While coming to an an
chor off Black Point lost both anchors, and in
drifting up the bay collided with the Br bark
Invercoe off Vallejo-street wharf and had rail
and rigging on starboard side damaged. Was
towrd clear by tug Sea Witch.
DUNKIRK— ApriI 15— Br ship Wanderer, frm
Tacoma. previously reported ashore, has been
driven further up the shore: nearly 10<V) tons
of cargo discharged: no hope of floating her un
til completely discharged.
LONDON. April 15— Or bark Schiffbek, from
Hamburg for Santa Rosalia, anchored near
Ramsgate, slightly damaged by collision.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed April 13— Nor stmr Peter
Jebsen, from Nanaimo. for Port Los Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived Aril 16 — Stmr Samoa, hno
April 14.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 16— Stmr City of
Topeka, from Seattle.
Sailed April 16— Schr Maggie C Russ, for Moa«
Landing.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 16— Stmr Lakme,
from Dyea. »
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 16— Schr Nokc- -W
mis, for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed Aril 16— Br stmr Welling*
ton. henc> April 13. for Nanaimo.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 16— Schr C 3
Holmes, from Port "lakeley.
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 16— Stmr Westport,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed April 16— Schr Nokomis,
from Port Gamble, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 16— Schr Coos Bay,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 16— Stm
Mineola. from Comox.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 16— Schr Serena
Thayer, for San Pedro; schr Sparrow, for San
Francisco; schr Halcyon, for Newport; bktn
Uncle John, for Newport.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed April 16— Stmr Marlposa,
for San Francisco.
SALAVERRY— SaiIed March 6 — Br barfc
Knight Commander, for Vancouver.
COLON— Sailed April 15— Stmr Advance, tot
New York.
HAVRE— Arrived „• nril 14— Br ship Foyledal«
from Tacoma.
LA ROCHELLE— Arrived April s— Fr ship
Aetree, hence Nov 20.
PANAMA— Arrived April 2— Stmr Acapulco,
hence March 8; stmr Costa Rica, from Cham
perlco. April 6— Haw stmr Barracouta, from
Champerico.
ST NAZAlßE— Arrived April 12— Fr bark
Jules Verne, hence Dec 1.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived April 16— Stmr
Kensington, from London.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 16— Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton; stmr Patria, train Ham
burg.
HAVRE— Sailed April It?— Stmr La Normandie
for New York.
SOI THAMPTON— SaiIed April 16— Stmr St.
Louis, for New York; stmr New York, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 16— Stmr Tauric,
from New York. ,
Sailed April 16 — Stmr "-He, for New York.
OCEAH TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
wNi^^ Steamers leave Broadway i
BBKHfSfe. wharf, San Francisco: k
fctl>i*f»lj&33»«» For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
' IfflMvE^ iril 1, 6. 11, 16, 21, 26, May 1. '
I 9A!3f v«l transfer at Seattle.
HT^ni^ For Alaskan ports (from
• /"^U^CTM Spear Ftreet wharf). 10 a. m..
--^"tWHJ, April 8, 18. 23, May 3, transfer
■"« at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Bend Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1. 6.
11 16 21 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after' connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
April 2, 8. 14. 20. 26. May 2. and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
' Cayucos, Port Harf ord (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angele*> and
i Newport. 9 a. m.. April 3, 7, 11. 15. 19. 23. 27.
i May 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
: ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
i Los Angeles . and . Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
I a. m., April 1, 5, 9. 13. 17. 21, 25. 29. May 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joce del
Cabo Mazatfan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
I lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., April 12.
: and »d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE — New Montgomery street
(Palace ALL? PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
GOOD ALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class Includins Berth
rMriL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon... • April 18. 27
Columbia. : April .1. 30
State of California April 2i. May 3
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to c w Gen6rai Agmt
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fHZB&BMfjja The S.S. ALAMEPA
rSSfetUiShiiiiL sails via Honolulu and
graaii* Auckland for Sydney
M™ -: —^ Wednesday. April 20. ,
% — PN at 2p. m. /f /
>,IwnKßincJ S. S. zealandia. I.
G)lCdilljlll r < - / for HONOLULU only,
(nrnFlWU* Wednesday. May 4,
lOllljC/UlWp 2 p. m. Special party
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN South Africa.
J D.'SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
J 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre. ,
Company's Pier (new) 42 orth -,^s^
River foot of Morton Bt. Travelers jTfT>
by this line avoid both transit by i^=»-Krts»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. • New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160;
second class. $116. - ■
LA GASCOGNE April 23. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE • May 7, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE ..May 21, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. ■. '■, -.-':.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio. Pc: -oylvania. Illinois, Indl- ■
j ana, 3400 tons. Conemaugh. Hutt tons (furmerly
' in the trans- Atlantic service of the American
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio, June 15. S. S. Indiana, June 22. j
S. S. Pennsylva- a June 29. for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fleet of new and
1 modern steamers and »barges on the Yukon
i River, through to Dawson City and, interme-
; diate points. For passage and freight apply f»
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
•30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
FOR 1). S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
I Mon., Tues., Wed.. .Thurs. and 5at......
I 9:45 a. m.. 3:la p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs )
I Fridays ..1 p. ni. and 8:30 p. m '
; Sundays 10:30 a. m. and S p ta.
Landing. and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2
- :■ Telejhone. Red 2241. -J
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS GATOS SANTA 1^
btean.er Aiviso leaves^ 'lier. 1 daily (Sunday* '
| excepted) at 10 a. m.: Aiviso daily (Saturdays '
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers
Fare between San Francisco and Aiviso 50o-
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nortli
First street. San Jose. ™*PAGE OF STORIES - by - Our Boys
TOM'S RIDE
UPON A
BALLOON.
BY FRANK HARROLD.
SAN FRANCSCO.
THJSRE was great excitement in
the little country town of Vernon.
Everybody was all in a llutter to
the great balloon that had come
that day. Boat up into the air with a
load of human freight. The balloonist
had set his tent In a field, and was go-
Ing to make ascensions on the follow
lay. The next morning, bright and
early, there had •■ sembled around
Farmer Thomps n's field a crowd of
«. ;id children of the little
■.a t" witness the spectacle, which
was t>> them very rare. The great bal
loon was already filled with gas, and
was tugging at a large cable which
was attached to a small engine.
"Any one who wishes to ride will pay
fifty cents," Bhouted the balloonist.
The basket was *<»jn full. Several as
censions were successfully made and
thi- basket was full every time. Hut It
began to grow windy after awhile: and
the way the balloon tugged and Jerked
was enough to frighten the timid. As
v continued to <nrow more and more
windy, the aerona- t announced that he
would make only '>ne more ascension.
Now, there was one little boy in that
crowd wh.i had a great lovt- for ad
venture an ; daring. This was Tom
TOM RAYMOND'S PERILOUS RIDE IN A RUNAWAY BALLOON.
Raymond. He thought that if he
should go up in the balloon when the
wind blew so hard everybody would
think him very brave.
11-- put his hand Into his pocket.
Yes, he just hi i -. which he had
t'..t for chopping wood for a n lehbor
that morning. Qp lie strutted to the
balloonist and handed him the 50 cents.
The man looked closely at him. !f little
bey onl*' 12 years » »1 < 1 offering to go v
alone in a balloon, tor nobody else
v ould venture then.
•(',,. ahead, said the man, "but
mind you hold <>n."
"All ris-'ht. sir, " Bald Tom, radiant
with the thought of being all alone.
The enpin.- was started one- more
end the ballocn rose with Tom. rjp f
vp. up, until the people looked like
brownies, with heads all turned toward
him. "How brave they think I am tol
venture uj though! Tom. But
just th'-n a great L-'ist of wind came,
which made the- balloon li>; over on its
Bide.
Tom clung to the ropes like a leech
until the balkon righted. Th"n to his
horror he saw that tin- edges of the
feole in the bo .om of the balloon's
basket, where the cable passes through,
had worn the cable a , Teat deal. As
the wind was continually rising the
balloon swayed fr r* side to side, every
time grinding th : cable against the
sides of the Holes and wearing it away.
The ball ><>nist did not know of this or
be should not have let Tom go up.
"Pull mo "own as quick as you can,"
shouted Tom at the top of his voice.
Tli.- balloonist, being used to hearing
from a distance, understood Tom and
gave the ord^r to his assistant.
AH the power of the engine was ex
erted, the balloonist thin-king that Tmn
had become dizzy and that he might
fall from the basket Suddenly there
c-ime another and a stronger gust,
J iking the balloon about terribly.
Then came another, which was fol
lowed by a great bang like the report
of a rifle. The < :il>]>- had snapped and
the balloon shot upward in the air like
en arrow from a bow.
A terrific shout went up from below.
The aeronaut snatched up a speaking
trumpet from the cord and shouted:
Pull the valve cord! Pull the valve
( ■] and savo your \\i<-. buy!"
■r Tom! He clung to the ropes
with all his strength and then could
hardly stay with th<- balloon. A thou
sand thoughts flashed through his
mind. Ho thought about his mother,
who had told him not to do anything
hazardous without her consent Bot
the words of the balloon owner aroused
him. Where was the cord?
He held on with one hand and with
THE BOY AT LARGE,
\V!icre the pools are bright and deep,
Where the gray trout lies asleep,
Up the river and o'er the lea,
That's the way for Billy and me—
Where the hazel bank is steepest,
Where the shadow falls the deepest,
Where the clustering nuts fall free—
That's the way for Billy and me.
THE BOY ON THE FARM.
JAMES WHITCOMB RILEY.
I'd he the gladdest boy alive
If I knowed much as that
An' ould stand up and like him drive
An' i>t push back my hat,
Like he comes skallyhootin' through
Our alley, with one arm
A-wavin 1 i'are-ye-wcll! to you —
Thf boy lives on our farm.
the other grabbed at every rope ami
cord In Bight By this time he was far
from the people and was Rearing along
in the air over fields far away from
the dear ones at home.
At Umee the wind would bear down
nn the balloon, and at other times the
balloon would start up as if to pierce
the heavens. At last Tom's grasp was
laid "ii a thin cord which was flapping
about wildly and he pulled it. A
strong hissing sound followed which
Beared Tom and then the thought came
t.> him that he had discovered the valve
cord! He uttered a thanksgiving as he
again pulled it. The balloon at last
: .1 its loss of gas and stopped ris
intr, but did not lower any. except from
the "md. He pave another pull and
felt the balloon descending. A cry of
joy escaped his lips, and he pulled stili
harder. The balloon, of course, losing
bo much gas, 1 iscended rapidly, fright
ening Tom so much as to make him
o of the cord.
When the balloon got within a hun-
dred feet of the ground it fe.l no more,
but swept rapidly along through the
air. Tom dared not pull the cord any
more for fear of the balloon collapsing
on top of some tree. On swept the bal
loon. Xearing a great poplar tree Tom
thought his end had come.
As the balloon neared the tree it rose
gradually and the basket brushed
among the uppermost br: "ches only.
Hut as the balloon was drawing
away a retnnant of the cable hanging
below caught in the- branches and held
the balloon fast. The balloon being too
weak now to do much -••lllng floated
around the tree with the wind and at
last Tom was safe on the solid
ground. But then his strength was all
gone and he fainted.
He was aoon found by a party of
"HE BURNED THE BRIDGE."
men who had followed the balloon.
They took him home. He learned by
his trouble to always get his mother's
consent before he did any hazardous
action.
JAMES HOGG.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
THE WRECK
OF A TRAIN
BY FLOYD SMITH
SAN FRANCISCO*
IN the spring of 1882 a special freight
train started from Casa Grande to
Yuma. There were twenty-four
empty boxcars, one car of merchan
dise and one of cartridges and powder
for Fort Yuma. After passing Mohawk
Summit for a few miles the road is
nearly level to Yuma. The crew had
been out eighteen hours and were near
ly all tired out. They had left Yuma
in the morning and were returning
with the special train. The train was
running very fast after leaving the
summit and the fireman, being worn
out, asked the head brakeman to fire
for him, after which • the exhausted
man fell asleep on the seat.
The speed across the fiat was about
twenty miles an hour. This part of
the road was raised three or four feet
by banks of sand. The brakeman was
shoveling coal into the fire very fast,
when suddenly the engineer called,
"The bridge is burnt," and jumped out
of the window. The brakeman, drop
ping his shovel, shouted to the fire-
THE CRITICAL MOMENT ARRIVES AND FRANK KIMBALL STANDS BEFORE A FIRING SQUAD.
man, "EJ. Ed," as he jumped from the
gangway.
Many thoughts passed through the
brakeman's head as he turned over
and over. He could see and hear cars
mashing, jamming and piling on top of
each other and he wondered what had
become of the fireman. When he
stopped rolling he thought he was
killed. The engine and twenty-four
cars had piled up in the creek and he
was under the whole mass of burning,
creaking cars. He managed to crawl
out without help, getting nothing but a
slight scratch. He thought of the fire
man again, and with the help of the
other hands "Ed" was extricated from
under the burning mass. When taken
out the fireman's clothing was all on
fire and he was burned so badly that
he died shortly after.
The engineer had got out through
the window and was slightly scalded.
The two brakemen and the conduc
tor who were in the caboose were bad
ly shaken up, but not seriously in
jured.
The bridge was a thirty-two-foot
trestle, and in some manner the tim
bers had all been burned from under
neath. When the engine struck the
bed it was going very fast. The pilot
hit the bank on the other side so hard
that the engine turned right over on
its back.
After the fireman had been taken out
the men uncoupled the caboose and
ran it away from the other cars, which
were on fire. They tried to get the car
with the cartridges and powder away,
but could not, as it was on the edge of
the creek and pulled tight by the cou
pling of the other cars. The men,
never thinking of the danger of the
powder getting lighted by a spark,
opened the car and put the powder and
cartridges into the end farthest from
the fire. Then they worked very hard
until they had covered the car with
sand. Of course this was slow work,
and one end of it was badly burned.
Not until the work was over did they
realize that at any moment they might
have all been blown up.
A man was then dispatched toYuma,
about eight miles away. At 6 o'clock
in the morning the wrecking train ar
rived. The Yuma Indians came to get
what booty they could, but they were
peaceable and disturbed no one.
The tired men had to lay another
track around the wreck so that the
regular trains could pass.
It was an experience none wanted to
repeat, and r . connected therewith
were so frightened that they never re
called the accident without a shudder.
This is a true story-
The war spirit has evidently taken
strong hold upon the boys. The stories
by the girls deal with much milder
themes. They are varied and pleasing.
The names of the judges will be an
nounced next Sunday.
BOSE SAVED
HIS
MASTER.
BY FRANK McCARTHY,
LOS. ANGELES.
GOOD-BY, Bose; God bless you;
now go!" .
The speaker was an American
boy in Cuba. He was born of
Spanish parents in California. He
had reached Cuba as a stowaway. His
skin was dark. He sp. ke Spanish flu
ently. The Spaniards in Havana took
him for a Cuban. He was brought be
fore a man In uniform, who asked him
some questions and then ordered that
he should be sent to one of the camps
of reconcentradoß. Frank Kimball was
not the boy to be downcast even there,
surrounded by starving men, women
and children. To repay his courage
Base, a dog that had voyaged with him
also as a stowaway from Key West to
Havana, found his way to the recon
centrado camp.
Frank Kimball's friends did not know
what had become of him. The captain
of the American steamer Starlight
would help him, he knew, if possible.
Frank had already seen enough of
Cuba to satisfy his curiosity. Here was
Bose! Frank threw his arms around
the dog's neck whsn his canine friend
came to him in his trouble. Quick
witted, the lad hastily penciled a note
and fastened it beneath the dog's col
lar. "Good-by, Bose; God bless you;
now go!"
The dog seemed to understand the
boy. It was dusk and no sentinel no
ticed what had happened. Hardly had
Frank ceased to speak when the dog
disappeared in the gathering shades of
night. Straightway Bose found his
way to Havana; as promptly he plung
ed overboard, and under the frowning
guns of Morro Castle swam to the
Starlight as she lay in the stream.
Luckily the dog was seen and was
taken on board.
Bose would not be kept out of the
captain's cabin. Hs scratched at the
door until Captain Newcomb heard
him. The dog acted so strangely and
was so much excited that Captain
Newcomb knew that something was
the matter.
"Bose, where is Frank?" asked the
captain.
The dog knew- the name of Frank
and barked. Captain Newcomb, who
had worried because Frank, to whom
he had taken a strong fancy, had not
returned to the Starlight, watched
Bose carefully. He saw a piece of pa
per under the dog's collar.
"This is bad," he said as he read
what Frank had written. "There is
no time to be lost. I have heard that
the Spaniards will shoot suspects to
morrow. Perhaps he is threatened."
An hour later the bell of the 'Ameri
can Consular Office in Havana was
rung. Consul General Lee came to the
door. Captain Newcomb told what he
wanted. General Lee went with Cap
tain Newcomb to the office of General
■ — , the Spanish commander in
chief. There a pass was procured for
Captain Newcomb and an order to the
commandant at the camp.
"Speed," said General Lee, "for the
boy will be shot at daybreak, unless
you get there in time."
At daybreak Frank Kimball was
marched, with several others, to a wall
to be shot.
"Hurrah for the American flag,"
shouted Frank in the presence of im
pending death.
The Spanish officer scowled.
"Ready!" he commant! jd, and the
rifles of the guard came to a deadly
aim.
My country, 'tis of thee,
Sweet land of liberty.
Clear and strong the words and mel
ody rang on the damp morning air.
The Spanish commandant raised his
sword.
"Fire!" he said. -But at that moment
Captain Newcomb came upon \ the
scene. He shouted, when at some dis
tance, and the soldiers, hesitated. That
pause saved Frank's life. : : ... -. •.
Captain Newcomb, breathless, hand
ed the "general's order . to the com
mandant. Scowling, that officer or
dered ; that Frank should be set free.
As Frank went away a volley told him
that his late comrades in : misery had
fallen. \ ' ■". '.':.:. ■' V '.~ t ';f~ ; ,
Bose received more hugs and I his
. head was , patted . v more " times \ than
could be counted., when Frank saw him
once more. He had saved • his . young
master's life. • ■ . . .
■■•>^;-. •■-•'.--■•; -.". -... ■•.-• - ■■■- -..'-,
The boy writers who have their
stories published m competition with;
the . stories written rby the girls - t this
morning r make their collective; bow to
the readers of The Call and there' is no ,
doubt that the gicls will read every
word the boys I have ; penned and : will ,
wonder , how • their ?., page will compare '
.—--••' •- --- ' ■ ■* ■•- ;.
THE CHRISTMAS BOY.
EUGENE FIELD.
Father calls me William, sister calls me Will,
Mother calls 'me Willie, but the fellers call me Bill.
Mighty glad I ain't a girl — rather be a boy
Without them sashes, curls and thingsthat's worn by Fauntleroy.
Love to chaw green apples and go swimmin' in the lake;
Hate to take the castor-ile they give for belly-ache.
'Most all the time, the whole year round, there ain't no flies on me;
But just 'fore Christmas I'm as good as I kin be.
PALE FACE
WAS BRAVE.
BY ALFRED LAWSON,
SEATTLE.
WHITE boy no good. Indian boy
brave. Pale face boy weak like
girl.
I will own that this stung my pride.
I was passing the summer on an In
dian reservation in the Northwest,
and, being a good shot, a fast runner,
a deep diver and a passably good
horseman, I thought that I had the re
spect of the Indians. But here was an
Indian boy, younger than myself,
taunting me with being weak and also
a coward!
"Have a care, Buffalo!" I said. "Per
haps you will know more soon!"
"Ugh!" that was all the answer the
Indian boy would make. I did not say
any more then, but held my temper
and waited.
Huffalo and I went out hunting to
gether not many days after this con
versation. Both had fine horses, and
we \*ere well armed with the best re
peating 1 rifles. We soon struck the
trail of a deer and rode after it hot and
fast. Soon the track of another deer
joined in with those of the first one,
and it was clear hat they were going
toward water or a halt lick, and that
there would be a herd of deer there.
The horses scented the game, and,
with wide nostrils, took in the spirit of
the chase.
I was on my mettle. The words of
Buffalo had not ceased to rankle. I
pushed on and soon had the satisfac
tion of seeing the Indian boy losing
ground. Now my horse was a nose
ahead; now a length: then I lost ';ight
of Buffalo. I knew that I had a better
mount than he had — but not much bet
ter. He quickened his pace, and the
sound of his horse's hoofs came nearer.
Suddenly I realized that I was alone.
Turning in my saddle I saw that Buf
falo's horse had fallen and that he was
down.
Buffalo was smiling when I rode back
to where he was. He could not move.
He had broken some bones. His horse
had a broken leg, having s ppec! into
a prairie do-g's hole while going at full
speed. Twenty long miles to the Indian
camp and only one horse to carry us!
Not one! As I leaped from the saddle
and went to Buffalo to help him a
low, moaning sound came across the
country lying between us and the
buttes beyond. My horse pricked up his
ears, sniffed the air sharply and turn
ed and ran off, homeward bound, and
we two were alone on the plain; one
of us hopelessly disabled and some sort
of wild beast or wild beasts co-ming.
"Wolves! White boy save himself!"
Buffalo smiled even as he told me to
go away and leave him to his fate,
which would be to be torn to pieces by
wolves while still alive.
"Can you use your arms, Buffalo?"
"Yes, I will do very well. Follow
your horse and be safe."
I made no reply. The time had come
to satisfy the Indian concerning my
courage. Half an hour passed before
the wolves were up on us; but it seem
ed an age. I was standing and Buf
falo was sitting when the brutes began
to circle around us, looking for a safe
place to make their attack. They were
hungry, half-famished brutes and as
fierce as one can imagine them to have
been. There were at least fifty of them.
They howled and snapped, their teeth
horribly.
Although Buffalo was in great pain
with his broken bones, his aim was per
fect. He smiled as wolf after wolf fell
before his bullets. But the continual
banging did not scare the wolves. They
were after Buffalo's dead horse, which
might be better to eat than their fallen
comrades.
Before our bullets were all gone two
wolves attacked Buffalo. With a shout
I leaped to his side and rained blows
about me with the butt < f Buffalo's
rilie upon their skulls. They tore my
face and hands and stripped my cloth
ing. My strength was failing as my
Edited By
DAVID H. WALKER
blood flowed fro-m many a wound. Buf
falo was growing weak.
Crack! Crack! Crack!
Help had come. Indian braves rode
up, firing as they came. The wolves
were at last frightened and ran. That
night we were once more in camp.
Had I proved my courage enough to
please Buffalo? "White boy just as
good as Indian boy," he said, as we re
clined by the campflre a fortnight later.
A BOY'S PLAN
BY GUSSIE TAYLOR,
BERKELEY.
IF there is going to be any war in
Cuba count me and Spot in. Spot is
my big dog and when I "sick" him
on he is a terror to evil doers. That
CHARLIE IS PULLED UP AFTER A FALL OVER THE PRECIPICE
is what my papa says. I am 6 years
old. I live in Berkeley ai.d have often
seen the university boys parade. When
they fire off their cannon, my! don't it
make a loud bang? I can't fire a can
non, or march very far, but I can ride
a pony and carry an American flag
and set Spot on the Spanish general.
He'd be a brave man who wouldn't be
afraid of Spot when he is mad — Spot
I mean! Then when the general runs
away his men will run away, too, and
then it will be easy to win the fight.
Hurrah for Uncle Sam!
THESE ARE THE QUESTIONS.
Is the boys' page or the girls' page
the better?
Do the two pages show that there
is any literary superiority in sex in
children?
The opinions of the judges will be
"BUFFALO" WITH HIS WAR PAINT ON.
printed in full. The request is here
made that the opinions may be briefly
written on account of space. The com
petition has begun. Will the victory
go to the boys or to the girls?
LITTLE BOW-LEG BOY.
If ever the doctor-man comes my way
With his wonderful box in his two-wheel shay,
I'll ask for the treasure I'd fain possess;
Now, honest Injun! Can't you guess?
Why, a cute little boy —
A funny little boy —
A dear little bow-leg boy.
THE PERIL
OF A
MOUNTAIN.
BY HOWARD BLACKMAR,
BERKELEY.
i*"^ HARLIE and I were tramping In
the Sierras two years ago. We
Uwere just out of the — - High
School, and we thought that we
were bi" 1 enough to look uut for
ourselves. We went up on the -cars to
Inyo County and there unloaded our
traps and started on foot with a pack
mule to carry our tent and camp outfit
and provisions over to Mount Whitney,
which loomed up immensely in the dis
tance.
Charlie knew a manat Independence,
and he agreed to be our guide just for
friendship's sake. He had known
Charlie's father and mine also. "So,"
he said, "it seemed as if he was to go
along with his own, some way. "
Of course we were glad enough to
have him with us, for when we really
saw Mount Whitney, it seemed easy to
get lost there, notwithstanding the well
beaten .trails.
We never got to the top of Whitney.
We went up the mountain some dis
tance and camped. The very night we
made camp Bill disappeared. He left
his gun and some other belongings. We
followed down the trail some distance
the next morning to look for Bill. Two
miles from camp we came to fresh
tracks made by a bear. After going
another mile down the mountain we
saw blood. Then a little farther on
were signs of a struggle. The bushes
were broken and there were rags of
cloth and tufts of hair.
"Man arid bear fight," said Charlie.
That was my idea of it. There was
n<> difficulty in following the course of
the battle. The bushes and grass
looked as if some heavy body or bodies
had rolled down the steep grade. We
followed on until we came to a high
precipice. There was no doubt that
something had fallen over here into a
deep ravine below. A rag fluttered "on
a twig hanging over the precipice. The
rag was brown, the color of Bill's
hunting coat! And Bill? We looked at
each other with dread. Had- Bill fallen
over the precipice? If not, where was
he?
Charlie was game all through.
"I am going over the cliff and search
for Bill!" That was all he said. We
went back to the camp and got a rope.
Charlie tied one end around his waist,
and when he had passed the rope
around a tree I took hold of the other
end. Charlie swung boldly off and
dangled in midair, while I let out the
rope slowly.
Fifty feet or so down there was a
shelf of rock. Charlie rested there an
instant. Then he sent up a great
shout: "Pull up, Jack, for your life."
I pulled with all my might and none
too soon. A bear ran out along the
shelf of rock, and, half famish.'d. tried
to seize Charlie. My brave chum did
not forget even then the use of a pis
tol. Hardly had he swung out pendu
lum fashion from the precipice wall
when he had his pistol ready. Back
he came on the swinging line toward
the bear. It was a beautiful sight.
Charlie did not fire until he was close
in, and when he pulled the trigger he
had such good aim that the bullet
pierced some vital part of the bear, and
the monster foil into the canyon below
with a final roar.
I pulled Charlie up. We were just
shaking hands when we heard a voice:
"Purty good stuff, you two; and
I thought so from the first. Just like
your fathers."
It was Bill!
"I wandered away last ni^ht," he
said, "and fell in with a wildcat, and
we had a little brush, and I killed him
and threw him over the bluff."
The next day we got a longer rope
and I went down and found the bear
that Charlie had shot. It was dead.
Bill and Charlie pulled it up with a
rope after a hard tug; but Charlie
strained himself and we did not make
the big climb after all.
EUGENE FIELD.
3132
HOW SUPPORT
HIGH SCHOOLS?
Professor Brown on the
Problem of State
Assistance.
Condemns Caminetti's Pro
posed Constitutional
Amendment.
Superintendent McClymonds of the
Oakland Schools Speaks on
■'Number Work."
In an address to a teachers' class at the
University of California. Professor Elmer
E. Brown gave a historical review of the
progress of secondary education in San
Francisco, relating the facts of the de
• the boys' and Kirls" high
school and the normal class. He sai.i:
The history of these schools exhibits .1 marked
tendency toward rentlation, especially in
the (iirection of vocational training-.
The true tendency is. I think, to make th*
commercial liigrh schix^l training e<iual in ritrcr
to that of the peneral culture echt^jls. if thla
can be done, and technical training 1 "an bo
made thorough and efficient, its importance as
a part of secondary education cannot be over
tstimat?d.
The first hiph school was established in San
Francisco in 1<56. The Hoys* Hisrh School; now
the Lowell High, was established In IS6S. The
Girls' High was established in I^4 and is the
only hi| school in tho city that has not be
come co- educational, the Boys' High &hcol
ha vine been for years, even before" its nanv
was changed, open to students of both sexes.
The otaie constitution makes scant pruvis
ion for the support of high schools. N".. Stale
funds .-an be used for any school not • Dtiir.lv
managed by the State, nd the only _>u-.h
schools now existing ire the normal schools.
In a word, under existing conditions the sup
port of high schools comes entirely from ltxai
taxat; >n. This means, of course, that in any
community there must be a sufficiently strong
sentiment in favor of higher education to ob
tain funds for its support. Various attempts,
among them the CaniiiiPtti act of ISS3. to evade
tiie constitution by establishing "Rrammar
school course schools," have been made and
these Utempts accompli the good -ult of
awakening interest in secondary education.
In 1891 the law providing for the hybrid
formed and unsatisfactory "grammar school
course schools" was repealed and a law was
passed providing for three kinds of high school:
First— That any dlsti of more than 1000
population which would furnish the entire
amount necessary ciuld establish a high school.
Second— That ■■-■nil districts might unite to
form a "union high school."
Third— That the county may provide for the
establishment of one or more high schools
There is a feeling that the present law does
not sufficiently provide for secondary educa
tion. At the last session of the Legislature a
constitutional amendment was ; r iposed by Mr
Camineui providing State aid for grammar
schools teaching high school subjects and pre
paring students for the university While I
believe Mr. Caminetti is one of the best friends
of >ndary education in thi State I do not
regard the proposed amendment as desirable
It would prevent the establishment of true
high schools and would cause the continua
tion of grammar school methods into second
ary institutions. The methods of each of the>=e
group of schools shrtuld be entirely distinct
Again, under this law holders of grammar
school certificates could teach in the real hieh
school courses and a werlng in the standard
would follow necessarily.
rintendent J. w. McClymonds of
the Oakland rbllc schools spoke briefly
on "Primary Number Work." He said:
t'nfortunately. the first thins we have to
teach the child in number work fs that part
of the subject of arithmetic that is most dif
ficult to understand— addition. It has been
figured out ih.y B8 per cent of the mistakes
made in computation are mistakes in addi
tion, this difficult part of arithmetic this
development of the "number sense," is the first
thing that has to be taught In our primary
schools.
Number work is mechanical work, pure and
simple. nrill the child long enough In this
mechanical work and he will add with abso
lute accuracy. Train the child on the various
combinations of numbers until they become
absolutely familiar. It is a slow process but
it pays. The teaoher has to show Interest in
the w.irk in order to Interest the pupils aad
when the pupils become interested they will
do pood work.
Subtraction can be best taught by a method
different from that ■rnmonly in use. The
method of "borrowing" from one column foj
another should be done away with Suppose
you are teaching the beginner to BUbtri 3S
from 52. Instead of borrowing 1 from the 5
and adding it to the 2. add 1 to the 1 and add
1 also to the 3 of the 3v In other words, the
process instead of being ■•• from 12 is 4. 3 from
4 is 1. therefore 3> from 52 is 14," should be "S
from 12 is 4. 4 from 5 is 1. therefore SS from 5*
is 14."
Next Saturday morning will conclude
the sories of pedagogical lectures for the
present term.
ODD FELLOWS' DAY.
Seventy-Ninth Anniversary of the
Foundation of American Odd
Fellowship.
The Odd Fellows of this city, including
the subordinate l.^i^es. the Rebekah
lodg>~> mpments. have been
busy for w m< time jm.-u making arrange
menu I proper observance of the
of American
. which falls on the 26th
There will be two celebrations, one by
tiay and one by night. The one by day
will be in the nature of a grand picnic
at Shell Mound Park, under the auspices
of the Patriarchs Militant, Canton No. 5
of this city and the Rebekah lodges. The
executive committee, composed of Colonel
W. Potter. Captains A. J. Duncan. C. H.
Weaver. G. S. Naismith, E. H. Harris, J.
Pyc and Lieutenant N. i-;. Flint, acting
in conjunction with the committee of ar
rangements of vhich Mrs. F p Dulev
ls president and Frederick W. Jaeger is
secretary, has arranged an interesting
programme of races, games and dancin"
There will be a large number of gate
prizes, and the entire proceeds, over and
above expenses, will be donated to the
Orphans' Home at Gilroy. The Patriarchs
Militant will appear in uniform. All the
subordinates, Rebekah lodges and en
campments of San Francisco. Alameda
Oakland and of San Mateo and Santa
lara counties have been asked to lend
their aid in this charitable work
In the evening, under the auspices of a
different committee, there will be in cele
bration of the day. an entertainment and
ball m the mbly Hall of the Odd Fel
lows building. District Deputy Grand
Master Karl Brueck of Stockton will pre
side, and there will be presented a pro
gramme that will Include an address by
rank McGowan. selections by a ladies'
quartet, bell-ringing by Miss Nellie
Waters, a cornet solo, selections by P-o
fessor Qraeber** mandolin club, a vocal
solo by a member of the quartet and a
bl?orwed Ol b> b a'b A all F - L"~»L "~»- ™* ™
DIED IN A HACK.
Mrs. Kate Biarini. an Invalid Widow,
Expired While on Her Way to
Meet Her Children.
Mrs. Kate Biagini. a widow, residing at
411 Pacific street, died suddenly yester
day afternoon while about to be taken In
a liack to the residence of her Fiste"
Mrs. Julia Cole, in Oakland. The de
rrased had been very pick for some time
but had had no physician attending her'
Her niece, Mrs. Louise Tagllaferro.came
ever from Oakland yesterday to accom
pany her. .';•
No boob r had Mrs. Biagini taken her
Feat in the vehicle than she fell back in
the scat and expired.
The remains were conveyed to the
Morgue. The deceased left two small
children, a boy and a girl. . They are in
Keeping Their Stocks Low.
The Manufacturers* and Wholesalers'
Leagw a side issue of the Manufacmr
ers* and Producers' Association, jis not
meeting with the success this year that It
did last. E W. Keeler. who has the busi
ness in hand, attributes this condition to
the lack of rain in the interior of the
State. Last season many of the country
merchants. were only too glad to avail
th»-n-.- of the opportunity of free
transportation to their homes, when the
omy conditions were that they should
rome to this city and purchase their goods
instead of. buying from drummers £rgm_
other State?. Mr. Kapler pays that aY
who have taken advantage of the reduce*",
rates tell thp same story, that poor crops
have so scared the farmers that they will
not spend any more money than they art
obliged to. and thus it Is not advisable
to lay in vry larpo stocks of goods.
HE WILL WED A
BANKER'S DAUGHTER
Betrothal Announced of
Miss Delia Davidson and
Harrison Dibblee.
The first notable engagement of the
season was made public yesterday—
of Miss Delia Davidson and Harrison
Dibblee. For some time the friends of
the contracting parties have suspected
that such an engagement existed, but the
young people managed to keep their In
teresting secret. Finally, however, the
story got too good to keep and the influ
ence of Easter week induced them to ac
knowledge their betrothal. ..
Miss Davidson is the daughter of David
B. Davidson of the Nevada Bank, and
made her debut early in the season. She
was educated in the Eastern schools and
is as charming as she is accomplished. In
appearance she is petite and slender, and
her greatest attraction Is her delicate
and exquisite coloring. Her hair is 01 a
rich golden hue, her eyes a clear <:■ • p
blue, and In her soft fair cheeks the roses
play at hide and seek. 1 TV, . ,
Mr Dibblee is the son of Mrs. A. J.
Dibblee. He is well known and popular
in social circles and a prominent member
of the University Club. No date for the
wedding has as yet been arranged.
BUSY WEEK FOR
HIGH MASONS
Three or the Grand Bodies Will
Convene in the Masonic
Temple.
Programme of the Parade on Satur
day Next by the Knights
Templar.
The coming week will he one of activ
ity in the higher Masonic bodies of this
jurisdiction. To-morrow there will be a
meeting of the Grand Council of the
Royal and Select Masons in the Temple,
at which then- will be representatives
from eleven councils. This body, of
which Henry Ascroft is the most Illus
trious master, will be in session but one I |
day. In the afternoon the officers will
be elected and installed.
On Tuesday and Wednesday the Grand
Chapter of the Royal Arch Masons of I
•rnia will be in session In the Tern
pie. This body, of which W. h rank
Pierce Is the jfiost excellent grand high
• will have representatives from ■
sixty-seven chapters. The officers for the
ensuing term will be chosen and installed j
on the last day of t!>- s.ssion.
on Thursday, Friday and Saturday the
Grand Commandery. Knights Templar of
81 ite, representing thirty-seven eom
manderies, will be in session. Of this
grand body R. E. Sir George D. M»>tealf
of Oakland is the prand commander. Two
days will be devoted to the transaction
of "the business that will come up !••
the grand body, and on the third day
there is to be a conclave of department 1. i
In orders No. 2 is the following: "In j
order that there may be a proper annre- i
ciation of the importance of a depart
ment conclave it is proposed to request
thp Grand Commandery of California to
parade during the Templar parade. Such
example will be of great benefit to the i
rank and file of our ordt-r and aid in 11- .
lustrating those knightly qualities which
tend to build up and strengthen loyal
and disciplined commanderies."
Order No. 3 gives tho following as the
list of officers for the grand parade that
will move at 2:30 on Van Ness avenue on
the afternoon of Saturday: In command.
Eminent Sir John F. Merrill, grand gen
eralissimo. R. E. ; Sir Frank W. Sumner. |
past grand commander, chief of staff; ,
Sir Knight Curtis G. Kenyon. surgeon; j
Sir Knights William McDonald. Edward
R. S. Swain, A. W. Burrell and George ; •
S. Andres, staff; Sir Knights H. West
phal. W. R. Jost, R. S. PaJashi, J. D. t
Maxwell. Edward J. Vogel and M. Ryan,
signal officers.
The first battalion will consist of Cal
ifornia Commandery No. 1. which will
turn out about 100 strong under command
of Sir J. P. Fraser.
Then will follow the Grand Command
ery of California as one company, under
command of E. S. F. W. Miller, grand
captain -general.
Second battalion composed of the fol
lowing commanderies; San Jose No. W,
Oakland No. 11. Santa R.>sa No. 14. Naval
No. 19, Mount Olivet No. 20. WatsonviUe
No. 22. San Luis Oblspo No. 27. I'kiah No.
N ; pa No. 34 and Eureka No. 35. under ]
command of R. E.. Sir Trowbridge H.
Ward, P. G. C.
Third battalion, Golden Gate Com
mander}', four companies, under com
mand of E. S., Jonathan M. Peel.
The parade will close with carriages
only for aged and veteran past grand
officers.
The right of the parade will form on
Van Ness avenue, between Turk and Mc-
Allister streets, and extend southward to
It is expected that between 700
and SOO Knights Templar will take part
in the proceedings of the Grand Com
mandery and that between 500 and 600
will appear in the parade.
The companies will be formed of one
captain-general, two wardens and from
twenty-four to thirty-six knights.
At the close of the parade there will
be a review to Grand Commander, R. E.,
Sir George D. Metcalf.
THE OLD PEBALTA GRANT.
It Does Not Include Alameda Coun
ty's Two Big Creeks.
Surveyor J. M. Gleaves has denied the
application of M. F. Truett Jr. for an i
extension of the lines of "survey of the
Rancho San Antonio, the purpose of J
which was to Include within the bound
aries of the ranch the waters of the San '
Antonio and San Leandro creeks. The j
decision is of some importance to many ■
people living in Alameda County on |
property adjoining the old Peralta grant j
from the United States. In his decision, J
the Surveyor-General says: I
"To Induce the summary action of this
office under section 8 of the act of July
23, 1556, petitioner relies upon proceedings
which, as has been shown, have culmin
ated in a patent to his remote grantor.
Upon such a showing, for this office to ,
assume jurisdiction over the lands in
question for the purpose of survey, under .
the section mentioned, it must necessar
ily, in effect, deny the solemn declarations
of the Government, evidenced by its pat- |
ent, as construed by the highest court in
the land. That so grave a responsibility |
devolves urvon an officer whose duties are '
so largely ministerial as are those of the
United States Surveyor-General, and in •
a proceeding entirely collateral and ex 1
parte, as is this, is an assumption to i
which this office, with a due sense of Its !
proper sphere of duty, cannot assent. The '<
application of petitioner for an extension
of the - lines of the public surveys over
the Rancho San Antonio, in townships 1 j
and 2 south, range 4 west, and township '•
2 south, range 3 west. Mount Diablo base j
and meridian, is. therefore, denied." j
» ♦ .
Horses Overcrowded.
J. W. Walton and M. McCurrie. of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, were sent to the water front
yesterday to investigate the charges that ',
the horses being sent to Dyea on the'
Morgan City were being placed In un
suitable quarters and likely to suffer be
fore the trip was over. They found sixty
nne horses between decks and in de
cidedly unsuitable quarters. The officers
said that they would not let the animals
be shipped in such a manner. Although
it caused some delay, the captain hail
twenty carpenters go to work a"nd within
a few hours stalls were constructed so
that the horses could make the journey
in safety and comr r;.
Against the Tiger.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday returned a decision in favor of
Michael Ryan in his suit against the.
steam tug Tiger for $169. alleged to be due
as wages, together with the costs of. the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.
HALES.
j OFFICIAL Fair Sunday; warmer;
! WEATHER ' .
REPORT fresh northerly wind;
FRAIN^ISCO hi^ h northwest off shore I
* MILLINERY
SUCCESS.
Time was when Millinery had to come from
Paris the "Bon Marche." That grand French
house had to supply the fashionable world ;
butnow exquisite sample headgear are bought
in Paris, brought to New York, San Francisco —
and American culture, in design and creation,
vies with the French in creative genius. All
the chic of the Parisian modiste, the New
York style and the -best assistants we can
secure aid us (after viewing French hats) to
plan, conceive, prepare and show highest
millinery. The generous .. patronage of the
public attests to the fact that our New Mil-
linery Department is a success.
Cloaks and Suits.
ft OTH Ladies' Cloth Suits (blouse effect)—
vL" 1 11 si* buttons in front; trimmed with
CI'ITC soutache braid; skin, lined with per-
•JUllJ callne and bound with, velvet; comes
in brown, black and navy blue; sizes 34 to 40.
$7.50.
Tan Covert Cloth Suit— Jacket 20 Inches long;
fly front, ccat back, with two buttons: four
rows tucking or. sleeves; skirt percaline lined;
tucked Beams down front sizes 34 to 40.
$12.50.
ftpcc Ladles' Black Brocaded Satin Cape—
V..-U Lj Chiffon, ribbons and buckles; black
silk Rhadame lined; sizes 34 to 42.
$6^o.
Black Silk' Cape — Chiffon and lace trimming;
black silk lined: sizes 34 to 40.
$5.00.
Dress Goods.
fH 1 1 lIC We show this season's first dis-
V.IIALLIJ play of French Challis; highest-
grade wool; 13 designs; decidedly Frenchy; col-
ors subdued or bright: width 31 Inches; small
and medium flora-1 designs on light or dark
grounds; worthy inspection.
Per Yard 50c.
CITITIVfiC The new Broche Suitings; 37
JtlllnU3 inches wide: eight shades of this
season's light colors; special display on coun-
Per Yard 50c.
Seasonable offer of Fancy Suitings in eight
colors: 43 Inches wide; Vandyke pattern on
a rep ground; in aJI the new blues, castors
and greens. ";';."" ~
Per Yard 85c.
Fancy Check Suiting— An ideal vacation, sea-
side or outing costume: width 3S inches: ex-
quisite blends of two light colors; one of the
choicest new offerings.
Per Yard $1.00.
. . . SEE ...
HALES
•'; / ■"■ -' .■" - '
Curtain and Draperr Adv't in To-Day's Examiner.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The Government's Defi
nition of Hydraulic
Mining at Last.
Large Prospects for the Inter
national Mining Congress.
Mining Progress.
The formal decision by the California
Debris Commission that the definition of
"hydraulic mining." to which it will ad
here in carrying out the Caminetti law,
shall be ••mining by means of water un
der pressure through a nozzle," Is the
most important ruling that mining af
fairs have brought forth for .1 long time.
It practically settles a vexed question,
over which the last California Miners'
Convention debated long and about
which authorities disagreed much. It is
now settled that the Federal engineers,
whf-n acting as the California Debris
<'ommission under the Caminetti law.
will regulate drift mining, ground sluic
ing, the washing of tailings, dumps and
all placer mining on the water sheds of
the navigable streams when water is
used through a nozzle under pressure, as
well as when it is used "against a nat
ural bank."
This decision probably settles the ques
tion, because the miners axe not apt to
appeal from the decision. This makes
of practical non-effect the definition
adopted by the State Legislature, which
technically limited the term "hydraulic
mining" to hydraulic operations against
a "natural bank." The definition with its
implied declaration of jurisdiction will
undoubtedly be accepted with fairly good
grace by the hydraulic mining interests,
who are especially and wearily anxious
that some move be made toward the con
struction of the restraining dams. The
spirit in which the decision will be re
ceived by the majority of miners is prob
ably well reflected by the Mining and
Scientific Press, which observes in its
current issue:
■"It is fair to assume that the future of
the great industry of hydraulic mining in
California rests in a liberal administra
tion and interpretation of the existing
law, or some law framed upon the same
! general lines. Insistence upon narrow
rules of interpretation, which do violence
to the spirit of the law, will impede rath
er than advance the interests of the in
dustry."
During the week Ju ian Sonntag. secre
tary of the California Miners' Associa
tion, received from D. Johnson of Den
ver, chairman of the executive commit
tee of the International Mining Congress
a letter urging active interest nere in the
coming meeting of the congress in Den
ver. July 7. and 9. The writer predicts
an exceedingly large attendance and be
lieves that the meeting will be one of the
most Important events in the history of
mining. ,
Mr. bonntag's reply reflected the cordial
interest taken in the congress here and
the expectation of a large California dele
gation being in attendance. He offered
the wise suggestion that Governors and
others who are to I appoint the ' delegates
be specially asked by letter to name only
men practically identified with mining
Interests. ; '-..>■
The initial convention of last year was
called the "International Gold Mining
Convention." The name has been b—>ad
ened with, the scope and purposes of it to
the "International Mining Congress." and i
this year all phases of- mining will be
within its range. The i. coming session
promises to be a great and important one
that will Influence: legislation as | well as
tne practical Drogress of the industry '
The Grass Valley Union called atten
tion to a disregarded State law passed in
1872 . which makes it i unlawful . to work a
mine bfilose a uepih oX 300 1«t,,1X twelve*
HALES.
So many remark from day to day, L.A /k 8 ■ / ft^^ J /
"Everything is so different at I I /—\ i |*^ * "^H
We intend, if a fixed, definite purpose can make it — heavy concentration
of capital can insure it — if buying for six huge stores helps it — that everything
we sell shall be "DIFFERENT." We are striving for better goods— assort-
ment, bought for cash — sold for cash at lowest possible profit. In the immense
stock we now show there is one strong attractive feature— everything is new-born
with the spring, will grow with the summer, and trade will grow with it. We've
doubled our store space in six years ceaseless energy is the order in every
department— truthful advertising introduces our novelties, comparison of prices
emphasizes our position as leaders, and inspection sells— and what a wealth of
satisfaction in seeing our patrons coming in day after day!
Fancy Articles
At "Way-Below-Value" Prices.
fllCHinil Java Cloth Cushion Covers: 22
VL JlllUil inches square; tinted and stamped
f ftVFBC with California poppies and vio-
vVMLllj lets: these represent an exclusive
line bought by us; each—
.25c.
RftWC 3n dozen Ladles' Shields and Band
BUTT J Bows; all spring shades; the regular
20c article —
1-2'nC.
Ladies' 4-Ply Standing Linen -ollars; 2
styles •• 9c
Hfl^F 200 alr best quality Lind-
'l'Oi say satin-gored, button clasp
CIIPPADTEDC Hose Supporters: in black.
JL'li UHICK3 scarlet, blue, pink— the word
"Lindsay" Is stamped on every ptir. The
price to-day is not 75c, but
35c.
72 doz. pearl and fancy metal Shirt Waist
Sets; too many; one-half price; to reduce
e»c.
1000 boxes Cabinet Hairpins; 60 pins in a box
%£& 3c. :^--':i
Safety. Pins (Mile's nickel-plated); all sizes—
-4-c Dozen.
Kid Hair curlers; every lady knows their value.
No. 0. 34-inch 4c doz.
No. ?. 4^-lnch 6c doz.
No. 3, 5-inch Sc doz.
Gem Crimping Pin (1 doz. in a box) Sc
RI74AD With the weather of to-day it is
UALAftn. necessary to use a really good face
ITCIIC eoap, emollient and pure. We offer
1 1 L.llo such a soa;> .and one which has
been one of our great attractions.
Three cakes Witchhazel and Buttermilk
Soap for 5c
AVTIHIIE We Pla^ on sale to-day 100
/iniiyiX boxes of Imperial Antique
CT4TinVFDV Linen Stationery— 2Vz quires
J I 1 lUi" Ln I and 60 envelopes to match; ex-
tra good value—
25c.
One gross Carter's Koal Black Ink— 2 oz. cones
—an office necessity way down in price—
3 for lOc. |
One gross Whisk Brooms— good size 7c
ptlilinic Special purchase: clean cut; no
WllA.'lUlj waste; extra fine quality.
CL'IVC loxl2 : Sc
JAlllJ I&XI3U 30c
21x15',! oOc i
Sponges for the toilet 5c ■
For the bath 10c I
10-quart chamber pall: regular 2oc; now ISc
10-quart galvanized water pail: 25c; now... 20c
14-inch turkey feather duster: 25c: now 21c
Large-size opalescent soap dish; 10c; now.. 5c I
W r e have one of the best-equipped Mail Order departments on this coast —
have the goods to satisfy country patrons — but please send in your orders as
early as you can. Advertised goods go quickly. We don't like to be sold out
when you order — we aim to serve you as well in the country as if here!
937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET.
I men are employed daily, without provid
j ing a second tunnel or snaft connecting
with the main shaft at a uepth of not
i less than 100 feet.
The only pei.alty. however, for disre
■ garding the lav/ is a provision that if any
miner working in the mine shall sustain
■ injuries or death which might have been
avoided had the second means of egress
j existed, the owner snail be naole for full
I damages for such injuries to the person
sustaining t..em or to the relatives of the
i deceased in case of death. There are
1 other regulations for the protection of
' working miners in the code, but Califor
nia has no mine inspector or other official
supervision *i see that any regulations
are observed.
ahe electric power company which is
building a dam at Rock Creek has let the
contract for the work to a Chinese mer
chant at Nevada City, and Ah Goey is
j employing none but Chinese workmen in
storing nature's power, whereat there is
considerable "kicking" being aone there
abouis.
As the long distance lines of the Sunset
Telephone Company are being rapidly ex
tended among the towns of the mining
regions many large mines are putting in
private connecting lines at their own ex
pense. In these times it is a daily inci
dent for a mine superintendent to ring
up the office of the company or owner
whose office is in San Francisco, or to ring
! up a business firm in the city, make re
ports, get directions or order machinery
or supplies. Mining men celebrate the
, end of a long, hard ride into the moun
; tains with a draught of the superintend
j ent's best reserve stock and a cheerful
■ report to the wife in the city.
! The dry season will work much hard
j ship upon many of the miners. The Trin
i ity Deep Gravel Mining Company has
constructed at great expense over a half
mile of ditch and has laid about 1300 feet
of pipe to bring water from Boulder
Creek to its Morrison Gulch claims on
the Trinity River. This done the useless
ness of the work at the present time is
discovered, as there is little water for '
any purpose.— Searchlight.
The Drown mine near Albany Flat has
been closed down for a short time, pend
ing further improvements.
It Is reported that owing to the . great
flow of water in the Keystone mine oper
j ations have been suspended for the pres-
I ent.
! The Pennsylvania in Nevada County is
i said to have'eome into a new ore body on '
I the 700 level while making an upraise
! from the £00 level. ■; • ■
The river miners on the Kiamath j are
i now rushing operations to commence
hoisting pay gravel, and a few have al
ready started their derricks. The river
! being down to the low water mark so
j much earlier than usual, the - work of
; wing damming will soon be completed In
all the claims ' for pumping out and
hosting. The yield from river claims
during the coming summer and fall is ex
pected to be better than for several years
I past.— Yreka Journal.
R. R. Christy of Tacoma is managing
owner of a new and promising property ;
| near French Gulch. Shasta County, the
: Highland Mountain mine, consisting of
': five claims on the summit of the moun
tain. Two tunnels have been driven with
1 in thirty , days, and enough ore has al
; ready been taken out to pay expenses. ;
: Development will proceed rapidly.
i One of the throng of new developments '
which are calling increasing attention to
Siskiyou County is thus described by the
Aetna Standard: A crushing, of ore has
been made by Musgrave : & White from ;
their new find ■at the ■ head *of Humbug
Creek, between that and the Little Hum
: bug. called the Lost Lenore mine. -This
; vein runs from one foot to three feet wide
at place of disco very, the only place ex- ;
; plored. A crushing ;of ' six tons paid $25
I per ton. This was found last month. The
; vein was uncovered on March '■ 1, and ■ the
only development so far on -this find is a
cut eighteen feet long to a depth of ten
,feet. The ; vein- filling is quartz, with .
■ ocher and iron. -Much of the ore > shows
' free gold. The bottom of the cut between
the walls is about eighteen inches • in .
width. The direction of the vein. is north
and south. Two I parallel veins I run with
; the find for a distance of 175 feet.
1 The Trinity Gold Mining I syndicate, the !
English corporation * which : has ; bought I
| . the old * Nash . hydraulic y mine at ;j= the j
2 bead o£ CojXeo ■ CreeV Trisjty. Comity,
HALES.
WASH
GOODS
DAY
MONDAY.
WIN'CftMF The dress of the woman of to-
i YTlluviTlL, day is In a state of evolution-
WASH heavy gowns are gone— airy, fairy
n Jll fabrics now reign— wash
CIDDIfC goods, delicate, ethereal crea-
lauiUWO tlons are in demand.
filVfiH In 3° Patterns and color com-
UinUIMIUO ' blnatlons, fancy plaids ' and
; stripes, light and dark colors, 27 inches wide;
Per Yard Tic
! Better goods in 100 patterns, 10c and 12% c
| yard.
Wider goods, just ln, 32 Inches wide; chiefly
| plaids 20c
CIIITIVfiC The Aurelias heavyweight. Just
JLIII.IUJ heavy enough for summer com-
fort, -. closely woven, specially adapted for out-
ing suits. 27 inches wide, solid colors, first
i season's show.
Per Yard 121 c.
VFW As shown ln our window, dell-
11L>n cate figureF oa light grounds, 28
ORGANDIES inc s wide w .
Per Yard 71c.
Plain grounds and fancy woven effects ln
great variety,
121 c.
The new French effects :in plaids and fig-
ures 15c, 25c, 30c. 45c
I —
Sheets.
HFMMFII Hale's buy bl and big buys must
lILiTiiMLIS mean at a price to warrant it. This
CHCCTC lot of 200 dozen hemmed sheets are
OllCLl j O f >cew York Mill's cotton, one de-
i feet only and that is they are not a pure white
bleach, but the price offsets this.
Size 72x90, while they last 44c each.
Size 90x90, will whiten out — 43c each.
and spent $3f1.000 in getting ready for i
work, will start the mine into full oper
ation within a few days. This property !
has been idle for years. The new com- i
pany has built several miles of ditches, i
bored an expensive rock tunnel to pro
vide a dump, built a sawmill, etc.. and '
has six miles of unworked creek bed
which promises to yi«-ld largely.
The Brown Bear Mining Company on
Dead wood continues to improve its prop
erty. There in now at the freight depot
awaiting shipment to the mine a set of
ten wrought steel shoes for a stamp bat
tery, and a large consignment of track
iron for use in the long tunnels on the
property.— Redding Free Press.
Thirteen mining claims were recorded
at Redding on April 6.
Frank Rossi has started up the mill on
the . Brunswick mine and has a large
quantity of ore ready for crushing. It
is estimated that sufficient values are out
to more than pay for recent development
and addition of new machinery. The
Brunswick gives promise of being one of
the best producers in the French Oulch
district.— Redding Searchlight.
Charles Butters is expected home from
South Africa this month.
Mrs. Elmira Clark, who owns the Car
lisle mine in Butte County, has started
on a visit to cyanide plants, with the idea
of putting up one at the Carlisle.
It Is reported that Melville Attwood.
the widely known pioneer mining engi
neer of California, is fatally ill.
Major Heuer. with Engineers Randall
and Nourse. last week visited Elkhorn.
on the Sacramento River, where the pro
posed jetties are to be constructed.
The T'nion Electric Power and Light
Company, capital stock $1,000,000. has in
corporated at Copperopolis. Cal.. to divert
power from the Stanislaus River and to
furnish power and light for mines and .
towns. Stockholders and trustees— O.
Ames. S. Carr. Boston; G. McM. Ross. B.
Johnson. Copperopolis; F. D. Nical.
Stockton. The incorporation is under
stood to mean the resumption of the
Copperopolis copper mines.
New gushers at Coallnga, Fresno Coun- ;
ty. Cal.. now give that district a daily
petroleum product of WO barrels.
The recent discoveries of ore at Jacum
ba, on the edge of the desert, are report- ,
ed to be showing up well. In the claim
of Sam Hayden free gold can be seen
in much of the quartz. Lorenzo M. Wil
liamson and others have a good claim,
and altogether there are about twenty
five claims located and about fifteen men
at work.— San Diego Union.
The Amador Ledger says that the com
pletion of the new shaft on the Wildman-
Mahoney mine will necessitate more
stamps, and the p!an Is to add 120 to the
eighty, increasing the capacity of the
mines to about 750 tons daily. The next
work at the Oneida after the ledge is en
countered in the new drift will be the un
watering of the old shaft.
The company operating a dredger near
<~>roville contemplates buying several
thousand acres of gravel.
W. T. Robinson of Mokelumne Hill has
secured the right to mine the Mokelumne
River for a distance of five miles. He
Intends to use a dredger, and the outfit ■
will cost in the neighborhood of $35,000.—
Calaveras Chronicle.
A discovery of good ore in a strong
ledge was made in' the Flagstaff, near
Grizzly Flat. El Dorado County. The :
renewal of activity in taking up aban
doned mines in the vicinity of Grizzly is
rewarding the operators in several mines
below the 700 level. This is notably me .
case In the Mt. Pleasant. Good Hope and ,
Flagstaff. This resumption of work on |
old properties is giving an impetus to de
veJopment of other properties in the
neighborhood. In the northern portion of ;
the county from the American River to
Kelsey and Georgetown, new life is man
ifest, as is evident from the reopening
of the Summit and Rising Sun properties
and the shafts being sunk on new prop- :
erties. In the neighborhood of Garden
Valley and the Taylor mine prospectors
are meeting with some success in the
discovery' of ledges. The Boulder mine, :
In the vicinity of Shingle borings, with
its systematic development work, is rap- '
Idly proving itself a paying investment.— j
Mining and Scientific Press.
Machinery Is being erected at the
Golden Eagle mine. Lassen County.
Ore valued at $40 a ton is reported from
the Mammoth mine. Kern County.
A cyanide plant 1b In contemplation for
the Dardanelles mine, near Forest Hill, !
Placer County.
The United States Geological Survey !
has issued the Downieville folio of the '■.
Geographical Atlas of the United States. ;
HALES.
Babywear
it Mothers, we would interest you
A I also: this underwear should
RiRV please because it was bought for
DAD I careful mothers — ladies who
pnippc know good goods; we say in this
rillwLj (as in many of our advertised
items) you can't judge the quality by the price
asked: there's no way of realizing our values
but by seeing them— your eyes won't deceive
you.
I OVfi Fine Cambric embroidery front cam-
LUI"U brie ruffle on neck and cuffs — regular
CI mc value 35c. Till sold—
MJ " 19c.
Checked Nainsook trimmed yoke with cambric
ruffle running round, cambric ruffle on neck
and cuffs— Regular value 40c. Till sold—
29c.
Fine Nainsook slip — turndown collar and turn
back cuffs — Valenciennes lace trimmed— Regu-
lar. 50c. Till sold—
39c.
Cambric Slips, tucked— imitation hemstitched
trimmed yoke— embroidery ruffled neck, front
and cuffs— Regular, 75c. Till sold—
59c.
INFANT Fine Cambric long skirt with 3-
111 1 All 1 inch hem on bottom— Regular, 40c.
SKIRTS 25c.
Better quality— Ruffled and trimmed with
Valenciennes lace; regular stic, but until sold—
39c.
Infants' Fine Cambric short
>-"'"> ' dress, pleated yoke — full sleeves,
nnpeepe emby. ruffle on neck and cuffs —
UnLjjLj Regular. 40c. Now—
SHORT 25c.
PRICES Infant's Fine Cambric Short
Dress — insertion and emby— ruf-
fled— trimmed yoke front and back— full sleeves,
emby ruffled neck and cuffs; regular 75c, now —
50c.
Infants' Cambric Phort Dress— pleated jrote,
back and front— turn down collar and delicate
"fixings"— Regular, 50c. Now
29c.
and will be sent from the office of the sur- '
vey at Washington for SO cents.
The great demand for copper is ren
dered still greater by the present hostile
complications. The United States and
Spain are the greatest copper producers, I
and war possibilities make copper prop
erties to-day more valuable than ever.
There is probably no business of more
present profit than copper mining. Every
department of mining, the basic Industry
of peace or war. receive? increased stim
ulus from the present warlike outlo-.k.
The receipts at the Denver mint dur
ing March were $1,617,896, the largest in
the history- of that mint.
• 'ripple Creek is not keeping up the
phenomenal record made by Its output j
during the closing months of 1897.
A party of San Francisco capitalists
are on Evans Creek this week examining
the Howell & Borden placer proposition
en Saxes Creek. This enterprise contem
plates the construction of a 13-mile ditch
carrying the waters of Evans Creek on
to several hundred acres of rich gravel
land on Saxes Creek, and later it is pro
pnso'l to extend the ditch on to the Rogue
River Valley.— Oregon Mining Journal.
The very numerous parties of prospect
ors and explorers now headed for the sec
tions to the westward, particularly the
Copper River and Kotz»bue Bound dis
tricts, will doubtless gather a vast amount
of valuable information concerning those
portions of Alaska, whereof so little is
now known. That the work of these par
ties will eventually find its reward in the
discovery of valuable mineral deposits is .
beyond question, though it is quite proba
ble that the present season will not be
productive of any great results. The Ter
ritory at large, however, is bound to reap
substantial benefit from the information I
gained.— Alaska Mining Record.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES.
The Grand Lodge of the K. and L. of ,
H. Will Meet Here Next
Week.
The eleventh annual session of the
Grand Lodge of California of the Knights
and Ladies of Honor will be held in :
Pythian Castle, in this city, commencing ■
on Tuesday next.
The present grand officers are: T. A. '
Lauder of Sacramento', past protector; i
Mrs. Belle W« Conrad of Sonora. protec- j
tr>r: S. Conradi of Los Angeles, vice-pro
tector; S. B. Carleton of San Francisco. '
secretary: Mrs. Lizzie J. Wheelock of San j
Francisco, treasurer: Mrs. P. Danzweilerof :
San Francisco, chaplain: Mrs. B. Oppen
heimc-r of San Francisco, guide; Mrs. L. •
A. Bigler of Alameda. guardian: Mrs. Ida j
J. Kidder of Sacramento, sentinel; H. W.
Quitzow. Mrs. L. B. Holcomb and A.
Gompertz. trustees.
lac following are the ' names of those
Who will represent .ac several lodges of
the order in the grand body: Martha
Lodge, Emma Pease. Kate Hachmeister
■nd Antoinette Graff; Aurora Lodge.
Mary B. Price; Laurel Lodge, Mrs. E. E.
Hall: Harmony Lodge, Annie E. Smith;
Bay City Lodge. E. Quitzow; Golden Rule
Lodge. Sarah Krueger; Pacific Lodge.
Jennie Dinklage; Empire Lodge, Frank
Shibeley; Star Lodge, Mrs. M. A. Guer
ana; Oakland Lodge, J. A. Colquohon:
West End Lodge, Marie P. Blum; Equity
Lodge. Silas Orr; Magnolia Lodge, Ellen .
Fitzgerald; Excelsior Lodge. Sarah Brad
street; Angel City Lodge, S. Conradi:
Yerba Buena Lodge. M. J. Graham; Pal
metto Lodge, Frank Hoffman.
The reports will show that while the
order on this coast did not make any
great increase in membership, that there
has not been any decrease. The death
loss was but ten. seven less than the pre
vious year. The finances are in better
condition. There are no debts and there
is money on hand.
Mrs. Conrad will become the past pro
tector, and for the office she now fills
there will be two candidates— Z. T. Whit
ten of San Francisco and H. C. Trap
hagen of San Jose. Both are well known
In fraternal circles, and as both have
many friends in the order it is possible
that there will be quite a contest for the
place.
S. B. Carieton. for eleven years the ac
tive and energetic grand secretary, will
retire from the office he has so satisfac
torily filled. He has declared that his
business affairs are such that he can
not accept a renomination. Should he
do bo he would have to either neglect
HALES.
NEW ew Ladies ' Parlor just
QTfIDF opened — it'shomelike,
cpatmiW Sorry our patrons did
j rHr\ 1 UIvJD. not have its use before.
& WRAPPER
SALE.
On Monday at 8 a.m.
we shall place on sale
250 LADIES' CALICO
WRAPPERS—
First-class quality in navy blue
and white, red and white, black
and white ; well made, with inside
vest, yoke of braid trimming across
bust, braid around collar and
sleeves. A fitting garment to open
up the First Spring Wrapper sale
with. Sizes 34 to 44. Year by
year these sales have been steadily
growing in favor — but on Monday
these Wrappers go
"At away P*T£^k
below value / Via"*
price," * tJ\*
Lj J:\2m
In Fancy t
Department.
crinrp Ladies' Silk Empiro Scarfs. J>4
3w.AHrj yards long, variety of width*—
trimmed with lace and tucks, in black and all
evening shades—
75c to $1.50.
____ i
Novelties In neckwear on display at mala
entrance.
VFIT IVfi^ 1-a.rge, medium and small dot vm
LlLliWlJ Tuxedo net in colors and black-*
also black fancy meshes per yard,
25c, 35c, 50c.
Silk Embroidered Brussels Net Veiling—
ors, navy, brown, tan, gray and black— good
value at 50c yard.
35c.
I IRFDTV w e offer t<vday 16-inch I shirred
LIDEnII Liberty colors, blue, pink,
cii V Nile, corn, scarlet, cream and
JlLn. white, now fo fashionable fjr
bosom fronts, neckwear, etc, per yard
48c.
iCfATC c believe in being leaders— not
A3WUI3 only in quality, variety, but In
(The New advertised prices— we show and s«"ll
Scarf.) these new silk Ascots in red and
white—
35c.
. . . SEE ... \
HALES
Muslin Underwear W\ in To-Bij's Examiner.
and H. W. Quitzow, at present grand
trustees, will be candidates for the of
fice.
To-morrow night Aurora Lodge will
keep open house for the representatives
to the Grand Lodge and for members of
the order.
. ♦ ■ •"•
Selling Liquor to Indians.
Lyons Lockhardt. a half-breed Indian
indicted last month by the United States
Grand Jury for selling liquor to Indiana
on the Hoopa Valley Indian Reservation,
in Humboldt County, was arrested yes
terday by the United States Marshal and
taken before United States District Judge
de Haven, who fixed his bonds at $500. In
default of bail the prisoner was commit
ted to jail.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000000000000
® "THE CREDIT HOUSE." °
0 Six Steriei High. O
o ■_ o
o >r^ non o
° rK ■fin °
§ Wmv |KP| U - U i s
o Upholstered rockers, o
® birch-mahogany or oak, g
o tapestry or brocatelle o
covering. For our sit- °
g ting-room or par- g
o lor s>r__ o
O We've chairs to match at the O
q same price. q
O Roll-top desk, solid oak, 1 1 pigeon- O
O holes, ample drawer room ; for office O
O or home $Q. 50 O
j O Two adults can sleep conveniently in O
O a Triumph folding-bed $7.i25 O
j O Metal beds are healthful and cool ; O
O insure restful sleep on warm nights ' O
O • —^ $3.00 O
O Q
q Carpet Department. Q
! O Roll upon roll of the best new car- o
; q petings— Axmrnsters, Moquettes, Vet- q
q vets. Body Brussels, etc. "
O Bring your measurements for re- O
©quired matting— for your summer o
q house or city — yard Q c q
% M.FRIEDMAN & CO. o
g 233-2^-237 Fost Street g
Q Near Stockton. Open Evening. ®
ooooooooooooooooq or
IPPAV or FADED HAIR RKSTORED to /
fi7i" £?»?" r BAL I> »PJ". Absolutely fcarmlet*.
j Mm&eat£&ai{Mes&fli'CHARTER
FOR THE
C ITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
El«ct«d December 27. 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8, flrticle XI. of trje Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I-BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICL- 11-LEGISLATIVE DEPAI. :
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter III— Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter Auditor.
Chapter III — Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V-LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter 111-Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV-Sewers and DrUnage.
Chapter V-Harbors and Wharvls.
ARTICLE VII " PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
SSapier k^SEoSi! EdUCa
Educ a fuon. 111 - PO^ er3 Ot the Board of
Chapter IV-Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Eights and Liabilities.
SECTION' 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
Fan Francisco sha!l remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate. In
name and In fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue md defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have an 1 use a
common Beal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
end enjoy real -uml personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, '.n fee simple, or
in trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts .necessary to
carry out tlv purposes of -.uch gifts.
bequests and donation?. Aith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of tho same in accordance with thj
of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Fectlon Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code nf California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of Pan
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the r amc.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City |
and County for the recover; of any <
property, money or , thinr belong- !
ing thereto, in law or equit;-, or dedi- ]
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
phnll continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recoursi shall b« had
ngainst the City and County for dam
nge or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
nny defective drainage, whether any of
paid defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor Fhall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of ie
palr of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accidenton any sidewalk.street, avenue.
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the Jaw may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street' or public highway, or
In the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negll
gence such defect remains unrepaired
phall be jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTEK I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County or San Francis
co ehall be vested In a legislative body,
which ehall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
! ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V — Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter VII — Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chiet Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII-ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in" this Charter, the Supervisors.
Bee. -. The Board of Supervisors
ehiill consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Ea:h one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelv > hundred doll s.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
fites, but shall not be entitled to a
nor to any compensation,
c. 3. A majority of all the members
le Board shall constitute a quorum,
a less number may adjourn from
to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed neceseary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 6. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
' legal h )liriay, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
| other place than to its r ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
i sity or emergency. The meetings of
I the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board.
\ when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
; charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
i form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
i the custody of the seal, and of all
; leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
\ anoes of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco us follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change Its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill si all become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to it? titte but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted j
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon Its
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, IS9B.
final passage in the Board md fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon- !
sider, ihe vote upon such motion shall i
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad- ;
Journment. No bill for the grant of i
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after I
its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to its j
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af- j
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap- |
propriation or disposition of public (
property or the expenditure of public I
money, except sums less than two \
h ndred dollars, or levying any tax !
or assessment, and every ordinance j
providing for the imposition of a new I
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro- j
duction, be published • in the official j
newspaper, with the ayes and noes, j
for at least five BUucesslve days (Sun- j
days and legal holidays excepted) be- \
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like ;
period before final action thereon. But !
in cases of great necessity the officers j
and heads of departments may, with j
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall j
append to the bill at the time of sign-
Ing it a statement of the item or item* j
to which he objects and the reasons |
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless [
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's j
objection. Ez.ch item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills ;
which have been disapproved by the ,
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving: it. Tf he approve
it he shall sicn it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
It he shall specify his objections there
to in writing-. If he dnes not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at laree in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be ae:ain passed by the affirmative voto
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it hnd been approved by th<»
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote <">f fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lr.st. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ay^s and noes and
the names of the members voting: for
and apainst the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at lensrth in n suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted In
the manner hereinbefore set out. and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before nrovided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided In Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollarsshall be presented to the
Mnvor for '.s approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provide", for th~ pr.s=.isr»
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of money other
than salaries or . wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days f Sundays- and legal holidays ex
cented> in the official neTvsna-nor.
Sec. 20. ""~ Ie - there shs.ll be pre
sented to + he -3oard of Election Com
missioners a retition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fl'te:n p<-r
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
Bet forth in such prMtlon, 'ie subr ..ted
to a vote of th electors o. h? City -md
County, the Board rf Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tl«e vote of the elei ior -t
the next electlrn.
The sigr turcs to the petition nrod
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his sienatu">
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall ike oath be
fore an officer competent 'o admin ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature cf the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used In such
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE'" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast v >en
such or Jlnai «c shall be in fa 'or of the
adoption there* ", the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
r'aim such fac' : nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordlnan' s
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for .amendments thereto.
for vjte at any succeeding: election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes ;ast
thereon at such flection, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accord in pi v.
Sec. fcL Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every oriinar. c in/olvlng the
prantine: by the City and County of
I any francr'^p for the supply of light
jor water, or for the leas* r sale of any
i publicutility. or for the purchase of land
| of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be suhmittfd to the v .c
Of the elect *of ff> City and 'Jounty
t the election next ensu'ng after the
(ntion of rich oruinance.
he tickets used at such election
11 contain the words "FOR THE
DINANCE" (statin? t c nature of
proposer! orrH nee) and
JAINST THJ3 ORDINANCE" (stat
the nature o the proposed ordl-
If a majority of the votes cast upon
sm-h ordin .nee shall bo In favor of the
adoption thpreof, the Board of Ele .ion
Commissioners shall, within thlr' -r
days fro: ■>. V time of such election,
proclaim such fact: and upon such
rroclamatinn such ordinance shall have
th? same fore? end effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be ol any force or effect ex-;
cept it V" rriad" by.ordinar.ee, and such
ordinance be ;- adopted by the ' people as
intb's section provided. <" :
; Sec. i 22. :, Whenever ' there ■ shall be
presented to the Supervisors a . petition
Eipn d by .-. number of voters equal
fl f teen : per centum .of; th c votes cas 1 - at
the last -precedliy?' S.ate or municipal
I election, asking trat an amendment or
! arnendmt t this Charter, to be set
, out in such petition, be submits ' to
th<* people, thG Board .nust submit to
i the vote of the electors of the City and
i County the proposed amendment or
' amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
■ not all be appended to one paper. Each
j signer shall add to his signature his
I place of residence, giving the street
airi number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fc-'j an Oi ~er competent to administer
oaths that the -*tateme:.ts made therein
are true and that each signature to
| such paper eppenuc'' Is the ger>' *c
j signature of "ip nerson whose name
j purports tf> be there 'o subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make a\< necessary pim- ! «1on for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it. and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other crs ■< of election.
All the , revision* of the Constitutlcn
| of the State embracing the subject in
I this section provided for are hereby ex
! pressly made applicable to such pro
: posed amendment or amendments. But
i if at any time there shall be no consti
j tutional provision or provisions under
i which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc *he
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election -which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held witnin sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
: shall contain the words "FOR THE
j AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
lof the proposed amendment) and
I "AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be in favor of the adoption ■thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such elcfon. proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor" lgly.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions In
this Charter c-tained, the Board of
Supervisors Fhall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee spary local, police, sani
tary and other laws an I regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of lifornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and " unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such res.ric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower mreet railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
E.iard may see fit . Impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden bur igs or structures nhali
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same -vithin such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement <-r
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
" To regulate the use of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
ard to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggr ge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necc y rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
e.ruction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persor- charged
with insanity, separate and ~rart from
places where o:'»"inals or persons r.c
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain - v\ regu
late, and charge, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for 'public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
in p the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance In the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use rf \ ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or t~> the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To Impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided In this C"
IS. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for In this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
13 To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on eonvic on of persons charsred
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof in any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the Interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Curt to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon Inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars In any one In
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have -om
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and -ewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers: in the serv
! ice of the City and County, and to fix
i their compensation; provided that eight
i hours shall be the maximum hours of
i labor In any calendar day, and that tL
I minimum wages of laborers shall be
' two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
| struction of tunnels, under such rules
: and regulations as the Board may pre
j scribe.
27. To regulate ■ street railroads.
I tracks and cars; to compel the owners
j of two or more of such roads using the
| same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
| other railroad company having not less
! than fifty miles of rokd actually con
structed id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. -To convey lands In accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City Und
County. •
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the u=e of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchee
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having " the collection, • custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they ar3 sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine. the records and examine and
expert the booka of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be Its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of ac ount of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, -or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall Immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege . shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not . exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, It shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted,. and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be grantf-d additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, v it shall
cause notice of s such application and
resolution to be advertised ,in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days.V Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
,of the ; franchise sought, the term of
Its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received |up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment: and a further statement that
no bids will be i received, ; of a. stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and ; County
in lawful money of the: United States
of a*i stated percentage of % the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany ;or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising, from its
use, , operation, enjoyment ". or - posses
sion. ""■ - ' .- -■ '. ' '■'<'''
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County, !
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penai sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid- ■
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him. and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taker,
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the j
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the I
expiration of the time stated in such j
advertisement up to which such bids !
will be received, the Board must open ■
such bids c:id award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of- !
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or ;
enjoyment of the franchise for which ;
such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for I
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts '
during the next succeeding ten years. i
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten i
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding, for such franchises
must t: in accordance wi h the prov.s
tons of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of P 1 lie Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble - The Supervisors -jay reject any
and all bida. and miy refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for
which application was made. "7 cry
ordinance making such grant shall re
quire the concurrenceofthree-fourthsof
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of ihe railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the ■
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power In the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranted, and that the Board shal!
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that Ihe Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad .ranchises. as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance uthorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a 'ease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTEE 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, pu v lic insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ter days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
Ovher necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions in this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding .
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified
check on a solvent bank in the City
and County of ten per centum on tha
amount of the bid, payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five cays af
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
Into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall stata
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of ths Clerk o?
the Board of Supervisors; and shall
also state that such articles are to ba
delivered at such times. in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bid separately for any artlcla
named. The aware? as to each axticla
shall in all cr.ses be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a bid
embraces more than one article, tha
Supervisors shall have the risrht to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
nny one or more articles embraced
therein. Tn the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
nrticle required, the quality thpreof.
the quantity for each person, and the
existing and probable number of per
sons to be sunplied. No. article or ar
ticles provided for in thfs section Bhall
have been made 1n an" prison. The
Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The Clerk
of tvie Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for nil such proposals, con
tracts P^d ho^fls. •
All bids shall be sealpd and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in th»
advertisement for proposals, in tn«
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may Inspect the bids. AH
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion, and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char- - of the of
fice, institution or department for
which the same are *»turolle3. Every
contract for work to he performed for
the City and County mnst provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day.
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor In th*
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such "iisfea
sance shall be removed frwtn offlci*.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in Ilka
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper In the City and Coun
ty which has a buna fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the tim*
of letting such contract for at least
two years. Tn inviting proposals there
for, such advertising "shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por-
ions thereof.
Such advertising shall be conrtnied
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
Inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. ><o
nart or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same Is charged or contracted for.
ovropt in the case of the delinquent tax
list.
The newspaper to which the award
nf such advertising is made shall be
known, and designated as the "official
npwppappr."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all othpr official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
nressly authorized by this Charter or
h'- the piinon-'""".
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under th direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and oCces of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books.
Wan".: books anO. the printing of blanks.
The contracts for 'onevy shall be
serarite f »nnn thnc-o for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now us*<?. or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County. In
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
cons' '"itively numbered, and each form
I and blank shall be known as No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount cf the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain tha
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
, quantity and quality being considered.
, The Clerk of the Supervisors shall hays
rooms in the C'.ty Hall for the custody
; of such stationery, and when purchased
' the same shall be delivered to him. and
he shall'issueand distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
; He shall keet> accounts In detail.
' charging himsel! with all goods re-
I ceived, and crediting himself with the.
i goods delivered upon order or reqnisl
j tion. as hereinafter provided. "When
j any of such supplies are required, for
! any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall Issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
I made in a similar manner. The Clerk
I shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
1 ; printing ordered by and delivered to
any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
1 County, or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that pronosed .\y any other
bidder, or v ' • shall favor one b'dder
over another, by sriving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder in regard to the char
! acter of the material or supplies called
■ for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplied of a quality inferior
to that called for. by the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify, to a great
er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to ' the re
i celpt of a greater amo -:nt or different
33kinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for in
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the Mayor. All such con
tracts must be countersigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awarded to him or to perform the same,
new bids must be invited, and a con
tract awarded as provided herein In
the first Instance. "When the Supervis
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
Interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bids and causs
the notice for proposals to be readver
tlsed.
Sec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fice, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to pay for gas, electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER I.
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first j
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and ;
commissions of the City and County i
shall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of the amount of ex- !
pendlture, specifying in detail the ob- j
Jects thereof, required in their respec- !
tive departments, offices, boards and
oommlssiona, including a statement of j
the salaries of their subordinates. Dv- ;
plicates of these estimates shall be j
Bent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b -"ore the first Monday j
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate j
of the probable expenditures of the ,
City and County government for the I
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
end pinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern- •
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each fund in the treasury; also j
an estimate of the amount of income |
from fines, licenses and other sources j
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon <
property, and the probable amount re
quired to be levied and raised by taxa- j
tion.
Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
**ay the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit^ and County
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared in such do
tail as to the aggregate sum and the
items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient !me or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
heard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
so appointed for such hearing
Sec. 4. Any item In said budget may,
within ten days, be vetoed In whole or
In part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
to overcome such veto. Action thereon
must be taken before the last Monday
of June.
Aftor the final estimate Is made in
accordance herewith, it shall be signed
by the Mayor and the clerk of the Su
pervisors, and t' several sums shall
then be appropriated for the ensuing
fiscal year to the several purposes and
departments thorp in name. The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Auditor.
Bee. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to be raided annually according 1 to law.
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Bee <5. Kxcept as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
he drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Bee. 7. Xo warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Pec. 8. The Super "~ors may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for ursrent necessities not other
wise provided for fc— law. No money
Fhall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
oi all the membe s of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 9. It shall not he lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to incur, authi rize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, in
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in
Fuch month of making or incurring the
Fame, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer having rinwer to incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
agreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
such agreement by number and date,
and all demands arising under such
agreement shall be payable in the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must inform the
person with whom it is proposed to
make such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely t n k~ avail
able in the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If, at the beginning of any month,
a money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, p.ueh unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof a.smay
be reouired to pay al! unpaid claims
upon piuh appropriation, may be car
ried fnrwni i nll ri expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except in payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of' the
Assessor's nnd Tax Collector's denart
ments; nnd for urgent necessities
sbnll be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Sec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense nf whose execution is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be hindincr or of any force
unless the Auditor shall Indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to p.- the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer makinpr the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished, Involving
the expenrHturr- <-" J*sp «-V"iti t— >ii 111 1 —'
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
Is required by lnw to he done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor Bhall make such Indorse
ment upon every Rich contract so
presented to him, if there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
j bo specified by the officer making the
I contract, and thereafter shall hold and
! retain such sum to pay the expense In
j curred until the contract shall be fully
j performed. The Auditor shall furnish
. weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
j partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon-
I day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
j to be levied upon all property not cx
i empt from taxation. The amount shall
| be sufficient to provide for the payment
i during the fiscal year of all demands
I upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
| tax to pay for the maintenance and
' improvement of the parks, squares and
j public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
I on each one hundred dollars' valuation
lof the property assessed. The Super
j visors in making the levy shall appor
! tion the taxes to the several funds.
Bee. 12. In making the apportion
! ment. the Supervisors shall take into
i account and apportion to the several j
I funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide !
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such ;
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super- !
j visors to provide for such necessity or I
; emergency. No increase shall be made j
; In the rate of taxation authorized to be !
! levied in any fiscal year, unless such in- :
| crease be authorized by ordinance ;
; passed by the unanimous vote of the '.
i Supervisors and approved by the !
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in j
the .ordinance authorizing such action, I
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or |
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
Of the same for such fiscal year, or per- i
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred ;
in any one fiscal year to be a charge j
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro- j
vide for the collection thereof. They j
shall from time to time provide for the .
payment of the interest and principal ]
of the bonds for which the City and
County Is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad- j
Judicated, the Supervisors shall direct !
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus i
moneys to a fund to be called the j
Surplus Fund, except such surplus j
moneys as are in the several interest j
and "sinking funds, in the Common :
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li- i
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
Is in this Charter otherwise provided ;
for.
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans- ;
fer money from one fund to another or ;
to use the same in payment of de- j
mands upon another fund. The provi-
Bions of this section, shall not apply to i
fees paid into the treasury and placed i
temporarily to the credit of the Unap- j
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the |
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided ]
for by this Charter, shall continue |
therein so long as there shall be occa- !
sion therefor; and the moneys therein, j
or which may belong thereto, shall not j
be used for any purpose other than that '
for which the same were raised except j
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of ]
moneys received into the treasury and !
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to .sail
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for I
In this Charter for the maintenance, i
preservation and improvement of the I
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing into the hands of said Commission
era whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid ]
all the expenses of every kind for the i
preservation, maintenance and Im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the I
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liq '.idation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid Into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon s deposited with the
Treasurer on rpecial deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea • in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Fir.nen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried "orward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof '
remaining unpaid the end of the i
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AXD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
I money -i which may , subsequently come
I into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
I revenue for such year. Such demands
; shall be paid out of such de*. quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
i the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund ... applicable,
! which are not . ueemable before their
j maturity, it shall be the duty of • the
j Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad-
I vertise for thirty days, .. inviting pro
posals for the rurrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such, advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
; shall be awarded to the person or per
j sons offering to surrender said bonds
: for the lowest price. Upon such award,
; when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
; upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
j the amount to the person or persons to
| whom the same .was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp-
I tion than, the then worth of the princi
! pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
i ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTEB 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
; forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
■ the City and County or any department
i thereof, in his official capacity, for the
j performance . of any official duty, and
! all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
j moneys directed by law or this Char
! ter to be paid or deposited in the
: treasury, shall be paid into the treas
; ury. All officers or persons collecting
• or receiving such moneys must pay. the
I same into the treasury. No officer, or
person other than the Treasurer shall
j pay out or disburse such moneys, or
I any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim. or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
' any services performed by them in j
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for, any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Sec. T>. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of- such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt. 'S
Sec. 7. When any receipt is issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day 'of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service,,and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On . the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom Issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener'
if required, exhibit to the Auditor; or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving, the reports
prescribed; by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such ! moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law, and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund", the amounts so certi
fied, and. credit each . fund entitled
thereto : with the proper amount so ap
portioned. ' ,
Sec. 11. . Every officer who is by law
allowed to , charge : and collect, mileage
for the service of process,' or .other like
service,; shall at the end of each month
prepare i and deliver to: the' AuditOT r a
statement showing each process served,
the • title of ; the ■ cause, , the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified; by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treasu
rer for such amc-unt of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportionod Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the .same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending o-f the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before .they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board
department or authority under whom
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur»on the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3
The fiscal year within which the In
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable. -"
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to . or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereoi
to, and make- settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ..fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure. . •'■
A copy of such account in any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEJK. IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of It, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment . within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of whichsub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall : take
rank as of the day .of its rev} val.
ih'i- (i ■■;'■ :'-\: '-\ T ~~. * ,;,. ..* . '....'. — :
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold offi>e
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollaio.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
j positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
i observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner in i
; which they execute their duties and
! fulfill their obligations. The books. |
: records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
j ploy of the City and County shall at a
i times be open to his inspection and ex
; amination. He shall take special car
that the books and records of all de
■ partments, boards, officers and person
i are kept in legal and proper form,
i When any official defalcation or wilful
| ful neglect of duty or official miscon
I duct shall come to his knowledge, h
I shall suspend the delinquent officer o
i person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall :rom time to tim
recommend to the proper officers o
i the different departments such raeas-
I ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lie interest. He shall see that the law
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforcec
1 He shall have a general supervisio
i over all the departments and publi
i institutions of the City and County
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, an
shall have the right to attend the meet
I ings of any of the Boards provided for
j In this Charter, and offer suggestions
lat such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservatio
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur-
I pose he may use and command the po- j
| lice force. If such police force Is in- j
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov- !
ernor for military aid In the manner j
provided by law, so that such riots or
! tumults may be promptly and effectu
; ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all |
contracts and agreements with the City ]
and County are faithfully kept and
; fully performed. It shall be the duty I
| of every officer and person in the em- |
j ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
I the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer j
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any Derson j
reporting such facts and information ;
that he has done so-, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac- j
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for in this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be Presiden
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to thorn in writing the objects
for which they have been convened
and their acts at such sessions shal
be crmfined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of theßoan
shall be chosen President pro tempore
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER 12.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
gener.il accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
In his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He Bhall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,'
on what account allowed, against what
appropriate drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who has neglected to make hia
official returns or reports in the man
| ncr and at the time required by law,
t ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
; comply with any of the provisions of
I law regulating his duties, nor in favor
; of any officer or employee for the time
I he shall have absented himself without
i legal cause from the duties of his office
; during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person-re
j celvlng a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
i presenting for settlement an account or
■ claim for any cause against the City
i and County to be sworn before him
: touching such account or claim, and
i when so sworn, to answer orally as to
; any facts relative to the justice of such
I account or claim. Moneys placed in
: the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
I subject to the provisions of this sec
! tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
! Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
i ditor, must, before it can he paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le-
I gaily due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
'■ upon it the word "Allowed." with the
| name of the fund out of which it is
j payable, and the date of such allow
j ance, and sign his name thereto. No
| demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
i the provisions of this Charter authoriz
| ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
j shall not allow any demand out of its
| order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTEB IIL
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
clay he shall take an account of and en
ter In the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during, office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be Joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do bo in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint
custody bock, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account fif sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor ! - unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the Joint custody safe and
kont in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original." and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it. and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith. shaH afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Every lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be naid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Cancel^"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de-
I mand presented, also when presented.
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
I and out of what specific fund payable
: All demands shall be paid in the order
lof their registration. Bach demand
' upon being so registered shall be re
! turned to the party presenting it, with
'• the endorsement of the word "Register
1 ed," and dated and signed by the
! Treasurer; but the registration of any
| demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
I contrary to any of the provisions of
j this Charter.
CHAPTER IV
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary crt eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars: and during fo-ur months of the
year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of th«
State.
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and ex,tra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any tlnr*
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. H»
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac»
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
and not previously paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid mora
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and b«
debtor to the City and County for, th«
full amount of all taxes due upon the
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that It was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official dutie*.
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tim«
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named in such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Ta*
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard ct mply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making suoh report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VX
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding Buch election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alaryof tr-onty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the pc iple and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensate at thla
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take intohis custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a c*py of
any such hook, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he <>r his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount paiu for recording the
same, and shau number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions anu proceedings in all the courts
in the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's Juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers n the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall ea-h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER IL
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and \...0 shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
>n an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts "i ihis State, and he must
have been so qualified for at least ten
preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
be< ti an actual resident of the City and
County. Be sha devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against tl;e City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if Dot within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named In this Char
ter, when requ Bted bo to do by them,
or either o/ them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their sepaiate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit - ai.<l County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ-
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so h the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec 3. He shall keep on file in his
office ail written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer.
hoard or department; the l>riefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears: and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County is int< r< sted.
Sec. 4. He hall deliver all b?oks
and records. r< | rts, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County-, to l-.is successor in office,
who shall "ive him duplicate receipts
thr-r^for. ono of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
S^c. 5. The City Attorney may ap- ;
point four assistants, the first of whom ;
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundrpd dollars: the second
an annual salary of three thousand
rtollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint j
n chief clerk. wJ shall receive an an- |
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars: an assistant clerk who shall re
sn annual salary of nine hundred i
dollars: a stenographer and typewriter !
who s»ha!l receive an annual salary of ;
nine hundred dollars; and a messen-
II receive an annual salary i
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailer! by the Chir.f of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary In preparing and j
nrnseruting the litigation of the office, j
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail durine the pleasure of the City At- '
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all tlr=> courts of this State, and must
have been •« qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
mfssenffi r shall be anpoinferl by tTie
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his oleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
BECTION L The District Attorney
shall he elected by the people and shal
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County anc
must at the time of his electio-n be
qualifpd to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for .t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec, 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers confprred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He v -=>ll draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac- j
cruing to the City and County; deliver \
recelpts.for money or property received i
in his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with U-.s Auditor on the first |
Mondays of January, April, July and |
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity durir- fhe preceding three
months: keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or cjv.l, Ji. rosecut ed officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without fee. ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sions, the Chief of Pollce - the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Pec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorney! to aid him in tho I
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors n the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall nct'as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such nrosecut
ing attorneys in the Police Court are
not actually engaged In work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney for |
any service connected with his depart- I
ment. The assistants must each, at the :
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two years next preceding, his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
mlao appoint one chief clerk, who shall j
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual* salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales undenjudgments for the recovery
of fines, p^aities or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
i office for two years. He shall have all
j the powers conferred, and shall dis
, charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Pec " To aid him in the discharge of
' his official duties, the County Clerk
! may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
! who shall receive an annual salary of
1 twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
' ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of ' eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTER VL
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be In full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs j
unties by the general laws of this j
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow- i
in? deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
! dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
, ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
i twelve hundred dollars; one Superin-
I tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
] and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
; sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
i Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron i
.at Branch Jail Number Three, nine i
hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch !
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
! lars; one Commissary to act for all
1 jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
! Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
; and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
' Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
I services to be performed by h.3 depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION L' The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They si all each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments,
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their number a
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as axe now or
CHARTER FOX T±in CITY AXD COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:'
First — No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendants
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on anpeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after Judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth — A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
lif person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before, it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall ke^p his
nfpce open continuously night and day
tor the transaction of business: shall
draw complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds "taken in the Police Court: shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken In the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I , Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. T have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbrances
heroin described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed ,
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may issue ball
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing ball
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. S. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court In the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
rourt and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
, stenographers who shall attend the
' sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of thorn wh^re the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. TCach of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, in
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him. an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge Of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each clay a calendar of arrests in
which th" cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain Jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
Judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for \
the use and accommodation of the San'
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
a. polntment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid In the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of Its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on Its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediately
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of ah
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to the
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence a»
the time this Charter goes into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th«
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone, wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Eoard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing In
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to grani
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting 1 of th«»
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitoraand
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction In the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Hoard shall there
upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear u^ said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts f r the doing of such work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been I* 9 than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus snail con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
Is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to tht
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him.
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwise determin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
In case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken In all cases In the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, aa may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or Interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
mere thar one bid appear In which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so In session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder falls or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time It shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets he owners of the major part
of the . r itage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part erf the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original ..bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Board
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
in triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors: one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept In the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, v.ith two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances. Is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall Justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County In his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent.
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Publla
Works, a further extension may be
granted by vote of fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors. In case of
failure on the part of the contractor*
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work In this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be In accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for In this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that In no case, except where It
is otherwise provided In this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall ro de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTEB 11.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tu-i Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such Improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or' nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Publio
Works shall not approv> of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with,
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all such"
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at rig-ht angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or eroding will Le benefit
ed by sa*d work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date, and, briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the proi -rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, In case of a district, hosa owt-^jtmore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
to any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said work or making
said improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and. in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall oe taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
Bewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing raid objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making Buch objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and if said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of Intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings In relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary' a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
Bhall state In what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon-
Btrance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and Its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. Wh^n the contemplated work
or improvement In the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall In its res
olution of Intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any Interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
shall, at Its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
Fperified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and If said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
—its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as If
no objections had been made. In Its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dla
pram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area In square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to th«
work or Improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he ha»
not entered into any private agree
tnent, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
ehall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there Is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
(including all incidental expenses), In
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly rt-fer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any lncldentaj
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has b«en done, and showing
the relative location of earh distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall In
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for Its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a Hen upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Pec. 8. The expense of all" work or
Improvement done upon any part of
said streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First.— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross-
Ings and Intersections of sjtreets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
b. Of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. Of all work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
! owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of all sewers,
| cesspools, manholes, culverts and
j drains, and of all grading, planking,
j macadamizing, paving, piling and cap-
I ping any street, or portion thereof, and
, of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district It may be provided otherwise.
Third.— The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept In order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum sp-eat-
I er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
I street work and improvement author
! ized herein is to be assessed upon a
| district as hereinafter provided, such
I expense, other than that to be paid
I by a person, company or corporation
i having tracks on the street where such
I work and improvement has been done,
I shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
! or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
I the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two — The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
j streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
i alleys, places, or courts are finally ac-
I ceptrd. as provided in section twenty
! three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
I upon the lots and lands as provided in
' this section according to the nature
! and character of the work.
Subdivision Three—The expense of
j the work done on main street cross
j ings shall be assessed at a uniform
| rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
! separately upon the whole of each lot
! or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
j street crossing, and all the way on
I said blocks to a boundary line of the
! city where no such crossing intervenes,
! but only according to its frontage in
i said quarter blocks and irregular
! blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
i street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
| and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
i at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the next
crossing or intersection, or to the end
•such alley or subdivision street if it
;s not meet another,
übdivision Six— The expense of work
ne on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or courts on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, if it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering- or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
«reof, the assessment for its expenßo
11 be made only upon the lots and
ds fronting nearest upon that side,
I for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and. grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed Its resolution of Intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
i filling made by him or them in said
grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
I done to the established width and grade
I of said street, or to the centre line
! thereof, and thereafter may file said
i certificate in the office of the Board.
i Said certificate shall be recorded in a
I properly Indexed book kept for that
I purpose In the office of the Board.
1 Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
I order the grading of said etr*et, or any
I portion thereof, on which any grading
I certified as aforesaid has been done,
j the bids and contract must express the
j price by the cubic yard for cutting and
; filling in grading, and such owner or
' owners, and his or their successors In
i Interest, shall be entitled tocreditonthe
| assessment upon his or their lots and
j lands fronting on said street for grad
j ing thereof, to the amount of the cv
i bic yards of cutting and filling set
j forth in his or their said certificate, at
I the prices named in the contract for
said cutting and filling; or, if the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
| grade as chang d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be In excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
I and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall In-
I elude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth in any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
Rradlne thereto, and shall enter corre
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO,
! spondlng credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
j spectlvely by said certified owners and
' their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
i upon any lots and lands fronting upon
i said street and belonging to any such
i certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, ns provided in subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
I the expense of such owner or owners
i shall be upon the official grade, and in
j condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven — When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
! district the total amount of the ex-
I pense of such proposed work, and In
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
\ or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
| land in said district benefited thereby,
Ito wit: Upon each respectively In
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
I. 10. If at any time there shall be
street work or Improvement done,
none of the methods hereinbefore
ded are legally sufficient to au
se the Board of Public Works to
an assessment to pay for the cx
i thereof, then said Board shall,
c it passes a resolution of its in
jn to recommend the ordering of
said work or Improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment nnd dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record
ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons Interested In said
ataM nsment shall be deemed to have no
tice of the contents of the record
tho> cot.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
hi delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
contractor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
o.nd assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
Judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render su*?h Judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
the Her. of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ille
gality, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant Issued pursuant to
any euch assessment, or in the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in seven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to the Hoard for
another assessment to be Issued in con
formity to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make an:l deliver to
said applicant a new assessment, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land sot out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said Hen as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents. If they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment/ be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons bo assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shal!
record the return co made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due uoon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff ir»
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to It of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were Issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or In the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections In writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing: as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, Informalities
and Irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided:
and no assessment shall he held In
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided In this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect In the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or In the assessment It
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired Jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
dato of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the SuDervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date '>f the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue In his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of "the lien of said assessment, and re
cover tho amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with Interest there
on at (he rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of thlH Chapter the plain
tiff sha.ll recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees In addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery In said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, andllkeevidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court in which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as In other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of th«»
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk. In the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to Interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
In said notice what work Is required to
be done and what material shall be
used In said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the doiner of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by It In Its office for three days.
Inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Bald bids shall be delivered to It at Its
office on or before the second day after
the .completion of said posting and
opened by It on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved In
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the Inspection of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and comDleted without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
of the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the I
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sea 19. The person owning th© fe«, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action Is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
I such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
I lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
I or he may discharge any liability im
: posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon.^nd
may retain posse ~sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid az.d advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa/ment by
Sec. 21. The records Tcept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one yrars, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
| the Supervisors, and is in good condl-
I tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street lees than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs atid restoration of the street
damaged In said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adnmizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to bo done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said \*ork, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
Instituted in a Court of competent Ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re-
K»r in said action.
>c. 25. Except as otherwise In this
pter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in Thia Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets In any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "Improvement" shall b«
held to Include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any >
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con- I
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered Into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall Include the
price at which the. contract was awrard
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur- j
veying, measuring and inspecting the |
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet In width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published In the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be. a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or Improvement; and the land
theretofore Included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands In
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office- of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually In
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts \ accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping i
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings i
Bhall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements ani
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein, j
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of supplies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store and when, to whom, and f.>r
wr at' purpose each article was deliver
i cd. He shall be responsible for all ma
! terial and supplies in said Yard, and
I shall not deliver any article except
! upon the written order or requisition
\ of the President and Secretary of the
' Board of Public Works, and he shall
i take the written receipt, indorsed upon
! said order, of each person to whom
i any delivery is made, specifying the
I date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
! and receipt, he shall be liable # upon hia
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
' blocks or other material with whi<n
! any street or portion of a street may
i have been paved or planked shall, lr at
I any time removed from said street,
! be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
I accounted for and disposed of by tne
! Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of tha
owners of the land within said district
•who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oatha
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing tha
amount at which the sVime was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall In such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such Im
provement.
Before passing Buch resolution of In
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lota
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the hame of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
Bhall thereupon cause said resolution
of Intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at tha
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secreta»y of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing tha
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determina
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if tha
'Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said Improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed;
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation Is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting tho
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tha
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by tha
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause t» be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and Inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made]
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the In
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation between the value of said lot in its en
tirety and its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
g Or condemnation.
* Sec. 8. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained sik of the time of
said inqtiiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
caused to the same by reason of such
Intended Improvement, and the Board
shall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall ulso assess the bene
fits and damages which may result j
from the contemplated improvement J
of the lands within Bald district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and Improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
Improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and landc;.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
■when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Bee. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
Pact as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book nf Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
Buch record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
-. a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein: and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
nnd County, the owner thereof, if
known land if unknown, that fact shall
b< stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as-
K°?sment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
> may alter, change or modify said as
nient. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and th*» assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re- i
port and schedule shall, within sixty |
days after the first publication of the |
last mentioned notice, be filed in the ;
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained ,
therein against the respective lots j
therein described as assessed, and for ,
the condemnation and conveyance to i
the City and County, upon the payment
of the \\_lue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land i
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the i
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint 1
some day, not less than ten nor more j
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard j
by said Court The Clerk of said Court '
shall thereupon cause to be published j
for ten days in the official newspaper, I
a notice of the filing of said report and !
of the day assigned for the hearing of !
any objections that may be made there- '
to. Any party interested therein may !
at any time before the day assigned for !
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
atlon of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified ■
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day !
fixed in said order said Court shall pro- I
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of aald report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
shall have and take Jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said heuring may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
nltered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described in
said report for the amount assessed
n gainst the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
s;nd improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
Judgment. Said lien shall remain in
force until said assessment la paid or
legally discharged.
Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
tn the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal the Judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If Tsaid judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
ph;ill take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made In accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
paid report, !f the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
r.f the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
nnd paid assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment « not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the*
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of \said costs live per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and In the
i manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
i as a result of the collection of said as
i sessment beyond that necessary to
1 make the compensation provided for in
I the next succeeding section, and to pay
; the necessary expenses of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in
i said judgment as the compensation for
; the lands to be taken for said improve
; ment; and upon the delivery to the
! Treasurer by any person entitled to re
i ceive compensation for any lot of land
i so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
| of land to the City and County, ap
i proved by the City Attorney, and a
j certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
j conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
; tion, after the demand therefor has
| been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
j lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
! for ten days to make and deliver such
'■■ conveyance, or be unable by reason of
j incapacity to make a good and suffi
! cient conveyance thereof to the City
| and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
: said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
, the amouut awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
! order of the Supervisors drawn by the
President and Secretary of the Board
i of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there an*
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
; petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of the said Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
i place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
Judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su-
pervisors.
' Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent parson to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing In the
manner and to the grade set out In
puch recommendation; but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance' of the Caper*
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public j
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matter* relative to the thorough, sys- |
tematic and effectual drainage of the i
City and County, and shall from time '
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of j
sewerage and drainage as it may deem i
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
i location, form and material to be used
i in the construction, reconstruction and \
! repairing of all public sewers, i.ian-
I holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all I
; other appurtenances belonging to the !
: drainage system, and of every private I
drain or sewer emptying into a public
1 sewer, and determine the place and
| manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con
struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AXP COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
I the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
' may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
! cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
j condemnation of such property, or for
j the ascertainment of such damages in
j the manner, so far as may be applica-
I ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION 1. All the "Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Hoard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
; than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
1 for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Dl
! rectors shall be four years. Those first
: appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
: out of office at the expiration of one,
i two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The _*oard shall organize by
; electing one of its number President,
! who shall serve for one year and until
his successor Is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER IX
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall Include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers i
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term,. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation, j
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying Into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with ot in the.
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such Investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
in each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common ' hoi Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools
Snould the Board fail or neglect \c fill
the vacancy so caused within threedays
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d-tties of
Cf-nsus Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
mon Schools.
8. To sue in the name of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be- !
longing to or claimed by the Bcbool !
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceeding*
or suits in equity conce.-ning the Mtju) -
ment and possession cf such lots. lunOs
and property. To require the ser\ ices
of the City Attorney in all actions, i
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the ;
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
| fully paid or provided for. The Board
i shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
; Ing it by title, date and section.
| Every person in the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
I President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
| duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
| all the members of the Board, shall be
j endorsed in the same manner as other
j demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be irame
| diately transmitted to the Auditor not
latsr than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
! of the School Department not required
| for school purposes; but no lease shall
i be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days in the offl
: cial newspaper and by an affirmative
vote of at least three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the
I Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
: tion in trust for the .benefit of any
; school, educational purpose or school
library; to carry into effect the terms
I of any bequest not in conflict with the
' general laws or this Charter; and to sell
■ such personal property as shall no
i longer be required for v:.-; In the
i schools. Al! moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
] School Tund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
i fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating In clear and explicit
! terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be
■ delivered, and cha}] invite proposals for
furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least ten days in the
i official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
> 111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
: vertlsing for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
1 the presentation and opening of propo
sals, the awarding of contracts and the
i security for the performance thereof,
j shall, bo far as the same can be made
1 applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
In violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taueht in each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average dally at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appolnt^ne
deputy for each additional eight
thousand ihlldren In average daily
attendance. If from ttny cause a
vacancy occurs In the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties Im
posed by the general laws of the State
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhnuses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such- measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education In the City and
County, and for the care and improve
m«»nt of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
•* leust twice a year and determine
'. r standing and classification. To;
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any prinary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity. Intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to
1 recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTEB V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
i April In each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
1 shall be required during the ensuing
I fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
' the current annual expenses of public
! Instruction In the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
' plies to be furnished pupils, including
j text books for indigent .children; for
i purchasing and procuring sites; for
: leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
i ing and repairing buildings; for the
| support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
i dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
I other persons employed in the School
! Department, and for other expenditures
! necessary for the administration of the
i Public School System; but the aggre
! gate amount so reported for any one
! year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
; two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
i pll, who in the fiscal year immediately
', prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
: the Common School Fund a tax which,
i added to the regular revenue derived
i from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not cx
i ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
I for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
I and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
| fine, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
i the Board of Education may, with the
! approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
; Incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for In
I this Charter, for the repair and con
; struction and furnishing of school
; houses in place of those so Injured or
j destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
I ordinance, cause to be transferred to
I the Common School Fund, from moneys
In any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County is unprovided
■with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have Buch school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall be
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
Fhnll not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build-
Ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his senvices.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading llooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing- real and -ersonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be Inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, in accordance wltk
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in <he City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and j
of all real and personal property there- j
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent j
with the terms and conditions of the !
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a j
month, and at such other times as It
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of Its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, mon"", receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary far
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches' thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer of assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants;
and. with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of th<?
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use, either in whole or in part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIIL
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
! shall be a citizen of the United States,
i of good character, for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his ■ appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-flve years of age,
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER H.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall bo ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No 'person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com*
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two. three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors In office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein.
CEAPTEB IIL
Powers of the Board
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted in a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable* facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than, three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
I the premises where such business Is to
jbe carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
I the Board must be in writing, signed
: by the person making the same and
| filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
| shall be subject to all the rules and
I regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
i Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
| other article, matter or thing used in
| the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
j care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
: shall receive an annual salary of fLf
j teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
j cial custodian of all records and official
documents of. the Board.
CHAPTEB IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re-
I ceive an annual salary of fonr thou
! sand dollars. He shall have control,
| management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department In the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
! power to detail any of them to such
i public service as he may direct, and
I with like power to suspend temporarily
i any member of the Department. In all
i cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law ana
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
i shall, subject to the directions and or-
I ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the prisons of the City
County as are not by the general
under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall. In the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as mayb e
placed orders hands are 'promptly exe
-ed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis-
S1 Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night; and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found. .
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of tho
one or more of the members of tho
I artment to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at hia
[ pleasure members of the Department to
! act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
son Keepers and Property Clerk.
1 Chief Clerk and said Property
rk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the beat
interest of the City and County, to be
i paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
! orders signed by the Chief of Police,
i such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police Inspection,
! supervision nnd control, over all pawn
| brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
' ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings nust first procure permits from tho
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
! power the Chief may by authority in
i writing from time to time empower
! members of the Police Department,
i when in search of property feloniously
: obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
' vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
! any such person. Any such member. of
I the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may in writing by the Chief of
ice, may examine property nllegr<l
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
ed, lost, strayed * or ' stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers. *
SECTION 1. Subordinate officers otthe Police Department shall consist of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hund.ed and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
•who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four
dollars.
Sec 2 There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
Pec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
Sec. 4. There shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed "ne Sergeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Pec. 6. There shall be as many Cor
porals as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable. The du
ties of Corporals shall Le defined b- the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captains. Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
Fhall receive .an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. ■ Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
nnd ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of "police. Their duties shall
be defiled by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County «liall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Pec. 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions. Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION* 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
lidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
nent guilty of any offense, or violation
sf rules and regulations, shall be
iable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to bo fixed by the Commission
er?, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
;ause, or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of, and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun
sel: to have a public trial; and to se
rure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all r.-itnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or In
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may in any way come into the
possession or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Pron
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Por.-k, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Pec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before '
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that ,
th* person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or- ;
-ler such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but ncrt to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
.rial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of !
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused
See. 3 All unclaimed property and
money that has been In the custody of
the Property cierk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having '
been five times advertised in the official
newspaper; and the proceeds of such
Bale shall be paid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police "Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Tn no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from insane persons shall not
become part of such Fund until after
thA expiration of three years from the
time the same is paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police shall, during such period
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable.
Sec. 4. If any property or money In
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence 1n any Court. It
Phnll be delivered to any officer whr>
shall present an order in writing to
that effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Sec. 5. All valuables and money in
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer In nuch manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
is may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
RECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
In the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall oontlnue therein without
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go into effect
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as ,the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the i
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an •examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicing physicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur- j
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea- J
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re- j
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- |
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to i
one-half of the amount of the salary j
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire- I
ment. No such pension shall be paid i
unless such person has been an active I
i member of the Department for twenty j
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received In the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis- j
! sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
! and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
| lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
; County recommending his retirement
', upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De- j
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of a'.o.ry
attached to the rank which he may |
have held three years prior to the date |
; of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
1 death. In case his disability shall cease |
• his pension shall cease, and he shall be :
I restored to the service in the rank he
! occupied at the time of his retirement, j
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out i
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund, !
| provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First — Should the decedent be mar
' ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de- i
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no !
i widow, but leave an orphan child or j
children under the age of sixteen years, \
such children shall collectively receive j
: a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
I the youngest attains the age of sixteen
; years.
Third — Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend- i
ing solely upon him for support, such !
parents, so depending, shall collectively !
receive a pension equal to one-half the j
salary attached to the position held by !
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioned
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De- i
partment shall, after ten years' service,
fife from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
deceased member and paid into the Re- |
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi- \
', sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under '
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make i
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en- i
; force compliance therewith on the part
|of the members of the Department. It j
: shall make up an estimate every year j
of the amount required to pay all de- j
mands on the Police Relief and Pension '
i Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
'< connection with and as a part of the
' annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward ;
any member of the Department for \
conduct which is heroic or meritorious. \
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board; ,
but it shall not exceed in any one in- |
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension |
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar- |
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
' April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants, !
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
[ Fund. Each warrant shall state for i
■ what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund i
Commissioners shall keep a public reo- '
1 ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas- ;
urer and to the Auditor a written or j
printed list of all persons entitled to j
payment from the Relief and Pension !
Fund, stating the amounts of such j
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the ,
President and Secretary of the Board. !
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a j
copy of such list upon a book to be kept I
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
! be audited and ordered paid by him i
out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
: the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
! the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
i ten per centum of all moneys collected
i and received from licenses for the
j keeping of places where spirituous,
i malt or other intoxicating liquors are
I sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from lines
; imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereor.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
6. Not less than one-fourth nor mor*
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
! hand merchandise, and from Junk
: stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
I carrying concealed weapons.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A]ST> COUNTY OF SA]S FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Relict
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to Its order. Pay
ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors in their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number j
President who shall hold office for one ;
year. The Board may appoint a Secre- j
tary who shall perform such duties as j
the Board may prescribe. He shall re- j
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet '
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties :
of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the ■
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi- j
tlons in the Department must be eltl- ■
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents j
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the j
Commissioners, and upon such exam- |
ination be found in sound bodily health. !
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee !
of the Department shall be appointed, I
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for
cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see j
that the officers, members and em- ;
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per- i
taining to- the Department are carried !
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency I
in the Department, and for any viola- j
tion of such rules and regulations may i
impose reasonable fines upon the of- j
fleers, members and employees of the i
Department, or may suspend any of j
them for such reasonable time as the j
Board may by rule prescribe. Such ;
fines shall be deducted from the month- I
ly warrants of the officers, members |
and employees upon whom they are
Imposed, and shall be transferred by j
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief |
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
su^h material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer In charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
j missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
< conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
| make its appointments of officers and
j members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
i Service examination. All future ap
| pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or except for cause
nor until after a trial. The iaccused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
j shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while In the actual
j performance of his duty therein bo as ,
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security p -companying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the ay .-ding t - contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, ars
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of th«
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report in writing thereon at least onc«s
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability ot
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed c f not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company' shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom- !
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di- !
rectors as Ftre Marshal and Assistant I
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant j
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar- I
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire i
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no i
event shall the City and County be I
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire i
Marshal shall attend alt fires which !
may occur in the City and County, !
and he shall take charge of and protect i
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not |
take charge of the same within twenty- '•
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have \
such property stored at the owner's or j
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all ;
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus- i
tible materials and explosives, together !
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re- i
suit of crime or that crime has been j
committed in connection therewith, the '
Fire Marshal must report the same in !
writing to the District Attorney. The |
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders i
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no ;
owner can be found, and at once pay j
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have j
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall j
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
wMthin the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be kno\>n as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for f he purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the came
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member of the Fire D»
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, ac >mpanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retire 1 from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p .sion equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third — Should the decedent leave no
! widow and no orphan child or children,
i but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
I receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
I the decedent at the time of his death
| during such time as the Commissioners
I may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
| who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January^ of
each year, and upon the call or its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of. the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to mrke rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month. Including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing: but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Rattalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers. each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars ; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents far furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
j management of a Board of Health. The
| Board shall consist of seven members,
i five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint'
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
j management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including: jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided In Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, It shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the publlo
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as It may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be 'necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
thfir duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may atmoint a
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his ap iointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students In their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The "Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surcery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services In private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to in
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding: of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting: of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
such apnointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first aDPoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, the case may be. at the
l*<=t preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party ending the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be
such third part-"-, and if not, then at
the discretion of the Mayor. "Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
eoual representation at ell times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the ereneral election last pre
ceding- the apnointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Pec. 2. No member of the Board, nor
"Registrar, nor Denutv Registrar shall,
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention the Durpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office;
nor be elieible to any other municipal
office durintr the term for which he
shall have boen appointed, or *or one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any election excent. to
vote and when acting as Flection Com
missioner, at whif* 1 time he shall ■per
form only such official duties as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
eanize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
To^ree he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars. )
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
Its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
Sec 4 The Board may appoint such
■ other clerical assistants as may be ne
i cessary at a salary not to exceed one
! hundred dollars a month each for the
I time actually employed. The Board
< shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
l shall be employed. The time of em
! ployment of such assistants shall not
! be extended except by like resolution of
\ the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
j Charter. . ,
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
i laws of this State respecting elections
1 shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
| cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
| stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER IL
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as tha
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder. City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor.
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Publio
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected a3
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It Is hereby '^clared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall hava
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
| works, telephone lines, street railroads
! and such other public utilities as tha
i Supervisors or the people by petition to'
I the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion,
I of water works by the City and County,
| the Supervisors must procure and place
I on file plans and estimates of the cost
!of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that.
j propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and,
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein-,
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
tiled, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase c.f such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County |
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the Citjr
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, aa
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
che acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such,'
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission,
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Cleric
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
nn authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. Ths
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors %
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said petl.
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
©Sst thereon shall be adopted; hut in
case the votes cast in favor of bothpropositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected. .
Nothing K\\ this section, shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ft ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same as
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided.
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, eau be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, In addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
Bpeclfy in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
Rupon such terms.
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon. . and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
Euch action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the coßt^f -which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of theCityand
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
nt-wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote, shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, ,at which
Shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
euch ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election. ..;-
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
Utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the mannir of voting
for or against incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to i>e issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. Nn Indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property in the
>City and County.
. Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a pine* to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on nil sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be Issued in denomina
tions of no-t less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference In the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such Interest shall not'exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly,
as the Supervisors may determine.
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
be sold for cash in lawful money. of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the officfal
newspaper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed In the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their Issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by the. Mayor and the Treasurer, and
phall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and signed by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office, of the Treasurer.
Sec. 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and In the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so In-
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
lame time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
stitute cause for the removal from
B?a?d°£,H?t y m , ember or members of the
itoard guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
R CIVIL SERVICE.
? CTI £ N I- Immediately upon the
ng effect of this Charter the Mayor
snau appoint three persons, known by
- ,-, 2 be .aevoted to the principles of
t, t ervice reform . who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
■ -•I one year, one for two years, and one
th F */cc/ cc years - Each y ear thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
1 "inmissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
* nnmissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
P ar fy- Each of such Commissioners
snail receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
°£ under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
3. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
lied to discharge the duties of the
tions to which they seek to be ap
ted, and shall include, when ap
riate, tests of physical qualifica
s, health, and of manual or pro
onal skill.
p. 5. The selection of laborers
I be governed by priority of appli
in only. No question in any ex
lation shall relate to political or re
vs opinions or affiliations. The
missioners shall control all ex
lations, and may, whenever an ex
lation ir> to take place, designate a
ible number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
| and County, to be examiners; and, if
tthe official service, it shall be a part
their official duty, without extra
npensation, to conduct such ex
inations as the Commissioners may
ect, and to make return and report
ireof to the Commissioners. The
mmissioners may substitute any
nner person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
r, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
dreeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
[ aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
sionera shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general
rage standing upon examination for
. grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
Me. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap-
Kc\ 9. The head of the department
ffice. in which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la- i
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
Ilflcation, sex shall be disregarded,
•pt when some statute, the rules of ;
Commissioners, or the appointing
er specifies sex.
c. 10. The appointing officer shall
fy the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of \
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
ftment shall he on probation for a
>d to be fixed by the rules of the
missioners; but such rules shall
fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the neriod of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the an
proval of the Commissioners, makt
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public Works*.
the Registrar of the Board of Election
OommiHßioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
I departments of the City and County
i mentioned in this section shall maks
such appointments in conformity with
•the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the Cit>
ana County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
\ portunity to be heard in his own de
j tense Such charges shall be investt
! gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
! missioners, be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall be
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pc
! riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
i all transfers, promotions, resignations,
I suspensions or vacancies from any
I cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
he kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall in
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenuro and compensation
of all places in the public service there-
Seo. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time. v
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or In co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examin d; or furnish to any
n any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or injuring the prospects or
chanced of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civi! service, a: i all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
I roved by the Commission under the
.Msions of Section twelve of this Ar
ia 20. The Commissioners shall have
er to Institute and prosecute legal
for violation of any of the
.•isions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to ;
Order Number One Hundred, by the
i word "Park," extending from Stanyan i
i street to the Pacific Ocean and known ;
: as Golden Gate Park; also the land |
fronting on Haight street, designated '•■
' upon said map by the word "Park,"
i and known as "Buena Vista Park";
alse the land designated upon said map :
by the word "Avenue," extending from '
Baker street westward until it crosses i
Stanyan street; also that certain high- !
! way bounded on the west by the Pacific '
| Ocean, and designated upon said map ]
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain!
! Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as '
j ceded to the City and County of San j
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all i
the other parks and squares in the City j
and County, and all the grounds !
surrounding public buildings in the i
' City and County, and all parks and i
squares and public pleasure grounds i
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
, control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
; successors in office of the Park Com- I
missioners holding office in the City I
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
: selves by lot that one of them shall go
! out of office at the end of one year, one
i at the end of two years, one at the end
| of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
i President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Boaid
i The Board shall establish rules and
; regulations for its government and for
> the performance of Its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
i bonds from all of them, except labor
, ers, for the faithful performance o?
their duties in such sums as may be
I fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at Jeast once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as It
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. No contract shall be f>nt?mj
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every "ontract
exceeding five hundred dollars Jn
i amount shall be open to public com
| petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
vfsions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by th-.j Com
; missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinance* for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park",
squares, avenues and grounds not mi
i consistent with the laws of the Stato
of California or with thia Charter. Such
\ ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any : person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction. 'n any
court of competent jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of ' four i members of
the Board. No ordinance \ shall fbe
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive . control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, ■ and the exclusive right :to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to • that end may employ and - ap
point superintendents, laborers, , sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from , donor*
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery. • . •. .... r • . ■
Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, . nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shi*:i not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in .svery
•such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall mnke
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for -pleasure
purposes only. No such builiin^ shall
bo constructed by the Board except it
be ithin' tlv objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, aye lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this se?tion. con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
1 • iiiiitting the use of a limited portion
ot any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose -ji? conducting
thereon a Fa> or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
b« rocessary to conserve the integrity
of said parks and squares, ami for a pe
riotl lu.-t greatei than six months, and
so as not to interfere wUh the use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall evf»r be granted oxecpt Bi:ch
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat«»
«v Municipal mportar.ee. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall fee used for th? purposes ci'
'any .-ueh Fair cr Exposition.
Stc. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
flit! request of the Comm'.a ' de
tall such members of the Police Force
of the City and County for service in
said parks, squares, av.er.u2B and
grounds as may be necessary for theen
fcrrcement of the law and for the proper
HJSt-ryance of the ordinance of the !
Commissioner*; and the mmissioners
may provide p place of det-ntiori wtth- |
ii» either of sa.d public pla 'es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
r >t ihe ordin; of the Bo*nl may be
detained teropciarily.
Sec. 8., The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im- j
provement of said park, squares aye- '
nues and grounds. All moneys' that
may be derived from such donations
legacies and bequests, shall/unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such- gift, legacy, or bequest, be de- i
posited in the treasury of the City and !
County to the. cr.edit-.0f.. the Park- Fund. !
The same may be withdrawn, therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is j
provided for the payment of moneys le- !
gaily appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares I
avenues and grounds. If the moneys '
derived from such gifts, bequests or !
legacies, shall at any time exceed in i
amount the sum necessary for imme- i
diate expenditures on said parks '
squares, ' avenues and grounds, the :
Board shall invest all or a part of the I
same in interest bearing bonds of the j
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any, municipality thereof
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on -such terms as It
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said j
State may erect and maintain an ex- '
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties o\the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining i
Bureau may be maintained and ex- I
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing. - __ .
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City i
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement i
of the proposed location of such work j
of art, shall first have been submitted !
to and approved by the Commissioners
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon
or allowed .', to extend over or upon
any street avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County The '
Board may require a complete model I
of the proposed work of art to be sub- I
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations
stained ; glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
nther sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public sWorks, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar i capacity, \ with
similar powers. in respect' of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to ; be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds," and -in , respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
lion .or private individual and which
shall extend over or uppn any street,
ayenue, ; hlghway, park or public place
belonging to the City arid County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
Impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or j acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort .within any park, square
or public place In the City, and County.
: Sec. 11. The Supervisors ; shall pro
vide ( all-necessary money for the main- 1
tenance, \ preservation and improve
ment of said parks, . squares, : avenues
and grounds, and to that, end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not.l less than five
cents nor : more than ' seven cents upon
each : one : hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by haw, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bortd of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond It
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. rhe bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept In the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
.Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars:
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars' District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten* thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of !
office he will surrender to his successor j
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond Is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of inoumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is alrendy liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal, I
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
See. 5. When under any of the pro
vision's of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient: and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him. and
Of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
See. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
■with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties. '
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
i County" wherever they occur in this
; Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
' of them is mentioned in this Charter,
! means a department, board or officer,
j as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
i ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
I next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
i County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
; the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
i section shall be sufficient cause for the
I removal of any officer violating the
i same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business or
in the sale of any article, the expense
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the name shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County; and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or Indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him,, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County,
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
j port of all the operations of such de
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be t»
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so Illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall b*>
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours.- Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector sha.ll ! c kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzler" public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause: and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
tame in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en-
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any ) erson so appointed.
Sec. 22 All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making: such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case. such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall havo the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending bofore
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
•which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
See. 25. All publications provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the gra-ntees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
Sec. 27. All ordinances or resolutions
for the Improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed.
Sec. 28. Ail ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County In force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not In
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to the other expenses of the
City and County will exceed the Income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they must by
ordinance passed Ly t&a affirmative Tot*
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply- to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to- the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
fb the time when and the kind of
money In which said bonded In
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor In any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part In the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or Indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office of
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member: and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, m
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of Jairtiary in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than 6aid last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining In the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, th* balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this Charter, Out of th«40
paid General Fund shall be paid, as In i
this section hereinafter provided, all |
the expenses of th«s various depart- !
ments of the City and County, except i
ouch expenses as are by this Charter i
to be paid out of the Funds specifically ■
provided for the payment of such ex- 1
penses. For the .six months ending on ;
the thirtieth day of June, in the year j
nineteen hum. red, each and every 01
said departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to eh of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much o f said moneys
set apart by said Board of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of 1 üblic Streets,
Highways and Squ for the fiscal
year ending on said thir^'eth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
shall remain unexpended at the time
this Charter * kes effect, shall be ex
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
its charge. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
of specific funds hall be paid during
Bald six months out t the General
Fund. Should the moneys sc apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex
isting municipality to any department
if the City r.nd County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
rconths, or should any dpartment cre
ated by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
sK months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of ;
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
seven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article IX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
out of the General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
is the existing municipality of the City
and County of San Francisco, and the |
several funds vhk j are to be trans
ferred as In this section provided are j
funds of said existing municipality. All i
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and !
■which are authorized by law, shall be
nued in the treasury until the ne
>y for their continuance ceases.
Sec. 38. Vhen the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balajice remains in such
the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Chart - shall he published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of general circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
a::«-r sulli publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twt>nty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
City ami County voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to th-j Lerislature of the State
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall th r eupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of Tan Francisco, and shall
puperse ' the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at . -id election
shall bo as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, YES.
FOR THE NEW T ~ARTER, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the people, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such officers shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
p.rard of Election Commissioners In
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by him, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and
County of Fan Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand inhabitants, on the twenty
seventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and
ninoty-seven. and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8, of Article XI, of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under
signed a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County: and we, the
members of said board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
rio propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
paid City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
thia twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON,
JAMES BUTLER,
H. N. CLEMENT,
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGE.
L. R. ELLERT, '
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHi. NIGHTINGALE. Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR,
LIPPMANN SACHS,
EDWARD . TAYLOR,
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
NEW YORK'S BICYCLE POLICE.
The work of the squad assigned to
the town of Newtown fairly illustrates
the work of all. Newtown, by the way,
has an area about as large as Manhat
tan Island, but is divided into only
eighteen election districts. The .village
of Newtown was selected as headquar
ters for. police work, and was connected
by telephone direct with police head
quarters in New York. A roundsman
was placed in charge at this point,
with two foot officers to collect returns
from the village polling places. , Three
bicycle officers were assigned to the
three polling places at Maspeth, two
miles away, one each at Middle Village,
Winfield and Laurel Hill; two each at
Ridgewood, Metropolitan and Glen
dale, and three more at Corona. : These
wiry and athletic representatives aof
the New York police force, as they
wheeled at racing speed over the coun
try roads of Queens, excited no little
admiration and wonder among the In
habitants of the rural villages. Many
looked forward with satisfaction to the
time when, along with the other ad
vantages of consolidation, they,, too,
could claim the protection of ; some of
New York's army of bluecoat defend
ers.—From "'The Police ; ;" Control lof I a
Great Election," by Police Commiß-
Bioner Avery D. Andrews, in the Feb
ruary, Scribae^ j
TEAMERS FOR
Kotzebue Sound,
St. Michaels Island,
Dawson City,
Minook Creek
And AH Points on the Yukon.
Avoid sailing vessels, which are slow and oftentimes extremely hazardous.
Many sailing vessels now being advertised are from thirty=five to forty=seven years
old and cannot insure. Take the steamers of reliable lines.
THE JOHNSON=LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
Shipping and Commission Merchants,
San Francisco and Seattle.
Address : Steamship Department — 609=611 Market Street, San Francisco, or Seattle, Wash.
General Agents of the JOS. LADUE GOLD MINING AND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OF YUKON, owning and operating the
LADUE=YUKON TRANSPORTATION COMPANY,
PACIFIC COAST AND KOTZEBUE SOUND TRANSPORTATION ANDTRADING COMPANY,
YUKON TRANSPORTATION AND COMMERCIAL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA,
CALIFORNIA=YUKON TRADING COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA,
NORTHERN COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA,
GOLD STAR TRANSPORTATION COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA,
HUMBOLDT NAVIGATION COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA,
YUKON STEAMBOAT COMPANY,
COLUMBIA NAVIGATION COMPANY.
The above-named companies, under our agency, maintain lines of steamers between San Francisco
and Seattle via St. Hichaels to Dawson City and points on the Yukon; San Francisco direct and via St.
flichaels to Kotzebue Sound.
1
Take Our Large and Elegant Steamers
For the above-named points. All steamers of the above lines are of large capacity, are lit by electricity, heated by steam,
supplied with cold-storage facilities, have commodious quarters for the comfort of all passengers, and set the best tables
of any steamers sailing on the Pacific Coast.
Dates of Sailings: • '
From San Francisco for Dutch Harbor, St. Michaels and Dawson— May 20, June 1, July I, August 1, September 1.
From Seattle — June 5, July 5, August 5, September 5.
Address
JOHNSON=LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
♦ ■
609 Market Street, San Francisco, or Seattle, Wash.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1898.