VOLT ME LXXXIV.-NO. 167.
RUMORED
DEATH OF
DREYFUS
Based on Mysterious
Telegram. •
PARISIANS BELIEVE REPORT
GENERAL IDEA THAT THE PRIS
ONER IS DEAD.
All Bequests of Mme. Dreyfus to Send
Clothing to Her Husband or
Communicate With Him,
Have Been Denied.
SpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call,
PARIS, Nov. 13. — It is reported here
this evening that Dreyfus is dead.
The rumor is understood to be based
upon a mysterious telegram received
from Colmar, capital of Upper Alsace,
signed by an unknown correspondent.
So far as can be ascertained there
is no official confirmation of the report.
The father-in-law of Dreyfus discredits
it. He says he has received excellent
accounts from the Colonial Office quite
recently as to the prisoner's health.
Despite these assurances there are
dark rumors afloat. In view of the cu
rious manner in which the letter from
Dreyfus, declaring that he had aban
doned all hope, was conveyed to Mme.
Dreyfus on Friday, many people be
lieve he is dead.
A dispatch from Paris on Friday
said that Mme. Dreyfus had applied
that day at the office of the Minister
of the Colonies for permission to send
her husband some warm clothing for
his return home. The request was re
fused on the ground that the Govern
ment would do whatever was neces
sary.
At the same time, according to the
dispatch, the authorities read her a let
ter from her husband to the effect that
having for five months addressed ap
peals for revision to General De Bois
deffre (recently chief of staff of the
French army) without getting ™"V re
ply and being weary and exhausted by
his useless appeals, he would write no
more to his family or to any one else.
He described himself as ill and dying
and bequeathed to the "generosity of
my country the care of rehabilitating
m>- meiiory."
It appears that Mme. Dreyfus then
asked permission to telegraph her hus
band the decision of the Court of Cas
sation. This request was also refused.
Then, through a friend, she appealed
to President Faure with no better re
sult.
The dispatch said her counsel would
bring the whole matter before the
Court of Cassation.
Careful inquiries made at Colmar this
evening show that nothing is known
there as to the death of Dreyfus. It
is now believed that the telegram was
a hoax.
TOO MUCH REALISM IN
PLAYING GRAND OPERA
Tenor Stabs the Prima Donna— The
Actress Faints and the Curtain
Is Rung Down.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 13.— At the Century
Theater, in the course of the presenta
tion of "I PaKliaoci," Tenor Francesco
Collenz carried out a finale in one of the
acts by a bit of realism that was not on
the programme With unwonted ardor
Air Collenz wounded Miss Nedda Morri
son, the prim;: donna, In the arm with a
(laßßer. Blood spurted forth from the
wound the actress fainted and the cur
tain was rung- down. Manager Levering
culled for a physician from the audience.
I)r Thompson 'responded and speedily re
vived Miss Morrison, who v.;<s fumed to
retire to her hotel. The wound is not
serious.
Will Make a Tour of the World.
DENVER. Nov. 13.— After the expira
tion of his term as Governor in January
next Governor Adams will start on a tour
around the world. He will visit first Thr
Hawaiian and Philippine Islands, and will
return through India, Egypt and the
Mediterranean.
TERRIBLE DEATH OF MRS.
MARIE PREAY, WHOSE BODY
WAS BURNED TO CRISP
Neighbors Attracted by b[er Heartrending Screams
Flushed to H er Rescue, but Could Do
Nottyng for Her.
OAKT AND Nov 13 -Mrs. Marie Preay, the pretty young wife of Antonio Preay, was burned to death
this aYternoon at her home on Thirty-second street, near Fourteenth avenue. Her body was burned to a
crisn and her agonizing screams were heartrending to the few neighbors who rushed to her rescue, but \wio
coufd "o *notnln* Tor her ln the throes of death Mrs. Preay related the circumstances that led to her un-
ZetLking off It appears that her husband, together with one of the two little girls, was visiting
friends at San Leandro, the other child remaining with the mother. .
At about 120 o'clock this afternoon Mrs. Preay decided to prepare dinner for her returning loved ones.
She ™ a kSSllnf tn S£ when her light calico gown was ignited by a .park. This sh e di « not »ott~ un
til her little daughter cried out "Mamma, mamma, you are burning." Overcome with the seriousness of
her conditlon-for she w« about to become a mother again-she rushed through the kitchen and hall and
out on the front porch and screamed for help; all the while the flames were consuming her raiment Soon
her beautiful hair was ablaze and her dark skin was burning A light breeze fanned the fla ™ 3 °"
deadly mission. Unable to call for help any longer she fell to the floor when Louis Fernandez, farmed by
her cries, rushed to her assistance. Quickly a blanket was procured and the flames were smothered but
the flesh was still sizzling when he carried her into the house, and between groans she endeavored to
tell him how it happened. The neighborhood is sparsely settled, but the few neighbors soon thronged to the
dying woman's bedside. Dr. Sill and another physician were summoned, but only the woman s pains could
be alleviated by them. Shortly after 4 o'clock— after a delicate operation had been performed— the woman
died with the corpse of a little one by her side.
Antonio was half crazed with grief when he learned of his wife s horrible death. Kind and condoling
words of his neighbors could not soothe him, and temporarily, at least, he is a mental wreck.
Mrs. Preay was a native of Portugal, aged 25 years. She and her husband were industrious folk, and
owned their little home on Thirty-second street, where they have resided the past four months, coming from
San Jose.
The San Francisco Call
SPAIN SEES
HER UTTER
WEAKNESS
Must Yield on Every
Point.
FIRMNESS OF THE AMERICANS
DETERMINED TO RETAIN THE
PHILIPPINES.
Their Last Memorandum Regarded
as a Virtual Ultimatum — Cred
itors Watching the Ne
gotiations.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
PARIS, Nov. 13. — Among onlookers
here the impression exists — though it is
not the result of any official statement
—that the Spanish Peace Commission
ers will not consent to a treaty which
the American Commissioners could
sign. It seems almost possible, also.
that in the pitiable pressure to which
the Spanish Commissioners are sub
jected between their large creditors,
who are on the spot watching them,
and the stern attitude of the United
States, the Spaniards may abandon
their struggles and leave the two forces
to confront each other.
It will not be decided until to-morrow
morning whether the next joint session
is to occur to-morrow or on Tuesday.
The Spaniards, it has been arranged,
will inform the Americans to-morrow
morning whether they need the day to
prepare their next memorandum. If
they want Monday the meeting will
take place on Tuesday. Under the
rules of procedure adopted at the con
ference, it is understood that the de
liberations may not be unexpectedly
concluded by either side.
The statement is printed here this
evening that the last memorandum
from the Americans is regarded by the
Spaniards as a virtual ultimatum, but
as a matter of fact the Americans have
not presented an ultimatum, save as
their treatment of the subject in hand
may be unswervable. It is only since
Wednesday last that the Spaniards
have begun to feel that the Americans
purpose taking over the Philippines
and that, too, without any assumption
of Spanish indebtedness. As they are
now convinced of this, it may be that
Spain's next presentment In the con
ference will be the supreme rally of her
diplomats' argumentative and tactical
forces. It may even mark the con
clusion of all she has to say. but if the
rules of procedure are followed the
Americans would still have another
presentation to submit.
Ever since October 1 it has been
within the range of possibility that at
any meeting an open rupture might oc
cur, and on one or two occasions it
might have been easily a fact even be
fore the taking up of the Philippine
question. The boundaries of the field
in which that question is being worked
out are becoming more apparent and
the angle of final settlement cannot be
far off. If a treaty is to result here it
may fairly be expected within three
weeks, although it is not true— as re
ported from the United States to-day—
that the Americans have instructions
embodying a time limit for the conclu
sion of the conference.
Judge Day has completely recovered.
The Gaulois this morning says: "The
acquisition of the Philippines for
twenty-five years by an international
syndicate, from which every power may
eventually acquire them, is a rumor
based on facts of which the Gaulois will
to-morrow (Monday) give dtails."
Following this lead, the Gaulois and
other papers will to-morrow announce
the scheme somewhat on these lines:
A syndicate representing $400,000,000
capital proposes to take over the com
mercial resources and advantages r>f
the Philippines for a term of twenty
five years, paying to the dominant
r therein $125,000,000 for the privi
lege.
Under the alleged terms of this
F'h'me, the dominant power would ad
minister the political and military gov
ernment of the islands at its own ex
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898
GREAT REPUBLICAN LANDSLIDE.
This County Map of California Sh)ows tY)z Republican Gain of F if teeo
(Probably Counties, While Losing None.
pense, under the apportionment named,
while the syndicate would collect all
customs and other revenues for the
term specified.
The scheme involves giving Spain
$175,000,000 to satisfy any real or imag
inary claims she may make as to the
territory. This feature is said to be
based on the assumption that the
United States will be the dominant
power. The remaining $100,000,000 of
this reputed syndicate would be pre
served as its working capital.
The sponsor of the project ia a Mr.
Young, said to be a son of Brigham
Young, and an attempt is apparently
made to create the impression that the
capital of $400,000,000 is already under
written. .
It is thought possible, however, if the
alleged syndicate has an existence, that
Americans may have an opportunity
given them to join with it in holdings
of large or small amounts. Whether
it proves veritable or otherwise,
friends of the United States here are
asking if the announcement of the
scheme is not intended to embarrass
the Americans by an offer, real or ap
parent, of $400,000,000 for a limited time,
for the use of which the Americans
may desire to acquire in perpetuity for
a pum relatively nil.
X.-fT-official Americans in Paris put
aside as unthinkable the assumption
that the United States would farm its
burdens or its advantages, if any, in
the Philippines, which, if acquired, will
be taken over as indemnity attending
the discharge of high responsibilitee.
In any event, the Amercan Commis
sioners will doubtless ask whether the
announcement is timed to serve the
ends of the syndicate or to hinder the
efforts of Judge Day and his associates
to affect an amicable adjustment of the
Philippine question.
INSURGENT FORCE
THREATENS ILOILO
Filipinos Overrun Panay
Island.
MAY ATTACK THF CAPITAL
INHABITANTS IN A STATE OF
TERROR.
Spanish Governor Bios cf the Vis
cayas Group Desires to Trans
fer Control to the Amer
ican Officials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Nov. 13.— The following ad
vices have been received from Iloilo,
capital of Panay, one of the principal
islands of the Viscayas group:
The insurgents have occupied Linga
nis, Oton and Pavia, suburbs of Iloilo,
and are daily expected to attack the
town. The Spaniards have abandoned
the mote and destroyed the connecting
bridges.
Business is paralyzed and the inhabi
tants are in a state of terror. The
mercantile houses of all nationalities
have signed a circular asking the com
mander of the United States cruiser
Charleston to remain, as the Spanish
authorities are incapable of affording
them protection.
It is reported also that the insurgents
have taken the whole of the islands of
Negros and Zl-zu of the Viscayas group.
As the cable connections are cut, it is
impossible to confirm this rumor.
On November 6, General Rios, Span
ish Governor of the Viscayas. is said to
have declared a seven days' armistice
in order to communicate with Madrid
with a view of transferring control to
the Americans.
Major Bell has gone to Iloilo to as
certain the facts of the situation.
The United States transport Scandia
will leave to-morrow with sixty sick
and discharged men.
ALASKA GETS HER FIRST
WINTER MAIL SERVICE
Semi-Monthly Trips to All Main
Points — No Extension Likely
for the Present.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— 50 far as the
postal officials are advised there Is no
warrant for any extension of service inthe
region about the Allankakat River north
ward. The Postofflce Department has had
agents in the interior of Alaska reporting
on the needs as well as the conditions of
the service, and an inspector from the
Railway Mall Service is now en route
there to go over the whole field this
winter.
The Allankakat is practically unknown
to the postal authorities. The winter
plans for the postal service in the Yukon
region are completed, and will consist of
a twice a month service via Juneau, that
is, the regular route through Dawson to
Circle City to Weare, where the Tanana
River joins the Yukon, and thence down
the Yukon to St. Michael. This is the
first time the Yukon has had a winter
mail service (which is now already be
gun), and the department congratulates
itself on having these facilities, getting
mails as they do twice a month to the
main points in Alaska, instead of having
no service at all in winter as heretofore.
No extension of the service so far as to
provide mail service anywhere north of
the Yukon is contemplated.
There is nothing in the possession of the
postal officials to point to a large migra
tion to the Allankakat region, though if
as many as perhaps 500 people settle to
gether in that section it is likely that
after location is positively shown, ar
rangements to ship the mail there would
be made. Otherwise any who may be up
there will have to get their mails from
the nearest point on the Yukon, along
which the regular carrier travels, the
point most probably being either Rampart
or Tanana. The points at which the
mails will be left on the Yukon route are
Eagle at the mouth of Mission Creek;
Star, at the mouth of Forty-Mile Creek;
Circle, on the Yukon, at the mouth of the
Porcupine lUver: Rampart, formerly
called Minook;- Tanana, opposite the
mouth of the Tanana River; Koyukuk, at
the mouth of the river of the same name;
Anvik, at the mouth of the Alvill, and St.
Michael.
From Juneau to Tanana the mail serv
ice now in operation for the winter season
is semi-monthly. From 'lanana to St-
Michael it is monthly. The department
announces positively that no extensions
of the service in Alaska will be made dur
ing the winter, and no service whatever
so far is contemplated at either Fort
Hamlin or Arctic City, inquiry as to
which has been made, though sufficient
settlement may call for such action later
on.
JERRY SIMPSON'S DEFEAT.
Sockless Statesman Says He Is Still
in Politics.
MEDICINE LODGE, Kans., Nov. 13.—
Congressman Jerry Simpson, who has Just
been defeated for re-election by Chester I.
Long, denies the statement that he has
quit politics. "I may not run for Con
gress again," said Congressman Simpson
in an interview, "but I nave not quit poli
tics by any means. lam still alive."
Of his ambitions after leaving the na
tional House, however, Mr. Simpson re
fused to talk.
BRAVERY [RECEIVES
ESPECIAL MENTION
Captain of the Cruiser Brooklyn Sub
mits Additional Names to the
Department.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— A supple
mental report of Captain F. A. Cook of
the cruiser Brooklyn, relative to officers
deserving especial mention in the battle
of July 3, has been filed with the Navy
Department. It is as follows:
UNITED STATES FLAGSHIP BROOKLYN.
Sir: I request to supplement my report of
the battle of July 3, and that it be filed with
that report made on July 7.
The splendid and efficient work done in the
engine and fire rooms was largely due to the
zeal and intellltf.-nce of Paswd Assistant En
gineer darter, who went immediately to his
station in the englne-rn.ims and was unremit
ting throughout the action in his efforts to get
the best speed. He was ably assisted in the
flrerooms by Passed Assistant Engineer J. B.
I'atton and Assistant Engineer Fitzgerald.
Naval Cadets U. S. Macy and J. H. Wood
ward were stationed at the battery and were
cool and efficient in duty.
Naval Cadet J. A. Hand was at the central
station and conveyed all orders and instruc
tions deliberately and well.
Naval Cadets J. W. L. Clements. R. W. Vin
cent, J. T. Bowers and C. W. Forman were
stationed in the powder division and did ef
fective duty.
Pay Clerk O. H. Hancock volunteered for a
station and did excellent work in the powder
division.
LOST THEIR LIVES
IN CONTROLLER BAY
Man and Woman Drowned Through
the Capsizing of a Small
Boat.
SEATTLE, Nov. 13.— The steamer Wol
cott, from Copper River, Alaska, brings
news of the drowning- of a young woman
named Grossop and a man named Tanker
son in Controller Bay, October 5. They
were rowing from the mouth of the Chil
kat River to Kayak Island, and their boat
capsized. The body of the woman was
recovered. On it was found $11,000. She
formerly lived in Minneapolis. With her
sister she ran a dance hall on Controller
Bh v
The steamer Dora arrived to-day from
Cooks Inlet, Alaska, with about twenty
passengers. Among them were Lieuten
ant Spurr, who, with a party of three, had
been surveying the territory between the
Kuskokwim and Sushitna Rivers. Lieu
tenant Spurr discovered a new range of
mountains of several hundred miles in
length, running from Lake Clark to the
headwaters of the Tanana. The average
altitude of the range is from 7000 to SOOO
feet.
TRENTON'S SPEEDY MAYOR.
At lieast $150,000 Ahead of the
Rubber Company.
TRENTON, N. J., Nov. 13.— Vice Chan
cellor Reed rendered a decision yesterday
in which he holds that Mayor Frank A.
Magown, as president of the Trenton Rub
ber Company, overdrew his accounts in
that concern to the extent of at least $150,
000. He also decides that Allen Magown,
the ex-Mayor's father, and a director or
the company, is civilly responsible for
$16 990 of the overdrafts, and that William
P 'Hayes another director, is responsible
to the extent of $3600.
Suit was instituted by Receiver Burd
with the idea of holding Allen Magown
and William P. Hayes responsible for the
c-x-Mayors overdrafts, on the ground that
they had been negligent in thejr duties as
directors. , . , 
The Vice Chancellor expressed himself
crettv freely as to Magown's reckless
conduct in using the funds of the company
for his own personal benefit and says it
is clear that Alien Magown and Hayes
were negligent in their dealings, but they
can only be held responsible to the credi
tors from the time they knew the com
pany to be insolvent.
JEALOUSY
URGED HIM
TO MURDER
Nickle Suspected His
Wife.
EVIDENCE AT THE INQUEST
CHILD DESCRIBES THE TBIPLE
TBAGEDY.
Mrs. Dale Shot Through the Heart
After a Vain Attempt to
Save Her Daughter's
Life.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
PLACERVIL.LE, Nov. 13.— An in
quest was held to-day over the bodies
of murdered Mrs. John fickle and Mrs.
Amanda Dale, and "Jack" Nickle, who
committed suicide after he had taken
the lives of his wife and her mother and
wounded his own child. It was brought
out that jealousy was the cause of the
crime. There was but one eye wit
ness to the shooting— the eight-year-old
daughter of Mrs. Dale.
According to the child's story, "Jack"
Nickle and his wife, with their one
month-old child, were at the house of
Mrs. Dale. Nickle had a Winchester
rifle, with which he fired at his wife.
The bullet cut the neck of the child
and entered the breast of its mother.
Mrs. Dale assisted the wounded wo
man to flee from the house to a place
about 100 yards distant, where Mrs.
Nickle fell dead.
Mrs. Dale was continuing her flight
in the direction of a neighboring ranch,
where her husband was at work, whfjn
Nickle fired a bullet through her heart,
killing her instantly.
The murderer then coolly removed
one of his shoes, placed the muzzie of
his rifle to his heart' and pulled the
trigger with his toe. He fell dead at
the discharge of the gun.
Beyond a statement as to what oc
curred at the time of the tragedy noth
ing could be learned from the child.
; She could not give a coherent reason
for the murders and suicide, but enough
has been learned to make it certain
i that Nickle was JealOUS of his wife
and that he believed her stepfather
wa« a rival for her affections.
Ml of the principals to the tragedy
had a tinge of Indian blood in their
-veins, but were industrious and of good
: repute.
WRECK AT STOCKTON.
Freight Train Crashes Into the Oak
dale Combination Local.
STOCKTON. Nov. 13.— A freight train
from the north struck the Oakdale train
as it was backing down the Weber
avenue track late this afternoon, and the
passenger and combination coaches com
posing the latter were demolished. The
freight was running at a high speed and
that a score of people were not killed was
due to the fact that the passenger was
merely backing into position. The freight
struck the passenger coach squarely,
knocking it several yards from the track.
With it went the combination express and
mail car. The freight locomotive was
badly damaged. The train hands all
escaped.
ZOLA IS NOT COMING.
Cousin of the Famous Author Denies
a Report.
KANSAS CITY, Nov 13.— Edward Zola,
a resident of this city, and a cousin of
Emile Zola, the champion of Dreyfus,
says that the report that the French au
thor is coming to this country shortly
is untrue. Edward Zola, who is an exile
from his country and who for four years
past has been manager of the Kansas
City Club, has received a letter from his
distinguished cousin, in which kmile Zola
states emphatically that he has no inten
tion of coming to the United States on a
lecture tour, as had been stated, or for
any other purpose, at least for a time.
Immune Captain Dies of Typhoid.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 13.— Captain
Pevton Randolph, one of the most promi
nent officers of the Seventh Volunteer
Infantry (immunes), died to-day at a local
hospital of typhoid fever. He was 25
years of age and commanded Company
He tame from the famous old Randolph
fa.mil v of Virginia and was a graduate of
the Virginia Military Institute.
RANDSBURG MEN
GIVE A WARNING
TO DESPERADOES
Fearing a Repetition of Incendiary
fires, They Serve Notice or)
Thugs to Leave Camp.
RANDSBURG, Nov. 13.— The following notice has been posted in
public places throughout the camp: . -
All ex-convicts, macquereaus. disreputable loafers without visible means
* All c^ c and bad characters are hereby ordered to leave Randsburg forth
of support, and baa cnaraci CITIZENS OF RANDSBURG.
with, xiy order k>l
Dated November 10, IS9B.
In the past year Randsburg has been swept by two conflagrations,
and there have been numerous smaller blazes, all seemingly of in
cendiary origin. The camp is overrun by disreputable characters
who would stop' at no crime, and who have no honest means of sup
port The citizens have at last determined to purge the camp of this
element and the foregoing notice is simply preliminary to decisive
action that will be taken the Citizens Committee if the warn
ing be ignored. The people are in earnest; the thugs must move on
or there will be a few whipping posts in use, or a lynching or two,
should they be necessary as a last resort. . ;; . .
The people of Randsburg are dwelling in fear of another conflag
ration that shall lay in ruins those portions spared by previous incen
diary fires. It is the purpose of the thugs in starting these conflag-.
rations to loot stores and residences while the inhabitants are fight
ing the flames. 'The conclusion was reached that no one here would
be safe until the desperadoes were made to leave, and they will be,
even if some of them have to be carted out in long wooden boxes.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE CHISPA
A CRAFT OF
MYSTERY
Second Tragedy on
the Yacht.
NICK BERG FATALLY SHOT
HIS ASSAILANT THE KEEPEB OF
THE VESSEL.
Shooter Surrenders to a Sausalito
Officer and Claims the Man
He Wounded Was a
Burglar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, Nov. 13.— TWe yacht
Chispa has become a craft of tragedies
and mysteries. Less than two months
ago Captain Brooks was murdered on
the pretty little vessel, and his slayer
has never been apprehended. To-night
there was another shooting on the
Chispa, and this, too, is shrouded in
mystery. The victim, Nick Berg, a man
who was arrested within the past two
weeks on a charge of burglary, but es
caped because of lack of proof, is so
dangerously wounded that his physi
cians forbid him to even talk of the
affair, and his story of the tragedy can
not be obtained to-night.
People along the water front at about
9 o'clock to-night distinctly heard two
shots in the direction of the Chispa. A
Deputy Constable who was on the
wharf at the time at once procured a
boat and rowed out toward the yacht
to investigate. When about half way
out he met a boat rowed by Ike "Elg,
who has been in charge of the Chispa
since the murder of Brooks. In the
boat were Mrs. Elg and Nick Ben?, the
latter unconscious from a wound in the
breast. Elg at once surrendered to the
officer, saving that he shot Berg.
Elg declares that he and his wife
were in the hold of the yacht when
they heard a burglar attempting to en
ter through the roof of the cabin. He
got his revolver, and as soon as he scot
sight of the fellow fired two shots, one
taking effect in the breast, just above
the nipple. The wound is very serious,
and the chances for the recovery of
Berg are slight.
Mrs. Elg's story does not agree ex
actly with that of her husband. In
fact, she does not appear to have alto
gether a clear idea of the tragedy. It
is declared by men who were in a
saloon on the water front that they
heard the reports of the revolver very
distinctly, and they are positive in the
belief that if Elg fired from the hold of
the vessel, as he claims to have done,
they would not have heard the shots.
They say that .the reports sounded as
though the revolver had been fired in
the open air.
The officials have not yet reached a
conclusion as to the cause of the trag
edy, and whether the story told by El*
is to believed. They are waiting for
the victim to recover sufficiently to give
a lucid account of what transpired
aboard the tragedy craft. In the mean
time, Elg is being held in custody.
CUBAN COMMISSION
TO VISIT M'KINLEf
Coming to Lay Before the President
the Wishes of Their
Assembly.
HAVANA, Nov. 13.— The five members
of the special commission appointed by
the Cuban Assembly at Santa Cruz ael
Sur last Thursday night to go to Wash
ton to present to President McKinley the
■wishes of the Assembly arrived to-day.
They left Santa Cruz del Sur on Friday.
A large number of Cubans were at the
railroad station to receive them.
The commission, which consists of Gen
eral Calixto Garcia, its president; Manuel
Sanguilly, Joe Miguel Gomez, Antonio
Gonzales L,anuza and Jose Ramon \ illa
lon its secretary, will leave for the I nl
ted' States on Wednesday by a Plant line
steamer. «__•.«.
There has been no exchange of notes be
tween the evacuation commissions to-
Ci The order of the city is maintained, and
the patrol by the Spanish regulars contin
ues.2
AMERICAN COAST
DEFENSE SHOULD
BE INCREASED
The Report of General
Flagler.
LESSONS TAUGHT BY THE WAR
TOO LATE TO BUILD FORTS WHEN
FIGHTING BEGIITS.
Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance Says
Congress Has Always Ignored
Requests From His De
partment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13. — General
W. D. Flagler, chief of the Bureau cf
Ordnance, has made his annual report
to the Secretary of War. It shows that
there were expended during the fiscal
year ending June HO, IS9S, $7, 348,795, and
that there still remains of the appro
priations made for the Ordnance Bu
reau 519.793,359. This large sum is de
rived from the appropriations for the
fiscal year, which were made for war
purposes, amounting to $21,504,592.
Regarding the equipment of volun
teers, the general thinks it would be
as well to have the Government equip
them instead of their bringing their
State arms into service, saying that
it could be done as quickly, owing to
the condition of the arms of State
troops.
He speaks in terms of praise cf the
manner in which work has been per
formed in arsenals and ordnance fac
tories in the rush that was made in
putting the country on a footing for
war with Spain. As to the equipment
of an army, he says:
So long as the principal dependence in
this country in a time of war is a large
volunteer force, newly levied, It is im
practicable to keep on hand large supplies
of cavalry, artlllerj and horse equip
ments, as th<-se, in the course of a few
years, will not only deteriorate, but will
have to be materially ftiodifted to keep
pace with improvements. The major part
of such material can, by taking .advantage
of the r< Bourcea of Rock [aland and the
other arsenals and the numerous private
establishments capable of producing it, be
supplied as rapidly as troops can be
raised, mustered into service and prepared
for campaign. There should, however, be
on hand field and Blege artillery with car
rtion of the harness re
quired for 500,000 mm. Such guns and car
riages cannot be turned out in large num
bers until about six months after Initiat
ing the work,
For equipping an army with a sup
ply of small arms, he thinks there !
should be a supply of 100.000 on hand of I
any new arm and the arsenals kept in
condition so as to produce 2500 per day. j
An Interesting feature of the report j
Is that which treats of coast defenses. >
The general says:
Attention is especially invited to the ex
perience of the last few months In at- !
tempting to provide quickly a coast de- j
fenso. It is believed to be Impracticable, j
and we will always be forced in any emer- !
gency to rely upon what has been pro- j
vided in time of peace. I think it fair to
State, though not In the way of com
plaint, that this has been urged on Con- j
grt-ss for the past ten years.
The situation is very simple. A plan j
has been adopted for providing a complete i
coast defense. With the present faclli
" the department, this work can ho
carried on economically and in the most
efficient manner in smli a way as to com
plete the present plan in about seven i
years. Estimates ought to be submitted
each year for so much of the work as the |
facilities for its production will permit. It
rests with Congress to determine how:
much of the work can be provided for
each year consistently with the resources .
of the country. But the work cannot pro- i
grese faster than the appropriations pro- I
lide for.
It i? probable that there must be added j
to the plans and estimates for the coast I
defense some provision for the defense of |
added possessions.
General Flagler does not claim for the
46-caliber Springfield rifle an equality
with the new .JO-caliber magazine rifle j
of the army, but says that it is a very i
good arm and possesses many merits.
Thia feature has heretofore been com- t
mented upon in discussion of small I
arms used during the war. The ma- j
chinery for the manufacture of small \
arm ammunition was none the best,
yet the department turned out 90.000,
000 rounds for the war. For years past,
the report states, the appropriations j
for equipments of infantry, cavalry, I
artillery and horses have been barely |
sufficient to meet the consumption of I
the regular army, and, although there j
were buildings, there was not machin- i
cry with which to manufacture these
supplies. It was not possible to fill re
quisitions for the volunteer troops j
when made.
Details are given of what was done
to rapidly Increase the coast defenses
when the war began. He calls attention
to the fact that Congress- has never ap- '
propriated what was asked for — powder
and projectiles — and in consequence the
supply at the beginning of th? war was
inadequate, and he gives some in
stances of the work done by the de
partment to make good the deficiency, i
The following statement is made, as to j
powder:
For several years this department has !
■ xperimentlng on smokeless powders
• coast guns, and had completed the '■
determination of the specifications and re- i
quirements for the unokeleu powders for '■
nearly all the sea coast guns and mortars, i
Some of the powder manufacturers that !
engaged in the production of these experi
mental powders had ample plants for
their production. It was impossible,
however, to produce the powders fast
enough' to meet the emergency, and in
some cases experience in their" use was
necessary for adapting them to all the re- <
quirements of tin- service. All the com- I
panics. however, were ready at once to I
take up the manufacture of the carbon
powders, and as the requirements for this
were simpler, they could expand their
plant for this production more rapidly,
and for a time this department, therefore
devoted all its energies to providing a suf- ]
ficlent supply of the carbon powders
Later, and as fast ns possible, the manu
facture was changed to smokeless
powders.
It should be stated, however, that
smokeless powder only was manufactured i
for field and siege artillery. The fact that I
the field and siege artillery was to be em
ployed was not determined until about the
time that the war was declared, and that
there were no funds available for procuring I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears' soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
ammunition for these guns before that
time. The preparation of smokeless
powder ammunition for these guns com
menced at once, but is was necessary to
issue immediately the ammunition on
hand for the batteries that were sent to
the front, and as this was all charcoal
powder ammunition, it accounts for the
fact that only this black, or charcoal
powder ammunition was generally used
in actual service against the enemy.
The furnishing of siege and field guns
and ammunition for the war encoun
tered the same difficulties as in other
branches of the ordnance equipment,
yet the bureau furnished such guns for
the Manila and Porto Rican expedi
tions. The artillery was not used at
Santiago to any extent. Of siege guns,
twenty-two were taken for seacoaet de
fenses at the beginning of the war.
General Flagler quotes the following
from the report of Lieutenant Colonel
H. D. Borup, chief ordnance officer at
Santiago, as to the defenses of Santi
ago harbor:
Before the outbreak of hostilities the
port defenses of Santiago consisted of
four antiquated forts, or batteries, of
which one— St. Catalina— abandoned,
and a second, Punta Blanca, from its po
sition, was useless. Of the other two,
Morro Castle constituted the outer line
and Estrella the inner on«. The arma
ment of the former consisted of five an
cient mortars, and two siege guns, and
the latter of two obsolete castirtm how
itzers, all of feeble power.
After war was declared four batteries
were hastily Improvised, all of weak pro
file.
Including all forts and batteries, the
number of guns may thus be stated:
Obsolete — Bronze, muzzle loading,
smooth bore guns, 6 inch, two; 4.57 inch,
two. : •
Mortars— l 3 inch, three; 9.5 inch, two.
Muzzle loading converted rifles — Bronze
guns, six; 3 inch, five; castiron howitzers,
eight; 5 inch, seven. .
Modern— Steel breach loading rifles, six;
3 inch, four; bronze breach loading how
itzers, 6 Inch, two: revolving cannon, 1
inch, four; rapid fire, 1 Inch, one; rapid,
fire, 2 inch, one. Total, thirty-three.
Or twenty-one obsolete and twelve mod
ern pieces; and of the latter four only are I
of comparatively high power.
The exterior line consisted of seventeen
obsolete and two modern pieces, the for- I
mer being furnished by the Spanish "U ar
Department and the latter by the Navy
Department. The bold front put up by j
the former seems to have been effective. j
The real strength, however, lay in the |
guns taken from the Reina Mercedes, so ;
that the duel between the fleet and the i
land forces was practically fought by the I
navy of both powers. After one of these \
guns was disabled by the carriage being j
rendered hors dv combat, the outer de- !
fense was really confined to a single
piece.
Following the above. General Flagler
says:
The war has furnished nn opportunity
for determining by experience the effect
of our modern seacoast armament against
modern battle ships. The reports of the i
experience gained, however, tend to con- j
firm the opinion that the fire from ships j
cannot silence the fire or seriously cripple |
the armament of our modern batteries;
but the ships could not withstand the lire
of our modern batteries, and that, there- j
fore, the ships cannot attack the batteries
successfully. Whether these ships can
run by the batteries without too great
risk has not been shown. This will de
pend upon the skill and rapidity wuh
which the guns are served, provided the
ships are not stopped by tne mines.
Considerable attention is devoted to
the progress of work at the various
arsenals and the guns which are being
made. On September 30, 1898, there
were 447 seacoast guns mounted. It is
estimated that on June 30, 1899, there
will be 900. and on the same date of
1900, 1189.
DAWN OF PROSPERITY
FOR THE_GARDEN CITY
What the Defeat of the Gang Means
to San Jcse and Its
Suburbs.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 13.— Now that the citi
zens of Santa Clara County have abolish
ed gang rule, and county affairs will soon
be under new management, the city and
county will certainly enjoy a boom about
the first of the year. High taxes and
mismanagement of city and county af
fairs have kept new residents away, and
thousands of dollars seeking investment
have gone elsewhere. The victory of the
Republican Good Government League in
Tuesday's election has already done some
good, and the people of San Jose and San
t.i Clara County are convinced that tne
officials they- elected will do their duty.
With public affairs in the right hands San
Jose and suburbs will enjoy the greatest
prosperity during the year 1899. New peo
ple and capital will come, and many al
ready here will improve their places.
The fight for freedom from the evil in
fluecces of politicians In this city and
county has been a long one. The gang
has been in power for years, and the tax
payers have been compelled to support a
large number of useless deputies and oiu
clals. Things went from bad to worse un
der this regime, and San Jose's misman
agement became the laughing stock of tne
State. The School Department and Fire
and Police departments were turned over
to politicians, and positions in them were
assigned as rewards for political work.
This is practically changed now. The
classes who were foremost in ridding the
people of the barnacles on the public
treasuries are determined to advance the
interests of the city and county. The Good
Government league, while a political or
ganization, is also for the purpose of ad
vancing the Interests of the city and
people. The organization will open per
manent headquarters and increase Its
membership. The city will be advertised
abroad as a place to secure investments
for^ capitalists, and Itß advantages set
forth. By this means the county will be
settled up. <">n a!! sides tne members of
the organization are beinp congratulated
for their splendid work, for to them all
the credit for the victory belongs.
The ballots in the County Clerk's office '
are being watched day and night
the contest that is to be instituted. As
soon as the official vote is announced by
the Board of Supervisors suit will he com
menced. Evidence of election frauds, it is
claimed, Is plentiful. The league will
contest the election of R. J. Langford as
Sheriff, G. E. Rev as Supervisor from the
First District and J. W. GaSfl as City Jus
tic-. It expects to win these three offices*
and thus add to the overwhelming de
feat of the gang.
MARCHAND ABOUT TO
EVACUATE FASHODA
His Expedition Will at Once Retire
by Way of Sobat to
Jibutil.
CATRO, Nov. 13.— Major Marrhand, com
mander of the French expedition at
Faahoda. started to-day for that point
with Captain Saratior, who carried ,uar
rhand's report to Paris find brought the
reply of-ihe French Government.
Oii their arrival at Fashoda the expedi
tion will immediately retire, by way of
Sobat. southwest of Fashoda, at tne
function of the Sobat River and the White
Nile, from which point they will move
overland to Jibautil, the French post in
the Zesa district, on the west coast of the
Gulf of Aden.
DROWNED IN A SLOTJGH.
Solano County Young' Man Loses Hiß
Life While Hunting.
SUISUN, Nov. 13.— Charles Lambrecht,
the 18-year-old son of Ludwlg Lambreeht, <
a rancher residing" at Scandia, left home i
on Saturday afternoon to go hunting on
Montezuma Slough. As he did nut re- j
turn at the usual hour, his parents be- i
came worried. At early dawn a searching I
party started out, and later in the day \
several Suisunites also rendered assist
ance. The searchers at noon to-day
found Lambrechl's boat capsized in #Aon
tezuma Slough. Search Is being made for
the body, which up to a late hour to- j
night had not been recovered.
DEATH OF DR. HALL.
Passing of One of San Joss's Most
Prominent Physicians.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 13.— Dr. J. Underwood
Httll, one of the most prominent physi
cians of this city, died this evening of in- |
flammatlon of the stomach. He was 75 '
years of age and a native of Kentucky, j
During the war he ha.d charge of the
Union Hospital at Glasgow. Ky. One of j
his sons is Health Officer of this city.
Colonel James Gilliss Dead.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Colonel James
Gilliss, Assistant Quartermaster General,
V. S. A., died suddenly to-day at Gov-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
KAISER WILLIAM'S
VISIT TO SPAIN
Devoid of Official Sig
nificance.
ASSURANCES FROM BERLIN
HEALTH PRECAUTION FOB THE
EMPRESS.
Diplomatic Circles Fear the Spaniards
May Make a Demonstration
Through Misunder
standing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— 1t is un
derstood that assurances have been
given by the German Government that
I the visit of Emperor William of Ger
many to Spain is entirely devoid of of
ficial character or significance; that
i the official trip of the imperial party
i ended when they left Palestine, and
i that the proposed stop at Cadiz and
' Cartagena is largely a health precau
tion in behalf of the Empress, as the sea
■ trip would be long and arduous if un
broken by these stops at the Spanish
ports. The assurances appear to be
voluntary on the part of the Berlin of
ficials and to be in line with the care
taken in that quarter of late to minim
ize and remove the bad impression
caused by several incidents occurring
during the recent war.
The State Department had not, so far
as is known, taken cognizance of the
Emperor's movements, and certainly
there was no purpose of inquiring as
to the stop in Spain, although this ac
tion by the Emperor was looked upon
as rather inoportune, to say the least,
when the peace negotiations with Spain
are at a critical juncture, and when,
technical^- the war is still in progress.
At the same time Germany has con
stantly reiterated her neutral and
friendly attitude, and the Emperor
himself took occasion in his last ad
dress to the Reichstag to -ive strong
expression to the German purpose to
maintain the strictest impartiality be
tween this Government and Spain.
At the same time the officials here
and in Berlin have recognized that a
strong public sentiment Of animosity
was being developed between the peo
ple of the two countries, and steps have
been taken to offset this as far as pos
sible. The last move in that direction
was at a recent dinner given by Chan
cellor yon Buelow at Berlin to Andrew
D. White, the United States Embassa
dor. and Dr. yon Helleben. the German
Kmbassador to the United States, now
visiting in Germany. It was intended
that the new Assistant Secretary of
State, Mr. Hill, should be one of the
guests, but he was detained in Holland.
Private advices received here by offi
cials state that the meeting was im
portant, as furnishing an opportunity
for a fr-j and full discussion of all the
subjects which have threatened to es
trange the two Governments and for
the establishment of a much more
friendly understanding.
It is recognized, however, among of
ficials. State and diplomatic, that while
official sentiment is satisfactory, there
continues to be an undercurrent of ill
feeling with the and press of the j
two countries. For this reason the pres- ]
ent move of the Emperor in stopping: j
at Spanish ports causes something: of
a shock in diplomatic quarters, as It is
felt to be one more obstacle in the way
of the happy approachment which was j
being executed by the dUthorities here
and at Berlin. It is with a view of^min
imizing the visit that the assurances
are now communicated as to its. non
ofßcial character.
The Fuge^Ptinn that the Emperor may
be asked by Spain to act as arbitrator
between the United States and Spain,
[:. case the Philippine issue becomes j
acute, is dismissed as absurd, on the j
ground that no such "lan would bo con
sidered for a moment, unless both coun*- !
tries joined in a request for it. The ar
rival of the Emperor at Cadiz and Car
tagena is awaited with considerable ap
prehension by the German authorities, |
as it may give rise to a Spanish ponu- j
lar demonstration open to misunder- j
Btandiner in this country. With a view
of avoiding such an affair, the German !
Charge d'Affaires at Madrid has been
instructed to notify the Spanish Gov
ernment of the strictly unofficial char
acter of the Empprnr's visit.
COLORED CLERGYMEN
ON THE RACE RIOTS
Meetings to Be Held in All Large
Cities of the Country to Dis-
cuss the Situation.
NKW ydrk Nov. 12.— Concerning the
race riots in North and South Carolina,
the Rev. Thomas Fortune s.-dd to-day a
meeting of OOtored citizens find others
would be held In Cooper Union on next
Thursday to diSCUM the situation. At the
meeting it 1h said that S. D. Bassctt,
United States — lnlster to I?ayti. will pro
sidf. All the pastors of Afro-American
chur^liHs in New York will take part.
Many prominent white citizens have been
Invited t'i attend the meeting, which will
be strictly non-partisan. It Is also added
that meetings Will he held on the same
evening In Boston, Philadelphia, Wash
ington and Chicago.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 13.— At a meeting to
dny of the Forum Club, composed of the
most prominent colored citizens of St.
Louis. Professor O. M. Wood, race com
miMioner of the organization, delivered
an address upon the subject of the recent
massacre of negroes in the Southern
Stat< s, condemning these acts nnd calling
for intervention by the national Govern
ment.
Resolution?, were adopted for the ap
pointment of a committee to draft an ad
dress to President McKinley, calling his
attention to the defenseless condition of
colored citizens who are subjected in the
States they live to all forms of violence,
and to ask him to Intervene in behalf of
humanity and good government.
The committee was instructed to circu
late this petition throughout the United
States for the purpose of securing signa
ture and co-operation of the colored cit
izens of the en Lire country. A copy will
be sent to each United States Senator
and Representative;
CHONO XI YES MISSION.
Comes From Korea to Be Educated in
. English. •;';. :
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— Chong Xi Ye,
connected with the household of v the
Crown Prince of Korea, and eldest son of
Chin Pom Ye, the Minister from Korea
to this country, has been appointed an at
tache of the Korean Legation here, and is
now en route, to take his post. He is 24
years of age and his main mission to this
country is to be educated in the English
language and customs. He. left Korea un
accompanied on September 25,' arrived in
San Francisco last* night and Is expected
to reach Washington the latter part of
next week.
Nevada County Soldi?r Dying.
PORTLAND, Nov. If..— ji.scpl. Doyle of
Nevada County. Ciil;, a i.vjm.iror uf i lie
California Voluni i uqw at Vancouver,
was struck by. a train ami fatally Injured
at Clarnie on the O. H. and last night.
He had fallen asletp near the rails. ;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November }3.
Btmr Olpiiy, Leland, 20 hours from Mosb
Landing anil way ports.
REYNOLDS' BOMBSHELL
STARTLES THE BOARD
Statements of School Directors Confirm Portions
of His Affidavit-An Effort to Depre
ciate Its Source.
The remarkable affidavit of John C.
Reynolds, published in yesterday's Call,
in which he affirms that $5000 was paid
School Director Samuel L. Waller to in
fluence the votes of seven members of
the Board of Education, created a pro
found sensation throughout the city.
For months an undercurrent of scan
dal has been heard regarding the ac
tion of the directors as to the purchase
of lumber and other articles required
by the department.
For the first time direct allegations
are made. The names of the subsi
dized directors are given and the lump
sum that was paid for "services ren
dered." This latter term Is alleged to
cover all the work done in connection
with the granting of the lease for the
Lincoln School property.
The accused men, men who are not
accused for the first time in their offi
cial careers, deny the charges laid at
their doors. It was not expected they
would acknowledge the guilty part they
played in granting the valuable lease
to Phil Crimmins, James A. Snook and
■E. W. Williams. The accused directors
are Dr. Ragan, Samuel L. Waller, Gal
lagher, Bantel, Burns, Drucker and
Hammond.
There are some matters of record,
however, that will require a lot of ex
plaining away, and the public which
cannot always be hoodwinked, has al
ready drawn its own conclusions re- i
garding them. First among these Is the
explanation of James A. Snook regard
ing a $5000 item on the syndicate's j
books, as being paid to Jacob Samuels
for legal services. Mr. Reynolds af
firmed in his affidavit that this- was the
,amount paid Director Waller and then
charged in the corporation's books.
The public scoffs at the idea that a
new incorporation would pay a lawyer j
$5000 for merely nominal services. The
Southern Pacific with its millions would
not pay so dearly for such a service, j
The leading lights of the bar could be
retained for a much smaller fee.
The marines will be returning shortly j
from Manila and the manipulators j
might tell the story to them. They j
are credited with believing any fairy i
story.
Alexander Vogelsang, attorney for
the Board of Education, affirms that he
called the atttention of Secretary I
Welch and of President Barrington to
the wording of the extraordinary ad
vertisement for bids for the Lincoln I
School property lease, but apparently
not until it was too late to rectify it. I
It was so Jumbled up that none of these ■
ATTORNEY VOGELSANG ENTERS A DISCLAIMER.
i ■ ■ ' - ■■•■• »
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: Referring to the article published this morning in your valuable paper,
in which is included an affidavit by John P. Reynolds concerning the leasing of the Lincoln School lots by the
Board of Education to the San Francisco Real Estate Investment Company, I beg to say that Mr. Reynolds has
therein done me a great injustice in saying that I prepared or "performed the operation" of jumbling the ad
vertisement for bids as adopted by the Board of Education. I deny the statement in toto and most emphatical
ly, and am at a loss to understand how Mr. Reynolds could have possibly connected me therewith.
I represented the Board of Education in the negotiations for this letting to a considerable extent; but I
had nothing whatsoever to do with the preparation of the advertisement. I was not consulted by any one in
regard to it, and I did not see it until the day after its adoption by the board. On that day I called the at
tention of the secretary, Mr. Welch, to the resolution, and asked him if he could understand what it meant; af
ter perusal he snid he did not. I then asked him how outsiders could be expected to understand it if he, the
secretary of the board, and I, its attorney, could not see what was meant.
Mr. Barrington, the president of the board, came in later and I asked him to read the resolution, and
asked him also if he could tell if he were a bidder, how to frame a proposal to meet the terms of the adver
tisement. He said frankly that he could not, and that the resolution should be changed to express definitely the
board's intention. I mentioned to him the importance of the matter, and that the board mi~ht be criticized
for its action in the premises. He thanked me for informing him of the ambiguous character of the resolution,
and said that in the rush and hurry of business of the night before it had passed without a careful criticism
of its terms. That is a plain statement of the facts, and shows that instead of being the originator of the reso
lution I was the first person to discover that it was ambiguous, uncertain, unintelligible and a "jumble." Yours
faithfully, ALEX. T. VOGELSANG.
men could understand it, and yet that
was the form in which it was submitted
to the outside bidders. Mr. Vogelsang
thus boars out one of the allegations
made by Mr. Reynolds regarding the
manner in which he claims the Board
of Education favored the Real Estate
Investment Company.
Politician Phil Crimmins seems to be
the chief beneficiary under the deal be
tween the Board of Education and the
investment company. Besides beln-;
one of the members of the corporation
he is also a tenant and he gets a "rake
off" going and coming. Under his for
mer lease Crimmins paid $600 a month
for the corner of Fifth and Market,
where he dispenses wet goods to thirsi>
politicians and job-seekers. Since the
property has been under the control if
himself and partners his rent amounts
fa only !?2F>O a month. The reduction is
said by one of the parties interested to
have been brought about in thia way:
Crimminß ostensibly pays $600 a month,
but receives a rebate from the company
of $360. This is in payment for "ser
vices" rendered. "When the profits are
divided among the stockholders Crim
mins of course gets his pro rata.
The alleged manipulators commenced
their financiering with apparently
nothing but their own assurance as
working capital. In order to make a
"front" as one of the alleged conspira
tors expressed It, they paid a man for
the temporary loan of a certified check.
It was not the intention to cash this,
but merely to display It like "stage"
money. F<?r the loan of this check and
for the additional sum of $5000 in cash
the syndicate was to turn over 25 per
cent of the entire capital stock of the
investment company, which was 2500
shares. The $5000 is the amount al
leged by Mr. Reynolds in his affidavit
as having been given School Director
Waller and with which he was sup
posed to subsidize the Board of Educa
tion.
James A. Snook, who, Reynolds al
leges, is the moving spirit in the Real
Estate Investment Company, has been
careful to have persons with him whom
he could control. Both O. M. Tupper
and Edward W. Williams are brothers
in-law to him.
The story in The Call yesterday was j
but the entering wedge in what may
result in the most remarkable disclos- ;
ures of official corruption ever laid bare
here. It is expected that the judicial
body, in which is vested the proper j
power to punish crime, will investigate
the charges made by Mr. Reynolds in j
his startling affidavit. The maker of !
the affidavit sticks to his original story
and with the aid of his attorneys will
press his claim for a settlement with
the men for whom he rendered services ,
that secured for them the much coveted
lease. In the pressing of this suit sen
sational developments are expected
which may involve men in high places.
President C. L. Barrington of the xioard
iof Education declares that he never re
ceived any intimation that the Real h.B
i tate Investment Company acquired its
lease on the Lincoln School property by
fraud or bribery. , __
"Until 1 read Reynolds' story in The
Call " said Mr. Harrington, "I had no
idea that any one would charge the Board
of Education or any of its members witn
crookedness in connection with the lease.
I remember all the circumstances at
tending the transaction between the
board and the lessees, and as far as I
know everything was done openly and
above board. 1 voted in favor of leasing
the property to the investment company
for the simple reason that it made the
best offer. I am only slightly acquainted
with the stockholders in the company, and
had no personal or friendly interest in
their success or failure in getting what
they were after.
"As has already been stated, the present
arrangement is decidedly beneficial to
the Board of Education. The city is re
ceiving approximately ?15,000 a year more
from the property than ever before. In
addition to this increased revenue the
board is relieved of all vexatious ques
tions arising over repairs, insurance and
delinquent tenants.
"I knew Reynolds when he was a re
porter about the Oity Hall. He frequently
reported the proceedings of the Board of
Education. I know nothing of his charac
ter or reputation. Some of his statements,
however, strike me as being somewhat pe
culiar. He alleges that Mr. Welch, the
secretary of the Board of Education, was
in the deal with himself and partners, and
that Welch was to put the figures in the
Investment company's bid after it when
the other bids were opened. Reynolds fur
ther charges that Welch opened the bids.
"I think the latter statement is untrue.
I do not remember of one occasion when
the secretary opened bids. The Superin
tendent always breaks the seals on pro
posals and reads them aloud to the board.
In his absence the deputy superintendent
acts. The certified checks which must ac
company bids are also read aloud. The !
papers are then delivered to the secretary
to be filed: the check is retained by the
Superintendent. I am quit sure this rou
tine was not departed from in the Lincoln
lease case."
"The only incident in connection with
the transaction, which has been men
tioned and which I recall, is the ambigu
ity of the advertisement. The 'jumbled'
advertisement as it is called. Attorney
Vngolsang called my attention to this
matter. I was very busy at the time with
the multifarious duties of my office, and
as thf question was wholly in the hands
of the Finance Committee of the b&ard
I gave r.o further attention to it. The
Finance Committee reported in favor of
the investment company and their sug
gestion was adopted by the board.
"My honest belief is that the arrange
ment now in force is the best that could
possibly have been marie. The invest
ment company gave a satisfactory bond
for the payment of the rent and they
contract to expend J-SOOO yearly for repairs
on the property. Regarding the $<500 worth
of plumbing for Crimmins' saloon, men
tioned by Reynolds, I am not aware that
it was paid by the Board of Education."
Charles W. Welch, secretary of the
Beard of Education, denies Reynolds'
charges in so far as they related to him.
"The assertion that I was to fill in the
amount of the bid of the San Francisco
Real Estate Investment Company when
It was handed in is absurd on the face of
it," said Welch, "for the simple reason
that I do not handle the bids at all. The
law requires that all bids shall b§ opened
by the Superintendent of Schoolß, and
this is Invariably done.
Mr. Webster opened the bids for the
lease of the Lincoln School property, one
at a time, reading off the bidder and the
amount of the bid and then passing them
to President Barrington. The bids did
not pass through my hands at all, and if
they had I would have had no opportunity
to insert the figures. Had there been any
blank bids Superintendent Webster would
have discovered them when he opened
them, for all bids were sealed and are
only handed In to the Superintendent at
the last minute; they never come to the
secretary's office first.
"All the intending bidders came to me.
some time before the bids were presented
and I gave them all the Information in
my possession regarding the property, its
condition, the tenants and the rental.
But further than that 1 had nothing
I whatever to do with the lease, nor had I
j any understanding with any of the direc
tors, or Reynolds or anybody connected
with the company.
"Even if I was willing to enter into any
I such job I was in no position to render
any service whatever, and people are not
paying out money to anybody unless they
receive something in return for it. It is
! certain that I did not receive a cent in
connection with the lease and did nothing
whatever to aid the successful bidders in
securing it.
"I know Reynolds well, for he was for
merly on the City Hal! detail when he
; was reporting. He came into my office
every day and frequently asked me for
small Joans. Sometimes, when he had
been drinking heavily I refused him; at
other times 1 would let him have $1 or
$~ uO or some such small amount, but that
was the extent of my financial relations
with him."
, "But Reynolds in an interview says
that at the meeting at which the bids for
the Lincoln School property lease were
opened he wrote the sum '$250' on a blot- I
ting pad and passed it over to you with a I
significant nod of the head; that you
read St, whispered to him tfafct you would
like to have that sum, and he replied «hat
■ you would receive it If everything (mean
! ing the lease) was all right."
"That is an absolute untruth. Rey
, nolds did not pass me a blotting pad or
anything f-lse, nor did we have any such
; conversation. In fact we did not discuss
■ the lease at all, and I was not aware that
he was interested In it in any manner.'
"I will say this about that lease " said i
Mr. Welch in conclusion. "It is the most
| profitable for the city that has ever been
! entered into for that property. Hereto
fore we have leased the different build
; ings separately, and were always having
trouble with bad tenants. We never se
cured as much rental for the property as
we do under the present lease, and the
! records will show it. The lessees are un-
I der bonds to keep the property in repair—
I something the city has had to do in the
| past: and now we collect our $4000 per
month in a lump sum without any trou
ble. This was more than the property
was ever leased for before."
"This is a holt frftrn a clear sky'," said"
Dr. Ragan. "I have just finished reading
The Call and I must say I cannot see
what foundation those allegations of Rey
nolds have In fnet. Leaving aside all
questions of bribery, he has got the story
of my connection with the actual trans
action entirely wrong. The records will
show that when the bids for the lease of
the Lincoln School lots were opened I
•■ championed the cause of John Mac Donald
I and in the committee of the whole and in
; caucus voted for the acceptance of his
bid. Mac Donald is a friend of mine and a
good man, ar\d I wanted to see him, get
the lease. Mr. Mac Donald threatened to
knock out the bids that were presented on
the ground that the advertisement calling
for them was ambiguous, and I told him
that if he would take such a step I would
back him up in it. When the matter came
before the board, however, he did not ap
pear, and I cast my vote for the syndicate
as the only alternative. Its bid being the
highest presented, and it assured the
School Department treasury a substantial
revenue for several years.
"If money was used in any way in the
transaction I certainly did not know of it
and had no intimation of it afterward un
til I read this morning's Call."
School Director Thomas F. Burns, one
of Waller's alleged solid seven, and who
was mixed up in the lumber scandal, was
seen last night in reference to Reynolds'
charges. He said:
"The story in The Call is all bosh. Wal
ler never bought me and no one else ever
gave me -any money to stand in on the
Lincoln School lease. I voted with the
majority of the board to give the lease to
the investment company, because their
proposition was the best submitted. As a
matter of business, I think the lessees
have got the worst of the bargain. When
the lease was under consideration I was
not acquainted with any member of the
investment corporation and I cannot tell
to-day who are in it.
"My opinion is that Reynolds is a bum,
and, being hard up, he manufactured the
story and sold it. I am not bothering
about it at all. There are no explanations
to be made. Every transaction in con
nection with the lease was wide open and
there were no charges of bribery or cor
ruption at the time. The proceedings of
the Board of Education were open to the
public, reporters were present, and had
there been any shady busines it would
have been discovered at the time.
"I wish to reiterate that I never re
ceived a cent for my vote and I don't
think 'any member of the board was
bought.
"The investment company made the
highest bid and they got the lease."
SPANISH TROOPS ON
THE VERGE OF MUTINY
Ten Thousand Men Declare They Will
Not Return Home Without
Their Pay.
WASHINGTON. Nov. At — Adjutant
General Corbin received a dispatch to-day
announcing that the Eighth Cavalry
sailed this morning from Savannah for
Puerto Principe, Cuba. The regiment will
be the American garrison at Puerto Prin
cipe and Nuevitaa.
In this connection an interesting bit of
information has reached the War Depart-
ment. Arrangements have been made by
the Spanish authoritiet to send back to
Spain the Spanish troops, numbering 9500
men. upon the arrival of the American
garrison. It was expected they would sail
next Tuesday or Wednesday, but an un-
expected obstacle has arisen among the
men themselves. They are on the verge
of mutiny, openly declaring they will not
return to Spain until they have received
their pay, now far in arrears, for service
In Cuba. The mutiny extends not alone
to the enlisted men, but to their officers
and is directed against the executive offi
cials of the Madrid Government on the
ADVEBTISEJIENTS. ■ _ _ _
>o<s>o<B>o^o<£o<S>o<£o^o<£o<£o^o<S>o<£o<§>^o<s>o<S>o^o^o<s>o#o*o<s>o^o<3>o^o<£<
AN ENGINEER
z
DR. SANDEN-Dear Sir: lam wllHnar to testify to the *«» a ™.s. s , ul i a 1a 1 tr ,e Be™
ceived from following your advice and the use of your P r - Sanden s ff er!nK greatly
I am an engineer on the Southern Pacific Railroad, and nave been ■ I s?J l °f e ,% e *"S
for the past three or four years with lumbago, dlzzines a. faint end ™^ to make my
a general broken-down feeling, which made it almost Imposs lbk^for n ma 0 }° y^f BeTts
run, which Is one of the longest on the road. I ye -<«>»= a completely cured me of
and . did so, purchasing the one you recommended. _ It^ has compie f th c^ ce Q greatest
all my troubles after two months' use and I can now ™ak e my use of the Belt, and
ease. I have never had a pain or a bad feeling arter me uj friends they all
I have more life in me than I have na /l™ r // e ars better and livelier than those
congratulate Tme on looking so well. ,I, I . al " a> * h Tsufferlng aa I was to try your
around me. I will always advice my fr.eruls « h » o a Jf n^ u^e than your Dr. Sanden's
Belt, for I can lay my restoration to health to : Tin nm*,
Electric Belt. With kind regards. I am }o s^ ce o K WEL,L 30S« Guerrero street.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
SftaSSdSSreelt " will renew yourTOuth. Reader. Sanden's fa-
mous book. "Three Glasses of Men.' It Is free. Address.
DR. A. SANDEN, * H.. ■ „ '
703 M»rket Street, Corner Eearny, Sin Fracciico. , * MJi IN UHUb olUHtOi
Office hours. a. m. to S p/m^Sun^ys/18 . — SandenV Electric Belt
to 1. Branches at^sAnpeles.Ca^^->ve« never Bold ln drug BtorM
Becond street; Or.^WMWngwa traveling agenU; only ;
Siffil^T3to^ri"J^&VSS! j >tourofH Cc;C c ; T *
110' NortM i Main street. / " ■. -■ ...,..'' w
island. Some of the men have not been
paid for nearly a year, and to all of them
several months' pay is due.
The situation has created' no particular
concern in the minds of the American au
thorities, as it is not likely to seriously
affect the control of that portion of the
Island by the American forces; but it is
realized that those 9500 soldiers, if they
should persist in their refusal to return
to Spain, might become dependents whom
it would be difficult to care for, and ulti
mately, perhaps, a menace to good gov
ernment on the island.
The Spanish authorities express no fear
of their ability to solve the problem pre
sented, but how they will solve it if the
men, backed by their officers, absolutely
refuse to return home without their pay.
is not clear.
NOTHING TO RETARD
THE NICARAGUA CANAL
Senator Morgan Thinks This Country
Will Carry Out the Colossal
Undertaking.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The Washington
I correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
i Senator Morgan does not believe, as ho
stated to me, that any new proposed Nica
raguan Canal scheme wiii retard the
, progress of the measure now before Con
gress He is firm In the conviction that
no other government wHI ever control the
situation. The measure now under con
sideration has, Senator Morgan says, gone
through An the stages of probation.
over two hundred engineers have made,
investigations and favorable reports, and
the way seems clear for a realization of
the colossal undertaking. Senator Mor
gan referred to Porto Rico on the east
and Hawaii on the west as commanding
I bases as well as coaling stations on the
; highway of vessels. In connection with
the Philippines a new era, he thinks, is
looked forward to for this country, and a
development of our coast and foreign
trade undreamed of before
BOY COMMITS MURDER.
Schoolmates Quarrel and One Is
Stabbed to Death.
EMPIRE CITY. Or.. Nov. 13. -Ray Hol
lenbeck, a young: man about 18 years of
age, was stabbed in the breast and killed
shortly before midnight last night by
Guy Beckford, a schoolmate. The stab
bing occurred in a schoolhouse near Fair
view, and was the result- of a quarrel
over the moving of the blackboard and
some desks in the schoolhouse
Hollenbeck started toward Beckford.
The latter told him that if he came any
closer he would stab him. Hollenbeck
said if there was to be any stabbing he
would do it. As he reached 'for his potato
knife Beckford struck him a fatal blow
over the heart. Hollenbeck cried out
"I am killed." and died almost instantly
Beckford made no attempt to escape.
BEATEN BY A MOB.
SEYMOUR, Ind.. Nov. 13.— T0-night a
masked and armed mob took out of Jail
John Baird, a colored Democratic stump
speaker, who had been Imprisoned on the
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tense^. Once outside the mob beat him
with gads, pounded him over the head
with revolvers and ordered him to leave
the town at -once. Instead of obeying 1 the
order he went to the Prosecuting Attor
ney and Sheriff for protection. A half
hour later he accompanied the Sheriff and
posse in a search for members of the
mob. It Is not known whether the
assault upon him was inspired by politi
cal spite.
Captured With Their Loot.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 13-^T. S. Williams'
general merchandise store on Market
street was entered by burglars last night
and $700 worth of property stolen. The
entrance was made from the rear end
and in the act one of the burglars cut
his hand. The blood marks left behind
formed the only clew. This was followed
up. and in a short time G-. MacCanJono,
whose hand had been cut by glass, and B.
I-udovico, were under arrest. All the
property was recovered, some of it being
found on the persons of the prisoners.
Hill's New Bailroad.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 13.— A Nelson
(B. C.) dlspatcn says James J. Hill Is to
begin work at once on his new British
Columbia railroad from Bonners Ferry,
Idaho, to Nelson. The contract was let
Saturday to Follett & Guthrie. The Una
will be known as the Nelson and Balling
ton. It will be about sixty miles long.
This will give the Great Northern a sec
ond artery into British Columbia,
To Be Governor of Malta.
LONDON, Nov. 14.— The Malta corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says it is re
ported that Lieutenant General Sir Fran
cis Wallace Grenfell, inspector general of
the military forces and in supreme com
mand of the 'operations conducted i*y
the Sirdar, General Lord Kitchener, for
the reconquest of the Egyptian provinces
in the Soudan, will be the next Governor
of Malta.
Tunnel Thirteen Opened.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13.— The first train
through tunnel 13, near the summit, which
ni burned a week ago. was the overland,
which reached here after 10 o'clock to
night. In another day the retimberinjj
will be completed, b*it trains are now
moving constantly. It will take a couple
of days to get the hundreds of cars of
delayed freight under way.
Five-Mile Record Broken.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 13.— John E. Wing to
day broke the five-mile record, standard
course, of 12:34, formerly held by Tony
Delmas, making it in 11:45. This estab
lishes a new coast record.
Football at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 13.— The Alohas of San
Francisco defeated the Garden Citys In
a football game to-day by a score of 6 to
5. The players were Juveniles.
CURED!
Another Happy Man Testifies
to the Grand Resnlts Re-
ceived From Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt.
There are over 10.000 men who
sing the praises of Dr. Sanden.
They are men who have been
lifted to the highest pinnacle of
manly vigor by his famous Elec-
tric Belt. They are to be £ound
in every town, and hamlet in the
West. There is not a town on
the Pacific Coast but has from one
to twenty cures by this .great
strengthened There must be
something in a system of treat-
ment that can show such cures as
San Francisco.DORN, SHERMAN AND FARNUM CONCEIVED A CRAFTY
SCHEME TO "FIX" THE BOARD OF BANK COMMISSIONERS
The Official Investigators Were Placed
Under Obligations by the
Wreckers.
The Conspirators Boasted That Hellman, Brown
and White Did Not Dare Let the
Pacific Bank Go Down.
D. S. Dorn, A. F. Johns and M. H.
Sherman were not only in the busi
ness of silencing some dishonest news
papers, but of corruptly influencing
Bank Commissioners in the great plot
to ruin the Pacific Bank and the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank. The let
ters of Sherman that are published
this morning prove the charge. Over
his own signature M. H. Sherman has
confessed that he schemed to influ
ence the olncial action of Bank Com
missioners W. H. Knight and Charles
Dunsraore.
This plot was one of the most
shameless in the whole history of the
bank wreckers' conspiracy. Two
months before the crash came Sher
man and his confederates thoroughly
understood that any honest investiga
tion of the condition of the banks
would result in the closing of the in
stitutions. They therefore plotted to
procure a favorable report. Nothing
could be done by the dishonest manip
ulators to influence the official action
of A. Gerberd.. ar, who was president at
that time of the Bank Commission.
The wreckers could not fight Mr. Ger
berding and they could not corrupt him.
They contrived therefore to deceive
him if possible.
This dishonest task was assigned to
D. S. Dorn, and he was so successful in
getting Mr. Gerberding out of the
way that Sherman congratulated him
fur his efforts. Sherman also shows in
his remarkable letters that the judg-
ment of Bank Commissioner Duns
more would be influenced by the fact
that Mr. Dunsmore's brother-in-law
had been given employment by Sher
man. Bank Commissioner Knight was
a close personal friend of Sherman,
who craftily remarks in one of his
letters that at a very critical time in
the history of the tottering institutions
he had dined at the home of Mr. Knight
in Oakland. The schemer also took oc
casion to thank J. E. Farnum, the
manager of the People's Bank, for
warning the bank wreckers of the
coming: of the Commissioners. Far
num. who is now the manager of the
defunct Pacific Bank, was a son-in-law
of Bank Commissioner Knight, and
through that relationship secured the
information that was so valuable to
the conspirators.
The warning was given in time to
permit the dishonest bankers to fix
up their affairs with some semblance
of honesty. The letters of Sherman
that give these revelations to the pub
lic are of great importance, and prove
the accusation of The Call that Moses
H. Sherman was not only the chief
agent in ruining the Pacific Bank and
the People's Home Savings Bank, but
knew it, and was as dishonest in his
transactions at that time as were the
McDonalds. Not only was Sherman in
terested in the Phoenix wildcat
schemes and his gigantic Los Angeles
deal, but he was very deeply involved
in assisting other manipulators to
keep up their drain on the banks. In
one of his telegrams he hysterically
begs Dick for God's sake not to dis
honor the checks of O. T. Dyer. In an
other he assures Dick that they must
all stand together, for any disaster at
that time would ruin them all and
their banks.
In this assertion Moses H. Sherman
very clearly indicates that he consid
ered the dishonest institutions as much
his property as they were that of the
McDonalds. There is possibly no more
interesting letter than one which is
published this morning to show the re
markable audacity of Sherman and his
confederates. In this epistle Sherman
declares that the other bankers of this
city, such as I. W. Hellman, Lovell
"White, Thomas Brown and others, did
"ANY DISASTER NOW WILL RUIN US ALL"
While Sherman and his associates were In New York trying to negotiate, the worthless securities of the Pacific Bank. R. H.
McDonald Jr. was In this city on the verge of desperation. O. T. Dyer, manager of the Riverside Bank, was continu
ally Increasing his enormous overdraft and rapidly dnvlng Dirk to Urns wall. Tnls drain of the Riverside Bank had be
come so severe that Dick determined 10 dishonor all -future checks merle by Dyer. This Information was telegraphed
to' the conspirators in New York and called forth a hysterical telegram, which Is given In fac-slmile above.
not dare allow the Pacific Bank to go
down, as the ruin of that concern would
provoke a run on the other banks and
in a period of financial uncertainty
such as existed in 1893 the crash of one
bank would destroy the existence of the
others. Sherman counseled, therefore,
if the worst came to the worst, that
| Frank McDonald and J. E. Farnum
■ should go to the other bankers and not
ask but demand their assistance. This
I is not unlike an offense on the highway.
Intermingled with these letters of Sher
man are other plots and plans in which
the grreat manipulator with untruthful
reports and dishonest sentiments suc
ceeded in maintaining his clutch upon
the McDonalds.
SHERMAN'S ABSURD ADVENTURE ON
THE WAY TO NEW YORK.
Sherman very seldom wrote any
thing more serious than nonsense. He
had been sent East to use desperate
measures to relieve the McDonalds and
their bank from the desperate situation
in which he had placed them. Upon his
energies more than upon those of any
other man depended the existence of
two great banks and the safety of the
public's money. Sherman had inspired
the road. He knew its possibilities and
he knew that the Pacific Bank was tot-
U-ring on its foundation. Dick McDon
ald was crying for help in this city
when Sherman went East, and one of
the most important letters that M. H.
Sherman wrote to R. H. McDonald Jr.,
indicating what progress had been
made in the awful struggle for money,
contained the information that Mr.
Sherman had stopped at some way sta
ticn, missed his train and lost his bag
gage. This startling information must
have been a relief to R. H. McDonald
i Jr. The letter is characteristic and is
j as follows:
NEW YORK CITY,
Saturday, Oct. 29, 1892.
My Dear Friend:
Here I am in old New York. It
seems like old times. The rush and
hurry, hurry. You would laugh If
you could see the shape I'm in. At
Buffalo I got out to get something' to
eat and the train wept off and left me.
It took my two bags. I left them in
the sleeper, and hat. etc., etc. Well, I
had to catch another train, but I
wired the conductor to care for ray
things and to bring them here. Thus
far I have not been able to get them. '
But I go to Jersey City soon to see
what I can do in the matter. Thus
far I have seen no one, but I have
written a note to F. V., also one to
Johns, and sent same by messenger
boy. lam anxious to know what F.
V. and the others have done. I sup
pose they write you every day here.
Well, we will all continue to do our
best. It seems strange that I do not
hear anything from you.
Later— Have found Mr. J. and have
given him my check for $100 to go
bank and get me some money. No
baggage and broke. One can hardly
help laughing. Hope the next mall
will bring long letter from you and I
will write you what I learn from those
here. <s Hope you are well and not
working too hard. M. H.
"ANY DISASTER AT THIS TIME
WILL RUIN US ALL."
When anything threatened to inter
rupt the flow of gold from the Pacific
Bank to M. H. Sherman or to cut off
the future supply of money for The
southern manipulator he had something
1 more important to tell than the loss of
, his hat. A few days after the fore
going letter was written, R. H. McDon
ald Jr. had come to the conclusion that
he would take a desperate step to save
1 himself from being bled any further by
the Dyers and their Riverside bank.
The situation of Dick in this city was
becoming unendurable. He was re
ceiving from the East words of non
sense and false encouragement, while
his field was becoming smaller and
smaller and he saw himself being cor
nered like a rat in a trap.
To save himself he decided to dfs-
I honor any check that the Dyers made
upon the Pacific Bank, and he so in
, formed the conspirators in New York.
j Thia meant that the Riverside bank
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
THE GREAT PLOT TO CONTROL THE BANK COMMISSION.
Moses H Sherman was never in ignorance of the fact that his schemes and those of his confederates were ruining the Pacific Bank and the People s Bank.
Shermanlnewthat h banks would not be allowed to continue unless something was done to influence the judgment and control the action of the Bank Com
mSn Sherman undertook *th s task When the examination of the Peoples Bank was to be made, a few weeks before the final crash Sherman under-
and Charles Dunsmore. D. S. Dorn's task was to get Bank Commissioner A. Gerberdlng. who was no party
\Tthl^s^neaißch^ior^Mc-DonaXaß,out of the way. J. E. Farnum. manager of the People's Bank, was to notify the bank wreckers of the coming of
the Commission and warn them to prepare. That the plot worked successfully is proved by the shameless confession of M. H. Sherman given above in fac
simile.
must close and consternation ruled in
New York. In this emergency M. H.
Sherman came to the front with a
startling telegram that contained an
encouragement that Sherman knew he
had no right to give. The telegram is
as follows:
NEW YORK, Nov. 3, 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr., Vice President
Pacific Bank, San Francisco:
For Gods sake pay all D. checks for
thirty days. Everything depends on
this and keeping all quiet. We will
surely close deal, getting you quarter
million cash now and balance soon.
Relatives and friends of D. here put
ting up part of this money. Also
Chicago friends. Igo to Chicago to
night, returning here soon. McKee
still with us; helping. D. must be kept
here working this deal with us. Any
disaster at this time will ruin us all.
Enemies already on our track, but
everything encouraging here. Keep
mum. We are keeping our plans here
strictly secret from all. M. H. S.
MAINTAINING THE TREMENDOUS
FLOW OF MONEY BY FLATTERY.
Another lying telegram was sent by
Sherman with the purpose of keeping
Dick in line. Day after day went by
and nothing but words came from the
East. Not a cent of money was ob
tained and hundreds of thousands were
needed Sherman knew his game and
made flattery take the place of cash.
The following telegram was sent to
tickle Dick into silence:
December 3, 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr., V. P. Pacific
Bank. San Francisco: Return from
Boston first of week. Your beautiful
letters all received. Am toiling con
stantly. Hope close up deal very soon.
J. is working night and day with us.
Don't see how we could do without
him. We well appreciate that we must
get you this money quickly. Please
be patient, for you will surely be the
winner In the end as a reward for your
faithfulness to us all. M. H.
PLACING BANK COMMISSIONER
DUNSMORE UNDER OBLIGATIONS.
On April 30, 1893, M. H. Sherman
wrote an exceptionally important let
ter, indicating that he had placed Bank j
Commissioner Dunsmore under such
obligations to him that the Commis- |
sioner seemed very anxious to please j
Sherman in every possible way. The !
Commissioners has just finished their
examination of the Pacific and the
People's banks. Less than two months
of life remained for the institution and
Sherman in writing to Frank McDon
ald did so to Indicate his pleasure that
the ordeal of examination had passed
so successfully. Sherman had re
turned from his foolish trip to the East
and as a matter of fact had done noth
ing, except to be busy. His letters
were written simply to flatter R. H.
McDonald Jr. into inactivity. All of
the epistles were of the same kind and
had no special meaning, except the one
indicated. The letter that relates to
the Bank Commissioners is as follows:
Sunday morning, April 30, 1893.
The Baldwin, San Francisco, Cal.—
My Dear F. V.: 1 go south to-day.
Would have gone before only it seemed
best to all that I wait here until
after the Bank Commissioners were
through.
The Commissioner, whose home
is in Los Angeles, is under obliga
tions to us for favors there; also
his brother-in-law is in our em
ploy there. Dunsmore's brother
in-law and Mr. D. seem very anx
ious to please us in every way pos
sible.
They praised the improvement
in the bank's condition, only criti
cising the matter of too much
money having been put in of late
in the Mohawk canal and a few
things like that.
In the other matters your brother
tells me he has written you. I asked
him to please not do so until he
(himself) and myself had made up our
minds for sure that we wanted to do
anything, because it was useless to
spend a whole lot of time writing
letters and sending telegrams and then
not doing anything. As the matter
now stands it Is decided that when I
reached Chicago 1 am to run over to
New York and see you and talk mat
ters all over to you there and we see
what is best. Really. I am not so
particular about it. One day I think
one way and one day another. Mur
phy is still in London. He sent us
forty thousand dollars the other day
and "dullest times are there. He thinks
he is going to surely make a go yet
of the whole business. Murphy has
been there a year now. Sincerely,
M. iI.
THE GREAT PLOT OF THE WRECK
ERS TO MUZZLE THE BANK
COMMISSIONERS.
It is probable that M. H. Sherman
never wrote in his life a letter of great
er public interest than the one he ad
dressed to Frank V. McDonald on April
26, 1893, in this city. In this letter
Sherman shows that the conspirators
who ruined the Pacific and People's
banks not only tried to deceive the
Bank Commissioners but to bribe them.
As Sherman tells the story in his letter
the wreckers outlined a certain and a
very definite plan of action. According
to this plan D. S. Dorn was to get Bank
Commissioner A. Gerberding out of the
way.
Gerberding had always been a thorn
in the sides of the schemers. Every
epithet their tongues could command
was applied to him for his vigilance in
watching the affairs of the two banks
and demanding from the bank robbers
a strict accounting for their action.
Whenever Gerberding appeared the
wreckers trembled and Sherman, in the
letter that will follow, declares that D.
S. Dorn did clever work in getting Ger
berding out of the way. Dorn's suc
cess was, however, only part of the
tremendous task that these men had
undertaken. J. E. Farnum, the mana
ger of the People's Home Savings Bank,
was to warn the conspirators in time
and to let them know when the Bank
Commissioners might be expected, so
that these manipulators who were de
liberately wrecking two great institu
tions might make their necessary prep
arations for the visit of the official in
vestigators.
It should not be forgotten that J. E.
Farnum was the son-in-law of Bank
Commissioner Knight. Sherman con
gratulates Farnum for having done his
part of the work. The other details of
the plot were left to Sherman himself.
As already explained he declared that
he had placed Bank Commissioner
Dunsmore under obligations to him for
personal favors received and for having
placed Dunsmore's brother-in-law in
the Los Angeles Bank. Sherman was
also a close friend of Bank Commis
sioner Knight and declared that he had
done his duty when he dined at the
home of Bank Commissioner Knight.
This in outline was M. H. Sherman's
confession of the plot that the bank
wreckers concocted to prevent an hon
est criticism of the institutions that
they were ruining. The result of the
plot is described by M. H. Sherman in
the following letter that was written
on April 26. 1893:
THE BALDWIN,
San Francisco, Cal., Wednesday.
My Dear F. V.: I wculd have
been away from here two or
three days ago but for the ex
aminers examining F. B. We
are all very anxious that the
examiners praise us and that they
help us. I think it will do
good. I was at Mr. X.'s (Oak
land) to dinner last evening and
am invited there this evening.
Your brother tells me that the
board seems very kindly disposed
so far. D. S. helped manage it so
that Mr. G. did not come to the
bank with the others (only two).
Mr. Farnum is just as good and
kind as he can be and found out
(in advance) that they were com
ing and let us all know, so get
ready.
He and your brother seem to be get
ting on finely now and there seems no
friction of any kind. D. S. is going
off on his vacation soon. Everything
seems as usual. There seems to be a
kind of quarrel or something between
your brother and Mr. Norton of Yuma.
Your brother has ordered him to stop
expense there and refuses to send
money down. This, so I am told,
seems to have made Norton angry and
he is kicking. I have been appealed to
to say what you agreed to do
when you was there. I refuse to talk
or get mixed up. The fact is R. H.
Jr. is trying to economize. You know
Norton Is a fine man, but he seems
to think you have no end of millions
for him to draw on. I understood your
brother to say that he was going to
send Dr. J. down there and pay off
things and have expense shut off. I
have taken great pains— you see I hap
?en to be with you and heard some of
he conversation— not in any way
interfere when appealed to as to what
I heard.
We don't want it to appear to
outsiders that we are quarreling
among ourselves at this critical
time.
Perhaps it Is no harm to let Dr. J.
fight it out there with them. You
know best what to do. Please do not
think I am mixing up In what Is none
of my business. I only want to help
harmonize things if I can. Very truly,
M. H.
SHERMAN SCHEMES AGAIN TO DE
CEIVE THE BANK EX
AMINERS.
On May 20, 1893, M. H. Sherman
wrote Frank McDonald another letter
deceiving the young banker in refer
ence to affairs in Los Angeles, and ex
plaining, also, how the Bank Commis
sioners had been imposed on by the
transfer of Phoenix bonds. Excerpts
from the letter are as follows:
LOS ANGELES, May 20, 1893.
My IVar F. V. : 1 fully realize the
situation East. My hair has stood on
end for the past two months, as every
morning I take up the daily newspa
per and look over the condition of
financial affairs in tho East.
Referring to the Phoenix matter I
suppose that others have written you
fully about it.
I was not so particular in re
gard to it, but the way matters
stood it seemed almost impera
tively necessary that certain of
the securities should be trans
ferred to the P. H. 8., and as at
that time the B. C. were giving us
much annoyance and were de
manding certain things it seemed
the only thing to do. They
mads me sign a guarantee which
was as binding as a promissory
note and made me make certain
agreements with regard to the com
pletion of the plant at an early
day, etc., etc.
This Phoenix proposition Is all right
and the present bond issue there, cov
ering, as it does, much more than the
old issue did. is really a much more
conservative and safer bond issue
than is the one hero from Los Ange
. les. The S. P. is spending an enor
mous amount of money at Santa
Monica, and their large ocean steamers
are now loading and unloading freight
at their new wharves there. Hoping to
see you soon, 1 am. very truly,
M. H. SHERMAN.
"BROWN AND HELLMAN DO NOT
DARE LET ANYTHING HAP
PEN TO OUR BANKS."
The astounding audacity of M. H.
Sherman was shown in a letter that
he wrote to Frank V. McDonald on
May 21, 1893, a month and a day be
fore the Pacific Bank and its feeder,
the People's Bank, went down with a
crash. Frank McDonald had written
to Sherman telling him of the precari
ous condition of the institution and
begging for some assistance. Sher
man's electric road and his Phoenix
and Mohawk ventures had absorbed
enough money from the two banks to
ruin them. Sherman had traveled East
to deceive the McDonalds into a be
lief that he was trying to negotiate
bonds which he knew were not nego
tiable.
The end was approaching, and Frank
asked for his advice. Sherman had
preyed upon the McDonald banks for
over two years, and the advice he
sent back was most extraordinary. He
declared that the other banks of San
Francisco would not dare let the Paci
fic Bank go down, and could be forced
or in other words threatened to supply
the Pacific Bank with money. Sher
man declared that the ruin of the Mc-
Donalds would create a panic in the
State, and that Hellman, Brown and
other local bankers would put up the
funds rather than see the McDona-lds
go under. Having given this advice,
Sherman made another play for more
money for his Phoenix venture. The
letter Is most interesting, and is as
follows :
LOS ANGELES. May 21, 1893.
My Dear F. V.: It is such a busy
Hfe. No rest, but toil, toil all the time,
and F. V. we do try, oh, so hard. It
has sometimes sppnied that the con
stant worry, work and annoyance
would Just kill me. but when it s.eems
that my life was hard, then I think
of you and of all you are .going
through. Well, the good Lord knows
why. I suppose we must have this
discipline. Then I think of San Fran
cisco so much.
F. V., those men, Brown, Hell
man and the others don't dare, that
is the way it seems to me, let any
thing happen to our banks. The
memory of the Bank of California
failure must be green in their
memory. That failure brought
down others. If it should go abroad
in this State that anything had
had happened to the rich McDon
alds think of what a panic it would
cause among depositors generally
and the other banks would have to
look out.
No, F. V. And If you find you
know all about the situation, I know
nothing about the inside of things; I
never ask only where I can help; the
banks are ever in a hole. You must
let us know in time and Farnum and
your brother — Farnum is on very
friendly terms with many of those
men— must go and see the other San
Francisco men. My idea is that Mr.
White would help. He has a pile of
money idle I am told and get help
in season. Of course, we must not do
this unless absolutely necessary.
From what your brother tells me
things are improving much. I have
never felt quite sure if he told me
these things to encourage me or if
really things were getting so much
better in fact. Well, you know what
is best, better than I can tell you.
Forgive me for seeming to mix up in
affairs as I may have seemed to do in
this letter. And now a word as to the
Phoenix Water Company. We should
have levied an assessment long ago,
but Hine would not agree to it. But the
city has been growing so and so much
has had to be put in in extensions that
this Is absolutely necessary now.
Finally he has agreed to it, i. c., to a
$6000 assessment, $2000 each. The in
terest on the bonds comes due in nine
daj's. We must be prompt in it, it
hurts so to have any delay. If you
will wire me that you will pay in $2000,
then I will pay in $2000 and I will see
that Hine does the same. Let's have
it agreed that the. $6000 is paid into
P H. S. B. to be used to pay interest,
1. c., pay coupons and for nothing else,
eh. Sincerely, M. H.
The plots of M. H. Sherman did not
end with his boast of ability to cor
rupt Bank Commissioners and to
"stand up" reputable citizens who
were fearful of the methods he employ
ed. The Call will show to-morrow
that Mr. Sherman was also an adept,
or assumed to be such, in influencing
Legislatures through the assistance of
his great ally, the Southern Pacific
Company. ____________
PARRICIDE AND SUICIDE.
Drunken Desperation of a Reading
(Pa.) Youth.
READING. Pa., Nov. I".— Morris J.
Lutz, aged-44 years, a shoemaker, was
shot and fatally wounded to-day by his
son Harvey, aged about 18. Young Lutz
came home intoxicated, and his father
reprimanded him. This angered the boy,
and he fired two shot 3 tnrough his fath
er'? head. The boy then committed suioiile
by cutting his thront. He had the reputa
tion of being a desperate young fellow.
Fell Under the Wheels.
STOCKTON, Nov. 13.— Eugene Fields, a
well-known resident, GO years old, received
probably fatal injuries this afternoon at
Lathrop. He attempted to swing aboard
g moving train and fell under the wheels.
One arm was ground to a pulp. He. was
brought here and the arm amputated, but
owing to his advance! age little hope is
entertained.
Li Hung Chang Shelved.
PEKING. Nov. 13.— L1 Hung Chang has
been ordered to proceed to Tse Nan. capi
tal of the province of Shan Tung, to con
cert measures with the \ lceroy of Shan
Tune to prevent future inundations of the
Yellow Kiver (Hoang Ho). This appolm
ment is regarded as virtually shelving
Prince Li.
34
MONDAY NOVEMBER 14, 1898
JOHN, a SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a wee*. By mall $6 j»er year; per montb
66 cents. _
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Bulld!n£
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE , Rlft*« Hooss
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldln* j
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative*
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until ,
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30 :
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market j
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 ;
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh ;
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
ttantucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. _______
>.MUSEMENTi
California— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— Kellar, the Maclcian.
Baldwin— "Mistakes Will Happen."
Alcazar— "A Fool of Fortune."
Morosco's— "A Midnight Trust.'
Orpheum — Vaudeville. t
Ti voli — ' 'Suzette."
Comedy— "l'nder the Dome."
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Ingleside Track— To-day.
Orpheum— Concert Thursday, November 17.
Rosenthal— Coming In December.
A PHENOMENAL OCTOBER.
THE effects of the Republican triumph through
out the country are already apparent. AH
along the line a general quickening in trade is
noted. The result is accepted not only in this coun
try, but in Europe, as a sign that sound financial prin
ciples will continue to rule in the United States, and
that visionaries and theorists will have no voice in
shaping the commercial and monetary affairs of the
nation. England was quick to perceive this, and as
soon as the result of the elections was definitely
known English buyers appeared in Wall street and
bought stocks and bonds heavily. The Continent,
too, shared the confidence of the English, and pur
chased freely. Under this foreign demand for our
securities the whole market showed pronounced im
provement. On Thursday the sales of stocks on the
Exchange were over 700,000 shares, and of bonds
about $10,000,000, the largest bond dealings in the
history of the New York Stock Exchange. The sus
pension of business on election day, however, told
upon the country's bank clearings, which showed a
falling off for the week of 6.9 per cent The week's
failures were 187, against 273 for the corresponding
week in 1897.
In spite of the depressing influences of the ap
proaching election, however, October was a phenom
enal month, showing the largest volume of trade for
any October, and the largest ever known in any
month except December, 1892. The railroad earn
ings showed a gain of 5.2 per cent over October, 1807,
and foreign trade an increase of 20 per cent. The
consumption of iron during the month was also the
largest' on record, footing up 1,019,646 tons. At
present writing, however, the iron trade is quieter.
The other staples, while rather more active than
for some time back, are not in a very satisfactory con
dition. Cotton remains at the lowest prices on rec
ord, with heavy receipts and a small demand on mill
ing account. Wool still labors under the depressing
influence of large foreign and domestic supplies, and
as holders generally decline to give concessions to
buyers, the market remains dull, though business is
not as depressed as it was some time ago. Wheat fell
off somewhat in price, though the exports from the
country were larger than during the same week in
1897. The distributive trade of the country con
tinues fair on the whole, while in the West and
Northwest it keeps up to its old remarkable volume.
The money market is in good shape, the large ex
ports creating a feeling of confidence in the future of
funds. In this connection the monthly summary of
commerce and finance, just issued by the Treasury
Bureau of Statistics, will be read with interest by
every patriotic American. During the nine months
ending September 30 the country increased its ex
ports $123,000,000 and decreased its imports by $113,
000,000. To Europe we increased our sales from
$568,805,159 to $666,986,539, while our purchases were
cut down from $332,394,984 to $240,863,714- To North
America our sales increased from $94,862,860 to $108,
931,837, while our purchases fell from $84,511,466 to
$76,048,519. To South America our exports in
creased from $24,871,545 to $25,323,942, while our im
ports from that part of the world fell from $78,656,
642 to $63,513,873. To Asia and Oceanica our ex
ports increased from $45,784,340 to $54,495,383; our
imports also increased from $85,004,867 to $88,259,960,
this being mostly due to an increase in imports of
raw silk for use in the factories of the United States.
To Africa our sales increased from $11,934,338 to
$13»555,°75. while our imports decreased from $8,186,
980 to $6,674,827.
The above is one of the very finest showings ever
made by the United States, and it is this which creates
such a widespread feeling of confidence in the future.
The local situation shows no marked change. The
continued dry weather is causing uneasiness among
farmers and stock men, as the grass has disappeared
from the ranges and the ground is too dry for plow
ing in many sections of the State. It is yet altogether
too early to talk about a dry winter, but last winter's
experience has made the farmer cautious. Country
credits have not yet been affected, however, and col
lections keep up to their normal standard. Still, the
country needs rain, and until it comes the tendency
will be toward conservatism all around.
The leading staples of the State are about in the
same condition as in the East Wheat has fallen off
in sympathy with Chicago, and barley has also weak
ened. Oats, however, have advanced. A slight de
cline in hides is noted. Hopes have advanced, but
wool is still in the dumps. Provisions show no
change whatever, but hogs have gone up slightly.
The dried fruit market remains dull, but raisins are
very firm at a further advance. Dairy produce is
shewing the effects of the dry weather, and the ten
dency now is toward higher prices. Outside of these
items the local situation exhibits little of interest.
The hanging of thirteen West Africans for the mur
der of missionaries calls to mind and strengthens be
lief in a chestnutty old theory.
It is pleasing to learn that Victoria is fond of
American girls, but far more important to know that
we like them, too.
CONSULTING THE ORACLES.
IN the confusion of its thoughts and feelings, and
suffering from the stress of conflicting emotions
surging around a dazed brain, the Examiner has
been consulting many oracles to find an explanation
of the defeat of its fused factions on election day.
These oracles it has diligently sought out in widely
j separated quarters, but as yet it has found no comfort.
I Wherefore, out of pity for its state and in the hope
of putting an end to its howls, we offer a suggestion.
The Examiner can find in the New York Journal
of November 4 a review of the political situation,
which, if not wise, is at any rate suited to its under
standing and therefore more useful to it than a wiser
statement would be. The Journal of that date, in a
screaming editorial headed, "The Lines of Cleavage,"
declared the 'masses of the people to be divided on
the same lines throughout the Union, and it prophe
sied a sweeping victory for fusion everywhere.
"The tide of revolt against Republicanism that is
sweeping Van Wyck toward Albany," said the Jour
nal, "is not a local phenomenon. It is a national
movement It is felt from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific." Further on it declared: "The lines of cleav
age are the same in New York as in California, and
the same in each State as in the whole Union."
After asserting that the Republican party is always
and everywhere the party "of corruption and of gov
ernmental meddling with individual liberty and of
overgrown bossism," it went on to say: "The people
are learning at last what the new Republicanism
means. With the glittering historical associations
it has fraudulently misused stripped off, they see it as
it is — an abhorrent creation of organized greed, and
they are resolved to have no more of it."
Here is an explanation ready made in a yellow slop
shop and so suited to the Examiner it is strange it has
not been adopted by that organ and reprinted as its
own. The prophecy of Van Wyck's victory and the
announcement that he was then being swept to Al
bany by a tidal wave were false, but not more false
than the rest, and do not detract from the merit of
the whole.
The Examiner should brace up, be true to its New
York ally and maintain that the election of Gage in
California and Roosevelt in New York were the re
sult of a line of cleavage running throughout the
Union— a line which puts the great majority of the
American people on the side of corruption, of gov
ernmental meddling with individual liberty, of over
grown bossism, and makes them members of "an
abhorrent creation of organized greed."
DEMOCRATIC FUTILITY.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that while some of the Democratic leaders now
in that city are hopeful that Republican control
of the House will enable the Democrats and their
allies in that body to get along through the coming
Congress without wrangling and increasing the fac
tional divisions of the party, others are by no means
so sanguine.
There are evidences that an attempt will be made
to get rid of the leadership of Bailey of Texas and
tc substitute in his place, if not a stanch gold Demo
crat, at least one who will be willing to subordinate
the silver question and seek for other issues on which
to make the campaign of 1000.
The situation reveals in a striking manner the
utter futility of the Democratic party under its pres
ent leadership. It has clearly no guide to follow and
no principles by which its action is to be determined.
The men who propose to save their party from the
folly of the Bryan movement have no wisdom
greater than that of the folly which they reject. Ac
cording to reports that come to us they propose to
wait until the administration has acted and then
oppose it in everything, in the hope that it will at
some time commit blunders which can be turned to
the advantage of the opposition.
Without principles there can be no integrity of
life for parties any more than for individuals, and
without integrity there can be no force sufficient to
accomplish any useful work in the world. Even as an
opposition party Democracy will be futile and effect
less so long as it has no definite policy to support and
no tactics of opposition other than those of indis
criminate fault-finding with everything that is done.
Whether Bailey be re-elected to the leadership of
the minority of the House can be a matter of but
little importance to the country at large. He did not
show any distinguished statesmanship or even any
parliamentary force during the last session of Con
gress. He is as good a man as any that his party has
in the House, but no better than some others.
Therefore, whether he be voted up or voted down
concerns the mass of people very little.
It is a matter of concern, however, that one of the
great parties of the country should have degenerated
hopelessly into a faction of discontent without any
well denned policies or principles. Two years from
now we shall have to confront this same mass of con
fused factions in another political contest. Then
again there will be from its orators and organs a
thousand promises of reform and a thousand as-
saults upon the administration. It will be well, there
fore, that public attention should be directed stead
fastly to the action of its Representatives in Congress
in order that the futility and inefficiency of the party
and of its allies may be fully understood.
IMMIGRATION STATISTICS.
DESPITE the improved condition of industry
in the country and the superior attractiveness
to foreign labor, it appears from the report of
the Immigration Bureau that the number of immi
grants who entered the United States during the last
fiscal year was less by 1563 persons than in the pre
vious year. The decrease is not great, but, consider
ing the general expectation that immigration would
increase with the revival of prosperity, even so small
a diminution as that is a pleasing evidence that the
former rush of the unemployed from Europe to this
country has been to a considerable extent checked.
None the less, the immigration of the year was
sufficient to constitute a good-sized city if all had
settled in one locality. The total amounted to 135,
755 males and 93,534 females, or 229,289 in all. Of
this number 3030 were debarred from admission for
various causes. The report of the Commissioner
shows further that 43,057 # could neither read nor
write, and that 96,203 had less than $30 each.
Of the whole number of arrivals 58,613 came from
Italy, 27,221 from Russia proper, 25,128 from Ire
land, 17,111 from Germany, 16,659 from Hungary,
12,420 from Galicia and Burkowina, in Austria-
Hungary, 12,398 from Sweden, and 9987 from Eng
land.
The laws regulating the admission and naturaliza
tion of immigrants appear from the statements of the
Commissioner to be in much need of further amend
ment. He recommends that immigrants who are
excluded because afflicted with a loathsome or a
dangerous contagious disease should be summarily
returned and deprived of the right of appeal; that
the head tax should be increased to $2 so as to pro
vide a revenue large enough to defray the cost of
extending the operations of the bureau; that a more
THE SA3* FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
stringent watch be kept upon Immigration from Can
ada, and that every immigrant be provided with a
certificate containing the date of his arrival, which he
shall be obliged to show when he applies for natural
ization papers.
It is gratifying to note that out of the large num
ber of immigrants who arrived at our ports during
the year it was found that only seventy-nine were as
sisted immigrants and only 417 were contract la
borers. Those, of course, were turned back. That
the number of this class of applicants for admission
to the country was so small is an evidence that the
laws prohibiting that kind of immigration have had
a good effect. In times past such immigrants were
numbered by the thousands. It is also to be noted
that among the arrivals only two convicts were de
tected. Europe, it seems, has been forced to quit
using this country as a dumping ground for her
criminals.
BY the sweeping victories of last Tuesday the
Republicans have been assured control in the
ne*t Congress of all branches of the Govern
ment. The way is at last clear for the enactment of
legislation to carry out the great policies to which
the party is pledged. A hostile Senate after the
fourth of next March will no longer stand in the way
of currency reform and block the progressive policies
of the administration. The way will be free to write
upon the statute books every law which Republican
statesmanship can devise for the welfare of the na
tion and the prosperity of the people.
Under these conditions the Republicans will
occupy a position similar to that held by the Demo
crats in 1892, when Cleveland took office with his
party in control of both the House and the Senate.
The country will now have an opportunity to see the
difference between government by an organized and
harmonious party and government by a combination
of factions united only for the sake of winning office
and disagreeing among themselves upon not only
every policy but every principle of action. We shall
have in Congress none of that discord and strife
which led Mr. Cleveland to denounce the hewing
and hacking of the Wilson bill as "perfidy and dis
honor"; neither shall we have any of that wrangling
which disturbed the country, harassed industry and
led eventually to the stormy agitations of Bryanism,
which disrupted Democracy and drove its wisest
leaders into retirement.
With the restoration of Republican control there
will be a return to safe and well ordered progress.
The remaining session of the present House will be
too short for it to undertake much, and, moreover,
the antagonism of the Senate will prevent it from
doing anything in the way of constructive legisla
tion. This will perhaps entail the calling of the next
Congress to meet in extraordinary session, and such
a course is already talked of. Certainly there are
many important issues to be dealt with, and they can
not be settled too speedily.
Most important of all the issues before the admin
istration is the enactment of legislation that will pro
vide for the long desired reform of our currency. The
need of a prompt settlement of this issue is of it
self sufficient to justify an extra session. Next in
order should be the fulfillment of the long delayed
pledge of the Republican party to promote the ship
building industry and the expansion of our merchant
marine. Along with these there may be expected
provisions for an increase of our naval strength and
the construction of the Nicaragua canal.
The consciousness that the government of the
republic is in safe hands and that the problems which
have so long been vexatious to industry and enter
prise will now be solved by a wise statesmanship will
add much to the confident feeling of the people and
encourage the undertaking of great enterprises. The
prospective legislation of Congress may, therefore,
be accounted among the factors already operating for
the general good. No doubts are felt concerning the
future. The people are assured that the new era
which began with the election of McKinley is moving
steadily toward the noontide of prosperity, and in
that assurance will go about their work full of the
vigor that is born of courage and hopefulness.
WITH the present display the Oakland exposi
tion, which in times past has been confined to
the industries of Alameda County, becomes a
State exposition, and includes as far as possible ex
hibits of all the industries of California. At every
stage of its career the enterprise has merited public
patronage and support, but now that it has grown to
be something more than a local affair, its claims are
more forceful and more far-reaching than ever.
At this particular period of our development we
can never do too much for home industries. We can
never display them too often, nor too often impress
upon the people the importance of making Califor
nia a home market for home products. There was a
time when we produced few manufactured goods and
were compelled to purchase them from abroad, and
there may come a time when our manufactories will
be so strong they will not need the support of local
patriotism. The first of those times, however, has
passed away, and the other has not yet arrived. We
have the home factories, but the home market is not
responsive to them. Therefore at this time every
display of California goods that impresses the minds
of her people is a public benefit.
Competent experts estimate that upward of $100,000
a day is sent out of California to purchase manu
factured articles of a kind that are produced of an
equally good if not better quality at a cheaper price at
home. We have a larger manufacturing industry
than our people are aware of, but it is as yet far short
of what it should be. To support what we have and
to promote a further development of the industry by
consuming home goods rather than those of
foreign make is a matter which appeals, as Bacon
said, "to both the bosoms and the business of men."
It affects at once their patriotism and their financial
interests.
The Oakland exposition, even if regarded merely
as an entertainment, will well repay those who attend
it. Anything like a- comprehensive display of the
products of California could not be otherwise to in
telligent men and women. If there were no other
issue involved than that of amusement, therefore, the
exposition should be well patronized. The instruc
tive features of the display, however, must not be
overlooked by any one. We have a State richer in
resources and natural gifts than any other in the
Union, and it will be our own fault if we do not make
it also richer in all the attainments of art and industry.
Reports that Blanco is to leave Cuba, and that the
Spanish Government is about to send money there to
pay the soldiers, seem to conflict. Perhaps, however,
Blanco will await the money and leave in company
with it.
The Oakland Exposition, which has now grown to
be an exhibit for all California, is a proof of what can
be done for the State by persistent energy. When
home people resolve on a home market they will
have it
PROSPECTIVE LEGISLATION.
THE OAKLAND EXPOSITION.
THE LORD GOD'S GOLD.
Quoth the Maker of All as He fashioned the world:
" Now where shall I hide my gold
From the fingers and eyes of that creature, Man,
Who, alas, may be overbold
And likely to search for the glittering stuff
Of which he will never h.-- half enough?
Then He pondered the matter for many a day
Until He devised a plan
By which He might circumvent the schemes
Of His greedy plaything, Man.
Then He ordered His glorious angels forth.
And some went West while others went North.
And the last took the gold from the vaults of the Lord
And they hid it 'neath river and hill;
Then they planted the land with the hemlock and spruce.
And the north wind, bitter and chill,
Had covered the whole with a mantle of ice
Before they were gathered in Paradise.
And the nights had been lengthened to hideous nights
While the days had been cleft in twain.
" This place," said the Lord, "is my treasure house
And it shall not be oped again;
And he who would prospect this ice-bound land
Shall carry his life in als puny hand."
But His love had gone out to the new-born West,
So the Lord said: "Let it be.
If the gold be found I have treasured there ,
It matters not much to me.
But the gold in the North is the Lord God's gold
Which none shall seek but the overbold."
And for ages the seals lav undisturbed
On the treasure in North and West;
For men would speak of the former land
As a loveless land at best.
And no one knew that the gold of the Lord
In the Western treasure house was stored.
And men were glad in the early days
When the gold lust was unknown;
And many have lived to curse the hour
' When in man's breast were sown,
Through dreams, a thirst for the golden ore
And a hope for a peace he would know no more.
For it lured them forth from the fruitful field*
And they wandered everywhere;
They found the gold that was stored in the West
But there wasn't enough gold there
To suit their needs, and so, undismayed,
On the Lord God's gold they made a raid.
For rumors had come from the white-robed North,
And traveled from land to land,
That gold was hid 'neath the moss-veiled ice
To satisfy each demand.
And hardly a village but sent its man
To follow the gold-drunk caravan, *
They fought their way o'er the snow and the Ice,
Over mountains and terrible streams;
And many a one lay down to die
Still far from the scene of his dreams.
"One man in ten," the Lord had said,
"Shall forfeit be." And the trail grew red.
For the Lord was wroth that His plaything, Man,
Should covet forbidden ground,
Nor the mountains' frowns, nor the horrible gloom.
Nor the silence He hung around
Like a deadening shroud could keep him out
Of the land he had dreamed such dreams about.
Nor hardships, starvation, toil, nor death.
Nor the fang of a biting cold,
Could keep him back from the sought-for land
Or lessen his thirst for cold.
And each man said as he la hed at the sky
"My fate 1b to live, though others ma- sjs.
And thus it is and ever will be
That nine will pay the toll
If one but rifle the treasure-house
Of the Lord God near the Pole.
For the lust for gold is a thing that grows,
And a man is a man, as the Lord God knows
Dawson, 1898. HOWARD V. SUTHERLAND
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
C. H. Schlvely, a banker of Orovllle, is
at the Baldwin.
P. A. Buell, a lumber merchant of Stock
ton, is at the Grand.
Captain G. S. Hinsdale of Santa Bar
bara Is at the Lick.
D. H. Jackson, a mining man of Placer
ville, is at the Grand.
W. B. Tillotson, a mining man of Red
ding, is at the Grand.
Dr. H. T.McNaught and A. T. Johnstone
of Toronto are at the Grand,
A. W. Simpson, a lumber merchant of
Stockton, Is at the Occidental.
G. B. Moore, J. S. Moore and George
Arscott of Juneau are at the Russ.
B. T. Spencer and N. J. Aldrich, mer
chants of Chicago, are at the Palace.
Charles Maze, an attorney of Modesto,
accompanied by his wife, Is a guest at the
Lick.
E. B. Latham of the United States
Coast Geodetic Survey is a guest at the
Californla.
G. A.McElfresh, who has large interests
in oil wells in the southern part of the
State, is a guest at the Grand.
C. "W. Hall, a lumber merchant of Eu
rrka, and Humboldt Gates, a mining man
of the same town, are at the Russ.
James M. Wilson, the superintendent
of the Yukon district for the Alaska Com
mercial Company, left last night for Bel
fast, Ireland, to meet his wife and daugh
ter. He will return in the spring, accom
panied by his family, who will reside here
when Mr. Wilson goes to the north.
NEWS OF FOBEIGN NAVIES.
The Edgar, first class cruißer of 7350
tons, has just had a refit at an expense
of 550,000. She had been in continuous
commission since 1893, and her recent per
formance at the commission trial resulted
in 8996 horsepower and 18.8 knots, which
was considered highly satisfactory by the
British naval authorities.
The experiments with oil as a substi
tute for coal are not proving very satis
factory in the British navy. The tor
pedo-boat destroyer Surely has been
fitted with oil feeders to the boilers and
the latest trial with oil firing under two
boilers gave only 900 horsepower, against
2000 horsepower where coal was used.
The Pactolus. third class cruiser of 2135
tons, buTTt at Elswick for the British
navy, has developed greater horsepower
and speed than any of this class of light
vessels just completed. The contract
stipulated 7000 horsepower and 20 knots
under full power, but at her trial in the
channel the engines developed 7201 horse
power and gave a speed of 20.5 knots,
notwithstanding the ship was running in
the teeth of a rough sea. The ship was,
however, not down to her normal draught
within sixteen inches, and was drawing
only 15 feet 8 inches aft, against 17 feet
when ready for sea.
Since 1864, when the Rolf Krake coast
defense ship was built in England for the
Danish navy, Denmark has built its own
war vessels, except some torpedo-boats.
It was the first in leading the way in the
evolution of a new type of armor-clad, as
exemplified in the Tordenskjold, turret
ship of 2400 tons, in which the guns were
heavily protected and the hull had no side
armor, the protection of the interior of
the ship below water being effected by a
heavy protective deck. The Italians fol
lowed up this system in the Lepanto and
Italia, and the plan has many able ad
vocates in the several navies, who be
lieve the gun protection to be of para
mount importance.
It is a common complaint among officers
in the British navy that as the ships in
crease in size the quarters of officers be
come more contracted. The additional
space is utilized in giving more room to
the crews and making the facilities of
communication between the decks more
easy, while ventilators, coaling chutes,
etc., also demand more room in the latest
ships than formerly. There is less diffi
culty in berthing crews on British ships
than In any other of the European navies,
owing to the fact that the ships of Great
Britain carry relatively less men. In the
French navy 26 per cent more men are
carried per 1000 tons displacement, and In
the Russian navy 50 per cent more are
carried than In British war vessels.
Frequently two men have to sleep In one
hammock In some of the foreign navies,
and In the Russian ships part of the crew
sleep on deck.
The French turret-ehlp lena was
launched at Brest September 1, her keel
having been laid last January. This
would appear to be pretty quick work on
a ship of 12,052 tons, but the launch of a
v.essel Is not always an Indication of her
completeness and it may be a mere shell
when placed In the water. The lena is an
improved Charlemagne and is 400 feet 9
Inches in length, 69 feet 2 Inches breadth
and 27 feet 6 inches draught aft. She will
be fitted with three engines of 15 500
horsepower collectively to drive her at a
speed of 18 knots. The normal coal sup
ply is 820 tons, with a bunker capacity of
1100 tons, giving a calculated radius of ac
tion at 10 knots of 5200 and 7000 knots re
spectively. There is no wood whatever
used in the construction of the hull and
principal flttlngs. The armor belt Is 14
inches, tapering to 6 inohes at the ends,
and the armor above protecting the minor
guns is from 5 inches to 3 inches. The
lena carries a multitude of guns, namely
OR INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Anj of tas following Firms Ploaso Mention "Th« CatL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firtlstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Lire Stock ITTf lIDj * f A 11 Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. RlkLrlT ttVU- gan Francisco.
BELTING.
L P DFfiFN Manufacturer of Beltln and
■* r. * tL t f}]9 Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
slon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
"W. .T. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work. -
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell. '
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RRIFN & eftVC-Makers and Dealers in
DfllEri tt 3U«3i,andaus. Hacks. 'Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
gt.. Ban Francisco. -. . - • . ,
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA , PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1517 Market {St.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1S«.
DENTIST.
PR- C W- SICfIARDS,y s k r^^ r^rnv.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS. .
' i 411-41J California street. r«vir. .: 'A
Capital Represented........ over • 514.000, 008
.. /■■;■ ■--•; v FLOUR. v '■•'■ ;^ -■■•" -■ ... : -
NATIAVAI Flcar Mills. J. Martennt'.n A Co.
n.iIIVnAL sy. cor. Battery r.nd Pacific itn.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.'
JAS^OYES^CO^cJa^sfiSa^^
/ HARDWARE. ; '
PALACB Hardware Co. lmporters S Dealers
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
four 12-inch In two turrets, and the rep^.
which are all quick-firers, include e\p . •
6.4-inch, eight 3.9-inch, sixteen 1.8-inch
and thirteen 1.4-inch. The total estimated
cost is $5,681,925.
The appointment of Lieutenant Mlchael
! Culme-Seymour to the Queen's yacht Vlc
i torla and Albert, revives the old story of
1 the alleged secret marriage of his eldest
| sister Mary to the Duke of York. No
other satisfactory explanation can be of
fered for the continued and extraordinary
; tokens of royal favor extended to the
Seymour family. The father, Admiral
Sir Michael Culme-Seymour, has been
: promoted from the companionship of the
' order of the Bath to a knight commander,
! and thence to the dignity of the Grand
: Cross thereof, and has, in addition, been
i appointed to the command-in-chief of
j the Portsmouth naval station, which Is
! the most sought for a"hd most lucrative
i service in the British navy. The appoint
j ment of his son to the Victoria and Albert
! will entitle the young man to the pro
i motion of commander in two years. He
! will then be thirty-three years of age,
and the favors shown this young officer
are naturally galling to other older naval
officers more capable but less fortunate
i in not having a royal pull. A commander
of 33 years of age is not an unusual thing
!in foreign navies where promotion is
: made by selection, but in the United
States navy it is an Impossibility. The
youngest commander in our navy Is 50
years of age, and some have reached the
ripe age of 55 with no prospect of getting
■ a higher rank than that of captain.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
I JUDGE JOACHIMSEN — Subscriber,
City. Judge H. L. Joachimsen has been
Police Judge of San Francisco since 1890.
IN HER OWN RIGHT— A. B. C, City.
In every State in the Union a wife Is al
! lowed to have money in her own right. la
', some of the States, however, the husband
holds the same in trust for the exclusive
i use of the wife.
AUSTRALIAN BALLOT— J. B. X., City.
The Australian ballot or a modification
thereof Is in use in all the States of the
I Union except the following: Georgia
Louisiana, North Carolina, South Caro
lina. It is not in use in Arizona ar,d New
Mexico.
PEOPLE'S BANK— E. B. G. N., City.
The amount that has been paid to depos
itors in the People's Home Savings Bank,
in dividends since the collapse, is 21 per
cent. The last dividend of 3 per cent was
paid in this city at the office of th« re
ceiver July 28, 1898.
PEANUTS— J. C. M., Tecumseh. Kane.
Peanuts can be planted in an 7 soil that
can be put in friable condition and kept
in that state. The best soil, however, is
light gray, without being too sandy.
Plowing begins in March or April, and
planting about the middle of May.
ACTION FOR DAMAGES— Subscriber,
City. An individual who has good grounds
for bringing an action against a railroad
company or common carrier for damages
for negligence resulting in a death may
name any amount in the action. The Jury
may award an" amount, but the court
reserves the right to say if the amount
awarded is excessive or not.
A MORTGAGOR'S TENANCY— M. H.,
City. The law has been laid down in the
case of Whitney vs. Allen, in the 21st
California reports, and it has never been
reversed, that "after a decree of fore
closure of mortgage, the mortgagor in
possession is not, until a sale is made,
under the decree, accountable for rents or
for use or occupancy and is subject to no
liability, except that he may be re
strained for the cause of wa3te."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townaend I *'
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Artists' Material*.
Panels, studies, opal ware for decorat
ing, paints, brushes, canvas, tracing cloth,
drawing papers and blue prints. Also
gold paint, liquid glue, house paints, floor
paints, wood stains in small cans for lan
ily use cheap at Sanborn & Vails. "41
Market street. •
Hindu young men are turning to Japan
for instructions in science. Babu Rama
Kanta Rai of Sylhet, who wants to be a
mining engineer, has led the way.
"Mrs. "Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flftv years by millions of.
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the grums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For eale by- Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
. HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln «t., a p.
wholesale and - Retail Manufacturers of an
• ■ kinds of . Harness and dealers In Baggie*.
' Carts, etc If you want bargains call or wrtta .
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS. .
011110 Hunters Equipments, Fishing
lllllM\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
W U 11 1 U for catalogue. GEO. W. EHREVE.
w w 739 Market street. ■ - ■,
IRON FOUNDERS.
Weßtern Foundry, Morton Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
\ MANUFACTURERS. ■ , v
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. Cassimeres, Tweeds ats<J *
Flannels. 688 Market St.. ! San Francisco. CsL
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods store*.
MARINE INSURANCE. *
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANISS.
:r f. Combined Cmpltal. $4,000,008. '
BTZ A CO.. Agents.
- ___^^^^^^ ; 101 California «t-
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
TRF RFRNHABn ' Mattress Co.. 843 Mlsoto*
1»D DEMimAnU ,t. Telephon* Main iri.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTF p £t p AND PAPER co..
If ILLHIIIC I I C .722 Montgomery Straat.
PIANOS.
The OM«»t 7\:rx\ nnii T,«»«...» CfA-v.
■PIANO «rid MUSIC STORB.
KOHLER & CHASE,
M and 80 O'F&rreil Bt
A wm« of fxr»rt tijnern and r*na!r«T-«. ;
PRINTING. ,
E C HUGHES,
.' ■'•-SV'-.X ■•:/■:"<"■;•■ SOAP. ■•■■:•:••: ;^V;'^. '■"
OR 7 nCY SCO m Cullfnrnta *tr-»».
■ «■ tUH ttlU,, wni »-; Tel. Main I«tt.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. : '' ; :'■■'
?? o oo r n i^;
THE ffICKS-JUDD SSgy,*^ „
WAREHOUSEMEN.
: THE : HASLETT .WARJEHOUSE CO.;
■ Forwarding I. ; Agents and ''£ Publle - Welglivr*.
Oenpral Storage. 1 Free and Grain Warehouse*.
Oeoeral office, no California st. -Tel. Mala Ul».
W \LLPAPKR.
WHOLE' VL.E& 'retail: send for samples, iitat-
.-■■■ Ing quality A color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard. *
. WATCHES. ETC. v
XI TTVnV Head< i' »rters for tine Jewalrr aait f
• LLi^y I, xvii ls-k. wcddlne Bian, lUk. jIT WAS A DAY
IN JUNE ALONG
THE WHARVES
Visitors Who Missed
the Etna.
ARREST OF A FLOUR THIEF
A NAVAL ENGAGEMENT THAT
DID NOT COME OFF.
The Sad Mishap of a Geyserville Man
and His Paul Revere
Ride to Save His
Bride.
Somebody turned the* leaves of the al
manac back yesterday and inad\'ertently
fumed on a day in June. The water front,
i never does anything by halves in
the way of climate, worked well over to
August in its effort to swing back in the
tide of time. The sky was cloudless, the
bay wavelet*, with Indian summer effects
along the shores. Around the docks the
r.ir grew soft on the ships' rigging and
the East-street promenaders left foot
prints in the quarter-liquid asphalt. A
quartet of whalers lay asleep in the sun
at the Howard pier, with a suspicion of
melted oil oozing from their seams. There
was not a breath of breeze to flush the
rurtheads of the heavy-coated po
licemen nor to shiver the leafless houghs
inel Chadbourne's maples dying In
:t tie rocky holes along the wharves.
tless some of the midsummer heat
came from the choleric feelings of sev
li thousands of the Italian colony, who
had come down to visit the cruiser Etna,
moored off Folsom street. They were not
to tread the decks of the warship and
their expressions over this result added a
fervency to the atmosphere. The Etna's
commander brought up the visiting party
with a round turn when the first division
of tugs, launches, scows, schooners, fish
ing-boats and whitehalls reached his ship.
Then and there a first-class row started
into being. The charterers of the fleet of
boarding craft came clamoring for prece
dence at the gangway in all the idioms of
the Latin and Anglo-Saxon tongue until
the frantic skipper drove them all back
into their boats and directed the Italian
Consul to make explanations, which was
that no visitor should come aboard. Many
enterprising boatmen had hired tugs and
gasolene launches at considerable ex
pense, and their language in discussing
the affair was heated to several warm de
grees.
The expected naval engagement between
Admiral Root of the Harbor Commission
and Commodore Buhner of the Treasury
Department did not take place yesterday
as was advertised, and the Sabbath
breaking: fishers on- Lombard-street wharf
passed the day in peace. While the ad
miral was getting his forces together to
move the cutu-r Golden Gate by force out
of the way of the brig Harriet G, that the
latter vessel might come into the dock,
the commodore moved the cutter himself
and hostilities were averted..
"I am a ruined man," shouted J. L. Lit
tlemore yesterday morning as he rushed
Into the Ferry building. To Officer Shaw
he toid his tale of woe, which was in ef-
I hat he was on his way to Geyser
vine to wed Miss May Sweet, and he and
the ceremony were due at the village of
lioiling Water at 2 p. m., and woe to him
if he failed to appear at her side at that
hour. In that case she would believe him
'■ ithlr-ss, a Geyservllle rival would take
h a plac* and the merry wedding bells
W'>uld ring for the villain. He had
missed his train by twenty minutes, hence
his tears. The entire ferry building
force gathered around him with their
sympathy and advice and he was started
north by a later train. At Santa Rosa he
would get the speediest team, and a relay
at Healdsburg, sixteen miles away. From
that place to Geyserville is eight miles,
making a total of seventy-five miles he
must travel before 2 o'clock or lose his
bride. History will tell how this Paul
Revere-in-love made the ride.
William Johnson, a teamster, was ar
r< Bted by Officer John McGreevey on
Broadway wharf as he drove off the dock
with ten sacks of flour he had taken with
out authority. He broke down, confessed
not only to stealing the ten sacks, but to
taking at different times several other
■ f flour. His plan was to apply for
the articles with a bogus order, which en
abled him to carry nis load away un
molested. He was suspected and was
watched till arrested.
The United States training ship Adams
will leave this port with her crew of ap- i
prentices shortly after December 1 for
Magdalina Bay. where she will remain
two months. From that place she will
make the Sandwich Islands, thence to
Japanese port?, returning to San Fran-
CiSCO about July I. 1599.
ADV^KTISEKENTS.
CONSULTING A WOMAN.
Mrs. Pinkham'a Advice Inspires
Confidence and Hope.
Examination by a male physician is
a hard trial to a delicately organized
woman.
She puts it off as long as she dare,
and is only driven to it by fear of can-
cer, polypes, or some dreadful ill.
Most frequently such a woman leaves
a physician's office
Mmffify. where she has un-
*€ 4^bt SSTiilr dergone a critical
3? f.S) examination with
I Bjß* *^T/ an impression, more
jpSfesssr or less, of discour-
, <^r*''^\ H»SBl^. age men t.
<f§ isk This condi-
&& SBL tion of the
k£M fif mind destroys
"3,3 A the effect of
I advice; and
flymfl Kne grows
'■-*& IB worse rather
than better. In consulting Mrs. Pink-
ham no hesitation need be ielt, the
story is told to a woman and is wholly
confidential. Mrs. Pinkham's address
is Lynn, Mass., she offers sick women
her advice without charge. *'
Her intimate knowledge of women's
troubles makes her letter of advice a
wellspring of hope, and her wide experi-
ence and skill point the way to health.
" I suffered with ovarian trouble for
seven years, and no doctor knew what
was the matter with me. I had spells
which would last for two days or more.
I thought I would try Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Comoound. I have •
taken seven bottles, of it, a»d am en- i
tirely cured."— Mks. John Foreman, 26
N. Woodberry Aye., Baltimore, Md. -
The above letter from Mrs Foreman
la only one of thousands.
Use . f®^ and
Facial Soap J^ y Facial Cream.
If you have a Hump Nose, Roman, Flat, Pa;,
Red or Broken Nose, or any mark or blemish
on. In or under your skin, call on or wrlta
JOHN H. WOODBURT, 127 West 42d »t.. N.
T., 183 State st., Chicago. j
" WE'D LOOK LIKE MONKEYS."
Complaint of the Hackmen at the Adoption of a New
Livery.
"Oi'll nlver do It in the world. It's a holy show they would be a-makln'
of me, and Norah would be gettln' a dlvoorce on the grounds of lunacy,"
muttered Pat, the pioneer hackman.
Inquiry as to the cause of his remarks brought forth a volume of pro
fanity which was only stilled by the offer of a "drop of the creature."
Several drops In rapid succession were required to soothe the old man's
Injured feelings, and he explained himself.
"They arg a wantin' us to put on a livery, are the carriage company,
an' such* a livery as It Is. A pair of tights wid shtripes down the legs for
a pair of urttches: a blue coat as long as the confession of sins, wid a tail
split clean up to me neck. Instid of broggans its tight boots to hurt me
corns they'd have me wear on the outside of me skin-tight pants, an' thin
the boots must have yellow tops. If they w r as green it wouldn't be so
bad. To top it off Oi must have a hammered down an' sawed off ploog
hat wid a shavin' brush they call a cockade, whatever In sin that is, stuck
In the top of it. Wouldn't Oi be a purty Bight in a rig the likes of that.
"Oi'm thinkin' next they'll have us in a suit like the clowns in the cir
cus, all covered wid spangles an' polky dots an' our faces painted up to
look like a political banner.
"It's us old fellows what's drove hacks since they've been invlnted that's
doin' the kickin' — the young spalpeens don't care, what wid their foine legs
an' figures an' handsome faces they think they'd make aisy* mashes wid
the gurls in the new livery; but Just take a pipe at those maccaroni un
derpins of mine all covered with ring bones and spavins. They'd be
foine in tights now, wouldn't they? I'd be ashajned to show mesllf to
the horses fearin' they'd give me the laugh. Little Frank O'Brien and Ed
Connolly, who ain't bigger than your thumb, would have to keep out of
sight ©r they'd be took for a pair of monkeys escaped from an Eytalian
organ-grinder. Red Jim the Flop wid his chinchillie whiskers is a kickin',
too. 'Oi don't want to cut em off,' sez he, 'an' the boss sez if Oi don't Oi
must tie 'em up wid a bow knot of sky blue ribbon.'
"Jlst think of Dan Qulnlan and Mike Brandon in that rig they wants
us to wear, an' thin Henry Rawlings wid his big black mustache, Silver
King Boyle, who thinks himsilf so hansome wid his hair so white from
goin' to church so often wouldn't be so bad, but for mesilf wid me bald
head and the billy-goat whiskers, wouldn't Oi be a sight wid the funny
lookln' stovepipe on me nut.
"They want to make monkeys of us and Oi won't stand it. Oi'd drive
a coal cart first or be a Chinatown bum. Oi'll trow me job an' Join the
anarchist along wid Maguire an' ivery young upstart Oi see drivin" a hack
in those clothes Oi'll blow up wid a stick of dynamite."
The complaint of the hackman is all due to the adoption of a new liv
ery by the United Carriage Company. The manager, in order to keep
peace and prevent a strike, has assured the men that the new uniform
ehall be a blue coat and trousers and possibly an ordinary hat in place of
the tile now in use.
SERMON BY BEY. F. C. LEE.
His Subject Was "Christian Unity
Versus Sectarian Bigotry."
The Rev. Frederic C. Lee delivered the
sermon at the California-street Meth
odist Episcopal Church last night. He
took for his subject "Christian Unity vs.
Sectarian Bigotry," and drew an interest
ing picture between the beauties of the
one and the horrors of the other.
"The spirit of bigotry and religious In
tolerance," the reverend lecturer said,
"has furnished infidelity with its strong
est weapons. Ingersoll, the mighty in
fldel, uses it In a potent manner when he>
says with eloquent though biting sarcasm,
'See how these Christians love each
other.' Was it not the spirit of bigotry
which started the fires of the Spanish In
quisition and in England sent Mary
Queen of Scots and Charles the First to
the block when the Puritans came into
power? Well can we say, 'Woe, religion,
what crimes have been committed in thy
name? What hideous horrors have been
perpetrated in the guise of Christianity?'
"I am glad that the age of religious
persecution is passing away, but sec
tarianism has not been exorcised en
tirely. Denominations are good, but de
nominationalism is bad. In things essen
tial let us have unity, in things doubtful,
liberty, but in all things charity. How
many Protestants are there who find an>
good in the Catholic church? She has
committed errors, it Is true, but let the
church that is without sin cast the first
stone. The prejudice that one church has
for another is unreasonable and should
not be countenanced. , All religions have
done something to overthrow sin and
build up the glory of Christ, and we
should not disparage another's because
they are not with us. We are all mem
bers of the same species and family.
"God grant that religious Intolerance
and bigotry will crumble away and each
religion recognize that they are beautiful
flowers in the other's garden. With one
heart let us continue to glorify God, and.
in the words of the Lord, 'May they all
be one even as we are one.' "
Don't trifle with piles. They are danger
ous. Use "Anakesis" at once and be cured*
THE DIPHTHEKIA SCABE.
Reports Concerning It Are Said to
Be Grossly Exaggerated.
When seen yesterday in regard to the
diphtheria scare in the Spring Valley
Grammar School, Silas A. White, the
school's principal, expressed himself as
"The reports in regard to diphtheria
prevailing in my school are grossly ex
aggerated. As a matter of fact but four
or five cases have been reported by the
health officers among my pupils, and but
one death has occurred among these—
that of Willie Wiedewilt. about 8 years
of age and one of the most promising
nupils of his grade. About four weeks
ago at my request, the health officers in
spected the school and gave it a clean
! bill of health." _
Buy wallpaper & window chades at Clark's,
653 Market. Country order" ■ illclted. •
California Theater.
"Northern Light," a military drama,
was produced at the California Theater
last evening to a crowded house. The
play deals with army and frontier life in
Montana. Judging from the reception the
production received it should have a suc
cessful run. .
Don't forget German Mother's Syrup cure*
ycur (hild'B cough. Better tr > - '*• 2Sc "
Socialists' Meeting.
A large audience packed Washington
Hall on Eddy street last night to hear
E T Klngsley of San Jose discourse on
the campaign Just finished and its mean
ing to tfie Socialist party. Mr. Kingsley
said that the contest was of great benefit
to socialists and showed an increase of
converts throughout the State.
Howard Black, 26 Montgomery St., S. F. •
A colossal granite monument is being
made by an Aberdeen firm to the order
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
of the Transvaal Government for erec
tion at Pretoria as a national memorial
of the repulse of the Jameson raid and a
recognition of President Krueger's patri
otism and valuable services to the repub
lic. Considerable reticence is observed
with regard to the work, as the contrac
tors, it seems, are bound under agreement
not to disclose particulars, but some de
tails have leaked out. Tne monument Is
composed of red Peterhead granite and is
inclosed by a substructure of about eigh
ty feet diameter. Access is obtained to
the main structure by four broad flights
of steps. The monument is octagonal in
form, 36 feet across and the same in
height, forming a solid mass of masonry,
on top of which it Is believed a statue of
the President will be placed.
DIED AND LEFT
HIS GOAT ALONE
Passing of "Yankee" Sullivan, a Well-Known Character
of Telegraph Hill, Last Saturday at the City
and County Hospital.
WITH the passing of "Yankee" Sullivan goes one of the city's best
known characters, and his death brings more prominently before his
old associates his chief mourner — the old goat, who was his constant
companion. The goat Is Inconsolable. When his master was sent out to the
hospital he wandered around from one saloon to the other, visiting all
their old haunts, and hunting among their old friends until now, failing to
groat stayea at Maddens until the expiration of the sentence, when he and
Sullivan celebrated in their customary style.
It was a queer partnership — the man and his goat — both falling: deeper,
each among his own kind, but falling together, the only redeeming feature
being the evident affection between them. Now that Sullivan is dead the
goat is traveling the pace that kills. He has made his headquarters at
Maddens and still has his beer, but he takes it alone, arid when he has
passed his allowance he has none of the hilarity of yore, but becomes
moody and morose and sleeps in a corner and perhaps wonders why his old
friend has left him alone. Sullivan died at the City and County Hospital
Saturday last after an illness of six weeks.
RABBI MYERS
FULLY DEFINES
HIS MEANING
Spoke as a Jew, Not
as a Rabbi.
HIS REMARKS MISQUOTED
APPEAL WAS ON THE GROUND
OF COMMON SENSE.
There Are Only Ten or Twelve Million
Jews and Intermarrying Would
Mean Their Sure Ab
sorption.
Referring to his much-talked-of dis
course of Saturday on "Manufacturers of
Mixed Marriages," Rabbi I. Myers of the
Congregation Ohabai Shalome said last
evening: "What I said in the matter was
said as a Jew and not as a rabbi. I
simply appealed to the Jewish community
on the ground of common-sense and with
a view of obviating the complete absorp
tion of the Jews. That is what inter
marrying means, absorption. There are
only ten or twelve million Jews all told,
and intermarrying undoubtedly means
their sure absorption. We do not want
to be wiped out, we want to live.
"There were two or three errors in the
press notices of my remarks. There was
no attempt or Intention on my part to be
personal. On the contrary I have the
highest regard for all my colleagues. I
simply spoke against a certain act, as I
believe I am justified in doing, and re
ferred to the easily surmounted barriers
in the way of such acts as a marriage fee
and the joining of the congregation of the
marrying rabbi. Without quoting the
Jewish law, I simply appealed to the
common-sense view of the matter. A
schoolboy could calculate how long it
would take for the absorption of the
Jews among- the rest of mankind. Though
I did not quote Jewish law, the Jewish
law emphatically condemns proselytizing
under such conditions. The fact of a
Gentile falling in love with the face of a
Jewess, which he considers her fortune,
or, which is more likely, with her figure,
when the figure is a high one, running
into thousands, does not necessarily
prove that he has changed the life-long
habits of thought and belief with which
he Is imbued, so as to be regarded as a
Jew.
"It Is not 'creed' so much as 'deed' that
was demanded by Judaism when a Gentile
knocked at its doors for admission, and
the greatest caution was taken to make
sure that the Gentile was not actuated
by any but the purest motives before he
was received into the pale of Judaism—
and then he was treated with the greatest
tenderness and consideration."
"Is it true that you said that In such
cases such parties ought to be married
by a magistrate or a Justice of the
peace?"
"Yes. The civil law ought to be quite
sufficient for them. I do not see why a
rabbi should put the stamp of holiness on
a covenant which, from a Jewish point of
view, cannot be considered a holy one."
"What have you to say in regard to
Rabbi Nieto's statement that there are
only three requisites of the Jewish
faith?"
"1 have already Indicated that Judaism
is a religion of action rather than of be
lief. There are millions of the human race
who believe In the three doctrines re
ferred to by Dr. Nieto, but that fact does
not constitute them Jews. They would be
Unitarians or theists. Judaism, as I have
said before, demands action and conform
ing to Jewish laws. Belief is not and
cannot be commanded in the Jewish law.
The 613 laws enumerated by the rabbis
are called negative and affirmative pre
cepts, referring to actions which are
within a man's power. Belief does not
depend upon a man's will. A man will
believe in spite of himself if he is con
vinced, but he can *act If he chooses.
That is one of the characteristic features
of Judaism."
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
New Organ at St. Dominic's.
The magnificent new organ recently
erected in St. Dominic's Church was test
ed thoroughly yesterday afternoon as to
its merits by Professor H. J. Stewart. The
churgh was crowded almost to its utmost
find his master, he has placed
himself under the care of Dick
Madden, In whose saloon on
Broadway, the goat has often
drunk not wisely but too well.
Sullivan picked up the goat
when, as a kid. It was hunting for
a home on Telegraph Hill. He
raised It through the various
stages of goatshlp and taught it
to drink, and in return the goat
bestowed upon Sullivan all the af
fection of a dog. It followed him
everywhere, and when, as was
often the case, Sullivan's course
was saloonward, the goat brushed
past the swinging doors after him
and lined up at the bar with the
"boys." He was fond of good
steam beer, as was his master,
and when it happened that the
steam was unusually sharp and
plentiful and his master was in
need of assistance home, it was
seldom the dissolute old animal
was in a condition to offer any
thing more than sympathy. He
even went so far on one occasion
as to get himself arrested when he
found his master In the hands of
the police. Sullivan was appre
hended for raising a disturbance
while under the influence; the
wagon was called and Sullivan
was given a seat. It was the in
tention of the policemen to leave
the goat, but it was not his inten
tion to stay, so he climbed Into
the wagon, despite all opposition,
and rode to the prison. They
stalked him out on the lawn, but
he made the night hideous until
he was taken in and locked up
with his master. Sullivan was
sentenced for six months and the
capacity by music lovers from all parts of
the city, who came to hear one of the
largest, if not the largest, instrument of
its kind this side of the Rockies.
In conjunction with the organ a choir
specially augmented for the occasion ren
dered many selections by the great mas
ters.
W. H. LILLIE SERIOUSLY ILL.
Suffering From a Complicated Attack
of Typhoid Fever.
William H. Lillie, the well known archi
tect whose office is in the Claus Spreckel3
building, is critically ill at his home,
1230 Tenth avenue.
Mr. Lilile has been In bad health for
some time past, and about two weeks ago
he was forced to take to his bed. Dr. R.
E. Bunker, who is attending him, diag
nosed his trouble as typhoid fever, and
during the last few days the dread disease
has been rendered more deadly because of
a complication of congestion of the lungs,
so that at present Dr. Bunker has little or
: no hopes of Mr. Lillie's recovery, although
yesterday he was resting easily,:
Noprofessional man is better known in
San Francisco than Mr. Lillie. He design
ed the Masonic Home, and many of the
most prcr^t-snt and beautiful homes in
the residential portion of the city are his
creations. Mr. Lillie came to California
when a small boy with his parents, and
spent the first years of his life in this
State in Eureka. He was born in Minne
! seta, and is 36 years of age. He received
i his education as an architect in tnis city,
■ and it was here that he some years ago
! married Miss Mignon Acors. Mr. Lillie's
father, who has been informed of his
son's extreme illness, is at present living
at San Diego. The many friends of the
architect will learn with much sorrow of
his critical condition, and those who have
already been informed of li have express
ed their heartfelt wishes that he may re
cover and be spared for many years of
useful work.
AVERS WINS SENIOR
SKIFF CHAMPIONSHIP
AIAMEDA OARSMAN DEFEATS
THE PIONEER SCULLER.
Last Tear's Winner, Having Been
Disqualified, Did Not Pull in
Yesterday's Bace.
When the annual championship rowing
regatta of the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union was held on No
vember 6 at Long Bridge, the contestants
in the final heat of the senior outrigged
skiff event were Dr. C. C. Dennis of the
South Ends, F. Ayers and C. Ayers of the
Alamedas and C. Ochs of the Pioneers.
Dennis, who had the outside station,
started off with a rush, and, fouling Ochs,
broke the blade of one of his sculls, caus
ing Ochs to retire from the race. Dennis
came home two lengths ahead of his near
est opponent, F. Avers, but; on a protest
being lodged by Ochs, Referee J. W. Mor
ton disqualified Dennis.
During the week just past Dr. C. C,
Dennis wrote to the regatta committee
asserting that he had not fouled Ochs in
tentionally, and requesting permission to
row in the final heat. But Referee Mor
ton's decision disqualifying him was held
to be tinal.
About half an hour after noon yester
day Fred Avers of the Alamedas and C.
Ochs of the Pioneers (O. Ayers of the Ala
medas not being on hand) were dispatched
evenly by A. J. Fritz of the South Ends,
who officiated as starter. F. Ayers, being
?;iven choice of stations by Ochs, took the
nsice, and went ahead almost from the
start. W. Growney in a shell accom
panied the contestants as referee. Dan
Leahy and J. B. Brennan acted as judges
for Ochs and A. Taylor of the Ariels and
Lewis of the Alamedas for Ayers. Ayers
came in an easy winner by four lengths.
On November 6 the Pioneer junior crew
d<-feated the Ariel juniors, and won the
junior barge championship. The Ariels
claimed a foul against the Pioneers, but it
was not allowed by the referee. The
Pioneers, however, who, having won a
junior race, are non intermediates, ex
press their willingness to give the Ariels
a race on any convenient Sunday, and it
is quite likely that such a race will take
place. The Pioneers would like to have
a light new barge for the race, but, if that
cannot be obtained, will not refuse to row
in their old barge against the Ariels.
The Alamedas are now the holders of
three championships: The senior four
oared barge and the senior and junior out
rigged skiffs. The Pioneers hold the
junior barge and junior shell champion
ships, the Ariels are the intermediate
barge champions, and Pape of the Dol
phins won the senior shell race. The
South Ends, who last year held no fewer
than five championships, have this year
ben compelled to resign them all. The
Olympics made no entry in the cham
pionship events and the only Triton rep
resentative entered, C. Artigues in the
junior skiff event, did not start.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT S3 and 38.
Thanksgiving 's coming— we offer this
week seasonable goods — it will pay you to
examine them.
523^ Jfc^^ Jt^j/i *v 1^ i^L
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
MlNrcncA-r ) Home-made,therefore
MINCE riEAT f pure. Only the fresh-
Quart Jar, 45c. testt est materials used. 8
) lb. glass jars reg. 60c.
PECANS ) The great big kind
MtuunTD \■ "~ mammoth, from
MAMMOTH > Loufciana e U i ar iy
2SC. ) 35C. lb.
\ To close out last seas-
daicivc I on ' 8 table raisins,
Atl ->f >" hich BOld nt isc - lb.
4 IDS. 25C j Large, fine —only
/ small quantity left.
BRANDY ) California-pure grape
Bottle 60c > — J ust the thing for
nil«- O7t ( Mlnce-meat. Regu-
Uallon $2.25 ) larly 75c. and |3.00
FO 'ECIRASau \ Whole gooBe . u
. INATUKAL . V without truffles — La
Small Tins 90c. f Forest brand. Re*u-
1 Large 44 $1 40 ) lft riy $1.25 and $2.00
\ German rock candy
POCK" PVP f and P ure r y« whiskey
aY r ♦♦! > JuBt the thing for
»sc. Bottle I coughs and colds.
~- •■ . J Regularly $1.00 bottle.
BLACK FIGS f California— new crop.
4 lbs. 25C. C Regularly 100. lb.
\ 150 dozen brooms
- RPOOMS I made of specially se-
BKUU.TIb I . c ,ed corn Regular-
ZSC. eacil V ly 40c. each. W© guar-
s2.so dozen. I antee this article and
fttj&*%s*<iWi I if not satisfactory will
/ refund money.
CLARET f A good Claret, usu-
35c. Gallon < ally 60c a gallon.
}Trnfn«§, iml and botlad
cider. Ens'.l«h, French and
Amerfctn plum pudding. Im-
ported cluster raliint, »e«d«d
ral.ln». gUco citron, or. c
•od lemon poel, Apetlt iild,
Kleler iprotten, Smjrn» tlgt.
German pcutoei, - bloat<r
Biacksrel poiomao n» and
mllohner berrinfi. ■ ' ,
pnfnfc, We frn»rantee perfect service, highest
rUll|lu« quality goods and money back if goods
don't suit you.
Mail orders carefully attended. Send for -
j Catalogue. '.-■;'„•■ ;
unfo* Special Broom Sale continues for entire
nlllu. week.
Frr TlTsnilQ* We have shipped hundreds of
IUI IllOlllld. Xmas packages - for our brave
boys 1 at Manila.,: We know what's wanted and
how to pack it. .'.,
Country orders shipped free 100 miles.
1\ ! ET D V/IT A X*™*** VITALITY
l>ltrt VMM lost vigor, ;:;
d*3B§t' ■ AND MANHOOD
ii«'**J Coret Impofencv Night Emissions and wattinj;
89}4fl disessci, all effect* of self-abuse, or excess and
"^V^^mJ I indiscretion. . A nenre^ooie acd blood>builder.
J'*to'^«rßrinei (he pink glow to pe!e cheeks and t±*
U. Kr<*lD store* the fire of youth.' By, mail 500 per
RC^SI. boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
•R H%3f^i guarantee to cure or refund the money.
•<iTita medical £c, f.Hntoa « aaciwoti tti., Cblcdflj,
WAL.LiER BROS., 83 Grant aye., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
BLANKET DEPARTMENT I
SPECIAL SALE!
We will place on our counters, MONDAY, November 14,
138 PAIRS OF FULL-SI^SD BLANKETS
For Double Beds at the Following
REDUC TIOIWS :
30 pairs, reduced from $3 50 to $2 5O
15 pairs, reduced from 375 to 300
18 pairs, reduced from 500 to 450
33 pail's, reduced from 7 00 to 6 OO
25 pairs, reduced from 750 to 650
17 pairs, reduced from 900 to 800
The above are slightly faded on the borders, from being shown in the
windows in all other respects they are perfectly fresh. As we do not
carry any imperfect goods, have concluded to close them out at the
above reductions.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
,DR. MEYERS dfc CO.,
Specialists for All Diseases of Men.
T | T HKSE SUCCKS3-
s **?!^^^S«S> * f v I physicians
J&i«»e{s£«S£^*k%^ have the most exten-
f&ftx&f larg-est and best
J-iv&v? sM 1 cc l u 'PP e< i medical in-
¥&s£% runSti stitutlon on thePi-
V*^^M clno Coast. They have
(*iiF^ t??W^i?ri%™«i\ puch confidence in
•n.**** \^j they will let the pa-
'/ \>jssa\. ' '4' — : \jjjfl tient deposit the price
? s i^^ AS^^^rXi or with any bu slnes3
(wfiAyvSm icfflw*^ .**» # house or newspaper
&*^&§^ffitf3msi '/ in San Francisco, to
mSm»M^l i be paid to them when
\W^'^^MWs?§A the cure is effected.
iiMA^ JUvPSK'jJ^k.'? 1 or wiu take m0I "h!y
BtS^k ** 1 NftOwfSSi^ installments if the
Established 17"Years. patient prefers.
Thousands cured at
home. Advice and private book free. Letters
confidential. DR. MEYERS & CO.. 731 Market
St.. San Francisco, Cal.
li^S-^ JrandTUIVIOR
JjRkWmJSr No KNIFE"or PAIN
4^ EM RjTir»fc tio Pay Lntil Cured
M^ ISjSKjfiiw§sKlfla '^M Anylumpin awoman'i
•JgSES^^SSK&ii^yjiiJl treast Is cancer. T!.>- pot-
■_.-.« rBWffiffSsSiyyyw oa quickly goes to arm-
RkMHR H|^^ plt- If l*rgo It Is too lata.
.--t3^?'s£»".>'H^^^^ Men's fac» and lip a com-
!linn place.
i^\sßftJ^ Sa I g... Tacie Book sent fre*
B iT" »- 11l M I I\rtth hundreds of addressea
y&g^^ —S^ lg«^r oi honest cures. KoFtuCK.
S. R. CHAMLBY, M.D., 23 and 25 Third St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER.
Munyon's Headache and IndigestlonCurc
is the only remedy cv tL<: market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's : ripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c.
mv^^a^ WHEN YOU
Require an ELEC-
822^2^ trie belt £ et " Dr
Pierces" and you will
N not be disappointed, !
~5M^ Call or address PIERCE
'' ELECTRIC CO., 620
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel), S. F.
lA/. X. HESS,
FOTIBT PUBLIO AND ATTOBNKT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus S- <el» Bid*.
. Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California »t.. below PowalJ.
Ban FraacUco. •
AMTTSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
TO-NIGHT,
Lincoln J. 'Carter's Masterpiece of Stage
Realism,
UNDER
mm* THE  . '\
DOME!
ENTIRE NEW COMPANT.
Kvery Evening— Matinees Sat. and Sunday.
Next Monday— HENDERSON CO..
Presenting "THE CRUST OF SOCIETY."
Matinees, 23c to all parts; 15c gallery.
Evening. 15c, 25c. Soc and 50c.
SEATS— Theater and Emporium.
ALCAZARTHEATER.
TO NIGHT and Daring Entire Week,
William .. i A FOOL OF
H. Crane's n 8 Uw* Wi
Comedy...... ! FORTUNE..
Presented by
THE ALCAZAR STOCK.
Unique Stage" Settings— Scenery.
Seats by Phone Main 264.
PRICES : 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— IMAGINATION.
Huh. ~^?M&L&£>/OEr TRACKS j
OrACING from Monday, Nov. 14, toO:
Saturday, Nov. 26, inclusiYe. fk
. five or More Running K»oe» Daily, E»in \ /
r^ er Bain*.
>/ Beautiful Grounds. V/
Superior Accommodations. i^
ll , FIRST RACE AT 2 P. .M. < fl
»« : S. P. R. R. Trains. 12:45 and 1:13 /
Op. ■ m.t. dally/ Leave Third-street
Station, stopping at Valencia street. { J
jz- Returning : immediately after the > f
fl races. Round-trip ticket, 25c.
\i ELECTRIC CAR LINES. I 1
X£ Kearny-street and = Mission-street »_«
BB cars every three minutes, direct to
\ § track without change. Fillmore- I / ;
f^ street cars transfer each way.:.",:j; ; it^
O street cars transfer each way. V CfJ
ADMISSION TO THE TRACK, $1.00. fl
5^ S. N.AXDROUS. President. >/
W^ F. 11. GREEN. Secretarj-. - '
oooofignoooo
CONCERTS : AND : BESORTjf . V :
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M.
. Bathing from 7 A. M. to SP. M.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 3j
■ Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, 20c. . i
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
I GOTTLOB. MARX & CO.. Lessees and Manager*.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
THE SEASON'S LAUGHING SUCCESS.
! Mr. Jacob Litt Presents Grant Stewart' •
Comedy,
Mistakes
Will Happen.
". Presented by a Great Company,
Headed by
. CHARLES DICKSON and HENRIETTA
CROSMAN.
Next Monday— "SECRET SERVICE." v
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
\ OTTLOB, MARX & CO. . Lessees and Managers.
iii?f: | APPLAUDED!
IMMENSE SUCCESS OF Wf'^i
William Calder and Company ln the
ROMANTIC MILITARY PLAY,
NORTHERN
LIGHTS!
■. 50 PEOPLE ON THE STAGE.
PRICES 15e, 25c, 35c, 50c.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
j GOTTLOB, MARX & CO.. Lessees and Mana*er«.
[ LAST 7 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
MYSTIFYING— BEWILDERINQ
KELLAR,
THE GREAT MAGICIAN, '
Assisted by MRS. KELLAR.
NEW FEATURES.
OH!— An Odd Title for an Astounding Feat.
THE MYSTERY OF L'HASSA— A Mahatma
Marvel.
GET RID OF YOUR WIFE— A Comedy Fea-
ture. ;-.!.»•■■-;
Next Monday— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
— — — — . — _____
HARRY LACY, assisted by MISS VAN BIC-
LEN, in the comedy sketch, "Bob Racket's
Pajamas." :
FLO IR WIN AND WALTER HAWLEY, In
the "Gay Miss Con."
22— HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS— 22
Greatest act by trained aogs in the world.
FLOOD BROS., acrobatic monarchs.
FRANK AND DON. comedy boxers.
JAMES CULLEN, descriptive vocalist.
PAULINE HALL, new songs.
BEATRICE MORELAND AND COMPANY.
In "A Game of Golf."
BIOGRAPH. new views.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; box seats
and orera chairs. 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
IOROSCO'S GRANDS
V altkb Mobosco, Sole Lessee and Manages V
THIS EVENING at 8:15.
An Elaborate Production of W. R. Waldron and -
. Lionel Ellis' Great Eastern Success,
A Midnight Trust
A GREAT MELODRAMA.
. BEAUTIFUL SCENIC EFFECTS.
NEW SONGS! NEW PEOPLE! NEW PLAY!
EVENING PRICES— 25c and 50c.
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday '
Seats on sale at box-offloe and main floor
of the Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreiingr, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
First Presentation at this house of Oscar Well'B
Comedy Opera ln Three Acta^
Suzette
A MUSICAL TREAT.
A GREAT CAST. A PERFECT ENSEMBLE.
ONLY MATINEE— SATURDAY at II p. m. * ;
Next— "THE WEDDING DAY."
Popular Prices... ................tSc and 500
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee ...........'.25a -
. ' • Our Telephone, ■= Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO. ;
"CONGO," the Gorilla Man. '
. "JOE STORMS JR.," Orang-Outang,
: and "SALLY," only Chimpanzee .
In America, All captured 800 miles up the
Gaboon River, on the west j coast cf . Africa. J -
AND NEW MOVING PICTURES!. . •
NEW BILL IN ; THE ' FREE THEATER. '
Every THURSDAY, AMATEUR NIGHT.
: 10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c
56
GOMEZ TURNING
ON AMERICANS
Will No Longer Have
' Any About Him.
LOSES ABLE STAFF OFFICERS
TROUBLE WITH INSURGENTS IS
BREWING.
It Will Be Difficult to Get the Ma- j
jority to Disband — Cooler
Weather and Less Sick
ness at Santiago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO, Nov. 13.— Captain War
ren, an American who has been with
General Gomez, says the General will
no longer have Americans about him
and is getting rid of them as fast as
possible. He takes the same course in
the case of Cubans suspected of favor
ing annexation to the United States.
The result is that some of the best men
who were long attached to his immedi
ate staff are not now with him. It will
be difficult, Captain Warren believes, to
get a majority of the insurgents to dis
band. His idea is that when the Amer
ican authorities gret control of the other
portions of the island, they should give
out no rations and punish severely all
thefts of cattle and produce. He thinks,
too, that there may be some trouble
with the insurgents because of their in
sisting on the right to courtmartial de
linquents among themselves.
There is very little serious sickness
among the troops herp. Everybody is
improving with the cooler weather.
It is estimated that no fewer than
18.000 people in this section are learn- \
ing English, in addition to the school j
children.
The greater part of Marina street is j
now macadamized. This improvement j
is to be extended throughout the entire j
city, in place of the ancient cobble- j
stones.
The United States revenue steamer |
Manning is now here with Captain J
Shoemaker, chief of the Revenue Cut
ter Service, who came to investigate I
as to the need for a vessel for Collector ]
Donaldson. Captain Shoemaker be- j
lieves that Collector Donaldson's re
quest should be complied with.
( nving to the heavy weather, the
Manning, instead of the converted
yacht Hist, will be placed at the dis- j
posal of General Wood, commander of j
the military division of Santiago, for ;
his trip from Guantanamo along the j
northern coast of the province. The '
Manning, with General Wood, will j
probably leave on Tuesday.
MURDERED MAN'S BODY
FLOATING IN A LAKE
Evidence of a Crime Found in a Body
of Water Near Santa
Monica.
SANTA MONICA. Nov. 13.— The body of i
a man with two bullet wounds in the left '
breast was found this morninp floating in
Ballona Lake. Joo Teagle, keeper of the \
Recreation Gun Club grounds, discovered j
it. The authorities were notified and the
body brought to Guidinger's undertaking
parlors, where it awaits identification. It i
is that of a man about 48 years old, 5 feet ;
10 in height, weight probably over 200 |
pounds, dark complexion, dark mustache,
hair tinged with gray, slightly bald
headed, man looks like an Italian. He ;
was attired in gray underwear, black ;
striped trousers, blur hose, tan shoes, i
without coat, vest or shirt.
The body may have bt.-^n thrown from a !
rising rhip and drifted to where it w:is I
found. Possibly the man was a hunter !
camping in this vicinity.
That it was not an accidental shooting
ia certain from the mariner In which he
was clothed, and it is impossible that the
wounds were self-inflicted. There seems to
be no doubt that a murder has bf-en com
mitted. The body seemingly had not been
in tli^ water more than two or three days'.
Several parties claim to have seen the
man on the streets here recently, but no
one has glvf-n any ckw to his identity.
There is evidence of a severe contusion
on the side of the head. "Whether this
was received before or after death will
probably be determined at the inquest, ]
which will be held to-morrow morning.
PRESIDENT PRAISES
CALIFORNIA TROOPS
Thanks Governor Budd for the Splen-
did Showing Made by This
State During the War.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. Adjutant
General A. W. Barrett has Just returned
from Washing-ton with a check for $SS.
31105, drawn by the United States Gov
ernment In payment for transportation,
equipments, quartermasters and commis-
Bary stores furnished to the California
Volunteers by this State. California has
the distinction of having been the first
State to obtain a settlement with the
Government, due chiefly to the fact that
the accounts of California were in splen
did shape, vouchers accompanying each
item charged the Government, thereby
saving long delays in having the claims
adjusted. . The other States had their
papers returned two and three times for
correction.
The general called on President Ale-
Kinley by appointment, and the President
told him he wished to thank Governor
Budd for the splendid showing made by
him during the war with Spain in the
matter of getting the troops in to the
volunteer service, and for the excellent
troops from California, particularly the
First Regiment, at Manila.
CHEATS THE GALLOWS.
Bnital IDouble Murderer Hangs Him-
self in Wisconsin.
MILWAUKEE, Wla.. Nov. IS.— A spe
ci.Tl to the Sentinel from Manitowoc, Wis.,
pays: Ernst Messman. v/ho was arrested
for the brutal double murder of Mr. and
Mrs. }^hl?h at MhrMcott, near Two Riv
ers, on November ~>. and p!a£ed in jail at
Manitowoc for safekeeping, was to-day
found dead in his cell; having taken his
own life by hanging. Before taking his
life Messman made a full confession to
the Sheriff of the atrocious crime, which
tallies with the theory as given at the
time of his arrest- It if ivlW-vil that be
committed suicide through fear of being
lynched.
SUICIDE OF A CALIFORNIA!?.
Charles H. Thornton of LO3 Angeles
Kills Himself at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 13.— Charles 11. Thorn
ion, vviio registered at the Southern Hotel
yesterday .from Los AngeJes.-.^al., was
found dead In his -room about nit'lu'jjht.
lie had shot himself in the mo.it h. Thf
m:in had been in the city for some time
and previous to. yesterday had beon stay
ing at the Moser Hotel. His remains
were taken to the Morgue. No reason is
known for the deed.
Gotham's Great Horse Show.
• NEW YOltK. Nov. 13.— THe annual
horse show and parade of fashion will
begin to-morrow in Madison-square Gar
den, and the directors of the National
Horse Show Association to-day cele
brated in advance the success they feel
certain to attend the show this year. A
dinner was given In the garden and after
it the guests were invited into the arena,
where most of the horses entered were
put through their paces preliminary to
the opening. The entries this year are
far more numerous than they «ere
last fall and the standard is high, tsery
box was sold several days ago and.
though there were few fancy prices paid
for choice, the average was nign.
CAMP MEADE WILL BE
DESERTED THIS WEEK
By Thursday the Entire Second
Corps Will Have Left lor the
New Southern Camps.
CAMP MEADE. Middletown, Pa., Nov.
13 —The end of Camp Meade Is in sight.
By Thursday the entire Second Army
Corps will have left for the new camps
in the South. Three regiments started to
day and three more will go to-morrow.
General Young and staff and the Signal
Corps will be the last to go. The regi
ments leaving to-day were the Second
West Virginia. Kighth Pennsylvania and
First Rhode Island. A battalion of a
regiment, not yet designated, will stay fce
hind to guard Government property.
Secretary Alger is so well pleased with
this location that a portion of it may
be again used next spring. The hospitals
have been cleaned out and on Wednesday
their equipment will be sent away. The
headquarters of the corps will be ut Au
gusta. Ga. The troops will be scattered
between that city, Athens, Ga., SummeY
ville, Columbia and Greenville.
A train is provided for each battalion
and each man is allowed a seat to him
self, l nree days" travel rations and five
days' field rations and fee money are is
sued to each regiment before starting. A
hospital car in charge of a surgeon and
nurses is attached to each regimental
train and a surgeon is sent with each sec
tion.
The Fourteenth Pennsylvania Regiment
leaves to-morrow for Summerville, and
Tuesday the Thirteenth starts for Au
gusta. The other two Pennsylvania reg
iments have already been sent away. The
sick soldiers in the city hospitals will join
the commands after they are able to leave
and have had a thirty days' furlough.
STATE SUPREME COURT
CONGESTED WITH WORK
Superior Judge York of Los Angeles
Suggests a Scheme for
its Belief.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13.— The State
Supreme Court has become so congested
with work that a scheme has been sug
gested by which the labors of the Justices
may be lightened. Judge York of the Su
perior Court of this county has given
much thought to the subject and has em
bodied hi 3 ideas in a bill which will be
introduced at the next Legislature. By
his plan the work in the Supreme Court
will be specialized, with the result of
economizing both time and labor. His
plan is the eliminating of Supreme Court
Commissioners and making department
decisions iinal, which will do away with
the consideration of the ?ame matters by
commissioners and Justices other than
those specially charged with their con
sideration. In other words, such a mode
will prevent the same identical work being
gone over more than once without any
compensation.
The most Important point, too, will be
the reduction In expanses. Under the
present mode there are seven Justices and
five Commissioners. Each Commisioner
receives the same salary as a Supreme
Court Justice, but under the proposed
amendments there would be ten Juhtloes
and no Commissioners. With an increase
of work the Legislature would have power
to add another department with three ad
ditional Justices, but even then the num
ber would never exceed the present aggre
gate of Justices and Commissioners by
one, and years would elapse before the ne
cessity tor such increase would justify the
Legislature in making the addition.
EVIDENCE OF INTENT TO
DISABLE THE BUFFALO
Sensational Facts Are. Leaking Out
From tne Board of Inves
tigation.
NEW YORK, Nov. IS.— A Newport (R.
L) special to the World says: Notwith
standing the unusual secrecy sought to be
maintained by the court of inquiry now
on board the cruiser Buffalo investigating
the recent disabling of the warship,
enough has leaked out to warrant the be
iief that her condition was not due to ac
cident but to design. A man who ia in a
position to know the truth says:
"The injury to the machinery of the
Buffalo was discovered last Monday and
reported to Commander Hemphill. There
was evidence that her sea valves had
been tampered with, and a sailor's 'ditty
bag' was found stuffed in one of the con
densers, rendering it practically useless.
There is no doubt that the cruiser had a
narrow escape at sea^ and there i.s reason
to believe that the dissatisfaction of the
crew had much to do with the alleged ac
cident. The sailors are known to have
held the Buffalo in abhorrence and to
have referred to her frequently as a 'hell
shii>. p "
GILT-EDGES VICTORIOUS.
They Beat the Athletics in a Fine
Contest.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13.— The Gilt
Edges won from the Athletics to-day in
one of the best contests of the season. It
was a pitchers' battle, and until the sev
enth inning Fitzpatrick held his own
against Doyle, neither team scoring and
both men doing great execution and keep
ing the few hits well scattered. Fitz
patrick tired toward the close of the
eighth, and the locals touched him up for
enough hits to win out.
The features of the game were a home
run by Walker, lightning stops by Loch
head and Stulz and a neat double piay
by Stulz and Johnson. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
: . AB. It. BH. SB. ro. A. E.
McHale, 2b .» 4 0 2 112 0
Peeples, 3b 5 0 10 1 2 0
Doyle, p 4 0 0 0 12 0
Stanley, c 3 1113 2 0
IxKhhead. s. b 3 0 2 0 4 6 0
Walker, c. f 3 2 10 10 1
Harvey. r. f 3.1 0» 0 30 0
.Shanahan, lb 4 1 2 0 12 0 0
Borland, I. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 33 1 9 2 27 13 1
ATHI/TCTIC.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hanley, 2b.. 4 =0 10 110
Meany, c. 1 3 0 10 4 0 0
Hilderbrand, r. f.... 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
.Stulz. b. fi 3 0 10 6 5 1
Johnston, lb ....4 00 011 0 1
McLaughlln. 5b...... 2 0 0 11 l 0
Lohman, c 4 0 0 0 4 3 1
Fitzpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 12 0
Totals 31 14 1 87 12 3
...'.'. .RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 2 o—s
Base hits,... 0 12 10 2 2 1 o—9
Athletic 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 o—l
Base hits 2 0 10 0 10 0 0 —
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible' foiv-Fltzpatrick 3. Home
run— "Walker. Three-bafe hit— Lochl-.ead. Two
ba.°e hits— Lochhead, Sh.inahan, McHalo. Sac
rifice hits— Lochh»>ad, Walker, Meany. Base
on errors— Sacramento 2. Athletic 1. Base 3 on
balls— Off Doyle 4. off Fitzpatrick 4. Left on
bases— Sacramento 8. Athletic 7. Struck, out—
Hy Doyle 2, ■by Fitzpatrick 1. Double play—
Stulz to Johnston. Passed Lohman.
Time— l:4o. Umpire— O'Connell. -: Scorer—Orlf
fln.
Joe Jefferson Improving.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Joseph Jefferson
has canceled hit; engagement at the
Fifth-avenue Theater, where he was to
appear in "Rip Van Winkle" and "The
Rivals" this week. Mr. Jefferson was
oompelled to remain in his apartments all
of last week on account of a severe at
tack r.t bronchitis. He has almost eom
pi< tely recovered from his attack, but
his physician advises him to rest for an
other week, at the end of which time he
will fill his coming engagements.
Snow Falls in Kansas.
LARKED, Kans., Nov. 1.1.— This section
of the State was visited by one of the
heaviest snowstorms of the season last
night and to-day. The spring wheat will
be benefited;
It is said that a French painter one day
visited the Salon in Paris in company
with a friend who was a member of the
committee of selection, and who had been
instrumental in securing the acceptance
of tho painter's work. When the artist
came near his picture he exclaimed:
"Good gracious! You are exhibiting my
picture the wrong side up." "Hush!" was
the reply. "The committee refused It the
other way."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
WOMEN OCCUPY
ST. PAUL PULPITS
Preaching by W. C. T.
U. Delegates.
CONVENTION WORK VARIED
TEMPLE MATTER WILL COME UP
TO-DAY.
! A Lively Contest for the National
Presidency — Seattle Favored
as the Next Place of
Meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 13.— This was a quiet
day among the W. C. T. U. delegates
so far as convention work was con
cerned. A number of delegates filled
local pulpits, both morning and even-
Ing. But one session of the convention
was held, Miss E. W. Greenwood,
world's and national superintendent of
the evangelistic department, preaching
at 2:30 at the People's Church. The
temple matter and election of officers,
which promises so much excitement
Monday and Tuesday, were kept as
j much in the background as possible for
subjects In which all are interested.
The temple matter is due to come up
j late Monday afternoon, when Mrs. Ma
i tilda B. Case, the founder of the tern-
I pie, will make her report on it and seek
to overcome the adverse decision of the
executive committee on the subject.
The polling of delegates continues ac
tively and everybody is confident of
| winning. A very lively contest Is
I promised, the first move probably be
j ing an attempt to secure a secret ballot.
! Friends of the temple believe they can
| gain most by such a course, because of
i the timidity of some of the delegates.
j The general opinion has been that Mrs.
M. N. Stevens, vice president at large
and acting president, would be unop
posed In her candidacy for the pluc»
made vacant by the death of Miss
Frances E. Willard, but several other
candidates have been announced. Mrs.
Martin H. Dunham of lowa, one of the
I temple trustees and now State presi
dent of lowa, i.s a prominent candidate,
and her friends hope for help from the
friends of the temple. Another promi
nent candidate is Mrs. G. B. Forbes,
State president of Connecticut.
Mrs. Stevenson's resignation leaves
the position of corresponding secretary !
vacant' and a number of prominent
workers have been mentioned for the
office. There is little canvassing being
done, and Miss Anna A. Gordon, for
! merly Miss Willard's confidential friend
I and secretary', seems to be the most
prominent in the field. There seems
! no reason to doubt that the other of
ficers will be re-elected. The place of
| the next meeting has not yet been de
: cided upon, but it Is probable that it will
be Seattle. There are a number of
Eastern cities that have invited the
convention to meet in the East, but the
i general sentiment seems to be in favor
i of Seattle.
THE KAISEB'S BIG SOLDIEBS.
"The tallest man in his army," who
accompanied the German Emperor in
his visit to the East, is a grenadier
i named Chiemke, who is nearly 6 feet 10
j inches in his stockings. This Frederick
i William mania of the Kaiser Is an old
| device of his for impressing the for
| elgner. On returning from his first
I visit to Constantinople In 1889 the Em-
I peror sent the Sultan a complete set
of kettledrums, which he intrusted to
! the tallest officer in his army, Lieuten
i ant Pleskow, who is very little, if at all,
' under 7 feet. Once, indeed, when this
I Prussian guardsman looked over a
se ven-foot garden wall and asked a girl
picking gooseberries therein what was
the way to so-and-so, the simple
i maiden told him to ride first to the
I right and then to the left, and he would
i find the place he wanted. The nymph
j had honestly fancied that an officer
i overpeering her garden wall like that
must necessarily be on horseback.
London Chronicle.
ANNOYED BY SILVER.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is sin
gular among the roll of English Pri
mates for his hatred of pomp and dec
! oration. Once, when the guest of a
I country gentleman, he was much an-
I noyed by the display of silver candle
| sticks In his room. After his Lordship's
{ departure these silver candlesticks
I were nowhere to be seen. The dis-
I tressed clergyman at once wrote to the
! Bishop, as he then was, telling him of
| his loss, and adding. "'Can you tell us
I what has happened?" The reply came
[by wire: "Poor, but honest; look in
I the chest of df awers."
This is not fhe only silver adventure
in which Archbishop Temple has been
concerned, says the London Outlook.
On another occasion he was put up by
a clergyman during the absence of that
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Balss over 0,000,000 Boxes
P PILLS*
FOB BILIOUB AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
Buch as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
, Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
I ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushiners
I of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sonsations.
THE FIE3T DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MIKUTEB. 1 Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
EEKCHAM-s PIIXS. taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstrnctions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure dick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
... .' : And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Parent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Storea.
Dad way's
. Purely vegetable, mild - and reliable. ; Cause
1 perfect "digestion,"; complete' absorption , and
healthful regularity. '. • . •-••" . :; ' ."
-•« For the cure of all disorders of . the Stomach. 1
Liver. Bowels. ICldneys.' Bladder, Female Ir- !
I regularities, Sick BlllousneM, Con-
i stipation, Piles and : all : derangements iof : th»
I Internal Viscera. 2.1 cts. t a box. =At Drusffistm,
\or by maiL* KADWAT St CO.. New York. >
clergyman's wife. On leaving the host
politely expressed the hope that when
next his Lordship honored the house
Mrs. Temple would accompany him.
"No thanks," the Archbishop laconic
ally replied; "Mrs. Temple doesn't like
roughing it." The clergyman's feelings
were deeply hurt, foi- the visit had
meant some expense and much anxiety
to him. He unburdened his soul to his
wife on her return. "Why, my dear,
she exclaimed, "you didn't surely put
the Bishop into the pink bedroom, did
you?" He did. "Oh, then, that's it. I
put all the plate in the bed!"
VOORHEES' GENEROSITY.
The late Senator Voorhees of Indiana
was a person to whom a story of want
and suffering rarely failed to appeal,
and, when so touched, his hand usually
w^nt to his pocket. However, his gen
erosity was not infrequently at the ex
pense of his friends — as many stories
still told of him go to illustrate, says
the Chicago Journal.
The Senator and an old friend, Colo
nel W. R. Hunter, who, previous to his
death two years ago, was one of Terre
Haute's best known citizens, Vere en
gaged in conversation on a street cor
ner in Terre Haute one day when a
thin, ill dressed man, bearing all the
marks of the under side of lifej, ap
proached and called Mr. Voorhees to
one side. He then told the Senator a
story of hard luck; of his failure to se
cure work, and his physical inability to
work if he had it; of a family with
nothing to eat, finally winding up with
a plea for assistance.
A sympathetic look overspread his
hearer's face.
"Why, of course, my poor man," the
Senator replied, heartily. He reached
for his purse, but it was not about him.
Then one after another he ran through
his pockets, but could not find a cent.
"Here, Hunter," he said, turning to
his friend, '"give this man $5 for me."
With something approaching a grunt,
for he weighed but little less than 300
pounds, Colonel Hunter drew out a well
filled wallet and tendered the suppli
cant a $5 bill. The man thanked both
Senator Voorheees and Mr. Hunter and
hastily stowed the money away in a
pocket — which waß the last the colonel
ever saw or heard of his $5.
SEEKING BEAUTY.
Caroline Otero, Cleo de Merode and
several other famous Paris beauties
have disappeared utterly from sight.
This is not startling, however, for in
France, where beautiful women take
themselves seriously and cherish their
pood looks, it 1s quite customary for
them to seclude themselves occasionally
to repair the ravages of time, sun and
wind. For eight or ten days they are
not at home, even to their closest ac
quaintances. •
The retirement usually occurs after
i a summer at the seashore and before
the winter gayetles begin. Freckles on
milky skins, tan and roughness— all
these must be got rid of. Experts In
massage and beauty doctors flit in and
out of the rooms of madame and there
are baths of milk and cologne, coatings
of mysterious oils and creams which
remain on night and day, and stories
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~ I PLAIN TALK TO
! WOMEN ON
! "AVOIDED SUBJECTS."
(First American translation from the twenty-seventh
| French edition by Professor Declat, Paris.)
J IT EXPLAINS— What Every Woman Should
Know; What Every Woman Should Read.
IT EXPLAINS— The Mysteries of Life; How to
♦ Mate Well; Be Happy in Marriage, and Have
Healthy Children.
\IT EXPLAINS— The True Reasons of Deser-
♦ tions, Divorces, Elopements.
Circulation in France during 1897, THREE MIL-
I LION COPIES. It is only intended to reach the hands
♦ of the women who have a right to know the truth of
♦ SEXUAL AND SOCIAL SCIENCE. It will not under
♦ any circumstances be permitted to gratify a depraved
I imagination. The subject is a purely practical one, about
♦ which there need be neither mystery nor exaggeration,
♦ consequently IT IS NOT FOR SALE IN ANY BOOK-
♦ STORES. Popular edition can be secured by calling at our
♦ office or sending 25 cents. Will be sent in plain envelope.
j DR. ROUXEL, 323 Kearny St.,
I BOURSrI° un 's.l..*"i 1 i« t i2 BPM - San Francisco.
z
A young gentleman, wbose character is above reproach, promi-
nent in the religious circles of a Pennsylvania village, an exhorter of
the M. H. Society there, Secretary of the Quarterly Conference, and
at one time President of the Christian Endeavor Society, has long
been a user of Ripans Tabules, and says of them : " They keep my
bowels open, they do not gripe, they do not purge, and I do not have
bad pains in my stomach any more, which I had, with dyspepsia and
constipation, for years — in fact, up to about three days after I began
taking the Tabules. There used to be some kinds of food my stomadi
would sicken on — pork, for instance. I could not eat it without having
a distressed feeling. Now everything goes down, pork and greasy
food, that used to make me sick to think of. I always have a few of
the Tabules in my pocket for use if occasion arises."
are told of strips of skin taken from
newly killed animals— hares and rab
bits—and applied still warm to the
shoulders and arms of the beauty seek
ers. This treatment is said to give a
velvety luster and surface and to re
move any disfiguring marks.
When this is all over the women
emerge with ten years subtracted from
their age. the tired lines about the eyes
and mouth gone and girlish beauty re
stored. That it is expensive is not de
nied, but when good looks are in ques
tion what woman is going to stop to
count the dollars? Probably the little
lady of slender purse who faithfully de
votes the kitchen tea kettle to steaming
her face, makes her own cold cream
and takes care what food passes hei
lips can accomplish about the same re
sult as the beauties with unlimited
wealth.
VANITY FAIR.
New York women have risen in their
might and downed the fashionable and
expensive ladies' tailors. Recently the
employes of these big firms went on a
strike and paraded the Btreets. Several
society women who heard their pitiful
stories banded together, raised $50,000
and will have a factory of their own,
where all the strikers are to have em
ployment, besides an interest in the
business. The starters of the enter
prise promise to have all their tailor
gowns made there and the fashionable
tailors are aghast.
One of the present crazes of Paris is
the zebra, recently sent by Emperor
Menelik to President Faure and placed
by him in the zoo, which is thronged by
sight-seers, who enthuse over the ani
mal, which is an admirable one of its
species and the second to be imported
into Europe.
A curious social revolution has been
brought about in Paris. Before this the
drawing-rooms of the old French fam
ilies were hermetically sealed to for
eigners and social aspirants. Neither
money nor beauty nor position sufficed
to break the barriers set up by the
haughty grand dames of the Fauborg.
All this is changed. Women such as
the Duchess d'Uzes and Duchess de la
Rochefoucauld have decided to open
their salons to strangers on the pay
ment of a fixed pum, the money to go
to charity. Where it was once thought
an extraordinary honor to penetrate
into these drawing-rooms now that
for 75 cents any one can get in, as one
can gain admission to a theater, the
idea is frowned upon by the high bred
foreigners and it is noticed that the
wife of the American Embassador, Mrs.
Horace Porter, and other leading
American women in Paris have sedu
lously shunned the drawing rooms of
the duchesses since the practice went
into execution.
The nited States court has rendered
a decision declaring that the act of the
New York Legislature of 1895 to regu
late barbering on Sunday Is constitu
tional. The law makes barbering on
Sunday a misdemeanor, except In the
efty of New York and the village of
Saratoga Springs, where it Is lawful on
Sunday up to 1 o'clock In the after
noon.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
PH "M« smokw Sleal Loth Ckrlina allee samee Meiican man.'*
B Every progressive man — no matter
what his race or nationality — will, sooner
or later, find the best. This Chinaman
H has found out — what a million men of
§ as many minds have discovered before I
§■( him — that
ESeal of North Carolina 1
p is the best smoking tobacco in the world.
gj -["he OriginaJ Plug Cut—
II I Always the same—
B Miid and Cool. S
iBBBfIBBfIanBBBBBBBBBBfIBBBI
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MANCHESTER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, purSnant to the provisions of sections
610 and Sll of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner:
; ,_ • ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages % • 350 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,546.517
Cash ln company's office 406 7S»
Cash in banks 816,861 89
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ; 7,937 50
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 820
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion 236.506 18
Bills receivable, not matured, ' taken T'^V-
for flre and marine risks 73117
Due from • other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid... 3,170 90
Total assets $2,112.49013
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ........$ 72,229 48
Losses ln process of adjustment or
in suspense .' 73.130 32
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 67,870 85
Gross -premiums on flre risks, run-
ning one year or less, 11,052,897 14;
reinsurance 50 per cent..i 526,448 57
Gross premiums on flre risks run- ■ .
ning more than one year, $1,050,-
196 63; reinsurance pro rata 625,864 98
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc ..:.... 1.918 25
All other demands against the com-
pany :.. i 80,511 37
Total liabilities $1,317,975 82
INCOME.
Net cash actually : received for flre '
premiums .....;." $1,341,585 85
Received for interest on bonds and
.mortgages..... 12 00
Received for interest and dividends •. ■■
■ on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 69,594 50
Total income .......:... $1,411,192 35
' EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (in-
' eluding $112,428 13, losses of pre-
vious years) ...$ 62L452 S3
Paid or allowed for commission or -:.
brokerage ........................'..... 269,483 67
Paid for • salaries, fe«s, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 110,01135
Paid for - State, National and , local
taxes :.. 67,257 67
All other payments and expenditures 76,609 59
: Total expenditures ................$1,163,845 13
■ , •- ■ ' ■/-.■/. Fire. i
Losses incurred during the year .'...$ 698,949 46
, Risks and Premiums. jFlre Risks. Premiums.
Net «■■' amount 'of risks ]
written '. during the!
year $ 154,134,320 $1,786,946 56
Net amount of .risks
expired during the year 143,180,716 1,845,736 58
Net amount in force De- • ■
cember 31. 1897... ....... 155.644.763 2.103,093 77
OEO. W. ■WENSLEY. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2Sth
day of February, ■ISSS. - •
ROBT. L. WENSLET. Notary Public.
L.B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Departmsnt,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SXN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
DR.ISMJLTY:
rPHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKUAUT.TC OLT>
i- Speci»listcKr« .Nerve::*, cml Blood I>ls-
enses of Men only. Book on Private DtSMUW" nna ;
Weaknesses of Al en, free. Orer "0 y'r*' rxrwrlpnco. i
Patients cured at Home. Ternißrra_onnbli*. Hours..
to3dally;B:3otoB:.'Wev I gs. Sund»ys,lotol2. Cpnsul- .
taUon free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
26^ Kearny St.. San Francisco, Cal. ;
I DR.PIERCES I .
GOLDEN
.'• ".- MEDICA *"•_!. _._^
DISCOVERY
■■■■■." .•'s:?FORiTHE'.- i%;^: .
I BLOOP,IJVER.B-L)NGS;
, , m ' nia «J Is a non-roi*onoo« !
v *<*£^«BP remedy for Uonorrhwa,
Gleet.Spermatorrhcea.
#i^SFlnltoS4aT«/^2 Whiteß - unnatural «lia-
M&3m OciiuiKd ' ■ chargoA.'or any inflamma-
■■j| oo to •trtctnre. tiou, irritation or ulcera-
B™ 'aPrttenU con'-aflun. tion cf KIUCOHR mrrn- !
KvRmEvANSCHEMtnuCo. brane.. Non-Mtrlngent.
Sold by ©ruCTteta.
W^^. rr <5 1 %Sr or sent ln lain wrapper,
iwßSk. •°- A J#H b y express, prepaid, for
iWMBIm ifi fl.oo, or 3 bottles, t2.7i.
■* Circular mh* oa r^uaeJ,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
SX/VTEMEINT
-;—; — THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
.;..-■ OF — —
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, ON THH
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as niad« to tho
Insurance Commissioner of * the State , Cali-
fornia, • pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS. .
Cash market value of all stocks
and bonds owned by company $1,931,533 25
Cash ln company's office 1.97'j 53
1 Cash in banks 92.587 43
1 Interact due and accrued on all -
stocks and loans 23.734 13
' Premiums in due course of collec-
. tion 161,500
1 Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 404 05
1 Due from other companies for \ re-
Insurance on losses already paia... 638 8S
( Total assets $2,212,278 23
LIABILITIES.
i Losses adjusted and unpaid 102,565 34
Losses ln process of adjustment or
, in suspense .... '. 64,243 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 18,256 64
, j Gross premiums on flre risks run- : - V-*.-'
: * nlng one year or less, $1,005,051 15;
reinsurance 50 per cent 602,625 58
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $536,-
724 87; reinsurance pro rata .... 442,707 46
All other demands against the com-
. pany... 69.221
; Total liabilities $1,179,519-44
INCOME.
Net cash actually - received for flre
premiums $1,311,030 25
I Received I for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 71,502 53
Total Income ..........■...51,402,532 77
I EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $ 699,022 44
Paid or allowed for commission or- ■
1 brokerage 270.742 54
' Paid for salaries, fees and other
' charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 87,614 35
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ;...... 37.911
All other payments and expenditures. 70,009 48
Total expenditures $1,165.300 64
Fire.
. Losses Incurred during the year....s 707.058 9t
' Risks and Premiums. Flrepisks. j Premiums.
1 Net amount of rlsksi
i v W e £ ten dUrln * ... th . c $ 150.689.290 $1,688,873 4t
i 157,693,679 1.771.936 94
• N clm?eT"l'^^^-LJ!°L 1,901,776 0»
.. ■■ CHAS. H. POST, Manager.
N A McNEIL, Assistant Manager.
; Subscribed' and sworn to before me, this 2Sth
day of February, /j^ANCK. Notary Public. "
L.B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. -
rjim ABa " 0M Lir * VI ill 1 2%
teSJTiI/flfca wiß"* 3 *^
Ist Day. ihLS^. '\\t2W THE NEW U
Ist Day. feSß^b. ' 4(» IS ER CUfi SI
tartir 10th Day. «• - fife Sfm. Fl> llll lI ■ I
VITAMS 2Othßar - T /£Z. M DCUCIW
: PR(>n"«>:s ABOVK 30thD.y. IUCm !I ■
KKM I.TN. ltquickly*»urrlTrpmovesNprvouine»s,lmpotency,
Nightly EmiMions, Kvil Dreanu Wastin Di>easi>s and all effect*
. of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lest Vitality,
Povrer and Failing Memory. Wanli off Insanity and Consrimp.
tion. Cnres when all others fall. Insist on harinj VITALIfiL
; no other. Can be came.l ln the re»t pocket. By mail 4>1.00
£er p»ckaite or six for $&0O with a guarantee to Cnro o*
Itofiinrt tlie Money. ■ Clrcnlar Free. Address . : - '.
OAUTMEX CL'IJV . CO.. 884 ]>earborn St., CUcac*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. < and Oakland.
ff if "^ a &?*sw & j I lin a JBj
r' j^PATENTsf 3
MARKET ST, S.F.^SS^_
I Weak Men and Women
SHOULD , USE ' DAMIAN A '- BITTERS. THS
, ;. g.»eat Mexican *. remedy; give* health an 4
1 etrength to •exu«i organ*, P«pot. 323 MarktUBIG BILL LANGE
WAS TENDERED
AN OVATION
Applause Followed All
His Plays.
IRWIN FURNISHED GOOD BALL
THE SUGAR BEETS DID SOME
RANK PLAYING.
Collins' Raw Efforts Lost the Game
for the Visitors — However, the
Crowd Was Satisfied
With the Star.
By Joe Corbett.
\g, healthy-looking "Bill" Lange,
iwn familiarly to the baseball world
as "Little Eva" and sometimes as the
•idol of the soubrette," made his first
appearance since returning from a most
successful season with the Chicago club
and as accorded a most rousing and
rather sensational reception.
There is no more popular player with
the San Francisco public than Bill. His
f.dmirers are numerous and loyal, which
fact rus clearly demonstrated when he
stepped to the plate for the first time in
yesterday's game. The immense crowd
which came there purposely to see him
perform were quick In acknowledging
their appreciation and pleasure, and
tiapped and cheered until the stands
vibrated with the clatter. And not con
tent with this display, a huge floral piece
inlaid with the inscription "Little Eva"
was presented by some of his friends.
Every move the fellow made was ap
plauded greatly. . In fact, there were oc
casions when applause was plentiful and
no one was able to discover why it so
happened. For instance, a little popfly
was hit. Big Bill would catch it, and the
stands would almost crumble under the
agitation. Even Collins, who made such
a show of himself, could have captured
that fly without injuring his cheesecloth
reputation, but Bill caught it, and there
fore it must be a great catch.
At any rate, "Little Eva" did do a few
things that were worthy of the great, re
ception accorded him. His wonderful
base running, finishing up with the
cleverest of slides, opened the eyes of
most of the fans. Surely Bill gave us all
a treat in this respect, and we thank you.
Bill, for the pleasure. -
Next to Lange came Charles Irwin.
This gentleman was also given a grand
reception, and played a faultless game.
He hit the ball on which the game was
decided, and certainly that is doing
enough for one game.
The contest was won by the Oaklands
through a combination of the rankest
misplays ever seen at Recreation Park.
With the game right in their hands up to
the seventh inning, Irwin came to bat
with men on second and third. He hit an
easy grounder to Collins, who fumbled,
one run scoring. .He recovered the ball
and threw it to the plato, where Balsz
had planted himself in a sitting position
directly in front of the catcher. Neither
of them was able to intercept the ball
and it passed on to the grand stand, two
more runs crossing the plate as a conse
quence.
After this lead the Oaklands were never
headed, and one more game will go on
record as being thrown away through
Btupid work.
Up to this fatal seventh the game was
Fteady, interesting and well played. Mr.
Collins, however, should be hanged for
his poor work. The score was as follows:
"WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. FO. A. E.
Hartman, c 4 110 110
Francks. 2 b 4 0 0 0 3 4 1
W. Lange, 1 b 4 0 2 1 14 0 0
Hay^s. c. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
McCarthy. 3 b 4 0 10 2 8 6
Collins, s. s 2 0 0 0 0 2 2
Peters, r. 1 4 12 0 2 0 0
Baisz, p 4 0 2 0 0 4 0
Allbrlßht. 8. B. 1001101
Falmtag, 1. t 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 34 ~2 8 2 24 14 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan. 1. f S 110 2 10
Irwin. 2 b 3 110 2 8 0
Hardle, c. t 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
O'Nell. r. f 4 0 10 0 0 1
F. Lan*e, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 10
Fulllvan. c 2 1115 0 0
rchmeer, s. s 4 0 0 0 3 7 0
Bliss. 1 b ... 4 1 2 1 13 0 0
Moskfman. p 4 0 0 0 0 3 1
Totals 32 4 6 ■ 1 27 17 2
Xiiji -: RUNS BT INNINGS.
Watsonville 1 10 0 0 0 0 0 o—2
Base hlt3 1 2 2 2 0 0 0 1 0—
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 1 •—
. Base hits 1 0 0 110 12 •—
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— MosKlman 1, Balsz 2.
Three-base hit— McCarthy. Two-base hits— W.
Lange, Balsz. Base on errors— Watsonvllles 2.
C>aklands 4. Bases on Watsonvllles 0,
Qaklands 2. Left on — Watsonvllles 6.
Oaklands 6. Struck out— By Moskiman 4, by
Paltz 1. lilt by pitcher— lrwin. Sullivan.
Double — McCarthy to Francks. Passed
ball— Sullivan. Time of — One hour and
10 miuntes. Umpire— James McDonald. Official
scorer— W. Stapleton.
Stockton Won Easily.
STOCKTON, Nov. 13.— Stockton sue-
ceeded in shutting out the visitors from
San Francisco In a pitchers' game. Ham
Jberg was hit all over the lot, while Har
per held the visitors down to two hits.
The tabulation follows:
SAN FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith. 2 b 3 0 0 0 6 3 1
Krug. c. s 3 0 0 0 5 4 2
Murphy, 1 b..... 3 0 10 8 0 1
Brockoff. 3 b S 0 0 0 10 1
Hammond, c 8 0 0 0 6 10
Dunleavy. c. t 3 0 0 0 11 1
Croll, 1. f 2 0 0 0 10 0
Stroecker. r. t 8 0 0 0 0. 0 0
lb*rg. p 3 0 1 0 0 2 0
Totals ...M 0 2 0 27 11 6
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, I b 4.2 4 07 00
Knell, c. f 5 2 10 2 0 0
N. Smith, 2 b 5 0 10 6 2. 0
Pace, c 5 0 10 8 10
Mertes, s. s 6 110 2 10
Bllllr.frs, 3 b 4 0 10 0 2 0
Rice. c. f 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Harper, p... 4 0 2 0 0 10
Gaumltz, r. f 4 110 0 10
Totals ............40 6 13 0 27 8 0
RTJWO BY INWIXGS.
San Francisco 1 ...0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hlta ....0 0010000 I—2
Stockton 0 00020013—6
Base hi t« 1 113 10 11 4—13
' SUMMARY.
• Responsible for runs^ — Iberg 3. Two-base
hit— lberg. Thre«-bafle hits— Mertes, Selna,
Gaumitz. : Sacrifice hits — Krug, • Murphy.
Double play— Krug: : ' First b»se on errors—
Btockton 3. Left on bases — Stockton 7.. San
Franoiaco 3. Bases on balls— Harper 2.
Struck out— By Harper A, hy Ibergr 4. Hit by
pitcher— BMna. ■ Time of game One hour and 40
minutes. Umpire — Charles Chase.
Santa Cruz Won.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 13.— The hoodoo
which Josh Riley says ia against the
3anta Cruz team Is off, although at sever
al stages of the game between the Beach
jombers and the San Joses to-day it look
fa as if it was still with the home team,
rhe game was exciting, though at times
rugg»<\. j It was won by the Santa Cruz by
a score' of -.Jl^Jo.7. The Beachcombers
labored under trie disadvantage of a
shifting around of. players. Borchers i
alayed first, while Fitzgerald, the regular
first baseman, went Into the field.' : Dor.ian
pitched a great game till the eighth inn
.ng, when he retired, Borcherß taking his
place. Donian struck out twelve men.
Dnly- three hita r were secured off him.
Daubenbies caught for him. Thomas and
Kent formed the San Joso battery. Thorn
is Ktruck out five men and allowed fifteen
nits. Santa Cruz mado eight and San
Jo.se seven errors. In the .rst inning Ri
ley's hit brought in two men. After that
k was nip and tuck between the ■= teams,
ganta Cruz made five earned runs, while j
Ban Jose did not make one earned ; run.
Score: .• ■ " * ■ : -.--■■ ' • : <.^ .■ >•
Janta Cruz .'.lO 3 2 0 0 0 2—ll
3an Jcse .....3 00j)10300— 7,
KRAGNESS CUTS
TWO OF THE BIG
ROAD RECORDS
Fifty-Mile Mark Badly
Broken.
THE OLYMPIAN IS A WONDER
LIGHTNING PEDALING OVER
THE COURSE.
Straightaway and Standard Road
Scores Lowered to 2:13:29— 8 ay
City Wheelmen Have a
Road Race.
Ed O. Kragmess' attempt against the
American long-distance road records up
to fifty miles yesterday was more suc
cessful than even his most ardent ad
mirers had hoped for. The speedy Olym
pian went after the straightaway 50-mile
record of 2:15:00, held by L. C. Wahl of
Colorado Springs, and the standard
50-mile record of 2:22:39, held by A. W. "W.
Evans of New Brunswick. Both of these
marks Kragness succeeded in lowering
over the Fruitvale-Haywards 10-mi!e
course, which necessitated his making:
five turns, and his time for the fifty miles
stood at the finish 2 hours 13 minutes 29
seconds, a most remarkable preformance.
He rode the first twenty-live miles in
1:06:12 3-5, which also lowers . the Coast
record of 1:09 for that distance.
The secret of Kragness' success yester
day, aside from thefact that he was per
fectly trained for the work, lay in his
superb pacing, although at one time even
this failed and he had to ride eight miles
entirely unpaced. His pacemakers were
C. M. Smith and O. E. Bozio on singles,
Williams and Bean, Kroetz nr>A Kings
ley on tandems, and Loos, Hobson and
Hammersmith on a triplet. The triplet
broke down at the start, but was repaired
and did good service later on. When fif
teen miles out Kragness 1 wheel punc
tured, necessitating: a change to another
mount, and he changed subsequently
three times more,
A strong wind had to be combated in
one direction on the course, but the fine
condition of the road offset this feature.
He finished the ride in spiendid condition
considering the long distance covered and
the heartbreaking speed, even trying \Jo
outEpurt a cluster of single, tandem and
triplet pacing machines that accompanied
him across the wire. A large crowd was
present at the tape, and greeted the tim
ers' announcements of broken records
with hearty cheers for the rider.
The trial was conducted by the Olympic
Wheelmen under sanction from the Asso
ciated Cycling Clubs, and the records are
therefore official. Tht officials were W.
L. Loos, starter; J. R. Sampson, H. E.
Warren. E. Goeller. iudges; C. A. Haw
kins, C. N. Ravlin. E. S. Reader, H. D.
Clark, F. G. Montealegre, timers.
The Bay City Whetlmen held a five
mile handicap road race over the five
mile stretch from San Mateo to San Car
los yesterday forenoon. Charles Reuser.
a new rider, won first place, and Arthur
Davidson, another colt, took first time
from his speedy brother, Walter, by a
fifth of a second, in 12:101-5. Following
is the score:
j CONTESTANT.
Net
Riding time
:.;--:•■
1 Charles Reuser.
2 Arthur Davidson
3 Walter Davidson
4 D. G. Sylvester
E E. J. Bangs
6 George Howe
7 Charles Bowers
Fred Howe j
9iL. Livingston
10 W. Holton
11 ! Kd McNess
•'■ • :15
scratch
ecratch
:15
-.30
m :
1:00 :
:45 S
:30 !
1:00 |
:15 i
- 12:25
12:10 1-5
12:10 2-5
12:25 3-5
12:55
12:55 3-5
13.00
13:15
13:50
14:25
14:20
Prior to the race J. Mariano Salazar
covered the course unpaced in 13:02. Cap
tain Menne took down a big club run of
Bay Citys to witness the race.
E. E. Buckleton, formerly well known
In the trade here, is expected to return
to-morrow after an absence of two years
in Europe.
T. Alfred Griffith of the Bay City Club
left for Honolulu yesterday in the hope of
recovering his health, which has lately
been much impaired.
Charles S. Wells, the crack professional
racer, is in the city on a visit from his
Fleasanton ranch.
The first baseball game of the Cycle
Clubs League was played yesterday be
tween the Olympic Wheelmen and Cali
fornia Cycling Club, and was won by the
Olympics. Score, 4 to 1.
WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Nomination of Officers for the Police
Association for the Ensuing
Year.
The annual meeting of the members of
the Widows' and Orphans' Aid Associa
tion of the police department for the nom
ination of officers for the ensuing year
was held in Judge Joachimsen's court
room yesterday afternoon. The president.
Sergeant John Martin, called the meeting
to order.
The following nominations were made:
President, John Butterworth; vice presi-
I dent, C. Janes; recording secretary, O. C.
! Philips, incumbent; financial secretary. S.
H. nankin, Incumbent; treasurer, Ser
geant John Duncan, Incumbent; trusteees,
five to be elected at the next meeting, on
the second-Sunday in December, Corporal
R. Cockerill. R. Kerrison, O. B. Merrlok,
Detective Ed Wren Corporal Harry Cills,
Sergeant T. W. Bethel. Sergeant A.
Houghtaling (retired), J. L. Murphy, Rob-
I crt Graham, John Morgan, O. H Knight, |
John Cronin, John Fitzhenry, George
Lake, Sergeant A. A. Perrin and B. Rath- i
bon.
i mm. .
SHEEHY IN CHAEGE.
New Coach for the Santa Clara Col
lege Eleven.
SANTA. CLARA, Nov. i3._"'Gene"
Sheeny has again assumed control of the
Santa Clara College eleven. He arrived
here this morning and will keep a. con
stant watch on his team until they step
on the gridiron of Central Park. Bag
Francisco, next Saturday afternoon, to do
battle with the St. Mary's College eleven
Sheehy claims hi? team to be a band of
thoroughbreds and predicts that his colts
will open the eyes of the wise ones.
Sport in the Handball Court.
The usual Sunday's sport was indulged
in at Ryan's, handball court at 858 Howard
street yesterday afternoon. The games
were well contested as a whole, each team
trying hard to make a good record for the
close of the annual "tot up," which takes
place next month. On the scores made for
the past year the players will be credited
on the entries for the play of 1899.
Yesterday's scores were as follows:
p Ryan and J. Kearney defeated W. Has
sell' and B. Clements. Score: 21-11, 16—21,
2i 13
Q McDonald and-H. Racouillat defeated M
McNeil and P. Steiner. Score: 21-lg, 12— a,
" 1 Dr " W H. Sieberat and S. V. Costello de
feated D.J. Sheehan and \S'. H. Kedian. Score:
21— 19. '10— 2 V 21— 17.' T, ' '.\' f . *•• ••■•■■
M. Basch and P. Ryan defeated T. Leach and
T. Foley. Score: 21-15. 13-21, 21-19
J White and D. Regan defeated M. Maguire
and J. Dowllng. Score: 21-IG, 12—21. 21-14.
J Harlow and W. Dwane defeated R. Hous
ma'n and J. ; Nelson. Score: 21—17, 17—21.
21 7> l9 Rodirerß and P. McKinnon "defeated* L.
Corraine and F. Faio. . Score: 21— 9. I^-21.
21—8 : : - " ' ■'.'"■
V ' Hutch! naon and P. Kelly defeated M.
Dillon ar.d G. Hutchlnnon. Score! 21— la;
13 <>i OJ — .7 - - . '■• '■'■■-■ ' •
t" F. Bonnat and E. . Maloney vs. M. ■■ J. ; Kll
gal'.on and R. Linehan. Each side won two
tames arid ' on ', account '- of darkness = the final
game wm postponed till next Sunday. Score:
T. .F. Bonnet and -> E. Maloney: - 21—13, 21—18.
M. J. KHirallon and R. L-lnehan: 14—21, 17—21.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
FAVORITE DOGS
MET DEFEAT
AT INGLESIDE
Rathbone Won the Big
Stake Handily.
MAC'S MELODY WAS DRAWN
CLUB MEMBERS ARE PACKING
TRUNKS FOR MERCED.
Coursing Yesterday the Best in the
History of the Track — Maney
Played Freely on
Favorites.
Yesterday was a day never to be for
gotten in the history of Ingleside cours
ing. The average time of each course was
better than has ever been known at the
park before, and a barrel of money was
taken in and paid out at the betting ring.
If the average time occupied by eacn of
yesterday's courses was computed it
would approximate two minutes. Such
coursing as this opens sport seekers' eyes
and is putting the record of this pleasure
on the Pacific Coast against that of the
old country. The popularity of Ingleside
is rapidly increasing. This is manifested
more and more each week as the attend
ance broadens out and owners of good
dogs seek the park as a place at which
they get fair play and a run for their
money.
This morning the Ingleside Club will
pack away, bag and baggage, to Merced,
where it will see that its good reputation
is sustained. There will be a large crowd
at the ferry to see the boys oft and an
equally large crowd will greet them at the
other end. Yesterday Tommie Hall and
Mr. Baker wired Judge Grace that they
had selected grounds and hares that are
the best the land affords.
Mac's Melody suffered defeat yesterday.
She was in it for the final but had to be
withdrawn, us a series of disastrous en
counters had left her completely exhaust
ed, and it would have been folly to have
put her in the field again. She had her
rirst hard tussle with Moondyne and was
compelled to run an "undecided' over.
She then ran a bye with Victor King and
the latter dog. being fresh, kept the chase
up for four minutes. She had had three
regular courses' previous to this time, and
these last efforts finished her completely.
Rathbone, a dog which few picked as
the winner of the stake, carried off first
money. In the third round he defeated
Royal Buck while the betting was 2Vfe to
I against him. Immediately after this
course the dog sighted another hare and
ran for a couple of minutes before he
could be captured. It was thought that
this mad chase would spoil his chances
for the final, but the gritty little piece of
dog flesh laid out Hadiwlst in the next
round and was then awarded the final.
Glenrosa was withdrawn in the third
round to preserve her good condition for
the Merced meeting. Hadlwist and White
Diamond ran three courses before a de
cision could be made by the judge. Each
of the courses was exciting. In the four
minute chase between Hadiwist and Rock
Island Boy the latter scored "4 points
while the former was scoring 14. With
one exception this is the heayiest scoring
ever made at Ingleelde. About six short
ends produced for their players some
money. The highest winning odds were
played in the run between American Ea
gle'and Flying: Buck. They were 5 to 1.
The results were as follows:
All-age stake— White Earth Kennel's Lottie
M beat D Cronln's Swlnnerton: P. J. G. Ken
na's Royal Buck beat A. & B. Kennel's Victor
King; Russell & Wilson's Glenrosa beat F. Mor
rans Royal Prize: P. O'Donnell's Counterfeit
beat J. Farley's Mystic: Larkay & Rock's Lib
erty Bell beat D. Hooper's Bendalong; A. Mc-
Lau(?hlln's Coolrane beat T. Hugh's Irene H;
Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen beat C.
Strebl'a Star Pointer; J. Shea's Rathbone beat
H A. Deckelman's Old Glory; Bartels Broth
ers' Macs Melody beat H. R. Baldwin's For
get: H. R. Baldwin's Forgive beat F. C.
Kline's M. Llss; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal beat Pembroke Kennel's Terrona; Bartels
Brothers' Rest Assured beat E. J. Heney's
Harkaway II: J. Shea's Young America beat
M Allen's Miss Alice; Pembroke Kennel's Syl
vanus beat P. J. G: Kenna's Lawrence; J.
Dean's Moondyne II beat P. J. G. Kenna's Fear
Not; A. Van den Burgh's American Eagle beat
P J O. Kenna's Flying Buck; F. Moran's
Golden Russet beat White Earth Kennel's Sou
brette; A. Masseys Hadlwist beat Joe Perry's
Commodore Nash: Xally & Morley's White Dia
mond beat A. & B. Kennel's Rock Island Boy;
J. Dean's Brllllantine beat J. E. Doherty's
Wh.te Rocket. :
Second round— Royal Buck beat Lottie M:
Glenrosa beat Counterfeit; Liberty B,?ll beat
Coolrane; Rathbone beat Victor Queen: Macs
Melody beat Forgive; Rest Assured beat Prince
H*i; Young America beat Sylvanus: Moondyne
II beat American Eagle; Hadiwisi beat Golden
Russet; White Diamond beat Brllliantlne.
Third round— Royal Buck ran a bye; Rath
bone beat Liberty Bell; Macs Melody beat
Young America; Moondyne II beat Rest As
sured' Hadlwtst beat White Diamond.
Fourth round— Rathbone beat Royal Buck;
Macs Melody beat Moondyne II; Hadlwist ran
Fifth round— Rathbone beat Hadlwist; Macs
Melody ran a bye.
Final. Rathbone vs. Macs Melody— Macs Mel
ody withdrawn.
WILD TRALEE WON.
The Fleet Hound Captured the Open
Stake at Union Park Yesterday.
"Wild Tralee won the open stake at the
Union Coursing Park yesterday, defeating
Royal Flush •in the finals In handy
fashion.
Hurricane, the Imported New Zealand
hound, gave a good performance allday
until the fourth round, when he was de
feated by Thornhill, but as Hurricane was
not in fine form, there is no doubt that he
■will give a better account of himself next
The betting public, broke about even on
the day, as the courses were evenly split
ui> a favorite and then a short-ender al
ternating in-getting the flag. Maid of
Bail captured the "puppy stake ' and the
"consolation" was won by Eclipse, a
ahort-ender, who warmed the hearts of
the pikers by his speed and cleverness.
The results were follows:  f . , > r ,
Open stake, second round— F. McCarthy's
Rocebud beat Belmont kennels' Interesting ; T. I
J Cronirf 8 Thornhill .beat F. Moran's Van
Kirk- E & E. kennels' Hurricane beat E. &
U Scott's Lord Byron; F. McComb's Flush
beat -:M.- Nealon's< Maid: of Erin; A. Johnson's
Tod ' Sloan beat J. Monk house s Breach of
Promise; M. Nealon'B Van Clole beat E. : & E.
kennels' Vigllajit: ; T.. Butler's ,Susle beat M
Vf-alon's Van Knapp: F. McComb ■ Koyal
Flush beat T. J, Harrington's. Feaceful Glen;
T J Cronin's.W.nd.>Traleebeat Curtis & Son's
Blackette; EclUise kennels' Diana beat Yo
sf-mite kennels'* Bonnre; Curtis & S<Jn s Mc-
Klnley beat ,S. E. Portal's Lightning; G. Shar
mans Faultless Beauty , beat J. Seffgeason's
G Third round— ThornhUl beat Rosebud Hurrl
cane beat Flush; Van Clole beat Tod Sloan;
Royal Flush beat Busl£ Wild Tralee v beat
Diana; McKinley beat Faultless Beauty.
Fourth Thornhill beat Hurricane-
Royal Flush beat Van Clole; Wild Tralee beat
M Flfth le round-Royal« Flush beat Thornhill;
Wild Tralee ran ■ bye. _ _
Final-Wild Tralee beat Royal Flush. -
Puddy stake, second round— Pembroke ken
nels' Petronlua beat J. ScKger»on-s Candelarla;
T J Cronln's Mald.of Ball beat Pasha kpn
nels'' Rollicking Airs; F. McComb s Little
Joker beat W. J. Jones' Belmont Boy.
Third round— Maid of Ball beat Petronlus;,
Little- Joker ran a bye. -i; ■■."-■■ T V
Final— Maid of Rail beat Little Joker.
Consolation Pta»:e— Belmont kennels' Moun
tain Lassie beat 8. W. Smith's Crusader; Al
Austin's Trinket beat Eclipse kennels' Innls
fallen; Eclipse kennels' Eclipse beat T. J.
Cronln's Iron Duke; Eclipse kennels' Cross
patch beat A. Johnson's Llssak. _
Second round— Eclipse beat Mountain Beauty;
Trinket beat Crosspatch.
Final— Eclipse beat Trinket. ;, -
Stockton Coursing.
STOCKTON, Nov. 13.— A big crowd wit
nessed the programme of the Stockton.
Coursing Club to-day. The final run, be
tween Alameda and Magnesia, was a fine
exhibition. The run was as follows:
K.rst round— El Diablo beat Maiden; Sure
Shot beat Country Boy: Mystic F beat Billy
H; Salvator bent Umatilla; Rosa B beat Maud
S: Calnux beat Here We Are; Magnesia beat
Sprig: Arno beat Roger 8; 80 Are We beat
Gladiola; Alameda beat GUI; Dr. Stewart beat
Ruby: Domino beat Searchlight.
Second round— El Diablo beat Sure Shot; Sal
vator beat Mystic; Rosa B beat Calnux; Mag
nesia beat Arno; Alameda beat So Are We;
Domino beat Dr. Stewart.
Third round— Salvator beat El Diablo; Ala
meda b«at Rosa B: MRgnesla beat Domino.
Fourth round— Magnesia bent Salvator; Ala
meda ran a bye.
Final— Magnesia beat A'.ameda.
Queen Keep Won at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13.— There were
over 4000 people at the coursing at Agri
cultural Park to-day, many being brought
out by the Seventh Regiment, which is en
camped at the park. The sport was ex
cellent throughout. Queen Keep won first
money. Rosewood second, Fleetwood
third, the balance divided.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Biggest Crowd of the Season Enjoys
a Day's Outing.
Thousands of pleasure-seekers visited
the part and Cliff yesterday afternoon.
The bridle road, which was completed
last week, was patronized by scores of
equestrians, and the number of "turn
outs" that gathered in front of the music
! stand, according to Captain Thompson,
i was the largest in months. The weather
was ideal, the music unusually select and
the crowd appreciative. No accidents or.
'■ incidents worthy of mention occurred,
i and in consequence the police and hos
! pital surgeons enjoyed a rest.
The beach was lined with humanity as
i far as the eye could reach from the Cliff
House. Many of the people who sought
the ocean for recreation splashed in the
surf and raced around the warm sand.
The children were in their element and
spent an enjoyable day. The Chutes was
also well patronized. The three "missing
links," Sadie, Congo and Joe, a polar
bear of sour temper and a long-maned
horse are among the new attractions at
the Zoo, and they were not overlooked by
! the visitors.
Those who enjoy aquatic sports as
; sembled by the hundreds at Sutro's
! Baths. The contests were both exciting
' and interesting as usual. Following are
I the results:
sft-yard dash— R. Dodg«, first; B. Berry,
second. 100-yard dash— E. Bonnlfleld, first; A.
Hay, second. Tub race, two In a tub— E.
Kipp and H. Anderson, first; H. Hlller and
B. Berry, second. Trick and fancy diving—
G. Freeth, first; E. Bonnifleld, second. BpeclaJ
75-yard race— O. la Coste, first ; S. Duran,
second. Trapez» and high diving— R. B. Cor
nell, first; F. Green, second.
FOR SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH.
Professor Agassiz, Who Heads a
South Sea Island Expedition,
Is Here.
G. R. Agasslz, the younger son of the il
lustrious naturalist, and a scientist of
great note himself, arrived yesterday from
Boston and is at present stopping at the
California.
In a few days Mr. Agasslz, who is a
professor at Harvard, will leave for the
South Sea Islands, where he will make a
complete study of the fauna and flora of
that region, assisted by an able corps of
young soientists. The Harvard Univer
sity is the sponsor for the expedition,
which will be of very great Importance to
the scientific world. Everything in the
way of equipment and supplies has been
furnished the party and it will be some
months before their return.
THE WORST IS FEARED.
Charles Caillods, Who Was Stabbed
by John Mahoney, in a Critical
Condition.
Charles Caillods, the French dish
washer, who was murderously assaulted
in the Salvation Army Shelter. I*6 New
Montgomery street, Saturday night, made
hte ante-mortem statement to the police
yesterday morning at the Receiving Hos
pital. His assailant, John Mahoney, a
laborer, was taken before him and iden
tified as the man who used the knife upon
him.
Caillods is in a critical condition and the
doctors are afraid that peritonitis will set
in with fatal results. lie was removed to
the City and County Hospital yesterday
afternoon.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elfin 0., Thor 0., Oxen O. and Moodle O.
! Heydenfeldt to Sunshine O. Heydenfeldt. undi
vided 1-10 interest in lot on Is' line of Post
street, 110 W of Larkln, W 67:6 by N 120; gift.
Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt to same and Elfin
I O. Heydenfeidt. lot on NW corner of Geary
j and Webster streets, N 115 by W 25:9; also lot
on N line of Pacific street, 101:6 W of Dupont,
W 36 by N 137:6. E 58, S 72. XV 20, S 85:6; also
undivided 1-3 lot on SE corner of Beach and
Stockton streets, S 275 by E 137 :«; gift.
Johanna McGinn to Grace A. McGinn, re
j record 17?2 d 312, lot on NW corner of Ellis
! and Pierce streets, W 55, N 100, E 50, S 100;
; also lot on S line of Sadowa street, 200 E of
j Capitol, E 175 by S 125, lot 2, block D, Rail
road Homestead Association; gift.
John B Russell (by E. B. Pond and H. C.
j Campbell, trustees) to M. A. Dorn, 1685 d 259.
I lot on 8 line of Oak street. 100 W of Baker,
W 33 by S 137:6. trustees' deed, $1850.
George E. Fairchlld to Robert C. and Louise
Thorpe, lot on N line of Twenty-ninth street,
254:4 W of Church, W 26 by N 114, quitclaim
deed; $1.
William C. Winter to Edwin Lawrepce, lot
on SE corner of Twelfth avenue and N street,
E 120 by S 100; $10.
Catherine or Katherine Dorris to Thomas P.
Dorris. undivided ft lot 8, block 25, Lakeview;
gift.
Thomas P. Dorris to Catherine or Katherine
I Dorris. undivided % lot S, block 25, Lakeview;
I gift.
Ellen and Nicholas C. Weinholz to Frederick
I A. Kuhle, lot on NE corner of Plymouth and
, Mission streets (as widened). N 50 by E 83:6;
: lots 16 and 17, block 1, Holly Park; $10.
Annie D. Me Lea to Bella and Mary McLea
' and Annie Eaton (wife of William R.), lot on N
line of Haight street, 110 E of Laguna, E 27:6
by N 120, reserving life estate; gift.
Same to Bella and Mary McLea, lot on W
line of Webster street, 100 N of Oak, N 50 by
W 100; gift.
John D. and Sarah Fry to Jessie I. Boyce
(wife of William T.), lot on N line of Vallejo
street. 95 W nf Webster, W 30 by N 137:6; $10.
Johanna McGinn to Grace A. McGinn (daugh-
I ter), lot on NW corner of Pierce and Ellis
etreets, W 55. N 100, E 56, S 100; gift.
Thomas Joseph Lynngreen to Herman Mur
phy, lot on SW line of Norfolk street, 180:6 SE
of Folsom. SE 22:6 by SW 63; $10.
Same to same, all interest in estate of Jo
i hanna Lynngreen, No. 20,343: also interest in lot
I on SW line of Norfolk street. 180:6 SE of Fol-
I som. SE by SW 63, assignment; |10.
Frank and Madge Oakley to Samuel K. Long,
lot on N line of Twenty-second street. 106 E
of Castro, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Annie D. McLea to Bella and Mary McLea.
lot on S line of Folsom street, 70 NE of Third.
NE 67:6, SE 53:6, SW 37:6, NW 22. SW 30. NW
22. SW 30. NW 71:6; also lot on SE line of
; Mission street, 225 NE of Fourth, NE 50 by SE
I 100; also lot on SW corner of Bush and Dupont
streets, W 28 by S 22; gift.
Mary Bryars to Annie Smith, lot on SE line
■ of Louisa street. 282:6 NE of Fourth, NE 20 by
I SE 60; gift.
I Thomas H. B. and E. V. Hull and Douglas
! Grant (by T. Magee, referee) to Douglas
i Grant, lot on E corner of Market and Seventh
streets, SE 165 by NE 50; $87,500.
Same to E. V. Hull, lot on SE line of Mar
! ket street, 50:03% NE of Seventh. NE 60:0%
; by SE 165; — .
Same to Thomas H. B. Hull, lot on SE line
: of Market street, 100:0\i NE of Seventh, NE
! 60:0% by SE 165; $1000.
Romietta J. Wallace to William T. Wallace,
! lot on NE corner of C Street and Ninth avenue,
N 335:2, SE to point on W line of Eighth ave
nue, 329:5 N of C street. S 14:5. W 120. S 30,
E 120, S 285, W 240; also lot on NW corner of
Seventh avenue and C street, W 120 by N 95;
William T. Wallace to Frederick V. and
Gristle Nielsen, lot on E line of Ninth avenue,
300 N of C street, E 120, aj parallel with Ninth
avenue to point on N line of Chamberiin
Ranch, 120 E from E line Ninth avenue; thenre
S 88 degrees 5 minutes, W to point on E line
of Ninth avenue, 335:2 N from NE corner of
C street and Ninth avenue; thence S 05:2, to
beginning; $10.
George H. Ashton to Elizabeth W. Wolfe,
lot on S line of L street, 57:6 E of Forty-sixth
avenue, E n by S 100; $10.
Andrew and Emma Dahlberg to John John
eon, lot on S line of Joost nvenue, known as
lot SO, block 4:>, Sunnyside; $10. *
George E. Daniels to Roy A Daniels, lot 31
block X, Rark Lane Tract No. 3; $10.
A. Lachman to Emanuel Lewis, lot on E
corner of Mission and Brazil avenue, SE IW:6.
NE 200, NW 100. SW 125: NW 83:6, SW 75,
block 2, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Carl and Amelia Griese to Robert V. Cun
ningham, lot on E line of Stanyan street, 171:9
8 of Seventeenth, 8 25, E 157:2. N 4 degTees 50
minutes, W 25:0 H. W 158:3^. lot 9, block 4, sub
division 1, Clarendon Heights: $2200.
George W. H. and Louisa R. Ashton to A.
H. Doig, lot on S line of Hope (Rutledge)
street. 50 E of Brewßter, E 25 by 8 70. lot 1729,
Gift Map 3: $10.
Alameda County.
.Tohn W. Griffin to Ellen A. Griffin, lot on W
line of Adeline stnset. SOO N of Twenty-first,
If 50 by W 120, Oajcland^ gift.
Knud Baago to Thora E. Baago, lot 2, block
B, Sunnyslope Tract, Oakland; gift.
George H. and Annette P. Barrett to Doro
thea Simmonds, lot on W line of Broadway, 75
8 of Third street, 8 50 by W 75, block 19, Oak
land; $10.
Julia and C. F. Weld to William Corbln, lot
86, map of subdivided Lake Merritt Park, East
Oakland; 110.
Lucy Johndrow to Marian Breßette. lote 12
and 13. block A, also lot* 12 to 15, block J,
Broadway Terraoe, Oakland Annex; $10.
Marian Brepette to Frank Clarke. <?ame, Oak
land Annex; MOO.
Meliscent K. Blake to Mary J. Robinson
(wife of Thomas M.), lots 41. 42 and 48, block
142*. Blake Tract, Maps 1 and 2. Berkeley; gift
Elizabeth C. and J. M. Selfrldge to Mary M
Forget, Grace E. Dyer and A. J., C. M. and
G. L. Selfridee. lot 25, block B. Teachers 1
Tract, Berkeley; also lot 5, Pacific Theological
Seminary Tract. Oakland: also lot on N Una of
Fourteenth street, 60 W of Brush. W 100 by fc
125, Oakland; gift.
Joseph and Elizabeth Lancaster to D. U.
Stunage, lot on N line of Encinal avenue. 200
W of Chestnut street. W 50 by N 140. except
10 feet taken for widening Encinal avenue,
Alameda; $10.
Melissa S. Carle to William McGlinchey, lot
on W line of Center street, 29 N of West Thir
teenth N 25 by W 100, betng lot 7, block SSO, A.
Peralta and Center-street Lands. Oakland; $10.
J Greenwood and L. Dresco (by commis
ioner) to Oakland Bank of Savings, lot on SE
comer of Alden or Twenty-ninth street and
San Pnblo avenue. E 100:8. S 70. W 2:11%. N
22 -7 W 75 N 52:6 to beginning, block A,
Whltcher and Brockhurst tracts, Oakland;
$fisoo.
William A. Brown to Abbott L. Whitney,
lot on P line of Mono avenue, 270 W of Shat
tmk avenue, W 230. S 106.47. E 29. N 136.8 to
beginning, be'.r.cr lots B to 10, D. Braumagln
Tract. Oakland Annex: *10.
George R. Sinter to Jane E. Slater, lot on N
line of Garrison street, 125 E of San Pablo
avenue, E 60 by N 12\ being lot 34, block C,
Carrlson Tract, Berkeley; JlO. ■ . . „
San FranciECo Savines Union to John H.
Paulsen, lot on E line of West street, 200 S
of Gilman. S 80 by E 135. block 17. property
Berkeley Villa Association. Berkeley; 9V78.
Central Pacific Railroad Company (a corpo
ration) to Robert J. Bnrth, lot IS. block O.
Hunttngton Tract, Brooklyn Towjishlp; $10.
WEATHER REPORT.
moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 13, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Post 24 This La»t
Stations— Hour*. Seuson. Season.
Eureka 0 4.26 6.50
Red Bluff 0 1.11 2.79
Sacramento 0 0.81 2.14
San Francisco 0 1.92 2.07
Fresno 0 1.14 123
San Luis Obispo 0 0.53 0.80
Los Angeles 0 0.11 2.47
San Diego 0 0.07 1.07
Yuma 0 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, 60; mean, 69.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is partly cloudy In Central Cali
fornia and Eastern Washington; elsewhere on
the Pacific Slope fair weather prevails.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the
coast during the day.
The temperature haa remained practically
stationary in all districts.
A wind of 26 miles per hour from the north
Is reported from Yuma.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 14, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
partly cloudy on northwest coast; light vari
able winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Vtah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
light variable winds.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Clear; wind
northwest, 20 miles; temperature, .A; maxi
mum temperature, 61. Q. H. WILLSOX.
Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). V. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14.
Sun rises I*l
Sun 3ets 4:38
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
II
I 0:
2:i
1:1
3:\
4:<
4.1
4.4
I 4:21
5:1
6:0-
7:0'
»:t
9:3!
5:45
6:35
7:25
8:1$
9:14
10:10
— 0.7
—1.1
—1.0
—0.9
-0.5
0.0
I.
3:
5.3
4.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the lad or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tho
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the d«?th given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Mackinaw
Alliance
Fulton
Signal
Empire ;
C. Nelson I
Orizaba
Leelanaw !
Mackinaw Tacoma |Nov. 14
Alliance Oregon Ports jNov. 14
Fulton Portland iNov. 14
Signal Willapa Harbor IXov. 14
Empire ( Coos Bay |Nov. 14
C. Nelson (Tacoma Nov. 16
Orizaba Newport Nov. 16
Leelanaw (Seattle Nov. 15
South Portland. 'Portland Nov. 15
State California Portland jNov. 16
lloana Sydney | Nov. 18
Mlneola ITacoma Nov. 16
Chilkat iHumboldt Nov. 16
Homer iCoos Bay Nov. 18
Xli Thompson.. (Seattle Nov. 17
Santa Rosa !Sa» Diego Nov. 17
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 17
North Fork ,Humboldt jNov. 17
Shantung iChlna and Japan :Nov. 17
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound' Nov. 18
Geo. W. Elder.. iPortland 'Nov. 19
Coos Bay [Newport ..[Nov. 19
City of Sydney.! Panama Nov. 19
Corona !Pan Diepro Nov. 21
Columbia IPortlanrt iNov. 22
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Aust;
Steamer. Destination, sans. trier.
Cleveland .. Pusret Sound.. Nov. 14, 9 am Pier 2
Azt<-c Chlna&Japan Nov. 15. 1 pmjPMSS
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 15. 10 am; Pier 24
Corona San Diego Nov. 15, 11 amPler 11
Pomona .... Humboldt .... Nov. 15. 2 pmjPier 9
Australia ..Honolulu Nov. 16. 2 pmiPier 7
Alliance ...iOregon Ports. Nov. 16, 10 amiPler 20
Orizaba ..[Newport Nov. 17. 9 am'jPler 11
UtniUilla ..I Vic & P&t Sd. Nov. 17, 10 am Pier 9
rhilkat ....fHumboldt .... Nov. 17. 2 pm] Pier 13
State of Call Portland Nov. 18, 10 am! Pier 24
Curncao ...iMexico: Ntfv. 18, 10 amjPier 11
Colon IPanama., Nbv. 18. 12 mTMSS
IJplrlc . ..'China &.Tapan Nov. 19. 1 pmiPMSS
Banta Ros R iSan Diego Nov. 19, n am Plor 11
Arcnta Coos Bay I Nov. 19. 12 mlPier 13
Sigcal Grays Harbor .Nov. 20 i
C. Nelson.. iPuROt Sound.. Nov. 20 '<
3 W E!d«>r Portland Nov. 21. 10 am Pier 24
SHIPPING INTKLLIOKNTE.
. ARRIVEP.
l * r i ..Sunday, November 13.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, S2 hours from D
eparture Bay. ' •" ■'"'■_ . • •■"•,"•'
Rtmr Coqullle River, Johnson. 17 honrs from
°tmr cieone, Miller. .24 hours from'Usal.
Stinr Columbia, Green, 53»-4 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41'^ hours. --.'.».■_
Stmr Corona, Debney, 59% hours from San
DleRO and way -"ports. ■'- ,*■'■ '*■' fl 1 , ■■
Strar Pomona, ; Shea, 13 hours. from Eureka.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. 33 hours from Cres-
° e stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 hours from
Stmr* Uiriatllla, Cousins, 60 hours from Vic
toria, and Puget Sound.
Nor Ktmr Titanla. Egenes, 82 hours from Na
nalnio. Up river direct.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, 35 hours from
ScSu^Gotaha. Dedrick. 4 days from Coos Bay.
: Bchr Ocean Spray, : Nyman, 50 . hours i from
Iversens Landing. Bailet5 V .
Sunday, • November 13.
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow, San Pedro. •
Bark Albert. Griffiths. Honolulu.
Schr Helen N Kimball, Guttormsen.
TELEGRAPHIC. ;.;
POINT LOBOS— Nov. 13, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 18 miles.
: DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT '"•■- TOWNSEND— SaiIed ■. Nov 13— Bktn
KUkltat, for Honolulu : ■•■ ■■■. ,■
ECREKA— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr North Fork,
hence Nov 12: stmr All lance., from Coos Bay. - :
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 13— Schr Sacramento,
for San Francisco. • ' ! J,' i< tl.'- K ":\
lved Nov 13-Stmr Homer, hence Nov U.
"■ MKNDOCINO— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Point
Arfna. hence Nov 12. " '■' - : ' : " ' _ ■
SAN rEDRO— Nov 10— Schr Peerless,
from Tr.comß. '■! ' ■■•• 29fffiMNHMMiMt6feOTKBS3»
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. .
: NEW YORK— Arrived Nov : 18— Str. La Cham
pagne,; from Havre; etrar. Britannic,; from .Car
diff; etmr Staiendam, from Rotterdam. .;, . j ;,
- HAVRE— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr La Touraln* ■
from Nsw y»k. 'V-::'." I'-"^1 '- "^ ;•-•;• *v '
QUEENSTOWN— BaiIed ' Nor U— Stmr Luca
nla, from Liverpool for New Work-
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
November, 1898.
'.-»
3
MoOa> Phaww.
<*c\La«i ■ Quarter.
vi November - : 0 m
1
.21
is
•n
j£i. New Moon..
: v*/ NoTember 15.
-^Plrßt Quartor,
grNovembar 2).
t/^. Full Moor.
jVA/Noveinbor >T.
17
—
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
■ w Steamer* ieav<» Broadway
l^>te^_ *-harf. Sa.i Francisco:
i F^fS^SV ' For Alaskan ports, 10 ».. tn..
i KsR9m^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17, 22, 27, Dec. I.
il HL«K§V£4 transfer at Seattle. v
* HsJSfi »1 F» r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
J EMC2k9HBU C ) Port Townsend, Seattle,
lr^^BlßK\ Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
1 , a nd New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
'** *" * -"'^^a m., ■ Nov. 't. 7. 12, 17, 22. 17.
Dec 2, and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company i « 'Steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry^ at Tacoma to N. P.
R Frr a Kureka°"irumboldt Bay).' 2 p. m -.Nov.
5, 10. 15. 20. 25. 3C, Dec. 5. and every fifth day
i th Fo°r af sfnnta Cru«, Monterey, San Simeon.
CaVucos Port Harford (San I.uls Obispo).
Gavkfta.* Santa Barbara Ventura, Huenew,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los An? es) and
NewDort. 0 a. m., Nov. 1, 5. 9. IS, ,17. 21. 25. 23,
Sec S and every fourth day thereafter
For San Dte«o. stopping only Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo <Lcs Anceles). 11 _a.
m. , Nov. 3. 7. If K». a, 17. De«. V •*«
every fourth day thereafter. . " • ,
For Knsenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jos© del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayrnas (Mex.). 10 a, m.. ISth of every
• For further Information obtain folder. . j
The ■ company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and linnn nf j»nllinir. B
WOKBT O»FIOE-t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' ; ■ ' ; J - : •
GOOD ALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agta..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R.r& N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
O IR, T iffiflß 2STD
From Spear-street Wharf «t 10 a.m. ; v. ,
Cfi DC $12 First Class Including Berths
Inlit. $8 Second Clas« end Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3, 12. 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6, 15, 24, Dec. 1.
State of California sails Nov. 9. 18. 27. Dec. (.
Ehort line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena •■ and all points In the Northwest.
Tnrough tickets to all points East.
S. C. WARD, General Ageat.
630 Market «tre«t
GOOD PERKINS & CO..
•> :■ Superintendent*.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique,
r = • iFrench Line) .
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS frjrtf
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <Qj£g3H>
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, North ««**=&
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov. 13
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 28
LA TOURAINE Dec. 3
I LA.GASCOGNE ;.....Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE ..' : Dec. 17
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre.: $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. . New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. .^., >-■-_.
fXWnIRSP S. S. AUSTRALIA
23bJBWH Eails or ' Honuiuiu
r jj""""w Wednesday, November
OtS^UT^ 16, at 2 p. m, MOANA
G«<Znl\^\ Tne 8 - a - MOANA
>JpJifTlSn D.- 1 * a!ls via Honolulu and
CylMliUllll' ' Auckland for Sydney
lOinnfll/fcr* Wednesaay > November
V^IIIJJYIM 30, at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and. CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents,
' 11* Montgomery »t. .
Freight office— Market st.. San Francisco.
BAT AI4D B.IVJE.K STEAJLEB&
and vallejo.
.; Steamer "Monticello." ■'■;'■
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and 5at.....
9 4". a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays.. 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
■■-Landlngr and offices— Mission-Dock. Pl«r 4.
■-. -•;■' -. v TeleDhone Main 1508. ...
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
Dally at 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at 1:30
p. m. Steamer Alvlso, Clay-street wharf. Fare
to San Jose, 35c; round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay, excursions. Telephone Main 1350...
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C>2s KGABXY NT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
rnrrtcuaranlrrd. Callorwrit&
J>r. J. X*. UIBBOA, Box 1957. San Francisca
BAILBOAD TBAVBL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
I_j2£ISSHiH3
Wfl FBAHCISGO AND NORTH PACiFlti
RAILWAY COMPANY. '
ttbaffWß V«rnr. Pml •! Markat Sfc
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.'
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
.at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips' at l:5t)
and 11:30 p. m. ..
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . ' -
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20,11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m. ... .
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40.
. 6:00, 6:25 p. m. , . . . ...
: Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. - . ■"
Leave ' r>'.- p - . ■■". ! Arrive ■
San Francisco. • In Effect San Francisco.
October 16,
Week Sun- IS9S. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
I .[ ____^
7:3oami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am'
6:10 pm u:oopm[ Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
■ Lytton,
Geyservllle, ;
S:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. T:3spm 6:22pm
Hopland and • .
7:3oam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:36pm 6:22pm
I 7:30 am . : • . 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm ' :v j 8:22 pm
7:30 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami S:4oam
■ ■ , and - . - .•'-■■
s:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:3opm s:oopm , .. { 7:3s pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlntrs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
; Bervllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
i the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
i Highland: -Springs,, Kelseyviile, Carlsbad
' Springs,'- Soda , Bay, I Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs-.'at'.Uklah for'Vlchy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake?, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
l Springs.' Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
| John Day's, . Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell'a,
Snnhedrin Heights,. Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr'3
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort' Bragg,
Westport. ■■•• Usal, Wlllltts,. Laytonvillfi. Cum-
rning's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, :
Scotia • and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. - , - ■ . . ■ . '
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond Sah Rafael at half rates. ■,-';;»•
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X.RYAN.
j General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
■■ .* ' ■•■• Via Sausalito Ferry ' <■ •
FROM SAN FKA.M . 1.-i TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. '}:'•
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. 11:00 a, m. : n:45,
I 3:45, 0:15, •6:00,-6:30 p. m.  ■ ,
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
I Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^OO, *10:00. »ll:30 a. m. ; »1:15
I 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. - - . : . ■
i Trains marked • run to San Quentln. .-.■■:-.■
I FROM SAN RAFAEL TO : SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »6:33, 7:45, *9:30 a. m.:
I •12:20. ' 2:20, • *3:45, 5:05 p. m. : ' ••
j EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays,- Wednesdays
I and Saturdays. at 6:40 p. m. ■ •• - :
.- SUN DAYS— i. »S:00. *10:00, < *11:55 a. m •
•l:15. = ♦3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. ra. -. :
Trains marked • start from San Quentin. "
1 FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WKEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40-, a. m :
12:85, 5:45 3:50, 5:20 p. m. . . • :■..-
EXTRA TRIPS on % Mondays. Wednesdays
■ and Saturdays nt 7:00 p.. m.-. • • >--•>
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. : 12:05, 1:20. 3:20
i 6:00, 6:20 p. m. .-;..- :
, . . THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and. way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m . Saturdays— Mills -and-: way
'••-■-..., 'i Stations.':, ..'■■.:■■. .•■"-■■ ■■•■'■ ;• : . - ■■:■.-
j 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'i.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
OF
THOROUGHBRED HORSES
' Consisting of '. " r ■
DARE and DEL NORTE
1 And Yearlings by - ■:
MORELLO, IMP. CLIEVEDEX. TRENTOLA.
From such famous mares as MARIGOLD.
GLEN ELLEN, - REBECCA. CATALINA,
MYSTERY, MISTAKE. CENTELLA, AMAN-
DA, MISS LOU. LADY CLARE, etc. ; --..
Property of
JAS. B. CHAS£ Esq.,
■ .. Sonoma Stock Farm. •
Tuesday Eveirg, November 15, '■
■ Commencing at 8 o'clock.
At the Occidental Horse Exchange,
721 Howard st., between Third and Fourth, San
. .. ■- Francisco. . . "
Horses at palesyard. Catalogues ready. ' '
WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Troprietor.
ED. R. LOWRY of Louisville, Auctioneer.
GRAND AUCTION!
ROYAL UPHOLSTERY; BEAUTIFUL BRIC-
A-BRAC; RICH LIBRARY. CHAMBER and
DINING ROOM FURNITURE; MAGNIFI-
CENT UPRIGHT PIANO; WORKS OF ART,
ETC.
TO-MORROW (TUESDAY) at 11 a. m.
934 HAIGHT ST... NEAR BRODERICK.
Full particulars In Chronicle. ' »
FRANK ' W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE!
• On TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, at 11 o'clock,
on account -of Mr." M. F. Boyce retiring from
business, we will sell the entire contents of hi*
livery stable. No. 3S Twelfth St., between Mar-
ket and ' "Mission. San . Francisco. 15 head of
choice horses suitable for all purposes, 2 sur-
reys, 8 open and top buggies, 3 delivery and
1 express wagon, ; carts, . harness, blankets,
robes whips, , office furniture, etc S. WAT-
KINS & CO., Auctioneers. 1 ■ . •
N B — The above stock Is In fine • condition
and'wlll positively be sold to the highest bidder.
BAILBOAD TBAVZL.
iMM'TIIKRX rAfiriC COMPAHT,
;i'.;;..; v ; . . (PACIFIC SVMTKM.i
Triiin. Icbtc nml »r« Uci« to i*i rIT« m%
NAN ritANCINCO. .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
:e* vk — . Fao* Not. 3, 1898. — ARSITI
•6:OOa Nile* Sao Joee and Way Stations... *Bi¥sl
7:00 a. Benlcia, Suisun aud Sacramento.... 10:49 a
7:00 a. MarjsTille, OroTillesud ReddibK tU
Woodland S:43r
7:00 a Elmir*. Vacnville and Rumsey..'.... Bt*or
7i3«a Martinez, Ramon, Vallejo. Napa, - '
I'alistoga aud Santa Rosa BslSp
8:00 a A tlaiiiii- Eiprew, <)g<ieu and Rait.. »t*it
■iSOa Sau .lose, Htockton, Valley Sprlog,
lone, Sacramento, MarjrsYtlle,
Cblco, Tehama and Red ItliifT.... 4ililr
S:SOa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7ilSp
•«:80a. Milton..., Itl*t
•tOOi M»rtine*. Tracy, Lathrop, Meroed '
. . andFreapo l*:l»r
OiVOa FrMuo, Rakersfleld, Santa H»rl>arn.
• 'Los Angeles, Demtog, El Paso, -- .-•
■ New Orleaus and Bast 6i4Bp
........ Fresoo, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
■ ttnez 6i49r
10:OOa Yallejo, Martinet and Way Stations 7:*sp
■liOOr Bacramento lMTer Bte»mrrs *»t«M»r
liOOf Nileo, San Jo«e and Way Stations ... 1 1 :*3a.
.../... San Joae, Nilesand Wa/StaUom... l»: 1 5 A
2:OOp Nile*. Tracy, Mendota, Haoford aud
Vi«all»... 4il«f
........ IJTennore, San Jose, Nile* and Way \
. Stations JI»tl»A
4t»»r Martinez, Ban Ilamoii, Vallejo,
Napa, Oall«tog», Xl Verano and __
'■: Santa lloaa »il»*
4ioop ßenicia, VacaTllle, Woodland,
».;. KniKhtfl Ijnulins, MarysTille, Oro-
Tllle and BBCr»mon to v ■•*4»A
4i3op Haywards, NUee and San Jose 7:4»A
O:«op MarUuex, Tracy, Mondota, Freano,
Mnj&Te, B»uta liarbara and ].os
A i.gel.-ii Bi4Sa
SaOOrßanta Po Ronto. Atlantic Rxpress ■"'.'_■
forMnJa»e and Kant 6x4Sp
Hs:oop "Pacific Ooast Limited." El Pmo,
Fort Worth, Liitle Rook, Bt.
Louis. Chicago »nd Bast S«:4sp
si3OrNlleß, Ban Joxa, Tracy, l.Rthrop,
' Mercod and Freaoo ji:*ii"
5:30p Stockton 12«|»P
OiOtii- ICnroppnu Mail, Ocden and Kaßt 0:4»a
•6iOOi- VRlleJ< ISsISp
J7iOOp Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Sta-
tions J9:4.">F
HtOOr Oregon Kx|>rmiß,Sacniinento, Mary«-
Tille, Ut>.l<liiiK. r»rtlati.<, Piiget
HcMiitil au.l Vmbl MOa
KAN I.KAMUt'.i AM* lIAIWAUUS I.dCAI..
(root of Market Btreet.)
" 1 MelrOKf, Kcinlniiry I'nrk, f ____
i'o'JJo* S«« I<«>*««dri>,Sonlfc««« *?2-4ni
tl8:WOM ' I.oren«o, CUerrj ■ tl-.Mr
U:OOp „ *■'• J2USP
3:OOr Unjvtarn*. (Si4sp
7:OOp i Runs throagh to Nile*. J 7:48p
•-■■- j t Fron Niles. { ■■ -
COAST MVIsIOS (Sarrorr «J»ujre). ~ r ~~
' (Foot of Market Street.)
8:15 a Newark.Centerville.San Joae.Felton, ~~~~"
'-r- Boulder Creek, SuiitaOruz and Way
btati0n5.. .;....:........ ot3o>
•SilSp Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New '
Almaden, Frlton. ltonliler Creek, • ' :"
Santa Cruz and I'rincival Way
Statioua ; MOjBOa
4il9p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:86 a
tlli43pHnnters' Excursion, Saa Jose and
Way Buttons. t7»20»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i mm SIB HUKCISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)— : '
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 '3:00 t3:OJ
•4:00 •: tS:OO *6:00r.M.
01IL1ID— r*ot »f Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
■ tia-.00 *l:00 tS:OO •3:00 ti:00 *8:00p.M,
*" COASI VISION (UroaiMiauge).
| ,■'■.■-': -•" (Third and Townsend Sta.)
7too* Ran Jore and Way Stnti..u« (New ~"
- - • Almadeu Wednesdays only) .1«8W
9:00 a Han Jose, Tres l'inoe, HmiU Cnu.
Pacillc Qrore, Paso Robles, Ban %.
- • ' ■ liiiia Oblspo, Guadalupe, Sort and
PrindiMvl Way Stations 4ilol
I«:1Oa Sau Joae and Way Stations »BiOOj
11:80 a Saa J<we aud Way Stations.. 8i33«
•a-. 13r Ban Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park, -
- ■ ■ Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Ban Joie,
Gilrny. Holliater, SauU Ori»,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacitio
. Gr0Te........... -...; »10j8«j
■»:XOp Sau and Way Stations *95004
• 1:1 ■>)■ San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9i43i
•3»00p San Jose and Principal "Way SUtlona 6:33 1
3i3op San Jose ami Principal Way Stations OtSOi
0:30p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... TlBo|
tll:4ap Sau Jo»e and Way Btatioiii ■ 7i»0l
~.A for Morning. - : P for Afternoon. «
• (*Mi»\ayß fixcrpteil. t Snndays only, t Saturdays only
*E Mondays and Thursdays. 63atnrday» and Wednetdayf
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San Fran-
• ciscoat.s P.M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday,. 'Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. Friday, Sunday
: and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servatlon ■ Car and . Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. - : •
SAM FRANCISCO TIWEffFICE— 18 MARKET ST,
• ■ TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. ■
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Ofßoe— 7 West Santa Olara" St
THE SAN : FRANCISCO AND SAU JOAQlill
VALLEY BAILWAI COMPANY.
From Nov. iv, lSy», trains will run. us follows:
South-bound.-, .. \ . ' North-bound.'
Passen-! Mixed. . Mixed. Passen-
. ger. Sunday! Sunday ger.
Daily. .Exc'ptdj Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
I B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
10:10 am; 2:ospm ' f Merced . 12:40pm 4:03 pra
11:40 am s:3opm V". 'Fresno' '■' 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:3Spm 7:45pm Hanford 7:13 am 1:35 pm
3:L'O pm;R:3oam • Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11:25 am
12:53pm B:6opm . Vlsalia • 6:4oam; I:lspm
Stopping at intermediate points as required...
■ Connections — At i Stockton with steamboats ot
California Navigation and : Improvement . Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
excepting' Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. ■ m.
dally. : -•: .-;■■■■■-' ■ : :■: .;'. ■--'■.■ .- ■'.'.
1 For stage ; connections . see official time tabl»
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. :•'-■■- r--\-:'- - /; ;_; 
"yfIUITTAMALPAIS ; SCENIC RAILWAY.
' '■ '.:■.' '. ; i Via bausullto • t'ervy.) . • .
'' Leave ' San Francisco, » commencing " Sunday,
Sept. : 11,1538: L - • - , ,-*:-:■.
•Week Dr. 9:30 a. m.. ; 1:45 p. m. ..'. _■-.-..
v Sundays— 8:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
-Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. •
. THOS. % COOK & , SON, ■ Agenta, 621 Marktt
street, ■ San Francisco. ■■■ '
.- - ' '■'-■'■ '/■-'■■ '
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PROPHETS ARE
WITHOUT HONOR
IN ALAMEDA
Peculiarities of the
Election.
OPPOSITION MADE VOTES
LEAVITT, TALCOTT. CHURCH
AND JORDAN.
The Republican Quartet That Kept
Their Enemies Awake o' Nights
Planning- Schemes That
Failed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 13.
There are many prophets who are not
without honor save in their own country,
and many of them live in Alameda County.
As well as being prophets they are poli
ticians, and under the fire of last Tues
day some melted and others came out
Daniel-like. Now that the seriousness of
the election is past, an analysis of some
of the conditions attending it is full of
surprises. Many of the successful candi
dates were repudiated in their own homes,
while others who were thought to be weak
proved to be remarkably strong, and yet
others who prophesied great strength
were incased in ice when the votes were
counted.
Supervisor Church, although securing a
handsome majority in his district, did not
win any of that majority in his home
ward. County Clerk Jordan, who made
the hardest light of the campaign, did not
get any of his majority in the Seventh
Ward; Supervisor Talcott, whose majority
was very generous in his district, re
ceived a "minority in his home precinct;
Recorder Spear of Berkeley, one of the j
most active in the Republican county ;
campaign, was beaten in his home dis
trict and everywhere else. S. D. Water- !
man, also of Berkeley, did not carry his
own district, and was beaten.
Oscar Rogt-rs, who obtained more votes
for Sheriff than all the other candidates
put together, with a thousand to spare,
was considered to be one of the weakest
Republican candidates. On the other
hand, John Hackett, an independent
Democrat, actually created such confi
dence in some quarters, in his campaign,
that a member of the City Council found
enough Hackett money to win fifteen hun
dred dollars on the election of Henry Dal
ton. Dr. Mehnnann was beaten in the
city where he resides, !>ut saved himself
in the county. This is remarkable in
view of the fact that Republican candi- !
dates in the past have always depended ;
on a big majority in the city to offset the
Democratic majority with which Demo- <
crats always threaten to come over San j
Leandor bridge into Oakland.
Of hue years it may be noted that this
Democratic majority has been only imagi- j
nary.
Another feature of the election is the
fact that the candidates who were most
bitterly and generously opposed were
elected. Not for years has this county
seen euch a bitter spirit shown in a Su
pervisorial fight as that evinced toward
John Talcott and Will Church. Not only
a part of the local press, but San Fran
cisco's fusion ovgan, brought all their
batteries to bear against these Republican
candidates, but without effect. Never -was
.such ,i whispering Tight made as was
made against County Clerk Jordan, and
opportunity that his political op
's could invent to unfairly criticize
his administration was eagerly embraced
and exploited. Even from Alameda
gruminent R»-publicans went into the
eventh Ward on the day of election and
worked hard to defeat Jordan, and now
he has the- laugh on his opponents.
There are some sores left from Tues
day's battle which will not easily heal.
Weeks ago it was known that there was
not unity among the Republican candi
dates. All were not working for the com
mon good of the ticket, and it is a lasting
denunciation of such tactics that the men
aga.inst whom opposition was hurled from
their own ranks came out victorious while
others were buried beneath the majorities
of their opponents. It is surprising in
view of the individual selfishness that pre
vailed in the party that the Republican
banner still stays with us. There Is at
present a quiet investigation going on to
find out just who ;s; s primarily responsible
for this treachery, and those who won in
spite of it would not be human did they
not take every means to retaliate during
the next four years.
Another lucky man was Assemblyman,
now Senator-elect. Frank W. Leavitt. As
soon as he announced his desire to be a
member of the next State Senate Mr.
Leavitt was considered a legitimate tar
get for abuse by the fusionlst press. With
its usual and expected disregard for truth
and decency, Mr. Leavitt was honored by
the opposition. The effect was most bene
ficial to him, for each week it became
more evident that his probable majority
was Bteadily increasing, and last Tuesday
night his fusion opponent was left so far
behind that he must be considered polit
ically dead. Leavitt always was a child
of luck.
Recorder Spear deserves great credit for
the magnanimity with which he can lose
a political fight. No on.c did better work
during the county campaign than Spear.
He fought loyally for the whole ticket,
asking no particular favors for any spe
cial candidate, not even for himself. His
was a peculiar struggle. He was never
criticized nor opposed, either personally
or for the conduct of his office, yet his op
ponent, an elderly man, ■ captured the
plum with thousands of votes to spare.
It was not that the voters did not waut
Spear, but they wanted Grim more When
the rc-«ult was" known Spear was one of a
little dinner party early last Wednesday
morning, and he was a>< sincere in his con
gratulations of his more favored brother
;;ites as in his expression that his
opponent had won out fairly. Although
be.-.ten t'»aporarily. Spear is a long way
from bell' 7 ; vanquished politically.
The st'i-et railway employes proved
TfiF'rr.sel\!s to be a powerful factor In
county rjrlitics. Three months ago they
exiTfPseiV a desire to see A. K. Grim
elected lyWorcW. There are about seven
hutidrrfl ;=trf-(-t-onr men and some one
diplomatically suggested that they or
ganize on behalf of Mr. Grim. Their cam
paign wa ■ a personal one more than a po
lit'<-al eff rt. They knew nothing in pol
iti s but Urim; they talked nothing but
Gum ai.-l the amount of campaigning
that sove.fi hundred men can do on street
ca^s in «'•■ couple of months was shown
conclusively las; Tuesday. Each man 1b
crr-dited with making a dozen votes for
Grim, while pulling the b«"li or turning
th<? lever, and this estimate with the
votes of the faction of Republicans which
was dissatisfied with the San Leandro
convention cave Mr. Grim his great vote.
Hereafter the street-car men will be in
demand at elections, although the pro
prfety of hundreds of men employed by
one corporation entering so decidedly
Into politics may be questioued. In
this instance, however, there was
n^'t the least secrecy about the
cr.rmen's action. They organlfized
openly, fearlessly, an individuals, ,md
were neither encouraged nor discouraged
by their employers. They felt a debt of
gratitude to Mr. Grim and even went so
far as to issue thousands of addresses to
the voters, signed by a corps of carmen.
There Is an interesting side to this at
titude of the cannon. They made their
fight tor Grim because two years ago
Srim relinquished voluntarily his position
as superintendent of the Syndicate Rail
way because he refused to obey the
orders of the directors to reduce the sala
ries of the men. According to Mr. Ma
guire It should be supposed that the cor
poration, which is the most powerful in
this county, would object to Its employes,
even as individuals, supporting Grim on
such a platform, which was really an en
couragement to disobey an order of the
board of directors. Such a deduction,
however, is proved now to be an absurdi
ty, for no one has yet heard of a. single
man losine his job for voting for Mr.
Grim, neither does any one expect to hear
of such. Certainly the recent diatribes
delivered in this county by Maguire et aL
concerning oppression, coercion and herd
ing of men by corporations lack confirma
tion in fact. *
The Independents certainly did not de
rive much encouragement from the voters.
This party of alleged purity, which
sprang into existence at the suggestion of
men repudiated by the Republican party,
may be considered as dead forever. Not
one of its candidates accomplished any
thing. It is true they indorsed Mr. Grim's
independent candidacy, but Grim without
the independents would have won as de
cisively as with them. However, they did
as well as it was expected they would.
Alameda County does not take kindly to
independent movements. It has learned
to suspect them, and this suspicion is due
to the- fact that in the past inquiry into
the motives of these hybrid movements
has invariably proved them to have had
their origin in disappointed office-seekers.
This county is decidedly partisan. It
likes a successful man, and just as bitter
ly does it repudiate an unsuccessful one.
The independents put up for office many
men who had once been cast aside at the
polls. To enter upon a campaign of purity
under such circumstances does not suggest
such honesty of purpose as the purity
loving voters desire. Judging by the re
sults, the campaign of the Independents
was entirely useless. It drew just as
many votes from one party as from an
other, and had it never been born there
would have been no changes in the list of
successful candidates.
Politicians will now take a rest for
three weeks. After their Thanksgiving
turkeys have been digested, the city cam
paign may be considered on. Already
some preliminary work has been done,
but the people having been so surfeited
with politics during the past six months
have concluded by common assent that
they will listen to no more campaign
pleadings or speeches till after Thanks
giving at least, and. if possible, not until
after Christmas. STUART W. BOOTH.
SUDDEN PASSING
OF HENRY H. BECK
OAKLAND MOURNS FOR ONE OF
HER BRIGHTEST SONS.
The Late Manager of the American
District Telegraph Company
Dies at Fabiola Hospital.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Henry H. Beck,
late manager of the American District
Telegraph Company in San Francisco,
I died at the Fabiola Hospital this morn-
I ing at 1:25 o'clock, after an illness of less
than a week's duration.
The first indication of the sickness
which finally resulted In death came in
the form of acute pains in the chest, j
which were afterward found to be the
i consequence of a perforation of the in
testines. Thursday afternoon the young
man took to his bed, and Dr. Cunning
ham, the family physician, was sum
moned. After a cursory examination by |
Drs. Cunningham and Julius Rosenstein, j
it was found that the only chance for
life was in an operation. Saturday, on the
advice of these physicians, he was re
moved from his home at H46 Telegraph
avenue to the Fabiola Hospital, where an
operation was performed at 11 o'clock in
the evening. He died two hours after
ward, and the body was removed to the
home of his parents, 17 Hyde street, San
Francisco.
Young Beck had been an employe of
the American District Telegraph Com-,
pany ior eleven years, but left the com
pany recently and came to this city,
i where he organized the Oakland Burglar
'■ and Fire Alarm Company, for which he
received a fifty year franchise. He was to
I represent this syndicate as president and
superintendent, and work was to have
been commenced on the enterprise in a
short time.
His death comes as a sad blow to his
friends and relatives, as he was loved at
home and was a general favorite among
his wide circle of acquaintances. He was
25 years old. and leaves a widow, a young
son, father and mother and several
brothers and sisters to mourn his loss.
Oakland Church Services.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Rev. Dr. R. F.
Coyle delivered a stirring lecture on "The
Cause of the Social Problem,' to-night at
the First Presbyterian Church.
At the First M. E. Church the pastor,
Rev E. R. Dille, delivered a sermon to
night on "Atheism, Agnosticism and Ma
terialism." being the first of a series on
current topics.
■The Highest Stage in the Culture of
Christian Manhood. With Special Refer
ence to the Y. M. C. A. Work," was the
subject of Rev. Philip Grnif's sermon at
the First Free Baptist Church this morn
ing. His evening sermon was preceded by
a prelude on "The Anti-Saloon Move
ment."
Professor and Mrs. A. Dobbins, the
gospel singers, recently from the East,
gave a service at the Y. M. C. A. Auditor
ium this afternoon entitled "A Ship With
out a Pilot." The songs, duets, hymns
and Bible readings were illustrated by a
powerful stereopticon.
Dwight E. Potter spoke on "Christian
Manhood" at the Union-street Presbyter
ian Church to-night.
"Shall We Know Each Other in Another
PAULISTS HONOR ST. ANTHONY.
Statue Erected In His Name With Sacred and Impressive
Ceremony at St. Mary's Church.
T MMEDIATELY before the
1 celebration of vespers at St.
1 Mary's Church (Paullst) last
evening an imposing and mag
nificent statue of St. Anthony
was blessed and consecrated
■with simple but Impressive and
inspiring ceremony. Of late de
votions to this saint have been
markedly general. Throughout
the entire city statues, similar
to that now erected In St. Mary's
Church, have been and are still
being erected for special devo
tional purposes.
The statue, as erected, oc
cupies a position immediately to
the right of St. Joseph's altar.
It is about five feet four inches
in height and stands upon a
base of highly ornamental red
wood. One of its principal char
acteristics is its trueness to life.
One can almost fancy that the
artistic image is endowed with
animation as it looks down upon
the devotee in prayer and sup
plication at the altar rail below.
The ceremony of consecra
tion was performed by the Rev.
Father Maxmillian of St. Jos
eph's Church of this city, assist
ed by acolytes and one of the
associate priests of the Paulist
community.
The devotions at Bt. Mary's
Church to the honored saint will
differ somewhat from the usual.
which are now being performed and extended by other churches, par
ticularly the French Church (Marist Community) on Bush street. The
form of devotion wil consist solely in the offering of prayer and the
burning of blessed candles. Those desirous of makine this latter of
fering can do so by inserting a blessed candle in the candelabra which
will be erected for the purpose in the near future immediately be
fore the statue.
The statue was imported from France, and is the gift of Mrs. M.
H. de Young.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
Life?" was the subject of Rev. J. R. Kno
dell's evening sermon at the Pilgrim Con
gregational Church. _,
Rev. B. R. Bennett occupied Rev. C. H.
Hobart's pulpit at the First Baptist
Church this morning. In the evening the
Sastor spoke on "A Successful Young
lan." *
Rev. T. D. Butler, at the First Christian
Church to-night spoke on "Our National
Conventions."
Rev. J. T. Sunderland, pastor of the
First Unitarian Church, to-night deliv
ered an interesting sermon on "Up and
Down Palestine on Horseback."
Rev. Dr. Thomas Boyd of Portland, Or.,
occupied the pulpit at the Brooklyn Pres
byterian Church to-day.
"The World to Come" was the subject
of Rev. Charles A. Brown's sermon at the
First Congregational Church to-night.
Special meetings are being, held now at
the Salvation Citadel, corner Twelfth and
Washington streets, to continue every
night during this waek. To-day's meeting
was led by Adjutant Flynn.
The Oakland Exposition.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— The California
State Exposition, which opened in this
city last night, will continue until De
cember 3, and bids fair to surpass any
thing of its kind ever held in Alameda
County. The scope of attractions is far
more comprehensive than last year, and
takes in nearly every important industry
in the State, for it is not wholly an Oak
land institution.
The attendance last night, though ex
ceptionally satisfactory, wos nothing com
pared to what it will be throughout this
week. The exhibition will be open all af
ternoons and evenings and will. If any
thing, increase in magnitude as it pro
gresses. ________^___
THROWN FROM THE
CARS AND RUN -OVER
SERIOUS ACCIDENT TO CHARLES
CHACE, A BSAKEMAN.
Nearly Rolled Under the Wheels of a
Rapidly Moving Freight
Train.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Charles Chace, a
! bra.keman. had a miraculous escape from
a most horrible death early this morning
on the narrow-gauge night freight run
ning between Alameda and Santa Cruz.
As a result of injuries sustained he is
! now liyng in a critical condition at Pab
j iola Hospital, where his left leg between
i the ankle and knee was amputated by
Drs. Kane, Olmsted, Milton and Meiggs
this afternoon.
The accident occurred just the other
side of Wrights in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains, about 3:30 o'clock this morning. At
that hour the freight train was going
down the grade through a big cut. Chace
was on the top of a box car putting on
the brake. Somehow the spindle part of
the braks got out of position and Chace
was hurled off the car and struck violent
ly against one of the banks of the cut,
his body then rolling down to the tracks.
Three cars passed over his left leg, and
he was not missed from the train until
nearly an hour later. In the interim the
injured man lighted a match to see how
badly he was hurt and tied a handker
chief just above the crushed portion of
the limb.
When help finally came he was uncon
scious and war- lying on the track. He
was taken to Santa Cruz, where his Inju
ries were temporarily dressed, and by a
special he was conveyed to Oakland.
Charles Chace is a brother-in-law of
Cotton Bros., the well known contractors.
He is 25 years old and resided with his
wife and child at Boulder Creek.
Murderous Chines; Identified.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13. — The police have
ascertained the name of the Chinaman
who murderously assaulted Ah Kirn with
a knife on the McElrath place yesterday.
He Is Lim Kom, and his American name
is Ah Jim. To-day a friend of the mur
derous Mongolian called at the vegetable
gardens inquiring after him ajid gave out
his right name. On further search at the
cabin Lim Kom's photo and passport were
found, and the police feel confident now
that he will be located.
An Address to Socialists.
OAKLAND. Nov. 18.— The Oakland seo
tlon of the Socialist Labor party now
hold regular Sunday evening meetings at
Grand Army Hall, to which admission is !
free. A series of lectures has been ar
ranped for these occasions and to-night
<'haries F. Fryer, Carrot medalist, which
distinction he won at the intercollegiate
debate, delivered an interesting address
on "Bettering Things."
ALL THE CANDIDATES
WERE ALIKE TO HIM
ALAMEDA'S CITY CLERK THINKS
THEY ARE BILL-POSTERS.
Endeavors to Make Them Pay a Li
cense for Posting Their
' Placards.
w
ALAMEDA, Nov. 13.— The City Clerk of
Alameda has made a frantic but futile ef
fort to enrich the municipal treasury to
the extent of a round $5000 at the ex
pense of every candidate for office who
posted or caused to be displayed wunin
Alameda's corporate limits a card an
nouncing his candidacy. This city was a
great point of interest to the politician,
and the fences and deadwalls were cover
ed with political cards until sections of
the town appeared like huge checker
boards. The day after election the City
Clerk struck upon the idea that every
candidate was a bill poster, or at least
the person was who tacked up his signs.
There is a bill poster's license in Alameda
of $25 per annum.
The Clerk made up a list of over 200
candidates who had used the fences and
walls of the city to advertise them
selves. He prepared licenses for them and
sought the City Marshal to instruct him
to make collections. It so hapened tnat
the Marshal was the successful Republi
can nominee for Sheriff. He was willing
to donate $25 to the city, but said he did
not have the heart to ask the host or
defeated office-seekers, who figured up
about 90 per cent of the list, to pay Ala
meda for using her advertising space
when the city did not give them votes
enough to indicate that any of her citi
zens nad seen their announcements.
City Attorney Taylor, State Senator
elect, was asked for a legal opinion upon
the question, and stated offhandedly that
if the law was strictly construed the
candidates or their friends might be made
to take out a bill poster's license, but
that as most of the nominees had been
snowed out of sight it would be a hard
matter to find them. "And besides," said
Mr. Taylor, "I don't supose many of them
have $25 left; and if we proceeded against
them and convicted them for violating a
city ordinance they would have to go to
jail for lack of funds to pay their fines.
I do not believe in taking such an undue
advantage of a defeated foe."
NO ALAMEDA DAY.
Encinal City May Not Be Repre
sented at Oakland's Show.
AT.AMEDA, Nov. 13.— 1t is not likely
that this city will have a day at the Ala
meda County Industrial Exposition now
being held in Oakland. Agents of the
Realty Syndicate, which owns the elec
tric line running between the two cities,
have been making efforts to interest cer
tain of the city officials in the matter, but
have met with little encouragement. The
gentlemen appealed to refuse to take a
hand in the project for the reason, they
assert, that they were not treated fairly
last year by the transportation company.
During the exposition of 1897 Alameda
citizens went to considerable expense ar
ranging and carrying out a programme
for an Alameda day. Among other ex
penditures was the hire of a braes band.
As the streetcar company received all the
benefit of the day, it was solicited to "pay
the pipers." but the officers refused to
put up a cent. A few days«ago, when the
company's agents were endeavoring to in
terest the Alamedans in another Alameda
day, the action of last year was thrown
at them wherever they went, and the
citizens who are generally foremost in
such undertakings positively refused to
give any assistance.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 13.— Residents of the
eastern end of the city are endeavoring
to persuade the narrow-gauge railroad to
establish a telegraph office and freight
station at High street.
Carita Chapter, Order of Eastern Star,
will give an entertainment Wednesday
evening in Masonic Temple.
The celebration in honor of the Re
publican victory given last evening at
West Alameda under the auspices of the
Young Men's Republican Club was a suc
cessful affair and largely attended. Many
of the victorious candidates were present
and made timely addresses. After the
speech-making there was a spread of
light liquid and solid refreshments.
Christian Peterson of Taylor avenue
has been appointed by the Board of
Health to assist Veterinary Inspector
Carpenter in making a physical examina
tion of the cows belonging to the dairies
supplying Alameda with milk.
RAILROAD \VTIECK.
A Locomotive and Two Cars Demol
ished.
BERKELEY. Nov. 13.— A combination
train on the California-Nevada Railroad
was wrecked four miles above San Pablo,
near Lineer's ranch, at 10 o'clock this
morning-. The railroad is constructed be
tween Station B and Orinda Park and this
morning a large number of pleasure-seek
ers boarded the 9 a. m. train expecting to
spend the day at the end of the line.
When the train reached the point men
tioned the locomotive drivers dropped
down between loosened rails and in an
instant it was piled up in the ditch several
feet from the track and two freight cars
were demolished. It Is fortunate for the
paseengc-rs that the coaches were in the
rear of the train, as there wpuld have
been a wholesale loss of lfre had they
been In the place of the freight cars. The
trainmen escaped with a few bruises. It
will be several days before the engine can
be placed on the rails again.
BERKELEY'S NEW SINGERS.
The University of California Glee
Club Makes Its Annual Selec
tion of Voices.
BERKELEY. Nov. 13.— The musical as
soctationS of the University of California
have chosen their new members. The se
lection has been in progress since the
opening of the college term, and each can
didate has been subject to a long test,
made keen by competition. Out of the
numerous applicants for membership the
following' have been added to the clubs:
Dv Ray Smith, J. Clement Arnold. G. Clarke
RriKKR. Henry C. Meione, Mark H. White, Har
ley M. Leete, Forest B. Caldwell and A. Ho
ratio Cogswell, to the glee club; O. H.
Relohman, E. Seltz and L. Burt Coblentz to the
mandolin club; Herbert S. Bonnlfleld, E. J.
Woodsbnurne and Parker V. Holt to the banjo
club; Louis I. Reed. E. H. Rubottom and J.
Stewart Ross to the guitar club. W. W. Da
vis was chosen as director of vocal music, and
A. W. Mack of the instrumental.
Kaarsberg Will Play To-Morrow.
BERKELEY, Nov. 13. — Kaarsberg,
Berkeley's fullback in the big eleven foot
ball team, has recovered from his recent
attack of blood poisoning. He is now
able to leave the training quarters and be
present on the field. Coach Cochran ex
pects him to take part in the regular foot
ball practice upon the college campus to
morrow afternoon.
To Discuss a Police Court.
BERKELEY. Nov 13.— The Board of
Trustees is to meet to-morrow night in
the Town Hall, and among other things
will discuss the matter of a Berkeley
Police Court. Town Attorney Hayne at
tributes the failure of the last charter
amendment, providing for such a court,
the fact that the amendment pro
vided for the judge to hold office by ap
pointment from the Board of Trustees.
He thinks that a similar measure, chang
ing the method of appointment to that of
election by the people, would meet with
the hearty approval of all the voters, and
so will recommend another special elec
tion upon an amendment to the clty'3
charter embodying that special alteration.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GKAND HOTEL,.
T J Oaffney, Col |Mi*s I Harding, Chlcag
Mrs Wataon, <J.-ass Val T Harding, Chicago
H F Mc-rxmald, Mo T II Mason, Toronto
VV R Pond, Woodland W Fowler. Seattle
Q Smith, San Jose F L Foltz, Seattle
J D Williams & w.Cal Mrs W Church, Seattle
G Adams, Chicago Ii Taylor & w, Omaha
J T Burke, San Rafael Dr H McNaught, Can
0 O Webber, Sta Rosa A T Johnson, Canada
J A Johnson, 8 Bernar Miss M Paige, Stocktn
W Mackay, Oakland W H P Hill, Watsonvl
A Lowenberg, Cal J H Pattee, Minn
M D Brlggs, Cal E Mays, San Jose
W H Williamson, Wash J Mays, San Jose
C Hugh 03, Red Bluff ■ X Maybern, Chico
L R Field, Portland R M Russell, Lodt
W D Tlllotson, Reddng H Russell, Lodl
Mrs F E Luca*. Wash M Carter, Irvington
Miss M Tannett, Wash H L West, WUlows
Mrs L Schmetzberg, Or|J W Snowden, Willows
Mrs C A Walter, Or |M J Boggs, Colusa
D H Jackson, Placervl IG L Johnson, Easton
3 A McElfresh. Ls An E Lathrop, Tulare
Mrs A Holmes, Napa jMiss A S Peck, Boston
Ml>s A Holmes, Napa JW B Ambrose, Lockfrd
W H Soaman, Sacto IP A Buell, Sto'aon
R T Wheeler, Stockton Mrs Robinson, Colusa
J Hardlngr, Chicago IH B Muir, Ukiah
PALACE HOTEL.
H H Pitcher, Livermjß T Spencer, Chicago
J X Hecht. Berkeley IN J Aldrlch, Aurora
E M Hecht, Berkeley IE A Selmstein, Chtgo
J M Marshall, U S A'J Garwood, Stockton
Mrs Marshall, XJ S A!E Wangenhelm, New
L C Trent, Salt Lake Mrs Wangenheim.New
E Cannonu, Portland C Waldron, Sta Cruz
V Schllllne, Portland H Hinshaw, Burlingh
L, Newell, Minneapolis! F Goodchlld, Mazat:an
Mrs Newell, Minn | Mrs Goodchild, Ma .at
L H Moore, Phllaileli Mlbs Peck, Boston
W J Cartan. Denver |R Harrison, Sta Monlc
J Edgerton, Helena |J Crooks, San Rafael
Mrs EdKCrton. Helena |P Jarboe, San Ma co
G Mitchell, N T I
BALDWJN HOTEL.
F Henry, Fresno ;R Colson, Chicago
F Temple, San Jose ; F L Dow, San Jose
M Price, San Jose | E Shavers. Watsonvll
Mmc Montague, Oakla H Boeckelman, Ind
F Bane, Santa Rosa G Gardner, Cal
B Towne, Palo Alto jN Wince, Truckee
M J Egan, Oakland C Schlvriey, Oroville
C H Bain, Oakland I M Scholl. Ogden
C F Colvln. Vallejo jW A Jack, N V
H J Drake, Alcatraz IAI A Kamp, Fresno
E Welller, Baltimore IF Klmball, Chicago
O J West, Portland tMiss Cunnington, Chg
V Bpenclly, Portland I M pismukes, Fresno
A McCarney, NT N Nathan, Colorado
W S Little, Boston J Craig, Hyland Sprga
C H Pool, Boston L Kahn Oakdale
S Meyer, NT W Dougherty. Sn Jsso
THE LABORS
OF THE CODE
COMMISSION
Condensing Statutes
of the State.
OF GREAT VALUE TO LAWYERS
SHANTAHAN TELLS WHAT HAS
BEEN ACCOMPLISHED.
The Civil and Political Codes Will Be
Presented to the Legislature in
Two Separate Bills — Other
Improvements.
The Code Commissioners, Messrs. Cam
lnetti, Shanahan and Bulia, have per
formed a great deal of labor since their
appointment, as will be seen by the fact
that they will present to the next Legis
lature the Civil and Political Codes com
plete in two separate bills. In addition
to this the umendemnts to the Code of
Civil Procedure and Penal Code rendered
necessary by the revision of the Civil and
Political Code will be presented. .
The commission has nearly completed a
volume of uncodifled statutes taken from
the statutory laws of the State, carrying
the laws in force adopted from 1850 to the
present time that are not embraced in the
codes.
• I Another important matter to attorneys
I and litigants is the fact where the Su
preme Court has given an exact meaning
to any section of the code by a decision
concerning it, the language of the court
is included in the section as being the ex
act law.
In speaking of the labors of the com-
I mission yesterday Commissioner Shana
han said:
"The Code of Civil Procedure and the
Penal Code cannot be presented complete
ly revised at the coming session. A great
proportion of the labor involved in these
two codes has been accomplished and this
work has required the consideration of
every section of the code that will be pre
sented as well as the statutes and the
Supreme Court reports.
"We are endeavoring to condense tho
j laws of the State as they stand to-day into
j five comprehensive volumes, instead of
the four codes, the statutes of each ses
sion of the Legislature since the organi
1 zation of the State and the 120 volumes of
j Supreme Court reports. The result will be
I of great value to litigants and attorneys?.
"Senator Bulla's division of the work
was largely confined to the laws affect
ing municipal corporations. These were
embraced in about seventy-five statutes
which required weeks of time of a good
lawyer to carefully work through and get
his 'points. These volumes have been so
condensed and classified that the same
work can now be accomplished in a few
minutes. Mr. Bulla's codification is com
pleted and has been adopted by the
board."
The laws governing counties and town
ships were assigned to Commissioner
Caminetti, who has about completed his
labors. Mr. Shanahan's department was
State offices and institutions and the
whole question qf taxation. Of these he
has completed the codifying of the tax
I laws. The unfinished work of the com
! mission will perforce be submitted to the
Legislature two years hence.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUBINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, opeu
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes at; open until 8:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock;
«10 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
ISII Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
«61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
10C Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
J526 Mission street; open until » o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
rtreet*: npen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, K. ♦
T , Golden Gate bulldln*. 625 Sutter st. **&«
—Special assembly THIS EVENING at jf^
7:30 o'clock. The Order of the Red U
Cross will be conferred. All raters are Vr
courteously invited.
CHAS. L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WM.-T. FONDA, Recorder.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- _/V-
mure St.— First decree THIS (MON- TCJ\
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/^r
order of the Master
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No.- 22, F. and A. ■ -.
M.-Callo«] meeting THIS (MONDAY) _*»•
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- J&jZ
gree. By order of the W*. M. I^tr \
GEO. W. ROOT, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. . 127, F. and A. m
M — Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) tk
EVENING. November - 14, - 1898, at 7:30 jCJf
o' clock. First degree. By order of /V'
the W. M. L. . SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
THE ■ California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from George W. Allen and E. P.
Thomas, in the. Hangman's Gulch .mine, near
. Placerville, El Dorado County, to deposit
tailings in Hangman's ravine; from Sam B.
Lusk and J. J. Millar, in the Sampson min-
ing claim, in Gold Lake mining district. Si-
erra County, to deposit tailings in a ravine '
below the mine; from E. Reynolds and ' F.
Carter, In the Morristown mine, near Port
Wine. Sierra County, to deposit tailings :in
west branch of Little Canyon Creek; from
George D. H. Meyers, • In the Myers placer
mine, near Placerville, El Dorado County,'
to deposit tailings In Johnson's North Can-
yon; and from Frank and Antone Leveronl,
in the Corsica mine, near Sierra City, Sierra
j County, to deposit tailinps in old pits, gives
notice that a meeting wi!i be held at room
: 69, Flood building, San ; Francisco, Cal. on
November 28, 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting.— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will, be held at the office of -the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day , of Novem-
ber, 1898, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for"
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action ' of such other business as - may come
befoae the meeting. Transfer books will close
on -Thursday, November 10. IS9B. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES. _— — ~
TAKE notice— Dr. lana A. Kamama, M. D^
of India will lecture before the Electro Medi-
cal Society Monday evening, . November 14, 8
, o'clock, Occidental ■ Hall, Supreme Court
building, corner Larkin -and McAllister : sts.
Subject, "Electricity as a Curative Agent and
Its Application to Disease." • Come and hear
, him. . : ■■- ■-•;'---.-.■ ;•--- "> ■■.-■.:
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLEICTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
.painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BOYS' • home, 417 Harrison, ' free evening school
: board and room, $2 50 per week.' '...-■• - - ,
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls nr no fee; free diagnosis. 100 , Haltrht «t.
TO LEASE. ■. ,' '
TO ; LEASE— house, 16 lots with house.
8 rooms and bath, large . barn, suitable for
milk or chicken ranch. Apply ROBERTS, 1613
Market »t;. opposite ; Franklin. ~ - -'-- '■-. » .
■ ' , ■ DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (50 cents
per ; share) of the Hutchinson * Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday. November 21, / 1898. Transfer books
will close ; on Tuesday. November ■ 15, IS9B, at
3 o'clock p. m. E.H. SHELDON, Secretary. :
SITUATIONS AV ANTED—FEMALE. ■
DANISH cook. v 3 years': city referencePalso
Norwegian • cook, ■ desire .' situations, rj.- ■ F
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. ; • ; . :
A V FIRST-CLASB - : infant's • nurse .: and i Beam-
stress desire? situation; best reference. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter. St. . - -;,;■_, .■■> ,- :>i
A • SUPERIOR Danish '< cook and laundress • de-
■' sires • situation; ?2 ; years -In • last : place. MISS
: CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. . >\- v-;<;j >^
A "- FIRST-CLASS I German I cook | and I laundress
•. desires situation; - ; best ot< reference. MISS
| CULLEN. 225 Sutter at.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
A GERMAN housegirl, good cook and laun-
dress; first-class references. Apply MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.; tel Green 721.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau, a number of iflrst-class girls awaiting
situations. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
RELIABLE woman, _ood cook, would do
downstairs work and assist with washing,
city or country: can give references. 16 Wil-
low aye., oft Larkin st.
SITUATION wanted by young woman for
general housework in small family; wages
*.15 to $18. Call 1239 Market st., near Ninth.
WANTED— Employment as invalid's or chil-
dren's nurse by woman of several years' ex-
perience. Box 1550, Call Office.
GERMAN widow over 40, good cook, house-
keeper, fond of children, wishes situation.
Address 528 Bryant st.
A YOUNG eirl wishes a position for house-
work and plain cooking. Call at 1G26 Leaven-
worth st., near Broadway.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework; plain cook
115 Wildey St., off Fillmore, near Bush.
WANTED— A young girl wishes situation in
small family to do light housework. Apply
at 205 Clara st.
COMPETENT Danish girl, good cook, wishes
situation to do housework: 5 years' experi-
ence In Chicago. 431 Third St.; tel. Red 2571.
AN experienced German cook wishes situation
in private family; would assist in light work;
good references. 408 Minna, near Fifth.
GERMAN American widow wishes 4 or 6
hours' housework dally; sleep home. Call
at 17A Rausch st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants situation to
do general housework in American family;
. good cook; references. Box 1999, Call Office.
WANTED — Chamber or house work by day
or week; good laundress. Address, by mall,
box 10, Call Branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
RESPECTABLE woman desires to nurse in-
valids or care for infant; will assist house-
work. Address H.. Call Branch. 615 Larkin.
WOMAN wishes work by the day or half day;
cleaning and washing. 2 Natoma st.
DRESSMAKER; will work for $1 25 day.
1073 hi Market st.
AN experienced dressmaker, a good cutter and
fitter In the lata designs, will accept engage-
ments in families at $1 25 per day; references.
Apply 1212 Scott st.
DRESSMAKER, good fitter, will work In fam-
iiles at $1 25 a day. Address MRS. C, 4418
Nineteenth st.
GOOD German Catholic girl wishes situation
as second or nurse girl; can speak and read
German; first-class references. Please call at
llja O'Farrell st.
BY an experienced nurse, to take full charge
of a baby from its birth; best of references.
Call at 1410 Octavia st., near Geary.
RELIABLE girl wishes situation to do general
housework: best of references. Call or ad-
dress 66 Clementina ft.
RELIABLE and experienced girl wishes a sit-
uutlon to do second work in good family.
Please call at 1259 O'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would
like engagements by the day. Call or address
1309 Lyon st.
SITUATION wanted to assist in general house-
work. Apply 389 Geary st.
YOUNG woman with a child would like a place
as housekeeper or would take charge of lodg-
ing house. Box 1916. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, young lady. 5 years' experi-
ence, fully qualified to take charge of set of
books, desires position: also good stenographer
and typewriter; salary $30 per month; refer-
ences. Box 1931. Call office.
WANTED— A few more engagements in fam-
ilies by a first-class dressmaker; references.
Address 589 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT woman wants to cook; willing
to assist with housework or wash. Apply
Monday, 1131 McAllister st. Wages $20 to $25.
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
all kinds furnished. 777 Market; tel. Clay 130.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes place in a re-
fined family; city or country. Apply at 3221
Twentieth St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and not
afraid of work, willing and obliging, would
like a situation in city or country. Address
Seattle House. 106 Vi Third st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will go out by the
day; ladles' suits a specialty; no children's
work; either San Francisco or Oakland. 526
Eighth st.. Oakland.
REFINED woman wants position an children*
nurse; first-class seamstress. Address A. 8.,
Call branch office. 615 Larkin St.
SITLATIO-^S W 'AATJ-U— JiAL-ST
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind-
help. GEO. AOKI. 80 Geary: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE «nd Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St. : tel. East 42*.
POSITION of any kind where intelligence, a
good education and willingness to work will
be appreciated: best of references as to char-
acter and ability. Box ISSO, Call office.
ALL-ROT 'ND butcher and sausage-maker, can
cure meats, wishes situation in city or coun-
try. Box 1949, Call office.
COOK wants a situation; hotel or boarding-
house; good reference; country preferred.
Call 129 A Eddy st., room 5.
PHOTO retoucher, expert and all-round
workman, desires work. Address box 1552,
Call Office.
YOUNG Japanesa wants situation as office-
boy or for night work. J. V., 535 Jessie st.
SWEDISH man and wife wish situations,
country preferred; understands all kinds of
work. Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish and
German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted as engineer; thoroughly
understands marine engines and horizontal
engines, gas engines and the running of
dynamos; 5 years last situation; good refer-
ences. Box 1903, Call office.
SITUATION by a first-class cook In a hospital,
institution or good lunch house; has many
years' experience In all its branches. Box
1906, Call.
ELDERLY man, hand with tools, wants a
good home: work must be light. Address H.
W,, 10 Anthony st., city.
COMPETENT hotel man wants steady situation
as chef or steward; economical, sober, clean;
moderate salary. Address KERSTEN, 1514
Powell st.
YOUNG man wants situation: understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference: state the
wages. J. A. MACDONALD, 214 Third st.
WANTED— Position as club maker with golf
club by a first-class club maker. Address
Club Maker, 328 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG man, German, wouM like situation
to drive wagon; bakery or milk route; milk
route preferred. Address box 1938, Call.
BUTLER — Highly recommended, trustworthy
Japanese wants a position in first-class fam-
ily; either city or country. Box 1946, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants a place as a school
boy; wages no object. E. H., 326 O'Farrell st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'feus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WAXTEU-FEMALa
3 SECOND girls, $15. $20 and $25; 3 cooks in
American and German families. $25 and $30;
waitress and chambermaid, country hotel, $20;
2 boarding-house cooks, $25; ranch cook, $20;
restaurant waitress, $25, and a great many
girls for cooking and housework in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sutter.
2 WAITRESSES and chambermaids; $16 to $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, boarding-house, $25, city; cook. San
Rafael, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; small hotel,
country; $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL, $10; neat girl, light work, $12.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH governess, $25; 2 second girls, $25 and
$15; In housework girls, city and country, $20
and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 ami $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE; $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook; $25^ MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper; $12.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
GERMAN or Swedish housework girl; 2 In
family; $30. MISS CULLEN, 325J3utter lit
HOUSEWORK girl; sleep home; $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
-•AUNDRBBB; fS. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
TEN waitresses, city and country hotels, $20.
$22 50 and $2,' i: waitress, first-class commer-
cial hotel, country. $25: 2 waitresses. South-
ern California, $22 50 and special rates for
fare; 2 Chambermaids to wait, city, $20; 3
lunch and dinner waitresses, $5; woman with
a child for chamberwork in rooming house,
$15; German cook for delicacy store. $25 to
530; flannel washer to help starch, first-class
hotel, $20. C. R. HA_NSKN & CO.. 104 Geary.
GERMAN girl for country, $25, see lady here,
fare paid; 2 houseglrls for Martinez. $15;
housegirl for nice ranch place, $20; house-
keeper Vallejo, $12; French housegirl for Cal-
lstoga' $25. see lady here, and a great many
glrie ror light places, $12 to $15 to $20. C. R.
HJffS'SEN & CO.. 104 Q>ary st.
2 SECOND girls, $15; S cooks, $26; 2 nurse-
girls, $12 and $15; several girls for housework
and to assist. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin 6t.
WANTED— A neat, reliable American or Ger-
man girl for general housework In small fara-
1 lly; good plain cook; wages }12. 602 Oak st
HELP WANTED- Continued.
LAUNDRESS, country hotel, $25; waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; girls for house-
work, Jamestown and other country WWTtty,
$20;- laundress, plain hotel, city, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— young American girl for light
housework; must know how to do plain
cooking. 507 Octavia st. _____
GIRL or elderly woman for light housework
and care of children; wages $12. Call at 226
Third St., bakery.
WANTED— Respectable girl for housework In
small family; wages $15. 710 Cole st., near
the Chutes.
WANTED— A woman for very light housework.
10 Steuart et., upstairs. ___
WANTED— A g-irl for general housework;
wages $15. 1614 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to do light
housework: $7 a month. 23G Fourth st.
WANTED— GirI to assist with U_ht house-
work; wages $S. 2936 Sixteenth st.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework;
small family. 2527 Pine st.
EXPERIENCED pants operator wanted; steady
work. 227 Fifth st. __
GIRL for general housework. 2112 Stelner St.,
near California^
WANTED— Ladies and girls to do piecework at
home; embroidery taught. 546 Sutter st.
GOOD girl for light housework; wages $8. 1145^4
Mission st.
FINISHER on pants. 136 Natoma st
GIRL for housework; sleep home; $12 a month.
1706 Washington Bt., near Polk. ___
YOUNG girl for light housework. 91S Sanchea
St., near Twenty-second.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. Ap-
ply In butcher's shop, 2SO7V& California st.
NEAT girl for general housework: reference-
required; wages $15 to $20. Call 3696 17th.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress; must make good but-
ton holes on fine coats. 118 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply, with references, 3448 20th, after 9 a, m.
WANTED— GirI to learn dressmaking. 337
Eddy st.
WANTED— Young German girl; wages $10. Call
502 Fifth st. m
YOUNG- girl to take care of baby and do light
housework. Box 1909, Call.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats; good
__wagea and steady work. 138 Rubs st.
WANTED— A girl about 16 to take care of a
child. 1*29 Post st.
APPRENTICE on fine coats; must have ex-
perience. 26 Montgomery St., rooms 1-2.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for good
home; small wages. 1537 _chiller St., Ala-
meda; broad gause.
YOUNG girl to do light housework. Cull 4011
_JElghteenth Ft.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work; good plain cooking: wages $18 to $20,
417 Central aye., near Hayes St.
APPRENTICES wanted on silk waists. 404
Turk St., room 13.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted. 428 Val-
lejo st.
YOUNG lady for clerk in bookstore; must b_
experier.ced : give references, names of for-
mer employers and state salary desired. Box
2104, Call office.
SKIRT finishers; only first class need apply.
ARMAND CAILLEAU, corner Geary st. and
Grant aye.
EXPERIENCED tucker; also hands on mus-
lin underwear and skirts: power. BAUER
BROS. & CO.. 547 Market st.
PLEASANT, profitable employment for wo-
man of education. Apply 1203H Bush st.
WANTED— At once; lady and gent; pleasant
work: good wages; experience not necessary.
136 Sixth St.. room 2.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply; embroidery taught. 546 Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position-
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshirts; *
few inexperienced hands taken and taught
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. 36*4 Fremont st.
LEARN sewing at KEISTERS; good poslUo__;
patterns. ICe up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WAKTED-MAtC.
WANTED— First-class American bookkeeper,
stenographer and typewriter, single man, $75;
6 coal miner?, $1 ton, and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS steward, $50 and found: oyster
opener, $35; third cook, $35; German second
cook, $25 and room; waiter, $S week: porter*,
"' dishwashers, bell boys and errand boys. Ap-
; ply to T. F. CROSETT & CO.. Sacra-
mento st. ■
MURRAY & READY -Phone, Main 6543.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want, Monday, 7 a. m.,
3 carpenters, steady Job ■ $2 50 a day;
3 shingle packers. •• 
8 farm hands, different places.
• 2 milkers $25 and $30 and found.
■ Farmer and wife easy Job
2 beys to learn city trades.
65 tie makers Be, : lie and 12c each.
10 Italian laborers : $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
— — — 634 and 636 Clay st. -
COOKS— — -' Walters Dishwashers.
9 cooks, $55, $40, $30, $25 and found: 8 waiters,
: $30, $25 and $20 and found; 5 dishwashers, $23,
$20 and $15 and found.
Barber, country -Tailor, country.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS Bell boys Grocery boys.
2 . bakers' helpers, $40 and $20 and found.
2 door boys for hotel $10 and found.
Grocery boy, or young ma*). $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
LAUNDRYMAN, country hotel, $25 and found;
boy for city butcher's shop, $4 week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. ,
TO the great yards and sawmills, 25 laborers,
■ no experience required. ••■•
— . -$26 and found. •
MURRAY & READY, •
634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 " Geary St.—
• Wanted. Office open Monday, 7 a. m.
Teamsters, coast road Free fare.
-, Laborers, . cross ■ cutters and swampers, $28
to $35 a month and board; part fare ad-
vanced. ■ - ■ ,
Farmer and wife, $50 and found; woman
must be able to cook for tw«nty ranch hands,
wash and make butter; steady place. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. • ...
FRENCH second cook. $70; cooks, $30, $40 and
$50; broiler, hotel. $40; waiters. $6 and $11 a
week and $40 a month; waiter, country hotel,
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FLANNEL washer. $20 and found: washer, $35
and found; 2 laundrymen to run a country
hotel laundry. $70 and found; 2 Japanesa
laundrymen for an Institution. $45 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
COLORED butler; $40. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
104 Geary st. .
BUTCHER for a large mining boarding-house,
must be able to kill. cut, put up calves', pigs*
feet etc $65 and found; butcher, neat young
man', mostly cutting for a «>™try S hop, see
party here. $40 and found. C. R. HANbEN _i
CO.. 104 Geary st. -'..-" .
WAT bell boy, with references, $20 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NTBD— Monday morning, hotel and restau-
V»nt helD family servants, farmers, etc. Ex-
a^lne list at ANDRE'S. 316- Stockton st. ;
PORTER MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RECRUITS wanted for . the United States ' Ma-
rine Corps,' United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared. their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-,
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis Bt.,
! '. San Francisco. Cal. - '
ELDERLY man for night watching. 421 Bush
street. ■ " \ • '. "■ ■&■
TAILOR not far from city. , Apply from 12 to \
at 626 Natoma st. ■ .
BARBER wanted steady. 407 Bush st.
GOOD finishers on custom coats; good wages; ■
r steady work. 409 : Clementina st. t
FIRST - CLASS shoemaker on second-hand
shoes; steady work; good wages. 30S Sixth st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job. 131 Third
street. : . ■ , : '.■;
2 ■ PAINTERS I wanted at . Twenty-second and
Florida sts. .; .: -, .- . . } ; .
TO - tailors— First-class coatmaker wanted for
outside. ■; 428 Montgomery st. •■'-■'
FIRST-CLASS candy-maker; must understand i
his i business. gCHAEFER.r 22 Sixth st.
YOUNG man to wait on ' table, $6 " week; res-
taurant. 233 Sixth st.
BOY to work few hours : in cigar-stand; must
l . be well > recommended. ; r 301 Sixth st.
WANTED— must speak • German. Room,
; ; 4. JOHN HUSCHLER. 235 Kearny st. ;
WANTED— A first-class coatmaker; price $8 .
* up; j steady job to right man. ;. Apply by let- :
ter. J. ROBERTSON, Merchant Tailor, F!a-
. cerville, Cal. . . ;,
12 i TOUNG . men 1 for i work 'on " ships: no ■ expe-
. ;.: rlence necessary. y At. HERMAN' S, 26 Steuart.
PRESSERS; i also operators *on custom r pants.
923H Folsom ■ st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. ' S.
I FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.HELP WANTED- Continued.
WANTED— Laborers "and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week,
AN energetic, sober ji»d steady tailor with
small capital as partner in one of the best
country towns. Apply C. W. R. FORD &
CO.. 116 Sutter st.
AMATEUR musicians ror social purposes. 828
Bush St., third floor, room 4.
BARBER shop running 2 ohairs. clearing $20
a week, with 3 rooms, furniture; will give
trial. Box 1544. Call office.
WANTED — Harness makers and stitchers.
Leibold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin st.
"COAL Tnlners wanted. Tesla Coal Company,
32S Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
rED-At Montana House, V64H Mission
st.. men to take roomp; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
_ — »
TRY Lindell House. Sixth & Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms; 15c, 25c night
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. S63V. Market St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
!MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 1381. Eighth st.
.-ANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
AILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE' B. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 2.-.c night Rosedale House. S2l Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenter- coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WI CHESTER House. 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
kt: 2GO rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'kua and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
«^_!i'. Sent to any address in th» United
Ftatf . nostr-ald. for S\ fifl n year.
AGENTS \V AX T I U .
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
Ith Spain— Causes. Incidents and Results."
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry 3. Russell. Sen.
Proctor <Yt.> and Sen. Thuraton ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers
vTORTHINCTON & CO.. Hartford, Conn.
FEW canvassers for towns around the bay: big
returns. Room 14, 606 Montgomery st.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle cood speclal-
tv: ]U.=t in. Greater Went Advertising * Nov-
-ltv Co.. ii",u Washington rt.. Oakland.
\VAVI_D— MISCELLANEOUS.
TO RENT— Photo gallery anywhere In Cal. by
flrst-class workman. Box 1525, Call Office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC aatl magic lantern appa-
rmtuy. second-hnn'l IW Montgomery ot.
*<i.Ui JJOL___ l.'Olt »A — _.
A— KREDO & CO™.rr*."!T7rr.Tr22vi" Geary" st
Money Advanced on All Houses.
.' rooms; Leavenworth st. : all new and
clean; carpets good; clears 525.. $325
12 rooms; Market st. ; easily worth $10C0
will clear $05. 450
13 rooms; newly furnished and well rented;
$350 cash, balance time 600
14 rooms; near City Hall; always full;
clears $75 800
17 rooms; very elegant; central; best tran-
sient in city 850
23 rooms; Fifth St.; rent $45; monthly re-
ceipts $120; a snap .— 600
105 rooms; clears $3000 yearly; best-known
house in city; always full 4000
$s('O — 37 rooms; best 25c and 50e transient;
clears $100. KREDO & CO 22Vs.Uf>ary st.
$1200—36 ROOMS; business corner; exchange for
small house; no caeh required. KREDO _ CO.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; Mission; ex-
change for lodging-house. KREDO & CO.,
22 J i Geary st.
12 ROOMS on Market; rent $40 $450
65-room house; cost $8000; only 3£oo
14-room house; transient 400
64-room house; clears $300 1400
10-room house; only 150
11 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner 1200
U rooms; clears $100 600
14 rroms on Powell St.; new 650
22 rooms near City Hall 600
CO rooms; clears $1CO; only 750
10 rooms: all rented: business street BUu
•• 100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. _>ECKER.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
BE sure and see the following bargains:
8 rooms; new furniture; part cash $500
14 ro<yns; near Powell st. : Al furniture.. 800
'24 rooms; rent $61; part cash 86*
25 mv; offices; near Chronicle: fine 1000
X rooms; rent ■'.■■■ ; corner; only ." S5O
67 roon'.s; rent $125; clears $175 net 1500
WINSTON & CO., 645 Market st.
80 ROOMS: north of Market Et.; fine.... $150-)
76 rooms: select: llent; corner 3500
2S rooms: rent $35 550
37 rooms; north of Market: clears $125.... 1600
10 rooms: all new furniture COO
IF YOU WILL CALL ON U8 WE WILL
BUTT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms.: Hyde 5t.. 5250115 rm_.; Post 5t.... $600
16 rms.; Thirl St.. 275! 37 rms.; Howard... 700
r ■■ rms.; Geary st. 600150 rms.; Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
25 ROOMS; sunny corner: cleara $100 $1250
21 rocms: fine location: clears $75 700
CO rooms; best transient; clears $200 2500
Some fine city and country hotels for eale
nn.l rent; loans negotiated. EITEL. 1016 Mkt.
$300 WILL buy a 16-room house, clears $S0
per months. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$400— ■ NNY corner;' ls rooms: worth $1000.
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— ROAD house; best In the State. DECKER.
• 1020 Market st.
MRS. A. M. ELKINS, M 7 Market st, room 410;
'phone so_lh 760— Rooming and boarding
houses, private Hbuses and hotels; best loca-
tions; city real estate; room renting, fur-
nished houses, etc.: prompt and reliable; call
V.' ANTED— To buy lodging house: 25 to 35
. rooms; no a«er- Address box 1540, Call.
23-ROOM lodging house; central location: doing
goofi business: a bargain. Box 1530, Call.
PARTY wishes to buy or sell lodging house
and other rii-.sir.es?. BASILK. 873 V. Market St.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
_,]^_Thf> furniture In a 5-rOOtn fiat on
Van Neas aye.; tired of housekeeping: every-
thing In first-class order. Addreas box 1929,
Call efflce.
DENTISTS.
A MFTAL plate for the same price an rub-
ber- lull B<?t of teeth, $5: crowns. $2; ail-
lngs, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee, for ten years given on all
work- no students employed; extracting free
when' plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason St.
A FULL eet of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates- light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine J«eek dentist,
discoverer of oalnless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved. bridge work or teeth with-
out plate. remo\'pd from 6 to 20 Q Farrell st
FFT of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver. 25c
ud- brldgewcrk; plates repaired; all work
»alnle«s and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 969 Mission st.. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth $5 up: fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st.. 'corner Sixth.
BET of teeth, $4i filling, gold 60c, silver 25c:
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Paris
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st.
r»R LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Fleventh- crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reaßonahle; r,aa given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. .
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk St.
HORSES.
«T HORSES of every description at Emporium
EaUsyards, 220 Valencia St.. between - Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harnegs, etc.. at your own prto.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggiei.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 527 Sixth; auction -sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived — carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salegyards. 721 Hrward.
——————
bicttcijm.
tICCOND-HAND bicycles from $9 up; new _lrls"
wheels, $1S; new 1897 hig:h grade $100 breyele
for $23; lew tires, $2; new pedals, $i 25 a pair;
repairing*. JOSEPH HOLLE. 2tth and Folsom.
FOP. SALE— Ladies' bicycle. Call at 1746 Fol-
fi.m -t.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
. Advice and medicine, $1 50; open 9:30 to 6. 997
Market, cor, 6th, opp. Welnstock & Lubln'n.
gTOUAG _
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main S7IS.
BUSnfBM CHANCES.'
A— LIST your etoie. property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. the
old established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy. in country towns..
A— slsoo; SHOE store; 1 block from City Hall;
splendid paying; stock _>jrth the money;
owner bought ranch. • WIDKE & UNFUG, 906
Market st. '
$500; CORNER saloon; doing a splendid
business; close to Call building; rarest offer
in the market. WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market St. -
A— (360; OLD established restaurant In whole-
sale district; no Sunday or nTght work; a
well known and first-class paying place: a
genuine good bargain: sickness cause of sale.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market _t.
A— ssoo; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; living rooms; rent $27 50; stock worth
the money; owner must sacrifice: bought
ranch. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$7.-.o— HALF of well paying, pleasant commis-
sion business; or wilt trade for Al Oakland
_buslneßS. Inquire WILKE A UNFUG.
i $650; CORNER grocery and bar, with ele-
! gant living rooms; low rent; first-class, pay-
ing; sickness only compels owner to sacrince.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo; coal and -->odyard; established many
years.; doing a splendid raying • business;
horses and wagons; lease; rent $2o; death of
owner cause of sale; a genuine good Invest-
ment Particulars WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market st ■ ,
I $375— BA.KERY and confectionery: flrst-class
business; splendid store trade; trial given; a
bargain for somebody. Inquire Wl_K._ &
UNFUO, 906 Market st.
I SALOON; one of the best locations In
cltv; doing a good business; fine fixtures;
good bar trade. M. LESS _ CO.. 765, Market.
1 *IT5— PARTNER wanted in old established sa-
I loon situated in good locality; fine fixtures;
good stock; everything In first-class order;
i see this at once. __ LESS & " ■-■ 765 Market.
: $2500— CORNER grocery and bar north of Mar-
ket st.; established for 30 years; horses and
wagon. LKSS & CO.. 765 Market st.
SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms; between chops f™**** o *,}?*'-
part cash; see this at once. LESS _ t-0.,
; 765 Market st. ■ ,
'■ A FEW of STENBERG CO. BARGAINS:
$800— Partner; livery stable.
$250— Delicacy store.
$900— corner saloon.
$400— Partner; paying restaurant.
; jfioo— Cigar store; full value in stock.
$1000— Partner In auction house.
$150— Oyster grotto; rent $15; a snap.
\\> geil and exchange real estate
and business places of all kinds
BTENBERO CO.. -BVi Kearny St.
WE have buyers to invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$2cO— PARTNER wanted in beer bottling busl-
ness; have over 3» customers; fine horses,
waeons. etc.; sure to clear $75 per month to
each. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$250— SALOON on Market St.; clears $75 per
! month easy; must be sold this week on ac-
' count of departure; cheap at $500; never such
': bargain offered. National Agency. 7 Grant ay.
I $2CO— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225— grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$175— Branch bakery; Market st.: rent $15.
$200— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$125— BRANCH bakery; pays well; big bargain.
National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
A— WE offer to-day the following:
' Saloon near Market; Al place; $l.'oo— Sa-
loon among wholesale houses, splendid busi-
ness; Saloon on Fourth st, best loca-
tion; $650— Saloon in country town, a bargain;
$500— Cigar stand, full value in stock, down-
town; $:.'SO— Cigar stand on Market st_, promi-
nent location; $850— German book s|tire and
route of periodicals; $750— Milk route, fully
equipped, trial given. WERTHEIM _
KEKTH. 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
A— KREDO & CO 224, Geary st
$12^0— Delicatessen; fine stock of Imported
goods; best location in city; worth $-000.
$400— Corner grocery ■ and bar; living rooms;
value in stock; look at this.
$450— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; central;
worth $1000; cheap rent; clears $100.
$300— Branch bakerj\ laundry office and dairy
products; best In Mission; make offer.
CORNER grocery and bar. bargain; death
In the family cause of sale. McLALGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market gt.
CORNER saloon; a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market et.
$1250 WILL buy hotel and lot; well furnished;
worth $2500. MCLAUGHLIN, 777 Market st.
$3CO— GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; sell-
Ing on account of sickne_. N. LOWEN-
STEIN. 1023 M: Market St.
$175— GROCERY and bar: bargain; account
sickness. N. LOEWENSTEIN. 1023* Market.
FIRST-CLASS candy store; doing extra fine I
buslnees; guaranteed to clear $100 month; all I
choice goods; no opposition. JONES, 865 Mkt.
$175— PARTNER wanted: old-established corner
ealoon; centrally located: doing good busi-
ness; $10 to $19 day; cheap rent. Inquire
JONES, 865 Market st _________
$3CO— SALOON; 2 blocks south 6f Market Bt.;
long established; doing steady business; cheap
rent. F. C. WENTWORTH & CO., 783V4
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS down-town saloon. Inquire of
P. CHAUSLINS, Crown Distilleries, 100
Front st. "
BAKERY: only store trade; cash business;
with a fine, n»w brick ov»n. Apply at Call.
WORKING partner in paying business; secur-
ity for caeh invested. 434^ Jessie st.
COFFEE and chop house for Bale; cheap. 324
Larkln st. . - -
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest In best
paying restaurant in Oakland; present owner
th<-re 7 years; reason for change, has whol*>-
6_fe business In San Francisco: clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest Investigation and
trial before buying. Owner. Call, Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved or unim-
proved property, a business selling store and
office fixtures, doors and sash. Apply JOS.
SCHEERER, 23 Tenth st.
S27S— BAKERY, delicatessen store for sale; do-
ing cash business; reason for selling, other
business to attend to; 3 living rooms. Box
1908, Call office. -
PARTY having $300 to lnveei In a legitimate
business project can make $1500 in eight
months: money secured. Address box 1913.
Call office.
LADY of ability with some means wishes edu-
cated lady having equal amount to Join her
In lucrative enterprise. Box 1904, Call office.
$150— PARTNER, to open produce store; fine
location; no experience required. Address
box 1522, Call office.
BRANCH bakery and lunch parlor for sale
on account of Blckness; rent cheap. 1129
Mission st.
$150— BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location; living rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove
Bt., Oakland.
EXPRESS business cheap; account of sick-
ness. 235 Dorland - 1 ., bet. Church and San-
chez. . /
FOR SALE and to rent, wood and coal yard.
,433 Stevenson st.; apply upstairs.
SHOE store, with or without stock, for sale.
4102 Nineteenth, St.
M'F'G business; small capital; protected ar-
ticle: big possibilities. 612 Examiner bldg.
CHANCE for any bright business man; will
sell half interest In cash commission bunlnes»;
no night or Sunday work; seller In business
for 25 years and retiring. Box 15G."). Call. i
$150— HOME bakery; sickness cause of selling;
low rent; good location. Box 1542. Call office..
GOOD business chance— Restaurant and 8-room
lodging-house for sale; cheap. Call or ad-
dress 325^ Fourth st.
FOR SALE— collateral loan business In
mining city of 10,000 population. Inquire of
MRS. G. 8. HOWE, Grass Valley. Cal.
$185— FRUIT and grocery store; fine business;
horse and wagon. 1678 Mission st.
COFFEE tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
fupplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beali* nt.
■--' EDUCATIONAL. »
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
k»eDir.K business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages. English branches;
plectrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying assaying, etc.; 29 teachers; 1100 grad-
uate" placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYKES 1 Busin7ss College, 723 Market st; indi-
vldual instruction In shorthand, typing book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low rates
per week and month. •
tv<;tructlON— Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin etc. THE MISSER LANE. 3541 Twenty-
fourth gt., near Sanchet. -
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
■ imr mech survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
: esf; 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY..6A Hyde.
SA-TfRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
8 ket st ; ; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
1 16 yra. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation. practically
taught: chort time. Tarr. r,,2 Parrott bldg.
- TYl'_ WRITERS.
ALL ipewrlters^soid and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: «end for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Califraph, ; $16: Yost. $25;
gtt s__pl« work. SCOTT. 33J Montgomery st j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI_I_, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
j AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison st.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 bte-room house, good repair, $13:
i water free; big yard; big cellar.
I NEWLY fitted up residence, 13 sunny rooms;
bath; large yard; corner Van Ness aye. and
Broadway; rent $50. Apply on premises be-
tween 11 a. m. and 2 p. nu
PERRY. 208, near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $S; water free. App'.y to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
! 2 HOUSES. 2639 and 2641 Sacramento st., near
Steiner— Each 6 rooms, bath, laundry; recently
cleaned throughout; rear entrance on Perrlne
St.; conveniently near business portion Fill-
more St.; 3 lines cars; rent $27 50.
i $16 — CHEAP; 6 rooms, bath; lower part. 12
Guy place, off First gt.. above Folsom.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A^-THREE lovely 6-room, bath, yard cottages
for $12 each. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
HOI'SE of 5 rooms, stable and chicken houses;
low rent; water free. 521 Thirtieth st^
NEW sunny 4-room cottage: all modern Im-
provements. 2~'?.?> Mission st.
$6— SUNNY cottage. 5 rooms: Roscoe St., off
Crescent aye. Apply at 66 Silver st., off Third.
TO LET— Pretty sunny corner cottage; 6 rooms?
and bath: nicely furnished; rent $25. G. W.
H. PATTERSON & C 0... 1709 Market st.
I UNION, 1112— Bay window. 5 rooms, bath, $13;
lli? Union, 4-room flat. $9.
I $10— NEAT cottage 4 rooms and yard. 1705
Turk st., corner Scott^
FURBISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat: 4 or 5 rooms; complete for
housekeeping. 907% Mission st.
SMALL flat, 4 nicely furnished sunny rooms,
nl \y. J - <;»*nry st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE clean flat; 4 rooms; near Ellis and
Mason; $15. SPECK & CO., 602 Market s^
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
flat; 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sunny side.
DORE. 319, bet. Bryant and Brannan — Sunny
flat: f'rat floor; 4 rooms.
FLAT of 4 nice sunny rooms and large yard.
71 L* "lementina st., bet. Sth and Sth; rent $12.
FLAT, 5 rooms, bath and stable. 18 Byington
st. ; apply 1621 O" Farrell st.
FOLSOM and Twenty-first sts., next to corner
$18; flat of 5 rooms and bath.
GROVE. ?05, near Franklin — 6 large rooms and
bath; fine condition; all n.odern Improve-
ments; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 1021, above Baker— Nice sunny 5 or
6 room flat; will be newly painted.
HAMPTON place, 19, off Folsom, between Sec-
ond and Third— Floor of 4 rooms, yard.
HAVES, 539- Branch office of The Cali. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
LEAA'ENWORTH. 1519— Upper flat of 6 rooms;
gas; bath: rent $16.
LYON, 617, near McAllister— Sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath: $22 50.
MAN and wife would like parties to rent part
of flat. Box 1531, Call office.
MINNA, 904. near Tenth— Flat, four rooms and
bath.
STEINER 112J* — Modern flat, 5 rooms; bath;
water free. Call 1818 Ellis St.
BUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 5 rooms: cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
TI'RK. 1711 M. dern flat, 5 rooms; bath; sunny
yard; lanre basement. Key corney grocery.
TWENTY-SECOND. 35S3— Nice sunny flat; 5
rooms and l.ath; rent $14^
UNION, 1350— Su^ny upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath: nice view; rent cheap.
UPPER flat; 5 rooms. 7 Vassar place, off Har-
rison, between Second and Third.
UPPER flat; i Choice sunny rooms: pantry,
storeroom. $12. 2419 Clay st., near FUlmore.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN &. HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
SUNNY upper flat. 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1130 Mission st.. near Seventh; $17
TO LET— 2 flats; modern Improvements; will
let cheap; 4 rooms. 3176 A Sixteenth et.. near
Guerrero. ■
2OR S unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
$10— LOWER flat 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl st.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$13^F_AtF of 4 rooms. 125 Page st.. between
Gough and Octavla.
$14—-BUNNY flat, 6 rooms. 724 Harrison St., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
Sin MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
t|nn» and want ada taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Maeon, 225— Nicely furnished rms. for hkpg,
complete, $3 50 week; single rooms. $1 50 up.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fall— Front parlor;
kitchen; gas stove and bedroom; $14.
EDDY 207— Nice sunny double room 6. house-
keeping, $8. $9, $10, $11 and $12; gas, bath;
quiet house.
EDDY 917— Beautifully furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; private resi r
dence.
EIGHTH, 14— Sunny front parlor, with one or
two bedrooms and kitchen; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; private family; bath.
ELLIS. 582— Housekeeping; 4 sunny unfurnish-
ed rooms; call 1 to 4.
ELLTS. 806— Sunny basement room and kitchen;
cheap.
FIFTH. 221— Housekeeping rooms and others;
all cheap and sunny^
FIFTH 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath: private; $11.
FIFTH 363— Furnished housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath, $20; aIBO 3, $12; single, $S.
FOLSOM, 953—2 front rooms for housekeeping;
furnished.
GEARY 556 -Elegant sunny suite parlors for
doctor or artist: also sunny housekeeping and
other rowis.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050— 2 sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove, bath and free telephone.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
GROVE, 1424, bet. Broderlck and Baker— 3
sunny rooms for lady and gentleman.
HOWARD, 626— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
oonipiete; and others reasonable.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
and housekeeping rooms and transient.
HOWARD, 1068— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD, 1324—2 back rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, $12.
HOWARD. 2008, near Sixteenth— Front room
furnished for housekeeping; bath and gas.
HYDE, 232— Complete bedroom and kitchen for
housekeeping; also other rooms; $5 up.
LEAVENWORTH, 1015—3 unfurnished connect-
ing basement rooms; bath; rent $10.
LEWIST 18. "ff Taylor, near Post— Furnished
room and kitchen; reasonable.
MISSION, 1063— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water: cheap.
MISSION. UtStt — Nlcalv furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; $6 M and T9.
MISSION, 1217-Sunny front suites complete
for housekeeping; $12, "4 and $16.
MISSION, 1241—2 or 3 rooms and alcove; fur-
nished; stove; garden; reasonable; private.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite furnished for light
housekeeping; running water; stove.
NINTH. 113. near Mission— Front room and
kitchen; private, family; $12.
NINETEENTH, 3267, near Howard — 2 rooms
completely furnished for housekeeping; bath,
cheap; more for companion.
NINETEENTH, 4059, near Castro — 4 unfur-
nished bay-window rooms. '
OCTAVIA. 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no chlldren ;
POLK. 522— Furnished or unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
POLK, 1643, -irner Clay— 2 large, newly fur-
nished, sunny fr.<nt rooms: housekeeping; $15.
SEVENTH. 328'_— Flat of S nice rooms; rent
cheap to small family.
SEVENTH, 551— 55 50; 2 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: in rear.
SIXTH, 186— Furnished room; light house-
keeping allowed; single room, $1 week.
SIXTH, 480 — Sunny bay-window rooms, closets,
running water and bath; also single rooms.
TENTH, 136- -2 sunny, back, furnished house-
keeping rooms; yard; also front room: grate.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping: also oth»r rooms.
TURK, 126—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekpg; closet; running water; no < htldren.
TURK, 203— Elegant sunny front parlors for
housekeeping; also single.
TWELFTH, 145, cor. Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooniH; complete for housekeeping.
UNION. 1106—2 furnished rooms; stove; sink;
hot and cold water; bath; yard; $10.
HOUSEKEEPING Continued.
VAN NESS. 300— Elegant sunny suite complete
. housekeeping; bath; gas; others; reasonable.
VAN NESS. 518—2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; $15. ■■ -'. ■ ~ '
______________ ______
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON • House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
eunny rooms, en suite or single; • flrst-claa*
In every respect; terms reasonable. .
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; day. 25c; to 50c. ...
BALBOA The 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day: leas
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post st, 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired..
BRYANT. — Nicely furnished room suita-
ble for gentleman.. . : ■ .
BUSH, 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms. '-'.'■■•*
CALIFORNIA, S32— Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen: board If desired.
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and doubla rms. ; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front room; also suite and
single; reasonable prices. >
FOURTH. Nice sunny rooms; Bingle , or
double. ; • ; . ■ '
GEARY. Rooms single or en suite; fur-
nished or unfurnished. _^
GLOB_! House, ' l-'2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GEARY, 610-^Large newly furnished bay-win-
5 dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
Eln£le; elevator: moderate rates: families. •
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming hou_e; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRIET. ♦ 15. oil Howard, near Sixth—
furnished bedroom; cheap
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor—
suites ami singl. rms.; traslent. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 959— Sunny front room for a gen-
tleman; private family: $6 a month.
HOWARD, 1072— Nice sunny front room suita-
ble for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family. -
HYDE, 134 C —Large, sunny room; marine view;
two gentlemen or suitable for studio.
JONES, 117— Large sunny front room; folding
. bed; extra bed if desired; private.
MARKET. 1007 V— Changed hands; suites or sla-
gle; reas. MR"s. KITTY DOWNING. PrOp.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— furnished bay- :
window room, $1 per week; transient. ■
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights; day. week or month. -
POLK, 607— Sunny furnished rooms; running
water; large closet; reas.;, gents preferred.
POST, — Frcm Ito 6 connecting newly fitted
up sunny unfurnished- rooms; extra conven-
ient for housekeeping; reasonable. ;
POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or Bingle; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnlshed rooms; second floor; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 1603— Sunny corner suite; new ;
flat; rent reasonable. :
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard tGirard House)—
Sunny rooms: jj-asonable : also housekeeping.
KHFRMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and nfurr.ished. ■
SHOTW— 121— Sunny, furnished" -front j
room and bath; $3 50 a month. _^^ 1
SIXTH, . 393, corner Harrison— front
rooms furnished for housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 472, corner Sl_th— eunny suites,
front on Sixth st; also other nice rooms;
cheap and transient ■
SUTTER. 1128— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
overlooking garden, with board. '
SUTTER. 1148, cor. Polk— Newly furnished
suites & single; also suite for doctor's office.
TAYLOR, 323— Newly furnished Bunny rooms •
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; single rms.- light hkpg. j
TAYLOR. 624, corner ' Sutter— Sunny rooms,
with or without board; elegant doctor's offices.
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth Bt. corner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5 '
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pass
house direct from all' boats and trains.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp.Gough —
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
WASHINGTON, Changed hands; renovat-
ed; sunny unfurn. rms.; offices; run. water.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDING houses flr.il It to 'their advantage i
to buy meat at the Bay City Market
BUSH, 822— New management; elegant room
and board, $25; hot and cold water; private.
EDDY, 628 (Irvlngdale) — frotrt bay-win-
dow suits; best board; $40 up; single, $20 up.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up. .
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
ing: parlor: piano; bath: gents; special rates.
SOUTH PARK, Furnished room, with
board, $4 and $5; home cooking.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Sunny rurnlshed suites
and single rooms: flr»t-"lass table board.
-;. CHILDREN HOARDED.
1 CHILD to board; good home and mother's
■care; no 'Other children. 818 Chester St.,
Oakland. ; - : » • ■ > . -
WANTED— ChiId to board; nice home; 1 block j
from school; $8 per month; music. 1414 !
Twenty-first aye.. E. Oakland: call mornings.
CAR— of Infant or. small child by responsible
lady;. terms reasonable. Box 1539. Call office.
STORES TO LET.'
BARBER shop to let or good place for sh»e
store. 1223 Polkjit , .
FlFTH, '3s3— Store and rooms; yard; $15; good i
for _i«i_iiiiii->» or other bustneas.
PACIFIC. 328, near Sansome — Handsome large
store; very cheap to good tenant.
STORE and 2 room?, Jl6. Twenty-first and
Folsom sts. ; good location.
6TORE corner Lafayette and Howard: fixtures
for saloon. Apply 2538 Mission Bt. : j
TO Let— Small Btore, 226 Ellis st., $15. Apply I
next door at jev.eler. ; : .. •
~\ OFFICES TO LET. ■ ' ■ ~~~
EMMA SPR_CKELs"bullding. 927 Market St.;
light heat, janitor and telephone; renta $12 50
,to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MARKET. 1C32, near Mason— suite, first
floor: for doctor or business; reasonable.
STAIILES TO ; LET.
STABLE to let; 16 ptalls. Inquire 410 Bay nt.
SIUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are eelllng good upright pianos for JJ
cash nnd $6 per month, we a3k you to lnvsetl-
- g«te and approve this method; -irlces are th»
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy,
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 an 1
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner • Kearny and Sutter
•t».. San Francisco, and Thirteenth acd
Broadway. Oakland. ■ :. "•.-..
ABSOLUTELY • the oldest and largeut hoiisn :
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
•11 ether musical instruments of al'. grades
and prices: terms easy; prices (cwest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the j
■"• customer. . ' ■ ' : .'. ■••■' ' ■ : ' ■-, |
YOU want a ' piano. Why not call on us? !
SCOTT. CUHTAZ PIANO CO. Wo rent, we 1
nell, we buy for ca3h. We own our own I
building. We guarantee anything purchased j
from us for. ten years. , 526 Hayes st.
BENJ. CURTAZ _: SON, sole agents for Chick- j
cring, Steck, Vose nnd Sterling pianos; easy 1
payments. 18 O'Farrell st. >
DECKER & SON pianos the lead, as they
.are belt in quality, ton« and finish; prices are
low. MATJVAI3. 7C9 Market st. .
BARGAIN: good Stelnway. upright; cheap, j
SCHMITZ, 18 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank. j
UPRIGHT piano: cost new $300; 5 month-
ly installments. ■ 1115 Fost st ,;^ • »
A SLIGHTLY used high grade piano; secrlflced
for cash. ; Room 10, Flood ' building.
AN elegant Btelnway. ' upright ■ for $250 ' cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mau-y. 808 Post st. , -' ' .
HAINES' Bros, and other flrst-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post. !
NEARLY new upright piano cheap;, brilliant. \
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 Me AllUter. -.-
"AD", smalleet; prices lowest: uprights. $1i _p;
rents $2 up. ■ HEINE. 136 Ellis 6t; , . ,
KNABE pianos; new scale; new ityles.l KOH-
■■ LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ■•■■ ■ - .
fcUPERIOR > violins, zithers, old and , new. . H.
, MULLER.. maker, repairer.; 2 Latham place.
i ' MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
' Want ads and ' subscriptions taken. :; '■-. ■/ ;
I'EBSOXALSj.
"PLAIN Talk to Women on Avoided Subjects."
First American translation of the French. See
large advertisement In to-day'.g Call, page 6.
LEDERER'S Quinonia hair tonic should be
; applied until thehalr stops falling out; the
only cure; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton st. .'
LEDERER. the leading -hairdresser, charges
• 25c for the latest fads In hairdressing;- em-
ploys only artists; you are sure of being
pleased with the result. 123 Stockton st.
WANTED— Lady players, orchestral ■'■ Instru-
ments, to join orchestral society. Apply from
5 to 6 p. m., MISS HUBERT, 1631 Broadway.
WANTED— To communicate with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have been In-
duced to pay money In consideration of be-
ing appointed agents for a composition styled
1 Malvina Cream. Address P. O. box 2187. City.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House 44 Third st.. near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
treatment $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
. prices reduced, at HODGE'S, 905 Market St.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute ". Toothache
-■■ Drops; for sale by all druggist*; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N.Y.. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRSv DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on ea^y installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market 6t.. bet. 7th and Bth.
~ ~ DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught: S.
F Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house ROWIIB, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits: men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
TAYLOR, 238— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
uig; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
ppeclalty; reasonable. ■■
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rms. 14-15.
CLAIRV O V
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will chew you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family trouble, restore Icrt affec-
tions unites v the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasure.?,
minerals; tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guarantee^
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spec-
ial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MME. LEXEMAR, fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted rescue passengers steamer Gold, '74.
23% Sixth St.. room 3. _
MME HANSON, palmist and card reader-
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth, ria. 18.
CONSULT the lucky medium; 25c. 349V4 Minna
street". .--':; . ■ . - •__
MME. R VENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 250 up. 5 Fourth st.
MME ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
t*l!er. has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell Et.
-IRITIiALISM.
• attention! ; ""
Returned.
MBS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returnei from her Alaska tour, and b»gs
to Inform her patients, both old and new. that
she has opened offices at The Vendome, lli>4
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and Instantly gives yon peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you j
utter a wbrd she tells you In fullof all that
you are Interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies. • ■
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures j which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
,' Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1 1104 Market st. (The Vendome). . j
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fail; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium' & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027% Mrkt.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all;-,Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st..
~~ MEDICAL..
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
all female diseases from whatever' cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will . find her a
true friend; home for patients with every :
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS. '
DR. QWYER. 510 Eddy st. ■
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skilifu! medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. 'DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladles only Dr. and Mrs. M. Jiavles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; dlEgrace
avoided,; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market
Et.; pills, |l; very strong, }2. ■ ■
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- |
tlvely safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
i NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter /rom what eauM and how lon.T standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1: cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
BE UP TO DATE.
Read the famous French book,'
"Plain Talk to Women on Avoided Subjects."
Three million copies sold in France during
the year 1837. Better than all monthly regu- '
lators. etc., combined. See advertisement in ;
to-day's Call, page 6. ■■',
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free: confidential: hours, 9 a. m. to
r, p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and -attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted' Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe^cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BTtOS.. Coart Agents. Oakland. Cnl.
" FOR AIISCKI.L.AXEOU9.
GREAT bargain; an almost' new rubb«r-tlred
business buggy. 510 Golden Gate aye., be-
tween Polk Et.'and^Van Ness aye. ,
A NEW sealskin; latest style: price $90; cost j
$180. UNCLE HARRIS. J6 Grant aye. . -
STAR lathe; new 6-ft. bed; 4 ft., between cen-
ters: 12-ln. swing: automatic cross feed and
tools; $140 cash. WHITE. ' 616 Mission st.
OREAT Dane and St. B 'rnard pups^prlze pedi-
gree. St. George Kennels, 120 Douglass st.
ONE 37-ft. launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30- |
ft. sloop; 21-ft. a launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launuh hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar- i
gains; new and j-econd-hand boats. H. EN- j
GELBRECHT,' successor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Pofnt and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
. linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture p.nd fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 " Mission St..
above Sixth. . • ;. '-.-■■: ' -'
4 DYNAMOS. 200 light, «1SO: 100 ! light, $90: 30
light, $40; 15 light,- $25. SMITH. 527 Mission.
FOR sale— 2oo,ooo ; second-hand bricks; also
doors, various sizes. j 715 Bryant st.
SAFES— The Hermann- Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento- sti ■••■':• ' •"• ' . '•' ' .
1 AND 2 bowl barber wasnstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH & ? WOLPM AN, 195-197 Fremont St. I
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought,
and removed. .Yard, : Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL.. Belting Co.. mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
; ther ;. pulleys cvr^d. . 619 Mission; tel. Br. 831.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, >."> per dozen;, ]
projectOßCope. $100. Baclgalupl, 935-552 Market.
J R POOL, house-mover, ■ dealer second-hand '
. building material. 1124 Mission; tel. 50uth, 787.. |
SAFES— Bargaiiis In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F. |
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch of flc« of ; Tb« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken."saßag3mß I
. -->... . ■ ■•...-
CITY REAL ESTATE. '"
$3300— northwest corner of Twenty-third
and Dolores sts. ; fair 2-story building with
store and 6-room flat; lot 60x57; there are 33
feet ot this lot j vacant, which I can be i im-
proved to bring In large returns want to
close out. Owner, GEO." B. M. GRAY. 454
Ninth Bt.. Oakland. . -
- .COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$10,000— ONE of Hay wards choicest homes; 174
acres of land all In bearing trees. 11 acres
" of which are prunes, balance apricots .and
plums; all 12 years' old: fine modern house
of 8 rooms and bath ;. barn, chicken houses,
chickens, horse, carriage; all farming tools;
house completely furnished; sold 2 years ago
for $17, C00 cash; 10 minutes' walk to electric
cars and center of town. Owner, 454 Ninth
«t., Oakland. . •
160 ACRES of good grain land; latest improve-
ments and beautiful home for family. . In-
: quire grocery, 1748 Larkln Bt., cor. Jackson. -
FOUR acres well improved; 1 mile from Peta-
luma: cheap. -Address box 472. Petaluma.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— 2 to 15 acres of lmprgved
land, within 30 miles of city; state particu-
lars and price. Box 1537. Call office. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
- OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP. . . ■ ■ - ; • - - ..•..!-
6-room, 2-story modern; lot 200x135; fenced;
windmill and tank: water piped over grounds;
$2000; one-half cash.
6-room cottage; modern;" lot 37x100; $1500.'..
2 flats, 4 rooms each; modern; cement base-
ments; $1100.
£-room cottage; modern; lot 60x125; $1375.
2-story, 7-room; modern; lot 50x150; $1300: $300
cash, balance $15 per month. W. M. ALLISON
& CO.. 463 Ninth Bt.. Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL cozy home, near station on broad-
gauge line, in one of the best neighborhoods
In Oakland; 7 rooms and bath; open nickel-
plated plumbing; sandstone chimney; large
reception hall; modern. and complete In every
particular; for sale at a bargain; terms to
suit; call at once for particulars. Lake Shore
Land Co., A. H. BREED, Manager. 1070
Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale In Oakland — house, 7 rooms and
bath: 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; S minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway. '
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17; no dark rma. ;
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
ft. KOENIQ & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms; :
flats 3 or 4; also pinsle. 1455-B5 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURVITURB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Gcod and cheap. H. SCHKLI^-
BAAS' nld »tore «W TCl^vnth «t. 3«« htm
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAHIEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate: lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school. '
$1000— Snap; lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton «t. station.
$2800 — New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye. lot 60x207. See
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st..
Almnpn'a. Cnl. ' '' ■
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
PRIVATE home in confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS; DR. FUNKE,
" 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda. • ' :
'- ■ •
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
5-room cottage: bath, laundry; 1% acres;
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
fllngtcn, 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
~ MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
" land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. - J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds, and Jew-
"eiry at tho lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at-6V4 per cent on real estate, 2d
/.and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON real estate and furniture or pianos; any
amount; lowest rate. BECKER, 32S Mont-
gomeiy st. .
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rstes; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
~~ T [ ~ ; FINANCIAL. ! ~~
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. • SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery st.
' — — LOST. ; ,,, — - — :
FOX terrier bitch: fat; black spot on right
shoulder: mixed black and tan on head:
mangy between her legs; answers to name of
Flo. Liberal reward fcr delivery or informa-
tion concerning same at. Fashion Stables, 221
Ellis st. y '
100 SHARES Mexican Mining Co. stock; No.
79.C69. Return to M. S. MARTIN. Pacific
Stock Exchange, city; transfer stopped.
BLACK Gordon setter, with leather collar;, lost
Friday evening. 2401 Sutter st. ; reward. "
LAST week, a white poodle from L. KRA-
KKR'S, DOl Golden Gate aye.: suitable reward.
BAY mare colt, sore under right jaw; last
seen Thirtieth st. Finder notify CLAUDE
, E. MILLER. Baden. .
WHITE fox terrier with brown spots about
eyes, also on shoulder; name Spot; $10 re-
ward. 17 Powell St., upstairs.
LOST— Japanese dog; answering name of Nip-
pon. Finder , will be rewarded If returned' to
oil Jones st. ' -- ' ■'
IN Oakland; Alaska wolf dog and small red
setter bitch. Address N. WAGNER, 1627
Arch st., Berkeley. .
DIAMOND ring and r lady's' gold scarf pin.
Reward. 632 Market st.. room 6. -
~~ r ~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
ADVICE free; divorce laws: private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance. •
ADVICE free: no charge unless succeseful. W.
* W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. .
~ ~ SEWING MACHINES. . *
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and hite
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, , bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged." rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 2'T. Fourth »t.
, ! ;. -• ' LEGAL NOTICES. '
IN^the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, Depart- 1
ment No. . Amanda J. Fennell, plaintiff, j
vs Gerald M, • Fennell, defendant. • Action
brought in the Superior . Court, City and
County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and the complaint filed In . said City
and County of San Francisco. In the office I
of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
The People of' tl:e State of California send i
froetlng to Gerald M. Fennell, " defendant. '
' You are hereby required to appear In an ac- '
* tlon brought against you by the above-named*!
plaintiff* in the Superior Court City and I
County of San Francisco, State of California, I
and to answer the complaint filed therein I
within ten days ' (exclusive of the day of i
service) after the service on you of : this !
summons,: if served within this county; or, I
if served elsewhere," within thirty days.
■ The said action is brought to obtain a Judg-
ment and decree of thl3 court dissolving the
bonds of matrimony now existing between j
plaintiff and defendant., upon' the ground of
defendant's desertion of plaintiff 'and also on !
the ground of his wilful neglect of 'her: also |
for general relief, as will more fully appear
'in* the complaint on file, to which special ref-
■ erenee Is hereby made.
All of which will mor* fully appear in the
complaint en file hei^in to which you are .
hereby referred.:' . ■. ' .
And you are hereby notified that If you fall
to appear and answer. the gaid complaint, as '
above required, .the said plaintiff will apply i
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and "seal of said
* Superior. Court at the City and County of San i
Francisco. State of ■ California, this 28th day
of SeptpniDer, in the year of our ■ Lord, ' one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
[Seal.] .C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves.- lays carpets. : C H. STEVENS, Mgr..
25. and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tsend to SPAULDINGS .-Pioneer , Carpet-
beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
' CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. B. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14ta
St.; cleaning, Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. Kast 126. '. i ■ '
I ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekl>
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent •by i
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and resl-ence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CASSIDY— this city. November 7, 1898, to
the wife of. Joseph P. Cassldy, a son. -q.;- -
DIED.
Armstrong, James , Nelll, Nellie *
Beck, Henry H. Pallier, John <1.
Critcher, John Sullivan, Mary
Ehrenpfort, Edward Secor, William A. •
Garbinl, Lulgi Savage. Ann
Gesch. Alice Temple. Eva M.
Heaney. John • Van Bergen, Nicholas
Jackman, Margaret Van Doern. Louis
Kreutzer, Ida Weber, Michael
Kerr. Columbus W. Ward. Elizabeth
McEntee, 1 Mary Ann Yeoman, William
McKenzle, John G. ' Zeppernick. Peter
ARMSTRONG— In this .city, November 13, 1593,
James Armstrong, a native or Ireland, aged
85 years.
BECK— In Oakland, Henry H., beloved hus-
band of Ella Beck "and son of Benjamin and
Sophia Beck, and brother of Sig.. Ignatz,
Joseph, Gustav, Max, ■ Alvina and Bertha
Beck ami Mrs. E. Pincus, a native of Aus-
tria, aged- 25 years and 2 months.
fl^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, : from 17 Hyde .street,
San Francisco. Interment Salem Cemetery,
by 3:30 o'clock train. .... . '■
P. of Officers and members of Court Palo
Alto No. 53. F. of A., will meet at lodge-
room, Alcazar building, at 1:15 o'clock sharp,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Henry H. Beck. By order of the C. R. • •
LEO KAUFMANN. Sec.
CRITCHER— In this city, November 13. IS9S.
John, husband of Henrietta Callaghan
Critcher. and eldest Eon of Henry and N. Cor-
nelia Critcher. a native of San -. Francisco,
aged. 40 years 1 months and 23 days. (.Wash-
ington, D. C, peapers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, under the auspices of
Stanford Parlor No. 76. N. S. GT "W. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STANFORD PARLOR No. 78, N. S. G. W.—
Brothers: You are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our , late brother, John W.
Critcher, to-morrow (Tuesday), from Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, at 2 o'clock.
By order of the parlor. . ■ ■• ■ . * -
JOHN J. MCCARTHY. President.
FRED H. JUNG, Recording Secretary.
EHRENPFORT— In this city, November 12,
1898, Edward Ehrenpfort, father of E. Ehren-
pfort, and brother of William Ehrenpfort.
Sophia Eggers, Mathilda Hagen, Mrs. Dell-
wig, the late Fr. Ehrenpfort and Mrs. Emilie
Loewe, a native of Germany, aged 50 years'
9 months and 4 days. "
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Cremation Odd Fellows'. Cemetery.
GARBINI— In this city, November 13, 1398;
Luigl, dearly beloved son of Antone and
Pauline Garblni, and brother of Lizzie. Cy-
llnda. Clorinda, Albert ana Minnie Garbinl.
a native of Sutter Creek, aged 30 years 4
months and 17 days.
GESCH— In this city, November 13, IS9S. Alice,
beloved wife of L. J. Gesch. and daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Overington, a native of
, New York, aeed 21 years 7 months and 13
days. '
tCTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HEANEY— In this city. November 13, 18S3.
Jnhn Heaney. a native of County Derry, Ire-
land, aged 62 years.
E7"Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 514 Minna street, thence to St. iKna^
tius Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery; ! Please omit flowers. •
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY. St. Ignatius
Church: You are requested to assemble at
514 Minna street to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:4".
o'clock, to attend the funeral services of our
deceased member, Mr. John Heaney.
JAS. R. KELLY, Prefect.
■ FRANK J. BURKE, Sec.
JACKMAN— In this city, November 12, - ISM,'
Margaret, beloved wife of Robert Jackman,
mother of Bell Jackman. Henry and Joseph
Richardson and Mrs. Charles Mathews. and
daughter of James H. and the , late iry
White, a native of Sydney, Australia, aged
39 yenrs 4 months and 16 days.
(CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1611 Geary street. Interment I. O. O.
' F. Cemetery-, . r
KREUTZER— In this city, November 13, j 1893,
Ida. dearly beloved and only. child of John
and Rosa Kreutzer. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2" months and 1 day.
KERR— In La Junta, Colo., November 12; 1593.
Columbus W. Kerr, j a native of Missouri,
• aged 39 years.
McENTEE— the City arid County Hospital.
November 13. IS9S, Mnry Ann McEntee. a na-
t ive cf California, aged 3S years. ■
McKENZIE— In this city. November 33, 189S,
John Grier. beloved husband of Sarah -Mc-
Kenzle, and father of Joseph. Elmer, Alfred.
John and Tillie McKenzie and Mrs. George
• Harms, a native of Scotland.
NEILL— In this city, November 13. 1898. Nellie
Josephine, beloved wife of the late James S.
Neill. and mother of Alford J., Elsie M., Lil-
lian E.. Edith G.. Olivia and Ruth Nelll. a
native of New York, aged 41 years.
PALLIER— In this city. November 13. 1898.
John Gerod Pallier. grandfather of Leor.tine
A. Jackson and Mrs. Clotilda R. Williams.
a native of Marseilles, France, aged 81 years
' 1 month and 11 days. (New York and Brook-
lyn papers i>leaFe copy.)
JiyFnends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral - services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 1 o'clock, at the undertaking par-
lors of N. Gray & Co.. 641-645 Sacramento
street.- Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In • this city, November. 12, 1898.
Mary, beloved sister of the late Daniel and
Michael Sullivan, a native of the parish of
Killcohil. County Cork, Ireland, aged 60
years. ' '-'
■ ■ Friends I and acquaintances • are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), from St. Dominic's Church. Stein-
er street, where a solemn requiem, mass. ■will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Benicia,
by 4 o'clock train. -. . .
SECOR— Forest Hill, Placer County, Cal.,
November 13. 1898, William A., second son of
P C and the late Eliza Secor, and brother
of L. A. and H. F. Secor, a native of Canada,
"aged 39 years.
SAVAGE— In this city, November 13. 1898, Ann
Savage,- a native of County Cork. Ireland.
" (C7*Funeral private. Omit flowers.
TEMPLE— In this city. November 13, 1898, Eva
Marie, beloved daughter of George- and Hm-
ma Temple, a native of San Francisco, <ged
' '7 months. v . '
VAN BERGEN— this city, November 10. 1893,
Nicholas, dVarly beloved husband of Rebecca
Van Bergen, a native. of Neunwalde, Ger-
many, aged 77 years 2 months and 17 days. .'•
ICTFriends and acquaintances are resnect-
■ fully* Invited to attend the funeral this day
'(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Lutheran Church, corner Gough and Eddy
streets. Interment private, Laurel Hill Cetne-
"tery. Please omit flowers.
VAN DOERN— this city, November 12, IS9S,
• Loulß. beloved ■ husband of the late Christine
Van Doern, and stepfather of Mrs. Charlotte
! Gerichten and Ernest Hoffman cf Santa Cruz,
and uncle of Constance de Baere, a native of
Belgium, aged 78 years 1 month and 3 days.
ir^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Monday), at '2 o'clock, from the parlors of
•H F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
• Kiirhth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WEBER— In this city, November 12. 1898, Mi.h-
ael dearly • beloved husband " of Barbara
■ Weber, and dearly beloved 'ather of ■Freder-
ick Weber, a native of Rhelnpfalz, Germany,
aged 70 years ? months and 9 days. .
■ [ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral- this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 415 Jones street, thence to ■St ■Mi-
' face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
' Jones street, for services." commencing a:
'■ 12:43 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
t ery. ■ " ' '
WARD— In this city. November 12, 1893. Eliza-
' beth." beloved daughter of -Eliza and the late
' M -Ward, and sister cf ' Mrs. ,W. Tr. and
i .-Mrs. L. J. Torres, a native of San Francisco,
aited 31 years. •
YEOMAN— In this city. November 12, -IS3S,
• William Yeoman, a native at Annan, I Dum-
. fries-Bhire. Scotland, aged 52 years. . ,
ZEPPERNICK— In the City and County Hos-
. pital. November 13, IS9S, Peter Zeppernick, a
native Germany, aged 76 years.
A. B. GALLAGHER Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHEK
' HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
,' Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher)..'
FUNERAL" DIRECTORS AND EMBAL"KR3.
20 Fifth St.", opposite Lincoln School.
i Telephone SoutH 80. - -,-'"-.
I"*™"™"""'tI 1< 'B.*'m""\' Vi Y. Mr>'a»fr. s. I
McAVOY «fc CO., 1
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS St EMBALMEII3 I
■ 1235 Market it., between Sth and 9th. 2
' ' Telephone." th247^^^__^__«
' . H. f\ MAASS, .
Undertaker and Embalmcr.
Everything Requisite for Flrst-Clost Funer*l§
■ . ■ at Reasonable Rates. •..• -
Telephone South 273. Hi Mission Street. .
910
MURDER WAS
DONE BUT THE
PLAY WENT ON
Chung Yet Gen Killed
in a Theater.
THE SHOW UNINTERRUPTED
AUDIENCE WATCHED ONLY THE
FEIGNED TRAGEDY.
Murdered Man Was the Third Victim
of Highbinders' Bullets in
the Bloody Tailors'
War.
Chung Yet Gen wns phot by an un
known man in the Jackson-street Thea
ter shortly before 9 o'clock last evening
while the performance was going on. The
wounded man staggered from his Beat
to the center aisle and dropped dead.
■VThen the shots rang out the large crowd
in attendance rushed from the theater,
but within a few minutes returned an!
the play continued with but a few min
utes' intermission.
While the dead man lay weltering In
his blood the tomtoms kept up their In
cessant din, the actors spoke their parts
with their squeaky voices and the audi
ence, unmoved by the murder, eagerly
watched the feigned tragedy on the stage
unmindful of the real one to which they
had been witnesses. Those sitting near
the corpse, seemingly indifferent to its
proximity, calmly puffed their cigars and
spat on the floor, their spittle mingling
with the blood of the dead.
The shooting took place directly after
the ten-cent crowd had been admitted to
the theater, and the place was packed.
Three shots rang out and the old gate
keeper who, from experience knew what
it meant, endeavored to throw open the
gates, but before he could do so was car
ried down the stairs by the Chinamen en
deavoring to leave the place. Police offi
cers who heard the shots hurried to the
theater, but were unable to find the mur
derer, who made his escape during the
excitement.
Chung 1 Yet Gen was a tailor employed
by D. Wing, at 61S Merchant street, and
was one of the men upon whose head a
price had been placed by the Gim Vet
tong. Early in June six tailors broke
away from this tong and organized a new \
one. which they called the Leont,- Vi tone,
with headquarters at the corner of StOCK
ton and Jackson streets. The Gim Yees
immediately raised $2Cmj, which they of
fered for the murder of the six bolters.
The offer first bore fruit on June 12, i
when Charley King, a cousin of Little I
Pete, was killed. Mock Foo, who was i
shot In the Washington-street Theater,
on October 25, was the second victim and i
Chung Yet Gen the third. Of the three !
that are still alive the name of one is j
unknown to the police. The other two art :
Tom Ah Hin and D. Wing. The price |
on the head of the latter is said to be
$600, and he is in mortal fear of losing his
life. Last week he went to Sacramento
ostensibly on business, but really, it is
believed to avoid the highbinders' bul
lets. He returned yesterday and last
evening visited the Morgue to see the
body of Chung Yet Gen. He said that the
dead man had been employed in his es
tablishment about three months and
that he was not aware that there was a
price on his head.
While three shots were said to have
been fired only two can be traced. One
entered under the left shoulder blade of
Chung Yet Gen, passed through the aeart
and made its exit from the right breast,
lodging in the clothing. The other wa&
found imbedded on the bench on which
the man had been sitting when shot.
Although the war against the tailors is
believed to be the cause of the shooting,
the highbinders had another grievance
against the murdered man. When Lum
Sler was shot in Bartlett alley last March
ana Officer Tracey received a bullet in
his arm in an endeavor to arrest Man
Nod, who was the alleged murderer,
Chung Yet Gen claimed to have been
present. He was a member of the Tsuey
Ying ton, to which Lum Sier belonged,
and in court testified against Mah Non, a
member of the Tsuey Sings, and while
Mah Xon was not convicted Chung was in
bad odor with the members of the latter
tong.
Detectives Gibson and Wren and Offi
cer George McMahon have been detailed
on the case and are making every effort
to find the murderer.
A BLACK-FACE BENEFIT.
Tinkling Tambos,Rag Time and Clat
tering 1 Bones to Make Merry
Racket in a Good Cause.
On Friday evening Native Sons' Hall
■will resound to the clatter of the bones
and the tinkling of tambos; Company A.
League of the Cross Cadets, is to be ten
dered a black-face benefit, and to make
the night the biggest kind of a success all
of the best fun-making talent of the town
has volunteered Its services.
Arthur Bering is to occupy the middle
chair in the opening assembly, and such
fun makers as Dr. J. P. McCarthy. Ralph
K. Raymond and Walter D. Young are to
handle the bones and co-operate as end
men with Dennis Sheerin, Ed F. Moore
and Jack Egan. Some of San Francisco's
best soloists will be on hand and the very
hottest things in rag-time are being over
hauled for the occasion.
Gambella and Filly. Frank PooL, Master
Arnold Glazer and the Occidental Quar
tet are to do the specialties, and the L.
C. C. Orchestra, under the leadership of
S. J. Sandy, will provide accompaniments
and overtures. One of the best amateur
performances in yoars is promised.
BALLOON ASCENSION.
Professor Hagul, Aeronaut, Failed to
Connect at G-len Park.
The balloon went up beautifully yester
day afternoon at Glen Park, but Profes
sor Hagal, who was advertised to make
the ascension, did not accompany it, and
the affair was a fizzle. Considerable trou
ble was experienced in holding the balloon
down while it was being filled with gaso
line vapors, a crowd of men and boys be
ing pressed into service for that purpose
Hagal appeared to be very much excited,
and at the critical moment, when the
balloon broke away from those holding it,
he failed to connect and it wont up with
out him. Considerable disappointment re
sulted among the 2000 or 3wO people pres
ent, and Manager Baldwin was very
wrothy.
Hagal explained the fia-sco by claiming
that the balloon was not filled sufficiently
to carry him up, and there were i.ot men
enough to hold it down. Some one was
unkind enough to say that Hagal was
afraid to go up on account of the high
•wind prevailing, but this he denied.
Later in the day Charles Conlon under
took the difficult task and succeeded in
making one of the best ascensions ever
witnessed in this city.
The other attractions on the grounds
were more or less patronized, and a band
added to the enjoyment of the day.
Nothing So Acceptable
As a box of selected groceries for our sol
dier boys at Manila. Only a few days re
main before steamer sails, arriving there
at Christmas time. Levin Bros, will pack
and ship free of charge a box for you !
Leading Cash Grocers, 1324-1326 Market
street, opposite Seventh. No branch i
stores. • |
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh curejjuarant'd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cai.
Socialism and Brotherhood.
At the San Francisco Theosophical So
ciety's meeting last night H. H. Somers
read a very interesting paper on "Social-
Ism and Brotherhood," in which he spoke
of socialism as a means to produce
equality and fraternity.
OPENING DAY
AT INGLESIDE
RACETRACK
University Stake Will
Be Contested.
EASTERN SPRINTERS TO RUN
COIN WON BY STABLES AT THE
OAKLAND MEETING.
Thorpe and Butter Tied in the dum
ber of Winning Mounts — Pig
gott a Good Third— Chase
Sale of Yearlings.
Oakland track has had its turn at the
bat and now Ingleside will have a try at
the racing game. The sport at the track
across the bay was fresh and invigorating
and the talent made money. There was a
lack of Eastern racing material, whose
presence always lends additional en
chantment, but taken ail in all the racing
was far above the average. To-day In
gleside, the track whose destiny is looked
after by Edward Corrigan, will reopen its
gates for a half-monthly meeting. The
programme for the first day bears a
heavy look, and if padding was not re
sorted to some excellent sport should be
witnessed. In the stand Edwin F. Smith,
the popular Sacramento racing official
and secretary of the State Agricultural
Society will preside, with Harry Kuhl of
Chicago as associate. The starting will
be in the hands of the seasoned veteran
James F. Caldwell, who will no doubt up
hold his reputation as the "Prince of
Starters." '
MLi Bt of the purse and stake money hung
up at Oakland was divided among Cali
fornia owners. The "sweep made by
Burns Waterhouse on the opening day
of the season gave them a long lead over
the other owners, though the Cambridge
stable. Frank Taylor. "Daggle" Smith, H.
L.. Jones & Co., Crane & Owen and J. eon
way made a very favorable commence
ment. Appended is a list of stables and
owners that won over $200:
Burns & Waterhouse. $6670; Frank Taylor,
Cambridge Btable, $1320; .1- Conway,
0., $950; E. F. Smith &
Co J: '■■ Storn, I X Crani 8 ■ ■•■ n, $810;
J fcoffey. $740; W. Fisher, $825; 11. Byrnes &
!Co |826; Sunset stable, $670; J. H
Santa Anita stable, $485; Edwards & Co., $465;
• c H . ■■• Or. H. E. Rowall, $480;
i E G McConnell. $-415: U Ezell. $376; Whitman
' & Coney $370: Dan Honlg, $3%: J. G. Brown
& Co. $330; C. Spo< tier, J33u: J. McManus,
Miller & Blazer. $800; Barnshaw Bros.,
$300- Miss M. O'Connell, $300; E. U-.nipan. $300;
J. H. Shields, $275.; G. \V. Scott, $225; J.
Dixun, $225; O. Appieby, i22:>.
In the number of winning: mounts to
date Thorpe and Rutter iead their brother
riders, with Piggott a close third. Thorpe
was seen in the saddle on but few occa
sions last week. l'igg#tt has evidently
tried to pick his mounts. Rutter rides
anything and everything, is a hustler and
very popular with the public. He makes
mistakes, to be pure, but la only a novice
and one of the year's finds. The record to
date is as follows:
Un-
Jockey— Mounts. Ist. 2d. 3d. plc'd
Thorpe 27 U 5 2 S
Rutter 51 12 14 12 }3
Pipgott 29 9 4 3 13
Wood 20 4 4 2 10
Devin 29 3 2 6 IS
Gray IS 3 12 9
Shields 14 3 0 3 8
Powell U 3 13 4
Hennessy IS 2 5 6 5
Garrigan 13 2 119
Bullman 16 1 0 2 13
Goutn 12 10 2 9
J. Reiff 11 1 1 1 S
Houck 15 1 3 2 9
P Sullivan 3 10 0 2
Hal Brown 1 1 0 0 0
Gus Wileon 13 1 2 2 8
An Eastern exchange states that Jimmy
DONKEYS MUST WEAR BLOOMERS.
Startling Innovation for the Children's Pets in Golden Gate Park.
Humiliating to the Burros.
THE donkeys at the Children's Playground in Golden Gate Park will here
after have their nether limbs garmented in hose and bloomers.
This startling innovation In the attire of the patient little beasts is not a
result of a mural crusade of a local Anthony Comstock, nor has Secretary
Frank Kane of the anti-vice society passed judgment that the children's pets
were making immodest display of their extremities. The order for hose and
bloomers for the donkeys comes from Charlie Holbrook, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, as a means by which the patient
beasts may be protected from the onslaughts of millions of horse flies and yel
low jackets, that for the past week have bitten the donkeys' legs until the blood
flowed. Murphy, the keeper of the pets, has done all in his power to prevent the
pests from doing their bloody work, but to no purpose, and in desperation he
sent for Mr. Holbrook. Said he:
"It'B meself that has graced the ligs of the bastes with vasollne until the
• donkey tracks looks loike the turn-table of a locomotive. Divil a bit of good
does it do. The pests ate up the grace and then go for the ligs again. The flies
won't bother the goats. I suppose on account of the smill."
Holbrook was thoughtful for a few minutes, and then gave the order to have
the legs of the little sufferers covered with hose from the hoofs to where the hair
is thick.
"Orders is orders," said Murphy, and he went to work. "I've done all koinds
of work, but niver before have I been the dressmaker for a donkey," he re
marked.
The first tailor-made suit was like Joseph's coat — of many colors and de
signs. The hose for the front legs were made over from the lower coverings of
a golf-player. The dress for the part of the donkey furthest from the head is a
wonderful creation. It has a history.
Months ago a lady cyclist smashed her bike and tore her habit in a collision
with a sprinkling cart. She sent home for her street suit, and never called for
the bicycle suit. By the clever manipulation of a pair of shears Murphy altered
the discarded garment so that the donkey could switch off the flies. Then the
garment was "a perfect fit." By the use of a few safety pins and straps Mur
phy's creation was completed.
A more humiliated animal never existed than the one upon which it was
tried. It was shunned by its companions and made a laughing stock of the goat
pen. The ladies who visited the park did not know whether to be shocked or
amused, but Murphy was happy. He had saved his charge from the fly pest. Now
he ia making wardrobes for the entire herd.
THE SAIS" FRAKCISCO CALX., 31OKDAT, NOVEMBER 14, 1898.
McLaughlin, the ex-jockey, will take his
string of horses to New Orleans to race.
This does away with the California tour.
"Bkeets" Martin will arrive here on
Tuesday. He will do the riding for Pat
Dunne and will also accept mounts from
the Corrigan stable.
N. Turner and Spencer were expected in
last evening. The former rider will pilot
the horses owned by "Kid" Weller, the
plunger. He is said to be a very promis
ing novice.
Entries for the Foam and the Surf
stakes, both for two-year-olds, to be de
cided during the June meeting of the
Coney Island Jockey Club, close to-mor
row.
The thoroughbred yearlings from the
Sonoma, stud of Jamese B. Chase will be
sold to-morrow night at the Occidental
Horse Exchange. 721 Howard street. They
are mostly the get of the noted Australian
sire Clieveden. which got the clever, per
former Ivos Prietos and others. William
G. Layng has engaged the services of
Auctioneer Ed Lowry, without a peer In
his Jine of business.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six furlongs: two-year-olds.
193 Don't Tell 99 ! 174 First Tenor 112
195 Anchored 102 j 160 Los Medanos 112
... Ulm 112 j ... My Dear 99
... Judgre Wofford.. 99 167 Rio Phico 109
IS4 Alhaja 99 179 Limewater 112
201 Olinthus 120 i
Second race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up: selling.
(l!»2)Imp. Mistral 11.108! ... Bableca 97
1!'O Cromwell 110 158 Bliss Ruck«r 97
139 Vikinp 103 192 Persnnne 103
... Treachery 103 ... Twinkle Twlnk..lO3
Third race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling.
IPS Dolore 104! 195 Our Climate 104
196 Kruna 104 1 192 Bernardillo 104
... Greyhurst 104 ... McFarlane 104
(182)Whiteomb 104 ... Anabasis 105
171 Tom Smith 101 ... Kainsln 101
... Lodestar 104 ... Pat Morrissey...lo7
... Mamie Scott 101 (17S)Rlngmaster 110
166 Outaway 104
Fourth rrvop— One mile; University stakes.
190 La Goleta 129 ...Cyril 11l
.. Ji.>heiilnhe 114 191 Morellito 114
... ! ••..rmella 11l 19S San Venado 114
201 Rosiormonde ....111!
Fifth race— Six furlongs; all agres.
. . Mips R0wena. ...109! ... Mary Black 109
54* Roma de Cuba.. 86 ... Sweet William. .llo
201 Espionage «6 ... Cyril 102
IS3 Defiant 1021 ... Fleur de Lis 114
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAT.
First race— First Tenor, Llmewater, Rio
Chico.
Second race — Cromwell, Mistral 11, Personne.
Third race— Mamie Scott, Whitcomb. Ber
nardillo.
F.urth race— Morellito, San Venado. Cyril.
Fifth race— Espionage, Mies Rowena, Fleur
de Lis.
SPECIAL SERVICES
FOR THE YOUNG MEN
Y. M. C. A. Throughout the World
to Observe This as a Week
of Prayer.
Evangelistic meetings will be held at
the Young Men's Christian Association
building, Mafeon and Ellis streets, every
night this week as follows: Monday even
ing, David Stuart will lead the service;
g men from the Westminster Presby
terian Church will assist; Tuesday even
ing, Rev. David James will lead, assisted
by young men from the Franklin Street
and Calvary Presbyterian Churches;
Wednesday evening, F. H. Jackson
leader, assisted by young men of Central
M E. Church; Thursday evening, the
young men of the First Baptist Church
will conduct the service; Friday evening,
George B. Littlefleld will lead the service,
assisted by the young men of the First
Congregational Church; Saturday even
ing. K. L. Kigdon, M. D., will lead the
services; young men from the First Chris
tian Church will assist.
There will be special music and the ser
vices are free to all young men. This week
is observed as a week of prayer through
out the world in connection with the
Young Men's Christian Associations.
Robbed an Old Woman.
Detective Bllvey last night arrived here
from Los Angeles, having in charge Perry
Reed, alias Fred Smith, who is wanted
for forgery. A short tim.e ago Reed se
cured a chock for $r>o which was sent to
an old woman named Mrs. Brady, an In
mate of Dr. Lane's hospital, and cashed
it at the City of Paris. After receiving
the money he went to Los Angeles, where
he was traced by the local police and ar
rested.
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street. •
PAID HIS BET IN
HIS UNDERCLOTHES
AS the great political campaign waxed warm on the city front, a
novel bet was made — on the election of their respective candi
dates for Governor— by J. B. Riley (R.) and Henry Steffens (D.),
the loser to walk around the block bounded by Howard, Main,
Mission and Spear streets In his underclothes.
Mr. Steffens was game; and, attired only in a suit of light gray
Scotch underclothing and a forced smile, paid the bet, at about 8:30
o'clock yesterday morning, in the presence of a crowd of spectators
of such dimensions as to impede travel on the Howard street line.
Mr. Riley was also present — clothed and, as his partisanship
clearly indicated, in his right mind.
BIG INDIAN
DESIRED TO
TRADE WIVES
Esquimau Chief Made
the Proposal.
CAPTAIN M'GREGOR SAID NO
amusing incident on the
karltjb: in the auctic.
Mrs. Laura McGregor, Who Braved
Great Dangers, Tells of Her
Experience in the Frozen
Regions.
Mrs. Laura McGregor, who spent seven
Mrs. Laura McGregor.
months In the Arctic seas with her hus
band. Captain McGregor of the steam
whaler Karluk, had a singular experience
while sojourning in that frozen country.
One day while the vessel was at anchor
some Esquimaux came aboard, and the
chief of the tribe appeared to be much
fascinated with Mrs. McGregor, who is a
prepossessing woman. He had nothing
but the pleasanteat smiles for that lady,
while on his ugly squaw, who accompa
nied him, he cast dark and forbidding
looks.
Finally the old chief went up to Cap
tain McGregor and proposed that they ex
change wives. The latter laughed at the
proposition, thinking it a huge joke, but
for several days after that the Esquimau
continued his advances for an exchange,
and as it was all very bothersome to
Mrs. McGregor the old chief was ordered
from the vessel and went away grunting
with 'dissatisfaction.
Mrs. McGregor, who has made three
trips with her husband, is now in the city
and brought back with her a valuable
collection of curios, all the handiwork of
the Esquimaux, which were exchanged
for articles which she took up with her.
A slight knowledge of the native lan
guage helped her in her bartering opera
tions and she has made a number of
friends among the people of the frozen
regions.
In speaking of her experience Mrs. Mc-
Gregor said;
"I believe that I am the only woman
who has spent a complete season in the
Bering Btraits. and while I am perfectly
delighted with my experiences I must
say that the hardships which a lady must
endure are too great for me to brave the
dangers again. While I felt perfectly be
cure with my husband the trip to and fro
was exceedingly rough. One good fea
ture of the voyage was that we were not
caught in the ice. In addition to a vast
quantity of curios I also brought back a
beautiful owl, caught at Point Barrow,
which 1 intended to present to some insti
tution, but unfortunately it died on the
way home.
"The native women are Just as vain as
the rest of us and their greatest pleasure
is to wear American clothes. A3 fast as
I would make a wrapper or mother Hub
bard for myself 1 was obliged to give it
In exchange to a female Esquimau who
coveted It. As for hats which I trimmed
with the wings of native birds, they fair
ly went wild over them and when they
were dressed In our fashion the effect
was ludicrous in the extreme.
"On the way up I had no hesitation In
making visits to the eastern or Alaskan
shore, but the western o r Siberian coast I
left severely alone, as the natives had
such sinister looks and were rather dis
reputable. I went ashore on East Cape,
where I had a delightful ride in a sled
drawn by dogs. The costume in the pic
ture is made entirely of reindeer skins,
according to a pattern designed by my
self. 1 assure you it came in handy in
the fall when the weather was rugged. It
was then that polar bears were in evi
dence, and though I tried to shoot some
with a rifle, I am sure I did not kill any.
I had a strong desire to go on Wrangel
Island, but as the intervening ice was
some twenty-five miles In extent I
changed my mind in that regard.
"I am glad to get back home and will
now make an extended Eastern trip and
when summer comes again I will proba
bly long for the icy climate of the Arctic
eeas."
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Art Exhibition.
The pupils of L. P. Latimer, the well
known painter of redwoods, have issued
unique Invitations for a reception and ex
hibition to be held in Mr. Latimer's studio
in the Crocker building on November 16,
from 2 to 5 and 8 to 10 p. m., and on No
vember 17, from 12 to 5 p m. Mr. Latimer
has some promising- pupils in his class and
the exhibition will be most meritorious.
ROBBED OF
HIS WIFE AND
BADLY BEATEN
Marital Troubles of a
Stonecutter.
WILLIAM M'DERMOTT'S WOES
HE ATTEMPTED TO CHASTISE A
GAY MUSICIAN.
Gets the Worst of the Encounter
and Is Locked Up on
the Charge of
Battery.
The Inmates of the Grand Southern Ho
tel at Seventh and Mission streets were
treated to a lively flstic encounter last
evening. Determined to wreak ven
geance on the man who had alienated the
affections of his wife, William McDer
mott, a stonecutter, proceeded to annini
late Rudolph Patek, the usurper of his
happiness, and was himself severely
beaten.
Patek is a well known musician. Some
time ago he separated from his wife, who
has quite a reputation as a public singer.
McDermott, it is claimed, learned that
the gay musician was rather too friendly
with his better half, and he started an in
vestigation. According to his story, he
learned that they were living together as
man and wife in the Grand Southern Ho
tel, and he determined to watch them.
Renting a room adjoining the apartments
occupied by Patek and Mrs. McDermott,
he awaited developments.
Soon after 5 o'clock last evening he be
came convinced that his suspicions were
correct, and he resolved to chastise the
man who had won the affections of his
wife. Just as was about to rap for
admittance the latter appeared and asked
him what he wanted.
"You have robbed me of my wife," ex
citedly declared McDermott, 'and I de
mand satisfaction."
Before Patek could reply the Injured
husband aimed a blow at liis face, but
failed to land. Patek, who was trembling
with fear, was armed with a cane, and
as McDermott rolled up his sleeves pre
paratory to renewing the assault he
brought the stick down on his head. The
blow dazed McDermott. and as he stag
gered against the wall Patek again struck
him with the cane, inflicting an ugly
wound over the right eye.
With an oath McDermott turned on his
assailant and vainly endeavored to dis
possess him of the cane. Patek, becoming
alarmed for his own safety, dropped the
walking stick and ran from the house.
Although coatless and hatless, McDer
mott pursued him, calling upon him to
stop under penalty of being riddled wka
bullets, but the musician continued run-
n After crossing Market street he ran up
McAllister pursued by MeDermott. As
the two men dashed along the latter street
Policemen Buckley and Green joined in
the chase, and after a short run succeed
ed in overtaking them. They were then
marched to the City Prison and charged
™A short time after they were booked
Mrs Patek appeared and roundly scored
her husband for his conduct.
Tossing a $20 gold piece on the desk Mrs.
Patek announced that the amount was for
the release of McDermott.
"If that is not sufficient," she declared
In tones that could not be mistaken, 1
have plenty more."
"This man," pointing to her husband.
"his ruined Mr. McDermott's home, and
to add Insult to injury he assaulted him.
Patek had $20 in his possession and he
gladly put it up as bail money. Both men
were then released, Patek showing a dis
positlon to remain in the prison until his
wife was some distance away.
To a reporter Mrs. Patek said she mar
ried hor husband about eleven years ago
in Austria. After coming to this city she
secured an engagement at the^Tivoli and
with the money she earned she and her
husband made a trip to Europe.
"Some time ago/ she said we took
Mrs McDermott into our house just
through charity. She was sick and pen
niless and as she seemed to be in nee<l. I
gladly allowed her to share our home In
a short time I noticed that my husband
was extremely attentive to her. and when
I questioned him he admitted his guilt.
After discussing the matter we signed a
written agreement to live apart. Since
then I understand he has been living with
this woman. Rather than see Mr. Mc-
Dermott remain in jail I put up his bail,
so that my husband would not have the
a it g Is°understood that McDermott will
to-day swear out warrants for the arrest
of his wife and Patek.
A ITNTON MASS MEETING.
Members of the Various Protestant
Churches Hold Religious
Exercises.
The annual union mass meeting of the
Protestant churches throughout the city
was held yesterday afternoon at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium, with a success far beyond the
most sanguine expectations of those di
rectly in charge.
The object of the meeting was the in
struction of men a.nd women, and differed
from the usual Sunday afternoon religious
exercises, which are generally reserved
exclusively for the teaching of young men
in the various duties of their church.
A feature of the ceremony was an elo
nuent and instructive address by the Rev.
Dr Curry, one of the prominent ministers
of the Protestant Church. In it he em
phasized the duty which every member of
the Protestant faith owes to the church,
to God and to himself.
He spoke of a Christian life as one in
which those who adhered to its doctrines
would inevitably find the greatest happi
ness, inasmuch as they renounce the
snares of the world to conform to the
highest and purest ideal of human exist-
ence.
The address was closed with an earnest
appeal to those present to practice and
endeavor to spread the teachings and va
rious doctrines of their religion.
The meeting, which was closed for the
day with an oral hymn by the entire au
dience, will be extended through the
greater part of the present month.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
'Th 8&8- __/^ . .-' "■'■l';"'' : t&^
; simile /^r '. mmmm^T^ m »C 03 •'■
APVEBTISEMENTa^^^ „__
NOVELTY SILKS
...AND...
DRESS FABRICS.
NEW GOODS.
NEW FANCY SILKS, for Waists, In Stripes and Dots, all the
latest shades, , .
$1.00 Yard.
NEW BLACK AND WHITE SILKS, in Figured, Plaids and
Stripes, an elegant assortment,
$1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Yard.
NEW ENGLISH TAILOR SUITINGS, 46 Inches wide, both
Granites and Meltons, in Grays, Browns, Blues,
Greens and Tans,
$1.25 Yard.
NEW FRENCH PIREOLAS, assorted styles, full 46 inches
wide, in Red and Black, Olive and Black, Blue and
Black, and Green and Black,
$1.75 Yard.
NOTE.
We have also received this week a full assortment of
NEW FUR TRIMMINGS, in Beaver, Mink, Otter, Opossum,
Chinchilla, Astrakhan and Persian Lamb.
i
Kill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
OOLDBEKG.BOWEJC 4^o/SjBP^A£BAVIIi6BALEGOLDBEB(J,BOWEN & Co.'B SPECIAL SAVINGSALI
gOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CD.
Boxes for Manila
The steamer St. Paul will take box-
es free to your friends-order to-day
We've shipped a great many and
know what is needed and how to
pack
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Claret— reg'ly 50c gallon 3 £C
Good, pure claret— not as old as the
higher-priced ones
Coffee — Kona (Hawaiian) ' 2^C
reg'ly 30c lb roast or ground (green
20c). Last month we sold Kona at a
special sale and many folks liked it
Puree de foie gras 20c
reg'ly 25c tin and $2.85 dozen
Nothing so tempting to a lagging ap-
petite as a sandwich made of puree
Cherries pitted in juice 20c
reg'ly 25c tin
Children like them— are no pits
Port, Sherry, Madeira 75c
reg'ly $i bottle — imported. You can
please most any palate with these —
they're real good
Baby Pim-olas , 20c
The word pim-olas is an abbreviation
of the two words pimientos and olives.
Pimientos are sweet red peppers. A
rare delicacy •;'::
Olives— reg'ly 25c quart 2OC
Whole ripe— taste the oil in them
Oil is the life of an olive
PeaS— Sea Foam 12 j4c
reg'ly 15c tin. American peas of good
quality. This is our wholesale price
" CoCOa— Van Houten's lb tin 80C
reg'ly $1 [\ lb tin 20c J lb tin 40)
Van Houten is the father of Dutch
cocoa m.kers— brand has a world-
wide reputation for good quality
Mackerel— bloater mess : • $} ■
reg'ly $4. 12-lb kit. Large fat fish.
New catch— a bargain. For breakfasts
Extracts— bottle 7£C,
made by Violet (pronounced vee-o-lay),
Paris. Odors:
bouquet tatlana, new mown hay, iris blanc, rose
violette, tsarlne, mezia. valdora, white rose, muse
tonquin. heliotrope blanc,' jocky club, verveine,'
ylanjrylanjf. oiellet, lilas blanc, marechala, jasmin
d espagne ■ . ,
The perfume of sweet flowers
SaltS— smelling : 2^C
Made by Crown Perfumery Co.. Lon-
don. Agreeable deodorizer— leave the
stopper out and the air is quickly re- |
freshed, reg'ly 30c bottle
Bonbons for Thanksgiving dinners
With them you can ornament your
table and have a lot of fun for little
C V money
Mariana wine advertised in the papers j
is for sale here at ?i bottle
Cigars— buy by the box
If you have a ' box of . : El Reposos at
home you're sure • of; a good smoke—
and then it doesn't cost too much
New goods arrived:
Norway mackerel— finest In the world V
% ■ Scotch jellies. Jams and marmalade
Imperial washed and pulled figs
: Brabant sardellen German sauerkraut
•tuffed dates ? ~ ' : jjoose breasts > ;■■ -
«ltu*M* wjpan— >— t v - *n«nfl«r««
Wholesale prices on big, winter supply
orders write usaDOutir
Thanksgiving catalogue free
Mail orders entitled to these prices if posted not
later than Wednesday.
432 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
X 075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
HO FOR THE
CAEOLM ISLANDS,
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BAKKENTINB
RUTH
; \Lf ILL, SAIIi ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOR
: " Kusiac. Ponape and Kuk, Caroline Islands,
j where our trading stations are. These Islands
! are situated about half way between Hawaii
j and the Philippines, and constitute part of what
must soon become American colonies. Thii
vessel will be fitted with fi?st-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers.
j and every opportunity given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful islands, of whosa
wealth O- resources so little Is known. For
round trip, voyaße about five months, $330.
J. F. CUNNINGHAM CO..
Owners. 14 Clay street, San Francisco.
Beware of Imitations
1
*** Wohestewliire&i
■ JOHN PUNC/^'S SONS, A««T«, NEW YORK.
We rely on .'  cr pipT|nii
Oculists W*S h
Jo rurvour spectc\cle Factory*
Bring us Yours. .
Opticians kop k gency#
642 Market St.
. Chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS
i , ■ — — - , ______ _
00000 0000 000 000 a
c w PALACE W S
GRA D HO XMkM°
o BAH FHANCI9CO. 2
■~f. ■ Connected •by', a ' covered passaarewar. -. :■ 2 .
0 1400 Roorris— 900 With Bath Attached. **
O JUI Under Ona Management. O
O : - . - -NOTE THE'PBICSS: .. Q ,
-, European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward *Z
** American Plan.^3.oo per day and upward Q
Q Correspondenc« Solicited.  Q
0 JOBS 0. KIBKFA7KICK, i Hutgir. q
01 OJCI Q Q.QQQ O£)O O Q Q QjCLQ