VOLUME LXXXIIi.— NO. 89.
DURRANT EXPIATES HIS AWFUL CRIMES
HE GOES TO
THE GALLOWS
A CATHOLIC.
4
Graphic Pen Picture of tfye Last Hours
in tr;e Career of a Remark
able Criminal.
A GHASTLY BANQUET.
When Durrant's body was cut down it was placed in the Mack coffin of the prison. On learning that a
casket had been provided, it was transferred, and in the latter taken through the old furniture building to
the room at the other end. Here Mrs. Durrant was waiting.
The black cap when taken off disclosed a shocking sight. The face was almost black; the eyes half
protruding, and the lids half open. The jaws were firmly, rigorously set; the features distorted. The parents
kissed the lips of the dead. Mrs. Durrant wept. Her husband mingled his tears with hers, and tried with her
vainly to smooth the visage of th^ir son into its former likeness. Everybody present turned to the windows
to conceal their sympathetic emotions. When their eyes were again cast upon the scene both parents had
taken seats near the coffin. Mr. ami Mrs. Durrant were chatting and she was smiling.
Thus they had remained quite a while, when Convict Wilson, who is detailed to care for these rooms, ap
proached and asked Mrs. Durrant if she would not like a cup of tea. "Thank you, I would," was her reply.
Instead of tea a tray loaded with an abundance of everything the prison dinner fare afforded was sent
to the coffin side. Here a table was spread within three feet of the corpse. The parents seated themselves
and ate heartily; ate all unconsciously of every presence, living and dead, ate till they were sated. How they
ate may be judged from the request overheard by the shocked and disgusted witnesses: "Papa, give me
some more of the roast."
After the remains of the unnatural repast had been taken away they sat conversing until the body was
borne from the prison.
OOOOOOvOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
O O
O It is by design, and after ma- £►
O tare deliberation, that The Call &
JQ prints the story of the Durrant O
V execution without any illustra- #
tions, and with no attempt at 5
2 embellishment of the plain
"^ facts. There is a feeling freely
£► expressed that the continued £►
£> strain of sensationalism has O
O been distinctly injurious, that to &
& the movements and plans of &
the mail while living an undue j£*
5 prominence was attached, and S
that now that he is dead, only q
«-. a morbid craving, to which 0
'& there is no wisdom in catering, 0
JO; is to be satisfied by making a O
£► pictorial display of the last £►
6 hours of his wasted life. In tak- &
*? ing this course The Call has no g
§ apology to offer, believing that S
X it will be sustained by the best £j
?j sentiment of the community. 0
O »
0000000000000000000000
• William Henry Theodore Durrant
died the death he had earned,- and
against which he had fought with the
bitterness of desperation. His brief
life went out in odium unspeakable,
and his body, bearing the mark of the
felon, is not even welcome to- the em
brace of the grave.
His career, since the day he lured to
her fate a helpless girl who had trust
ed him, has been with few gleams of
aught to show him human. True, he
has wept, but his tears were not tears
of penitence, such as may efface the
record of evil. From Emmanuel
Church to the gallows he bore the bur
den of his guilt. He died as he had liv
ed, an enigma. With falsehood on his
pallid lips he entered where finite judg
ment cannot follow, his last word a
hollow plea of innocence which fell up
on the strained ear of every listener
as mockery made awful because it
came from the tomb. No, not on every
ear; there was present a bowed and
.seemingly broken man who Leaned his
head to the shoulder of a friend and
sought to hide the grief which shook
him. The father was there.
The execution was accomplished
without unnecessary delay, and there
was no- accident to mar the hideous
programme. On the scaffold, with the
noose about his neck, Theodore Dur
rant turned to the hangman and en
deavored to speak, but his Jaws were
set and his throat visibly throbbed
with the effort. Yet the hangman un
derstood and paused. Then Durrant
addressed those who had come to see
him die.
At first his voice faltered, but the
speaker gained confidence, and went to
the end of a set declaration, which he
had practiced and had rehearsed in
part to most of the visitors to his cell.
His tone was devoid of feeling, with
out emphasis or elasticity. It was as
though under the stimulus of a gal
vanic battery a corpse had uttered
forms of speech, meaningless, empty;
lifeless and soulless. There was noth
ing of the heroic about him; an au
tomaton could not be courageous. He
would have said more, but the black
cap hid his face. "Innocent" was the
final word, almost lost in the crash of
the trap.
„•' 'An execution is more than a grue
some spectacle. It is horror, giving a
lesson to crime. No account of one
can be a pleasant thing. Yet it is just
that it be portrayed true to life and
death. The glamor of the gallows needs
to.be dispelled. There is a diseased in
telligence which conceives the assassin
to be great, would decorate. his prison
with flowers, would imitate him.
People seek the privilege of witness
ing an execution. They want to look
upon the struggle, to hear the gasp, ; to
bear away a picture of a mortal ag
ony. Yesterday's affair was no excep
tion. Long before the appointed hour
men began to arrive. They flocked
about the doors, peering in curiously.
The San Francisco Call
They speculated whether the prisoner
would die "game." They craned necks
when the prisoner's mother went in.
Professional men composed a large
share of the throng. They did not ap
; pear excited. There were jests and
talk of the weather. The sun was
bright on the waters of the bay, and
i touched the old gray building. It was
good tar stand there when one could for
get that inside a man was making his
last farewell to father and mother, but
ratUing bolts and the steady pace of
guards would not let forgetfulness
; stay.
The crowd grew more dense. It
1 parted when the Warden stepped into
its midst with hand upraised. A pris
oner limped in weary with the drag
ping of an iron boot. "He has to serve
a life sentence, " said the officer who
had him in charge. This was only an
incident, and few noted it. The War
den's wish was to counsel decorum,
forbid the carrying of firearms into the
building, and to say there must be no
smoking. There was no demur. The
crowd was well behaved.
As the final hour approached solem
nity rested upon the throng like a
shadow. By relays the invited filed in
through the massive gates across a
; court where flowers bloomed; through
' another gate, and up rickety stairs to
■ a large room, whitewashed and bare
j only for some rocking chairs. Here
; there was no idle talk, and men who
' spoke spoke in whispers. Beyond the
! next door they knew were the instru
■ ments of the law. When that door
! opened there was no rush. Some hesi
j tated, some turned back: those who
; passed on went with slow step and bar-
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Saturday; fresh
northerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 57 degrees
Portland 44 degrees
Los Angeles 58 degrees
San Diego 60 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Theodore Durrant Is Hanged.
SECOND PAGE.
■What the Noose Said to Durrant.
Fresno Firemen at "War.
THIRD PAGE.
Dudleys-A rrest a Mistake.
"Wife Killed by Her Hut-Land.
England and Japan Are Allies.
Lining Up Democrats Against Hanna.
FOURTH PAGE.
Hangman's Day at the East
Congress Hard at Work.
OfScers to Be Retired.
FIFTH PAGE.
Dawson in Fear of Scurvy.
How Roup Was Undone.
Los Angeles School Scandal.
Blanco to Take the Field. .
Long Takes Foremen to Task.
sixth PAGE.
Edlti rial*.
Why Improvements Lag.
A Record-Breaking Feat.
Street Car Fender*.
Governor Budd's Opportunity.'
The Need* of Mining Men.
Merchants' Association Work.
Some Suggestive Figures.
Personals and Queries.
SEVENTH PAGE.
War Among Professions.
Merchants Denounce the Bulletin-
News Along the Water Front.
A Wedding in High Life.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Sports of the Day.
NINTH PAGE.
Black Jack Shooting Grounds.
Changes in the National Guard.
Dow Was Murdered.
Burglars Arrested.
TENTH PAGE.
Commercial News.
) ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
,'(,.-' TWELFTH PAGE.
Racing at lnsl<'."id<>.
 THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
J. W. ,H. Campbell Very 111.
Ideas for the Jubilee.
Street Railways ' as Murderers.
Beaten and Robbed."
A Woman's Romantic Disappearance.
Brownlie In Disgrace. ' '
Affie "Warner Will Play.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898.
Ed heads. It was the chamber of
death.
There stood the gallows, the noosed
rope looped over a beam. There was the
sentry-box, in which three guards were
secreted, their mission to cut the cord
that should release the trap and send
a soul into eternity. Each of the trio
DURRANT'S LAST WORDS.
Do you wish me to say anything? Well, I would like to Fay this. I have no animosity against any
one, nor even against those who have persecuted me and who have hounded me to my grave, innocent as I
am. I forgive them all. They will receive their justice from the holy God above, to whom I now go to
receive my justice, which will be the justice given to an innocent boy who has not stained his hands with
crimes that have been put upon him by the press of San Francisco; but I forgive them all.
I do not hold anything against the reporters. I do not look upon them now as enemies. I forgive them
as I expect to be forgiven for everything that I have done, but the fair name of California will forever be
blackened with the crime of taking this innocent blood, and whether or no they ever discover the commit
ters (sic) of this crime matters little to me now, for I before the whole world announce my innocence for the
last time, and to those who have insinuated that I was going to spring a sensation of any kind, I must say
there is no sensation other than that which I have said. Those who wish to consider it a sensation may do
so, but I am innocent of the crimes charged to me before God, who knows the heart and can read the mind.
I am innocent.
was to sever a cord, but none to know
whether it was his knife or another's
that did the work. These guards
showed for an Instant and vanished.
Judged from its outward aspect, the
box might have been tenantless. Sub
dued whispers sank into stillness.
There was no sound nor motion.
Back of the gallows was anothe r
door, steps from the trap leading near
ly down to it. There was the sound of
■ latch, an opening of the door, and
the procession appeared. Warden
Hale, venerable, frail with illness, was
in the lead. Next came Father Lajan,
fully robed, prayer-book In hand, his
head low, his step heavy, uttering no
audible word. Guards Jones and
Abogast came next, grasping on either
side the pinioned arm of Theodore
Durrant, a figure of death. He could
not have fal' n. Captain Jamieson
and Amos Lunt were in the rear. Lunt
is known as the hangman of San Quen
tin. Mild of aspect, with a frank face,
a steeliy but gentle blue eye; not a
cruel man, but tirm.
Coming up the stair somebody stum
bled. It was a guard; not from weak
ness — an accident merely. Yet a sigh
passed through the assemblage. The
people thought the prisoner had weak
ened; they did not know him. Durrant
was held firmly. An instant and he
was on the scaffold, and the noose
which was to stitle his life had been
put in place. Still moved the lips of
the priest, but soundless. A gracious
man, he seemed tcfeel for the wretch
who had turned to him fur comfort.
And Durrant, the father, he had
come in with the procession, passed un
der the gallows and stood gazing into
the face of his son. It was then that
the son turned to Lunt and tried to
speak, and then that he stood mute.
But Lunt had hanged more than one
man. To him the language of those
.stricken dumb is plain. With the black
o*\p ready to adjust he stood and
avaited the will uf one who was to die.
Then the prisoner began his message
to a world not prepared to receive it.
When he had declared his innocence
the father made a gesture as if to bid
him cease. But he was beyond heed
ing any message. He did not see his
father; he did not see the faces up
turned to his. The priest, leaning to
ward him, sought to stay his lan
guage, but in vain. Father nor priest
was naught to the man who, from the
border of eternity, was sending the
message he hoped would be believed.
The speaker ended only when he had
exhausted the phrases which he had
stored up for the occasion, the phrases
he had dinned into the guards until
they were as familiar with them as
was he himself. Then he would have
proceeded. He knew that when he
could say no more, when his voice
should reach a period, it would never
again be heard. Lunt stood by with
the sable cap. He raised it so that
Durrant saw It. Then a spasm passed
over the white face. As the cap went
over the brow the glassy eyes rolled.
It was the superlative of despair— that
picture imprinted on the memory of
each one present, each one at least
who had not turned away.
A hand was raised, the trap fell, the
jar reverberating to evory corner. The
body dr^rr^d until the rope stopped it
with a strain. There was no convul
sion, no tremor. The limbs did not
writhe. Not an indication of any at
tempt at respiration could be detected.
Theodore Purrant had met a fate more
merciful than he had grantod his vic
tims. It is true that for nearly a quar
ter of an hour the doctors lis
tening at his chest detected
signs of life. It is as true that
from th<- second the trap fell Durrant
was dead to all sensation. His neck
had been snapped. As the body hungr
there all attention was riveted upon it.
The hands fastened to the sides, the
cruel hands that had strangled inno
cence seemed to be just as before, pur
ple with blood.
Durrant, the father, had said noth
ing. He had seemed to try to check
the son. yet when the body foil he was
suddenly aroused. "Stand back!" he
shouted to the spectators, who just at
that moment pushed nearer. Wbes
Theodore had finished speaking the fa
ther had said: "How's that for a brave
boy?" Other than these two outbreaks
he was silent through nit. When he
made the second one his head sank
again on the shoulder of Smythe, a
man from the office of Deuprey.
After a time the Warden announced
the verdict of the doctors that the body
was lifeless and the crowd retired, leav
ing the father and a chosen few. The
corpse was cut down, and, with the
kindly mask of black unnvrved, placed
in a rude box. Soon it was carried to
another room and transferred to a cas
ket. Then the mother, who had been
waiting beiow, sent word that she de
sired to se* "Theo." The undertakers
did what they could to make the body
presentable, but without much success.
The face was black and distorted, the
eyes would remain open. But the
mother came. She looked and shed
tears. Then a kindly convict suggest
ed that a cup of tea would strengthen
her. She thought it would.
The convict brought not only tea but
a hearty meal, and beside the casket
containing the unsightly body of their
son the parents ate heartily. The con
victs kept at a respectful distance.
They did n<rt hear much, but when
they heard the mother say, "Papa, I'll
take some more of that roast," they
could but wonder.
Having satisfied their appetites the
parents went away in a hack, paid for
by the Examiner, and accompanied by
representatives of that paper, who
Of all the executions I have witnessed the one of to-day seemed to me to be the most successful and
perfect in <v«ry respect. The doomed man must have died without experiencing any pain. At the drop his
neck was broken. One thing peculiar was that after the drop his respirations ceased. This very rarely
occurs, as there are usually a few respiratory movements after. The pulse beats ceased after eleven min
utes. The man's physical condition was good, notwithstanding his long confinement in prison. The most re
markable feature of the execution was the prisoner's great mental strength, which was displayed by his
steady nerve and strong will power, without the aid of stimulants. FRANK T. FITZGIBBON, M.D.
I have witnessed a number of executions, and must say that for neatness of work and for exhibition
of personal courage the one of to-day will take precedence. One peculiarity noticed from a physiological
point of view^ was the absolute cessation of respiration, or attempts, from the instant of the drop. The
pulse ran a very steadily decreasing course up to the seventh minute, then, taking a very rapid jump to
nearly twice the preceding, was contrary to the usual experience. The neck was broken and death took place
instantaneously, th<re being little or no suffering; in my opinion none. F. STEVENS COOK, M.D.
VALLEJO, Jan. 7. — Dr. L. Carpenter, President of the Board of Health of this city, returned this even
ing after witnessing: the execution of Durrant. He thought he was exceedingly calm and composed and
made his talk without a tremor, unless at the close his voice faltered a little. From the general make-up of
the man, his looks and appearance, Dr. Carpenter is more firmly convinced of his guilt, as no one but a man
with such a character as Durrant could have committed the crime he expiated to-day.
make a specialty of executions and
dabble in the morbid with a truly ar
tistic touch.
Not long ago Durrant, the father,
tried to get Warden Hide's consent to
the use of a kinetoscope, the sen fur
nishing the subject. On Theodore's
last night on earth the mother intimat
ed that anything he might say was
worth money to the listener. Those
facts dull the inclination to express
condolences.
Theodore Durrant had botfsted thnt
he would die like a Durrant. He
stems to have done so. As to his relig
ious views and their sudden changes,
sureiy a man about to die may be his
own counselor. There are phases of
(he matter not here to b<> discussed, ar.d
as to speculation as to whence came
the traits which made of him a mon
ster, a thing of memory to be abhorred,
pilv draws the veil. The man deserv
ed to die; he is dead. So far as the
world may know, he died without re
morse, Mplicld to the last by a bravery
that was pf-^version, a stoicism repel
lant and- abnormal. To the writings
ho may have left the healthy mind will
attach no value, the decent journal
give no publicity.
Durrant retired at 1 o'clock yesterday
morning and awakened at 6:20 o'clock.
The decision made with the approval
of his mother late Thursday night that
he would Join the Catholic Church, in
the bosom of Wlio«B C >nt>ssiona! the
guilt of mankind is forever hidden, had
produced on him a stimulating effect. '
Between the time his mother departed
and he went to bed, he paced the floor j
and rehearsed the speech he uttered
from the scaffold. Such is the state
PROOF TO BE REMEMBERED.
The question of circumstantial evidence has played an important part in the discussions of the Durrant case, and
much stress has been laid on the fact that since there was not absolute testimony showing that the condemned man
was seen in the actual commission of the crime, the Governor should have reprieved him or commuted the sentence.
There is one line of testimony that was taken in the trial and which is in the stenographic reports, that is as
near absolute proof of the murder as can be had except the actual sight of the deed. It was conclusively shown that
four different persons, at different places, saw Durrant and Blanche Lamont going toward the church on the last day
on which she was seen alive. They were seen going to the church together, an hour later Durrant was seen coming
from the belfry where the body was found, he being "pale, exhausted and much excited."
He accounted for his condition to King, the organist, by saying that he had been fixing th« gas jets and had
the gas turned half on. He had inhaled the gas and was almost overcome by it.
He had placed on the stand Dr. G. C. McDonald, his family physician, who, in answer to a hypothetical question
regarding the action of the gas on the human system under similar circumstances, said that it would have rendered
the man unconscious within three minutes. He had had no experience with water gas and said that the man would
have been pale.
Thomas Price, who is accepted as a scientific chemist, testified that the water gas, which at that time was used
in the church for illuminating purposes, would cause unconsciousness within three minutes; and the face of the per
son inhaling it would have been flushed and red, which condition would continue for at least half an hour.
Dr. William H. Mays testified to the effects of the gas and fully corroborated the opinion of Mr. Price. He said
the face and mucous membranes would remain in a reddened and flushed condition for fully half an hour, and the
victim would become unconscious within three minutes.
Dr. Julius Rosenstirn testified to the poisonous character of the gas and said the face would become flushed and
red and the man would become unconscious within two or three minutes.
It was further shown that the gas jets were not out of order and that no one had told Durrant to attend to them.
The janitor of the church said there was no trouble with the jets and that they did not need fixing.
As Durrant was in the belfry at about the time of the murder, and as he gave an erroneous excuse for his condi
tion and appearance, the natural and unavoidable conclusion must be that he was not there for the purpose of fixing
the gas jets, but must have been there for some other purpose which he wishod to hide.
There was no effort on the part of the accused man to controvert or contradict the evidence given by the scien
tific men regarding the gas, nor was there any effort to prove that there was a necessity to repair the gas jets, or
to show that Durrant had been asked to attend to them.
While there was much evidence introduced which has been considered extraneous and without bearing on the
case, all had direct connection fixing positively in a circumstantial way the crime upon the man who yesterday paid
the penalty for it, and making the testimony regarding the presence of Durrant in the belfry at the time of the
murder as near positive proof as could be obtained without eye-witnesses.
ment of his guards who stood near him
on the gallows.
Captain Edgar had provided a brown
pack coat suit of clothing, fetched from
the wardrobe at the home of the Dur
rants, and the regulation slippers.
When dressed Durrant asked for black
stockings and permission to wear a
standing collar and white cravat. It
was explained that the wearing of col
lars would not be allowed, whereupon
he volunteered to take It off before the
execution. This last expression of his
love of display was gratified. Black
stockings vm procured by Captain
Edgar, as were the collar and white
necktie.
Until after breakfast Durrant was
taciturn, but evidently resigned. He
ate heartily of beafsteak, ham, eggs,
fruit, crackers and tea.
Meanwhile the buses had arrived
from the early trains and the area in
front of the prison was crowded with
reporters, persons who had cards of
admission to the execution and per
sons who had none but begged to be
favored. The Warden positively re
fused to issue another one. He briefly
warned everybody not to carry any
The People of the State of California
vs.
"William Henry Theodore Durrant.
To the Honorable the Superior Court of San Francisco, California:
I, W. E. Hale, Warden of the California State Prison at San Quentin. do hereby certify that I received
the annexed death warrant on the 15th day of December, 1597, and that at the same time the body of William
Henry Theodore Durrant was delivered into my custody by the Sheriff of San Francisco County, California.
I further certify that pursuant to law I invited a physician of good standing, the reverend chaplain of
the prison, the Attorney-General of the State and such friends of the defendant designated by him, not ex
ceeding live, and more than twelve reputable citizens of California to be present at and witness the execu
tion, together with such peace officers as I deemed expedient.
I further certify that on the 7th day of January, 1897. at 10:35 o'clock a. m. of that day, the annexed
warrant was duly executed within the walls of the State Prison at San Quentin, as designated by the court
in which judgment was rendered, by hanging the said William Henry Theodore Durrant by the neck until
he was dead.
The names of the physicians and twelve reputable citizens present I hereto attached and made part of
thi» return as witnesses of said execution, and I further certify that no other persons than 'those mentioned
in section 1229 of the Penal Code were present at said execution.
Respectfully submitted this 7th day of January, 1898.
(Signed) W. E. HALE,
Warden California State Prison at San Quentin.
CALIFORNIA STATE PRISON, SAN QUENTIN.
\Co. the undersigned citfzens of the State of California, certify that we were present at the California
State Prison on the 7th day of January, 1898, and witnessed the execution of William Henry Theodore Dur
rant, as provided by law.
WILLIAM M. LAWLER, M.D. WILLIAM J. SCHNUR
JOHN G. FITZGERALD. JAMES MARKLAND.
i. F. WARDELL. J. BARSOTTI, M.D.
R. I. WHELAN. A. SERAFINI.
J K. SMITH. FRANKLIN F. LORD, M.D.
A. SATTLER. ERNEST HEYMANS.
A. T. O'BRIEN, M.D.
firearms or use tobacco within th?
prison walls.
Father Lagan was admitted to the
cell of the condemned man about 9
o'clock. The guards withdrew to a
corner, and the Catholic priest bap
tized and confessed Durrant and ad
ministered extreme unction.
At the conclusion of these ceremo
nies the parents of the condemned
man were taken to him. As they en
tered the cell he kissed first his father,
then his mother.
After repeated expressions of fare
well Mrs. Durrant threw herself into
her son's arms and clung to him, kiss
ing him the while. He finally disen
gaged her arms. Taking both her
hands he placed them in the hand of
his father, and gently, though reso
lutely, thrust them to the door of the
cell and out as the guard threw it
open.
Mrs. Durrant was placed with the
matron in Captain Edgar's office. The
father staid in the corridor of the cell
room and was there Joined by Charles
W. Smilh and F. N. Cook, friends of
the family.
Shortly after 10 o'clock the specta
tors were admitted to the ante-cham
ber of the gallows-room, where they
waited until all was in readiness for
the execution.
YELLOW
JOURNALISM
UNDERTAKERS.
How the Body Was Escorted
to the Home of the
Durrants.
The larger part of the visitors made
haste to catch the first train back to
the Tiburon ferry, and by 12:30 o'clock
only a few reporters hovered about the
prison. Mrs. Durrant meanwhile had
been escorted by a guard to the furni
ture building, and seated in the rear
room to which the elevator ascends un
til the body of her son was brought out
frcm the cell corridor. After having
dined complacently with her husband
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
alongside the remains she was led
down and out of the prison.
Yellow journalism then took posses
sion of the body of the dead murderer
at 2:30. In its coffin the remains were
placed in an undertaker's wagon drawn
by two white horses. The impression
was given out that the coffin would be
taken across the bay to the city by the
Tiburon boat, and when Mr. and Mrs.
Durrant and the reporters of the yel
low journal were seated in a carriage
provided for the family and intimate
friends, a start was made from the
prison.
The undertaker's wagon went first,
with the carriage following closely.
When near Ross station a stop was
made at a roadside inn to water the
horses and for refreshments for tho
passengers.
At a point near Larkspur the road
forks, one branch leading to Tiburon
and the othor to Sausalito. The driver
of the undertakers wagon, believing
that the funeral procession was to
cross the bay by way of Tiburon, turn
ed his horses down the road leading
that way. He had not gone far before
he was hailed by one of the mourners
in the hack, who informed him that he
was in the wrong road.
The carriage had gone ahead on its
way to Sausalito, and when the pro
cession was formed again the corpse
was in the rear. It had gone in that
order for some time, when the mourn
ers realized that the procession was not
in dignified order, and a halt was call
ed. Emissaries were sent back to the
undertaker's wagon and the driver of
it was told to take the lead.
He protested that he did not know
the way, and so a decision that the
hack should go in the lead until the
road became plainer was reached.
After proceeding about four miles a
place was reached where a cluster of
telephone wires ran along the roadside,
and the driver of the undertaker' 3
wagon was told to follow the wires.
Then the procession was reformed,
and the corpse went ahead once more.
When near Waldo Point, about a mile
from Sausalito, a train came thunder
ing along bound toward the ferry. It
gave warning that the time was short
for reaching the boat in time, and a
sudden race to catch the ferry began.
Over the rough road the corpse and
the mourners jolted with the horses at
a brisk trot, and the procession went
clattering down the wharf and down
the gangway to the boat, with only a
few seconds to spare.
There were few people at the ferry
on the San Francisco side to meet the
body, and there was no display of cur
iosity. The procession went up East
street to Mission and up that thor
oughfare to Fourth, then crossed Mar
ket street to Ellis and on to the parlors
of the undertaker. There some stands
on which to place the coffin were put
on the wagon carrying the corpse, and
the procession started for the home of
the Durrants in Fair Oaks street.
After the body had been carried into
the house one of the Examiner report
ers, who had testified in the trial, giv
ing: evidence -which tended to send
Durrant to the scaffold, was placed in
charge of the home of the Durrants.
A squad of police in citizen's dress
had been detailed to watch about the
premises and preserve order should
there be any demonstration. The ser
geant who was in charge of the squad2
rang the boll of the house and asked
Mr. Durrant if any one should be wd
mltted, and he was told to eject all
those, who railed except the persons
the yellow Journal's representative
wished to admit.
THEY HEARD
DURRANT` S
LAST WORDS
Complete List of the Medical
Men and Other Persons
Present.
The following is a list of the profes
sional men and other persons who.
Witnessed the execution:
O. .i. Woodworth, Fresno; J. W. An
drow. Pomona; Joseph T. Farrar,
cander Peers, Mayneld;
Franz Burkrey, Bakersfleld; L. Car-
I r, Vallejo; J. W. B. Montgomery,
Butte County; S. A. J. Eakins, Red
ding: Dan P. Donahoe, Marysvilie: J.
A.. Spencer, Folsom Prison; Fred Cow
ley. Mount Tamalpaia; John Burr, Los
w. Kent, Oakland: W. W.
I .' Rosa; John Rohan,
Oakland; G. W. Griffin, Woodland; H.
C. McClure, Los Angeles; H. P. Pugh,
Oakland; F. G. Berry. Fresno; H. J.
Swain, Stockton; M. F. Cochrane, San
; i; T. T. Dargie, A. Moore, J. H.
Hour, ad; B. Herxog, San Raj
fael; Captain W. T. Trlbble, Sausalito;
J. M. L; O. D. Ham-
Fin, W. S. Blood, Leo Fuchs, Oakland;
E. I*;- : " u - :U1 Luis i
■ ; Martin Hgan, Oakland; L. G. '
Carpenter. San Rafa< :; B. W. S. Me
. Napa; John I-. Matthews, Sa
linas; A. R. Wat -s. Oakland; John R. :
Hebbron, Salinas; Frank T. Johnson.
Sacramento; J. C. Franks. Alameda;
J. H. Reynolds, San Jose; Frank D.
Ryan, Sacramento; Theo S. Lawlor,
.. 11. Veale, Martinez:
W. J. Eden, San Rafael; A. Silver,:
Sausalito; L. Lampert, Wisconsin; T.
P. Newton. Butte, Montana; Thomas
. V.". D. McMillan, Sausalito;
U. S. Gregory Jackson, w. C. Conroy,
AubuT,: H. Harrison, San Rafael: Ar
thur M. L John 1-. Con-
I W. F. Jones, M. D., San
H. Jordan, Oakland; James
p Barstow,
el; A. Cutty. Vallejo; James
Tunstead. San Rafael; Thomas H.
The following were from San Fran-
William J. Blattner, D. M. !
Fraser, Ph. de Martin, James D. Haw
kins. A. Recourte.nes, J. Ouradas, P.. R.
Ducky - Sni, C. B. Sloan, W.
J. Sullivan, T. Byron de Witt (M- D.),
A Ludlum Hill, H. R. Bell. C. J.
Schuelz CM. D.), Charles L. Rhodes. L.
on (M. "O.i. M. Franklin, Louis
Frick, G. W. Root, A. J. Dunlevy, An
drew Shoal, Fred R. Cook, W. Sherry.
J. Wallace, Thomaa Mahoney, John L.
... J. Shepman,
;o Barsott (l£ D.), Henry E. Car
ter, ; K. Frink
<M. D.), .' k. Robert Pfaeffle,
d 1!. Clouph, Colonel H. L. Dunn,
J. S. Wardell. D. B. Todd (M. D.>. W.
L. Piskulick, F. s. Johnson, J. F. Flem
ing, H. Law. James A. Ryan, D. J. Cul
len, D. F. Van Pelt, Kmanuel Elzas, J.
. n, K. I>. < towan, Clar
ence A. Barnes, A. Beta, P. D. Linville,
W. L. Bi Benjamin, F.
McGregor, C. K. Nfigget, Max Goldberg,
T.. Gurmendez, K. L. Howard, G. T.
Smith. Dr. D. F. Rngan. Dr. A. P. Mul
ligan. Frank Fiuizibbon. Dr. F. F. Lord,
Y,\ F. Britt. W. I). Wesson, Ernest
Heymana (ML D. ). F. G. Miner, W. E.
Robinson. Dr. Marion Thrasher, F. -
yens Coi k <M. D.), Dr. P. F. Casey. F.
F. J' nes, Fred W. Lees, Ed H. H.'inii
ton, Arthur B. I> >dge, C. J. MotC. t. E.
Curtis. G. E. Lyon. Thomas Garr<-tt. T.
B. Suliivin. H. A. Bouskey, Eustace
Cullinan. Henry Whiteley, J. S. Tvlev.
M. F. Silk, V. J. Steams (M. D.). S. A.
White, John R. Rathom. A. Gusta. H.
L. Zemmerly, F. 15. Gibson, J. J. M< -
I . I>. Tisdale, Dr. Bennett, Dr.
' hn Torris, F.
Cumming. W. igh, W. F. Car
dall, E. Patrizi, T. Wright, C. A. Zuik
and. A. Sattler, H. H. Wood.E. R. Mar
riott. F. G. Fall, Thomas H. Milieamp.
W. C. Williams, G. A. Buton, B. La
Camera, R. D. AVI' lan, Signor M. Rett
man, Frank W. Riley, Dr. W. P. Chal
mers, John G. Fitzgerald, S. Sandman.
M. L. Spfnetti, Gue Herget. Frank
rer, L. Trask.
BOARDMAN
MAKES THE
LAST FIGHT.
His Petition Denied by the
Unanimous Decision of
the Court.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 7.
Early this morning Louis P. Board- i
man. tor Durrant, was astir, i
although he did not retire until late in '
the night after Interviewing Justices
Brewer and Harian. He visited Jus
tice Shiras at his residence early this
morning, but the result was the same
as his Interview with Brewer and Har
lan. All of them decided not to. act in
an individual capacity. There was only
one thing to be d^n^, and that was to
wait until the court met at noon, and
attempt to bring the matter before the
full bench. This was a desperate
chance at the best.
At five minutes to 12 ' Chief Justice
Fuller entered the Capitol building.
Mr. Boardman had been waiting for
him. After a few hurried words the
two men retired to the clerk's room.
Boardman made an earnest plea for
his client. In a few words rapidly de
livered he bepeeched the Chief Justice
to grant his request for a hearing be
fore the court. A man's life was at
stake. He had le.«s than an hour and a
half to live unless the Chief Justice
granted the request.
Mr. Boardman thanked him and en
tered the courtroom, which was then
packed to its utmost limit. Women
preponderated. They were attracted
by morbid curiosity, but there were
many men, too, prominent in official
life. There were a number of Senators
and Representatives in Congress pres
ent. Senator White was there.
Outside in the corridor was a great
crowd of people hustling each other
for a vantage point, ami the Capitol
police had to drive them away from
the door leading into the Supreme
Court chamber.
. Promptly at 12 o'clock the black-robed
Justices filed solemnly into the cham
ber; the only absentees were Justices
Brewer and Field (retired). As soon
a.s one or two attorneys had been ad
mitted to practice before the court the
Chief Justice nodded to Mr. Boardman,
and Durrant's counsel arose.
Every eye in the courtroom was fixed
upon him. A young man oi command
ing presence, with a strong intellectual
countenance, he spoke calmly and de
liberately, every word being heard in
the courtroom. The silence was Im
pressive. Mr. Boardman made a most
favorable impression. He said:
"If your honor please. I desire to pre
sent a petition for a writ of habeas cor-
pus on behalf of William Henry Thed
dnre Durrant, who is now in State's
Prison of California at San Quentin
undor sentence of death. I respectfully
request the immediate consideration of
the application for a writ of habeas
corpus for the reason that the judg
ment of death J8 directed to be cxc
WHAT THE NOOSE SAID TO DURRANT.
I have waited for you for years. Not as your enemy, but as your friend.
Not in a spirit of malicious exultation, but of truest charity.
I am the solution of your destiny, the conclusion of all your woe.
Are you weary of a life of torture? I will relieve you of It. Are you heart-sick
of being baited like a rat in a trap with glimpses of liberty, only to be thrust back
again to face your doom? I will cure your pain. Are you tired of playing mouse
to the cruel, capricious, heavy paw of feline Fate? 1 show the way to escape.
Are you resentful that for the world you are merely a sensation? Have you had
enough of being a great story? Is notoriety no longer sweetf Has the name your
sister bears been made loathsome enough in all men's mouths? Through me you
and your disgrace soonest finil oblivion.
Guilty, your remorse, your suffering are at an end. The deaths you have en
dured shall atone for the deaths you caused. The long-drawn agony of years
shall wipe out the shame and the sorrow you wrought. Then can be no worse hell
than that you have passed through. Innocent, your outrnged sense of injustice,
your bitter hatred of the world which martyrs you, shall all pass. 1 bring you
peace, surcease of suffering.
In all the billions of people in the world— leaving apart the three the cruci
fixion of whose souls is the penalty of their love for you— there Is not one who
would lessen your agony. I— l. alone, will be merciful.
Accept, then, of my ministration. Yi.*ld yourself to me. What would life be
to such as you; coul(f you obtain the grace of existence? What future, what pos
sibility of life's fullness or beauty is there for one whose name is synonymous in
the world's estimation with monstrous wrong?
And for those few who regret, who mourn for you, I bring solace.
After all, the only shame in the death I administer is in what men have arbit
rarily associated with me. Death is so great a fact that there can bo no ao
to Its awful majesty.
To those, then, who etill hold you human and love worthy, my power extends.
The speedier, the surer you and I are in our union, the speedier, the surer is the
healing of their wounds. Their suffering is in your suffering. What you have en
dured is as nothing compared to that which they have borne. Their crudest pain
is in knowing that thf.v cannot surfer for you. With the knowledge that your
agony is ended will begin their recovery from the long martyrdom.
To tht-m, as to you, my mission brings relief. Come.
cuted at San Quentin at 10:30 o'clock
to-day. The petition which is here pre
sented involves certain Federal ques
tions as to the jurisdiction of the Su
perior Court of San Francisco to im
pose the judgment of death, and also
particularly involves the power and au
thority of the Circuit Court to deny
an appeal to this court under ihe
statute provided for appeal proceed- |
ings of habeas corpus. I think the ques- i
tions may be most expeditiousiy pre- ;
sented by reading the direct allegations
of the petition on the questions that
are involved.
.Mr. Boardman then read the first \
part of the petition reciting that on the
11th day of November. 1897, an appli
cation was made to the Circuit Court j
in San Francisco for a writ of habeas
corpus, and upon the hearing of the
application the writ was denied, and
from that judgment an appeal was
B >';--ht to be taken to the Supreme
font of the United States, which v.as
also denied, and the clerk of the court
was directed not to file any papers up
on this appeal.
Secondly, it was contended at the
time of making the order in the Su
perior Court that certain Federal ques
tions were present, which were after
ward taken on appeal to the State Su
preme Court, and that Durrant had
the right under the constitution and
laws of California to have this appeal
determined by the court, and afterward
to prosecute a writ of error to the Su
preme Court of the United States upon
the Federal questions that were in
volved. These rights were claimed to
be vested rights under the constitution
and laws of the United States.
The proceedings of the State court
and of the court of California were
shown by certified copies of the records
which were incorporated In ?he peti
tion presented by Mr. Boardman. During
the reading of the petition Mr. Board
man explained and commented upon
the different grounds for the motion,
and a number of questions were pro
pounded by Justices Harlan. Fuller, i
White and Shiras. to which Mr. Board
man responded promptly And clearly.
At the close of the argument the
Chief Justice asked Mr. Boardman if
a writ of error, upon the questions pre
sented by the petition, had been pre
viously asked for, and the attorney
stated that a writ of error had been ap
plied for to the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of California and that
applications had also been made to
three of the Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and that
the writ of error had been refused.
The Judges then retired to their con
sultation chamber, where they re
mained closeted for thirty-eight min
utes. Not one person left the court
room, for every one knew that the de
cision must be announced quickly, as
the hands of the big clock in the court
room were creeping toward the hour
of execution. There was an ominous
silence, broken only by whispers.
After the Justices had been out for
twenty-five minutes Senator Whit'
whispered to Boardman that the delay
seemed favorable to Durrant. but some
of the other spectators regarded it as
ominous.
Exactly at 1 o'clock the Justices filed
I back into the courtroom and took
■ their seats.
Amid an impressive silence the Chief
| Justice said: "In the matter of the ap-
S plication for a writ of habeas corpus
! in the case of Theodore Durrant, the
! petition to file an application for a writ
; is denied upon the unanimous opinion
of the court."
Attorney Boardman then arose and
thanked the court for their considera
tion, and the crowd dispersed quietly.
Not so with the San Francisco corre
spondents. They made a bee line foi
the nearest telegraph offices, several of
i which are situated in the Capitol build
ing.
Rut The Call was ahead of all rom
petitors. Arrangements for transmit
ting the first news to San Francis...
! had been made the night before. One
t man was stationed in the courtroom.
• A messenger rushed the news to th<-
WesterfiUnlon office in the Capitol cm
ridor, where a through wire direct to
The Call's editorial room was waiting.
A code of cipher signals had been
prearranged. The Washington corre
spondent of The Call was in the oper
ating room of the Western Union at
the down town office and in constant
and direct communication not only
with the Supreme Court room, but with
the bulletin board in front of The Call
office. At 12 minutes after 12 the news
was flashed to The Call's bulletin board
that Boardman had gained recognition
and was making his argument. At
12:25 the news was sent that the Jus
tices had retired. The interval be
tween this bulletin and the next seem
ed interminable. The hands of the
clock in the operating room crawled to
ward 1. Durrant had but a half hour
to live if the court denied his petition.
Every minute seemed an hour. The
clerk of the Supreme Court was called
up over the 'phone. He said that no
decision had been reached, but prom
ised to hold the 'phone for The Call
and telephone the very first informa
tion. Then the instrument operated at
the right of the correspondent began to
click.
"Decision in about two minutes," it
said. Then after one minute came the
words, "Writ denied."
A message addressed to The Call had
already been prepared. It contained
the simple word "Hang," but this
cipher .had been agreed on before hand.
The direct wire to The Call office was
waiting- for this word. It was flashed
to The Call office in Just fifteen Bec
onds. Vi\<? minutes later other mess
ages to San Francisco papers, as well
as the private message of Attorney
Boardman, were sent over the wires,
but The Call had not only beaten them
all; it had actually beaten the official
message from the Supreme Court to
San Quentin. This marvelous feat of
the Western Union is commented on at
length by the Washington papers to
night. Five minutes after Durrant was
hangt-d the news was posted at The
Call office In the Riggs House.
The Star says: Am San Francisco
ncwpapers had perfected the nrnst
complete arrangments for flashing the
news of the Supreme Court "s decjsion
across the continent. Great crowds
were gathered In front of the San
THE SAX FK AX CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAKUABY 8, 1898.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
Francisco newspaper buildings, es
pecially before the Claus Spreckels
building, on the corner of Third and
Market streets. The Call had ar
ranged for a through wire from the
corridor of the Capitol at Washington
into its editorial rooms in San Fran
cisco. A Western Union operator was
posted there and given a code signai.
The Washington correspondent of The
Call was stationed in the operating
room of the Western Union. The hands
of the clock were moving along toward
12 o'clock. Durrant had only thirty
two minutes to live.
If the motion for a writ of habeas
corpus was granted the telegram must
get acros the continent to Sin Quen
tin, CaL, in less than thirty minutes. At
one or two minutes after 1 o'clock the
word "hang"' was flashed over the
wires to The Call, and in just ri
seconds the news was posted in The
<"all windows. The great crowd set
up a cheer. Five minutes after Dur
rant was executed. A mesr\g*» to that
effect was received at The Call's
Washington office. In other words, the
news of the decision of the Supreme
Court and the announcement of his
execution was transmitted across the
continent and back in less than thirty
five minutes.
Receiving the News.
The arrangements at this end of the
wire v ere as perfect as at Washing
ton. Seated at the telegraph key in
The Call business office was an expert
Western Union operator, waiting for
the message that would either give the
murderer a respite or seal his doom.
Those who surrounded the instru
ment waited with suppressed excite
ment, while the operator coolly sat in
his chair, calm and ct.li.
Suddenly the sounder began to reel
off its dots and dashes, forming the
word that shattered Durrant's )
Hot from the wire the news or the Su
preme Court's refusal to intercede was
told in The fall window by pulling a
cord that dropped the bulletin of in
formation, which was eagerly read by
the waiting hundreds that surrounded
the building. Again did The Call, with
the help of the Western Union's rapid
service, give the important news to the
waiting public.
YELLOW
JOURNALISM
DEFEATED
How the Saffron Screecher
Was Taught a Lessor) in
Newsgathering.
Th" bulletin service of The Call was
the reportorial achievement of the
day. The great exponent of yellow
Journalism on the coast, when it came
to this fair test of newsgathering en-
terprise — where news was neither to be
forged nor stolen— made a failure
which should distinguish It for feeble
mindedness and utter want of execu
tive ability.
Its management had conceived a
master stroke. The means of its ac
complishment was to be through a
private wire laid from San Quentin
to a connection with a telephone wire
ftf San Rafael, the latter connected
with the Postal Teleprinh ofhee in San
Francisco. Between its headquarters,
about 2000 yards from the prison, and
ihe outer prison, v.as a bicycle relay.
Within the prison, hot*".'* :n the • >:
cutive chamber and the outer door.
was a special messenger service, per
formed by reporters. They took the
bulletins of the events in the execu
tive chamber to the bicycle riders,
who in turn bore them to the private
telegraph key.
This was a glorifying bit of general
ship. Probably in all the history of
American Journalism nothing quite so
alarmingly imbued with the genius of
l'wsgathering can be recalled.
To execute this marvel of transmis
sion a staff of men large enough nu
merically to equip any sane modern
newspaper was employed, and as a
most touching feature of the affair
• very one of them thought the yellow
screecher had the world on a downhill
pull.
Mark how simple a matter it is to
do things swiftly without bluster.
The Call had a different idea as to
how the news of the execution should
ue flashed throughout the State and
country. To understand the efficacy
■if the method employed it may be well
to describe the same.
The execution chamber is one of four
top-story divisions in what is known
as the furniture building of the gToup
composing the prison. In one end is
the room containing the con
demned tell. Adjoining it is the execu
tion room. Then comes a large unused
room, partitioned from a. fourth, in
which is the elevator. The actions of
a person standing at the second win
dow of the third room~ «.- properly the
antechamber of the scaffold room —
may be seen with a field glass by an
other person standing on the hill occu
pied by the Warden's house. Again,
the actions of a person standing in
front of the Wardens house may be
noted at the window of the Western
Union telegraph office in the flat be
low.
The Call had a signal code. It was
composed of numbers. Beginning with
the entrance of Durrant and ending
with the cutting down of the body,
every probable event was repres^nt»-<l
by a number. For example: (1) "Dur
rant is ascending the gallows;"' (2)
"He is making an address, protesting
his innocence;" (8) "The hangman
places the black cap, the trap falls;"
(12) "The body was pronounced dead
(blank) minutes after the trap falls,"
and so forth through the line of possi
bilities in cases of execution.
A copy of the code was in the pos
session of the local managers of the
Western Union service, th<> member of
the Signal Corps on the hill, Tbe Call
office, and the Western Union office at
San Francisco.
The San Francisco Call office had
bulletins describing all the signals in
readiness to post. The Central West
ern Union office took off the code num
bers in transit to the Call office and
flashed to the Call agencies through
out the State and East the bulletins
indicated by each number.
At the telegraph kty in San Quentin
an operator sent the numbers as Man
ager McCormick, standing at the win
dow, announced them.
Manager -McCormiek spoke the num
bers as they were signaled to him from
the hill. The signals were given with
two flag: colors, one white, the other
red. Beside the operator of the nags
stood an observer with a field glass
held in the second window of the third
room in the furniture building. At
this window stood another member of
the signal corps with a red and white
flag, and within his view at the open
doorway to the execution room was
posted a fourth.
Here is the way this very simple plan
worked: The door of the death cham
ber opened and Durrant entered with
the hangman and the other attendants.
The first member of the corps indicat
ed one with his iodex finger; the sec
ond at the window raised a red flag;
the third, with the field glass, said
"one;" the fourth raised a red flag:
Manager McCormick exclaimed "one;"
the telegraph operator ticked off "one;"
the receiver in the Call office echo
ing "one" a bulletin announcing the
fact as described was posted: and the
Central Western Uni->n operators si
multaneously sped the news over the
State and continent.
Thus it went through the code, ev
erything working as though it had been
greased fi*r the occasion, and not with
bicycle grease either. The time
elapsing between the falling of the trap
and th" cutting down of the body was
MM of by Manager McCormick, who
heid a stop watch on the interim be
tween the signals covering these two
event! in the code, and this bulletin
was perfected by thu simple message
giving the minutes.
The moment the trap fell a Call
witness of the execution sped to the
telegraph office, and followed the code
with bulletin givlnp: the fullest details.
The result of this quietly arranged
and modestly executed plan was the
.t of the yellow journalism bicy
cle transmission by precisely fourteen
minutes.
SUCCESS OF
THE CALL
BULLETINS.
Mow They Were Received
and Read Throughout
the State.
WOODLAND, Jan. 7.— The bulletins
of the Durrant execution were posted
in this city to-day at the local agency
of the San Francisco Call on Main
street. An immense throng gathered
early this morning and remained until
an hour after the execution. The bul
letins were very full and complete, and
were a satisfaction to read. The serv
ice of the Western Union Telegraph
Company was perfect. Within a half
minute from the time the d^ath trap
was sprung the news was flashed to
this city, reaching here at 10:34 1-2 a.
m. The enterprise of The Call dis
played in various ways in this city
lately has been the talk of the town.
The other great dailies failed to reco-g
nize Woodland in sending out their bul
letins.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. T— Thanks to
the enterprise of the San Francisco
( all, Marysvilie was early in receipt
of all details surr.*i\<ling the execu
tion >f Theodore Dv( ant a" San Quen
tin Prison. It was through a bulletin
from The fall received this morn-
Ing fully five minutes ahead of any ;
Other like message that the nervous
suspense under which the people have
lingered we> ks and weeks was relieved,
was ft sigh of relief mingled with
satisfaction when The Call telegram
announcing that th>- hangman had '
sprung the trap, and the doctors had ,
declared the criminal of the century no
mere, was read at Tiie Call head
quarters.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 7.— Hundreds of
people thronged about The Call head
quarters to-day reading the bulletins
which promptly gave all the proceed
ings at San Quentin during the last
hoon <>f Durrant. No such service was
ever given to- the people of Sacramen
to before, and th^ir expressions of ap
preciation were strong and numerous.
The entire street and sidewalk in front
of The Call office were packed with
pedestrians, who halted for a moment
to read the latest account of one of the
most famous executions ever chroni
cled in the criminal annals of Califor
nia. Ever since The Call has main
tained its large bulletin board on the
most prominent business corner in the
city the people have become accustom
ed to the excellent service provided,
and on all occasions when great events
are presented ahead of the dally issue
<>f The Call they congregate in great
numbers at Thp Call headquarters,
where they receive the HMtt prompt,
complete and correct returns.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 7.— The posting of
the bulletins announcing the execution
attracted large cromds In front of The
Call agency. L<-ng before the hour
set for the execution many inquiries
were made at the office as to whether
bulletins would be received, and from
the time thr- first dispatch was posted
until the full news of the hanging was
given the sidewalk was impassable.
Throngs stood about reading the ne\ts
and discussing the murder. The peo
ple have learned to look to The Tall
for the first news, and at the first ru
mor of any important event they go
around to scan The Call bulletin
board. The Examiner exhibited a few
dispatches at their agency, but at no
time was there more than a dozen peo
ple about the bulletin. The Call's
bulletins were the best and most com
NEW TO-DAY.
ftsnoripo o -roof oof nHofSiPEnD
Hilly! Ibd 0 ul udluoi llluUlulllG
GREATEST, Because Hood's Sarsapa- ;
rilla is the medicine to which the
bulk of the people of America nat-
urally turn when overtaken by sick-
ness, caused by impure blood, scro-
fula, dyspepsia, etc., or when con-
valescents are recovering from debil-
itating blood-poisoning diseases like
diphtheria, scarlet fever, etc.
GREATEST Because Its COM have
produced a firm belief in the curative
merit of Hood's Sarsaparilla, never
accorded a medicine before.
GREATEST. Because the natural ro-
sult of this public confidence in its
unusual curative merit has produced
sales of Hood's Sarsaparilla never j
HMTo.Khti] by any other medicine.
GREATEST, Because when other mcd-
Hood's Sarsaparilla
America's Greatest Medicine. Pre- :
pared by C. L Hood & Co., Lowell,
Mobs. '
plete, and this was fully attested to by
the immense crowds that thronged
about them.
BENICIA, Jan. 7.—The bulletins is
sued by The Daily Call this morning
was the sensation of the hour. Every
person who surrounded the bulletin
board eulogized the business enterprise
of The * Call ' under its new manage
ment. The difference' in the news giv
en, by the different daily papers could
be told by the size of the crowds
around the separate bulletin boards,
and. the news had to be written in very
large print to enable those on the out
side to read The -Call bulletins. As
one citizen said, "The Call is out of
sight." .:. ■"■■■- ■•.
STOCKTON, Jan. T.— People began
to gather around The Call agency
about an hour before the bulletins be
gan to arrive, and up to 1 o'clock the
street was impassable, so eager and en
thusiastic were the people to read the
execution of Durrant. The agents had
to edge their way through the crowd in
order to post the bulletins as they ar
rived. There was great comment ex
pressed as to the reliability of the spe
cial bulletins of The Call. Up to the
issuance of a l<val paper people were
still crowded around reading the bulle
tins of the execution. At the Exami
ner headquarters there were a very few
people awaiting the arrival of the spe
cial bulletins, which came late.
CHICO. Jan. 7.— That The Call is al
ways eager to place the important
events before the people, not only in
the larger cities, but those at the in
terior, was manifested to-day. Bulle
tin after bulletin tame irver the
Western Union lines, and were read to
the eager crowd before The Call agen
<•>•. The bulletins came rapidly, and
The Call was the first to place be
fore the people of Chlco the proceed
ings jn the execution of Durrant.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7. — Owing to the
carefully prepared plans and the fine
Fervice of the Western Union Tele
graph Company The Call bulletins of
the execution of Durrant at San Quen
tin to-day were posted at The Call of
fice about ten minutes ahead of its
competitors. Tho operator in The Call
office was connected directly with San
Quentin. and a few seconds after each
evert occurred the news was promptly
displayed. The operator wrote the
bulletins on th^ bij? cards as fast as
th>- clicking 1 of the machine told the
news.
The finnl bulletin telliner that the
great criminal had at last paid the
penalty of his crimes was displayed
before ntiy other paper seemed to be
aware of the fact. Tho details of the
execution were eaperly read, and
Broadway presented a very animated
scene until after the news was re-
Cf-ivd that Theodore Durrant was
pronounced deml. Amonp those who
stood by The Call's instrument ■waiting
for the final bulletin was Sheriff
Charles White, who took out his watch
at 10:3S and exclaimed: '•That's what
I call enterprist "
I.r.s ANOELBB, Jan. 7.— The most
Intense interest was manifested in the
city to-day in the execution of Dur
rant. It formed the sole topic of con
versation, and the crowd around The
Call bulletin board path, rod early and
awaited the news from the scene of the
hanging. A siph of r> -lief went up
when the bulletin came that the trap
had been sprunp. The papers here is
sued extra editions, but all day long a
knot of people hunp around The Call
office, where the bulletins of the news
were first received in this city.
REV. EDWARDS
DAVIS MAY BE
EXPELLED.
Prominent Members of V\\s
Church) Disgusted at His
Conduct.
< AKLAND, Jan. 7.— The actions of
Rev. C Edwards Davis, at Pan Quen
tin, have aroused the greatest indierna
tion among the officers and members
of the Central Christian Church, of
whi-.h he Is pastor. It Is asserted with
authority that he may not be permit
ted to preach on Sunday, and that his
conduct or misconduct is an outrage on
the church.
P. Perrine of 212S Alameda avenue,
Alameda, is one of the elders of Rev.
Davis' church, and was the man who
caused the minister to withdraw when
he had bargained to marry a couple in
the lion's den at the Chutes on a re
cent Sunday. He was greatly surpris
ed at the published statements affect
ing his pastor, and felt keenly the
cloud resting on the church as a result
of this episode.
"You may say," said he, "that this
matter will be thoroughly investigated
immediately. If the statements of the
press are correct it is time the young
man Is out of the pulpit. He has been
as sensational as there was need of,
but this is a step too far. He had no
business going over there yesterday,
but I presume he thought to do some
good. If the papers In the morning
sustain the statements of the evening
papers I will oppose his appearance in
the pulpit until such a time as he may
be able to clear himself of the charges
before the officers of the church. No
one would listen to a man thus ques
tioned who professes to be a Christian.
It is entirely too- serious a matter to be
overlooked I shall make it my duty
to look.carefully into the affair to-mor
row."
Professor John W. Metcalf, another
officer of the church, expressed sur
prise that their minister should act in
a manner unbecoming to his position.
"All I can say," said he, "is that if the
latest reports are true the members of
the congregation will never put up with
him as a minister. I presume the mat
ter will come officially before the offi
cers and some action be taken. Of
course it is impossible to say what it
icines fail to do any good. Hood's
Sarsaparilla cures, absolutely, com-
pletely and permanently.
GREATEST, Because it eradicates
every vestige of scrofula, cures the
worst cases of hip Disease, subdues
the itching and burning of eczema,
heals all sores, boils and eruptions,
and every ailment due to impure
blood.
GREATEST, Because it conquers dys-
pepsia by toning and strengthening
the stomach, cures rheumatism l>y
neutralizing the acid in the blood,
overcomes catarrh by removing the
s«-rofula taints that cause it.
OROVILLE. CAL— "My little girl he-
came afflicted with hip disease when
she was five years old. She was con-
$1; six for $5. -C I. Hood & Co.. Low-
ell, Mass. America's Greatest Medicine.
will be until we learn of the true facts
in the matter."
Another officer of the church, who is
known aa an intimate friend of the
minister, but desired his name with
held for obvious reasons, said: "I am
surprised at Mr. Davis. He left here
without informing any one as to his
intentions. He should have known bet
ter than to have gone to San Quentin
at this time. All of the newspapers
havo treated him in a most friendly
manner, and for him to favor one
against all of the others, under the
guise of his ministerial cloak, was, to
Bay the least, questionable. His al
leged conduct will be the subject of
investigation by the officers, and it is
doubtful if he is allowed to occupy his
pulpit until after such an investigation
is held."
Treasurer H. E. Magill of the church
was seen to-night, and positively re
fused to make any statement or discuss
the matter in any manner.
Rev. Mr. Davis returned to his home
to-nifeht for a sh,ort time, but left hur
riedly for San Francisco. Before going
he made the following statement: "I
went to San Quentin yesterday to see
W. 11. Gay, who is serving time for big
amy. I knew that Chaplain Drahms
and Durrant were at outs, and thought
that possibly I might be of some use.
On the way over on the boat I fell in
With Mr. and Mrs. Durrant, when I
offered my sympathies and any serv
ices they might need. They were very
gracious to me and asked me to go in
and see Theodore. This I did, and,
when I came out, all of the newspaper
boys jumped on to me to get an inter
view.
"I was the guest of Mr. and Mrs.
Durrant, who are retained by the Ex
aminer, and as they gave me the inter
view 1 was under obligations to the
Examiner. I told the boys I would give
them all a fair shc-w if they called at
the hotel later. I was nearly pulled to
pieces, but was finally thrown into the
carriage when I was driven off with an
Examiner reporter. 1 was not paid by
them, nor did I go in their interest, but
among their own people I was compel
led to show them the courtesy due as
entertainers. The published reports
are libelous, and I have secured suffi
cient evidence to pn.-tect myself. It is
intimated that I was under the influ
ence of liquor. I can prow by ten
men, of such standing as Judge Law
lor, that I drank nothing stronger than
gtnser ale. ail that evening. That I
had to be kept in a room all night is
all bosh. I did nothing that could in
any way be twisted into a reproach
upon the church. I have acted every
inch a man."
Davis left for the Examiner office on
the 8:30 train.
THE BULLETIN
BEATS THE
HANGMAN.
Another Wonderful StroKe of
EQterprisiQg Evening
Journalism.
The Bulletin is enterprising— in the
bunko line.
The "pea and shell" game workers
and "gold brick" swindlers now admit
that they are in the amateur class
when it comes down to a matter of
swindling. They award the palm to
the Bulletin, and intend seeking other
fit-Ms if that paper continues its
present policy.
Having reaped a golden harvest
from the business men with its "Illus
trated Industrial edition, " the Bulle
tin sought a new field for operation.
In the hanging of Durrant the mana
g«M MM an opportunity to swindle the
public in general* The cards admit
ting thosp who w<-re to be present at
the hanging of the "fiend of the bel
fry" announced that the execution
would take place at 10:30 6'clock yes
terday morning. An account of the
hanging was written Thursday night
and set up so that everything would
be in readiness to launch the Bulletin
on a confiding public at the hour set
for the execution. Promptly at 10:30
o'clock yesterday morning the "extra"
was sent out from the Bulletin press
rooms, announcing that the trap had
been sprung at 10:30 o'clock and that
Durrant had expiated his crime. I'n
fortunately for the "enterprise" of the
Bulletin, Durrant was talking from
the scaffold at the very time the paper
was on the streets announcing to an
awaiting public that he was dead.
The swindle did not reap for the
perpetrators the' shower of nickels ex
pected. The inaction of the Bulletin
to be "enterprising" was offset by the
jail people unknowingly. It was not
until five minutes after the Bulletin
appeared that Durrant was launched
into eternity.
The people, profiting by the experi
ence of the local merchants who were
caught in the advertising swindle,
awaited to get the news from the bul
letin boards of the morning papers.
Having been caught once in the bunko
game, the Bulletin was not to be trust
ed. The "extra" edition, containing a
full account of the execution, will be
useful, however, to the laundries buy
ing old papers.
CONFESSION QF A BURGLAR.
Says He Committed AH the Recent Robberies
in Sacramento.
BAjCRAMKNTO, Jan. 7.— Arthur WllU
son. who wai recently caught in the act
of looting the residence of Lawyer Clinton
White, has confessed to County Detective
Max Fisher that he committed nearly all
the burglaries in Sacramento during the
l>ast few weeks. He pried open windows
with a jimmy and stole large quantities
of silverware and other articles of value.
Nearly all of the stolen articles have
been recovered from pawnshops. "Willi
son claims that he is under the control
of an evil spirit that is always at his side,
continually urging him to commit crime.
Death of a Former Actress.
PHOENIX. Jan. 7.— Mnrth'a Wren Cxill,
wife of Kd S. Gill. District Clerk at Phoe
nix, died this evening. Mrs. Gill was for
merly a Miss Wren, an actress of promi
nence on the Eastern stage.
fined to her bed for six or seven
weeks. When she got up she was not
able to walk across the tloor She
had lost all her strength and day by
day Phe became thinner. I decided
to give her Hoods Sarsaparilla, and
when she had taken three bottles her
appetite was excellent and she looked
quite well and was very much
strengthened. She has not used her
crutches for over eight months and
walks to school every day. Hood's
Sarsaparilla cured her."
MUS. G. A. LAROSE.
GREATEST. Because Hood's Sarsapar-
Ula actually purifies and enriches the
blood, tones the stomach, creates an
appetite, energizes, vitalizes and
i strengthens the whole system.
The One True Blood Purifier. Ameri-
ca's Greatest Medicine. Sold* by all
druggists.
FIRE LADDIES
MAY BE OUSTED
Threatened Wrecking of
Fresno's Volunteer
Department.
Democratic City Trustees Would
Substitute Another in Its
Stead.
Seek to Turn It Over to an Aggregation
of Members of Their
Party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Jan. 7.— The Democratic
majority of the Board of City Trustees
is about reaching a crisis in its efforts
to break up the Fresno volunteer fire
department, which is recognized as one
of the best fire-fighting organizations
in the Rtate. It is ranked high by the
insurance men, and if it is disturbed
the rates of risks will go up at once.
The trouble between the Democratic
trustees and the firemen has been
brewing for a long time, and on one
o-ccasion Trustee Joe Spinney was giv
en a thrashing by one of the laddies
whom he was accused of having insult
ed.
The trustees have got together an ag
gregation of men who h^ave organized
themselves into a department, and
have petitioned the board to be recog
nized as the municipal organization.
The Democrats want to oust the pres
ent department, which is efficient and
has the Support of all business men and
property owners in this city. The offl
cera of the new organization are as
follows: Chief, Timothy Walton; first
assistant, J. D. Morgan; second assist
ant, J. D. Jones; treasurer, George
Duncan; secretary, C. J. Overshiner.
The new department is in fact a
Democratic club. If placed in power it
will be used as a political machine, and
the people of Fresno will have to go
through another era of dirty politics.
This is the first important move that
the Democratic manipulators have
made toward carrying the county next
fall, but it will avail them nothing, for
if they succeed in breaking up the reg
ular fire department they will alienate
a laree number of the most substantial
Democrats of the city.
The municipal board will meet to
morrow night to act on the petition of
the new department. The old organiza
tion has elected County Clerk Truman
G. Hart its chief and the ratification
of his election will also come up. A
warm time is expected.
CHINESE GIANTS AFFLICTION.
Big Charley Mack of the Salinas Stricken by
Paralysis.
BAUKAB, Jan. 7.-Charley Mack, the
well-known Chinese contractor of the Sa
linas valley, was stricken by paralysis
and is under treatment at San Jose. A
short time ago his partner, Sam Sing,
a leading Chinese merchant of this city,
became insane and died after his re
moval to Aftnews. It was stated at the
time that Sam Sing's insanity was due to
a business settlement and quarrel with
Charley Mack. The latter fell down
among a lot of his countrymf-r. when the
stroke of paralysis came upon him, and
the Chinese have been much agitated
over the visitation, believing that the in
sanity and death of Sam Sing, soon fol
lowed by the paralysis of Charley Mack,
are in the nature of a judgment.
Charley Mack is perhaps the largest
Chinaman in California, being over six
feet tall and weighing over 250 pounds.
In stature and build he is not much like
the typical Mongolian. He has been for
years one of the foremost contractors in
field work in the Salinas valley, and haa
made and lost fortunes in his time.
Mules Perish in Fire.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 7.— Word reached
! here to-day that the Hemet Land Com
pany's barns at Hemet were burned last
\ night. Over 100 tons of hay were de-
I stroyed and a dozen mules, together with
■ valuable farming implements. The loss
! will be in the neighborhood of $5000. The
I amount of the insurance is not known.
: The cause of the tire is a mystery, but
there is strong suspicion <af incendiarism.
: NEW TO-DAY. '
1324.1326 Market St. and 134 Sixth St.
SPECIAL SATURDAY ONLY!
BUTTER, Fresh Creamery, 45c 'squaw
The kind sold during the week for 600.
EGGS, Best Petaluma - - ■ - 27Jcdozen
MAPLE SYRUP, Old Fashion, 50c
Pure maple sap. Hj-gal. Juss. rep. 75c
' - TELEPHONE SOUTH 292.
DRUNKENNESS!
Morphine and Opium Habits. Painless
treatment. Sixth year : 1000 cured ; low-
est prices; write to-day for full particu-
lars. Cut this out.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. 26 Page St., S. F.
The Weekly Call.
o/ If Publish^ the Cream of the
; oc News or the Week and *
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE -AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
©< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
-J v ; PAPER ON THIJ
■~J PACIFIC COAST
"3 The Best \ / Mining
i°\ Telegraphic \/ News That
o( Service on /\ is Accurate
©< The Coast / \& up to date
; c>^ Not a Line of it Sensational ■
w or Faky, and Not a Line of
jj it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean. A Champ oj of
"J Tbou£htful. Truth.
I 3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 i ALL THE TIME.
DIT ADVOCATES I SE.MT BY
_) HOME " MAIL, $1.30 '
=5 WDUSTFUES ;;JvAY^tDEPLORE
THE ARREST
OF DUDLEY.
Members of Stanford
Faculty Express
Indignation.
Some One May Be Made
to Suffer for the Pro
fessor's Detention.
His Innocence of the Charge of
Counterfeiting Can Easily
Be Proved.
IS RELEASED ON BAIL.
Arresting Officer Said to Have Re
fused to Telegraph to the
University.
Special Ptspatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 7.— The BUrprise
ag the members of the faculty.
which followed the arrest of Professor
Dudley, has given way to a feeling of
indignation at the treatment the head
of the botany department has received.
Dr. Jordan left for Santa Cruz on the
3:30 train to-day to help Prof< ssor Dud
ley out of his unfortunate and dis
tressing predicament After the release
is accomplished President Jordan will
probably Investigate the affair. Some
one may nave to answer for this very
unfortunate blunder.
"Professor Dudley is the safest man
in the whole faculty t<> arrest." said
Dr. Jordan to-day, in his dry way.
"Most of us." be continued, "would
have made things rather uncomforta
ble had we been in a similar predica
ment."
There is a great deal in what Dr. Jor
dan said, as Professor Dudley is known
as precisely the man who, after telling
his story, would let things take their
course. Peeling his innocence he was,
bly. too indignant to seek the aid
of the students who live in that section
of th< -
Professor Dudley's whereabouts while
the counterfeit money was being pass
ed at Capitola and Soquel is very well
known to certain members of the fac
ulty here. He remained at his beard
ing place on the campus until Decem
ber 2S, when he started on a tramping
tour to Pescadero. He was accompa
nied by his nephew, young Dudley,
Milner Roberts and a couple of other
students. On the way the party stop
ped at Murphy's place and Iverson's
place, at the headwaters of Pescadero
Creek. Professor Fairclough left Palo
Alto on New Fear's Day on a similar
tramp, ate dinner with the Dudley par
ty at P«;.vjdero on Sunday, and return
ed to the university on Monday.
Professor Dudley then left Pescadero
on Wednesday for Boulder Creek, go
ing by stage by way of Santa Cruz.
The rain coming on. he was not able
to continue his trip, which was taken
for the purpose of making a botanical
collection of that section. He was on
his way to the university when arrest
ed.
It was not until after Charles Young
er. Stanford, '96, of Santa Crux,
graphed the ld< ntity of Professor Dud
ley that Dr. Jordan could believe that
such a mistake had been made and
that the well-dressed professor had al
ready spent a night in the Jail, his
tramping attire having made such an
unfavorable change in his appearance.
A very well-known student here had
a narrow escape from a similar jail ex
perienoe in Santa Crus on the day on
which Professor Dudley was arrested.
H " naf l been on an excursion after
specimens, and was sized up as a va
grant. A nierht in a hay stack with
only a hoi* for his head saved him
from the grasping constable
RELEASED ON BAIL.
Dr. Jordan Procures the Freedom of Pro
fessor Dudley.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 7,-Professor
Dudley was released on SSOO bail this
evening, it being supplied by Dr. Jor
dan and C. B. Younger Jr. of this rity.
With Dr. Jordan were Professor Sam
uel J. Brun, an attorney of San Fran
cisco, and J. E. McDowell, a student
Dr. Jordan, who, with his friends, ar
rived this evening, expressed surprise
that Professor Dudley had not let
them know of his predicament last
night Professor Dudley explains that
he had tried to convince the arresting
officer, who would not telegraph to the
university, so when he arrived here at
the Sheriff's office he derided to let the
matter rest and work itself out. He
wished to avoid notoriety because of
the university, and .said as little as
possible. Had he talked in the Sheriffs
office as he did to the arresting officer
there is no probability that he would
have gone to jail. Had h<- .sent for Dr.
C. L. Anderson of this city he would
have been sufficiently identified, and
r>r. Jordan could have been coramuni
ated with and bail easily got. The
night in Jail was the result of his own
diffidence. Dr. Jordan said the first he
knew of the affair was when he saw
The Call this m< rning.
N. K. Harris, United States secret
service agent, having seen The Call
this morning, came at once to Santa
Gruz. I !•-■ met Attorney Brun and
Professor Dudley at the Sheriff's office
fend hoard Dudley's story. Harris be
ia not the man wanted.
Cessor Dudley's preliminary ex
amination will take place before Jus
:ice Boyle at Boquel on Monday, and
will undoubtedly result in his imme-
Siate discharge. The professor was
feen in th* Jail this afternoon by The
.'all correspondent. He spoke freely of
ills unpleasant predicament, and ex
pressed the fear that sensatioraJ news
papers might word their accounts of
the affair In a way that would reflect
ipon the university. He explained his
reason for starting home from Capi
'-ola by train instead of finishing the
lourney afoot He was in a hurry to
fet Lack, and his shoes were not iust
suited to further tramping. He had
forwarded by mail or express the bo
tanical sp. cimehs collected though he
lad not collected many, as thi.-, was
not the exact season for that work.
,md he had interested himself in ex
imination and observance of trees
principally.
Profr- ? «c.r Dudley desired a correc
:ion of the statement sent from here
.ast night that the biaek-bordered
jp.rdF bore the title "Mrs.," as he had
so wife and the cards were his own.
•nbsequent examination showed that
PROFESSOR WILLIAM RUSSELL DUDLEY.
the error was made by the reporter.
Another error amused him. though ho
said it was seemingly ;i reasonable
one. The instrument described as a
conipass was actually an aneroid ba
rometer that he carried for the pur
p,.s>- of learning altitudes. The maps,
he said, wen such as other professors
used in thtir cross-country outings.
The professor thought he would be
able easily to show when the case
tame up for hearing that the officers
had made a mistake in arresting him,
though he supposed that he must re
semble the man wanted for passing
counterfeit money. Professor Dudley's
every action was that of a person be
ing unduly restrained of his liberty,
but he accepts his confinement in Jail
philosophically.
CERTAIN HE IS INNOCENT.
The Faculty of Stanford University Speaks
for Professor Dudley.
The professors of Stanford University
are indignant over Professor Dudley's ar
rest, and make the assertion that they
can easily prove he was innocent. Two
of his Btanchest defenders are Profes
son Fairclough and foung, both of
whom have known the a< i used man inti
mately since his connection with the uni- i
versity. Professor li. K. Fairclough, who
is professor of classical literature. said:
"Professor Dudley was out camping
with me Sunday and Monday at P
dero. He was a man very fond of botan- ;
izii.tr and roaming about in the hills In
this pursuit, and consequently h<- brought
with him on this expedition maps and
various articles be was liable to need. His
arrest is a very unfortunate and unpleas
ant mistak--. Regarding the story of his
having a beard, the man lias not had
one for several years that I know of, and
we were the best of friends. Il> wai
of the most gentlemanly men at the uni
versity."
Professor Young, professor of chemistry
.it Stanford, spoke warmly of Pro*.
Dudley's arrest. The two men were the
very best of Mends, having been room
■ for a long time, lie said:
"It is certainly a case of mistaken iden
tity. The Idea of that story about Pro
fessor Dudley shaving his beard. He
didn't have any to shave. At the time
the professor was said to have committed
the crime he was at Stanford University.
There will not be the slightest trouble for
him to prove an alibi. He was a member
of the Sierra Club and was interested In
the preservation of the forests, and,
therefore, he went on many excursions re
garding this and his favorite study —
botany."
RANCHER KJAR
NOT A CORPSE
; Missing San Luis Obispo Man
Sleeps at a San Jose
Hotel.
Fears of His Deserted Wife That He
Had Met With Foul Play Set
at Rest.
Specla! Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 7.— Neil KJar, a
prominent rancher of San Luis Obispo
County, who mysteriously disappeared
! from his home there a few days ago,
spent last night in this city at the St.
James Hotel. He arrived here yester
day afternoon on the 2:35 train from
the south, and went at once to the ho
tel, where he registered under his right
name. After breakfast this morning
he settled his bill and left the place.
i Kjar did not mingle with the . other
I guests at the hotel, and was very re
ticent, but otherwise his actions were
not queer. This afternoon the Sheriff's
office began making inquiries about
town for Kiar, and found that he had
spent the night here.
Kjar's home life was a happy one,
and the people about San Luis are un
: able to account for his sudden disap
1 pearance. It is thought he may have
| become temporarily insane. He left a
note for his wife, saying he was going'
north and would j never return, and
; stated he had left $400 on deposit at
! Andrews' Bank in San Luis Obispo for
! her. The writing was pronounced a
forgery, and for a time foul play was
suspected. Kjar is known to have about
' $600 in his possession.
MAY RETURN TO THIS
COUNTRY WITH SEALSKINS.
Ladies Taking Their Fur Garments Abroad
Compelled to Obtain Certificates
Before Departure.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— Persons leaving
this country who wish to take sealskin
garments with them must, to protect
these garments from seizure on their re
turn obtain return certificates of own
ership from the Collector <>f the Port be
fore their departure. Bach certificates
nave already been obtained by Mrs. J.
Plerpont Morgan Jr.. who sails with her
husband on the steamship Teutonic next
Wednesday i an<l by Mrs. George Eiavi
!.ind of Paris, who is traveling in this
country and intends to go to ''anada.
The law barring out sealskins tak»n In
prohibited waters was discussed to-day at
a conference of the heads of departments I
called by Collector Bidwell at the Cus
tom-housr. The subject of the debate was
to minimize annoyance to incoming- pas
sengers wbo may have sealskin garments
in their possession. Tin- suggestion was
made that temporary public stores for
the convenience of passengers be estab
lished on the docks.
Sonoma Pioneer Passes Away.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 7.— Chester Bethel, I
an - old pioneer of Sonoma County, died
at his residence-here to-day at th« age of
79. He was a native of Indiana and was
at one time grand master of the Odfl Fel
lows of tnat State. lie was bonded
warehouse-keeper during the first admin
istration of Cleveland and for Borne time
was a resident of Ban Jose.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATIKOAV, JAXrAKY 8, 1898.
KILLS WIFE
WITH AN AX
Terrible Crime in a Little
Massachusetts
Village.
After Crushing the Skull of His
Spouse the Murderer Cuts
His Own Throat.
The Unfortunate Woman Had Re
cently Left Her Bed Atler
Illness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 7.— Charles Hayward
killed his wife by crushing her skull
with an axe at their home in Green
Harbor Village, Marshfield, about a
mile from Brant Hock, early this even
ing. Just what led up to the murder is
not yet clearly explained, as the only
w Itnesa of it, a sister of Mrs. Hayward,
is so unnerved by excitement and shock
that she cannot clearly tell the story.
The first known of the murder was
when a young woman, laboring under
great excitement, rushed Into the Qreea
Harbor telephone ottice and said that
her brother-in-law had killed his wife,
her sister. The girl said that Hayward
chased his wife out of the house with
an axe, and catching her in the road,
cracked her skull open with it. Then
Hayward dragged his wife fifty feet or
more into the yard of the house. The
girl, after witnessing this deed, rushed
down the road, crying for help, and did
imt stop until the village was reached.
They found Mrs. Hayward's body.
The ax with which the deed was done
was beside the body. I'nder one of the
farm buildings Hayward was discov
ered, a sorry sight, for he was literally
matted with blood and mud. It was
not until Constable Baker took charge
of the prisoner that it was seen that
the latter had badly cut his throat.
The wound was a jagged one, and it. is
believed he either used the ax or a
pocket knife. The family consisted of
four children, one about 5 years, an
other 3, and twins born three weeks
at.' This was the first day Mrs. liny
ward had been out of bed since her
illness.
BONANZA FOUND
IN LAKE COUNTY
One Ledge That Yields Nearly
Six Thousand Dollars to
the Ton.
Discovery Made by Two Men While
Digging a Well on Their
Claim.
fpMlal Dispatch to The CUL
LAKEPORT, Jan. 7.— Ore that assays
$5,671' in gold and $90 in silver to the ton
has been discovered two miles from
Adams Springs, Lake county, and the
whole county is wild with excitement.
The discovery wus made by Martin
Stearnes while digging a well on his
<;<.-\ eminent claim. When he got down
twenty feet he struck the ledge and
found that it extended several miles,
and that it is exposed In a number of
places. He sent a sample to a San
Francisco assay, r, who reported that
it was remarkably rich.
Btearnes let Henry Emanuel of
bower Lake into the secret, and they
(hen undertook to get the whole ledge
Into their p owe—lon, for all the land in
that vicinity has been patented. H. C.
Hoggs of Lakepoit owns 4.000 acres
adjoining the claim upon which the dis
covery was made, and they commenc
ed negotiating with him for a part of
it. Mr. Hoggs suspected that there was
"a nigger in the woodpile " from the
way they acted. The land is moun
tainous and unfit for agricultural or
grazing purposes. Small quantities of
gold and copper had been found
before in that vicinity, so he
told th.-m that he would mrt
.sell the land, but would give them
a bond for a dead with a forfeiture of
|600 should be fail to deliver the deed.
specifying that if any mineral were
found the agreement would bn void.
The men denied having made any dis
coveries, and the deal was aboutto be
consummated. Their «rver anxiety,
however, CSUsed an investigation, and
their secret was learned. Boggs at
once declared the deal off.
Stearnes and Emanuel are develop
ing their claim, and now talk freely
of their discoveries. As soon as they
get it in better shape they will try to
get capitalists to develop their prospect
and put in a stamp mill.
♦
Judge J. N. Scott Dead.
DENVER. Jan. 7.— A special to th<» Re
publican from Las Veicas, N. M.. says:
Judge J. N. Scott, Indian Claims and
Depredation A»?ent for the State of Wash
ington, died this evening of pneumonia.
ENGLAND
AND JAPAN
ARE ALLIES
The Mikado's Fleet at
Great Britain's
Service.
To Hold in Check the
Ambition of the White
Czar.
Germany Thinks It Has a Good
Bargain in Kiaochau
Harbor.
YON BULOW IS A HERO.
Nothing Too Good to Say for the
Kaiser's Minister of Foreign
Affair*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Jan. B.— A special
dispatch from Shanghai says
that a Japanese fleet of three
battle-ships, three first-class
cruisers and numerous smaller
I has received orders,
practically placing it at the
disposal of Sir Alexander Bul
lock, British commander-in
chief of the China station, this
step being taken 'in case Rus
sia persists in ignoring the
joint interests of England and
Japan."
The Berlin correspondent of
the Daily News says he under
stands that the peculiar form
of the lease of Kjaochau was
the outcome of prolonged nego
tiations between Germany and
Russia, ending in an agreement
and the mediation of Russia
between China and Germany.
The correspondent says :
"This happy conclusion of
Baron vor, Bulow's negotiations
is the cause of universal satis
faction here."
LONDON', Jan. B.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says that
Emperor Nicholas, in telegraphing his
thanks for the letter and gifts of the
Chinese Emperor, adds that he is glad
to learn that Russian vessels are an
choring at Port Arthur and that they
are friendly to he Chinese.
A dispatch t" the Daily Mail from
Singapore says: A telegram received
from Hoihow, on Hainan Island, de
nied the reported annexation of Hai
nan, but says that the French warships
Descartes and Surprise are there.
PEKING. Jan. 7 —China has rejected
the proposals for a Russian guaranteed
loan. Kiaochau hus been leased to
Germany for fifty years only, although
Germany had demanded a ninety year
term. To-day the Chinese Ministers
and the members of the Tsung I-i Ya
men (Board of Foreign Affairs) paid
new years visits to foreign legations.
BERLIN. Jan. 7 —It is semi-offleially
announced that Prince Henry's squad
ron will still be necessary at Kiaochau,
as the Germans may have to reckon
for some time to come with "possible
outbreaks of Chinese fanatics." It is
also asserted that the cession of Kiao
chau does not affect the monetary
compensation due from China for the
murder of the German missionaries.
VIENNA, Jan. 7.— lt is reported here
that the Austrian warship Pola will be
sent to Chinese waters.
AMERICAN INTERESTS
IN THE FAR EAST
NOT IN JEOPARDY.
Th» Cabinet Does Not Consider That the
Question Has Reached a Serious
Phase.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— The Cabi
net meeting to-day was attended by all
the members except Secretary Alger,
who is still confined to his house by ill
ness. There was some discussion of
the remainins answers to be made to
the Congressional resolution calling
upon the heads of the various execu
tive departments for an expression of
opinion as to the working! of the civil
service regulations, and inviting sug
gestions for their Improvement. The
answers of the Secretaries of the Inte
rim-. Navy and War have been with
held, and the subject was discussed to
day with the purpose of making sure
that there are no broad conflicts of ex
pressed opinion in the answers.
The most important matter consider
ed was the Eastern situation, which
was discussal at some length. It ap
peared to be the opinion of the Secre
tary of State and the members gener
ally that the gravity erf the situation
was overestimated. Germany's action
It was thought, hail no other purpose
than the acquisition of a naval station,
and did not Indicate that she had any
ulterior designs upon Chinese territory
other than for the purpose stated.
Great Britain and the other powers, it
was thought, would be granted the
same concessions Germany had acquir
ed, but beyond this the European na
tions would not seek to go. The opin
ion was also expressed that the inter
ests of the I'ntted States in China were
not at present in any sense involved,
nor were they likely to be.
The proposed relief expedition to the
Klondike also was touched upon. It
Is believed that some doubt has arisen
as to the need for additional supplies
in the new gold fields, and it is not
likely that final relief steps will be
taken until the necessity for the expe
dition has been fully demonstrated.
Home for Workingmen.
I.OS ANHKI.KS, Jan. 7.— The Salvation
Army Home for Dwirrlllg Worktngmeft
was to-day formally dedicated by i'.>m
mander Booth-Tucker, who said it was
the intention of the Salvation Army to
establish similar shelters for workingmen
throughout the United States. The home
is practically a worklngmen's hotel,
where meals are furnished for S cents
and a bed for the same price.
WHIPPING
DEMOCRATS
INTO LINE
Steps to Compel Them
to Vote for a Re
publican.
New Turn Taken in the
Ohio Senatorial
Struggle.
Kurtz to Be a Candidate of the
Opposition Combine Against
Hanna.
BUSHNELL NOT POPULAR.
Friends Skirmishing to Secure a Re
spectable Attendance at the
Inauguration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 7.— This was
a quiet day among the army of polit
ical workers enlisted In the Senatorial
contest, but it was productive of some
important developments. The situation
is practically unchanged, however.
The efforts of the steeling committee
to whip the Democratic members into
line to vote for a Republican for Sen
ator have not been so successful as
they expected. As a result, it is stated
authoritatively to-night, there will be
a caucus of the Democratic members
next Monday night. The purpose of
the caucus is to locate the doubtful
members and pledge those who are
willing to carry out the proposed fus
ion, so that enough members can be
kept in line to insure the maintenance
of a deadlock, should one be forced.
The most reliable information to
night is that Mr. Kurtz will be pro
posed as the candidate of the opposi
tion for both the long and the short
term. It is believed by the Democratic
leaders now that Mr. Kurtz will be
more acceptable to the majority of the
Democrats of the Legislature than any
other man. Mr. Kurtz is almost worn
out from the fatigue of the all-night
vigils in which be has participated at
the Great Southern Hotel during the
week, and has spent the greater part
of the day in retirement.
Senator llanua spent a comparative
ly quiet day at the Neil House. The
activity of his supporters was un
abated, however. Speculation on the
vote for Senator has not changed. Mr.
Hanna's managers are following the
tactics of the opposition and are not
giving any figures. It is claimed by
the leaders of the opposition that all
the Democrats will stand together, but
this claim is not borne out by the in
formation from other sources. It is
claimed by some that at least twenty
Democrats will refuse to attend the
caucus, but this is probably exagger
ated. More conservatively, the num
ber is placed at from six to ten.
Indications to-night were that the
opposition is preparing for a long
deadlock. The calling of a mass con
vention of Republicans in this city
lu-xt Monday by the Republican State
Executive Committee to protest
against the attempt to defeat Senator
Hanna somewhat disconcerted the op
position. They claimed that it was
merely a move on the part of the
Hanna people to intimidate the Re
publican members who refused to vote
for Hanna.
It develops that the Kurtz people
have bestirred themselves to bring a
big crowd of Governor Bushnell's
friends here to attend his inaugura
tion.
It is stated that for this purpose rail
mail tickets were sent to certain local
ities where the Governor's friends were
thought to be numerous, for free dis
tribution, for the purpose of bringing
as many as possible to the city. The
calling of the mass convention will
probably bring a large crowd of Hanna
supporters to Columbus. Agents of
Kurtz people were to-day endeavoring
to place pictures of the Governor in the
windows of business homes on all the
principal streets. They met with con
siderable opposition, and but a few pic
tures appear.
Preparations are being pushed for
the inauguration l»y the local commit
tee, despite the opposition. The inau
gural parade will be made up chiefly
of military, as nearly all of the politi
cal i -lulis that had decided to partici
pate have rescinded their action.
Some weeks ago the Ninth Battalion
of colored troops tendered its services
as an escort to Governor Bushnell, and
the Governor accepted the tender in
recognition Ot the loyalty shown by the
colored people of the State in the elec
tion in the face of the fight made
against him on account of the T'rbana
lynching. To-day Major Charles Fill
more, commanding the Ninth Battal
ion, sent to the Governor a letter de
clining to act as a personal escort.
GOES AFTER FITZSIMMONS.
Stuart in Pursuit of the Champion to Obtain
His Signature to Fight
Articles.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7.— Dan A. Stuart ar
rived in Chicago to-day and to-morrow
night will leave for St. Paul, where he
will endeavor to obtain the signature of
Fitzsimmons to articles calling for an
other tight with Corbet t, to take place in
July or August.
•'Everything depends, sain Stuart,
"upon the attitude Fitzslmmons may
iisMime. It is a settled fact. 1 think.
that Corbet! will not tight Maher before
he fights Fitzsimmons agate, and 1 am
not considering any such contingency. It
is Fitzslmmons and Oorbett or nothing,
although if 1 cannot secure this tight, I
might offer a purse for Corbeti and
Maher."
Regarding the battle-ground, Stuart
Fald he had two places under considera
tion—one in Nevada and one about four
hours' ride from the mainland, some
where In southern waters, around the
Gulf of Mexico. The articles which will
I.c submitted to Fitzsimmons provide
that Stuart ar.d the two principals are
to select the referee, and Stuart an
nounces llutly that he prefers George
Silcr.
HUNTINGTON CONTROLS
ANOTHER WATER FRONT.
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., Jan. 7.— The
Old Dominion Land Company to-day sold
the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry
Dock Company thirteen acres adjoining
its present plant. This gives the ship
yard a water front of an even mile, mak
ing it one of the largest establishments
cl the kind in the world.
It is said C. P. Huntington. president
and practical owner of the plant, will at
once commence extensive improvements
and alterations, with a 'view to utilizing
the new acquisition lor the manufacture
of armor plates. He paid J5u,000 for the
land.
NEW TO-DAY.
BH ibj 839 |«a X Bb BM - ,■ ■
. ,'-■.-.. - . :
AT
Our
Doors!
A good-natured crowd, a jostling crowd. Of
course, long waits, unfortunately, had been the
order of the day. . We never expected the crowd
that we were asked to cope with. Our January
Getting- Rid-of- Overcoats Sale
A HUGE HIT! '
♦ ♦»HMHHH» ♦+++♦+♦♦+♦ 4 ♦♦♦ ♦♦ ♦♦♦+♦+++♦♦ ♦ M ♦'♦♦'♦♦■ »♦♦»
X OUR TWO BIG WINDOWS TELL THE STORY. 1
This ■.oPfNyS
This opfN^j;'
to psi i\X ( \
Above we picture a very fash- !
ionable Overcoat in a beautiful
shade of seal brown, a cleverly
tailored garment. It was our
$7 50 Overcoat. You can own
it for
$3.95.
■ |
Wild ■ *j ""~"~"""™"™7 i §
OPC*S
THC WAiA .Uyt
Of our| 4^<Xr?\ ' Si
\\, _
Tan shades are very popular.
Above you see a coat that has
been sold by us right straight
along at $10. It's a swell
affair ;. nothing ails it. It's
only our desire to be rid of our
Overcoats. You can slip into
this Overcoat, and it's as swell
as anything' you can get, and it
costs you just
$6.95.
00000000000000000000000000
OPEN TO=NIGHT TILL 10:30.
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Q-11-13-15 KEARNY ST.
Our Big Third Floor Devoted to
Klondike Outfits.
ftlia i I i
OPEN* ' !
TriCWAV
Tod* t-.f r — . I
or- f .'si? 1
OUR, ' | \* ■ 1
A lot of the richest Kerseys you
have ever laid eyes upon. An
awfully beautiful one in blue, a
real handsome one in blue. To be
plain with you, it teas our $12
Overcoat. You can own it to-
day for
$7^45.
this _ ct _ j ,_^.. J^,-
OPENS
rrit|wAT j
TO one I
of a
OUR I *1.
J^^i^; O\CKcqAT3
Those very smart-looking Eng-
lish Covert Cloth Overcoats with
the strap seams. Some pretty
blue, brown and black Kerseys.
Awfully fashionable garments
with sleeve linings of pure satin.
We have included in this
range some coats that we have
sold un to $10. Being anxious
to get rid of Overcoats, we quote
these to-day at
$8.65.
000000000000000000 00000000
34
CRIMES EXPIATED
ON THE SCAFFOLD
FOR A CRIME
SIMILAR TO
DURRANT'S
John O'Neill Pays
the Penalty for
Murder.
He Dies on the Gallows
Tremblingly Protest
ing His Innocence.
Weakens in the Closing Chapter
and Freely Forgives
His Enemies.
STORY OF HIS FOUL DEED.
Waylaid, Assaulted, Robbed and
Killed Mrs. Hattie Evelyn McCloud,
a Young Widow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 7.— With the same
words trembling upon his dying lips
John O'Neil Jr. paid the penalty of a
similar crime at the same hour which
saw the hanging of Durrant. O'Neil
was hanged in the Franklin County
Jail at Greenfield this forenoon for the
murder of Mrs. Hattie Evelyn McCloud
In Buckland, Mass., a year ago to
morrow. The drop fell at 10:41 o'clock,
and the execution was accomplished
.without accident or any unexpected in
cident save possibly the pitiable con
dition of the condemned man, who
seemed well nigh helpless and in need
of much assistance from the officials
who attended him. This was particu
larly noticeable as he ascended the
stairs leading to the scaffold, when he
weakened visibly and seemed to miss
his footing on one of the steps, falling
back to the next one. He quickly re
covered, however, and resumed his
. upstairs. As he reached the floor
of the scaffold and was assisted to the
si».t on the floor on which he was to
stand and meet his death he again
lust control of himself, and it Be
that all his Btrength had left him.
One of the deputies was compelled to
hold him up while preparations were
iJe for the execution, and hi-=
Lition was BUCh as to indicate that
without the assistance he
BUi ly would have fallen. The straps
were Boon adjusted iir.d Rev. Father
Sherry recited prayers for the dying.
Between O'Neil and the clergyman
was a small cross.
Alter thid prayer Sin riff Henry,
wearing his high hat and carrying his
mace of uific*-, asked the prison* r if he
had any statement to muk<-. O Neil re
"l am Innocent. I forgive all
v h<> have injured me, and may t"sod
have mercy on my soul." The words
were spoken in a low voice, and could
not be heard distinctly by the specta
tors in the rear of the room. I}> to
this time the man had refused to for
give William O'Connell. Additioiia 1
straps were then placed about his arms
near the shoulders, and also near his
ankles, while Deputy Sheriff Fowler
drew down over his head the black
cap. The noose was adjusted, the
spring was touched by Sheriff Richard
son and the drop fell, just five minutes
after the prisoner and his guardians
had entered the room. As the body fell
through the drop there was a gurgle
and a slight moan, but that was all.
. There were no writhings or contor
tions. In nineteen minutes the soul of
Murderer O'Neil had gone to its re
ward. George D. Crittenden, the
father of the murdered woman, was in
the rear of the guardroom and wit
nessed the execution.
The following letter, penned by
O'Nell this morning, was given to the
press this afternoon as a, statement
from him:
GREENFIELD, Mass., 1898.
To the Editor: I see by your paper
that O'Oonnell has been sending pieces
to you for publication. I wish you to do
me the same favor that you have him.
In regard to the testimony of Davis, Cur
tis and Scheneek. they did not testify
that I said I drank with O'Connell at 8:30
or at any other time that night. Now,
what I should like to have O'Connell tell
the public is who did he buy that pint of
whisky for at 4:30 that night, and whose
money paid for it. I am sure it couki
not have been O'Connell's, for he had no
money. If O'Connell will it'll who paid
for that pint and who drank it with him
I think the public would feel differently
toward me. I want to thank Sheriff Chen
ery and Mr. Richardson for their kind
ness toward me, also all the officers con
nected with my trial and detention.
JOHN O'NEIL JR.
The crime for which O'Neil paid th 3
penalty was the murder of Mrs. Hat
tie Evelyn McCloud, a young widow of
Shelburne Falls, on the night of Jan
uary 8, 18S7. The murdered woman
lived about one and one-half miles from
the village, on what is known as the
Crittenden road. She went to the vil
lage in the afternoon, leaving her lit
tle daughter. 9 years of age, alone. Af
ter making a few purchases she set out
for home at about 7 p. m.
Within a quarter of a mile of her
home she was attacked by O'Neil and
dragged into the woods, down an em
bankment, assaulted and choked to
death. Her purse was then rifled of its
contents and the murderer hastened
away to the village. That night and
the next day O'Neil was flush with
money, and spent it with his chums for
rum. Suspicion pointed strongly to
O'Neil, because on the afternoon of the
murder he was without money and that
night, after the murder, he was flush.
He was arrested three days after the
murder. The inquest developed a good
deal of circumstantial evidence against
him, and he was indicted by the Grand
Jury which reported on March 4.
The defense at the trial was every
way weak and almost from the start
it was clear that the jury would con
vict the defendant. The trial lasted
nine days.
O'Neil was 28 years of age. He had
been drinking hard for weeks before
the crime. His family are respectable
Irish people, hard working and honest.
CROOKS OFF TO ALASKA.
Go to Prepare for the Fleecing of the
Spring Argonauts.
TACOMA, Jan. 7.— The steamer Co
»-">«». will land at Dyea and Skaguay
more dangerous characters — men
known as roughs by every well-posted
police official west of the Rocky Moun
tains — than any three vessels have
heretofore carried. Not less than sixty
hard characters embarked on her, their
object being to reach the trails in time
to get games of various kinds well
started before the spring rush com
mences. A well-known detective stood
on the dock as the Corona's passengers
made their way up the gangplank and
enumerated party after party made up
of the most noted of the Western
"grafters," sure thing men and more
dangerous characters.
There were two parties from the
Golden Gate city, including about
eighteen men, all "smooth" workers
and men with records. One large
party hailed from Denver and was
noteworthy for Its excellent equip
ment. This contingent is reported to
be a rich one, all the members being
well equipped with both cash and
gambling paraphernalia and backed
by sporting men of wealth in the Colo
rado metropolis. Two parties came
from Portland, and several small ag
gregations were made up of men who
have operated about the Pound coun
try for the past few months. Many of
these men have been und^r surveil
lance here for days. Local police are
rejoicing that they are gone and ex
pect a decrease in burglaries and
thievery.
SUBJECT OF JAMES GORDON
BENNETT'S PRIZE ESSAY.
"Annexation of the Hawaiian Islands ; a Com
parison of the Movement With That Which
Led to the Annexation of Texas."
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 7.— The
subject for the James Gordon Bennett
prize In essay writing, open to the sen
ior classes in the undergraduate de
partments of Yale University for 18i»S
has been announced. It is the "An
nexation of the Hawaiian Islands; a
Comparison of the Movement Favoring
their Acquisition by the United States
at the present time, with that which
led to the annexation of Texas."
The prize is the income of a fund of
$1,000. and is awarded annually on com
mencement to the member ctf the sen
ior class in either academical depart
ment or the Sheffield Scientific School,
who shall have pursued courses in po
litical science and English literature,
and shall have prepared the best es
say, in English prose, upon some sub
ject of contemporaneous interest in the
domestic or foreign policy of the
United States Government, selected by
the faculty.
LATEST ROMANCE
OF THE BICYCLE
During His "Wheeling Trips
Aged Mr. Clarke Fell in Love
With Mrs. Sylvester.
So the Couple Finally Wedded and
Are Spending the Honeymoon
in Florida.
Kr^'iol Dispatch to Th» Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— The marriage
of William E. Clarke of Woodhaven, L.
L, to Mrs. Sylvester of California,
en that young lives are not the only
ones that are touched and influenced by
romance through the medium of the
bicycle. The wheel has been the means
of affecting the lives of many young
people for good or evil. In this case it
has caused a marriage between a man
of 70 and a widow of middle age. Mr.
Clarke is one of the most widely known
men in Woodhaven. He is the richest
man in the place, and he is the most
enthusiastic wheelman for miles
around. His residence is one of the
handsomest places in Woodhaven. On
one of his wheeling trips Mr. Clarke
met Mrs. Sylvester, who was living in
Brooklyn, having lately arrived from
California. The widow is a handsome
woman, and Mr. Clarke felt interested
in her at once. He is a tall, stalwart
man with white hair and whiskers,
handsome and dignified, and showing
few signs of his 70 years.
Many were the rides the couple had
taken together on the cycle path,
through the park and on the asphalt
streets of Brooklyn, and for a change
over the roads of Queens County.
Wherever they rode their fine appear
ance and evident regard for each
other attracted the attention of all.
Although the friendship between Mr.
Clarke and Mrs. Sylvester was known
to many in Woodhaven the news of
their marriage came in the nature of
a surprise to all. Not a hint of it was
whispered outside and nothing was
known of it until the ceremony was
performed and the couple were on a
trip to Florida, Rev. Frank I. Wheat
performed the service at the home of
the bridegroom on Thursday night, in
the presence of only a few relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarke will return and
take up their residence in Woodhaven
in May.
LOST OVERBOARD
DURING A GALE
Seaman James Hanlon or the
Cambrian King Drowned
at Sea.
Tremendous Wave Sweeps the Decks
and Carries Him Down to
Death.
ASTORIA, Ore., Jan. 7.— "Man lost
overboard" was the report made this
afternoon by Captain Hancord of the
British ship Cambrian King, just ar
rived in ballast from Shanghai. In
speaking of the voyage Captain Han
cord said he had rough weather almost
all the way.
"We passed through several heavy
gales, and on December 23 encountered
the only incident of the voyage. We
shipped a tremendous sea, which piled
up like a pyramid, and for the moment
it seemed as though our good vescel
could not survive the concussion from
the wall of water which crashed down
upon us. The wheel was broken, and
the cabin skylight was smashed into
bits. There were two men at the
wheel at the time, and one of them
James Hanlon, was washed overboard
and never seen afterward. The other
man was thrown onto the main deck
and was considerably bruised. Th»
boatswain's mate was hung up by his
oilskin to a pin at the mizzen back
stays, but was only slightly injured
"We crossed the meridian on Mon
day, December 20. The voyage was
one of the most disagreeable I hav=>
experienced."
THE SAX FRAyCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898.
MURDERERS
REMOVED BY
THE HANGMAN
Three Negroes Die on
the Scaffold at
Hahnville.
They Killed and Robbed
a Peddler Named
Zeigler.
One a Fiend Called Creole Who
Confessed to Nine As
sassinations.
SOME* OTHER EXECUTIONS.
All the Men Legally Put to Death but
Two, Who Fell Into the Hands
Lynchers.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 7.— Three ne
gro murderers died on the scaffold at
Hahnville, a small town in St. Charles
Parish, to-day. Louis Richards, alias
Pierre, alias Creole, by the latter name
being notorious, was one of the trio.
Together with George Washington and
"Foxy" Morris, also negroes, he was
sentenced to death for murdering and
robbing a Jewish peddler named Zeig
ler, last June, on Ellington plantation,
near Hahnville. The murderers were
traced by the discovery of Zeigler's
goods in the possession of their female
companions.
Creole confessed, implicating the
other two. and with his statement the
authorities obtained conclusive evi
dence of their guilt.
Creole also confessed that since 1884
he had murdered at least nine men
and one colored woman on various
plantations. His victims were princi
pally Italians and Jews, who made a
living by peddling among plantation
negroes. Close investigation revealed
that his confession was entirely cor
rect, and it cleared up numerous mur
der mysteries of years ago.
Here is a list of Creole's crimes,
given by himself:
April 2, 1884, wounded Albert White,
Smartsville, La.
May, 1&8*, murdered and robbed Pat
tison, colored. Melville, La.
In IS9_\ sentenced to one year In the
penitentiary f<>r robbery.
December IS. 1893, killed unknown
tramp, white, Ifelville, La.
January v, 1895. murdered Mary Par
ker, Ellington plantation, St. Charles
Parish.
July 18, 1896. murdered and robbed
Roccina, a Spaniard, Luiing, St.
Charles Parish.
December 14, 1896, murdered and
robbed Alexander Johnson. Ellington
plantation, St. Charles Parish.
January, 1897, murdered und robbed
another Alexander Johnson. Ellington
plantation, St. Charles Parish.
June L' 6, 1897, murdered and robbed
Louis Zeigler, peddler, Ellington plan
tation, St. Charles Parish.
ATLANTA, Ga., Jan. 7.— Thomas Cy
rus, colored, was hanged here at 11:40
a. m. The noose slipped from behind
his ear and death resulted from stran
gulation. He made no statement what
ever on the gallows.
The crime for which Cyrus was
hanged was the murder of Annie
Johnson, a negro woman, who was em
ployed at the home of Governor Atkin
son as a domestic. The crime was com
mitted on the night of June 2 in a little
cottage on Belle street In this city.
Cyrus was Infatuated with the woman,
who had been his mistress for some
time. On the evening of June 2 he went
to her home and foun^. another negro
man in her room. Cyrus asked for an
explanation, and, falling to receive a
satisfactory answer, drew his pistol
and shot the woman. She died the
next day.
MERIDIAN. Miss., Jan. 7.— Watts
and Sam Cole, colored men of Neshoba
County, were lynched in Pearldge,
Kemper County, a few days ago.
Watts and Cole went to.Pearidge to
visit relatives, and became too friendly
with their kinsmen's wives. Their
lynchers are said to have been colored
men.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 7.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Bainbrldpe, Ga.,
says: Simon Hopkins, colored, was
hanged here at 11:30 to-day. He made
a confession to the effect that he in
veigled a friend named Harris into a
swamp and killed him.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Plans for the Establishment of Weather
Bureaus to Protect the Orange Crop
of Southern California.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.—Represen
tative Loud to-day had a talk with
Chairman Wadsworth of the House
Agricultural Committee relative to
the establishment of three additional
weather bureau stations west of the
Rocky Mountains on a direct line with
Los Angeles. The purpose of this is
to afford protection to the orange crop
in Southern California by warning the
growers in advance of the coming of
cold snaps and frosts. Mr. "Wads
worth assured Mr. Loud than an ap
propriation would be inserted in the
agricultural bill for their establish
ment. One will be situated in Utah,
another in Nevada, and a third in
Northern Arizona. The weather sta
tion at Mount Tamalpais will also be
made permanent.
Pensions have been granted as fol
lows: California — Original— Eliaklm T.
Creelman, Ramona, $8. Original wid
ows, etc.— Catherine Fitzpatrlck, San
Gregorio. $8.
Washington: Increase — Joseph Reber
Port Madison, $6 to $12.
A postofflce was to-day established at
Pittsburg, Lander County, Nev., and B
L. Hood was appointed Postmaster
Representative Barlow of California
to-day Introduced a bill for the relief
of Mrs. M. Louise Anderson and
Charles Williams of Los Angeles,
OFFICERS WHO
MUST RETIRE
Changes in the Army and
the Navy During the
Present Year.
Five Brigadier-Generals Will
Soon Reach the Age
Limit.
Among Others to Quit Active Duty
Will Be Four Gray-Haired
Captains.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, D. C. Jan. 7.
There will be a great many import
ant changes in the army during the
present year, although the prospects
for promotion are not quite so; good
as they were at the opening of the last
calendar year, during which there
were more retirements and promotions
In the higher grades than any other
year since the war of the rebellion.
Five Brigadier-Generals will be trans
ferred to the retired list on account of
age during the next ten months. Of
those two officers of the line, General
John J. Coppinger and General Wil
liam H. Graham, each in command of
a military department, retire October
11 and Septemeber 28, respectively. The
other three general officers who will re
linquish active service are General
William H. Bell, Commissary-General
of Subsistence, who only reached his
present rank a few weeks ago. He will
retire January 28, and will be followed
in turn by Quartermaster-General
George H. Weeks, who retires Febru
ary 3, and Adjutant-General Samuel
Breck, who will retire February 25.
There will be the usual scramble for
appointments to these prospective va
cancies, and the friends of the numer
ous candidates are already making
preliminary arrangements to bring
about their preferment.
It is practically settled that Colonel
H. C. Cor.bin, the senior colonel in the
Adjutant General's department, will
succeed General Breck at the head of
that department^ There is considerable
uncertainty, however, in regard to the
other vacancies. In addition to the gen
eral's sixteen other officers of the
army, two colonels, three lieutenant
colonels, four majors and seven cap
tains will sever their active connection
with the military service this year.
Four of the captains are now nearing
their sixty-fourth birthday, a state of
affairs that is said to be unprecedented
in the history of any foreign army. it
is considered remarkable that gray
haired men who are grandfathers in
several instances, should, after thirty
or forty years of service, still be exer
cising no higher command than that
of a company of forty or fifty men.
Many prominent officers of the navy
will also be relegated to the retired list
on account of age during the present
year. Rear Admiral L,. A. Beardslee,
who recently commanded the Pacific
station, and who is now on duty in this
city as president of the Naval Examin
ing and Retiring Boards will retire on the
first prom., and Commodore G.S. Nor
ton will become a rear admiral. Six
days later, Rear Admiral T. O. Sel
fridge Jr., commanding the European
squadron, will be placed on the retired
list, thus presenting the unprecedented
spectacle of two officers of the same
name— father and son, being on the re
tired list in the highest possible grade
at the same time.
Rear Admiral T. O. Selfrldge Sr., re
tired, is a resident of this city. He is
over <*0 years of agt-, aud is in good
health for his years.
Other line officers who will be taken
from the active list during the year,
named in the order of their retirement,
are: Commander 8. Beiden, Kear Ad
miral W. A, Kirkland. the senior officer
of the navy, commandant of the Mare
Island navy yard; Rear Admiral M.
Sicard, commanding the North Atlantic
squadron; Kear Admiral E. O. Mathew,
chief of the bureau of yards and docks;
Kear Admiral J. N. Miller, commanding
the Pacific station at Honolulu, and
Commodore J. N. Bunce, commanding
the New York navy yard. The last
named officer will have reached the
grade of rear admiral before the date
of his retirement.
Staff officers who will retire during
the year are: Medical directors, B. H.
Kidder, E. H. Boagart, E. S. McMurtrie
and G. H. Cooke; Pay Director A. J.
Pritchard; Pay Inspector W. W. Wood
hull; chief engineers, If. A. Wilson E.
Farmer, P. Inch, A. Adamson, J. H.
Chasmar and J. W. Stivers: Professor
J. F. Eastman; Naval Constructor J. B.
Hoover and Civil Engineer A. G. Meno
cal. Captain F. B. Rose will be retired
April 15.
HER WOUND WAS
SELF-INFLICTED
Miss Dillard of Eugene Con
fesses That She Shot
Herself.
Offers No Explanation Except That
She Was Suffering From
Nervousness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 7.— The police
at Eugene to-day unraveled the mys
tery surrounding the shooting of Miss
Daisy Dillard on Tuesday evening.
Finding she could not avoid exposure
any longer the girl to-day made a con
fession that she did the shooting her
self. She gives no good reason for the
act, only saying she was despondent
and suffering from nervousness.
According to Miss Dillard's story she
persuaded her mother to go down town
and when she was alone she obtained
a pistol kept in the house and went
outside and shot herself. Finding Bhe
had failed to kill he rself and made only
a llesh wound in the arm she fired a
shot through the window, to make it
appear that she had been shot at from
ambush, and then went screaming to
a neighbor's house. The pistol wan
found where she threw it under the
It is believed that Miss Dillard did
not really intend to commit suicide, but
only wanted to excite sympathy or gain
notoriety. She is an only daughter and
has been petted a grreat deal. She was
given to despondent moods whenever
crossed in her wishes. Some suspicion
was cast upon two or three persons,
bet all are exonerated by her confes
sion.
The returns of the Railway Clearing
House show that on an average 1000
parcels a day are lost on the railways
or the United Kingdom.
FROM CIVIL SERVICE TO CURRENCY DEBATE.
SILVER MEN
ARE HEARD IN
THE SENATE
The Talk Drifts From
Civil Service to
Currency.
Allen Offers a Plan for
Coinage at a Ratio
of 16 to 1.
Teller's Speech a Feature of
the Session of One
Day.
THAT CONSPIRACY STORY.
The Colorado Statesman Arr«lgn>* the
Republican Party for Its Gold
Standard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 7.
The feature of the Senate session was
a speech delivered by Teller of Colorado
regarding the press reports that the
recent efforts to make it appear that
Secretary Gage had tendered his resig
nation as a member of the Cabinet to
President McKinley were part of a con
spiracy of the silver men to disrupt the
Cabinet and create dissension between
the President and his advisers. Teller
branded the publication as an insult to
the advocates of the free coinage of
silver. He was satisfied that the Presi
dent and Secretary Gage were in full
accord upon the financial question. He
attacked the Republican party because
it was a party advocating the gold
standard and expressed his intention
of doing all in his power to defeat the
party in 1900 and to drag the present
administration from power because the
policy of the party was. in his opinion,
inimical to the best and highest inter
ests of the people of the United States.
At the opening of the Senate to-day
the reply o-f the Attorney General to
the Senate resolution calling upon
members of the Cabinet to inform the
Senate what, if any, changes should be
made in the administration of the civil
service law was read.
The Attorney General recommended
that attorneys employed by the De
partment of Justice and Deputy United
States Marshals should be excepted
from the operation of the hi w.
Cockrell said that th» j se recommenda
tions ought to be made to the Pnsl
dent of the United States, as he had
full power to act regarding them.
Cockroll gave notice that, he would
move to refer all the replies of Cabi
net officers to the Senate resolution to
the President himself.
Hoar of BfamachuOTtta said that the
trouble with all these communications
arose from the ill-advised action of the
Senate itself. "It seems to me," said
he, "a most extraordinary proceeding
for the Senate to direct the heads of
departments to give their opinkms as
to the wisdom of the President's ord<»r.
That is what we have done, inadvert
ently, no doubt. Had my attention been
drawn to it I should have moved to
rescind the order."
Allen of Nebraska offered a resolu
tion declaring that the United States
should, independently, and without de
lay, begin and continue the free coin
age of silver at the ratio of 16 to L
That such coinage should be supple
mented by a safe and sound national
paper money, to be issued by the Gov
ernment without intervention of banks,
the notes to be full legal tender and to
be issued in an amount sufficient to
meet the business demands of the coun
try; that any increase of the interest
bearing debt should be prohibited, and
that no Government bonds should be
issued or sold except by specific act of
Congress, and then only in cases of
pressing necessity; that the Govern
ment, in the discharge of its obliga
tions, should use its option as to the
kind of lawful money in which they
should be paid; and that such options
should never be surrendered.
Allen* spoke briefly in favor of the
adoption of the proposition set forth
in his resolution, concluding with the
statement that he would at some sub
sequent time go more fully into the
details of his resolutions and the reso
lutions of the Populist party in favor
of the plan he had set forth.
At the conclusion of Allen's remarks
Teller of Colorado said that he did not
often give heed to publications . con
cerning himself or the convictions of
those who believed as he believed upon
the financial or other questions, but
he felt that a statement recently pub
lished—which is, in fact, now going
the rounds of the press — was a • gra
tuitous insult to those who believed
upon the financial question as he be
lieved. "This statement shows," said
he, "that many of those who attempt
to deal with this question have no
nearer comprehension of it. They re
gard it as merely a local matter to be
considered and discussed from the
standpoint of their selfish or local in
terests."
Teller then read from a newspaper
the article of which he complained. In
brief it charged that the recent re
ports to the effect that the Secretary
of the Treasury had tendered his res
ignaton were the result of a conspira
cy to create trouble between the Presi
dent and his Secretary of the Treas
ury, and perhaps to disrupt the Cabi
net.
"I resent this charge." said Teller,
with great emphasis. "I do not be
lieve that it comes from the Secretary
of the Treasury, or that he believe any
such thing-. We— those who believe on
the financial questions as I do— differ
from the Secretary of the Treasury and
the great Republican organization
which is now in power in this rnuntry
The rightful or wrongful solution of
this great question will not only af
fect the people of the United State?
but the people of the whole world I
resent most emphatically the imputa
tion that any other but the broadest
consideration and reasons have in
fluenced me or molded my sentiments
I ought not to be charged with such a
dirty ins nuation as is contained in
this article, it is perfectly plain that
to-day the Republican party is the
SHI! < *$.*Bssr
party of the gold standard, and it is
equally plain that there is no distinc
tion between the sentiments of the
President and the Secretary of the
Treasury upon this question."
Teller then discussed at length the
efforts that have been made to obtain
an international agreement upon the
silver question. He declared that ev
ery intelligent person knew when the
message of the President was laid be
fore Congress, on the 24th day of last
,July asking for a monetary commis
sion, there was no possibility of an in
ternational agreement.
Teller quoted from Secretary Gage's
statement before the House Banking
and Currency Committee, indicating
that it was the desire of the Secretary
to commit the country thoroughly to
the gold standard.
He referred in terms of high respect
to the Secretary personally, and ex
pressed his gratification that Mr., Gage
had the courage of his convictions and
was willing to stand squarely on his
opinions. The Secretary was, in the
opinion of Mr. Teller, an exception in
this respect to many other prominent
Republicans.
Chandler of New Hampshire said he
desired to call the attention of the Sen
ator from Colorado to a matter which
he was evidently overlooking.
"The point I make," said -Chandler,
"is that the President speaks for him
self either through State papers or
in such other manner as he may deem
wise, and he is not to be judged by
what his Secretary of the Treasury
may say upon any question. Neither
is he to be judged by the utterances
of the Senator from Indiana, made in
the full flush of enthusiasm of his en
trance into the Senate of the United
States before an audience of his con
stituents in Indianapolis. The Presi
dent, as I said, must of course speak
for himself, and we cannot fairly
judge him or his opinions by the ut
terances of anybody else."
Chandler maintained that the Sena
tor from Colorado (Teller) was doing
much to prevent the successful frui
tion of the efforts to bring about in
ternational bimetallism.
He thought that such efforts as the
Colorado Senator was making were not
only unfair, but unwise in view of his
(Teller's) heretofore expressed desire to
bring about international bimetallism.
He hoped, therefore, that he would do
nothing to paralyze the efforts now
making in favor of an international
agreement upon the silver question.
"I should like to bring about inter
national bimetallism," said Teller, "and
I think I have done as much to bring
it about as any man in this chamber,
if I except the Senator who sits in front
of me (Allison). When he returned
from Europe, however, without success,
I felt that it was practically useless to
proceed further in that direction."
Incidentally, Teller drifted into a dis
cussion of the foreign relations of the
United States. He maintained that the
money power held the cquntry so firmly
within its grasp that the Government
was unable to take such action on for-
eign questions as the people desired
should be taken. He hoped that the
time would soon come when we would
s;«y to a fifth rate power like Spain:
"Take your hands off that bountiful
island — an island which you have near
ly ti> populated," and say it, too, with
out fear of the opinion of the money
power.
•'I do not believe," said Teller, "that
war would result if we should put our
hands out to support Cuba. It would
be a humane thing for us to do — a rea
sonable and just act. The French came
to us at a time when we were strug
gling as are the Cubans, and it is
doubtful whether we could have
achieved our independence without
their aid."
At the conclusion of Teller's speech,
Turner of Washington called up the im
migration bill, saying that as he was
about to leave the city, he desired to
submit some remarks upon the pend
ing measure. He strongly opposed the
bill. He was not in favor of an edu
cational qualification and insisted that
the enactment of that feature of the
bill into the law would falsify the en
tire record of this country. His speech
was mainly directed against what he
termed the transportation monopoly
and other trusts.
Fairbanks of Indiana gave notice of
a speech in support of the immigration
bill next Tuesday.
Butler of North Carolina presented a
joint resolution proposing an amend
ment to the constitution providing for
the election of a Federal judiciary by
the people. The resolution went to the
table to permit Butler to make a speech
on it.
A message from the President in
formed the Senate that the sale of the
Kansas Pacific Railroad had been post
poned to February 16-19, and also sub
mitted the agricultural department re
port on experimental stations.
At 2:45 o'clock the Senate went into
executive session and at 3:10 adjourned
until Monday.
GERMANY NOW
SEEKS RECIPROCITY
Indicates a Willingness to
Negotiate a New-
Treaty.
Proposes a Conference of European
Powers to Secure the Aboli
tion of Bounties.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Germany has indicated to the United
States Government her willingness to
negotiate a treaty of reciprocity. I un
derstand the German Government has
taken the initiative In proposing a con
ference of the representatives of all Eu
ropean powers to secure the abolition
of bounties on sugar and other prod
ucts. When the Dingley bill was un
der discussion Baron Yon Thielmann,
the -German Embassador, made an
earnest effort to have omitted from the
bill the provision which imposes an ad
ditional duty on air goods imported to
the United States upon which an ex
port bounty had been paid. This pro
vision was intended especially to cover
sugar brought in from Germany and
other European countries.
The effect of this provision has been
to discourage the importation of Ger
man beet sugars into the United States
and it is believed in administration cir
cles that it is largely upon this account
that the German Government is seek
ing the abolition of all bounties on
common products. Besides Germany
France. Belgium, Austria, the Nether '
lands Denmark. Russia and Spain pay
bounties, most of them on beet su^r
I understand Baron - yon Hn , Ft
the new German > EmbassaoS^
called at the State Dentrt^T; ha
discussed matters w?th Mr K? sson *th
special reciprocity commissar "it*
not likely any concessions will be eiv-n
on sugars nor on anything. I wlf tniS
to-day, until the Berlin Government
and O caUle eStrlCtiOnS on beef
ARGUMENTS
ON THE CIVIL
SERVICE LAW
Members of the House
Yet in the Throes
of Debate.
Gillette Arraigns Those
Who Favor the Spoils
System.
Personalities Indulged In by
Several Opposing
Statesmen.
TAMMANY HALL FIGURES.
Vandiver of Missouri Refers to Ex-
President Cleveland as "His Fat
Witted Excellency."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, Jan. 7.
Before the debate on the Civil Service
question was resumed In the House to
day an ineffectual attempt was made
to agree upon a time for the termina
tion of it. Gillette (R.) of Massachu
setts then took the floor in support of
the law. He maintained the argu
ments of Grosvenor and Landis against
the law were both in reality a strong
arraignment of the spoils system. He
denied that the scope of the executive
order of May 6, 1896, was not under
stood when the St. Louis platform waa
adopted.
Gillette commented wittily on the
spectacle of the white-haired veteran.
General Grosvenor, leading the young
hotspurs of the party in the battle for
the spoils.
Cummings (D.) of New York an
nounced himself an implacable foe
against the whole system of civil serv
ice reform. Roscoe Conkling, who, in
his opinion, was the greatest Senator
New York had ever known, had once
spoken, he said, of the "dreary drivel
of snivel service reform." He had nev
er appreciated it so much as he had
during this day's debate. Cummings
said the hostility to the system had
been steadily growing. "The system
is doomed," said he, "and one of the
factors in its destruction is Tammany
Hall."
Bartholdt (R.) of Missouri took oc
casion to defend Carl Schurz from
what he termed the slanders heaped
upon that gentleman by Grosvenor.
The intimation that there was a stain
upon his personal honor was an insult
to the German-American, whose con
fidence Schurz had retained for years.
At 4:55 the House adjourned.
EVERY time you see
spots before your eyes
you must know that you
are weak in some way.
Waste is going on some-
where. Bad dreams
show the same thing.
Nervous and depressed
moods mean debility.
You are getting to be an
old man before your time. Why
go around in that way? " Let
the rich, warm blood go bound-
ing through your veins again as
it did when you were in the
prime of youthful vigor. "Hud-
yan" will ensure this to you. It
will stop the drains at once. It
will make you feel better from
the very start. . Make you feel
brim full of happiness, and you
•will know again the great pleas-
ure of manhood in all its prime.
Write and ask what it has done
for others.
EVERY case yields at once
to its wonderful power.
It is harmless, though.
The weak back becomes
strong; the feeling of
strength and big power
, returns. There is no
doubt at all about it.
"Hudyan" cures! All
the information about
"Hudyan" and what it has done
as well as circulars, and testi-
monials are sent free to you. »
If you have ulcers in the mouth,
have loosening teeth, copper- ;
colored spots en the body, fall-
Ing out of hair or any symptom
[ of blood taint you should at
once' consult the doctors. You
will get free medical advice
that is not equaled on this con-
| tinent. And ask for free "30-
day blood cure" circulars too.
No charge at all!
Hudson Medical Institute,
-Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,- ;
SAN ?. FRANCISCO.
£LIXiRQF V?r*lUlWi
.strar tr n^M^ coj
WEAK MEN P^; CURkD FR «
THE PHYSICIANS' INSTITUTE,
1967 Masonic Temple, Chicago. 111.
• i ' '.■"■ ,-'-■•'. . ■•■-,.■.;--.-■./.■«.■ .-WEBB'S FOES
STRIKING IN
THE DARK
of an Anon
ymous Demand for
Money.
'■ '•'
TThe Los Angeles School
Director Urged to "See
Trowbridge."
Given an Intimation That $SOO
Would Conciliate the
"Times."
THE AUTHOR IS UNKNOWN.
Iso Effort Made by the Newspaper to
Discover Who Mad© Use of
Its Name.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 7.— Now that
there has come a lull in the investiga
tion by the Hoard of Education of the
charges against Walter L. Webb of
having "held up" school employes, pub
lic attention has been directed to one
of the peculiar and unexplained fea
tures of this sensation-breeding scan
dal. Included in the signed state
ment of Webb published on January 4
In The Call was the following:
I am unable to say whether a letter
■which I received, directed to me, shortly
after these troubles began, BUgi
that I give $r>o> to a certain reporter of
the Times, would be any correct Indli ation
of why I have boon attacked so bitterly,
■ : by the Times especially.
When Webb was asked more partic
ularly about this epistle he produced
.it for the inspection of The Call cor
respondent and allowed a photograph
HOLDING UP MR. WEBB.
Fac-Similes of the Note Sent to the Los Angeles School
Director and of the Back of the Envelope in
Which It Came.
to be taken of it. The letter was un-
Eigned and the postoffice stamp on the
face of the envelope shows that it was
delivered on November 26, ISS7. It Is
as follows:
"You need the Times. Trowbridge
needs money. See Trowbridge. $500."
This epigrammatic production is writ
ten by a hand that is evidently accus
tomed to pen or pencil. It shows a
matured style of chiro&raphy, and has
.marked characteristics. The capital
"T," repeated three times, stands out
conspicuously, and the production of
this note may probably lead to the de
n of the writer of it. The ad-
dress written on the envelope is en
tirely different, so far as handwriting
ta concerned, from that in the note.
..Here is what "Webb has to say with
r- JV-rence to the note:
"I received this letter through the
mails in the room of the Board of Edu
cation in the presence of J. A. Foshay
. and H". G. Johnson. I opened it at the
-' time and Bhowed it to Mr. (v.nrey, a
member of the Board of Education, on
the same day. I also showed it to the
i-ity editor of the Times, Mr. Trow
bridge, and two other gentlemen a few
days later, on their request to be per
mitted to see it. I am certainly of the
■ n that it was written and sent to
me for the purpose of holding me up. J
have no idea that Air. Trowbridge had
anytftng to do with it, and do not be
lieve that he is capable of doing such
a thing. Mr. Mclnerney, another mem
ber of the board, received a similar let-
ter about the same time, I believe."
A visit was paid to Mr. Mclnerney,
and he said that he had received such
.munication. After inspecting the
Webb letter he declared that the note
d received wa^ about the same,
'hat the handwriting, so far as he
?"*'mernl><-r<'d it, bore a great rt^sem
■ to that in Webb's note. Melner
1 that the suggestion made to
liim was to pay only $300. He was una
•■ to find th<- note, he said, and be
lieved he had destroyed it.
A-s Mr. Trowbridge's name was
. r ht into th>- case, h«- was s^pn and
asked if he wished to say anything in
reference to it. H<- submitted the fol
lowing statement in writing:
It is unnecessary fur me to make any
to The Call. Walter Webb's
• lion that I was opneerned in an at
temptto hoi. l him up lias been proved to
be a lie. The facts and th< evidence were
V i£j ' ] Vitl:";V itl: " ; hl "''• Timea of January
admission on J >.-<•.. niber 4
that ho know I had nothing to do with
lht> anonymous lettfr. and would not be
suspected of having any knowledge of it,
ib sufficient answer to anything he may
Say ii«.\v. J
SEORGE M. TROWBRIDGE.
If is but fair to Mr. Webb to state
that he had not accused and does not
Mr. Trowbrldge of any partici
pation in the alleged attempt to "hold
him up.'.'
In justice to Mr. Trowbridge it must
be said that no one who knows him be
lieves for a moment that he would
stoop to such a thing as is implied In
the Webb note. In the Times article
referred to by Mr. Trowbridge it is also
shown by means of affidavits that
Trowbridgc's skirts are entirely clean.
Comment is then made on the note by
the Times as followsa
The unsigned note XXX proved to be
only an anonymous, irresponsible scrawl,
that might have been prepared by any
body having the purpose to assist Webb
by impugning the motives of persons en
gaped in the work of investigating the
school scandal or to injure Mr. Trow
bridge by maliciously misrepresenting
him.
In view of the fact that more than a
month has elapsed since this letter was
brought to the attention of the Times,
people are wondering why the Times
has made no effort, so far as known, to
discover the writer of the anonymous
note. The question that is now beini?
asked in Los Angeles is: How much
have the anonymous enemies of Walter
L. Webb paid for the services of the
organ that has so notoriously, malic
iously and persistently misrepresented
him. Said Mr. Webb to-day:
"When this Investigation is over we
shall go can-fully over the articles pub
lished in the Times. Herald and Ex
press and then prosecute the guilty
ones — newspapers and persons — who
have made themselves liable for libel,
civilly and criminally."
When th>- grand jury meets on Mon
day, beside taking up the case of J. H.
Braly. the school director and banker,
who "shaved" school teachers' war
rants, that body will take evidence in
reference to returning indictments
against ex-School Director Adams and
C. H. Axtell for perjury in connection
with their testimony in the Webb case.
SENSATIONAL TRAGEDY
ON THE BANKS OF A CREEK.
Prominent Tennessee Doctor Decoyed by a
Note and Shot by a Woman, Who
Also Killed Herself.
MEMPHIS. Term.. Jan. 7.— A sensa
tional tragedy occurred on the banks
of Noncennah ("reek, in the outskirts
of Memphis, this afternoon. Dr. S. A.
Rogers, professor of anatomy at the
Memphis Medical College, ex-president
of the Board of Health and one of the
mi'Ht prominent physicians of this city,
was Bhot by Mrs. Mary Sandbrink, a
widow, and to-night lies in a dying
condition at St. Joseph's Hospital.
After shooting Dr. Ropers the woman
turned the revolver to her breast and
sent a bullet through her heart. No
one witnessed the shooting.
A farmer and his hired hands went
to the assistance of the wounded man,
and he was lifted into a buggy and
carried to Memphis for medical treat
ment. Pr. Ropers was shot in the
back, the bullet striking the spinal col
umn. The body of the unfortunate
woman was removed to the home of
her relatives.
Before lapsing into unconsciousness
Dr. Rogers blamed hte woman for the
deed, saying that she had decoyed him
to the place by writing him a note. It
is said that she was infatuated with
th,e doctor, and on one occasion threat
ened to kill herself in his presence.'
The family claim that Dr. Rogers has
broken an engagement to marry her.
LAW ASKED FOR
BY LABORERS
Urge the Passage of an Act
Embracing Proposed
Reforms.
Special Dlspat'h to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— The execu
tive committee of the American Feder
ation of Labor, consisting of President
Gompers, Secretary Morrison and An
drew Furuseth, has issued an address
to the members of the Fifty-fifth Con
gress. After calling attention to the
introduction of modern machinery and
the new business methods and the com
petition of convict labor, by whom
wage-workers are forced into idleness
and want, the committee says it feel
that it has a right to bring its griev
ances to the attention of the law
making power and to expect such
definite measures of relief as seem
most likely to improve our condition
and preserve our independence and
freedom as workers and citizens; p.nd,
therefore, we urge your earnest con
sideration of, and your best efforts In,
enacting into law the following meas
ures:
First— An eight-hour working day on
all public works; such law to provide
that all contractß or sub-contracts for
materials furnished or work done
must contain a proviso that eight
hours shall be the maximum labor of
any one individual in any one calendar
day.
Second— ln order to stop the indis
criminate and dangerous use of the
writ of injunction we urge the adop
tion of. Senate bill 35.
Third — In order in some degree to
lessen the competition of convict labor
we urge the adoption of a law to pro
hibit the transportation of prison
made goods from one State into any
other State or Territory.
Fourth — We urge the adoption of a
reasonable law to restrict undesirable
immigration, such law to be based on
an educational qualification.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CAIAj, SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898.
OFFERS TO RENT
A RAILROAD TRAIN.
President Ripley of the Santa Fe
Wants to Give the Populists
Some Practical Experience
in Railroading.
"WICHITA. Kans.. Jan. 7.— President E. P. Ripley, of the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway system, in answer to a series of articles
written by John Davis, Populist ex-Congressman from the Fifth District,
and Hon. W. F. Brown, Populist Representative from Pratt County, In
which his company is violently attacked and accused of making exces
sive freight and passenger charges, to-day made a proposition to lease
a train for one year to the Populist party of Kansas. He declares that
the actual cost of passenger service is never less than $1 a train mile,
and in order to prove that he is sincere in his declaration that first
class passenger service does not pay its cost, he makes the following
proposition in the Kansas Commoner, the leading Populist paper of
Kansas, on behalf of the Santa Fe Road:
"I am entirely willing and I make this now as an official statement
to let the Populists of Kansas carry out their theories and get all the
profit from it. I do not believe that anybody has ever figured on the cost
of passenger service as being less than $1 a train mile. At 3 cents a mile
it cakes thirty-four people on each train to pay this, at 2 cents it takes
fifty people, at 1 cent it would take a hundred people, and at half a
cent it would take 200 people. Now the Santa Fe road is entirely
anxious to make whatever rate will most surely produce this $1 per train
mile return. To show that we are in earnest, the Santa Fe road will
lease to the Populist party of the State of Kansas a train to run from
any point in Kansas on our lines to any other point every day in the
year, at a rate of $1 per mile. The parties renting the train shall receive
all fares and farm the travel out to suit themselves. They will only
have to pay us $10 each way, if the train runs 10 miles, or $100 each
way if the train runs 100 miles. They can make the passenger rate so
low that everybody will travel, or they can do with it as they please.
"This offer is not made as a 'bluff.' but it is a serious business prop
osition. If it is a Tact tnat somebody else can make more money out of
the passenger service on the Santa Fe road than we can, by charging
lower rates, we are entirely willing that they should make It. I shall
be very glad to have this* offer taken up.
'"You will understand that I am not offering to put on a special
train for a single day or a single run at that rate. The train must be
scheduled and run each way every day. rain or shine, and whether
there is anybody to go or not, Just as our present trains do, but the
lessee may fix the running time and place."
FOREMEN ARE
TAKEN TO TASK
Secretary Long Acts on
Their Conduct at
Mare Island.
They Must Not Use Harsh or
Abusive Language to
Subordinates.
Men Clothed In Petty Authority Given
a Lesson by the Head of the
Navy Department.
Special Dtepatch to The CalL
Call Office. Riggs House.
Washington, Jan. 7.
Secretary Long to-day sent the fol
lowing letter to the Commandant of
the Navy-yard at Mare Island. Cal.:
"Referring to the investigation made
by Lieutenant J. J. Knapp, U. S. N., in
obedience to the department's orders
on November 19, 1897, while the report
of Lieutenant Knapp shows that no
change is necessary among the fore
men, the department is not at all sat
! Isfied that Foreman Laborer \V. 1. Sar-
I gent, in the Department of Yards and
j Docks, and Master Joiner Robert
i Hood, Master Painter EL T. Glllard,
; and Quarterman Laborer-ln-Charge
John Sh-an in the Department of Con
struction and Repair, have not been In
the habit of using very proper lun
j guage to the veterans and other em
ployea under them, and the Depart
; ment Infers that they are in the habit
; of using language which is properly
i subject to criticism. In their language
i and bearing toward the veterans and
other employes the Department ex
) pects them to avoid offensiveness.
"It should be borne in mjnd that fore-
I men can be firm and get the best work
j out of their men without the uf" of
insulting and humiliating language.
Persons to whom power and authority
are given over subordinates should
conduct themselves in manner and
speech in such a way as to gain the re-
I spect of those whose work they direct.
j I want you to call the above named
I men before you and read this letter to
them and tell them that further of
f< ns>- of this kind will be considered a
reason for discipline.
"The department has confidence In
the ability and integrity of Naval Con
structor William J. Baxter, U. S. N
and Civil Engineer R. C. HoUtday, V.
R. N., and so far as it has been in
formed has no criticism to make con
cerning the manner in which they have
enforced the labor regulations and con
ducted their work, but it desires you to
; impress upon their minds that it is
their duty as responsible heads of de
partments to demand that their fore
! men and other men in charee should
j at all times in their official relations be
j civil in manner and speech toward
I their subordinates."
The Public Will Know
To-day Is the time set for the begin
ning of one of the largest furniture and
carpet sales ever heard of. The Patto
slen Company, on Sixteenth and Mission
streets, will commence to dispose of 124
carloads of furniture which they bought
from the West Michigan Furniture Co
for a trifle. People will travel for miles
to see fine oak polished dining-room
chairs selling at me, mahogany or oak
parlor tables at Csc. velvet carpets at fiOc
per yard, good Brussels carpets at 50c. All
other goods will open the eyes of buyers
Free rides to all buyers to and from the
store during this sale. »
FROM THIS COUNTRY TO
THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
Senator Lodge Introduces a Bill Providing
for the Construction of a Pacific
Cable.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7. — Senator
Lodge to-day introduced a bill to pro
vide for the construction of a tel
egraphic cable from this country to
the Hawaiian Islands and Japan,
China and Australia. The bill grants
a subsidy of $125,000 a year for twenty
years on the service to Hawaii and an
additional $75,000 a year for the same
length of time for the extension of the
line to Japan or Australia. A survey
by the Secretary of the Navy to ascer
tain the most feasible route is author
ized.
BETRAYED BY
HIS LIKENESS
Burglar Roup Blames
"The Call" for His
Conviction.
His Capture Brought About by
the Publication of His
Portrait.
Would Not Dlvuln* His True Name
and Bring Dis. trace Upon
Relatives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. 7.— Some important
statements of Burglar Roup, who was
sentenced to life imprisonment from
the Superior Court of this county yes
terday, have come, to light. He said
to his attorney:
"I don't care a cent what disposi
tion the court may mnke of me. I am
nobody anyhow. Th.' penitentiary is
tht> place for puch fellowi as I. My
principal regret is that The Call got
hold of my picture. Isy it I was ex
posed. I am a criminal, I know, but
not a desperate character. I have re
spectable relatives living In Philadel
phia, and for $1, 000,000 I would not di
vulge my true name. As for Ham, the
Judge— to the devil with him. He will
deprive me of my liberty for life, and
unjustly, too. Next Sunday he will go
to church with his Bible and make all
sorts of amends to his Lord. That
Call— l hate the name' It got hold of
my picture and showed me up to the
world.
"I burglarized Mather's house and
committed other crimes, but why
should I be pestered in this way? God
grant that the prison may not be my
home forever, and that I shall have a
chance to demonstrate to the world
that I am capable of being a good
man. I want to get out among the
men of the world, and live as my
mother taught me to live. I am hon
est at heart.
"Curse my persecutors. Good-by.
I hope to see you again in freedom."
DEATH OF THE EDITOR OF
THE BRITISH MEDICAL JOURNAL
Career of Ernest Hart. Who Was Con-
spicuous for His Devotion to the Social
and Sanitary Progress of London.
L.ONDON, Jan. 7.— Ernest Hart, edi
tor of the British Medical Journal, is
dead.
Mr. Hart has been conspicuous for his
devotion to social and sanitary pro
gress in London. He established a so
ciety for the abatement of smoke and
instituted cheap concerts for the poor.
As chairman of the parliamentary bills
committee of the British Medical Asso
ciation he took an active part in pro
moting a better organization of the
medical departments of the British
army and navy.
Among sanitary investigations he es
pecially Inquired into the various epi
demics due to the pollution of milk, and
devised a scries of regulations for safe
guarding the milk supply of towns.
Winners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 7.— The sen
sational Incident developed by to-day's
card was Robert Bonner's win with a
couple of small bets, on, at 100 to 1.
Seaport and Sligo were the only win
ning favorites.
Six furlongs, selling. Albert Vale won
Everest second. Miss Rowett third. Time!
1:10*4.
One mile, selling. Seaport won. Tabou
ret second. Percy F third. Time 1:43*4.
One mile and twenty yards, selling
Robert Bonner won. Loyalty second An
ger third. Time. 1:451*.
Thirteen-slxteenths of a . mile, handi
cap, Sligo won, Dave S second. Brother
Fred third. Time. 1:23.
Six furlongs, Forbush won. Belle of
Memphis second. Flop third. Time 1:15^.
The fac-simile f7& /if** f-"**f -"** is on every wrapper
signature of WZk//z/<Uc«*M • of CASTOEIA.
FEAR AN
EPIDEMIC
OF SCURVY
Men Back From the
Klondike Predict
Suffering.
Dawson Adopts a Ration
System to Guard
Against Famine.
Further Exodus From the Dig
gings Prevented by Lack
of Dogs.
LOSSES BY THE FIRE.
Value of the Property Destroyed
Estimated at Eighty Thou-
Band Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU. Jan. 3.— Via Seat
tle. Jan. 7.— There arrived to
night on the City of Seattle
about twenty more Yukoners, a
few of whom left Dawson as
late as the sth. They said the
trail was good, so many having
traveled over it to keep it open,
and, having good weather, they
made good time.
A boy of 17 is at Five Fingers
with his feet so badly frozen
that they had to be amputated.
Two men in a cabin there re
fused to take him in unless
paid $500. His uncle paid the
money, and the boy was left
there. He is Willie Byrnes of
Chicago.
TheFf> latest comers say scur
vy is likely to be bad in Daw
pon, and that working will
be much retarded for want of
lights. They do not believe
there will be any starvation, as
the whole town is to be put on
rations, and there has been a
great exodus down the river.
They all express an opinion that
the Government relief expedi
tion will be useless if attempted
as early as intimated.
HAL HOFFMAN.
JTTNEAU. Jan. 2, via Seattle— The
steamer Mayflower, from Skaguay,
catne into this port last night at 11
o'clock. On board were seven Yukoners.
There were three parties. W. H. Woods,
J. H. Brown and D. P. Bailey composed
one, John Zinzirle, John Browell and
John Obleiser composed the second
party.
The "Woods party left Dawson on
November 29 at noon. It started with
four dogs and three sleds, arriving at
Dyea with one sled only, and four
dogs, on December 28. The Browell
party left Dawson on November 26.
Woods states that between the 24th
and the 29th. nearly 100 men left Daw
son, but they passed these on the
way. Probably another hundred or so
will follow, but not more, as dogs are
now scarce in Dawson. He describes
the fire at Dawson City on Thanks
giving eve, and says it destroyed only
one block, at a loss of about $80,000.
Woods said:
"The flre broke out In the 'M. &
M." saloon, owned by Pete McDonald.
It started from a defective flue in the
upper story of the building. The near
est buildings in this block were the
opera-house, the Dominion saloon and
a butcher shop. All efforts to extin
guish the flames were fruitless, but the
bar fixtures, said to be the finest in
Alaska, and the whisky were taken
out and saved.
"That evening a dodger had been
circulated by the proprietors of the
opera-house to advertise a dance. At
the bottom were these words: 'A hot
time in Dawson to-night.' It seems
they got returns from this 'ad.! Next
the opera-house building caught fire.
Everything was running full blast.
About twenty girls were masquerad
ing with their partners when the
alarm of fire whs given. Everybody
rushed out into the street. In a few
minutes the opera-house, a frame
building 50 by 100 feel. «vas under con
trol of the fire fiend. The next build
ings to go were the Dominion saloon
and butcher shop. The gambling ta
bles and bar fixtures of the opera
house were piled up in the street, but
the fire destroyed two casks of coal
oil, which was being sold at $30 a gal
lon. "While the whisky was being
saved six outfits were destroyed."
Major Walsh is still at Big Salmon
waiting for dogs and supplies.
HAL HOFFMAN.
FLED FROM STARVATION.
Latest Arrivals From Dawson Predict
Suffering in the Spring.
SEATTLE. Jan. 7.— About forty re
turning Klondlkers reached here to-day
on the steamer City of Seattle. The
amount of gold they brought is var
iously, estimated from J50.000 to $100.
000. Most of them are men who went
into Dawson during the past summer
and now return to escape the impend
ing food famine. With scarcely an ex
ception they will all go back in the
spring with big quantities of provis
ions.
Tho reports brought out by these
venturesome miners, as well as Infor
mation gleaned from various letters,
indicate beyond question that the
Government relief expedition cannot
start any too soon. To avoid great
physical suffering and the dangers in
cident to an effort to come out over
ice and snow It is necessary that food
be taken to the unfortunate miners in
the Klondike district. Of the men who
came down on the steamer to-day
some left Dawson as late as December
7. although the most of them started
during the latter part of November.
The Jast party to leave Dawson was
composed of John Burke, J. M. Kepner
and French Delourge. Just previous to
their departure Captain Geiger came
down over the ice from Circle City and
reported a shortage of food at that
point. The miners who sought refuge
there will be compelled to procure sup
plies from Fort Yukon.
For a number of years John Roberts
was on the detective force of this city.
He went to Dawson last spring 1 , but
returned to-day because of a scarcity
of fcod. He said to-night to Th-i Call
correspondent:
"Men who say there is plenty of
food in the Klondike and there is
likely to be a famine have some motive
in telling this untruth. If there is not
danger of starvation why is it that so
many are leaving? In my opinion there
is going to be great want and suffering
before spring. I personally know a
large number of miners in the district
who have not nearly enough food to
carry them through the winter, and,
furthermore, provisions are harder to
get than gold there."
J. M. Kepner left Dawson December
7. He says: "It is, useless to deny that
there is a shortage of food around
Dawson. I personally know scores of
good men who are facing the long win
ter on one sack of flour and a small
amount of beans, bacon and coffee. It
will be a godsend if the Government
can succeed in getting in provisions."
An old Yukoner who came down to
day is John Bourke, who thus ex
pressed himself: "I don't want to scare
any one, but there are not enough
provisions in Dawson to feed the peo
ple there. Those who sold their out
fits and came out helped things some;
but when you can't buy flour there's
no comfort in saying there'll be no
starvation. I did not want to take
chances and left."
Barney McGee, formerly an old rail
road man running between Seattle and
St. Paul, sent down a letter from
Dawson to James Gill of this city. He
says: "There is not a day that some one
does not come to the cabin begging
for bread, and they are all willing to j
pay for it. There is going to be lots
of suffering here before the boats
come up in June. Over 3000 men are
in camp doing nothing but eating their
little grub. They think more of a meal
than they do of $100 outside; and oh!
how they watch their grub. People in
tents keep a man on watch all night
to guard against theft of food."
One of the most prominent of return
ing Klondikers is T. B. Corey of this
city, for many years mine superin
tendent for the Oregon Improvement
Company. He says that unless relief
is taken in the miners will experience
extreme suffering. Before leaving
Dawson Corey visited the stores and
observed that where miners had put
in orders for th-?ir year's supply of
provisions, including from eight to ten !
sacks of flour, but one or two sacks at
most were allowed to each order.
D. P. Bailey of San Francisco has re- \
turned after a two years' stay in the
Yukon country. He left Dawson on j
November 29, at which time, he says,
hundreds of men were preparing to j
leave owing to the shortage of food. !
He believes that if the government sup- |
plies can be gotten in soon the majority j
of those now coming out would turn i
back. Their trip to the coast is forced !
by the fact that all cannot stay and live
on the food supply. The men coming
are starting light and buy at extrava
gant rates food from miners camped
along the trail, who sell merely because
they get big money for their gooas.
Bailey further says that serious results
will follow by reason of an epidemic of
scurvy.
A. Deraux of Seattle left Dawson be
cause of the probable shortage of food.
"There will be actual want in the
spring months of March. April and May
and the fore part of June, unless food
reaches the Klondike district before
that time."
In a letter dated "Dawson, Novem
ber 30," J. K. Dillon writes to H. R.
Clise of this city as follows:
"Times are lively here and the coun
try has great prospects if there was
only grub. There surely will be some
hungry men in this camp this winter.
There are men going outside who have
good claims but no food."
Lets a Contract for Bacon.
VANCOUVER BARRACKS. "Wash.,
Jan. 7. — Captain D. L. Brainard to
day awarded to C. H. Frye of Seattle
the contract for furnishing 75.000 pounds
of bacon at $7 95 per 100 pounds for the
Yukon rflief expedition. All proposals
for 500 pounds of tea and 5000 pounds of
rice were rejected and Captain Brainard
to-day purchased these articles in open
market in Portland. The total cost of
the 100,000 rations, including chocolate,
butter and milk, aggregates about $16,
000.
If the Height jllp^ §w
Average !Man x
Were Increased^M^^y^P'
Light His Cigar j»^^^P.
at a Lamp-post ffl|i Ifliy&f'
I
>
This will give" you some idea of the in-
crease in size of
PLUG TOBACCO
(CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR)
Size of plug" increased nearly one-half. No
increase in price
Ask for the new 5 -cent piece.
BLANCO TO
SOON ENTER
THE FIELD
Preparing to Meet
General Gomez in
Person.
But Whether It Will Be in
Peace or Battle Is
Conjecture.
Rumors That Lee and Palma
Are to Go With the Troops
Also Circulated.
FORCES TO MEET IN EAST.
It Is Believed That the Captain-Gen
eral of Cuba Will Personally
Offer Autonomy. "
Copyright. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Jan ; 7.— Captain-General
Blanco is, as I write, preparing to take
the field in person. He is about to
leave Havana, and, according to all re
forts, he will endeavor to locate Gen
eral Maximo Gomez, commander-in
chief of the rebels, before he returns.
Whether General Blanpo is going in
arms or whether he is bound for tha
Sancti Spiritus district with the idea
of a personal interview with General
Gomez are questions that are being
asked on all sides to-day. r
"Whether peace or a renewed war on
the rebels be his object, it is a fact that
for several weeks General Blanco has
been sending re-enforcements to the
east. These new troops, numbering
altogether more than 10,000, may have
gone on to the Coutoriver district or
may have stopped this side of there,
nearer Le Reforma, where General
Gomez has been for many months.
It was reported to-day that Consul-
General Fitzhugh Lee would accom
pany General Blanco. "When I saw-
General Lee he declined to say any
thing definite. There was also a rumor
that Senor T. Estrada Palma, head of
the Cuban Junta in New York, is com
ing to Cuba to see General Blanco,
NEW TO-DAY.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY.
If you are suffering 1 from the results of
indiscretions of youth, op from excesses
of any kind in maturer years; or If you
have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back. Va-
ricocele. Rupture, exhaustive drains,
etc., you should waste no time, but con-
sult this Great Specialist; he speedily
and permanently cures all diseases of
Men and "Women. Call on or write him to-
day. He can cure you. Valuable Book
sent Free. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
56
SATURDAY JANUARY 8, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts- S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson stree
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY^ Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
IS'EW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON I D. C. OFFICE Ri£2« House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay;
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street; open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAllister street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth end Mission streets; open until
fc o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen untli 9:20 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
ar)d Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Henrietta."
California— "At Gay Coney Island."
. Alcazar— -The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Morosco's— District Fair."
Tl roll —"Mother Goose."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Buah— The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co. to-morrow night
The Chutes— VauCeviUe-
Oberon Cosmopolitan Orchestra,
lngleslde Track— Races to-day.
Coursing*— lngrleslde Coursing- Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By Klll'p & Co.— Monday, January 10. Horses, at corner Van
JCef>H avenue and Market sts., at 11 o'clock.
A RECORD-BREAKING PEAT.
A FEAT that breaks the record of marvels ac
complished by telegraphy was achieved yester
day by the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany in supplying The Call with news connected with
the Durrant case. It consisted in the transmission
from Washington of the decision of the Supreme
Court in a time so brief that within fifteen seconds
after the decision was handed down by the court the
report: of it was displayed on The Call's bulletin
boards in San Franc ;
The decision was given in the court at 1:05 p. m.
Washington time, and as the difference in standard
tine between the two cities is three hours and two
minutes, this was equivalent to 10:03 a. m. in San
Francisco. The report was placed on The Call bul
letins at 10 :03 11 4 — fifteen seconds later.
This feat surpasses all records in the way of news
gathering, transmission and publication across the
continent. Its effect was such that if the decision of
the court had been favorable to Durrant the news
could have been transmitted from The Call office to
San Quentin prison in time to have reached the War
den before the execution took place at 10:34.
In connection with this marvel of speed and ac
curacy it may be noted that the Western Union serv
ice enabled The Call to surpass the Examiner in the
local field also by as much as fourteen minutes in
getting from San Quentin to this city the news of the
execution. By arranging a system of signals from
the prison to the telegraph operator the announce
ment of every step in the proceedings of the execu
tion was sent to The Call and bulletined nearly a quar
ter of an hour earlier than the Examiner received it.
By reason of the promptness with which The Call
obtained the news, both from the court at Washing
ton and the prison at San Quentin. it was enabled to
send reports to its bulletins throughout the State
ahead of all rivals. In this service it preceded that of
the Examiner by from five to fourteen minutes in
reporting the news in various cities. The achieve
ments of the day in the way of transmitting news with
rapidity were genuine triumphs of telegraphic com
munication, and the We=tern Union may record
them among the greatest feats ever accomplished in
its history.
STREET CAR FENDERS.
THERE is no doubt that the Board of Super
visors should adopt without delay an ordinance
compelling the street railway companies of this
city to place fenders upon their cars. The death rec
ord made by the electric roads within the short period
during: Which they have been in fashion is certainly
appalling. It is not to the point to say that most
6treet car accidents are due to the carelessness of the
victims. While the law may not mulct the street rail
ways in damages when the victim contributes to his
own destruction, the law of public opinion ought to
inflict heavy penalties upon a Government which tol
erates without regulation the means of destruction.
Beyond doubt a fender can be invented which will
avert nine out of every ten of the street railway acci
dents which take place in this city. It is not neces
sary for the companies to rig their cars with a con
trivance which will pick up a careless person, throw
him on a feather bed and offer him a glass of beer, a
sandwich and an apology. What they want is an ar
rangement which will turn obstructions from the
tiacks. This might occasionally hurt a person, but it
would always prevent the manglings and deaths which
usually accompany street railway accidents.
So far as the general public is concerned it de
mands rapid transit. It will consequently be very un
popular for the Supervisors to reduce the speed of
the electric cars to eight miles an hour. A rapidly
moving car provided with an efficient fender will do
no more damage than one that is moving slowly. If
a person gets under the wheels of an electric or cable
car he is certain to be mangled whether it goes fast
or slow. The point to which the Supervisors should
direct all their energies is the discovery of a fender
equal to the task of throwing obstructions from street
railway tracks. Once discovered, the street car com
panies should be compelled to adopt such a fender.
If it is impossible to find a contrivance which fills
this bill it will be time enough to reduce the speed of
the cars or to force the rapid transit roads to build
elevated trestles.
Probably a non-killing street car will never be in
vented. There are a few fools whom it will be im
possible to protect from the consequences of their
curolcssncss and folly, but something should be done
to prevent the murdering process that is now in
VOgue. The street car companies, as well as the
Board "f Supervisors, owe it to the public which
patronizes them to adopt a fender without un
irjr delay.
If tlir icheme of transmitting pictures by wire
I 'ul, and the pictures are of the kind
• obtenred now, kind heaven send
that the wire break.
WHY IMPROVEMENTS LOG.
IN this city and in Oakland the evil and ever present
spirit of jobbery shadows every aspiration for pub
lic improvement.
Oakland enjoys many advantages of situation and
scenery. The view of San Francisco and the inter
vening bay, with its anchored argosies, which may be
had from the heights around Oakland, has but few
scenic equals in the world.
That city has for more than a score of
years sought to acquire space for an ample
public park, not a mere plaza, where a few
plants are tattered by the trade wind and
children recruit their knowledge of letters by reading
signs that advise' them to "keep off the grass," but a
park, with drives, bridle and foot paths, verdant
reaches of lawn and parade and recreation grounds.
The diversity of surface now within the city limits
permits a park system not excelled by any town in the
world, connected by a system of boulevards which the
clement climate will permit to be bordered and or
namentjd by palm trees of forty different kinds and
by other flora which suggests a dream of the Italian
Riviera. But every time a forward step has been pro
posed real estate jobbery in some form has appeared,
and in the ensuing recrimination all plans are tainted
and fall. Everybody connected with it gets under sus
picion, the papers not excepted, and the public mind
is diverted from worthy projects of public improve
ment to the war of individual interests. In the recent
fiasco one of the San Francisco morning papers ap
pears to have been retained to fling mud at the Coun
cil and defile everybody who failed to favor the pur
chase of it which it approved.
Complaints were made that members of the Coun
cil, being business men, were under duress of threats
that that paper would roast them for not favoring the
scheme which it wanted to pass.
The same yellow journal was behind a rank real
estate job in this city within a few months and was
pursuing the same tactics.
The Call favors all of these proper public improve
ments and will encourage them everywhere in Cali
fornia because our climate enables a. garnishing of
cities by means of parks to a refined extent of em
bellishment not possible else"where. But we do not
propose to aid in the prevalent jobbery which tries
to use the popular wish for improvements as a means
for undue private gain.
We hope that there is enough official courage and
civic spirit left in Oakland to proceed with the project
to improve the approaches to the city by redemption
of the nasty marshes near Sixteenth street station,
which in an important sense are an injury to the
whole State, since they must be traversed by the hun
dreds of thousands of people who come to and go
from San Francisco every year.
GOVERNOR BUDD'S OPPORTUNITY.
GOVERNOR BUDD, by the death of Dr. J. .1.
Stanton, Railroad Commissioner from the
Second District, has an opportunity such as
is presented to few executives. Under the constitu
tion he will fill the vacancy in the board. The de
ceased, besides being popular in the truest accepta
tion of the term, wa3 a man of more than average
character and integrity. He did all he could to make
the Railroad Commission a success. It was only
when that body had been completely tied up by the
Federal courts that he desisted from his efforts to
regulate freights and fares.
There is now abroad an impression that the Rail
road Commission is a failure. It is costing the tax
payers about $20,000 a year, and is rendering them
little or no service. Except as a tribunal for the set
tlement of the petty disputes which occasionally arise
between rival transportation companies, all useful
ness seems to have ('cparted from it. To Governor
Budd is presented an opportunity of demonstrating
to the people of California either that the Railroad
Commission is a failure, or that the basis upon which
it is founded has been swept away. He can do thii
by appointing to the vacancy created by the death of
Dr. Stanton a man of character and administrative
ability.
If the appointment were left to The Call it would
select a Republican for the place. We believe that the
Republican party of California contains more men of
integrity, ability and character than any other party —
a sufficient number, in fact, to fill all the offices almost
in the world. But Governor Budd is a Democrat
Dr. Stanton was a Democrat. The vacant place be
longs to the Democrats, and a Democrat will un
doubtedly be selected to fill it.
What Democrat, then, in the State of California
possesses the ability to demonstrate to the people
during the next twelve months either that the Rail
road Commission is a failure or that it is still possessed
of legal virility? It may be impertinent for us to
meddle in Democratic politics, hut we have no hesi
tation in suggesting a name. Edward B. Pond. ex-
Mayor of San Francisco, and at present vice-president
of the San Francisco Savings Union, is a man whose
word will be taken after a year's service on these
point?.
As chairman of the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors for two years Mayor Pond
saved the taxpayers of this city $100,000 in gold coin.
As City Hall Commissioner during his two terms as
Mayor he saved them over $500,000. As an adminis
trator and a business man he has no su
perior in the Democratic party in this State.
If the Railroad Commission is a failure
it ought to be abolished. If it is of any value
the people want to know it. Pond will find out all
about it without wasting any time. His appointment
would not only be received by the people generally
with satisfaction, but it would reflect great credit upon
the Governor.
THE NEEDS OF MINING MEN.
ACCORDING to the Western Mining World of
Butte, Mont., there is little prospect of any
immediate improvement in Federal mining
laws. Senator Stewart is quoted as saying there will
be no changes at all made in the laws at this session
of Congress. It seems the bill proposed by the com
mittee appointed for that purpose at the Gold Miners'
Convention is regarded as too radical in its nature
and will not be pressed by the miners themselves.
Commenting upon the situation tlffe Western Min
ing World argues that if nothing is to be done to re
form the mining laws at this session every effort
should be made to induce Congress to create a na
tional bureau of mines and mining. Such a depart
ment would collect the information on which ■ wise
system of revision of the mining laws could be car
ried out. It seems to be generally agreed among
mining men that their industry has grown beyond
the capacity of the Interior Department to handle
properly and that for its proper development there
is needed a more comprehensive and intelligent su
pervision at Washington.
California miners have taken the lead in workin£
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898.
for the establishment of the desired department and
have found prompt and willing support in the West
In the East the movement has not been well re
ceived, but the opposition is probably due more to a
lack of knowledge of the conditions under which our
mining industry labors than of any positive objection
to the creation of a new Cabinet officer.
The great mining exposition to be held in this city
will have the effect of arousing popular interest in
the industry and will undoubtedly give the general
public a clearer idea of the needs of mining men in
the way of national legislation. It will, therefore,
serve as an important factor in hastening the adop
tion of the desired reforms in Federal mining laws
and will aid the movement for a department of mines
and mining.
Throughout the entire mineral producing region of
the West there is a vital interest in the subject It is
hardly likely that any mining State or important
mining county will fail to make a good exhibit at the
exposition or to send a strong delegation to represent
it in all discussions that may be undertaken to con
sider mining affairs and to devise means to improve
their conditions.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION WORK.
SAX FRANXISCO is to be congratulated upon
the appearance in the current number of
Municipal Affairs of an able article by J. Rich
ard Freud on "The Civic Service of the Merchants'
Association of San Francisco." At this juncture,
when so many Eastern people are planning to seek
homes in a pleasanter climate or looking for invest
ments for their capital, it is gratifying to be able to
make through so influential a publication a clear
statement of what the progressive merchants of the
city have accomplished for San Francisco in the way
of municipal improvements and public benefits.
It has been so often reported that San Francisco is
a city of discords, business rivalries, antagonisms and
municipal stagnation or misgovernment that pro
gressive men who recognize the value of co-operation
in all sorts of enterprises, public or private, have
hesitated to make their homes here and cast in their
lot with us. Believing our people to be incapable of
combining and working in harmony for any purpose,
they have turned away from the tempting natural ad
vantages of the city and sought fortune in other
localities where the business men are reputed to aid
the ventures of their neighbors and to be ready at all
times to combine and labor for the general good.
Though Mr. Freud in his article does not refer to
this aspect of the situation, his review of the work of
the Merchants' Association effectually disproves all
stories of a lack of civic patriotism and the spirit of
co-operation among the business men of San Fran
cisco. The plain narrative he gives of difficulties
overcome and results accomplished by the association
makes clearly evident the fact that our citizens by
co-operation have achieved more for the community
than those of other cities whore there is much more
boasting of enterprise and public spirit.
The history and the work of the association are fa
miliar to our people. The organization was begun
less than four years ago by forty-seven men. It set
about its work at once and demonstrated its useful
ness by the results it achieved. At the end of the first
year it had 214 members, and since then the growth
has been so rapid that at the time Mr. Freud's ar
ticle was written there were 915 business firms en
rolled in its membership.
Among the more important services of the asso
ciation Mr. Freud notes the cleaning of the streets,
the repaying of many of our thoroughfares, im
provements in street lighting, reform in the street car
transfer system, the procurement of a site for the
Wilmerdirig School of Industrial Arts and the pro
motion of the movement for a new charter. Much
of this work entailed heavy voluntary contributions
from the members. On the single hem of street
sweeping alone, when the association had the con
tract for that work, the sum of $30,000 was contri
buted voluntarily by the merchants in addition to the
And again when improved street lighting was under
taken upward of $15,000 was subscribed by the
members.
San Francisco can point to the record of the Mer
chants' Association as an evidence of the public spirit
of her citizens. There may have been a time when
our leading business men lacked civic patriotism, but
that time has gone by. The first battles for muni
cipal progress have been won and the rest will be
easier. Mr. Freud's article is timely. It presents
San Francisco to the country at this juncture in the
true light and will help to gain for her a new repu
tation befitting her new spirit.
SOME SUGGESTIVE FIGURES.
THE customs statistics of the six leading dis
trict?. New York, Boston, Philadelphia, San
Francisco, Baltimore and New Orleans, show
that the duties collected on importations are the fol
lowing percentages on the value of the goods im
ported:
New York 40.4
Philadelphia 41.0
San Francisco 40.6
Boston 34 6
Baltimore 38.0
New Orleans 36.9
We are within four-tenths of 1 per cent of the high
est in the list, and an inquiry into the reason would
be interesting. It must be either that we import a
superior class of goods, bearing a higher rate of duty,
or that there is a closer collection of duties here than
elsewhere, except at Philadelphia. An analysis of the
importations would be of great interest as showing
how far the tastes and necessities of our people have
differentiated between Boston and San Francisco. If
the differing percentage be due to the grade of mer
chandise imported it would appear that Boston gets
along with a grade more than 6 per cent lower than
is demanded by the people of this coast.
With Judge Campbell as presiding Judge of the po
lice courts there will be no lack of dignity to shock
the drunk and the vagrant. Heretofore these persons
have sometimes been shocked by a degree of flip
pancy, but with new honors fast upon him Campbell
will make no more of the breaks that have at times
caused not only the gentlemen called before him pain,
but have made people who never ha*i that honor
wonder whether he was running a show or a court.
Parson Davis of Oakland does not seem to be much
of a success when he gets out of his familiar role of
cutting monkey shines. This is particularly a tribute
to the gentleman for his conduct at San Quentin.
The reports from Florida that a state of slayery
exists there do not serve to help the cause of annexa
tion. If we already have slavery there is surely no
need of acquiring more of it.
Some natural curiosity is felt as to whether there
is not somewhere a nation that does not own Ciip
perton Island
CONTENTS JANUARY 9:
A LOCAL SECRET ORDER THAT HAS SWORN
TO DESTROY THE RULERS OF CHINA.
LORD KELVIN ON HIS "VORTEX" THEORY.
HISTORY OF "JOHN DOE/ by Judge Hunt.
THE NEW TERROR OF THE NAVY.
WONDERFUL PREHISTORIC BONES FOUND
IN THE SIERRAS.
A WOMAN WITHOUT A STOMACH.
A KISS THAT KILLED—Most Remarkable
Love Story of the Century.
ALL THE BEST AND BRIGHTEST NEWS OF THE DAY.
FJ\/E CENTS.
BUY IT. READ IT.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
T. Threlfall, a mining man of Towers,
Is at the Qrand.
C. A. Smith, a rancher of Winnipeg, is
a gueat at the Palace.
F. E. Doggett, a mining man of Pres
cott, Ariz., is at the Lick.
H. L. Billings, a business man of Chi
cago, is staying at the Baldwin.
W. E. Bertrand, a mining man from
Mexico, is a guest at the Palace.
H. C. Hopkinson, owner of the Stock
ton Pottery Works, is at the Grand.
Professors Young and Fairclough of
Stanford University are at the California.
V. McCauley, a prominent business man
of Chicago, is at the Palace with his
wife.
C. Sakaloff and J. Ireptonok. two trav
elers from Russia, are registered at the
Baldwin.
Hon. John Reid, a member of the Can
adian Parliament, is at the Occidental,
with his wife.
J. B. Vincent,
who may occa
sionally be seen
around the corri
dors of the dif
ferent hotels, is
a man with a
A TALE
OF THE
ARCTIC.
history.
Some years ago he was a mate on
board the whaling: bark Napoleon, which
foundered at sea off Cape Navarln, on the
coast of Siberia.
Vincent and twenty-sir companions
succeeded In escaping: from the sinking
vessel to a large cake of Ice, though they
were unable to take any provisions with
them.
For thirty-seven days these poor
wretches drifted about without food or
shelter, now in this direction, now in
that, at the caprice of the cruel Arctic
winds.
Finally the ice floe drifted in shore and
grounded. But only five of the original
party were alive, to crawl to land.
Of these five two expired as soon as the
beach was reached, the other three were
picked up by a wandering tribe of Deer
mon and taken into the desolate interior
of the country. There Vincent's compan
ions expired, one after another, from the
scurvy, and there Vincent himself lived
for two long years with his savage
friends until a trip to the coast resulted
in his rescue and return to civilization.
6. J. Brandon, the clerk of the Senate.
Is in town from Sacramento. He ia regis
tered at the Grand.
Lady Reid, the widow of the surgeon
peneral of the British army, Is at the
Occidental from Vancouver.
A. J. Levy, a business man of Xew
York, and George B. Mechan, a banker
of Denver, are at the Palace.
Miss Grove and Miss Thompson of
London, Kngland, are at the California,
They are making a tour of the world.
A party of Phlladelphlans is registered
at the California. It consists of O.
Douglass, W. P. Martin and H. Lewis
and wife.
J. F. Rodrigues, the Minister to Mexico
from Guatemala, is in the city on a short
visit. He is accompanied by his wife and
family and Is staying at the Occidental.
Twenty lovers
of sport have
chartered a spe
cial car and will
leave to-night at
6:20 for a fishing
trip to the Rus
sian River, going
♦ TO WHIP
I THE RUSSIAN !
t RIVER. !
over the Xorth Pacific Coast as far as
Duncans Mills and returning to the clty
late to-morrow evening.
The party, which is a strictly private
affair headed by John Peletler of Borel &
Co.'s bank, expect to have first-class
sport and to be able upon their return
to show such substantial proofs of their
prowess that the somewhat notorious
achievement of a gentleman of Palestine
familiarly known as Jonah will sink into
insignificance by comparison-
J. E. Stubbs, the president of the Ne
vada State University and a brother of
the railroad man. is in the city for a
short time. He is staying at the Occi
dental.
J. Kruttschnitt, the general manager
of the Southern Pacific, who has b«en
making a trip over the road as far as
New Orleans, returned to the city on
Wednesday evening.
Don C. W. Musser. son of William Mub-
Fer, one of the leading business men of
Utah, is on this coast on a lecturing tour.
He arrived here from Washington. Two
or three years ago he visited Palestine.
A lady who is at
one of the hotels
here has a coun
try place not far
from Menlo
Park, on the
grounds of which
: A ;;
FELINE I
: ! narcissus. I
" - -_i
is a fountain
having the reflective properties of
a mirror. A large and hand
snme tomcat, belonging to the es
tablishment, -was wandering around the
grounds one day and, chancing to look
Into the fountain 6aw the. reflection of
its own features looking up out of the
liquid depths. The cat became so fas
cinated with the feline, loveliness it be
held that It could not tear Itself away,
and forgetful of mice, rats and even
the tempting gTeen parrot on the porch,
continued to look Into the water and ad
mire the beautiful creature it saw there.
The mistress of the house had her pet
brought in and the most delicate dishes
that ever tempted the palate of a cat
i were placed beforo it. All to no pur
pose. Tom refused to touch the food and
as soon as released would hurry back
to the fountain. This continued until one
day the emaciated body of poor Thomas
was found at the edge of the water. His
heart had been true to its Ideal until it
had ceased to beat.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.-Louis P.
Boardman of San Francisco will remain
In Washington for several days. He has
removed to the Riggs House from the
Raleigh. T. E. Gibbon of Los Angeles,
vice-president of the Los Angeles Trac
tion Railway Company, Is at the Riggs
House.
RHINOLOGY— NASAL RESPIRATION.
Fig. I— The Rhlnometer. "X. 7
, Fig. 2— Respiratory curves of the same
subject
a— nasal, b — buccal.
c — of two subjects.
d— by a single nostril.
The time was 36 seconds for c and "6
for d.
For some years past the nose has held
in medicine and physiology an importance
not formerly recognized. They accorded
to It the function of smelling, and were
willing to admit that It served to humid
ify and warm the inspired air. but that
was all. Now the study of this orpan
constitutes a recognized branch of medi
cine. Rhinology is a medical specialty,
and the nose is thrust almost everywhere
in diagnosis of the human ailments.
To the presence of polypi or other ob
struction in this organ, they attribute
asthmatic affections, nightmare, coughs
facial neuralgia, vertigo, fever, depres
sion and visual as well as mental
troubles.
Dr. H. Mendel of Paris has just added
a very interesting confirmation of the
Importance of the nose In the respiratory
act, in showing, by careful experiments,
that that organ allows to pass in the
same time and with equal respiratory ef
fort a much larger quantity of air than
the mouth, and that nasal obstruction
determines a diminution in the supply of
oxygen to the blood and provokes as
phyxia and its usual consequences.
To ascertain exactly the volumes of air
to which the nose and the mouth respect
ively give passage In a given time. Dr.
Mendel constructed an apparatus which
he calls a Rhinometre (A) which consists
essentially of a receiver of known ca
pacity (40 litres), which can be Increased
or diminished at will by adding or draw
ing off water. This apparatus has four
orifices. One connects the interior of
the receiver -with a Manometer (M) on
the outside, which permits the measure
ment of the Inside pressure and the vol
ume of air Inspired. The three other
orifices— 2 centimeters in diameter— are
fixed to the mouth and to the two nos
trils by means of three rubbers, 1* centi
meter in diameter, armed at the end with
noizies of exactly the same diameter, but
varying In caliber according to the oge
and size of the subject.
On the top of the receiver are Installed
I three electro magnets. Every time the
current traverses the circuit these mag
nets attract their armatures and close
the rubber tubes, stopping the access of
air to the cavities of the patient.
The electro magnets are controlled by
clock-work apparatus (H) which sends
j the current at the end of a second, half
j second, ten or twenty Beconds, as may be
desired. An electric bell actuated by
the current warns tha patient that the
tubes are about to open, and that respir
atlon Is possible. With a little practice
nothing- is easier than for the patient to
make the beginning of the insplratory ef
fort coincide exactly with the opening of
the fubes. and thus measure accurately
the volume of air inspired.
In general, while the mouth will
breathe in one litre of air the nostrils will
take in one and a quarter litres in the
same time, and with equal effort. This
applies to normal subjects. Subjects
troubled with nasal obstructions naturally
produce different results. The apparatus
is practical and simple, and is destined
to render great service in diagnosis of
cases.
By the aid of a registering apparatus
M Mendel made some experiments as
to the comparative frequency and regu
larity of the nasal and buccal respiratory
acts. The tracings of the curves, -which
are here reproduced, are very interesting
and instructive. They show the respir
atory movement as fixed by a stylus on
disks turning at a given velocity, m.
expiration is the outside crest of each o
the sinuosities, and inspiration Is the left
or inside.
By the curves a and b It was ehown
that In the same interval of time— So sec
onds-nine nasal respirations were made,
as against eleven buccal.
The tracings c and d were taken rrom
two different subjects, one of whom
had obstructions in one of his nostrils,
and they demonstrated the very paradox
ical truth that inspiration by a single
nostril even procures more air than the
buccal movement.
Let us breathe through the nose, and
train the children to do the same, and we
will avoid many hurtful consequences.
(.Le Monde Ulustre.)
PRECEPT AND PRACTICE.
My grandmother used to say to me.
My grandmother used to say, • t
"Now don't run after the boys, my girl.
But stick to your sewing, pray!
For men who want wives will hunt them, dear,
Care not to be met half way; 
For the longest chase is the fairest sport.
My grandmother used to say.
My grandmother used to say to me.
My grandmother used to say.
••Now stop your dreaming and baste your nem.
Dreams never were meant lor a day.
Don't hurry, my girl, to find a lad.
Maids never have will nor way _
Till sorrow and twenty are cn.ne and gone;
My grandmother used to say.
But I'd heard some tales and said one day:
"Now, Granny, you dear old thing.
You met. I've been told, :<.ur lover at
The gate by the meadow spung.
And, though scarce eighteen, you rode benlna
To the village, six miles away.
And were married and all by Parson FHippi,
Now, what have you got to say?"
And grandmother smiled demurely, then.
Above the hurrying thread;
" 'T was not for the lack of precept, flear.
Things happened as you have said;
For. 'Stop your dreaming and ba?te your nem,
For the men won't run a*v.iy ;'
And 'Wooing will keep for a good two-year,
My grandmother used to say.
—Richard Stillman Powell in Puck.
FLASHES OF FUN.
""Why did you ever come to this frozen
country?" asked one shivering: traveler
of another in the Chiikoot Pass.
"My creditors made it too hot for me
In New York," said the other through
his chattering teeth.— Brooklyn Life.
Edith— Mr. Fatham. I hope you won't
think me Inquisitive, but will you please
tell me what your profession or business
Is?
Fatham— Oh. not at all, Miss Tilter; I
am a thespian.
Edith— There. I told mother I knew you
were not an actor.— Boston Transcript.
The Youthful Enthusiast— l have Just
heard that two people, who have lived
with each other in the bonds of matri
mony for .^Hons? time, conic to look much
alike. Isn't it beautiful to think of?
The Pavaere Bachelor— l don't see any
thing beautiful in the thought of two
people gradually taking 1 on a look of
chronic worry. — Indianapolis Journal.
"Poor Timmie! Fotve years in Sin*
Sing. I do feel sorry for him."
"Bedad. an' yuro shyrnpathy's trowed
away. He's surrounded by frinds." —
Harlem Life.
"Why have you taught your baby boy
to eat onions?"
"It keeps people from kissing him." —
Chicago Record.
"Virginia has passed a law against
flirting-."
"That looks like a combination of the
new women arid the old maids." — Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
Mr. Gaswell— An Eastern astronomer
says he has discovered two groups of
spots on thf> sun.
Mr. Gasbill— l wish he would come to
Pittsburg and make an effort to dis
cover the sun itself.— Pittsburg Chroni
cle-Telegraph.
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup for
hoarseness; price 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
GRANTS TO MOTHERS.
Since the Queen ascended the throne it
has been reckoned that over 500 grants
have been made of the charitable dona
tion of three pounds, which her Majesty
usually bestows on mothers of living
triplets who arc in poor or indigent cir
cumstances.—Philadelphia Inquirer.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
Melville Davidson Post, who was -wide
ly censured for pointing out the loop
holes in the law through which criminals
may escape in his book, entitled "The
Strange Schemes of Randolph Mason,"
has published another work of the samt
nature, and says "he who points out th«
vice of the law to the people cannot be
said to do evil. "
Dr. Stegert's AxGosTfBA Bitters, the woria
renowned appetizer ami invigorator, is ÜBed over
the whole civilized world. Beware of Imitations.
Throat Troubles. To allay the irritation
that Induces coughing 1 , use "Sroxen't Bronchia
Troches." A simple ami safe remedy.
Km? loosing young ana save your hatr, It* color
»nd beauty with Parker's Hair B vlsak.
lii.MUHCORXs, the best cure lor Mm 13 civ
0
Mr. Gladstone, in acknowledging the
gift of a history o? the American Revo
lution, writes that for nearly half a cen
tury he has been an admiring student of
the American Revolution, and believes
that he owes thereto an appreciable part
of his own political education.
NEW TO-DAY.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
_^___»wm, mono ***** co., HEW VOW*.INSULTS
ADDED TO
INJURY
Business Men Protest
and Are Assailed
by the Bulletin.
Talk of Presenting the
Matter to the Grand
Jury.
Fifty-Six Firms Represented at
a Meeting to Consider the
Grievance.
BUSINESS MEN ARE FIRM.
They Resolve to Resist Fraudulent
Demands— An Ultimatum to Bo
Submitted Monday.
The Bulletin Is digging its own grave.
If Crothers doubts it let him read the
headlines* in his paper of last evening.
In bold type the merchants who re
fuse to be robbed are held up to pub
lic derision In such language as this:
"Men Who Refuse to Pay Their Bills
Confer," "Want to Compromise Their
Accounts With the Bulletin," "But the
Paper Does not Desire to Enter Into j
a Compromise of any Nature."
While the proprietor and business
manager were seeking the friendly in
fluence of the Merchants' Association
to prevent a Grand Jury investiga
tion of the Bulletin's fraudulent prac
tices the untamed steeds that are per
mitted to roam on the pasture of the j
Pickering estate were engaged In oast-
Ing Insults at honorable merchants '
who had assembled in an orderly man- !
ncr to protest against downright rob- !
bery. The notion that men of char
acter, who wore stigmatized as "men
tvho refuse to pay their bills, " must j
resent the public Insult seems not to
liave entered the head of the proprie
tor. The grave digger Is at the head
of one department of the paper and
bunko propensities permeate the other
end. The poor old man Crothers is
between the devil and the deep sea.
He knows not which way to turn. He !
offers to surrender the money fraud- |
uiently collected from the merchants !
and recede from all demands for j
money yet unpaid on the forged con
tracts, yet he does not p»em to have
sufficient control of property which he
holds in trust to prevent a wrecker
from destroying it.
Fifty or more business men of un
challenged integrity come forward and
assert on their word of honor that
they w^re charged outrageously for
the publication of reading matter
•which the agents and the proprietor of
the Bulletin distinctly stated should
be published absolutely free of charge,
yet the paper with stupid effrontery
gives the lie to these reputable mer
chants and sneeringly aiiudes to them
fis men who refuse to pay their bills.
Two days ago the old Bulletin could
have saved some shreds of its former
g"od character, but the conflict of ir
responsible bosses In its mismanage
ment is placing It beyond power to re
deem itself from contempt.
There was a great deal of 111 feeling
emong the merchants who were pres
ent at yesterday's meeting because
Business Manager Boyle divulged the
proceedings and some one distorted
them In a. report in yesterday's issue.
"There were fifty members present
end six letters of sympathy and regret
were received," said a prominent
bunkoed merchant.
"All reporters were ruled out and
all present were asked to say nothing
about what occurred. In face of this
the Bulletin prints a distorted, Insult-
Ing and unfair account of all that oc
curred. A committee of three was ap
pointed, out of courtesy, to confer with
the paper. The editor says he will
Five whatever money we pay to char
ity, but that is not the thing. We do
not propose to be beaten.
'The Bulletin has said that 900 in
vitations were sent out and that about
twenty people attended the meeting.
The facts are that eighty-two were
Bent out, fifty attended and six sent
in letters of rpqxtt. Some of the others
admit that they .were deceived and
have kept out to keep from the pub
licity of being branded by the sheet as
refusing to pay their legitimate bills.
I think the .result of the continued in-
Bults of the paper will be to drive all
present to refuse to pay a cent of the
unjust bills. I do not want my name
mentioned, for I do not want to have
to commit battery on some fellow for
■writing a batch of lies concerning me "
Caught with the spoils of robbery
in its possession, the Bulletin now
agrees to make restitution. Crothers
did not attend the meeting of the Mer
chants' Association at the Mills build-
Ing yesterday, but sent an apologetic
letter in which he agreed to settle with
Individual members and refund money
unjustly paid. The business manager
was present, and the way he was
cross-questioned by the victimized
merchants was a caution.
Fifty merchants attended the meet-
Ing and the discussion lasted for two
hours and a half. The Call was men
tioned frequently and highly com
mended for Its course in protecting the
mercantile community from the raid-
Ing schemes of the twilight thief.
Thursday evening the Bulletin sought
to blacklist a soore or more of the
firms seeking redress and thus prevent
a large attendance of the wronged
merchants. The threat proved a
boomerang. It was regarded as adding
insult to injury and caused increased
Interest in the meeting.
"Did the merchants show any signs
of weakness under the Bulletin's
threat?" was asked of one member of
the association who was present.
"Not the slightest," was the reply.
"On the contrary, they showed more
strength and evinced a firmer deter
lnation to fight the Bulletin to a fin
ish. The business manager was in an
awkward position. He was sharply in
terrogated, and when he tried to laugh
down the tumult of indignation the
merchants were angry indeed. He was
confronted by the men who were
robbed and those from whom the paper
had sought to fraudulently obtain
money. He was compelled to describe
now the bunko game was worked from
the inside and how many men were
employed In the execution of the fraud
At first he declined to state the num
ber of sharpers employed, but finally
confessed that eight men were hired to
do the Job.
It was decided to name a committee
to represent the victimized merchants.
Tola committee next Monday will cub-
HENRY GRAY TO WED A DENVER SOCIETY LEADER.
Harry Gray of the well-known firm of Gray Bros., of this City, starts for Denver to-night, where he Is to bo married to Mrs Persls Wilson one of
the most beautiful of Denver's society women. As a girl Mrs. Wilson was Miss Pert Babcock, the Babcock family being one of the oldest in the middle
west, and possessing a substantial fortune. With her sister she was long a leader in the younger social set, the two being considered the fairest of Den
ver's fair daughters. The sister is now the wife of Maxey Tabor, the only son of Hon. H. A. W. Tabor. Pert Babcock was married to Mr. Wilson, but
the union was soon severed by his death, and after a period of retirement she once more took her old place In society which she still maintains.
mlt to the proprietor of the Bulletin
an ultimatum. There was much talk
In the meeting of presenting the mat
ter to the Grand Jury.
The committee appointed to prepare
and submit the ultimatum consists of
William Metzner, Q. A. Chase and Dr.
Charles S. Haley. There will be a
meeting of the committee next Monday
forenoon and every account will be
considered.
The fact has come to light that sev
eral merchants paid after they re
ceived the threatening letters fmra
Jennings, the legal luminary engaged
by the Bulletin to collect money from
the so-called advertisers. The money
so paid must be refunded. The com
mittee will insist on such payment.
Confession and restitution must go
hand in hand. In fact, Crothers, in his
letter to Mr. Dohrmann yesterday,
throws up his hands. He says: "You
will nlso remember that I advised and
you agreed that the better way ■■
be that these parties come to the office
individually and we will go over
each case, and if there were any good
grounds of complaint adjust matters
to their satisfaction. You will als>> re
member that in stating your own case
you Informed me that you had paid
the amount in question and w^re
speaking for the others. I replied that
the fact of the payment was immate
rial. The Bulletin would not permit
an injustice, but that If any were
found, if paid, the money would be re
funded."
The foregoing sentence Is slightly
awkward, obscure and ambiguous, but
the English is so much better than
that commonly used in the Bulletin
that the reader can guess that Croth
ers intends to refund money.
Information was received from an
authentic source last evening that the
proprietor of the Bulletin was begin
ning to see things in their proper
light. For the lirst time since his
recent troubles began he was
convinced that the merchants them
selves were the first to complain
against his paper. He had all along
supposed, so he said, that The Call was
responsible for all 4he remonstrance
and indignation. Now being convinced
that The Call is not responsible for his
bad plight, he is willing to make an
end of the whole controversy by re
funding ail the money he collected on
account of the bunko contracts and
make no claims on accounts unpaid.
One can hardly credit the statement
that Crothers could have been so
shamefully deceived and betrayed by
the men who have had his confidence,
but the story comes to The Cull very
straight.
The Bulletin s assault last evening
; caused many of the merchants who
i were at first inclined to temper Justice
with mercy to recommend investigation
by the Grand Jury as suggested in the
language addressed to the business
manager of the paper at the meeting
i of the Merchants' Association yester
i day forenoon.
The twists and turns of the Bulletin
are grotesque. Its accounts of ye^ter
, day's meetings is full of contradictions.
jln the opening paragraph it said
j that "the meeting was in no Fj?nse a
' meeting of the Merchants' Association
J nor was it called by that body." In
! the same paragraph it mentions the
I name of the president of the associa-
I tion as the presiding officer, and also
i mentions the name of the official sec
i retary of the association as the secre
l tary of the meeting.
Further along the Bulletin says that
; the management of The Call urged the
. business men represented to the action
! they have taken. The truth is that
; the merchants called the meeting on
their own motion, and that thejcall for
i the first meeting was issued before The
i Call published a line of the robbery.
It ivaa said incidentally in The Call
yesterday: "There was a period in
the history of the Bulletin when a half
! million dollars placed for its conductors
', on the side of infamy and dishonor
i could not as much as tempt them to
j swerve from the path of journalistic
honor."
The Bulletin can only conjecture
what this means. Since the Bulletin
wants to be enlightened the light will
be given. When the Bulletin was con
ducted by Fitch and Pickering it did
not hold up the Republican State Com
mittee and demand money for sup
porting the National Republican ticket.
It did not promise merchants a frre
write-up and then charge them a dol
lar a line and threaten a lawsuit if
they did not pay Instantly.
The Bulletin, under its present man
agement, sought to hold up Frank Mc-
Laughlin, chairman of the Republican
State Committee, and when' he re
fused to pay the money demanded, the
paper turned about and reviled the
committee.
The Bulletin, under its present man
agement, employed a string of solici
tors to promise a hundred or morn
merchants of the city a free write-up
of their respective business establish
ments. The ink on the paper wis
hardly dry when the Bulletin sent its
collectors, backed by an attorney, with
a demand That each merchant men
tinned should instantly pay $1 a line.
Fifty-six merchants of San Francisco
will subscribe under oath to the truth
of this charge against the Bulletin, and
some cf them are ready to go before
the Grand Jury and demand that the
proprietor of the Bulletin be indicted
THE SAX* FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898,
for obtaining money under false pre
tenses. Is that lucid?
A. A. Hooper, of the house of Hooper
& Jennings, was too clever for the
bunko gamester. The lines were nicely
laid to take in the firm, but nothing
was ornamented with the much-de
sired "O. K." The firm got a notice and
paid the sum stipulated.
C. B. Parcells, agent! for safes, at 6
California street, will not pay $59 which
the Bulletin demanded. He has the let
ter from the Bulletin management in
which an absolutely free write-up is
promised and will stand on that docu
ment. He has not yet received a threat
ening letter from the Bulletin's legal
light, and the chances are that no at*
: will be made to coerce him. Mr.
Pareellfl did not attend the meeting of
the Merchants' Association yesterday.
Conradi & Goldberg, at 730 Montgom
ery street, did not send a representa
tive to the meeting of the Merchants'
latlon yesterday. The firm paid
165 after the attorney made a threat of
legal proceedings to collect the money.
The firm holds Crothers' receipt for
that purn. Conradi & Goldberg under
stand that the monny will be refunded.
The names of all the bunkoed mer
chants have not been published in The
Call. Another page descriptive of the
experience of the victims could be ad
ded f> the page produced day before
yesterday.
Death of Miss Irene WcSweerjey.
A gloom was thrown over the Poly
technic High School on Thursday last hv
the df-ath of Iflsa Irene KcSweeney, one
of the brightest ami most popular nf the
pupils of the institution. Miss McSvreeney
SHORT OF PROVISIONS.
The schooner Volante from Tillamook ran short of provisions during the passage and had
to signal the schooner Lily for 'assistance, which was given. The Volante lost her deckload and
had her main boom broken in a southeaster. At the same time one of the crew was washed
overboard, but was rescued..
was a graduate of the Pacific IMphts
School, previous to which she attended
the Cooper School. She had been a pu
pil at the Polytechnic High School for a
y<-ar and ft half, and was considered one
of the most promising of the young ladies
in attendance. The funeral will lio h«<lil
to-day from the home of her parents on
Clay street, and a number of her male
schoolmates will act as pallbearera Miss
ICeSweeney was 15 years of age.
Town Talk.
This week's issue of the popular weekly
contains much of interest. The Saunterer
(jivos more news about the affair of the
retired army officer's wife and the local
stockbroker. "Columbia" is given much
space, and portraits of some of the par
ticipants arc shown. Phil Garlic In hlg
"aftermath," with cynical wit dissects
the errors of the California press •
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mrs. Annie L. D. Wagner has applied
for a divorce from John Wagner on the
ground of desertion. Ella M. Mayhnn has
commenced an action for a divorce
against her hus-band, W. Allen Mayhen
on the ground of desertion. Jennie Race
has commenced suit against Lorenzo
Race for divorce. As a cause of action
Bhe alleges failure to provide.
Union Bible Class.
The Union Bible Class at the Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis streets, conducted by Rev. George
C. Adams, D.D., will resume sessions to
day after the holiday vacation. The class
meets every Saturday from 12 to 1 o'clock
and Is instructed on the Internationaf
Sunday School lesson for the following
Sabbath. It la onen. free to all.
ANCIENT AND
MODERN RABBIS
Dr. Voorsanger Talks on
the Subject of
Preachers.
Contrasts the Old-Time Priest
With the Minister
of To-Day.
The Lenrrr»d Rabbi Speaks !n Praise
or the Catholic
Clergy.
"The Profession of the Preacher"
was the subject of Rabbi Voorsanger's
address last evening at the Temple
Emanu-El on Sutter street. It consti
tuted the last of the series of four on
the subject of "The Overcrowding of
Professions."
At the outset the preacher drew a
well-defined parallel between the an
cient and modern preacher.
"One must understand the evolution
of the ancient priest to the modern
rabbi to understand the subject fully.
"We can tell from the complexion of
things that the rabbi of to-day Is not
the successor to the ancient Jewish
priests who were buried beneath the
ruins of the temple of Israel. The
rabbi of to-day in the strict sense of
the word Is merely a teacher.
"The ancient Jewish priesthood was
composed of the greatest minds of the
nation— men who Avere educated in
every department of learning, science,
literature, poetry and the liberal arts.
The nearest type of that old institution,
the Jewish antiquity, is the Roman
Catholic priesthood of to-day. It is
the only institution that resembles
closely the old Jewish socletyof priests.
Not even the modern rabbi can come
so closely to that ancient society as
the Catholic priesthood. Before the
destruction of the temple of Israel the
priest was the intellectual head of the
Jewish people. He was the custodian
of that indestructable wisdom of the
The fee-simile y^P s/4jf-*-4U~ *• on every wrapper
signature of C£t<*/srM£%k of CASTOEIA.
ancients, for which modern civilization
is bo much Indebted.
"When the hatred of nations fell
upon the Jewish people, and -when
what the Christians are pleased to call
the enmity of God, was visited upon
their children, these ancient rabbis
were the first to face the hatred of the
world and guide their people through
the storm of battle to a place of safety.
Why have the Jewish people, striving
against such odds as they have, suc
ceeded in spite of everything to attain
a prominent position in every nation
of the world? Some say it Is chance,
but the Hebrews believe firmly that it
is through the Intervention of a divine
power.
"There are so many people In the
world who cannot see the necessity of
the preacher's profession. It is an old
Joke, and a poor one, that the preach
er's profession is a necessary evil. Peo
ple don't understand the enormous In
fluence religion works upon the des
tiny of a nation. Let them try once to
abolish the preacher and his vocation
and see the result; let any nation abol
ish religion and forbid its tolerance
and see how long it can live.
"Of all the professions the preacher's
is the most poorly paid. And isn't it
strange, notwithstanding this fact, that
it is over-crowded? The majority of
preachers control a salary of but six
hundred and twenty dollars per an
num—no more than is paid an ordinary
conductor or gripman. This is the
salary they pay men who sacrifice
their youth to the cause of their God
and bury their manhood In the needs
of the people. Is it not self-sufficient
that they should give up their lives
without any of the benefactions of the
people, without being ridiculed and
made the butts of rude jokes?"
Dr. Voorsanger traced the profes
sion of preachers from the early ages
down to the present day; but he re
marked that in no creed had he seen
such a society of gentlemen and schol
ars as were enrolled in the Roman
Catholic priesthood. "Give me an army
of four hundred intelligent preachers
of the right kind," he said, "and I will
go out into the world and I will sweep
castes and sects before me until not a
vestige of them appears."
• — ♦• — •
New Commission Corporation.
The E. J. Miley Company filed articles
of incorporation with the County Clerk
yesterday. The corporation is formed for
the purpose of conducting a commission
business. The directors are John D. Miley
E. J. Mflejr, William R. Shatter, George
H. Burton and Robert H. Noble.
»—» — ♦ — •
Will Conduct Warehouses.
The Pierce-Rodolph Storage Company,
organized for the purpose of conducting
a general warehouse dnd storage busi
ness, filed articles of incorporation yes
terday. The directors are Charles T. Ro
dolph. Erwin G. Rodolph, C. G. Pierce, F.
P. Peering and L. A. Gibbons.
DELAYED BY
LIGHT WINDS
A Fleet of Overdue Coast
ers Reached Port
Yesterday.
Some of Them Encountered
Heavy Weather and Several
Were Damaged.
Arrival of the Torpedo- Destroyer
Sp«rrowhawk on Her Way
to Esquimau.
Light winds and calms have kept a
big fleet of coasters outside for over a
week. Yesterday, however, the clerk
of the weather turned things around
somewhat, and at noontime a steady
breeze was blowing 1 from the north at
the rate of twenty-four miles an hour.
Early in the morning the wind came
from the west, but at 9 a. m. it chopped
around to the north and blew a forty
mile breeze; at noon it was only twen
ty-four miles an hour, and at 4 p. m.
there was almost a dead calm.
The change in the weather was a
godsend to the coasters, and over
twenty of them seized the opportunity
and made port. Several of them are
the worse for the storms encountered,
but all are still in the ring. Among
those that got in were the ships In
vincible and Yosemite, barks Gatherer
and Harry Morse and the schooners
Volante and Lily. The ship America
took Pilot Alex Swanson, but the cap
tain would not accept a tow. Conse
quently when the bar was crossed and
the wind fell light the ship had to be
put about, and Captain Swanson head
ed her out to sea again. The Morse,
Yosemite and Gatherer, all of which
made unusually long passages from
the Sound, took tows and reached an
anchorage early in the day.
The captain of the Yosemite reports
that on December 30 he spoke the
schooner Wing and Wing with her
rudder-head gone. She was then be
ing steered by means of a log, which
was being towed astern. The schooner
was in no immediate danger, and her
captain said he required no assistance,
but wished to be reported.
The ship Invincible encountered a
succession of southeast gales, during
one of which sh>» shifted her cargo of
lumber to starboard.
The schooner Volante took nineteen
days to make the run from Tillamook.
and ran out of provisions. Dur'-* a
heavy southeaster her deckload of
lumber was carried away, and H. Jan
sen, one of the sailors, went overboard
with it. Luckily he reached some of
the lumber that had formed Itself into
a kind of raft, and it kept him afloat
until a boat was sent to his rescue.
During the same storm the main boom
broke, so that the schooner had to
work her way south under short can
vas. Provisions began to run short,
and on January 5, when the Lily was
sighted, the captain of the Volante
signaled her. The Lily gave them all
the goods they wanted, and then both
started for Ran Francisco, arriving the
same day. The Volante could not beat
her way In without the mainsail, bo
she had to anchor off the North Head
until the tug Vigilant came along and
towed her In.
The old monitor Camanche Is to be
returned to the navy yard to-morrow.
She will go up the river under her own
strain but will be convoyed by the
State tug Governor Markham for fear
of any accident. Owing to the Illness
of Governor Budd the sloop-of-war
Marion, that is to be the new home of
the naval battalion, will not be brought
down until the opening of the golden
Jufbilee. She will then come down un
der her own steam, and on anchoring
In the stream will fire a salute in honor
of the occasion.
Captain Debney of the City of Puebla
went out in command of the steamer
Queen yesterday. He has not been
very well of late and he Is going to see
whether the Southern route will bene
fit his health. Captain Jepsen of the
Queen has taken command of the City
of Puebla and will take her out on her
next voyage to Puget Sound ports.
When the crew o<! the steamer
Moana and the men employed on the
dock learned that the steamer would
be delayed several days on account of
the non-arrival of the malls, they
formed a football club and every day,
during the lunch hour, they have a
practice game on Pacific street wharf.
This will be their last day in port and
the game on this occasion is to be for
a dinner to be paid for by the losers on
the arrival of the steamer in Sydney.
"When the ball Is kicked overboard it
is nothing unusual to see two or three
of the players go in after it and con
tinue the game in the water. On this
occasion men, armed with buckets, will
be stationed along the stringers so that
the ball can be fished out in a minute.
Yesterday Freight Clerk Fulger gave
The "British torpedo destroyer Spar
rowhawk ran away from her convoy,
the cruiser Phaeton, and arrived in
port yesterday unexpectedly. She made
the run from San Diego in twenty-nine
hours and then covered the 482 miles at
only half speed. The Phaeton is not
expected to get into port until some
time to-day.
The little steamer Yosemite, em
ployed by the Government as a light
house tender, broke down off Lime
Point yesterday afternoon. The cap
tain set a distress signal and anchored
until the tug Vigilant came to his re
lief and towed the vessel in to the Pa
cific-street wharf.
NEW TO-DAY.
The only genuine Hunyai Water
HtantyadlJ&nos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LJVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Wat:rs." I.c.nr*.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." Mi UishitedicaUoumV
CAUTION: See that the label
bears the signature of the firm
Andreas Saxlehner.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
ftQO MARKET ST.. OPP. PALACE
W*J Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 90S
Valencia Btreet. Telephone. "Church" 15.
NEW TO-DAY.
Will carry health In and sickness
out of your house. IT IS NON-
INTOXICATING and therefore
EVERYBODY'S Malt Extract
Convalescents must have it.
Gives new strength — new life to
the worn-out systems.
All Druggists.
HAL BLSTZ BREWING CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
4:8-4 : 8 Sactamcsfr ZZ.
— _ — _
! PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS I
ICOisineTservicel
J —IN THE— *
LADIES' GRILL*
5 %* LACE. |
* Direct Entrance from Market Street. %
DO YOU WANT
TO BUILD?
Call on the Fidelity, Empire. Me-
chanics' op California Mutual Build-
ing and Loan Association for Loan*
ON VERY FAVORABLE TERMS.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, Secretary.
205 San some Street.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Kooms 50c to $1 BOday,
$5 to $8 week. $S to $30 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire prates la
every room; elevator runs all night.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
fRIECLATJCtB GOITIOB &C2ut3UHnuu«n
MATINEE TO- DAT.
TO-NIGHT— TIME—
STUART ROBSON
In Bronson Howard's Masterpiece,
"THE HENRIETTA."
Next Monday Nifrbt— WlLLlE COLLIER la
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
fRj£OLAND£B GOTTIOB 6C c aru«u*jß»
Matinee To-day— Last Time.
VILLA WHITNEY WHITE.
The Famous Soprano, In Song and Lecture
Recital.
EXTRfI J
fflKgf TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE SUNDAY.
They Come from the Columbia Intact, '
The Real Funny Stars.
MATHBWS &;"BXJT_,C3-ER,,
In the Far-Famed Farcical Fete.
AT GAY CONEY ISLAND!
The Gayest of All Gay Plays.
Next Monday— NELLIE McHENRT.
Matinee To-Day— Saturday— Jan. ' 8.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
The Legitimate Star, PATRICE,
Supported by ALF. HAMPTON and J. F.
WHITBECK; FARNUM BROS., America'
Aciobats: KITTY MITCHELL. Winsome Sou-
brette: FRED BROWN, Rag-Time Dancer;
ELINORE SISTERS, Character Artists;
MLLE. ROMBELLO. Sand Palntress; MUSI-
CAL DALE, Campanologist.
BALLET SPECTACLE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mks. Ernestine Erii.ino, Proprietor & Manager
. every EVEisrnsrGh
THE SEASON'S TRIUMPH :
Our Holiday Spectacle.
"MOTHER GOOSE."
B— GRAND BALLETS—
Lot* of Singing, Dancing and Specialties.
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
NEXT WEEK-"A SECOND EDITION
Seats on Sale One Week In Advance.
Popular Prices 25c apd 50c
ALCAZAR- 35c, 50c.
MATINEE TO-DAY
Be on the Safe Side. Secure Seats In Advance
for the Last Three Performances of
THE GIRL I LEFT
BEHIND ME!
Monday Night '. ESMERALDA
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Initial Production of the Great Racing Drama,
"THE DISTRICT FAIR."
With Types of New England Farm Life.
The Fire Scene.
The Race Track at the District Fair.
The Great Race Scene With Blooded Raoa
Horses.
—A GREAT EASTERN SUCCESS—
Evening Prices: 10c, 25c and BOc. Matinee*
Saturday and Sunday.
THE CHUTES AND FREE THEATER
Every Afternoon and ■ Evening
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
Clever Comedy, Mirth and Music I
Beginning To-morrow, Brief Engagement of
OHIQUITA!
Cuba's Atom! .The Smallest Woman on Earth!
Admission and performance. 10c; children, 5o
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING FROM MONDAY, Dec. 27,
to SATURDAY, Jan. 8, inclusive.
Rye or More Races Dally, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. *
S. P. R. R. Trains 12:45 and 1:15 P. M. Daily.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after
the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny street and Mission street cars every
three minutes, dir»ct to the track, without
change. Fillmore-street cars transfer eaclk
way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Friday and Sunday nights, January 7 and 9
"ALEXANDHE," the Kronprintz of Jerusa-
lom. Mu^lc by Professor Mlnkofsky. Box of-
fice open datly from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
ORFRDN _O'FARRELL STREET.
UDLnUIM Near Stockton.
Grand Concert Every Evening by •
CARL MARTENS
And the «y *
COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA,
78
PICKED UP IN
THE RUN
TO THE WIRE.
It will probably be a long time ere an
other '"after dusk" claim of foul is al
lowed from tin' stand, that is judging
from the amount of criticism that has
arisen from the Torslda-Eddie .Tones race
<>n New Year's day. No doubt on that
occasion the officials labored under
the impression that by allowing
Piggott's claim and placing Torsida
ahead of the Burns & Waterhou.se colt
they were rendering a popular decision, j
and possibly they did. iiut judges, not
unlike the actor before the footlights, are
prone at times to play for the acclama
tion of the multitudes. On that occasion
Torslda was consider* 1 by the wise ones
a "lead-pipe*," and they got aboard with
all their belongings. When they saw
Eddie Jones win comparatively easy at
the end they could not believe their
senses, and thought something must be
•wrong. Then I'igKott rushed into the
stand and the crowd in largo numbers
collected about that structure, The jock
collected about that tructure. The jock
ey's claim vas allows ami a. cheer made
manifest that the result mot with all the
approval of the majority- This is well
and good, but is ii just to i! ; ,- keen ob
server who lias figured, by close watch
ins, that Torsida lias reached the limit
of her speed, and that the Morello young
ster was Improving'? Is::'t it a galling
solace to an owner who knew this I i !>••
a fact and, perhaps, staked his all on his
horse? There are no two ways about
it, the offli . I ■ rs, to put
it plain, v. • Eddie Jones is a
youngster of the improving sort. Bach
time out his last race has been an lm
provement ov< r the | me. This
fact was vividly illustrated In the match
race. v. hen the bn ■ made
Torsida look hk. a Later; ;
ling the seven furlongs In 1:27. The I
gentleman in the stand simply relied too
much on the statements ol the Jockeys.
it is a pleasure to see rid< rs earnest in
their endeavors to win, but at times when
a comfort:; • ney n muneration is in
eight, the Imagination of .1 knight of the
pigskin ies becomes highly il
lumln ■ at for the iin
could be use*; to ret. eat rubber
bands on the starting machine.
The way of the bookmakers these days
is as uncertain ;;s that -<i the tireless
son of the sea, the crab fisherman.
stormy day may make of him a. blank.
Jack Willis, who books under the name
of the Westminster Club, proudly p
to the fact that of the vast am
pencllei-8 whi( b cut In the opening day
of th< he alone has weatJ
the tempests safely. has ii — .1
him an ;; I ■ ock. Jai k
pular with the boys and at
tributes much of his success to the fact.
that he speculates not in the lobster mar
ket.
Few peneilers have traveled the chro- .
matic scale often than Phil Archibald.
Phil started in the season after ... long
spell of reverses, with a gusto that prom
ised to land him In the class again with '
the Wheelocks, the Grannans, the '
Thompsons and other top- I of the
booking brigade. Thirteen days of ili
luck, though, so it is Bald, caused Phil's
roll to sui attack of pneu
monia and he has been obliged to take a
vacation.
And by the way, this idea of taking a
vacation when a big loser or the game
•has become quite a popular fad with the
plungers of the turf. La winter when
here Pittsburg Phil grew tired of dis
bursing his coin and journeyed down to
Coronado Beach to freshen up. Whether
like the Prince of Wales in his exclusive
set Phil decrees what society of the turf
shall do, his custom ha.< since been fol
lowed by the swagger ones. Harry Har
•ris, the partner of Riley. Grannan in his
: gigantic bookmakin~ ventures, traveled
: out here this fall, dropped $13,000, so re
ported, and then with his recently wedded
dride left for the Interior. Willie Ap
iplegate, supplied with a bank roll the
circumference of a smoke stack, tackled
the game, found its curves too tortuous,
and left for the southern part of the
iState to post his ledger. Charley Quinn
next grew Bean at the withering look
Jiis bank book gave him, and he, too, has
•joined the plungers on the rusticating
ilist. There are hundreds of other specu
lators scattered about town, suffering
Ifrom that nauseating feeling of ennui.
They, too, are Idling their time away, but
the springs possess no fancy for "them.
Jt is an enforced season of rest— it costs
'one dollar to pass through the track
gates, and they possess it not. .
Some one, in the exuberance of his Joy,
has christened "Long-shot" Conley the
"colored Archer." Conley has been pre
sented with many bouquets since his ar
rival here, but this seems like carrying
the floral tribute business too far. If
Conley were to fall from his mount and
the horse behind him very discourteously
plant his hoof on Mr. Conley*s cranium,
•welding it Into the chape of a flapjack,
■why then this pretty compliment would
read very nice in his obituary notice, for
then his relatives could have it framed.
/But as yet it would seem as though the
Ethiopian rider had hardly earned that
'title, fittingly bestowed perhaps on the
dead Isaac Murphy. Conley Is a good
rider. He is honest, and for this trait
alone is deserving of all praise.
John Carter, associate judge in the
stand at Oakland, tells of the peculiar
manner in which the great race horse
end sire Spendthrift received his name.
As a yearling he was purchased by the
•well known Kentucky turfman, Dan Swi
•g-ert, who had the name of being very
close where money matters were con
cerned. One day he informed Mrs. Swi
gert that he intended naming a colt after
her. and that estimable woman had her
feelings not a little nettled on learning
from the name given the colt of her
•spouse's idea of her financial abilities.
She said little, but abided her time. So
well did Spendthrift turn out that Bwi
gert purchased a full brother to him, and
his better half asked the privilege of
naming him. It was granted, and he be
came known to the turf as The Miser.
He was a failure as a race horse, an af
fliction of the eyes necessitating his early
retirement. Marquise, now racing here
■with such marked success, is one of his
progeny.
On a special Invitation from the Black
Jack Club, Charlie Thorpe, Pete Mitchell
end Mike Hennessy will Journey up to
Sherman Island, where the club's shoot
ing preserve is located, on the approach
of the first storm. Thorpe and Hennesny
are now busily engaged every evening, so
their friends Bay. in a down-town shoot-
Ing gallery, sharp" up their eyesight.
Jealousy over Sloan's shooting trips in
England turned the jockeys' attention
that way. Hennessy is having his gun
bound with railroad iron to prevent bod
ily harm in case of its bursting, and
Thorpe Is reported to have applied for
a patent on a glass life preserver for
use in the sloughs where the ticklish
"tule splitters" require such careful'nav
igating Pete Is an experienced hand and
•will chaperon the party.
Frank Taylor has finally resolved to
cut loose from the "Lucky" Baldwin
stable. Before Frank signed with the
Santa Anita horseman, his reputation
■was rapidly being made as the most skill
ful trainer in California. Since his con
nection with that turfman, his name
scarce finds its way outside the portals
of the stable, unless it be to Journey to
the Judges' stand to explain the mes
meric ride of some jockey and his own
reputation has not been added to. Ills
many friends will be pleased to learn
that he has decided to op« a public
training stable, and it is dollars? to a
frozen apple that he will not have to
search far for available racing material
The Ingleaide management has recently
cautioned the employes about Indulging
in the betting habit, and the new rules
are very stringent. The Jockeys are also
•more closely watched, in fact. it Is like
trying to escape from a quarantined
fever-stricken vessel to speak to one of
those worthies. At that the army of
"leeches" employed by certain book
makers to inform a jockey "what is do
ing," manage to reach them just the
same.
F. K. MULHOLLAND.
Will Consider the Gas Question.
The committee on Street liphts of the
Board of Supervisors will meet to-day
»t the call of Chairman Rivers to con
lider the ordinance recently proposed by
Supervisor Lackmann i<"-^ulatingthequal
rty of Jlluminatinf? gas to be furnished by
sompanies to th<>ir cuptomers.
Representatives of the Board of Health
md the sjas companies will b.p present to
five the committff; all the lnformatioi.
it desires.
PRATTB ABOLITION OIL Cures Neu
ralgia. Rheumatism, Sprains, Bruises,
fore Throat, Lame Back and all aches
fid pains. F. McBOYLE & CO., Drus
«ts. Mi Washington street. •
A WEEK OF SPORT.
FINE WEATHER
FAVORS
THE LEASHMEN.
During the past year greyhounds cours
ed at Ingleside for the most liberal purses
ever hung up on any inclosed coursing
field in America.
During the present year they ■will con
test for amounts so far in excess of those
of last year as to obscure the latter from
memory. To open stakes at $4 entry, em
bracing thirty-two nominations, there
will hereafter be added no less than
to all other open stakes, $2. r >o. The add. d
money in puppy stakes of sixteen entries
will be $KX>; of twelve entries $7r>.
eight entries $50. The monthly events for
•: dogs will be fattened to the tune
of $^00.
The first of these Increased stakes will
be run off to-day and to-morrow. It is
for the so-called beaten dogs and the en
try shows an aggregation of performers
to whom the appellation seems a grievous
misnomer. But this is not unusual with
the class. A purse for non-winners gen
erally brings out talent that develops the
unexpected at every turn in the game.
They are in many cases dogs that have
been beaten through lack of condition,
and have been given a long rest to per
fect such. Then there are. dogs that have,
been beaten by accident, by a "fluke," by
an adverse turn of the hare, and by nu
merous other contingencies. Examples of
all these will figure In to-day's stake, and
in what manner they will this time per
form la likely to send many of the know
ing ones home or. the porcine freight. The
running begins at 1 p. m. this afternoon
and to-morrow at 11 a. m., rain or shine.
According to a new ruling of the In
terstate Counting Club ail candidates for
stakes at Ingleslde must her* after be run
in the rightful name of their owners or
of those whom they are nominated. This
is to abolish the ;>r;^ tice which has ob
tained in th«- past "i giving to a kenn< i
some title that conceals Its real owner-
ship.
The meeting for the John Grace cham
pionship cup, to be held on February 22,
ginning to awaken lively interest.
Messrs. William Halpin, Terry Butler and
J. Larkey have been appointed by the In
lub a committee to arrange the
affair. It will be run off under the au
- of the club and to the club's stakes
the management at lngleside will add
:■ & Gibson's Hercules, reported
si week, is to have been placed
Mn active training by his new owners,
during the past week, near Petaluma.
Santa Clara County has a strong- rep
resentation in the stake again this week,
but it hardly Beems as formidable as us
ual. The best of the Curtis dogs are in
eligible to the beaten ranks, and while
the various other kennels of the county
are at all times dangerous, they have not
■■■ s.-.-ni'-l quite up to form.
Domlnick Shannon has sold his late
stake winner Barcastic to J. I- . Merold of
Merced. Her.- was an opportunity that
local leashmen overlooked. During his
last month of ownership Mr. Shannon
won with Barcastic fUO. Yet it remained
for a Merced man to buy him for $V*> and
then to win him out in the interior. Mr.
Shannon also had other "goo,] things."
He was up to a few days ago offering
three other high class performers for sale
at low class figures. As buyers were slow
to recognize the snap he has withdrawn
them from the market. His sole object
in disposing of them at all was to make
room for divers additions to his kennels
; that are daily expected.
Picking winners in to-day's run down
appears to '• a task extremely hazard
; ous. On paper the likeliest are Gazelle,
Tom Fitz. Hazel, Gladys Pasha. White
L,lly, Sylvia. Magic, Fireman. Mountain
Lassie, Fireball. Mohawk. Nelly B, Little
Corporal, Valley Maid, Systematic, Dong
las, At Last, Forget. Move On. Jimmy
• '•■ok. Clipper, Harkaway and Lady
■ Grace.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7.— Coursing in
Sacramento has become one of the recog
nized Bporta of the tinvs. Heretofore but
little attention whs paid to it beyond the
Interest taken by owners of dogs who
reside in the immediate vicinity. Now,
however, the pleasures and profits of the
pastta ight by many who reside
in counties adjacent to Sacramento,
at every coursing event during the last
few months entries have been made from
Placer, El Dorado, Yolo, San Joatjuin and
Solano counties.
Greyhounds formerly kept simply for
the sport offered by an occasional chase
In the open Held, and which nev.-r re
ceived the slightest care or training, are
now being groomed, blanketed, exercised
and looked after aa carefully as thorough
bred racehorses, and the sport they af
ford in the field of a regular coursing
association fully compensates the owners
for the attention they are now giving
these fleet-footed animals.
The matches for next Sunday promise
unusual interest, as some splendid ani
mals have been entered, and with the
generous purses which have been offered
by Epnn & Hanlon there will, no doubt,
be 'i urge attendance. The result of the
drawing last night was as follows:
J. Kendrick's Chance Shot against J
Hill's Kitty Lonsdale.
YV. T. Manner's Isonomy against Til
den & Phillips' Lily T.
Gilt Edge Kennels Flying Dutchman
against J. H. Ryan's Forest Queen,
Martin & CaputTO's Country Roy
against L. McMahop's Lily of the West.
T. Kennedy's Gflty against P. Mitch
ell's Orphan Girl.
H B. <V D.'s Skylight against M.
Rainey's Little Idol.
E. Walsh's Queen of Clubs against
Gill Edge Kennel's Whip .lr.
Glll Edge Kennel's Busy Beo against
T. Kennedy's Little Delight.
R. Bull's Blacksmith Boy against N.
Kelleher's Reception.
Gilt Edge Kennel's Forget Me Xot
against L. MrMnhon's Pansy.
C. Alvord's Eleta A. agains^ H. B. &
D.'s Dr.isy Hill.
Condrey & Roughfp Butcher Boy
against J. H. Ryan's Lanky Bob.
THE FIELD TRIALS
AT BAKERSFIELD.
The Pnolflo Coast Field Trials Club is
looking forward to a very successful
meeting on the plains near Bakersfleld
this month.
The handlers are busily engaped put-
MriK the finishing touches on the dops.
md according to the latest accounts there
will be some great surprises in store for
be sportsmen who are figuring on their
charges "pulling down" some of the
prizes.
The Eastern dogs that have been en
tered are naid to be doing very well, but
they are puzzled somewhat by the pe
culiar .action of the California quail
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898.
which are Bometimes very uncertain in
their habits.
Howard Yernon has sent his champion
polnu-r ••<;i«nlnlph" to Bakersfleld.
where Trainer Aliender is now perfect-
Ing him for the trials. Glenbetgh, al
though well along In years, should make
;i t 1 run for the place provided that he
baa not learned too many tricks In the
past few rears. Of late the old dog has
K"t very cunning-, but doubtless Aliender
will knock some of the loafing tactii
which he is possessor, out of him. If the
weather remains tine a pood crowd from
this city will witness the trials.
SLAUGHTERING TEAL
BY MOONLIGHT.
The> slight rainstorm that visited the
country onWednesday scattered the birds
that were loafing on the bay, and, as a
result, the sportsmen who will visit the
salt marshes to-day expect to enjoy some
-hooting.
The best shooting at present is to be
had on the Alviso and Mount Eden
marshes, but as considerable moonlight
LIBERTINE, the Great Son of Leonatus and Falaise, Winner of Over $40,000 in
Stakes and Purses.
shooting will be done to-night it Is not
thought that hunters who prefer to shoot
by the light of the sun will have much
Buccess to-morrow.
Doubtless large bags of teal will be
returned from Alviso and Mount Eden on
Sunday evening, as the teal frequent the
fresh water ponds at night, where they
arc bagged by hunters who watch and
wait for th"ir arrival.
The Sola no Republican recently pub
lished the following notes concerning lo
cal sportsmen:
George Green, the well-known pugilist,
with his friend. Arthur Lamphere. both
of San Francisco, have been at the Sui
sun Gun Club's headquarters with Dorm
Perkins, during the greater part of the
week.
A regular bombardment took place on
the marshes last Sunday, and the mor
tality among ducks was great. The day
was exceptionally favorable for the num
erous visitors who came to Suisun to
spend the holidays.
Joe Sweeney of San Francisco, who
recently recorded as having picked
up a stray duck whilu hunting at Good
year's station, visited the marshes with
Tom Lenahan last Sunday, and the two
hunters secured about thirty ducks.
Conspicuous among the San Francisco
hunters was James <".. Chesley, cashier of
the San Francisco Chronicle, who re
deemed his reputation by bagging a
string of twenty-eight ducks. Next on
the list came W. H. Bryan with a single
• l record of seventeen.
Richard Bliss and J. Fredericks bagged
126 mallard ducks near Merced last Sat
urday and Sunday. They report that
mallard and sprig are very plentiful in
the ponds about fifteen miles of Merced.
E. Marriott and F. Patrick returned
from Sherman Island with a splendid bag
of canvasbacks last Sunday. They were
guests of the Black Jack Club.
Dr. E. N. Ayres is authority for the
statement that William Remfree of An
tloch has a flock of turkeys trained to
"work" the wind mill thnt supplies his
house with water. The turkeys roost on
the wlnga of the wind mill and appear
to enjoy the ride round and round im
mensely.
Jack Semmer Sr. of this city and
Remfree Sr. of Antioch are matched to
shoot at 1W live birds, the loser to pay for
a dinner for the members of the Black
Jack Gun Club.
The race will be held Just as Boon
as the sportsmen will receive the guns
they have ordered from an English com
pany especially for this great event,
which will take place in Antioch.
NEW YEAR'S PROSPECTS
OF BASKET BALL.
The new year has opened very aus
piciously for basket ball. Quite a num
ber of games have been played during the
first week of '9S. the principal ones show-
Ing the following scores: 4 Lawyers vs.
Rushers of San Francisco. • 14-2; Incog
nitos vs. Athens (Oakland), 10-8; Mission
vs. Union (San Francisco). 12-10.
The most unexpected result was that
of the game between the Lawyers and the
Rushers, played at the Y. M. <\ A. gym
nalum of this city. The Rushers have
had three years' experience, while the
Lawyers have hardly been organized five
months, and yet the veterans have fallen
before the rising lilackstones.
The quick play of the Lawyers was
greatly admired and the spectators ap
plauded the work quite freely. The teams
lined up as follows:
Lawyers. Position. Rushers
Geo. T. Shaw, Jr..L. F F. L. Shaw
Dan Williams R. F H. Gulttard
F- B. Oliver C E. C. FlHscher
1. J. Truman. Jr..L. Q W. Mitchell
W. D. Delry R. G D. Hanrahan
The officers of the gams were: Ref
eree—C. J. Anger. Umpires— G. Klarman
and R. Homer. Timer— C. T. Pfarrer.
Scorer- F. M. Goodrich.
The '98 tournament will open next Fri
day, January 14 , and great interest is be
ing manifested in the coming games.
One of the new requirements for basket
ball players to enter any championship
games is to pass an athletic test of the
five following events: Marching, dumb
bell drill, horse, parallel bars, horizontal
bars and potato race. A man has to
score 65 points out of a total of 180 points.
These men have successfully passed the
test, viz: W. Wilson, 143 points; George
Klarman, 154; R. Homer, 159 1 -,; F. M.
Goodrich, 157; W. D. Delry. 127; H. C
Johnson, 155; C. J. Anger, lol 1^: Louis
Titus, IGO 1-3; F. Finch, 143^; F. S. Oliver,
151
FOOTBALL FOR THE
CHAMPIONSHIP.
The most Important football game in
this city since the great Intercollegiate
struggle will be played at Recreation
Park to-day.
After many weeks of correspondence
and meetings, the Olympics, formerly
the champion lightweight T. M. C. A.
team, hay agreed to meet the Center
ville Athletic Club on the gridiron for
the second time this season.
Interest attaches to the coming contest
as it will decide the championship of the
coast.
The Olympics played the Centerville
team a month ago and only succeeded in
winning after the hardest kind of a
struggle by v score of 4 to 0.
In the Centerville ranks are men who
have made enviable reputations on the
gridiron. Whipple, who plays right guard,
was a Varsity end on the Berkeley team
last season. La Cuna, at right tackle,
became well known by his clever play
ing on the Reliance team of '%. Morgan,
at quarter. Js a I. C. man and is ex
pected to give Bender s close tight for
that position next season. Carter, at
right half, made a reputation on last
years Reliance team by his dashing
runs, clever dodging and all-round play
ing. His run of seventy yards through
a scattered field in one of the big games
was the longest and most brilliant of the
season.
The Olympics have been playing to
gether for the past two years and go
through their maneuvers like clock work.
They will rely on team work to offset
the star individual playing of the visi
tors. Seawright will play fullback for
the Olympics, and it is expected that his
support will le of great value to the
team. His skill as a football player is
to,, well known and needs no description.
The Centerville team will bring with It
n large number of rooters. Following is
the line-up and the way the men will
face each other:
Centerville. Positions. Olympics.
Balse L. k. R Speck
Blakes L. T. R Duden
Whipple L. G. R Holcomb
Luney C Jacobs
Anderson R. Q. L. Keller
'■•i ( una R. T. L Sharkatt
McCabe R. E. L Neames
Morgan Quarter Evans
Garcia L. H. R Wilson
Carter R. H. L Hamilton
Jnrvls Fullback Seawright
The average weight of the teams is 140
pounds.
ERIN'S GREAT GAME
IS NOW BOOMING.
Doubtless the directors of the Olympic
Club, at their next meeting, will allow
the long expected handball tournament
Of the club to be played in Phil Ryan's
regulation handball court. The players
of the club are very desirous that the
directors will grant them some little con
cession.
At Phil Ryan's court, on Howard and
Fifth streets, the following games will be
played to-morrow:
If. Dillon and D. Connelly vb. J. law
less and J. McKvely.
I). liodgers and P. Ryan vs. G. McDon
ald and If. McXeil.
M. Joyce and T. Foley vs. D. Ryan and
M. Baseh.
I* Waterman and E. McDonough vs.
>• J. Prendergast and J. R. Bockman.
J. Hoftan and J. Klrby vs. E. Barry and
R. Housman.
P. Stelner and H. Danger vs. L. Cor
raine and W. Manlon.
J. C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet vs. J.
Rtordan and R. Llnehan.
(Jumes that have been slated at Con
don s court to-day are:
P. Kelly and P. Hutchinson vs. J.
Pendergast and M. Dillon.
A. Pennoyer and W. Kelly vs. G.
Hutchineon and J. Condon.
btinday games:
_W. Collins and J. McCarthy vs. W.
Hassell and A. Collins
B. Clements and J. O'Brlra vs. A. Mc-
Inerney and T. Lydon.
A. McVlcker and Q. Cunningham vs. O.
Ebner and J. Shaw.
S. Bradley and H. Moffltt vs. M. Mul
lany and R. Shields.
J. O'Leary and "Cyclone" Hayden vs.
Professor Barrett and J. Condon.
J. Sluttery and P. Kelly vs. J. Pender
gast and P. Hutchinson.
M. Dillon and W. Kelly vs. T. Caskln
and J. Wren.
-A- Pennoyer and G. Hutchinson vs. J.
O Donnell and J. Condon.
BOXING CONTESTS
ARE KNOCKED OUT.
The Health and Police Committee of the'
Board of Supervisors met yesterday and
decided that they would not issue any
permits this month for so-called boxing
exhibitions.
"It has been said." remarked Chair
man Delany, "that this committee would
to-day reconsider its act in the matter of
permitting prize nghtir.g in this city. As
far as I am concerned there will be no
reconsideration. The better element of
the people of San Francisco is opposed
to such exhibitions, and we want no more
of th»-m."
- Supervisor Hasklns entertained the
same idea. He thought the city would
be better off if slogging exhibitions were
suppressed. The matter was thereupon
dismissed.
Messrs. Glbbs and Groom of the Na
tional Club, when asked what they
thought of the action of the Supervisors
in having refused them permission to hold
the Sharkey and Jeffries fight this month,
said that they had every reason to believe
that after a number of professional slog
jrtrs will have left the city the Health
and Police Committee will allow clubs of
good standing to pull off limited round
contests.
"I cannot see," said Gibbs, "why there
should be such opposition to boxing in
the face of the fact that for several
months the Supervisors had witnessed
several of the matches which took place
in this city and pronounced them to be
scientific and without the element of bru
tality.
•'l'nssibly the Supervisors desire a few
months* rest from boxing contests, but
whin there is such a large number of
people interested In the sport. I cannot
see why there is such serious objection
to fistic entertainments when conducted
In a proper manner. Our exhibitions have
always been successful."
Groom was of the same opinion, but he
did not think permits would be granted
until some of the politicians who were
not on friendly terms with some of the
rlub managers had "squared" their diffi
culties.
Jeffries, who has been training in Oak
land under the care of Billy Delnney, will
quit exercising until such time as he
thinks there Ms a possible chance of the
match being pulled off in this city.
Sharkey is expected from Vallejo to-day
and doubtless he will take matters easy
lor a few days until he hears again from
Peter Maher. The last named fighter for
warded Sharkey articles of agreement a
few days ago for a contest which he ex
pected would be held in New Orleans.
The sailor in all probability will sign the
articles now th.it the prospect of a meet
ing with Jeffries is very slim so far as
this city is concerned.
DR. NANSEN WILL NOT COME.
The Scandinavian People Meet
Witf) Disappointment.
The Scandinavian people of San
Francisco were all prepared to receive
Dr. Frithjof Nansen. A committee
was formed of representatives of near
ly all the Scandinavian societies and
clubs of this city, representing 2000
Scandinavians. The chairman, Mr.
Elias Ruud, has communicated with
Dr. Nansen by telegraph and the Red
path Lyceum Bureau, his managers
in the United States, and received the
following telegram from Chicago:
"Nansen will not go to coast. Sails
home 19th February.
"REDPATH BUREAU. '
This calls everything off, of course,
and the chairman of the Nansen com
mittee extends thanks to all who have
shown Interest and signified their In
tention of taking part In the reception
of Dr. Nansen.
Investment Company Incorporates.
The "General Investment Company, or
ganized for the purpose of conducting a
general land and produce business. Incor
porated yesterday with a capital stock of
$100,000. $7100 of which has been sub
scribed. The directors are Thomas \V
Butcher, James Hagan, P. F. Ferguson,
\\ i.llam Thackeray, William Hide, Harry
Edwin Allen and Charles Fleming.
WHY NOT RIDE
BASES
ON THE WHEEL?
To-morrow will see the opening of the
Cycle baseball tournament, and wheeling
circles are all agog over the games sched
uled. The Idea originated with two of the
local clubs, which had organized ball
teams from among their members. Other
clubs were interested, until now eleven
In all have entered, and with clx clubs
contesting each Sunday the schedule runs
along until next May.
When the country roads are ridable
the idea is that any two clubs who are
scheduled to play each other should have
a joint club run to some out of town
point, and that the game between them
should be the feature. This will give
added interest to country runs. During
the rainy months, however, the games
will be played In this city, Alameda and
San Jose.
To-morrow the Garden City Wheelmen
and Imperial Cycling Club will meet at
San Jose, the Acme Club Wheelmen and
California Cycling Club at the Velodrqmo
and the Kncinal Cyclers and San Fran
cibco Road Club at Alameda. The Bay
Citys and Olympic Cyclers, although nut
scheduled, will play a practice game at
bixteenth and Folsom streets at 12
o'clock. The Cyclers expect to have Joe
Corbett in the box for them.
Some one had suggested that the Cy
clers might improve on the national game
by 'Tunning" their bases on their wheels.
It would certainly be a novelty, and if
a man could once get started right the
"stolen base" column would be about a
mile long. The thought is worthy of em
ulation.
The news that George Stratton was go-
Ing to leaves the coast fur good, as ex
clusively told in The Call yesterday, was
all the talk in cycling circles yesterday,
and much regret was expressed that the
C. A. C. C. and cycling circles generally
would lose such a prominent member.
Stratton will probably continue his mem
bership in the association and the Olym
pic Club Wheelmen, however, even after
he leaves.
The regular monthly meeting of the C.
A. C. C. will be held this evening at the
Enclnal Recreation Club, Alameda, which
is situated on Park street, about equi
distant between the broad and narrow
gauge trains. Passengers should get off
at Park street station on either line. The
7:30 narrow gauge boat will take over
most of the officers and delegates from
this side.
A meeting of the officers and commlt
tecmen of the association was held last
night at President Adams' office to dis
cuss matters of general interest, and
particularly the road book. It is hoped
to have this long delayed work out by
next March.
The Capital City Wheelmen of Sacra
mento, having over $2700 in bank, have de
cided to build their own club house.
A petition is before the Board of Super
visors of Alameda County to regxade and
widen the base of the San Leandro tri
angle. If these improvements are made
that portion of the celebrated cycle rac
ing course will be in splendid shape for
the wheelmen this year.
The organized cycling clubs should con
tribute more liberally and freely to the
good roads fund. But three clubs— the
Olympic Wheelmen, Kncinal Cyclers and
California Cycling Club— are doing any
thing in this direction. A monthly do
nation of say $10 would help the cause ex
ceedingly.
The Alpha (ladies') Cycling Club at a
recent meeting elected the following of
ficers: President, Miss Elizabeth Tilden;
vice-president. Miss Minnie Rousseau
secretary. Miss May F. Madson; treas
urer. Miss Marie McCarthy; captain,
Mrs. Addie Wynne; first lieutenant. Miss
Johanne Bertram; second lieutenant,
Miss Emelie Cheffers; sergeant-at-arms,
Miss Louisa Kroetz.
J. Platt-Betts, the speedy English
rider, has broken the Australian ton
mile record by 4 3-5 seconds, making the
distance in 20:02 2-5.
Badly soiled cork-handle grips can be
cleaned by the use of a little turpentine.
The Century Road Club of America has
approved of the San Francisco-San Jose
record made by Ed O. Kragness of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen on November 14
last. His time was 2 hours 27 minutes.
The many friends of James Joyce Jr.,
the popular Eastern salesman, who spent
part of 1595-96 here, will be surprised and
delighted to learn that he will soon be
married, the fortunate young lady being
h Miss G. L. Watkins of South Manches
ter, Conn., which was Mr. Joyce's old
home. There Is a pretty romance con
nected with the story, they having hetn
playmates in their childhood. The an
nouncement comes with the opening year,
and Mr. Joyce writes me from Washing
ton, D. C. where he is temporarily lo
cated, saying that he wants all" his
friends on the coast to know of his good
luck, and not having time to write ekeb
one personally informs them this way
and wishes them all the season's compli
ments. His oft-expressed wish that his
company might locate him permanently
In San Francisco is re-echoed by hun
dreds in the wheeling fraternity with
whom he came in contact during his
stay. With Joyce. I.ozier. I.ennie. Knnpo
Goddard and Stratton away from the
coast, it does not seem like the same old
crowd.
The National Assembly of the LAW
which convenes at St. Louis next month'
will wrestle with the Sunday-racing ques
tion and the admission of professionals
the same as the meeting at Albany last
year did. This year's delegates may look
at these matters differently, for the as
sembly is, by force of circumstances' a
garrulous and irresponsible body not
through lack of intelligence on the cart
of the individual members, hut beeaii<?<»
the personnel of the body changes an
nually to such an extent that each assem
bly is practically a new institutlo n rnew
to the questions brought up for consid
eration.
The Cyole Board of Trade will hold a
banquet for all its members to-nipht at
112 Tine street at 7 o'clock. President
Fortin and Secretary Hamilton " have
made excellent arrangements for the
comfort and entertainment of the jruests
and a splendid time is assured '
H. W. SPALDINQ.
Five hundred years agro the rent of
arable land in England was 6d an acre.
Tremendous Exodus to the Klondike.
Despite the warnings of those who have
been on the spot, and predict suffering in the
Klondike n>Klon. thousands of adventurous
Americans are wending: their way thitherward.
All of them should be provided with thai
medicinal safeguard, Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters, which warms and nourishes the sys
tem, and prevents malaria, rheumatism, kid
ney trouble, besides remedying liver complaint
dyspepsia and constipation.
ALL ABOUT
FISHES
AND STREAMS.
The continued spell of dry weather has
had the effect of vastly improving the
fishing for large steelheads in Russian
River, »while on the other hand the
sence of rain has ruined the sport which |
local anglers had expected to enjoy this
month in the tide waters of Paper Mill
Creek.
As stated in The Call of Wednesday,
the Greek- and Italian fishermen who
seine for small fishes in Tomales Bay
with nets of small meshes have been
catching" large numbers of steelheads in
the channel of Paper Mill -Creek and
within a few hundred yards of a place
on the -creek which is known as the
White House. ' . ,
The attention of the Fish Commission
ers has been called more than once to
this fact, but up to the present writing
it cannot be said that they have taken
the least notice of tne requests of the
anglers and the residents of Point Reyes,
who are desirous that they investigate
and learn if the fishermen are usliing
with nets of lawful size.
Mr. Rochfort of Point Reyes. In a let
ter to the sporting editor of The Call,
stated that Mr. Babcock, chief of the
fish patrol, recently informed one of the
visiting anglers to Point Reyes that the
Tomales Bay fishermen were using nets
of 'lawful size, and that there was noth
ing in the law to prevent them _ from
catching steelheads in the bay. But ang
lers who had seen the fishermen haul in
between thirty and forty fishes last bun
day at Inverness state positively that a
12-inch trout could not forge its way
through the meshes. If this be the case
the Fish Commissioners should certainly
dispatch a deputy on a tour of examina
tion to Inverness, regardless of the ex
pert opinion of the chief of the fish pa
tr paper Mill Creek is a grand fishing
stream; in fact it has not an equal on
Judging from the numbers of fishes that
are taken from this stream annually by
the anglers of this city and also of Marin
County, it is really astonishing that
there are any fish remaining in , the
stream at the end of the angling season.
But as it is stocked in a way by the Fisn
Commission about once in five years,
doubtless the grand sport that is enjoyed
during the summer months by vismrg
anglers must, in a measure, be attributed
to the "too liberal" dumping of fry into
the waters by the gentlemen who have
been "neglecting" the mountain streams
so as to give local anglers of little money
and of little time something by which
they can remember the Fish Commission
ers of the State of California.
Anglers who whip to Paper Mill, So
noma, Alameda, Calaveras and other
streams which are within easy reach of
this city in the spring and summer
months of the year, do not, as a general
thing, look altogether to the baskets they
make. The outing in spring when the
, country is blanketed in robes of green;
when the perfume of wild flowers waft
from the trees and hillsides over spark
ling waters and is caught on the fly, so
to speak, by the olfactories of the lovers
of the angle and also of Nature in its
wildest state: it is this which makes
glad the heart of the true sportsman and
which adds to the pleasures that accrue
at the end of a day's tramp when baskets
are compared. ''
The army of anglers is increasing with
each season, and, as a consequence, the
Fish Commissioners should pay more at
tention to the stocking of the coast
streams with trout fry. The Paper Mill
and Sonoma Creeks, which are incessant
ly whipped by anglers during spring and
summer, should be liberally stocked, but
unfortunately, these streams are not as
favored as some of the far distant moun
tain lakes and rivers that are visited by
a comparative few of the anglers of this
iclty.
The following letter from a resident of
Duncan's Mills to The Call speaks for
itself:
Duncans Mills, Cal., Jan. 6, 1898.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: I
would like to answer part of your article
of January 5 entitled, "Steelheads Will
Be Scarce." In regard to the seizure, of
a net Sunday night and the hasty retreat
of the fishermen, I will say that. I was
one of the fishermen concerned and that
■ we were fishing strictly within the law —
: i. c., drifting a full 7%-inch net, "free to
! float with the current or tide," and un
j secured; that Instead of the fish patrol
| men laying In wait for me until a late
I hour they simply sneaked on us, and we
called them down and invited them to
examine our net, which they did, and
told us we were within the law but had
i better take our net up and go with them
i to the hotel and see Mr. Babcock, which
we did, leaving the net in our boat, and
during our absence one of the patrolmen
j stole our net.
Mr. Vogelsang and Mr. Babcock were
j in bed, and knew nothing of the occur
j rence until notified at 10 p. m., which was
I not a very late hour. Furthermore, the
patrolmen who made the seizure (?) had
previously informed us that we could fish
: according to law in the manner we were
! doing.
Now, if Mr. Babcock would turn his
i attention to the unlawful running and
! killing of deer— an instance of which oc-
I curred here Sunday "under the Commis
j sioners' very noses," a fawn doe run by
I two hounds, in sight of the hotel and
almost in the very streets of the town —
j he would fill his office much better in the
: estimation of the people of this vicinity
i than by putting in ten hours a day
; angling and persecuting lawful fishermen.
What more harm can a lawful net do which
! catches only six fish in one night than a
bevy of anglers who catch sixty-five
! steelheads in one day, as was the' case
here yesterday?
The big fish feed on the little ones, and
the rich men feed on the poor. When
Mr. Babcock and his cheap John friends
want salmon roe for bait they don't
I question where it came from, and go
| home forgetting to pay for it; but when
they catch sixty-five fish a day they
don t need the poor man's bait
; Hoping you will find room for this
; article in your valuable paper, I remain
; yours respectfully. **«.*• remain,
W. E. MUXSELL.
One of the (illegal?) fishermen.
_^ NEW TO-DAY
TCUREFITS
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to
stop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
SICKNESS a life-long study. I warrant my
remedy to cure the worst cases. Because
others have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. Send at once fora treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy.
Give Express and Post Office address.
Prof. W. H.PEEKE, F.D.,
4 Cedar St., New York.
a^Tr-Tllr » V '"° will send you ° fire (5) dny trial
W MPMI treatment of the Trench Kemedv
f mE n W CALTHOS free, Co C. O. D.i and
1 oc-^r m a legal guarantee that CALTHOB will
Tilit. , STtSS 11 * 1^ 11 * I^"*" 3 Emlwloni,
■Mm All uliM CUKEBpermatorrhfß,Varlcocele.
gjr - « nJ RKSTOKE Lo«t V! or. £?
JHBMHbI It coats you nothing to try It.
| VonMOhlCO. 440850l ll s u.f.ii Un»H.O.
I*" HAYK , YOU Sort' Throat. Pimples, Copper- 1
Colored Spots. Achea, Old Bores, Ulcers
in Mouth, Hair-Palling? Write COOK Rpu I
??f>n C °T-r T213T 213 . MASONIC TEMPLE VlW-
«Ar<ii\ to * or P roofa of cures. Caplui I
) A PERMANENT CURE 1
> and h 2,P°? tobBtln atecasesrof Gonorrhcea ?
5 and Gleet, f narante «i in from 3 to 6 C
C days; no other treatment required. • !
;-'ciL ; bold by all drnggists, "' ■ ' !THE BLACK JACK CLUB'S
OPENING
THE CORONER
ON HIS METTLE
;_•-; He Administers Rebukes
_v; , to Two Witnesses at
. " . Inquests.
Cs:-" : * "
■;:•;.= A. Verdict of Murder Brought
;.' : ;/;~; . In in the Case of
■".-•■- •".• . John Dow.
•'••■ -the Jury Decides That Catherine
.-."•-*/.■' . Downes Was Poisoned, by
''.-'■'■'•"■'• Carbon Monoxide.
• ';. :-\ ■■
- ;.-! '-'Yesterday was a busy day in the
■••'-■./.Coroner's office, and, perhaps, the
"■• --.amount of work before him put Coro
."•. ner Hawkins on his mettle; at all
/•'■..events, those whose views conflicted
■j ° with his experienced the somewhat un
. ."pleasant sensation of being told what
, . they didn't know in plain language be
•; fore, the usual audience which congre
gates in the Coroner's office during in
quests.
The first sufferer was Detective
Crockett, who was cailed as a witness
in* the Dow case", and perhaps he was
not very much surprised, as wordy en
• counters between him and the genial
r doctor have been frequent of late.
; Since the body of Dow was found in
his snooting gallery the Morgue offi
cials have claimed that it was a clear
case of murder, while the police have
been busy trying to find a reason why
the man should commit suicide. The
first outburst came while William Otto
was giving his testimony and showing
to the jury the awkward position the
-. pistol would have to be held in order
for a man to shoot himself with his left
hand. Mr. Crockett made a side re
.. mark to Captain Bohen, ridiculing
. ,Otto as an expert on firearms. The re
mark was heard by Dr. Hawkins, as
. ■well; as by nearly every one in the of
fice, and caused the ire of tb>» Coroner
"".. to rise in mighty volume. He donned
"..' his war paint with great rapidity and
• went after the scalp of the luckless
'.- .hawkshaw with th fierce determina
•'., ' tipn of an Indian brave after that of
•'. his hated foe. The burst of wrath soon
".'" .' subsided, as did the detective, but only
: ' for a time, for Mr. Crockett soon put
- his foot in it again, and the doctor re
. newed his war dance.
The cause of the second tornado was
the fact that Crockett when on the wit
ness-stand swore that Cohen, the spe
cial officer, had lighted the gas in the
shooting gallery the night before the
body was found. As a matter of fact
•_, Crockett knew nothing of the lighting
of the gas except what he learned from
coaching given him by Cohen at the
• very moment he (Crockett) was testi
fying. The by-play between the two
; officers was plainly Been by the jury
and the Coroner, and the latter went
1 „ after Crockett rough shod, telling him
in a far from gentle manner that a
. man who had been on the force as
v long as Crockett should know enough
.. to not testify to, something he knew
nothing of and to make remarks which
c would have a tendency to influence the
Jury. Crockett said he meant no wrong
4 and apologized to the doctor after the
\ inquest, and the two parted as friends
c as far as outward appearances go.
With the exception of the display of
. '..Hawkins' wordy pyrotechnics the case
:: - went on smoothly enough, and the cvi
':; dence brought out was very similar to
:*hat which has already been published.
' . A number of witnesses were called who
::.'•■ greed to the finding of the body in
bod with covers drawn up close around
: : the neok and the cocked pistol lying
 on the floor beside the bed. Dr. Gal
lagher, the autopsy physician of the
.••Morgue, testified to the three bullet
• ' . Wounds, any one of which would, un
» p ordinary circumstances, produce
'. ?h ana 'n -u or immediate unconsciousness;
«f<£ L# h fi, W £ Unda were a)I in right
'■- Bide of the head; that no blood had run
: -bein the ef Si de ' Whlch would have
' • c'; h "' 2f* l ad ! he bofly moved after
■i Sfflfe ev^t^madf^h^he^poinf o?
; JMPtetOl after death , under £»*%«
Jury was out but a few minute,
when they returned with verdict Lit
Dqw had been murdered by a nartv or
parties unknown. 1 yor
( .T!!",, neKt caKe Ca " eCl WaS that Of '
Catherine Downes, who was asphyxi
ated by Illuminating gas, and as Dr.
?o ! e V rte d that she had come
noiaJnin ? atI V by carbon-monoxide
duty tl S f n "' Coroner kerned it his
and fin i cal i m Gas In spector Taylor
-r. 1 f,nd out What he knew about gas.
cidod a f< ; Ueßtlons the Coroner de-
S that Taylor did not know any
heonS^ 1/^1 /^ Taylor becai "c of
were hlfZ that to many Questions
If he by«b v«2 ti a n Bked and wanted to know
ii ./I as there on trial. "
ner*"lVo n Baylor," replied the Coro
with yon t care to argue the P° nt
with you. I agree with you that the
Coroner may call in people who in his
opinion, could tell something about it
and you being gas inspector is why I
£rf« t y i? U ;"^" r aut °P s Physician re
oorts that this woman was poisoned
ON BLACK JACK PRESERVES.
Since the Supreme Court of this State proclaimed that the gun clubs that
had leased marsh lands in Solano County for hunting purposes had a perfect
right by law to demand protection from the State from annoyance occasioned
them by trespassers who were enjoying the same privileges as the members,
duck-shooting lands have been in great demand.
The marshes through which runs the line of the San Francisco and Xorth
Pado< C • Railroad between Ignacio and Petaluma were open to sportsmen
two ;■ but now only members of clubs who have leased the best puces
01 snooting marsh can enjoy, in peace, the pleasures of duck shooting.
IJut. so far as duck-snooting preserves are concerned, possibly, the Black
Jack Shooting Club has the choicest bit of ground of the up-river shootiiiK
clubs.
It has leased 5000 acres of ideal duck land on Sherman Island, and within
easy reach of Antioch, from Mr. Patrick, for a term of years.
With the exception of teal, every known variety of wild duck indigenous to
this country may be found on the Black Jack preserve during the open season
for snooting 1 -
The ponds over which the members shoot are reached from" the hunting arks
by means of tule-splitters— frail craft that are pointed at both ends and will
be upset by looking at them crosswise. These little flat-bottom skimmers can
be handled with any degree of safety only by experienced hunters who use
long poles, with which they push the "double-enders" through the narrows
until open water is reached. ««*»iu»s
The tyro affords the hunters no end of enjoyment. Once seated in one of
those shake- em-ups he is, so to speak, completely at sea, as with the le-,<r
side movement of the body the splitter shivers and turns completely over if the
occupant should lose his balance. t»«sieiy over n me
i , Wlt , h . ver £ f ew exceptions, those who have mastered the intricacies of a.
tule-splltter have had several upsets in going to and from shooting points in
the tales. The expert handler of the pole stands almost in the center of his
frail boat and pushes the craft with surprising speed through the n-irrn-SL
which are about wide enough to barely afford the boat room for passage Th«
least mistake, however, means an upset and a good ducking =°«»»«» -me
r-, There . are six excellent shooting ponds In the preserve* of the Black Tool,
Club, and each pond has its feathered visitors as follows: The Back Jack
pond, black jacks, the Reaper pond, gadwell duck; open water pond r.nv s
back; back ponds, mallard and gad well; Sacramento ponds, mallard and can"
vasback; Brown ponds, widgeon, sprig, gad well and woodducks an *
The season opens with Black Jack shooting, then follows wido-onn tv,«
sprig and Gadwell, canvasback and mallard, etc °* s *»a&eon, then
Owing to the cold weather of the past month the shooting on the nrim_
has not been good, as the ponds were frozen, and the birds conseauentiv fr c
quented the open water on the Sacramento and San Joaquin ri™V * fre "
A change in the temperature of the weather will Insure th« «.„ ♦
grand sport, as then the flight of canvasback from the north shored nf SI n
bay to the open ponds on the island marshes will most certalnlv fv>i£f the
A keeper of the club named Stevens killed se^W^Ve^nvaibac*k « n
shoot that lasted four hours last season. This occurred immediately f!" a
stretch of dry weather and preceding the arrival of .heal™ blow y fter ,,. a
south. uivn irom tne
Visalla./a Greek hunter, who is now head keeper of the ninv.
that he will bag over 100 canvasback on the first day of th* fir«t «» wagered
he predicts is very near at hand. ■-. .~k " " l lne nrst storm, which
The club has two large arks very comfortably fitted un Tim,,
In Kimballs slough and within close range of the duck-shooting £rn!",° anch x or <*l
season the club will erect a clubhouse near the spot whew tv,,? £ Und . s> Next
are stationed, and men will be engaged to cut trails through i*. ,, nllnß arks
tain ponds that cannot, at present, be reached by boat Thi «i.,l CS to cer "
duck-hunting boats and 500 decoys. Its officers are: President ? v wr ! fifteen
< tnrv-treasurer, James Markland; directors, "\v Swkin w' »«° Len >mer;
Maynard. ain ' w. McCrae and J.
by carbon-monoxide, and you, as gas
inspector, having reported finding the
gas used in the city is a combination
of coal and water gas; and we would
also like to know if this gas contains
a toxic agent, and that if, as pas in
spector, since you draw your salary
and make your report, we certainly
expected that you would be able to
tell us something about it. It is quite
evident, Mr. Taylor, you know nothing
about it. You are excused."
After a few other witnesses were ex
amined the jury retired and brought
in a verdict of accidental death by
carbon-monoxide poisoning.
Other inquests were held as follows:
Frederick Bernhard, aged 45, wool
cleaner, drowned in the bay on New
fear's day, open verdict, the jury be
ing unable to determine whether the
death was accidental or otherwise;
Mrs. Amelia A. Churchill, aged 48, run
down by an electric car on Fourth
street, near Howard, January 4, acci
dental death, with a rider that the
Market-stret Railway Company was
to blame for not providing its electric
cars with proper fenders; Lee Tong,
stabbed by Lee Fat, December 29, will
ful murder; John W. West, aged 54,
confectioner, died in the City Prison
December 20, chronic alcoholism;
Qeorge (yNefl, aged 28, ]37 Sanchez
street, who shot himself through the
head January 1, suicide; Fred Nest,
aged 30, found dead in his room at 16
Ellis street January 3, strychnine pois
oning.
Asks to Change K|er Name.
Carolina Welhelmena Ludaking has
applied to the Superior Court to be al-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898.
Kn? V h S£ na^ c t0 that of
gives as her reason fnr J, h£, ne »tioner
her name that "h? ha^ V Bhin F to alter
the name sh" wlWn h9lh 91 known by
for twenty-six vVanfi.ii J\? v . c le R a »zed
noyance would resuft should *X ercat an "
to resume her a^^Pt
A BIG REDUCTION.
The Valley *oad Lowers Its
Charge or) Lumber.
vJne ce v Ra T ? Francisco and s an Joaquin
Valley Railway Company have re
duced their rates on lumber from San
Francisco to all points along the line
The reduction, which has been con
tempiated for some time and wh?ch
went into effect the first of the year
cuts off 40 cents a ton on all lumber
P ire d to n ns Ca c r a 1 e°h a : l ° f >~
fin locorrig ble Youth.
John Montcricher, an incorrigible boy
was sentenced to spend the next six years
of his life in the Proton ? School of ?™
dustry by Judge Cook yesterday . morn
ing. The youth was up before Judge Cook
a few weeks ago on a charge of burglary
but owing to his tender rears ho wasdi£
missed. Yesterday he was arrested on a
charge of petty larceny, and after listen*
ing to the evidence in the case, Judge
Cook ■ passed sentence. ««uiso
Most Complexion Powders J
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's is a true/
beautifier, whose effects are lasting. /
MYSTERIOUS
BURGLARIES
Many Articles Are Missed
From a Powell-Street
Dwelling.
An Arrest Made Following an
Investigation by
Officers.
Detectives Have Been Put on the
Case to Follow Up the
Matter.
For the past few days articles of
value ha>e been missed from rooms in
the building at 203 Powell street, and
until last evening no trace could be
found of th.> culprit who was commit
ting the burglaries. The police were
notified of the depredations, but the
burglaring still continued.
Wednesday evening a well-dressed
young man called at the house and
Mked for rooms. After being shown
several he pit kid out one which
«emcii to suit hi-:.. During the even
ing the landlady ] t the house, and on
her return she missed several silk
dresses, a sealskin sacque, as well as
several other articles of more or less
value. The police were again notified
of the state of affairs, and an officer
was sent to look through the house.
Early in the evening Officer Burns
took a man to the City Prison
and placed his name on the
detention book as John All
man. It was rep.>ned that the
stolen goods had been found in his
room, and it was afterward learned
that he was the young man who had
applied for a room in the house the
nii?ht before. Detective Dillon was put
on i li • • case, and it is thought the am
n st <>f Allman will put a stop to the
frequent burglaries in that neighbor
hood.
THAT COLUMBIA FIRE.
The True Origir) of the Blaze Has
Been Discovered by the
pire Marshal.
Yesterday morning the officials of
the Fire Department arrived at the
conclusion that a defective flue was
the cause of the fire in the Columbia
Theater building Thursday eveninp.
The flue is between the St. Ann's
building and the damaged property. A
report made by Captain Comstock of
the underwriters estimates that the to
tal lo^s will amount to $19,200 with
very little insurance.
Work will begin at once repairing
the theater .^nd it Js hoped that it will
be again opened by January 17. All
the plaster in the building will have
to be torn down as it was seriously
damaged by water. \ new electric
light and heating apparatus will be
put in during the repairs on the
building. The decorations of the
theater will be white and gold, shaded
with blue and pink.
To Save Their Tea.
Sang Lung & Co., and a number of
other Chinese merchants have filed a
petition In the Circuit Court praying for
an injunction to restrain Collector Jack
son from destroying a quantity of tea
seized durirtjr the months of May June
and July, 1597. The tea seized was what
is known as Canton tea. and as there
is no standard set for it In the customs
laws and it is below the ordinary stand
ard of tea. Collector Jackson seized 2910
packages of it. valued at about $20 000
The case will coma up before Judge Mor
row on Monday, January 17.
Tbe Argument Closed.
T. C. Coopan closed hip Rrpument for
the coal dralers In the Circuit Court yes
terday morning, and A. 1.. BUok replied
for th<' j.er.ple. In the arternoon District
Attorney p^oote made th«- closing argu
ment for the government. The opinion
will ho rendered In :i fr\v days.
NEW TO-DAY.
A Deficiency in
from any cause __
U always very Heart Action
dangerous. Dr. IIC U l -*'. •^CtIUII
Miles' New fysiem of Reuorati7e Remedies
are accomplishing wonders in regulating the
heart notion. For relieving that feeling of
choking mid smotherin?; shortness of tne
breath, flutiering or palpitation, wesk iind
hungry spells, Irregular or intermittent pulse,
any of wh.cn are symptoms of i ear t disease',
■|\ !••! • There Is bit one sci-
Dr. Miles ssSiiSK&^SS
Book on the ■ ■ - >> "'
!Ss.'S Heart Cure
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, lnd.
/> JPVDEWEY,STRON6&CO.>gSI> 1
& patents! ;)
Vi^33o MARKET ST. SJ.SSi^
COL. H. P. BUSH
HAS RETIRED
He Will Cease to Be As
sistant Adjutant Gen
eral, N. G. C.
Lieutenant T. M. Cluff, Pay
master, Named as His
Successor.
Henry F. Emerie Will Succeed Cluff
as Paymaster on the Divi
sion Staff.
The sensation in National Guard cir
cles yesterday was the announcement
that Major General James, division
commander, had dispensed with the
services of Colonel H. P. Bush, the as
sistant adjutant general, and that he
had named his successor.
"The change was brought about at
my own request," said Colonel Bush
last night. "I found that my private
business would not allow me the time
which must be devoted to the duties of
the office of assistant adjutant gener
al, and on Thursday I notified the ma-
Jor general of my desire to be relieved,
and in pursuance of that desire I sent
him a letter, of which the following is
a copy:
Major-General N. T. James,
Commanding Division N. G. C.
~. _ San Francisco, Cal.
»ir: I respectfully ask to be relieved
irom duty a.s assistant adjutant-seneral,
Division N. G. C.
1 have the honor to be
Your obedient servant,
H. P. BUSH,
Colonel and A. A.-General.
"Upon the receipt of my letter," con
tinued the colonel, "the division com
mander issued an order as follows:
January 6, IS9B.
Qeneral orders No. t— Extract.
1. In accordance with his own request,
of this date, Colonel H. P. Bush (re
tired) is hereby reUi \<d from duty as as
sistant adjutant-general, Division N". G.
C. H« will remain on duty at these head
quarters until further orders.
i'-y command of Major-General James,
L. S. SCHMIDT,
Major and A. D. C, A. A. A.-Gen.
As soon as this order had been issued
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. ClufE,
paymaster on the division staff, was
appointed to fill the prospective vacan
cy, and Henry F. Emeric was appoint
ed to fill the vacancy caused by the
promotion of the paymaster.
Colonel Bush was on the retired list
as colonel of the First Infantry at the
time that he was appointed assistant
adjutant general, and during the time
that he has filled that office he has per
formed his official duties in a very sat
isfactory manner. When he surrenders
his office he will return to the retired
list just as he was before he assumed
the office he has been filling for some
time past. Cok.-nel Bush enlisted in
Company H, First Infantry, June 3,
1870, was elected first lieutenant on the
Ist of July following, and was elected
captain of the company April 12, 1872.
He was re-elected six times, and March
11, 1891, was elected lieutenant colonel
of the First Infantry, which position
he held until May 14, 1595. wh<=>n he
was elected colonel of the regiment,
and on May 1. I^9^ be was placed on
the retired list or Ihe reorganization
of the National dv. :.i. Upon the res
ignation of Colonel J. C. Currier as as
sistant adjutant general on the division
staff. May 31. 181»7, he was appointed to
fill the vacancy.
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. duff,
paymaster on the division staff, who
has been chosen to succeed Colonel
Bush, entered the service June 22, ISB7,
as first lieutenant and ordnance offi
cer of the First Infantry, and since
then has been commissary of the regi
ment, quartermaster, lieutenant and
commissary on the division staff, in
spector of rifle practice, and was re
cently promoted paymaster on the divi
sion staff. He has had considerable
experience in the affairs of the Nation
al Guard, and it is the general impres
sion that he will make a very accept
able assistant adjutant general.
Henry F. Emeric. who will succeed
Colonel Cluff on the division staff as
paymaster, is the well-known fish com
missioner.
A Special Meeting.
A special meeting will be held by the
Police Commissioners this evening for the
purpose of filling the vacancies caused
by the retirement of Sergeant Fitzger
ald and the promotion of Captain Bohen
It is reported that other things of inter
est will crop op at the meeting.
Meld for Trial.
Joseph Dougherty, who snatched a purse
from Hilma Carlon on December 30 last,
was held yesterday by Judge Conlan to
appear for trial. His bonds were placed at
_^ NEW TO-DAY.
Mr. Magee!
A Montana Man Was No Use tor
Tobacco.
Browning, Montana. Sept. 1, '97.
Eureka Chemical and Mnfg. Co.. La Crosse.
Gentlemen— l have used no tobacco since I
took BACO-CURO two years ago last
March, and have no desire to. My weight
has gone up from 160 pounds to 195 pounds
and I never felt better in my life.
Respectfully, *
THOS. B. MAGEE
fl^^^^^^^HHH^^^vPHQPWQMGß3fSlKr)9''WV9Pfi
Mr. Magee felt that tobacco was hurtia;
him and took BACO-CURO. Like all wh<
have used this kindly vegetable antidote, h<
is permanently weaned from tobacco am
has no desire to return to it. The wondei
fnl part of a cere from BACO CURO is thir
it remove* every trace of nicotine in the s^ >
tern, leaving it as free as it was before th
first smoke or chew. Write for proofs 0
cures.- We give a written guarantee t
•jure permanently any case with threi
boxes, or refund the money. 00c. or $
a box, three boxes (guaranteed cure) $.'.5.,
''i iii-ijists everywhere, or RT7KRK a «?'•' <?'.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
rilbg Museum of Anatomy
I plna\ 1051 HABIET ST. bet. Sti* 7th, S. F. CiL
m Xft _ W The Larceit of lt« kind In the World.
l^ra^\ DR ' JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 tflWll *^ ConealMtlon free. TCrlta for 6«ok
k\ I of Marriage.
A O WAILED met. .
RChleke«ter's EbclUli DUuaoml Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-CV^v Original «n<] Only Cfnulno. A
. J-jf nrt\ ••»«. *!»»?• rr|labl«. udiij »k ££*■
wiiLttSn'o 1 o* 'b ' *"V' •' h .B"* ribbon. TnkeXltr
I*l -W** VS"!"" other. P'fi,**d mjmm, tukmiu- V
I/ - {&'•■»•» '•■'•"' ■■>■>••• At Drojirlit«.or«n«4«.
I «J» ML '" »t»ir. Pf br J mr i lfvl "*' i,vlmout»i »n«
'. *•* B " Keller for Ttitfeo." m Uttrr, h T r-ttirn
— V__ IfL M«ll. 1«',«OO T»ttlmoDl«li. /r«»r .<op»r
! i -. T r»lebc»t»rt"hoinleaien.,MndUa«« " -imnr*.
■ «d by all L~-«i nrn»»«««. I'lHI.-VV*^ i»a;
, . . i — ; L
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Kreat Mexican ' Remedy; gives health and
•trength to the sexual organ*. • ■* "•
NEW TO-DAY. V^S
s *ll*™^"^^* 11 *™^"^^- t IDEAL GRANDMOTHEKS.
Kj/^ Women "Who Know the Laws of Nature and Obey
•t ji j v: Them May Live to Green Old Age.
■ yAdj£"T^ l V\*'\-^j«^^^ Mrs. ' nll ' " 1 Says When We Violate Nature's Lawi
MHXjft*2/kj*&SS^^k Our Punishment Is Pain — If We Continue
£EsJ&soi%^ -^j-V^^gpg to No »» ltct tll ° Warning Wa Die.
BPSHodK^C** 1^ &'/ff?^>ffif Providence has allotted us each at least seventy
ears in which to fulfill our mission in
TT' v lifc ' aud lt is generally our own fault if
P^^^^^^w||^]lM^%*%l When everything becomes a burden
// and *'° U caunot walk a few blocks
mf) '^L^l^s^^^^^^L y% break out into perspirations easily,
\\ll<\ fJS^m^P^SlS^^t^ fl\ and yOUr face flushes ' and you grow
1 WjJI 'jBTJmBB^\^ 4 /|\ exc ' itetl and shaky at the least provoca-
\'W iv\!|^L er: our ner ves have given out; you
k» -vj - need building up at once! To build
up woman's nervous system and re-
store woman's health, we know of no better or more inspiring medicine than
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Your ailment taken in time can be
thrown off, if neglected it will run on into great suffering and pain.
Here is an illustration. Mrs. Lucy Goodwin, Holly, W. Ya.. says:
" I suffered with nervous prostration, faintness, all-gone feeling and palpi-
tation of the heart. I could not stand but a few moments at a time without
having that terrible bearing-down sensation.
"When I commenced taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound I
only weighed 108 pounds, and could not sit up half a day; before, however, I
had used a whole bottle, I was able to be about. I took in all about three bot-
tles of the Compound, and am entirely cured; now I weigh 131 pounds and feel
like a new woman, stronger and better than ever in my life."'
So it transpires that because of the virtues of Mrs. Pinkham's wonderful
Compound, even a very sick woman can be cured and live to a green old age.
s Eagle Brand «(
* Condensed Milk 5 >
\ //as No Equal as an Infant Food. fe^^^ I
\ "fNFAKT HEALTH'sent FREE. 0
84 CANCERS CURED
.^naa*3R •^C^ State of California,
SL___ C& County of San Fran-
X V Jro^&*S&S*t?&^ I'hamlcy of 710 Mar-
V \ l^K^^^k.^^^ kp t street personally
\ I /SiFlSSsSifß?*?^ appeared before me
*^^ raasfiS«-ihj£ks ;;T!(1 swears that he
V§t§3pH&&&B2iSS*^. has cured eighty-tour
I .ayStasKglEr cancers during the
'!',"'> year of 1597. Some
i-sSj?s?^il* ! l M were cured free and
>'. i ' ■ others were charged
f ;^" f ' • ' -■'■ ity3^ 'rum ?25 to S'J'JO, ac-
j^J^^^&Sv^yf^lf cording to size. 11-
B^f^a^^^St^ MII so swears that he
■L %Jf •*,■ ipL JS M V nas refused as many
- ,j»»^ *<SiSr ■* . more cases, as they
■were too far advanced to warrant a cure. He
swears his cash receipts for the year are $3200,
with a balance of over $1000 due. He sends free
a "."-page book on cancers and tumors cured
without knife or pain. No pay until cured.
S. R. CHAMLEV, M. D.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 31st
day of December, 1597. A. J. HENRY.
Notary Public.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A. I.T. A'rrcous Jfli»c.2«p» — Failing Morn
017, Impotency, 81oeplessness, etc, erased
by Abuse, or other Excesses and Indis-
cretion.?, They rjuichlij and. surety
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a man for r.t nd 7, business or marriage.
> Prevent Inscniiy and Consumption if
taken in time. Their shows iinmen'Pto lmprcviv
menl and effects n CTJP.E where all other fail In-
sist npor. having the genuine Ajax Tnhleto. They
harp cared thousands en 1 1 1 cure yoc. Wo give tipoz-
itive wri guarantee toelxscta core Cf) OT2 in
each case or refund the money. Price V I Wiper
packaca; or six pieces (full treatment) for &150. By
mail, ia plain wrapper, noon receipt of price, Circular
freB AJAX REMEDY CO., »»*"«■*
For sale in San Francisco by Leipnitz & Co., 250
Sutter street, and No-Percentage Pnarmacv. »53
Market street.
RAILROAD TBAVEL. "~
saFfrancisco and north pacihc
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:SO, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, «»:30
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA_* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
11:45. 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
6:00. 6:25 p.. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
•ame schedule as above.
Leave T o *r<w.» Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 34, San Franc 'sco-
Week) Sun- rw»»t^tlon Sun- ) Week
Days, daya, Destination dayB [ daya^
7:30 a.m. !S:oO.i.m. Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
3:30 p.m. :30a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
5:10 p.m. )s:tiQp.ni. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. I 6:rip.m.
Fulton. ~~~"
7:30 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburgr,
- Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. I Clovordale. 7:35 p.m. | 6:22 p.m.
j lUopland and;
7:SOa.m.lS:oOa.m.| Ukiah. | 7:30 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. ] 10:25 a.m.
8 :00 a.m. Guerneville. i 7:30 p.m.
3:30 p.m. I |__ 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 3 :00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. S:4oa.rn.
and
6:10 p.m. 6:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. !B:ooa.m.] c^w--,™,^, |10:40a.m.|10:25a.m.
3:30p.m.|5:00p.m.| bebaatcpoL | 7:BSp.m.{ 7:J2p.rn.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at 11 upland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Soda Bay
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vlc.hy tiii ings, Saratoga &►>: inrj=s. Blue Lakes
Laurel Dell I^kc. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s Buck-
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
rell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Booneville
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usa!.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday* round-trip tickets , to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
building.
. A.W. FOSTER. V • R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will run aa
follows:
Southbound. ""Northbound"
Passen- I Mixed statlona Mixed j Passed
■wr Sunday *>»"°n3. Sunday I ger
Dally. 1 Exc'p'td — j Exe'p'td j Daily.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 540 m.
9:10 a.m.. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:s;jp.nt
10:40 a.m. 3:oO p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:30 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:31 p.m. Hanford a:, a.m. 1:15 {mo.
U:lop.m. | 6:45p.m.l Visalla 6:40 a.m. 12:40 <> m.
Stopping at Intermediate points when required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving Sun Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs. Coulterville etc •
also with stage from Hornito*. : Marlposa,' etc •
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera." '
dera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. I
Via 6ausalito Ferry. ,
From San Francisco. Commencing September
r ?f - MIU Vall $y San nlVael-»T:J3, •9:so.
For Mill Valley and San Uafael— 1-.T5, •g-jo !
11:30 a. m.; »I :4a. 3:45, «3:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m '
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
r nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m
SL'NDAYS
F 2, r , S^" 1 Valle >' an J Baa Rafael-»S:00. nOOO
•11:30 a. m.; nilS. 3:00. M:3O. 6:15 p. m. ' '
Train. marked » run to San Quentin. v
THROUGH TRAINS.
I: ««5" °V week <lays for Cazadero and way eta-
n?,n'. ; . n u,?i m ' Saturdays (mixed train) for
aw* 11 -. ¥ iU %> and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
fcuwiayr tax Point Reyes and way •taUoaa. I
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
NOITHi:RN l-A*:it"lC COMPAST.
(i-Acini: xiKtma.)
Tiitlu* I^nve »ml >«!«• il.n- to iirrUe »l
NAN ruA.\<:i!s«:«>.
' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LEAVE — FltOM JAKUA RY 1. liX — ARRIVK
*6:OOa Ni!, San Joac ai d Way SUtions... *&4«A
7:00.\. Kenicia, Suisun nnd Sacramento. . . . 10:45.\
7 :OOa MarysTille, Orovilleaud Redding via
. Woodland 5:45p "
7:0Oa Vacaville ami Uumsey B:4Sp
7:30 a Martinez, SauUamon,Vallejc. Xapa, -
i Calistoga. anil Santa Rosa 6:15p
SrOOA AUaiiUc Express, Ugdeu and Kn.it.. Bt43p
B:'4Oa Miles, Sail .lost-. (Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MTarysTiiie, CUico,
Tehama and Ifc<l I.IulT 4:I5»
•8:30 a Peters, Hilton ami Oakdalc »7:1
»:«M>\ New Orleans KilHrecs, .Merced. Ray-
mond, l''resn«, I!aker3li«l'l. Santa
l!:irinira, libs Angeles, Demiiift,
El Paso, New Orleans and East. 6i45f
9:O«a VaßrJo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 18:1
•!:OOr Sacramento River Rtesuiers ♦!l:«Op
l:«Oi- Nil??, &m Jrs.-ard Way Stations... J!»:l.">.v
l::iOi Martirez and Way Stations 7:45p
2:OOp Livurmore, Mendota, . Uanford aud
Vi-alia 4:13p
Liverniore, San Jcs?, Kites and Way
Stations Jl«=lsa.
4:O»r Mnrtiiicz, San . Ramon, Vnllejo,
Kajio, Ualiatnga, JU Verauu and
Santa Itnsa U:l3a.
4:»Op Benicia, Vacavilie, Woodland,
. . Knights Laixlin;;. Marysville, Oiu-
Tillt; mml ttecnuaieiita H>:4."»a
4i3Op Niles, San Jose, Trncy and Stockton .. 7:15?
4:30r Latlirop, Mcdesto, Mooed, Bcrcsda,
Fresno, JMcjive (tor liar..lsburg),
Santa i:,iili.na and I .on Angeles.. 7:43 A.
4>X«p Santa l-'o Koiitc, Atlaulio Impress
for Mojavo Mid Kurt 6:45p
«13530p " Sunset Limited." Urn Angeles, El ,' % :
Paso, Fort Worth, Little ltock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10:15 a.
*T.l:3mp " Suriset Limited Annex," El Paso. .
New Or! km and Ea5t ............ §I0:I3a.
C:OOr i:nr<>[)f:Hi Mail, <)g.leii and Hast 9:45 a.
Oi««i- llaywiinlM, Nitujiuul Han .lose 7:4r»A
JS:«Or V.allcjo i7:43p
SiOOrOroßoii Xx (tress, Burr:inieulu, Mary*-
vlllo. IJc.l.linj;. l'oitlan.2. I'ngut
5,..,,,,1.-.n.l i::il. 8:13 a.
r515 LEAJUJUU A..» IIAVUAUI>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
t»«:OOA^) ' " f tTiSa
8:OOa Mclroso. Seminary Turk, t«O:4SA.
0:OO\ .... r?_. , . ' 10:45 a
lO.OOa JiWibursr, I-.lnuiurst, IIt4SA
U1:OOa - San Lramlro, South San 12:13 p.
:1 . . : .°?" I.«ndro. lMudillo, {\l\^
ib':6b'p Lorenzo, Cherry ■! <4:45p
4:UOp ', (5:43p
5:OOp a H(I 6:1.
5:SOp Hsywanls. 7:43p
7:« Op ' S:43p
S : JJJ* P i rr ' unB through to Niles. , it: P '
.x. ! . >:O ? P tFromNilcsT lO:sOp-
ttll^JP^ ttromJN " cs - { l2;(M)p
COAST lUVInIO.N (Harrow Usage).
, (Foot of Market Street.!
11:15 a Ne\vaik,OentcivilK;,Sa!i.li)Sß,Felton,
I >uul< lt 1 v Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way
Stations BiS«p
•a:ssp Newark, Oenter»ill», San .line, Now
Aliuailcn, Faiton, J'oulilur Creek,
Snnta Cruz 11ml Principal Way
Stations...... ..: "10:30 a,
4:13 p Newark, Sun .lose ami Los Gatos ... U:SOa .
t11:45p Hunters' Escursion. San Jose and
Way Stations j7:gop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:00\.M. }l:flO *2:00 (3:09
•4:00 ■ t5:00 •6:00r.M.
from OAKLAND— of Broad way.— "C:oo 8:00 30:00 a.m.
tl2:00 *1:00 |2tCO -3:03 tl:00 *S:O3r.M.
COAST VISION (Broad tJauge). "
(Third and Townsend St 3.) ■
6:53 a .San Jose ami Way Stations (.New
Alniaden Wednesdays only) O:5Sa
9:OOa San .lose, Xc«a I'iuos, Santa Crux,
Pueilic iSrovo. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Oljlnpii. Ciuadaiuite, .Surf and
Principal Way SUiliuns 4:13p
HI:I«a San .lose :imi Way Htiilimia *N:OO\
11:30 a San Jnse an.l Way Stations 8:35 a
•a:»Oi- San Matco, Redwood, Jluulo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Ciln.y,
Uollister, Biuita Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ninl l'acilic tir0v0...... MOj-SOa
•3:15r San Jose aud Principal Way Stutions *»:OOa
•4:l.ip San Joseaml Principal Way MtaiknM 9:45 a
•5»oop San Jose and Principal V.'ay Stations 1 ::tOr
S:3or San Jose ami Principal Way .Stations 5:30r
6::>or San Jose and Wny Stations.... 7:-<>p
t11:45r San .lost- 11 n. 1 Way Stations 7:« Op
A for Morning. 1' lor Afternoon.
• Suud.ivs excepted. 1 Sundays only, 1 Saturdays ouly. r
i\ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
IT Mondays and Thursdays. • •
_. { Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
iPIPPIpI CALIFORNIA
|gfflnm|| LIMITED.
Ssp" !^^Sl%J^S^lSul SAN FRANCISCO
w^A^fi^nKt^ l^! rnAi<ljlobU
IjlfhVAjiaS&Sll CHICAGO.
[i 1 I ii.n.!— jii liillll .3 . UnlL'AbUi :
■ Trains leave from and arrive at ■ Mas ket-
Btreet Ferry.
San Francisco Ticket Office— Market st..
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak-
land Office— lllS Broadway. Sacramento Of-
fice— 201 J Bt.
r The Best Railway— San Francisco to ChicaTo.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITEDi
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive ' Kansas. City 6.xi p. m
Thursdays and Sundays; arrive St. Louis 7:00
a. in. Fridays and Mondays; arrive Chicago
9:43 a. in.. Fridays and Mondays.
DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet Smoking Cars and Pullman Palaca
j Sleeping Cars.
This train carries First-Class Passengers
only, but no extra charge is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRESS, leaving dally at
4:30 p. m., carries Pullman Palace and Pull-
I man Tourist Sleeping Cirs on fast time. Di-
rect connection In Chicago and Kansas ; City
! for all points East. .
New rails, new , ties, new ballast, new
bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert
and a country that Interests by its varied and
, beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
1 ■enger equipment and meals at Harvey* fa-
i mous dining-rooms. - .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
. .i '"- - T . (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
1 Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
j .WEEK DAYS— m.; 1:45 p 'm.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:15 p- m : -
Special trips can be arranged- fo' by ai>i>lvin«
: to THOB. COOK & SON. 621 Market st SaJ
I yranclaaa, or talenionins Tavern oX Tamalpai*
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced.
Wheat higher. Barley firm.
Oats advanced. Corn unchanged.
Flour a3 usual.
Hay firm. Bran advanced 60c. , '
Beans firm, but quiet.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Green Peas still glut the market.
Butter off again. Cheese and Eggs weak.
Poultry rather easier. Game firm.
Apples and Oranges in good supply.
Better demand for Dried Fruit.
No change in Provisions.
Wool and Hides firm. Hops dull.
Hogs getting rather scarce.
THE WOOL TRADE.
A HEAVY BUSINESS IN ISO 7 AND FLAT
TERING PROSPECTS FOR 1898.
From the exhaustive annual review of Thom
as Denlgan, Son & Co. the following interest
ing facts are taken:
"The local July market was a very active
one, made more so by reports arriving about ;
this time from Australia, indicating large :
losses in sheep, approximately estimated at
25.00C.0C0 ■ ad. These losses have been con
firmed since that time, and to-day it is under
stood that there will be a shortage of the next
Australian clip amounting to 75.000.000 or 100,
000,000 pounds of wool. On the 19th of July the
tariff bill was sent to the House by the Sen
ate and promptly passed. It was returned to
the Senate on the 20th, and on the 23d it be
came a law. A feeling of relief was manifested
all over the country, especially among the wool
trade, and business of all kinds and descrip
tions assumed a better phase at once. This
was bo manifest in wool, that scoured stock
in San Francisco was uotable on Angus: 1,
1897, at 35 to 40 cents for XXX. To-day the
quotation for it would be 46 to 48 cents, while
on the same date in 1896 the market value of
this stock was 28 to 30 cents.
All through November and at the present
writing our San Francisco market has been
dull. The stocks held here are not unusually
large and there is no pressure to make sales.
Holders consider that they have good property
and that it cannot be replaced at similar or
lower prices in 189 S. therefore, there is a strong
tone to the markets both East and here. At
the last I/ondon sales, opening the 25th of No
vember prices were strong and buying brit-k on
all choice offerings, which gave our operators
in domestic wool much confidence in the future
outlook. The Boston wool market at the close
of the year is considered to be in a very strong
condition, and the belie: exists there that early
In the coming year we shall have a renewed
and very large demand for good wools, and
there is no reason to believe that prices will
be lower. For the past couple of weeks there
has been increased business at that end, and
ail the late advices from there reaching Cali
fornia point to a stronger market for IS9S than
any we have had during this nrosotit year.
"The local wool market for August and Sep
tember was equal to any we have ever had.
Scourers commenced to get some orders and all
kinds of wool found buyers at full market val
ue. By the Ist of September increased orders
for scoured wool had been received. Advices
from Eastern seaboard points wore of the most
flattering character, which induced dealers to
make frantic efforts to secure all the choicest
wools of the country. To do this they had
their agents in every wool-growing district of
the State, and as a result prices ruled ex
tremely high. The Eastern market got a big
move on again. Prices commenced to rise at
that end and a strong trade developed, espe
cially for choice Northern wools, of which con
siderable stock had accumulated during the
dullness. Shippers paid as high as 16 to «g
cents for all the Humboldt and Mendocino
Spring they could find—.", to ( cents a pound
more than 1596 prices for similar stock. Since
early September •' market has been more
uniform. There has been no inclination to fur
ther excitement, and market since then has
been steady at well-sustaine-1 prices. '
THE WEEK'S FAILURES. '
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 17
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday as com
pared with 9 for the previous week, and IS for
the corresponding week of 1557. The failures
for the past week are divided among the trades
as follows: Two grocers, 2 bazaars, 2 jewelry.
1 electrical supplies, l laundry. 1 draying. etc..
1 dairy, 1 stationery, 1 butcher. 1 'hats and
caps, 1 plumber, 1 drugs, 1 cigars, 1 livery
•stable.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
In 1597 were as follows, compared with 1896:
"Wine. 12.350,700 gallons, against 13, 700'
Brandy, 233,200 gallons, against 201,300.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hundredth* during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The wind "high" mean? high
barometic pressure and is usually accompanied
with fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rain». "Lows" ' usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south alone; the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, ana the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will j produce an
opposite result.
THE WEATHER BUREAU.
a2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 7, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations. 21 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0 .... 22 51
Red Bluff 0 6.22 11.46
Sacramento 0 4.62 6 43
San Francisco 0 4.39 11.10
Fresno 0.15 2.15 4.11
San Luis Obispo 0.12 1.78 7.74
Los Angeles 0.12 2.68 6 II
San Diego 0.02 1.77 4 26
Yuma ' 0 0.89 1.98
Pan Francisco temperature— Maximum, i~;
minimum, 46; mean. i.'. •
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
' FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure lies over - Nevada;
Utah and Southern Idaho. During the past
twenty-four hours there has been a rapid rise
In pressure over the greater portion of the
Pacific Slope. .
The temperature has fallen in .the San Joa
quln valley and throughout Nevada and Utah.
Pain has fallen over Washington, Utah and
Bouthem California.
lthe following maximum wind velocities are
aaported: Tatoosh, ■30 miles from the south
west;, Fort < "anby, 38 south; Idaho Falls, 28
■outh.
Forecasts made' at San Francisco for thirty
feeurs ending midnight, Jan. 8: ' i
Porthern California— Fair Saturday;, warmer
In San Joaquln valley; light northerly winds.
- Qnuthern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
northerly winds. . .
JsUvfula — Fair Saturday; continued cold
Wfather.
Utah— Fair Saturday;, continued cold weather.
Arizona— Showers Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
frcßh northerly winds. - .-. . '-..:, ■. .
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at i p. m.— Clear; wind north 24 miles; tem
perature, 42; maximum, 46. .
. ALEXANDER MoADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YOl^,' Jan. — The market for stocks
to-day -i* -,-^t differ materially from that of
yesterday. The aggressive bull mood of the
speculative world continued in full force and
all the large professional operators* were buy
ers of stock. There was also continued ab
sorption of bonds of all description. The pres
sure for reinvestment of funds which had
been released by the January dividend and In
terest payments was very obvious. There was
also a marked weakening of the rates for
money, notwithstanding the lively awakening
of speculation. Efforts were made by the
banks and money lenders to keep the rate for
money an high as 3 per cent." Loans were in
fact placid at 3 : i per cent, but the rate sagged
off to 2 per cent and the last loan of the day
only commanded I-? per cent. Owners of money
were also lively bidders for commercial paper.
This served the stimulate the speculative fom»
which seems to have broken out. London was
quite a large buyer in this market of several
of th» International stocks, notably Union Pa
cific and L. & N.
Some of the leading railroad stocks show
small net losses, bat this tendency was most
ly pronounced In the recently active stocks
of local corporations. The realizing of the last
hour, invited by the day's notable rise, affect
ed the specialties most, but its effect was quite
marked throughout the list, reducing the day's
net gain quite sharply in some cases. Net gains
outside the coalers' and a few specialties extend
all the way from a fraction to over a point.
The abundant replenishment of the local money
market had led to talk of surrender by the
New York banks of the Government's depos
its now in their vaults on account of the Union
Pacific payment. .- . •
The bond market continued active to-day and
a large number of issues show gains of over
1 per cent- Total sales. $4,550,000.
United States old 4s registered were % higher
bid and the new 4s were '« higher.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 448,900
shares, including: Atchison preferred. 7000: C.
& 0., 6665; Burlington, 34,873: Erie first, prefer
red. 34*:.: L. & N.. 8999; Manhattan, 35,363:
Metropolitan Street Railway. 3545; Reading
first, preferred, 6300; Missouri Pacific. 13.455:
New York S. & W., preferred, 6900: New York
Central, 25.443; N. P. preferred, 8533: Ontario
12. "SO; St. Paul, 25,515; Southern. preferred,
3925; Union Pacific. 24,740; American Tobacco,
15.930: Chicago Great Western, 7555: People's
Gas. 8290; General Electric. 13,535; Pacific. Mall,
1920; Sugar, 35,325; Western Union, 23,799.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were active and generally buoy
ant to-day, with many features. China and
Japan stocks were very strong. Nothing is
settled as to the China loan, but It is certain
that the negotiations are on the line cabled
you yesterday. Grand Trunks and Canadian
Pacifies were booming, but the closing was
much under the best, dealers usually acting
for Montreal being credited with having sold
freely.
Americans were distinctly good. A feature
was the further sharp rise in New York Cen
trals on the funding scbeme. Berlin again
bought Americans and dealings here increased,
but at present they are entirely professional.
The close was ai the best. New York absorb
ing stocks. Spanish and other international
nocks were strong on Paris buying. Copper
shares were also strong. Mines were good
early, but closed easier. The Rand output of
Gold for December is expected to be a record
Mexican Railways were booming on a re
newal of the talk that the Government may
agree to a sliding scale of freights, varying
with the price of silver. 1 have gt>od reason
•\e that this is not so, the Govern
ment only agreeing to a revised classification
of rates.
A West Australian 3 per cent loan Is an
nounced at 9.".. I am privately informed that
a further million in Sold Is going from here
to Argentina within a month, while half a.
million more will probably go from the Rank
of France. Indeed, some was taken from there
to-day. The movement is an exchange opera
tion based on the import of Wheat.
December trade returns show a decrease in
exports of a million and a decrease in im
ports of £2.250.000. The movements In both
instances are being largely connected with the
result of the engineering strike and the new
American tariff. Fcr the entire year the im
ports Increased £9,000.000 and exports decreased
£5.750.000.
The Paris and Berlin markets were firm and
active.
closin<; stocks.
Atchison ISH|St P ft Om 77
Do pref 31Vm Do pref US
Bait & Ohio .... 14 St P M & M.... 121
Can Pac S3 ISo Pacific 20Vj
Can Southern ... 53^i)So Railway 9>4
Cent Pac 11*4 Do pref 32»4
Ches & Ohio .... 22%! Tex & Par 11 «*
Chi & Alton 164' ii Union Pac 2i%
c b & Q lOHg'U P D & G 8
Chi & E 111 Wabash 74
C C <• & St L.... 3.-.' 8 Do prof 18^
Do prof SO Wheel & L E 2' s
Del & Hud........ 112 V Do pref •£
Del L & W lS4li Express Companies-
Den & R G Adams Ex M I
Do pref 46% | American Ex ... 116
Erie (new) lfi^j ! United States ... 41
Do Ist pref 39 i Wells Fargo .... 112
Ft Wayne 168% Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor nref 130 A Cot Oil 22--1
Hocking Val "* Do pref 76
Illinois Cent W,t, I Amn Spirits ... Si
Lake Erie & W.. lGSt j Do tiref ISVi
I'" pref ;.. 72 Am Tobacco 91^
Lake Shore 175U Do pref 116
Louis & Nash .. 56% People's Gas .... K%
Manhattan L 113^|Cona Gas 179
Met St Ry 132?1C0m Cab Co .... 178
Mich Cent 102 "|Col F & 1r0n.... 2.',%
Minn & St L.... 25^1 Do pref 75
Do Ist pref 85 IGen Elec 3*5,
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel .... •;•
Mob A: Ohio 30 Lfulede Gas 45'-i
Mo K& T 12% Lead 37%
Do prer 38 : Do pref 107
Chi Ind ft St L.. 8»i Nat Lin Oil 17^4
Do pref .. .. 30 Or Imp Co 1&4
N J Cent Pacific Mail 31' i
N T Cent .'. 110% Pullman Pal 173<i
N V Chi ft St L.. OH -Silver Cert C7>4
Do Ist pref .... 65 jStan R & T Hi
Do 11. 1 pref 3fi (Sugar 144%
Nor \.est luV4 '■ Do pref 115
No Pacific 21% T C & Iron 26%
Do prr-f (0% C S Leather 7
Ontario & W 16%; Do pref 641;
Oo R & Nay 37 lU S Rubber 16
Or, Short Line 20%: Do pref 63»i
Pittsburg 168 V.-st Union ... S2-%
Reading .-. 23 C & M W 122 8 i
Do Ist pref 52*4 Do pref IMS
Rock Island 91%' St L & 8 W 4 "
St L& R F 76; Do pref <"-,
Do Ist pref .... 57 V R G W 22
Do M pref .... 27 1 . Do pref fiOU
St Paul 9fi Chi G W 15%
Do pref 143"; Haw Com Co .... 2ST4
CLOSING BONDS.
r S new 4s reg.. 129 |N Carolina 6s ... US
Do coup 129 ; Do 4s W3Vi
D S 4s 112*; No Pac Ists .... 112»«
Do coop m Do is .-. 1 1 . ,
Do Ida 9914 Do 4s 96%
U 8 us reg 114% NYC* St L 4s. MTU
Do la coup 114% [Nor & W 6s 123
Dist 3 6T.s lit Nortnwestrn con. 144'^
Ala class A 109 Do deb os .. . im»
Do B 107 (i Nay Ists 113
l'o <" 100 O Nay is 94U
Do currency ... 100 OS Line 6s tr l'4U
Atckimon 48 90% (i S 1 Line 5s tr..' 9714
] Do adj 4s ES O Imp ists tr 103'
Can So 2ds lOS'i Do 5S5 S tr w.i
; Chi Term KM Paw 6s of 93 10311
C & Ohio 6a 114* Reading 4s gut
C H &'.D 4H*.... 108% I R G W lsts 82% !
d & r g Ists.... 108U St L ft I M c fa. SS^i
D & RG 4s 89-4 8L& SF G 65.. 117 i
East T»nn Ists... 109 St P Con .... 139
Erie Gen 4s .... 71% StPC&P Ists. 119 V*
F \V & D Ists tr. 71 Do 6s .... 116
Gen Elec 5s ...... 100% 8 Carolina non-f. . 14
GH& S A 65.... 105 So Ry r,s .. P2^
Do 2ds 100 {Stan R & T 65.. 694
H & T C Ea 1091J T»nn new set 3s. Mi
Do con 6s 105 T P L G lsts.... '•'.',
lowa C Ists WV4 Do reg 2di« .... 29*;
Kan P Con tr.... 87^1 Union Pac Ists .. 103
X P Ist D tr.... 110 |UPD*O Ists.. 50%
La new cons 45.. 85J4 Wab Ist 5s ... 10SV»
Missouri fis 100 i,,, 2da g^VJ
M X & T 2d5....i K4 W Shore 4s ....'! lOSW
Do 4s v."» Va Centuries .... 6S'i
N V Cent Ists.... 116 Do deferrred . 311
X ! J C Ji IIP, . ?
y. ; / MINING STOCKS.
Chollar Ml Ontario 250
Crown Point 24 Ophir „ .55
Con Cal &Va . 115 Plymouth .......'. 0*
Deadwood 1 10 Quicksilver ... 1 00
Gould & Curry.. 33 Do pref 900
Hate ft Norcross. 1 Sierra Nev 60
Homestake 37 00 1 Standard '. 14(1
Iron Sliver 3» I Union Con ....... "-,
Mexican 18! Yellow Jacket... 30
boston""
BOSTON, Jan. ".— Atchison. 13V»: Bell Tel<^
j phone, 266; Burlington, 101; Mexican Central.
Sri- __^__
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15, 266 barrels; exports, 34,759. Fairly active
and firmer. City mill, clear, $5 30(g5 43; Min
nesota patent, $5 l'-i.', 53..
WHEAT— Receipts. 85.100 etls; exports. 143.
| 535. Spot market, strong;;" No. 2 red, fi 01%
! Options firmer on cables; were active all day
on a brisk Inquiry for cash Wheat from both
! millers and exporters, , heavy clearances and a
cold weather scare, closing: %@l%c net higher.
No. 2 red January. 97%@59e, closed W)e llav
S2?ifff93 9-lSc. closed 63Hc ' a>>
HOl'S— Steady.. -
WOOL— Wulc-t.
PlGlßON— Warrants dull at $6 60 bid (8 16 70
asked. ■ ■ . . w »~ iv
. LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $10 90 bid © in
asked. • ' . • . ** *
TlN— Quiet but. firm at 113 75 bid 0 $13 85
asked. ; .•
| SPELTER— at $3 90 bid ® $4
asked. - - .-...■. • . ,
• LEAD— S3 65 bid @ $3 70 asked. The firm
1 that fixes the nettling price lor miner* - and
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898.
smelters calls the Lead market firm at $3 55.
PETROLEUM— Dull.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
5 points lower to 5 points net advance. Sales,
17,600 bags. Including January. J." 55<g5 60;
March, $."> 73@3 SO. ,Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 in
voice, . 6%c; Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet; Cor
dova, B^l lsc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, 3«ic;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 373? packages.
Creamery. 15@22c; Elgin*, 22c, factory. 12@
16c
KGGS— Receipts. 5350 doz. Quiet; State and
Pennsylvania, 21<£24c; Western. 20@22c.
DRIED FRUITS. '
NEW YORK. Jan. ■ 7.— California Dried
Fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. s®7c:
prime wire tray, R^c; wood-dried, prime, BVi@
8 1 ,4 c: choice, B'.4@B%ic; fancy, 9@y»c
PRUNES-*^
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 7@B>4c; Moorpark, S^llc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7@loc; peeled. 12&20 c.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7.— Wheat opened a shade
under yesterday's closing price, but soon re
covered. For an hour the direction of prices
was steadily but cautlonsly upward. From OOVic.
at the start May had risen by 10:30 o'clock to
91»ic bid. The early slight declining was due
in part to reports of rain in California, where
yesterday it was said wheat prospects were
being injured by drought. An advance at Liv
erpool of tad was not quite satisfactory after
a decline there of l%d. Paris likewise quoted
prices of wheat 35 centimes lower for near
and 20 centimes lower for more, remote deliv
eries. The trade was not heavy or otherwise
remarkable during the first hour, except for the
gradual acquirement of strength. The strength
came from various sources. Duluth cash
wheat was reported to be lHc per bushel high
er within ten minutes after the opening than
it closed last night. Atlantic and Gulf port
clearances aggregated 960,000 bushels, and by
11:30. o'clock May had advanced to 91Hc. The
Liverpool market closed at from V- to \d
advance on the previous day's closing price.
May sold at 91% cat the close, the high point
of the day.
The market for com was firm and fairly ac
tlce. May closed He higher.
Oats were strong and higher. May closed
Vi'oHc higher.
Provisions, though not especially active, were
strong. At the close May pork was 12Hc high
j er; May lard. 5c higher, and May ribs, 74c
higher.
; The leading futures ranged as follows:
Wheat No. 2—
anuary
■lay '....
uly
Corn Xo. 2—2 —
'anuary
.lay ..'
uly
Oats No. 2—
'anuary
Jay
Mesa pork, per bbl—
January
ilay I
Lard, per 100 lbs— I
January L
Jay ;
Short ribs, per 100 lbs.
'anuary
tlay
Open. High. I Low. Close
S9*;i 92 ! 89* 92
90V. 91"i • 90H 91%
si i 2 82-% nil 82*6
26%| .■-.' 24% 16%
29>4 29Vi 29>* 294
30K 30^, MM »\J
I i I
21', 22 21V 21%
23% M j 23% 23-,
»15 9 2.", Ml 5 925
920 9 37>4 19 20 935
4 ::■-; » ::■■■. 4 72% 4 774
ISO :4 S7Vj 430 ,4 S7' 2
4 M 455 -4 50 14 55
4oh 4 72- 460 470
,
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
steadier; No. 2 spring wheat, t7OMc; No. 3
spring wheat. M"n <•"<• : Ho I red '•'■■ No I
corn, 2iW<; 27 V. No. 2 oats. 22 7 , c;' No. J white
f. o. b. 23V}024c: No. 2 rye, -i:..-. No 2 barley
f. o. b.. ISBSSc; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 W-yiil H;
prime timothy seed, $2 67.,; mess p. >rk per
bbl., $9 X; lard, per 100 lbs.. $4 77 1 -: short ribs
sides (loose), J4 4f>'ff4 70: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), MMXc; short clear sides i boxed). J4 75
94 <->; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gal.. $1 IS.
I Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
; Flour, bbls 12,000 22 0"0
Wheat, bu 29.000 t>,ooo
I Corn, bu 491.000 11.1.000
Oats, bu 363.000 . 331.000
. Rye. bu 8,001) 1,000
Barley, bu 42,000 11 COO
I On the Pro.luce Exchange to-day the butter
! market was steady; creameries, 15'gf21e; dairies,
!-■;>(■. cheesa, quiet, S@S^qV rggs, steady;
fresh, 22c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipmts.
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 214.560 25.500
luth , 67.539 25.111
Milwaukee 17,350 650
Chicago 25.906 6 020
Toledo 11.982 2,00.1
St Louis 29.000 31.000
Detroit 3 419 i.:,:; 2
i Kansas City 22,500 26>»
Totals 395.51S 127.513
Tidewater —
Boston 29,450 33.912
New York 85,0iy) 143.535
Philadelphia 23.233 5.755
Baltimore 49,975 24,500
, New Orleans
Totals ;....157.C08 213.232
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 23 58 80
Closing 60 40 59 10
Flour-
Opening 2? 55 27 90
Closing 28 60 2S 00
PARIS FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 73 71 6 lO'/i
Closing 7 3 71 6 10', 4 6 -H
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7.— CATTLE-^ile? were at
$3 55"&4 23 for the commonest dressed beef
steers up to U 7505 73 for export cattle, and a
limited number of strictly choice to extra
beeves Went for $5 30. Late sales were largely
at $4 4'i'ar. 15. Stockers and feeders $3 ."■'"•'! 4 15.
the best feeders bringing }4 30. Canners sold
at $2(g2 75. Calves sold at $6g6 75 for the best
grades.
HOGS — The extreme range of prices was $3 X
©3 65. with hogs selling chiefly at $3 5063 87%.
and pigs largely at $3 35«T3 50. Some prime
I hogs weighing from 260 to 2SO pounds were
• bought to ship to Boston at $3 63.
SHEEP— SoId at an extreme range of $2 75
©4 85. but no late sales were made above $4 60,
and $4 65 was usually an outside price. West
ern fed sheep sold mostly at $3 7".^ 4 40 for fair
to choice. Export she» were very dull at $4 10
04 25. Lambs were active at $41ri5 90 for In
ferior to extra, few going below $5 or higher
than $5 75. feeders bought lambs at $oGS la
, and yearling* void at $4 ,V&4 M.
Receipts— 4000; hogs. 32.000, sheer. BOUO.
DENVER.
DENVER. Jan. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 343:
market steady to firm; good demand on all
grades: bee" Ft.frs, $3 2504; cows tfood hay
fed, $3 2" >h 3 56; bulls end stags. $1 75«2 40
feeder*. $3 2:©4; stackers. $3(54 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 10 J: nmrKi-t easy and Ec
kwer; good light packers. ii 33f?-3 40; heavy
$3 30^3 374; mixed, »3 35®3 40; bulk of sal
S3 :{"..
SHEEP— Receipts. 1078: market firm, with
good demand for fat muttons: fair to choice
natives. $3 25<54 50: commor at-d stock Bh-Tu.
$S©J E0: lambs, $4 0i ■.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
(official), 6000; stockers and feeders. strong to
10c higher; medium cattle slow; choice, active;
cows and heifers were steady: Texas steers'
$3 2. r .fJ4 50: Texas cow*. $2 23®3 25: native
steers. $3 7504 90: bulk, $4 M£4 73; native cows
and heifers. tttU 23; stockers ana feeders, 13
©5: bulls. $2 toes 50. r *
HOGS— Receipts (offlciaH. l7.ooo; bulk of sales
$3 3.1^3 60; heavies, $3 30@3 55r packers and
mixed. «3 35W3 r,2' ? : lights, f? 9001 45; yorkers
S3 40#3 45; pigs. Mm 25. . - :
SHEEP— Receipts (official). 3100: supply
light; demand active for muttons and fe<-Up
values steady to strong; lambs, S4 00@5 60
muttons. $3 75@4 50. . '
OMAHA. •
OMAHA. Jan. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1200
steady; native beef steers, $3 So@4 80; Western
steers, $3 7504 40; Texas steers. $3<93 60; cows
and heifers, $3®3 SO: stockers and feeder?. S3 60
©4 M): bulls and stags, $2 25<53 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 6200; market stronger
heavy. *.': 3'>©3 45: mixed. $3 35®3 40: light $3-15
m 60: lir.ik of sales, $3 2563 40. '
SHEEP— Receipts. 1100: market steady: fair
to choice natives. $3 7504 45; fair to chiice
Westerns. $3 60@4 25; common and stock sheen
$3®3 SO; lambs. $4«f5 50. '
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. -More • favorable
cables from Europe to-day Infused some life
Into the local wheat market and exporters
were on .fng 73574 c for Walla Walla, with the
mills In the Interior paying 7>. As usual the
first statement of a rise checked business
again and the offerings were very light
C1 * red: l i rlt L' <h , steamer Teenkai St Vin
cent, 20^,925 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 7.— Wheat. No. 1 club, 73c-
No. 1 bluestem, 76c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. Exchanges, 1457
153; balances. {57,205. '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 7.— Consols, 112 15-16; silver
26 7-lSd; French rentes, 103f 274 c
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 7.— Wheat, quiet • No 1
Standard California, 36s »d: cargoes off coast
nothing doing; cargoes on passage steadier-
English country markets, auiet; French coun'
try markets, dull: Liverpool wheat No 1 «'*ii
fornia. 8s ld®Ss l>,d, wheat In Paris, firm :
11 " ln Enßland ' flne -
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed, firm in 2UA-
J^Sd 7 ' Qulet> 3s 2 * d: February, "quiet,"
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 9s 3d.
D^IJN'S REVIEW of trade.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— R. G. Dun & Co's
Weekly Review of Trade will say In Its Issue
to-morrow: In failures 1*97 was not only. the
best year since 1592. but on the whole the best
ever definitely known. With . 13.512 failures. In
t jjuraber ILS per cent leas j than . 1596, and V<t2.
5M.771 defaulted liabilities, 34.0 per cent less
than in 1896. the year's banking failures
counted for $28,249,710, and the commercial fail
ures were but 13.3:,1, with liabilities of n*4,
332.071, the average per failure being only $11,
059. the lowest ever known except in \*:<2. But.
even In that year, the failures during the last
half averaged liabilities of $10,447 per failure,
while In the last half of 1897 the average was
j only $9593. The returns by branches of busi
j ness show that in 15 out of 28 classes the fail
ures were lower than In any previous year of
which there Is record, with an especially large
decrease. In the great number of unclassified
manufacturing and trading failures. The new
year began with disappointment 'or speculators
In stocks and grain, which is not a bad sign.
Prices of stocks have gained a little, after
yielding at first, and close 73 cents per share
higher for railroads and $1 05 per share higher
for trusts.
Wheat declined l*i centp. owing to the ter
mination of the corner at Chicago, and rjorth
| western receipts were about double last year's.
| with Atlantic experts |,849,5t8 bushels, fiour
. Included, against 2.150.90S last year. A specu-
I latlve estimate makes the quantity still in
I iarmers' hands 40 per cent of the crop, which is
I quite possible, hut consumption and exports in
I half the year ought to take more than 40 per
cent of the year's wupply. Exports of corn for
the week fell below last "years, although West
ern receipts are unusually large, and the price
fell but «|,ofa cent.
Cotton manufacture Is a little encouraged by
larger demand for goods since the reduction In
! prices. But with the certainty that the print
I cloth Works are to continue, prices have fur
i ther declined to 2.12 cents.
The woolen and worsted mills are Wh buy
ing wool quite largely at prices probably close
to the best, for reports which declared there
were no concessions a month ago are now re
| Jolcing that recent raggedness in prices has
passed away. Behind all the market reports
there Is the fact that the consumption of wool
; has for about five months been the largest ever
, known, and the buying Indicate?, as does the
I demand for such heavy weight goods as has
| been opened, that a satlxf acton' half year Is
I expected. Prices so far raid are said to be
I from 20 to 30 per cent higher than a year ago,
with wool from B0 to 90 per cent higher, but
■ the buying Is thus far encouraged by unusual
j business for the season.
Iron manufacture Is encoumged by ail '«■>•»'
1 business for the season. Including a larve
j building contract made and others for b: .._ 4
j pending at Chicago, a sale of M.*M tons of pig
' to one pipe foundry- at the East and contracts
i for two vessels of .Wxi tons es>ca at Cramp's
i yards and contract* for 5500 tons hoop at New
! York, the MW for Mexico.
Prices are generally unchanged, though East
, frn works have advanced structural beams 5
i cents to 1.15. Pig is unchanged, with fairly
! large sales. Visible supplies of tin are 2r«.5:,5
tons, against 32.342 a year ago. with 13.7 cents
i quoted and with exports of in.3115 tons of cop
per In December and 123, 00n tons for the year.
Eleven cents Is now quoted for lake.
Failures for the week have been 322 In the
United States, against 471 last year, and in
Canada 32, against 62 last year.
RRADSTREET S REVIEW.
NKW YORK, Jan. 7.— Bradstreefs to-morrow
will say:
The year opens -with a tone of quiet confi
dence pervading in nearly all branches of busi
ness, with encouraging activity in the Iron
trade, a resumption of work by many thous-
a nds of Industrial employes in the Western
. glass Industry, a largely reduced volume of
business failures as compared with correspond
ing periods In preceding year? and a general
outlook certainly rot inferior to any previous
year at this time. Distributive trade has nat
urally been rather slow, pending stock taking
and the return of salesmen to the field. Indus
trial activity is a special feature, unconflned to
any one section, but specially notable in the
I West. Resumption of work after the holidays
has been generally encouraging in that sec
tion. Autumn weather In the Northwest checks
distribution, but collections are reported good.
Sales of Southern (ron are large.
Louisiana sugar crop return* have been very
satisfactory. Xlne-tenths of Florida's orange
I crop was gathered before the late freeze, and
| cotton is steady with a good export demand.
Wool has opened Dp actively In some Eastern
' markets and lower prices tor cotton goods has
stimulated some demand. Naturally enough
there was a slight gain in the number of fail
i ures reported this week over last, the total
aggregating 333, as against '.""7 last week., but
a heavy falling off from 1537, when the total
was 4*B. The total, In this week of ISS>6. was
446: In ISO".. 4<V>. and in IV4. 4M. thus showing
a falling off from this week in recent preceding
years of from one-quarter to one-third.
Dank failures In 1597 followed the general
tendency of business mortality In all other
lines of business. The reputation of the hank
ing community for conservatism, however, Is
borne out by the relatively heavier falling off
In the number of failures and the reduced vol-
u me of liabilities of banks and trust com
. panics, as compared with preceding years,
than in ordinary commercial circles.
The total number of failures of national.
State, savings and private banks and loan and
trust companies. In 1897 was 105, a little more
than half those of 1896 and less than one-fifth
those of the panic year. I*B3. Liabilities also
showed a heavy falling off, being 60 per cent
smaller than In lx% and 90 per cent smaller
than 1593. The number and liabilities, how
ever, were slightly larger than 1594. The per
centage of assets to liabilities In 1897 was only
.76. the smallest reported since Bradstreefs
record of bank suspensions was begun.
There were 18 business failures in the Domin
ion of Canada this week, against 22 last week
, and 65 In this week a year ago.
i The holidays have exercised their {Xpert
; trade In leading cereals. Wheat exports from
! the 'United States and Canada for the first
week In January amount to 3,481. bushels.
' against 5.496»0 bushels last week. 1,981.000
bushels In this week a year ago and 3.471.000
bushels In the corresponding week in 1596. Corn
exports show a slight diminution amounting to
4.056.000 bushels last week. 4.819.000 bushels in
this week a year ago and 2.626,000 bushels In
i the corresponding week of 1596. :
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— The following table,
compiled by marts! I ml. shows the bank clear-
Ings at eighty-seven cities for the week ended
January 6. with the percentage of Increase and ,
decrease as compared with the corresponding i
week last year: ~ : ~. c *'-'**
Inc. Dec.
New York ♦ SfiK.OSI.B47 2'».9 ....
Boston 113.445.001 0.08 ....
Chicago 10*. 488. 170 33.4
Philadelphia 77,024,6*8 1*.4 ....
St. Louis 31,094,165 11.5 i
Pittsburg 17.537,071 13.6 .... j
Baltimore 22.8:0,743 34.9 ....
Pan Francisco .... 214. 447 51. 7 ....
Cincinnati 13.343.250 12.7 ....
Kansas City 9,799.643 1.6
New Orleans 12.475,077 IS.O
Minneapolis 9.r<"<.233 41.8 I
Detroit 6,:.42.768 10.4 .... '
Cleveland 6.945.937 .... 6.4 !
Louisville 7,060. 0H .... 5.8 I
Providence 6,434,000 33.1 ....
Milwaukee 5,617,634 12.1 .... j
St. Paul 3.644,875 21.7 ....
ilufTr.lo .... 5.14M99 10. S ~>. ....
Omaha 5,112.720 26.4 ....
Indianapolis 4.524.21G 20.7
Columbus. 0 4.117.100 22.3
Savannah' 2.705.401 . 13.4
Denver 2.567.61S 19.6 ....
Hartford 4,120.923 .... 13.9 1
Richmond 3.632,023 25.0 .... j
Memphis 2.535.561 10.9 ....
Washington 1.M4.1M 4.7 ....
Peoria 1,955,413 ' 25.3 ....
Rochester 2.304,012 2.".. ....
New Haven 1.734,153 7.9 —
Worcester 1.526.735 10.9 .... ,
Atlanta.... 2,019,023 3.8
Salt Lake City.... 1.799.414 10.4 .'... ;
Springfield. Mass . 1,965,877 17.2 • ,
Fort Worth 1,671.076 . 16.7 ..;.
Portland. Me "1.749.012 10.8 ....
Portland. Or 2.161.721 58.5 ....
St. Joseph 1,810.212 34.0 ..:.
Los Angeles 1,617.100 21.8 ....
Norfolk .... 1.137.745 14.7
i Syracuse 1.331.74S 14.7 . ....
Dcs Moines ...... 1.249.260 13.7 ....
Nashville 1.531,89!) 16.8 ....
Wilmington. Del... 777.174 16.4
Fall River 836.847 ■ .... 20.9
Scranton 1.384,420 45.2 ....
Grand Rapids 5r>3.701 8.2
Augusta. Ga 892.460 .5.4
Lowell 853.712 27.1 ....
Dayton, 0 79!».9«2 15. 5 ....
Seattle 917,602 103.3 .... |
Tacoma 778.681 ....
Spokane 776,776 33.3 ....
Sioux City 672.04* 104.8
New Bedford .... (08,279 .... 48.1
Knoxvllle. Term .. 6^.100 10.4 ....
Topeka 423.235 12.6
Birmingham ....... 644.634 . 40.9 .... !
Wichita 433.!>55 6.'). j
Binghamton 3?5.'.t00 . 12.1
Lincoln 415,737 5.2 ....
Lexington, Ky 441.753 6.3 ....
Jacksonville, Fla.. KO.MI 6.0
Kalamazoo 277.713 .... 4.6
Akron 246.200 17.4
Bay City 267,256 26.5 ....
Chattanooga 407,219 23.3 ....
Rockford. 11l 166.103 6.4 ....
Canton. O 190.400 4.3 ....
Springfield ,O ..... 212,254 3.1 ' ....
Fargo, N. D....... SO*. 832 &3.0 '
Sioux Falls. B. D.. 125.M6 131.4
Hastings. Neb .... ;«\376 • 11l
Fremont, Neb 18*,« M 91.2
Davenport 520.352 11.4 "
Toledo 1.K38.9M 9.5
Galveston 301,200. 22.4 . "
Houston 7,203.495 12.8 ....
Youngstown ' 269,173" .... .."
Totals, S. P.... 51,418.589. 759 23.6 • T"" 7
Totals outside . .■».:*
New York.... 560.508.112 ." 16.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal t 12.519.05 i r 66.2 -■'
Toronto , 10,706,210 13.
Winnipeg 1.7«1.077 , 16.5 \\"
Halifax 1,314.065 .... 43
Hamilton- : SIS. 159 32.7
St. John, N. B 573.527 .... ■ ■ 'I.i
Totals ...'. $ 27.522.0J6 IJTT ....
REVIEW OF THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— Bradstreefs financial
review to-morrow will say: Although dull and
somewhat reactionary conditions ruled at the
beginning of the week, the last three days
have brought with them], a display of specu
lative activity ami strength *In , the market.
The earlier hesitancy was | apparently due *to '
disappointment on * the ' part of ' traders woo \
had bought stocks on the theory that there
v.ould be a pronounretl Jarr.iary ris?. becMMB
the public did not come into the mark»t at
th>- vi-ry commencement of the new business
> ar. The small professionals consequently
liquidated long holding to a oonsMrratdc ex
tent on Mom Jay and Tuesday and •■»»! out con
siiiHrnble lines of short sales, hoping that the
decline would extend further. The leading fr.c
tors In speculation seem to have contributed
to this result and their brok srt (Ml for a
time considerable sellers of the market. Among
the unacttllns factors were rumors of possible
complications among the European powfr.< in
repaid to China, while Interviews wars put (ut
in which some of nur prominent railroad men
declared that through railroad rates wan im
profitnble and that the conditions under which
competitive traffic Is carried by the railroads
render it useless to look for improvement un
less legislation is secured authorizing the
formation of pools
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. '. ; :
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — . $4 S3»i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85V4
Sterling Cables — 4 g«
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^4
Fine Silver, per ounce .*. — 57
Mexican Dollars 47 47*4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
The Jeanne fin takes for Cork 41,239 cits,
valued at j $58,200. -' • • -■"'
An advance at Chicago gave this market
better tone and futures and spot Grain both
sold higher.
The Grahamstown. Cape of Good Hope,
Journal of November 27 reports the worst
drought known In those parts for thirty-five
years, and farmers are suffering severely,
block is in a very impoverished state, and
crops, where sown, are unlikely to be reaped.
The same paper reports by telegraph from
the Orange Free State that crop news Is very
ri stre - slnsr - Horses and cattle are dying from
the effects of the drought, which of late Is a
greater enemy than the rinderpest. This news
indicates a continuance of orders for Grain
from this coast. ■■■•<?** •■»'•■■ ' > *
, Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 UK®
1 j2}» for No. 1. $1 43% for choice and $1 45®
1 4iVj per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May. 4000 ctls,
gJWj 4.100, |i 39; 12,000, IZ9xi ; 22 ' 000 - »1 39^;
•i%i? nd Session— May— ctle, $1 39%; 18.000,
.. FularF ular Morning May— Booo ctls,
*133* i; 32.000. Jl 40; 28.000, $1 39"*
eiwi' 1?ri«"1 ?ri«" Sess May— 10,000 ctls. $1 39%;
WW, tl 39^4.
BARLEY— market was steady yester
day, with a fair demand for Feed. •
Feed. SO@92Vic for dark to good and 95@97^c
for choice; Brewing. $1 or.-si o, 1 * for No. 1 and
9<!4c<gsl per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— 2ooo ctls, S6Uc. •
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
B. He ,
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— market in firmer and several
Feed descriptions show an advance. Seed
ports are neglected.
Fancy Feed. $1 20@l 25 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 12%i(5l 17' 2 ; common, $1 07V.01 10:
Surprise. $1 1 7 ' 3 . . .- 1 25; Red. $1 30@l 40; Gray
Jl Wi©l 17H; Milling. $1 074151 12- 2 : Black
for seed, $1 35@1 50. Clipped Oats sell at $1"»
I per ton over the raw product.
CORN— There is no change whatever to re
port. . .
Small Round Yellow, 97%c@$l per ctl; Large
Yellow. <»7t.g<)S»,c; White. yo®92^,c.
RYE-sl@l 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 Ss@l 50 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 10.672 bbls Flour.
The market has not changed for some time.
FLOl'H— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
St :i4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30-^4 40 per bbl.
M I LLSTUFKS— Prices In sacks are as fol
low, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $5 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100.
Rice Flcur. $5 75; Cornmeal. $4 25; extra cream
do, $3; Oatmeal. *2 M; Oat Groats. $4; Hom
iny. $3 M>a3 no; Buckwheat Flour. $3 25@3 50;
Cracked Wheat. $3 25; Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (bbls). $5 70Q
R 90: In sacks. $3 75; Pearl Barley. $4; Split
Peas, $3 50; Green do. $4 25 per 100 Ids.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Is firm at unchanged quotations. Bran
Is advanced &oc.
BRAN— SIS®I9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23<g23 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF? -Rolled Barley. $20©21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 50^23 50;
jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $19@20; Cotton
seed Meal. $29<§30 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $13 50015 per ton: Wheat and
Oat. $12 50014 50: Oat. $11 s<vf?i3: Barley, Jli-i?
13 50: compressed. $12 .'.n-^H 50: Alfalfa. $9@10;
stock. $10^11; Clover. $10«gl2 per ton. .
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are reported firm but quiet at the
old prices.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 So®3; Small Whites,
51 B#l 37',; Large Whites, $1 15*1 35; Pinks.
II T'"M SO; Reds, $1 40-gl 65; Blackeye. $2 50;
Hutt-rs. jl 40^1 50; Limas, $1 6o@l 70; Pea.
$1 2: :.-.il 40 per ctl.
SKKDS— Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard. $2',i2 50; Flax. $1 SO'Si; Canary Seed.
L"- 4 .i:\c per rb; Alfalfa. 6>4c; Rape, 2 l S2\c;
Hemp. 3c; Timothy. 5Uc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25: Green. $1 20<fJ
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are very firm all over the United
States, as : the output this year Is smaller than
usual. Onions are also. firm. The market Is
still gutted with Los Angeles Green Peas.
POTATOES Rose. 50«60c; River Reds.
40®45c; River Burbanks. 55(Q-65c ; Oregon Bur
banks, 70'ij?0c; Salinas Burbanks. 75c©$l:
Sweet Potatoes. 4»'a»ioc per etl for Rivers and
65«?75c for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
2*4 c per Ib.
ON IONS— S2 25@2 50 per ctl ; cut Onions. Jl 50
§2 per sack.
VEGETAP.r.ES— Marrowfat Squash, $10<ai2
per ton; Hubbard Squash. $10ijT12 per ton: Dried
Peppers, s@6c per Ib: Dried Okra. 15c: Cab
bage. 605 75 c per ctl; Carrots, 25@60c per sack:
Garlic. NNM« per Ib: Asparagus, I2 l ~c per lb.
Los Angeles Green Peas, l@3c: String Beans,
3*i6c for poor and 10(315c for good to choice;
Tomatoes. 25@65c; Green Peppers, — per Ib;
Summer Squash, — ; Egg Plant. — per It).
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern Poultry cold at lie for Tur
keys, $2 for Oeese, J4 &)<§'> for Hens, }5 for
young Roosters, J4 DO for old do. $4 for fryers
and $3 50 for broilers. There will be another
car this afternoon
In local stock the only change is a weaker
feeling in young stock.
There Is no particular change in Game.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. ll@l2c for Gobblers and 11@
I.- for Hens: dressed Turkeys, 13@15c per Ib;
Geese, per pair, $1 25®1 75; Ducks. $1 50ig.6 60;
Hens. $153; Roosters, young, $505 50; do old.
SS.EOOI; Fryers. $4 50®5: Broilers. $4 COOS
for large and J3@4 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@2
per dozen for young and $1 for old.
GAME— Quail, per das, $I®l 25: Mallard «2 So
(S3 50; Canvasback. $4 50<{Tr.: Sprig, $1 .VK?I 75;
Teal. Jiral 25; Widgeon. Jl®l 25; Small Ducks.
75c<?»; Gray Geese, $2 25® 2 50; White. 7r.c@sl ;
Brant. $1 50: Honkers, $4@4 50; English Snipe,
$1 7502: Jack Snipe. $1; Hare. $1; Rabbits,
$1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and 75c@?l for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is another decline in Butter and deal
ers are offering it freely at concessions.
Cheese also shows weaker symptoms.
There is no further decline in Eggs, but
they are weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, 27@28c; sec
onds. 25«f2fk:.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 24i?f2. r .c; lower grades,
21&23 C per IK
Eastern Butter— 22i??23c per !t>.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11<311^4c?4 com
mon to good, S@loc; Cream Cheddar, 10® lie;
Young America. nv<7l2Vac; Western. ll©12c;
1 Eastern. 12H013V4e per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 25^2Sc per dor; store
Eggs, 22!g'21c; Eastern, 17jri18o tor cold storage.
; DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
All kinds remain about as previously quoted.
The market Is freely supplied with all season
able kinds.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $7©B per bbl; Coos Bay. $1 50®
2 per box.
- Apples, 25©40 c per box for common. 50c©tl
for good to choice and $1 2501 40 for fancy;
Lady Apples. 50c©$l for large boxes.
. Persimmons, 2S#loc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25«
2 60; Seedlings, 50c@Sl; • Mandarins. Jl@l 50;
Grape Fruit, $354 per box: Lemons. 60c@
$1 for common and $1 50@2 for good to choice;
Mexican L,im<*s, $41? 1 ,"n per box; California
Limes in small boxes,' 50c: Bananas. $1 20@2 25
per bunch; Pineapples; UQi per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
Dealers are reporting a better demand at the
old prices.
DRIED FRUITS—
Prunes, carload lots, 3^il?4\ic for 40-50's, 3^*9
Z\c for 50-60' s. 2»iir3»4c for 60-70' s. 2U®234c for
70-SO's, l*i@2!4c for 80-90' s. l*4@l%c for 90-100's;
Peaches. 3@4V4c; fancy. s@s>-.c; peeled, 10@
12>sc; Apricots. s®6c for Royals and 7@Bc for
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples
6H«*7c; sun-dried. 4C4V4c; black Figs. In sacks
24}2Vsc; Plums, 44®4%c for pitted and l#l%c
for unpltted; blenched ' Plums. s©s>.ic: Nec
tarines, 4Sscfor prime to fancy; Pears, 2V40
4Vic for quarters and 305*40 for halves, accord
ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— New Raisins, 2>»<a3c for two
crown. 4c for three-crown, 5c for four-crown
&V4c for Seedless Sultanas and $1 io@l 15 for
London layers; dried : Grapes. 2»ic.
NUTS- Chestnuts are quotable at S®loo per
Ib: Walnuts, 566 c for hardshell and - 607 c
for tshell ; Almonds. 2"4@3V4c for hardshell
s®6c for BOf tshell and-7@Scfor paper-shell ■
Peanuts. ' 405^40 for Eastern and 4', for '"nli
fornia; Pecan». e^tTSc; Filberts, B'j@loc- Bra
zil Nuts. SiS»c : per Ib; Cocoanuts, -54 &o@s per
HONEY— New Comb. 10c for bright and 7@90
for lower (Trades; new water-white extracted.
i%(s?4 s !'tc; light . amber extracted, 3^i@4c per tb.
BEESWAX— per.lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market Is still dull at unchanged quo
tations. - * . ,
CURED MEATS— Bacon. BVsc per Tb for
heavy, :''C for light medium, 10c for light, lOV-o
for extra iigt and 12c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, lou^llc; California
Hams, 9©9 I -2c; Mess Beef, ?s 50 per bbl; extra
mess do, $S 50; family do, S11012; salt Pork.
$B@S eO; extra prime Pork, $9 bo, extra clear,
*16; mess, $1* 50; SmoKed Beef, ll'-(Bl2Vic per
It),
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s^»c per ib
for compound and 6c for pure;palls, 7c; Cali
fornia tierces, 5c per Tb for compound and 6o
for pure; half-bbls, 6V»c; 10-lb tins7c; do 5-lb,
T±c per Tt>.
COTTOLBNE- Tierces. 57&®6V(,c: packages,
less than 300 Tbs— l-!t> pails. GO In a case. 88 7 *c:
3-Ib pails, 20 in a case, S^c: 5-tb pails, 12 in a
case, S l .:,c; 10-n> pails. 6 In a case. SVsc; 50-Ib
dns, one or two in a case. 7&4e; wooden buck
ets. 20 rbs net. 77,4 c: fancy tubs. SO lt>9 net, 7Hc;
half-bbls, about 110, tbs, "^c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Though 'Wool Is still dull It is firm and the
prospects are for a first-class year In this
staple. Hides are firm at the recent advance.
There Is nothing dolnir in Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
at le under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
I'ijil.iWc per 1b; medium, 9c; light. 9c: Cow
hides. SijTWe; Stags. 6c; salted Kip. 10c: Calf,
lie: dry Hides. 16c: culls and brands. 13c; dry
Kip and Veal. HflSr: dry Calf, 18(?20c; culls.
le'glTc; Goatskins, 2Q@37Vjc each; Kids. s@loc:
Deerskins, good summer. 25@30c per lb; me
dium. 20o: winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings,
2n>g3Oc each: short wool. 40(g70c each; medium.
70OJ0C ; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 3@3%c per n>; No.
2, 242 21-jc; refined. sc; Grease. 2@2\ic.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free, 10©
13c; do defective. 10@llc: San Joaquln. defec
tive, ~®sc; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free
Northern, 12®lSc; do defective. 9@llc; Hum
holflt and Mendoclno, 13@15c; Eastern Oregon.
9@l3e: Valley Oregon. 16-fflSc.
HOPS— O'.d crop. i<??6c for poor to fair and 8
(SflOc for good: new crop. 10®15c per !b.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
FAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 1898 delivery, 5%
«fs\c: Wool Bags. 27<f?30c.
COAL— Wellington, $8; New Wellington. $8;
; Southfleld Wellington. J7 50: Seattle. J5 50: <
I Bryant, J5 50; Coos Bay. (1 75; Wallsend, $7 00; ■
I Cumberland, $14 50 in bulk and {IS in sacks;
i Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, «15; Cannel. $9 '■
1 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
i ant Valley, $7 60; Coke. il3 per ton in bulk and
US in sacks.
RlCE— Chinese mixed, J4 25'!?4 30 per ctl: No. ■
1. $4 40@4 SO per ctl; extra No. l. $,v?? 5 20- Haw
aiian. $4 50; Japan, $4 7."f :,; Rangoon, *4.
SI'GAR— The Western Suear Refinery Com- !
! pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
: and Fine Crushed, 66 7 s c; Powdered. 6^c; Dry j
: Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners" A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 5»4c: Extra C. Z\c; Golden C. 5Hc: '
Candy Granulated. 5%c; California A. s'^c per I
lb: half-bbls %c more than barrels, and boxes i
Me more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The firmness in Hogs continues and they are
getting rather scarce. There Is no change in
Beef or Mutton.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. B<*@7c; second do. 5%9
6c: third do, 4(Rac per lb. -
VEAl^~ Large, .'JT6c; small, 6^70 per lb.
MlTTON— Wethers. 6<Q-7c; ewes, 6c per Ib.
LAMB- Ppring. nominal.
i PORK-Live Hogs. 8%93%e for large and
3v 4 @s»tc for small and 3>~'g3%c for medium
soft Hogs. 2Vi'g3V«c; dressed do, s@sHc per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. January 7.
, Flour, qr sks ... 13.:.M Straw, tons 5
! Wheat, ctls 3S.SU Hops, bales 94
Barley, ctls .... 3,284 Wool, bales .... Sn i
Rye. ctls IPO Leather, lolls .. 107
Butter, ctls 42 Pelts, bdls 15 i
Cheese, ctls 7 Hides, no MS I
Beans, sks 400 Eggs, doz 990 !
Potatoes, sks .. 3.12R Wine, gals BE.WM '
Onions, sks KM Brandy, gals ... 11,500
Bran, sks 22.". Chlcori-. bbls 10 ]
Middlings, sks .. MS Quicksilver, flsk. 24 ,
Hay, tons K8
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 5.212 Wheat, ctls 4 4SO
OREGON.
Onions, sks 26T
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter Is cheaper again. There is no change
' In Eggs.
Poultry has been rather scarce of late, but it
Is somewhat more plentiful at the moment.
Green Peas are in large supply and cheaper.
; The other Vegetables show no particular
change.
The winter fruits are In good supply and sell-
Ing at reasonable prices. - - '- -- -.~-^ m .. »
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
! price list: '■
i Coal, per ton—
Cannel *U 50@ — — Castle Gate. 9 50®10 00
Wellington . -@10 00 Pleasant Val 9 50S10 00 '
, New Wei- ! Southfield
llngton .... «?10 00 i Wellington ® 950 :
Seattle 7 50® Coos 8ay.... — Z <| 675 i
■ Dairy Produce, etc.— • ■ •
Butter, fancy, per Cheese, Swiss 20@30
square 55@60 : Common - Eggs . •. •'s®
Do, per roll 50*55 Ranch Eggs, per <
Do. good 45^50 doz ■ SO<SVi
; Pickled roll, per Eastern Eggs, per
roll 50??— ' doz 20<3
: Firkin, per lb — — ®30! Honey, comb, Der
Cheese. Cal 15@20 lb * 1*615
i Cheese. Eastern.. ls@2o l Do, extracted. '.'.' f@io ''■
| Meats, per pound—
' Paeon 12517 I Pork, fresh. I2#?i^ !
! Beef, choice 12915 Pork. salt !. 106 12 I
Do. good SfflOlPork Chops "l'WiS !
! Corned Beef 89— (Round Steak said
I Ham. Cal ......m*??- (Sirloin Steak. '.iiiki®-
Do. Eastern 12®13 i Porterhoi-ie, do 17&20
Lard 12ft} 15 I Smoked Beef.. "—©ls ,
Mutton 8010! Pork Sausages."*— ©'0
Lamb .....10@12tVeal .....["iogiS I
Poultry and Game
.Hens. each... oo@ 65 Hare, each.... ©«o i
Young Roost- Quail, doz.. i $$'£ " 1
ers, each 60@ -75 Mallard, pair. ?-,<?; mo
I Old Roosters, • ICanvasb'k. pr.l 00©l 25
i each 50® 60 1 Sprig, pair. 50(|—
: Fryers, each.. 50© 60 Teal, pair 4d»
Broilers, each. 5548 40 1 Widgeon, pair 40@ 50
Turkeys, pr lb 17# 18; Small Duck, pr 3;,<-y .
Ducks. each... — @ 75 1 Wild Geese, pr 50© '
j Geese, each.... 25© I 75 1 English Snipe,
Pigeons, pair. 25'<? 40 doz 2 5003 00
: Rabbits, pair. -9 40 ! Jack Snipe, dz.l 259150
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 12@15 1 Lemons, doz DOff/23
Apples, lb 5 Limes, doz "."la®—
: Bananas, doz 15<fi20 Oranges. d0*.....!16«3g
I Cranberries, qt-..l2Wlsi Pears, lb 453 s :
j Cocoanuts. each.. 4© 6 Raisins, 1b... SOl-"»
Grapes, lh 4@ S I Walnuts, lb 13@—
Vegetables
Asparagus, lb IS9SO Mushrooms, lb. ©__
Artichokes, doz.sl@l 25 Dried Okra, lb .—&»
Beets, doz... 12p15 Onions, lb ..'. 4«. 5
j Beans, white, lb. ■!.'«' "> Peppers, dried..!! 10912
Colored, lb 4'< i 5 Do, green, 1b.".'.15@20
Lima, lb s<i 6 Potatoes, lb •>« 3
Cabbage, each s®lo .Parsnips. d0«.....159JQ
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Do, Sweet Q 3
Celery, bunch 39— Radishes, dz bchs"lO@l»
, Cress, doz bchs...2oSCs Page, lb °:.V; r.
! Garlic, lb •"'"— String Beans,- lb.loft <> 5
Green Peas. 1b... Thyme, lb .•,»'.,
! Lentils, lb 8m 8 Turnips, doz 15620
Lettuce, id0z.'...:.ir.©25,i d0z.'...:.ir.©25, Tomatoes, lb s@lO
Fish, per pound — .. • ; '•
i Barracuda — @10lShad S@—
Carp E# 8 Sea Bass M . 10
'■ Codflsh 8910 Smelts 15©— |
i Flounders S Soles 57210
' Herring 5@ 6 Skates, each...!.! c0i(»
i Halibut ....' — li 15; Sturgeon :....... 10.^ f>
Kingfish B©loTomcod .' "l->e!l
Mackerel :.t 15@—^Clams. gal ...V;*".!— fain
Do. Horse — &— Do hardshell, lOO.'so©—
Perch '. S@lo Crabs, each 12'a13
Pompano $I®— Do softshell. dz "" .,, ■;-■
Rockflsh 12@13 Mussels, qt 10®i»
Salmon, smoked.. 2i)«& j Oysters, Cal., 100 409—
Salmon, fresh 12@15 Do Eastern, doz 25040
j Shrimps 1. SQ10! " «w«i
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surw
Tinus ami Heights ot High ana Low
Raters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by Official aJ.
thorlty of the Superintendent wmclal A ""
NOTE— The high and low waters oon.i- .
the city front (Mission-street wharf?^ »h *"
twenty.-flve minutes later than at Fort Poin^
the height of tide I, the same at both p™es
JANUARY— 1593.
Egwh 1 n ■'-■ g§ Hi^k.'
5 sa a sis a ks dilka
a 1:22 4.6 -5;44 3 2 11-^ fio « : S ~^?
■iSUli^.— ln the above p»rw«in,i« ~ » .w ■
the early morning Tides »£"« v?n fn'th. 1 w?
fhTday' Se £ £??. Klves , "> e seconHide of
I.nited States Coast Survey charts excent
tinned States Coast Survey chart* ; -.,,»
J^n"^^!!™^ 1811 /-* «>««*«■ thebeigMa^d
th KHK H n erb^ r 88 VV e a^ B SUt>traCtlVe <™ m th «
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
tranch of th United States Hydrographlo
m?n,- (Io( Ioc * ted i a the Merchants' Exchange. 1*
maintained in San Francisco tor the benefit .of
See' f rS exp WW e nse OUt reKard tO ' «"«"*«• and
officV'i a hp re c , ordia »y Invited to visit th.
?Jwr Air X rs complete seta of charts and sail
In* directions of the world are kept on hand
lor comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regardln*
lights dangers to navigation and ail matter.
"ySfSS rall^rtop 0 "'/ "^"building on Tele
% fi.°S
IS A n notlcf stating whether the time ball wa.
ZI^JV^Z
P p^!Tni biTthe horning *&<s}£***
dar " ,:. ■ . Lieutenant. U. S. N-. In charge.
The Time Ball.
Branch " Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.,.Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, January
Owing to the halliards carryiny away, the
time ball was not dropped t°~^ ay ' HUGHES
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charg-. _
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ! Destination!
Sails.
I
mnia. .
mlco . .
93
ter
tta
on.i
1na. . ..
ott
Portland...... Jan 8. 10 AM Pier 24
Panama ... Jan 8. M >' PMS3
! Australia ! Jan 8. 10 p.m Pier 7
! Newport Jan 9, '.' am Per "
CoosJiav...... Jan 9.10 am Pier 13
Humbldtßay. Jan 10. 2 rv Per 9
Coos Bay ..... Jan 10. 5 pm Pier 8
Humbldt Bay. Jan- 11, 9 AM Pier U
San Diego.... Jan 11, 11 AM Pier 11
Vie & Pgt Snd Jan 11. l J AM , Pier 9
Eel River..... Jan 12. HAM i Pier 13
Portland Jan 13. 10 AM Pier 24
Newport Jan 13. » am Pier 11
:SanDlefTO.... Jan 15. 11 AM Pier 11
Chlna&Japan. Jan 15, 1 pm PM S3
Alaska Jan 15, '
ityPuebla*
hilkat... i
.-» ' .■ of Cal :
aoa Bay..
ueen ;
plgrlc i
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
ltyPuebla .. Victoria and Pu«ret Sound [Jan T
.ztec Comox •.....-... Jan 8
'omona Humboidvßay. Jan 8
lty of Sydney . Panama an £
.roan v Coos Bay «... Jan 8
an Mateo Nanalmo ' ' Jan 9
lurma Nanalmo \ an 9
Jmplre Coos Bay ; Jan 9
Veeott jHumooldt Bay ....Jan 9
rescent City.. | Crescent City ............ Jan 9
irlstoU Departure Bay Jan 9
anta Rosa . San Dle^o.. Jan 9
zarina Coos Bay : an 9
hllkat.... Eel River Jan 10
(Tashtenaw Tacoma • Jan 10
rorthFork.... Humboldt Jan 10
tateotCal Poruana , - Jan 10
'rogreso : : Seattle- .;;"..-..... *• Jan 11
oos Bay Newport ! Jan 11
Valla Walla... Victoria and PusretSnd... Jan 13
'resident. !Yaqulnaßay! Yaqulnaßay ' .... Jan 13
iueen San Diogro : ~ •• Jan 13
.lamed.i Sydney.-. '........ Jan 13
)el Norte Grays Harbor Jan 14
olumbla Portland Jan 15
eru China and Japan Jan 15
[0mer. ......... Coos Bay . Jan 15
a]
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
'ARRIVE!).
Friday, January 7.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, 59% hours from
Victoria and ' Puget Sound ports; "pass and
mds>e, to Good all. Perkins- & Co. <
Ptmr City of Sydney, ■ McLean, 18 days from
Panama, etc; pass and madse. to P M S S Co.
Stmr Cleone, ■ Strand, 14 hours from Albion;
lumber and r r ties, to Albion Lumber Co.
Stmr Homer. .lessen 74 hours from Newport
and way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg; 350 M ft- lumber, to Union ' Lu
mber Co.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 24$ hours from
Port Harford; ballast to L E White Lumber
Co.
H B M stmr Sparrowhawk. De Setge, 29 hr»
from San Diego.
Ship Yosemite, Fullerton, 19 days from Ta
coma: 1730 tons coal, to R. I). Chandler.
Ship Invincible, Chipperfield. 18 days from
Port Blakeley; lumber • and • laths to Renton,
Holmes & Co.
Bark Harry Morse. Lane. 24 days from Seat
tle, via Port Angeles 22 days; 1963 tons coal, to
Pacific Coast Co. ■
Bktn Gardiner City, Hastens, 6% days frm
Grays Harber; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen. 26 hours frm
Bowens Landing; 40 cords wood. 4500 r r ties,
to Bender Bros. : • '
Schr Lily. Bottger, 7 days from Umpqua;
lumber, to Gardiner Mill Co. •
Schr Western Home Nielsen, 6V4 days from
I Coos Bay; lumber, to D F Moulton.
Schr Prosper, Schroeder. 6«4 days from Ne-
I halem; 260 M lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber
; Co. • • .
Schr Volante. Erratt. 19days from Tll'amook;
about 100 M lumber, to E X Wood Lumber Co.
Schr Pioneer, Mlkkelsen, 8% days from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.-
Schr S Dantelson, Gruggel. 16 days from Co
quille River; lumber, to order.
; Schr Twilight, Hansen. 7 dys frm Tillamook,
200 M lumber, to Truckee Lumber Co.
- CLEARED.
 -. '•• ' ' . . Friday. January 7.
, Br strnr Moana. Carey, Sydney and Hono
lulu :~J D Spreclcels'& Bros Coy'"-' «--; £-• *
; Stmr Queen, Debney, San Diego; Goodall.
; Perkins & Co. . .-. . ...
Stmr Columbia, Conwav, Astoria; O R & N
Co.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen, Klausen, Nanalmo;
John Rosenfelds Sons. - .' ■
Br bark Inverlyon, Cromble, Queenstown:
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. January T.
Stmr Queen, Debney. San Diego. . .
Stmr Thrasher, Tov.-nsend.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. :
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Fort Bragg. :
Jeanne dAre, Mahe. Queenstown.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Co
quille River. ;•- • ■---
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 7— lo p. m.— Wind NBs'
velocity 8 miles. ■• "
CHARTERS.
The schr Falcon loads mdse for Tahiti.
The Guy C Goss loads lumber and spars at
Port Blakeley for New York; J M Weather
wax, lumber at Port Gamble for Launceston.
The Alice A Leigh loads wheat at Tacoma
for Europe, 33s 9d— prior to arrival.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Jan Stmr Washtenaw
from Tacoma for San Francisco. '
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 7— Schr Lena
Sweasey, hence Dec 2S.
Sailed— Jan Stmr Progreso, for San Fran
cisco. ...
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 7— Schr Eva, for Hilo
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco. \
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 6— Stmr Jewel
from San Pedro for Caspar; stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro for Eureka.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan Bark Levi G Bur
gess, for San Francisco.
Arrived- 7— ship Columbia, hence Dec 30.
POINT ARENA-Arrlved Jan 7-Schr Bender
Brothers, hence Jan 5.
FISKS ■ MILLS— Arrived Jan 7-Schr Chris
tina Stef fins, hence Dec 31
TATOPSH-Passed Jan 7-H B M stmr Lo
ander and Virago, hence Jan 4, for Esquimau.
,_<r LALLAM BAY- In port Jan 7— Br bark
hinlatter. from Seattle for Astoria
Arrived Jan ? Br sHip Cambrian Kin from
fcnanghal.
PoHaSe °- ArriVed Jan 7 - Schr Metor. <™
Sailed" Jan 7— Schr Maria E Smith, for Ta-
ch^he^r^n'r Jan 7 - stmr Ance Biaa
fof^ana^nfo 00 -^ 11^ Jan 7 ~ Ship Bohemta '
Ga^irr^n^a'ncfsc-o^ 7 " SChr *™* A "
sey E S' r7ec A2BA 28. iVed Jan SChr Lena S ™'
Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Signal, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
New L alled Jan & ~ Stmr Advance, for
K^f'o^X^ol 1^ Jan 5~5 ~ ?? h p Fannl9
tm R ,1 13 P ? IN T-Passed Jan 7-Br ship
Thistle hence Aug 25 for Queenstown.'
BARRi_salled Jan 6— Br ship Marion Light
body, for Santa Rosalia
QbEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 7-Br ship Sam
aritan, for Tyne. -
TRAXS-ATLAXTIC STEAMERS.
QrEENSTOWN— Arrived, Jan. 7— Etrur'a.
New York, for Liverpool. rUr!s>
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed. Jan. 7-Stmr Cevic for
New York. '
CONSIGNEES. ;,V * vf;
Per City of Sydney— Alex Center; A Zeller
bach & Sons; A Vlßnier: Baker. & Hamilton-
Bank of Cal; Baruch & Co; Cunningham Cur
Usa . & Welch: Castle Bros; Dunham. Carri
[ran & H Co; Dolliver Bros; X L G St'eele ('r>~
Fuller & Co; Jas G Allen; J O MeveVinlc- f
Ivancovlch & Co; John T Wright; I Gutte-' T
F Lastreto: Lev! Strauss & Co: Lowenberc &
Co; LeCount Bros: Miller. Sloss & • *;-.„,,.
Meyersteln & Co: M Franklin & ro - M«ln i
Winchester; Nathan. Dohrmann & .'«'„,.
alegre & Co; N R Spencer; Otis, Mc\ili«(.p *
Co; Office Specialty Co: Payot. Upham *. c?-
Pac Butchers' Supply Co: Pascal. Dubedat A
Co; Parrott & Co; Redington & Co; Bl »v
itt & Co; Sherman. Clay & Co; Sadler &■ Co"
Stockton Milling Co;. Sfrhwratz Bros- Harry
Unna Co: Thannhauser & Co; Urruela* rrir>«t»
& Co; W W Montague & Co; W Loaiza & ,- •, c
Per Lily-Hilmer. Bredhoff &- S : Vetmn^
Bros:. McDonough A Runyon; M P • Detpli a
Co: C W Melvin: Poultry men's Union --W ?
Price & Co; W B Summer & c ; bodire'
Sweeney & Co;. . ' .^odge,
■ Per City of Puebla— Castle, Bros- JB Levin
son; Wells, Fargo &-Co; Getz Bros- Rnvoii
Milling: Co: H W Hlfjrgins & Co; 'Selby Sm it
in X & Lend Co; A Brodeck: Bertin & Le^ori :
Brown Bros: Cal Saw Works: Cal Wine \<£n-
Chas B Bemls; Chas E Coon: Albion Lur-ih^
Co; Everett- Pulp & Paper Co; Chas Te^n'
Geo D Graham: Goldstein & Co- Italian «ii
Colony: Pac Bone. Coal and Fert Co- we!
Enjrelbrecht; Schleerel & B: W W Ha'rtman-
Lane & Connelly: John Wieland: W fc Hintnn:
Duff & Co: J Hammond: Amn Toba"> Cn-
G Sansuir.ettl: H A Yeazell: Stauffer" Chem
Co; Wellman. Peck' & Co; Goodall Perkins A
Co: Hoffman. Rothschild & Co; Selbv Smelt
ing & Lead Co; W ,v J Sloane & Co- Lewis
Pkff <"o: Tacoma & Roche Harbor Lime Co- A
L Bryan Shoe Co: Amn Biscuit Co; Moore
Ferguson & Co: SH Frank A Co; Thos Wat-
Bon: Jok Grahame: Sam Weister; J Fiehal-
Amn Wire Nail ; Co: Amn Tobacco Co; A j
Robinson: A Zellerhach & Sun: Baker & Ham
ilton: Bellurskad Mnfg Co; Buckingham &
Hecht; C Q Bennett: C L Maxwell; G H Meyer I
& Co; Columbian Coffee & S Co.
Per City of Puobla-D de Barnard Dunham
CaxrUtan & H Co; E H Speddy; Hobbs. "Wali& Co; Hulsefeld & Meany; H S Crocker
& Co; 3 S Van Winkle: John A Roebllng a Son
& Co; J B Stokes: J D French: J L wood
Mnfg Co; John Noonan; J\«* L " n I',.M1 'M ; i lt !
& Co: Main & Winchester; M Sherwood. Mil
ler. Sloas & Scott: Phelps & Arnold. -ft.f t.
Syrup Co; X Crooks & Co; S J Friedlander &
Co; Sherman, Clay & Co; Tlllman & Bendel.
Triest & Co: V H Stanley; William* Dlmond
& Cor Washturn & Moen Mnfs Co. Western
Transfer Co: Union Can Co: Kissinger & Co.
Gero. Herman & Co: H W alde.ck & Co.
Per Homer— Buckingham. Hecht & Co W olf
& Sons; Dorian & Co: Roth * '?■ %v% v ,V, ec^
& Co: Standard OH Co; HolbrooK. Merrill *
Stetson- Hilmer. Bredhort & 8ch«l«; H Lev I &
Co; William Marvin & Co; Pacific Cpa*tF M
Co; T Ivancovich & Co: X C Keene; H B Lmer
son & Co; Crew. Voorhles & Co: D »l«. &
Co; Garcia i- Magginl: Crabb & Glfford J De
"Martini- J J Newb*»gln: Sunset 1 & T Co:
■ Am Type Co" J T Arthur; J Ivancovich &
Co A 1 ->v 5 & Co: Wolf & Sons; Dalton Bros:
• O \v McXear- S S Vincent; A I'aladlnl & Co:
X Union Fish Co; J B Inguglia; Wheaton.
' Proen & Co: Wolf *- Bom; V E Halght; D M
■ T'nlon- Wltzel & Baker: Ross & Hewlett; Mar
:"■ shall & H. H Klrchman & Co; mils Bros;
C F Whitney & Co; Norton, Teller & Roden;
• • Labor Exchange; H I'utard; Sacramento Fish
• Co '1 Camllloenl; L Juri & Co; W B Sumner
"■■'& Co- Blssinger & Co; Herman Waldeck & Co;
: Standard Oil Co; Wellman. Peck & Co; Huss,
' Early & HarvlUe; O P Smith & Co: A Wyss;
- Kofs & Hewlett; Gotz Bros & Co; D De Ber
• nardi & Co; J H Newbauer & Co; Hills Bros;
'■■ 'Western Meat Co; F I'r; & Co; Norton, Teller
""■'. & Roden: Brigbam. Hoppe & Co; "'has Tetzen:
'r Dodge s A: Co; Getz Bros: H N* Tilden & Co:
••-.J lion*: Marshall, ToKgart & Co; Ross &
'-■ Jlewlett; western Meat Co; Wellman P &
: -vCc; O A Stelner.
:■.• IMPORTATIONS.
:*•:"•■ NEWPORT— Per Homer— lix Ehoes, 71 bxi
Arranges, 46 bis husks.
.;•'• S.in Pedro— lo4s sks barley. Ihx telephones, 2
:' cs machinery. 3 blocks. 1 bx pictures.
• ,• • .Hueneme— l bbl hardware, 4 cs eggs.
';.?■ Ventura — 1 cs syrup. 1 cs molasses, 1 ak
. feed. 1 cs honey, 1 bx phonographs, 25 bxs
■ lemon's, 102 bxs oranges, 1 bx dry fruit.
: . East San Pedro — SS bxs oranges, 7 bx« tonia
. ■ toes. ■
Santa Barbara — bxs lemons.
s ■a.— 2o cs pampas plumes, 1 bdl snow
ehoes, 1 tent and sled.
GavJota — 24 sks crawfish. 1 bx butter.
Port Harford— lo3 sks onions. 8 bxs butter, 29
cs eggs, 3 eps chickens, ii sks beans, 33 bxs
fish.
Cayucos— 2 sks abalones, 32 b<3ls hides. 61 bxs
butter, 2014 os egsts. it dry calves.
San Simeon— SV» cb eggs. 31^ bxs butter. 3S
f'ks abalone shells. 3 dried .calves, 1 tub but
ter, 1 cp chickens. 1 sk beans, 3 calves, 16 dried
do, 1 gnats.
VICTORIA— Per City of Puebla— lo cs evapo
rated onions, 33 bbls whisky, 2 pkgs express, 1
ek coin.
Port Townsend— 2 pkgs mdse, 1 pkg express.
2 Fks coin.
Seattle, via O n r R— sks 40 hf sks flour,
E24 copper plates.
Seattle — 254 pkgs mdse, 10 pkgs express, 2 sks
coin. 7 bxs fish. 1 cs cigars, 4 sks oysters, 41
bags bones, 13 bxs salt fish. 153 sks bones. 71
rls SI bdls paper, 12 bxs salmon, &0 ska char
coal. .
. Tacoma— l cs cigarettes. 1 cs dry roods. o-'i
rksrs mdse. 1 bbl vinegar, 1 bx, olive oil.
Everett— 46 bdls paper, Ics dry goods, 31 pkgs
mdse. 3500 bars bullion. 3 rls carpet.
Anacortes— 6o cs codfish, 1253 bbls lime.
West of. Fargo, via Tacoma — 1 cs boots and
phoep, us hf 500 or sks flour, 34?S sks wheat,
4 lulls hides.
East of Fargo, via Tacoma — 2 cs books.
New Whatcom— 3 sks nuts, 1 pkg mdse, 10 hf
r>h!s fish. 10 bxs salmon.
Vancouver— 3o Mis hides, 4» bdls pelts, 2 ska
tat la, l pkg rt'dsp.
East, via Vancouver— l9.ooo kgs nails. 314 cs
tobacco, 212 cs r.3 bdls paper, 1503 pcs pipe.
6 cs boots and shoes. 5 hbls axle grease. JOS cs
hats. 25 bhls starch, 40 tbs 20 cs cheese, 713 bdls
190 els 5 bbls hard steel, 95 pkffs hardware, 113
bis 414 bars steel, 2190 spls !.arbr-l wire. 265
bdls iron, 1 bdl feathers. S cs hames, 1 cs har
ness. 5 cs silk dyeatuff. € cs brushes. 2 crs fur
niture. 50 bbls glucose. 564 bxs tin plate. 30
organs. 1 piano, IKSO bxa canned corn. 400 cs
canned milk, 30 bb'.s 3 pcs chain. 554 pkgs iron
■wire.
Per City of Sydney— ls6o cs mdse. £320 keps
mils, 1193 kegs horsesli 1209 :k«rs genl hard
war», ISI pkirs dry goods, 43S ream* paper, 264
rkgs stamped ware. 7 pianos. R29 bdls pipe, 1119
j'kßß iron etc. 100 j.kr« paints etc. WO hbls sul
phur. 270 bbls oil. 9?4 Us wire, BIS colls rope.
Soft pkgs snap. 121 pkRF ceterwood logs, 1707
bags coffee, 67 bdli deerskins, 237 bxs llr-s.
S3 ftoxes treasure (28.748); :4.1?S pieces 114? tons.
Per schr 1..'--, frm T*mpn>ia — 3U bbls " kegs
9 firkins butter. 455 bxs apples, 13 bxs fruit, 1
bx furs. 1 sk. 2 pkga hides, '4 bxs salmon. 11l
M lumber. ,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Th« downward tendency In mining stocks
continues and sales are of small volume.
The Pennsylvania Mir.inr Company of Grass
Valley has declared the regular monthly div
idend of 5 cents per Bliare.
The Le Roi Mining Company of British Co
- lumbla has declared a $50,000 dividend. This
-. makes $725,000 paid to date. The company has
; Just completed its own smelter at Northport
, at a cost of $100,000. and will begin treatment
:of its ores about the 15th. It la expected that
it .will then pay dividends of $100,003 monthly.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending January 1 the usual
..•■ .prospecting •work was done in the Security,
Bullion, Black. Incline. Fortuna and Burgess
- . .ledges on the 150, 172. ISO. 265, 3SO, 470 and
•',•662 levels. No. new developments of ore were
'. '■ made. The condition of the mine is practl
'•. cally unchanged. The Ftopes in the Movie.
'.'.- Bullion. Black. Incline, Marulre and Fortuna
''ledges yielded the usual amounts of fair to
good ore.
. : ..'-- Standard Mill statement— Ore crushed for the
i ' •week, 263 tons; average assay vanner tail
'' Ings, $6 43: concentrates produced. 24 tons; as
•• .• Bay value. $79 01: amalgam produced, 763
•• ounces; value per ounce. $2 28.
.;' 7 . • BOARD PALES.
;•, Following were the sales in the San Fran
■•■ cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session— 9:3o.
;• 2 Alta 11 100 Ophir 59
130 Con Cal & Va..l 25 300 Sierra Nevada.. 60
.r 100 Gould &l Curry. 36 400 Silver Hill 05
Afternoon Session.
1450 Alta 11800 Justice 31
1000 Andes 13 16001 600 Mexican 22
EOO Belcher 3* MO Ophlr .. . 59
300 Best 4 Belchr.. 4« 25 Potosl 3S
£00 Challenge 23,500 33
50 Con Cal & Va..l 25;200 Pavage 16
3W 1 20,100 Standard 150
10 Confidence . 1 00!200 .ah . . 08
f-00 Gould & Curry- "A 700 Yellow Jacket.. 35
200 Hale & Norcrs.l 45 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
2f? A! ta 11 200 Gould & Curry. 26 I
100 Belcher 3.:, '200 Hale & Norcrs.l 40
* r ' r < 17 200 Ophlr 69
£00 Best & Be'chr.. 48 ; 300 Overman .... 12
200 , 47;300Potosi ;; 31 '
200 Bullion 04! 200 Sierra Nevada.. 64
2<".oCon Cal & Va..l ,400 " 61
™--- 1 22H 800 Union, Con".!'.!'. 33
<™o Con Lmperial.. 01 300 Utah .. 10
700 Crown Point ..26.
Afternoon Session.
400 Alpha Con 07,200 Crown Point 26
1000 AHa 111300 Gould & Curry" 36
800 Belcher 37 1 400 Justice ... 30
700 &> 2.M. Mexican .'.'.'. "" 22
'.'hollar 31 800 Sierra Nevada 6"
600 Con Cal & V.I 22<* 400 Yellow Jacket.. 35
1500 1 201
" ' • CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 7-4 p. m.
Alpha Con .... 07 OS.JulIn 01 —
Aita 11 12 Justice .. .. " 30 31
Andes 12 1« Kentuck 05 06
■ • Belcher 37 35 Mexican 2* 23
• Best & Belchr. 47 4!>: Occidental ... 130 126
... Benton Con ... 20 — Ophir ■ 63 6f>
• Bullion 04 05 Overman 11 12
-. ' Caledonia IS 20 1 Potosl 32 11
• Chollar SO 31 Savage  ]« 17
••• Con Cal & V..1 20 1 X Beg Belcher.... 07 08
. Challenge Con. •23 24 Scorpion 05 06
('on Imperial.. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. (12 63
• ■ Crown Point .. 25 27 Silver Hill .... 04 05
.;■■ '.'on New York. — 02 j Standard 150 _
. Eureka Con ... 25 — 1 Union Con .... 32 34
• = Goyld 4 Curry. 86 38 Utah 07 03
.;._•; .--Hue & Norcrs. — 140 ; Yellow Jacket. 35 3C
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
-••., FRIDAY. Jan. 7—2 p. m.
■' T . c-, Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked
. U S Bonds— MEL C 0.... 15% UK
:■ <■> quar coup.. 113 — Oakland Gas.. 65% —
..-•.;«■ quar reg.,112 - p ac Gas Im. 93?
<s quar new ..125 — p ar j f- n « .»
F & rhPv,^ ~ , I!ilnk Stock.
llarket-st to.. US — n fr r f-; , •■•• 1 f» —
. Do Ist M55..n3<4113% s.v Nat ff *™ ~
NatVln 6s Ists _ 100 Saving. ?/"} i>o ~
N<~irßv -* ir/i r^i? V Ks Hanks—
NPC Ry 65.1U4% - R F Say f'^ «S *°
>« h 55. .111 112 Union T Co' 952 -
I 5 Vi P *-«»WI I'owder-""'
'•' 's V£3 X-HS* 1 Miscellaneous- A
:. Spring Val BS%IOO Nat Vln Co _ ~u,
Gas and Electric— ,Oc S <■•,, Ist' ??
V Cent Gailight. 98% - ! Pa/ A V-"a\" k P
■ . Caplt*l Gas... _ _ Pac £ oope*!;;r p c *!;; 91 i
1 Par Paint Co. 6% —
MORXINO SESSION— 10:30.
100 Contra Costa Water .. 60 00
20 Oakland Gas so oo
Street—
60 Alaska Packers' Association '" 50
10 do do ... 93 62^i
$4000 Edison L. & P Bonds .. .".'...'.'.'.. ...123 TO
100 Hutchinson S P Co.. .. 39 75
125 Mutual Electric Light ....... 15 50
106 Oakland Gas ; MM
35 8 v Gas & Electric Co .. ' ........■■ 9* ''■
a Spring Valley Water *'* ST H:
{2:.. coo S F & N " p Ry Bonds" "' 104 so
AFTERNOON' SESSION.
610 Hutchinson S P Co ... 39 "5
JICOO Market-st Ry Con 'Bond's is.'s 30. ...114 00
00 Mutual Electric Light 15 - : >
J2COO Northern Railway of Cal 5s 80nd5.. 102 00
20 S F Gas A Electric 9* 71
60 do do s3 HC<,i
45 do -do 94 621*
45 Spring Valley Water '■■■' s7l =
BOVleorlt Powder 3 73
NOMINATIONS CONFIRMED.
Henry D. Pritchett to Be Superintendent of
the Coast and Geodetic Survey.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
Aulick Palmer to be marshal for the
District of Columbia.
To be United States Consuls: John
C. Billzheimer of Indiana at Zanzibar;
I^. B. Myers of Indiana at St. John. X.
B.; G. L. Darte of Pennsylvania at
Martinique, West Indies.
Henry D. Pritchett of Missouri sup
erintendent of the United States coast
and geodetic survey; A. C. Tonner of
Canton, Ohio, assistant commissioner
of Indian affairs; T. B. Needles of
Nashville, II!.. a commissioner to nego
tiate with the Indians of the Cherokee,
Choctaw. Chkkasaw. Muskogee or
Cree and Seminole nations; A. J. Dun
can of Cleveland, Ohio, to be an Indian
inspector; F. O. Getchell, Indian agent
at Devil's Lake agency, N. D.; T. J.
Bufort. Indian apent at Silentza
agency, Ore.: D. H. George, Indian
agent at Green Bay agency, Wis.; J. H.
Sutherland, Indian agent at White
Earth agency, Minn.
TRAFFIC MANAGER
GRAY IS DEAD
The Southern Pacific Loses
Another of Its Trusted
Officers.
From a Freight Clerk to the Head of
the Traffic Management by
Gradual Strides.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany has lost another of its trusted of
ficers in the death of Richard Gray,
the traffic manager of the road, who
died at his late residence. 236 San Jose
avenue, yesterday forenoon. Richard
Gray was born in Ireland in 1544 and
was consequently 53 years of age at
the time of his death. His first con
nection with railroading was in the
freighting department of the Chicago
and Northwestern road in Wisconsin.
Having Berved at this place for a few
years he was promoted to a more re
sponsible position at Cedar Rapids, in
lowa. From there he became cashier
at Council Bluffs of the same road.
In 1872 he came to California as the
representative of the Inter-Union
freight line and in 1&73 he became con
nected with the Southern Pacific Com
pany, taking the position of chief clerk
in the freight department. From this
place he was promoted to the position
of assistant freight agent and in 1883
was again further promoted by being
made general freight agent, which po»
sition he held until ISS9, when he suc
ceeded to the position of general traffic
manager on the promotion of Mr.
Stubbs to be third vice-president of the
road. This position Mr. Gray held up
to within a few months of his death.
Although a sufferer for the past eight
years, he attended to his duties until
the end of last September, when he was
compelled to remain at home. His suf
fering and death was the result of
paralysis.
In life he was of a retiring and mod
est disposition, kind to those under him
and courteous to the public having
business with his department. He
leaves a widow and thrpe children, a
son and two daughters, all grown.
While he had not accumulated great
wealth, he left an estate sufficient to
maintain his family in comfort.
The funeral will take place from the
residence, 23fi Pan Jose avenue, on next
Sunday. Interment will be at San
Rafael, where the family has a plat in
the cemetery.
CAPTAIN EDE'S
BIG PURCHASE
He Pays $132,000 for Property
on Powell and Ellis
Streets.
Only Three Days' Negotiation Re
quired—A. M. Speck A Co.
the Agents.
One of the most Important sales of
business property occurring In this city
for some time is that of the five-story
and basement building on the south
west corner of Powell and Ellis streets,
which took place yeterday afternoon.
The sale was made by the Auzerais es-
tate, and the structure was purchased
by Captain William Ede, the price be
ing $152,000. A. M. Speck & Co. acted
as the brokers in the transaction.
The property fronts 48 feet on Powell
street and 75 on Ellis. The lower story
is occupied by Pein Brothers' saloon
and the La Grande laundry. The up
per floors are leased to Dr. McDonald
for $300 a month and rented by him
for offices to professional men. The
lease will expire March 1, but Dr. Mc-
Donald has the privilege of taking an
other lease at an advance of $50.
The contract for this property was
giv«n in January, 1890, and about one
year was required to build it, the cost
being over $70,000.
Captain Ede, the buyer, owns another
piece of property fronting 76 feet on
Market street, next the Phelan build
ing. This latest purchase is merely in
the nature of an investment. The
building yields a monthly rental of
$760. and pays about 5 per cent net in
terest on the cost.
The property was offered at auction
last summer by Baldwin & Howell, but
at that time the highest bid obtainable
was $142,000. . This sale was consum
mated In three days, one of the quick
est on record. P. F. Nolan, the shoe
merchant, has been trying to negotiate
the purchase, and had an option of a
week. It was a pure cash sale, and the
property Is incumbered by no xnort
£aees - - - ■
San Francisco Athletic Club.
i The Ban Francisco Athletic Club elect
! Ed the following officers at a recent meet-
I in*: President, Alexander Greggains;
vice-president, E. Turner; financial sec
retary, F. McConnell; treasurer, J.
Schuler.
At the monthly exhibition of boxing
and wrestling which will take place on
the 13th inst.— that Is if nothing unfor
seen happens to prevent it— Young Shar
key of the San Francisco Club will box
! four rounds with Nick Aronson for a
I special medal.
THE SAX IKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXUAIIY 8, 3 SOS.
RESULT OF
WATER FIGHTS
Vast Amount of Money
Saved by the Keen
Competition.
Figures Show the Great Cut
Into the Old-Time
Incomes.
Interest in the Reports That Must Be
on Record Before the Month
Closes.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 7.
Before the last day of this month the
water companies of this city must file
their annual statements, and there is
considerable speculation as to the iiv
come each has received during the past
year. There has been a vigorous cut
ting of rates, below the schedule fixed
by the City Council.
At different periods each companyhas
stated its determination to keep in the
fight to the finish, but each month it
has been apparent that no practical in
vestor could consent to keen up the
ruinous competition, lowever, there
has been no change up to this date, and
the Council, next month must com
mence to fix the rates for the ensuing
year upon the data furnished by the
two companies.
The annual statements on file at the
City Hall show better than anything
else the amount of benefit this city has
received by active competition in the
supply of water. Nearly three years
ago the competition between the Con
tra Costa and the Oakland Water com
panies commenced, and. the income of
the new company, according to the re
port filed in January. 1596, was $90,641.
Last year's report showed receipts of
$99,620.
The Contra Costa Company filed a
report In 1882 showing receipts of $199,
832. This amount gradually grew un
til the present competition, which has
reduced the income of the old company
to one-third of what it was in 1894.
The reports show the following fig
ures: For the year 1594, $407,926; for
the year 1895. $r.37.370; for the year 1896,
$183,736; for the year 1897. $142,718.
Another table shows the exact de
crease in the amount paid by the city,
which it must be borne in mind has
pm\yn very rapidly during the past
eight years, for its water supply.
In 1895, which report represents the
work of 1894. the Contra Costa alone
received $337,370. In 1896 the report filed
by both companies showed total re
ceipts of $274,337, and the reports filed
last year show a total income of both
companies of $242,338. The difference
between the total income of both com
panies last year {md the income of the
old company in 1894 is $165,588.
The companies do not as a rule file
their statements until the last day al
lowed by law. January 31. but it is
predicted that the income of both com
panies will show a decrease over last
year's figures, while the total number
of patrons will be considerably in
creased and differently distributed.
In an Interview to-day President
Dingee of the new water company said
there has not been any agreement be
tween the two companies, but they had
practically come to an understanding
to charge the full rates allowed by the
City Council. «
AT THE FRIDAY
NIGHT COTILLON
Borel Ball and Miss Attic
Murphy's Fancy Dress
Cotillon Announced .
There was the usual largo and fash
ionable gathering at the meeting of
the . Friday Nights at Native Sons'
Hall last evening.
It was the second cotillion and third
meeting of the club, and, like the pre
ceding affairs, was an unqualified suc
cess.
Each meeting of the Friday Nights
sees Native Sons' Hall adorned in a
particularly bright and novel fashion,
and last evening was no exception to
the rule.
Green and white were the prevailing
shades. Festoons of green and green
and white bunting hid the balcony rail
and draped the long bare walls.
From the center of the ceiling was
suspended a huge Japanese umbrella,
and at regular Intervals were swung
Inverted umbrellas of brilliant hue and
gaily colored lanterns filled with deli
cate brakes and ferns. The stage was
banked with giant palms that formed
a screen for the musicians.
As usual, Mr. Greenway led. He was
assisted by Miss Helen Hopkins. The
three leading couples In the first set
were- Miss Caro Crockett and Percy
Hayne, Miss Theresa Morgan and
Walter Martin. Miss Edna Hopkins
and Harry Poett.
Four figures were danced, the lead
ers, to the satisfaction of all, introduc
ing none but old and well-tried favor
ites.
Those present last evening were:
Miss Ayres and Mr. Broderick, Miss
Muriel Atherton and Mr. King. Miss Ba
con and Mr. Crowell, Miss Leontlne
Blnkeman and Mr. Fernald, Miss Alice
Borel and Mr. Robbing. ..liss Sophie Bo
rel and Mr. Lewis, Miss Bertie Bruce and
Mr. Dutton, Miss Gertie Carroll and Mr
de Long, Miss Caro Crockett and Mr
Haynes. Miss Cadwalader and Mr Van
Winkle, Miss Delia Davidson and Mr
Holladay, Miss Frances Curry and Mr
McAfee, Miss Sarah Collier and Mr'
Rathbone, Miss Bernle Drown and Mr
Romerß, Miss Jane Dunn and Mr. Owen
Miss Pauline Dunn and Mr. Cotton. Miss
Charlotte EUinwood and Mr. Wilenx
Miss Lilllo Follis and Mr. Russell. Miss
Helen Hopkins and Mr. Greenway Miss
Edna Hopkins and Mr. Poett. Miss May
Hoffman and Mr. Berry. Miss Alice Hoff
man and Mr. Greenwood. Miss Margue
rite Jol'.iffe and Mr. Carr. Miss Kth.-l
Keeney and Mr. Kilhurn. Mrs. McNear
and Mr. Dibble. Miss Mai Moody and Mr
Duperu. Miss Eva Moody and Mr Wat
son. Miss Marie Messor "and Mr. Dibblo
Miss May Morgan an<l Mr. Martin Miss
Alire Mofflt and Mr. Veeder. Miss' Att'ie
Murphy and Mr. Grace, Miss Marie Oce
and Mr. Pringle. Miss Ethel Patton and
Mr. de Haven. Miss Gertie Palmer and
Mr. Smith. Miss Grace Sanborn and Mr
Baker, Miss Helen Smith and Mr Me-
Cully, Miss Florence Stone and Mr. Prin
ele. Miss Mollie Thomas and Mr bee
Miss Helen Thomas and Mr. Jackson'
Mis^s H<^en Thornton and Mr. Dutton'
Miss Romle Wallace and Mr. Banhorn'
Miss Helen Wagner and Mr. Tobin MK4
Marie Wells and Mr. Clement, Miss Daisy
Van Ness and Mr. Wiltsee.
Mr. and Mrs. S. G. Murphy will give
a fancy dress cotillion on Friday even-
Ing, February 4, at the Maple Hall,
Palace Hotel. The ball Is in honor of
their debutante daughter, Miss Attle
Murphy.
Mrs. Antonio Borel has arranged to
give a ball on Thursday evening. Jan
uary 20, at Native Sons' Hall in honor
of her daughters. th<» Misses Borel.
Several hundred invitations will be is
sued for the occasion.
FERRY DEPOT BUILDING.
Home Production to Be Used in the
Finishing of Structure.
The San Francisco Trades Council,
through its committee appointed at a
recent meeting, waited on the Harbor
ComialFsioners and urged that body to
have none but California production
used in the finishing of the building.
In this the committee was successful,
and so reported at tho meeting Thurs
day nislu. The intelligence was re
ceived will', much j..y by the members
of tlu- council, who considered it a
great victory^ inasmuch as the con
tract was about to be let to an East
ern firm for the marble necessary to
finish the building.
The question of the proposed charter
about to be made for the city by free
holders elected was under discussion
by the council, and it was finally de
cided to f<>-m a convention, represent
ed by every branch of labor in the
city.
To this end it was proposed to have
delegates elected from the various la
bor unions, which will, when qualified,
sit as a convention and adopt such
measures as will be beneficial to unit
ed labor, and submit thp same to the
freeholders, to be incorporated in the
laws to govern this city in the future.
Should Ihe claims so presented be ig
nored, then it may be presumed that
the unions will oppose the adoption of
the charter when it comes up for adop
tion. It is almost certain that civil
service laws will not be one of the rec
ommendations submitted by the labor
convention, as this branch of the bone
and sinew of the people are not favor
able to an aristocratic office-holding
class to the exclusion of all comers.
VIGOROUS BLOOD
FOR WANING LIFE
Interesting Lecture by Dr. L.
C. Lane on "Trans
fusion."
A Branch of Science Which Promises
to Become of Inestimable Bene
fit to Mnnklnd.
The Initial lecture in the eighth an
nual course of the Lane lectures at the
Cooper Medical College was delivered
last night by Dr. L. C. Lane, the theme
being "Transfusion."
The audience, while not large, was
thoroughly appreciative, the speaker
commanding its rapt attention
throughout his dissertation.
The lecturer was introduced by Dr.
Henry Gibbons Jr., dean of the col
lege.
.By "transfusion of blood," the
speaker stated, is meant the transfer
ence of blood from one animal to an
other of the same species; from an ani
mal of one genus to that of a different
one; from an animal to man or from
man to man.
The first mention of such an opera
tion is found in one of the old Greek
tragedies, in which the sorceress
Medea proposed to her daughter to
save the life of the latter's father by
transfusing him with her maiden
blood. This Is rrerely a poetical tradi
tion, and it is entirely uncertain
whether such an effort were made.
The first historical record of trans
fuU>n accomplished was its trial In the
case of Pope Innocent VII, who had
fallen ill with a disease characterized
by profound lethargy. All medical
tneans having failed to restore the Pon
tiff, a Jewish physician proposed to
transfuse him with y,.ung blood. This
was done by passing the blood of the
Pope Into the veins of a young man.
while that of the latter was transferred j
to the Pontiff. Three experiments «.f
this kind were made, all failing to re
vive the Pope, who died within a few
days. The three young men perished al
most immediately— presumably through
the introduction of air into their veins.
The unfortunate results of this ex
periment operated to prevent further
essay in this matter for nearly two cen
turies. The operation was then tried
in England about the time of the dis
covery by Harvey of the circulation of
blood— l62B. It was believed that by
transference of young blood into the
vessels of an old man the latter could
be rejuvenated. .
This operation has been found use
ful to mankind in resuscitation of those
who have nearly died through loss of
blood, and In a great number of cases
it has proved efficient for this purpose.
The process may also be used for re
■Utitation after asphyxiation from il
luminating gas. This theory was sup*
eessfully worked out by the . savant '
Claude Bernard, whom the speaker had '
seen nearly destroy the life of dogs, I
and then, withdrawing from them a
large part of their blood and replacing
It with the pure blood of other dogs, !
bring the animals to quick recovery, |
little the worse for the treatment.
ft is probable, the speaker averred, j
that many persons found in an asphyx- j
iated condition might easily be saved j
by this means, and he suggested that ■
in the interests not of science alone, but
of humanity as well, the large
contingent of worthless dogs be drawn
upon for material for the operator bent
upon solving the problems yet to be j
worked out in this vitally irm>ortant
field of scientific research.
FIRST FRUITS RIPEN.
Good WorK Being Done by the
Alaska Trade Committee.
Governor Sheakley writes to the
Alaska Trade Committee from Chicago
that his office is now in full running
order and is daily visited by crowds of
prospective Yukoners, who are fur
nished with all the information which
will aid them to make a judicious se
lection of outfits and routes.
The committee Is actively engaged
In soliciting subscriptions and expects
to have a large number sent In within
the next few days. Several firms In
the city have signified their willing
ness to double their subscriptions, as
the benefit they are deriving from the
committee's work more than pays
them for the small outlay they have
made in subscriptions. The work is
being extensively advertised in the
East and the number of letters re
ceived and persons registered amount
ed to fifty-two yesterday, which was
one of the quiet dayß in the way of
registration, but the attendance at the
exhibit has not fallen off.
The following subscriptions were re
ceived yesterday at the ferry, office of
the committee: Del Monte Milling
Company $10, California and North
west Trading and Mining Company
$20, American Type Founders Com
pany $25, Blake, Moffitt & Towne $25,
Carson Glove Company $25.
Young People Entertain at the Y. M. C. A.
The evening given by the Young Peo
ple's Society of St.^ Luke's Church was a
decided suc-cpks. It was given to bring
the young folks together and to entertain
the young men. It succeeded In doing
both, the parlors of the Y. M. C. A. were
crowded and the merry making lasted
until a late hour.
HER BABY
GOT POISON
Gertrude Ferguson Took
Too Much of Her .
Medicine.
Luckily She Lived Very Near
to the Receiving
Hospital.
During Her Mother's Absence the Lit
tle One Procured a Deadly
Draught.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 7.
A bright little girl twenty months old
was taken to the Receiving Hospital
this morning by her mother and re
lieved of two ounces of a poisonous
mixture which she had drunk.
Mrs. Ferguson, who lives at Third
and Harrison streets, left her bedroom
this morning to go into the kitchen to
prepare breakfast. Her baby Gertrude
was asleep, but soon after the mother's
departure the little one awoke, and,
seeing a bottle of cough balsam on the
bureau, she took it up and drank its
contents.
The mother heard the child cough-
Ing, and. going to the room, at once
saw the nature of the trouble. Know
ing that the dose of the mixture for a
child is but five drops, Mrs. Ferguson
quickly carried the child to the Receiv
ing Hospital, which fortunately was
only two blocks away. Dr. Stratton.
by the use of the stomach pump, was
able to save the baby's life, and when
it was sufficiently recovered to speak
little Gertrude told her mother that,
seeing the bottle and liking the taste
of the medicine, she had taken ad
vantage of her opportunity to drink all
she desired.
MARTHA NACKEL'S STORY.
She Accuses tier Stepfather of
Having Crirr)ir)ally As
saulted Vier.
H. Oloff, engineer at the Olympic
Club Pumping Works, was arrested
last night on a warrant from Police
Court 4, charging him with making a
criminal assault on Martha Nackel, his
stepdaughter. The latter is 17 years of
age. According to her sworn state
ment, her father took her out to the
Cliff House several weeks ago, and,
placing a revolver to her head, fright
ened and assaulted her. Oloff denied
the story told by the girl, and says hp
will be able to prove his innocence at
the proper time.
Several months ago the prisoner's ac
cuser attempted to commit suicide by
throwing herself in the surf at the Cliff
House. She was rescued by one of the
life-saving crew, and sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital. At that time she de
clared that her Btepfather's treatment
of her impelled her to take the rash
step. Subsequently Oloff had her sent
to the Girls" Training School as being
incorrigible. She was released only a
few days before the alleged assault oc
curred.
NEWMAN WANTS
A FANCY PRICE
Unwilling to Sell His Leas© of
His Property in the Blythe
Block.
Th« New York Life Insurance Com
pany Wants to Purchase
and Build.
The New York Life Insurance Com
pany is negotiating for the purchase
from the Blythe estate of the Gore
corner of Market, Geary and Kearny
streets. The company is anxious to se
cure the strip of land running back
from the corner to the building former
ly occupied by the Golden Rule Bazaar.
In the event of the property being se
cured, the company will erect a large
building which will be in keeping with
the structures on the opposite corners.
The only thing that prevents a sale
of the property is that Charles New
man, proprietor of the Richelieu saloon,
holds a lease of the property on the
gore corner. The occupants of the
stores on the Market street side, have
no leases and remain there subject to
notice to remove at any time.
Newman's lease of the saloon prop
erty will not expire for over four years
and he wants a fancy price for surren
dering it. An offer of $40,000 has been
made to him for the lease, but he says
he will not sell at less than $75,000.
"It is a good-paying corner," said
Newman last night, "and I will not
surrender my lease unless I am paid
what I think it is reasonably worth.
The insurance company has offered
me $40,000 to vacate, with the privilege
of having first choice of the stores in
the new building. I believe that the
corner will net me more than that
during the next four years, and I do
not Intend selling out at a sacrifice. I
am content to remain where I am
unless the intending buyers meet my
figure. I will not sell the lease I hold
for less than $75,000. If the Insurance
company agents want to pay that
amount the lease is at their command.
If they do not I will remain where I
am, for I believe that the business at
the corner during the next four years
will be worth fully that amount to
me."
Y. W. C. fi. Officers Elected.
At the twentieth annual meeting of the
Young Women's Christian Association,
held yesterday, the following officers were
elected: Mrs. P. D. Brown, hon. presi
dent; Mrs. L. C. Redington. Hon. presi
dent: president, Mrs. W. O. Gould; first
vice-president, Mrs. George M. Prescott;
second vice-president. Mrs. J. P. Merrill;
third vice-president, Mrs. M. P. Jones;
fourth vice-president. Mrs. H. J. Sadler;
recording secretary, Miss H. Van "Winkle;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. George
Thurston; treasurer, Mrs. I. H. Morse;
directors, Mrs. L. C. Redington. Mrs. W.
O. Gould. Mrs. G. W. Prescott, Mrs. J. F.
Merrill, Mrs. M. P. Jones. Mrs. H. J. Sad
ler, Mrs. A. R. Baldwin, Mrs. N. G.
Kittle. Mrs. George P. Thurston, Miss H.
Van Winkle. Mr*. I. H. Morse; managers,
Mrs. J. L. Mart ol. Mrs. P. A. Ijams, Mrs.
M. Godley. Miss M. Scott. Mrs. J. A. de
Grayer, Mrs. W. 11. Crocker, Mrs. L. P.
Tuggle. Mrs. I. S. Van Winkle, Mrs. Will
lam Gunn. Mrs. J. A. Flllmore, Mrs 11.
1,. Reed, Mrs. M. J. McDonald, Miss Mary
Farquarson. Mrs. Wendell Easton. Mrs.
B. M. Gunn, Miss M. Berry, Mrs. J.
Spruance, Miss Alice Crane, Mrs. W. c
Pond. Mrs. J. llemphlU, Mrs. Leopold
Algeltinger, Mrs. J. A. Cruzan; trustees-
William E. Brown (chairman), J. F. Mer
rill. C. S. V. Glbbs. A. B. Forbes, E. B.
Pond, W. F. Whittier, George \V. Pres
cott.
A JUMP IN PASSENGER RATES.
The Fare Between This City and
Portland to Be Increased.
Commencing on the 20th of this
month the new passenger rate between
San Francisco and Portland will go
into effect.
The first class railroad passage be
tween the points named, including a
berth in the Pullman, will be $25, sub
ject to a rebate of $8 on arrival at the
terminal points of Sacramento, San
Francisco or Portland, as the case may
be.
The second class fare, including berth
in a tourist sleeper, will be $16. with a
rebate of $5 on arriving at destination.
This will make a through rate of $17
net first class and $11 net second class,
as against the rates at present existing
of $10 and $5.
The passage by water will also come
higher as the cabin fare is to be raised
from $o to $12 and the steerage from
$2 50 to $S.
Th^s action by the railroad and
steamship officials has been some time
under consideration, but was deferred
until the conditions of travel would
warrant it.
To-Day f « News Letter
Is full of interesting matter. The Crier
plays the devil with several citizens, pre
tentious and otherwise; the Looker-on
gives the latest stories of clubdom; Pleas
ure's Wnnd relates the doings of the
playhouses and criticizes the players;
Sparks reviews the foibles and frivolities
of certain people. Finished book reviews,
pungent editorials on pertinent topics and
stories and miscellaneous matter, bright
and sparkling, make up a journal of
weekly news of exceptional Interest, and
all for 10 cents.
DON RAY TO
TAKE HIS SEAT
The New Prison Director Will
Succeed E. J. DePue
To- Day.
Something About the Latest Addition
to the Board— Politics of
Members.
There will be a change In the per
sonnel of the State Board of Prison Di
rectors after the regular monthly
meeting at San Quentin to-day. Direc
tor E. J. DePue will vacate his chair
and give way to Don Ray, who was ap
pointed by Governor Budd during the
last session of the State Legislature,
which body confirmed the appointment
at that time.
The new director is one of the firm
of Whittaker & Ray of San Francisco,
and also has large property interests
about Gait, where he makes his home.
Although Mr. Ray is soon to become a
member of the Board of Prison Direc
tors, the other members of that body
have not the honor of his acquaint
ance, and will meet him for the first
time at the meeting to be held at Fol
scm on the 15th of the present month.
There is considerable speculation as
to what changes the board will make
when Don Ray becomes a member.
The board is at present a Republican
body, but with DePue's retirement and
Ray's ascendency, its complexion will
be Democratic.
The Prison Directors state that noth
ing in regard to the future acts of the
board has been discussed by them,
and when Mr. Ray takes his place as
one of their body that it will be time
enough then to consider the future.
The Democratic members of the new
board will be Wilklns, Fitzgerald and
Ray, and the Republicans Hayes and
Devlin.
ABOUT TO INCORPORATE.
The Labor Bureau Association Dls-
cussing tfoe Situation.
At a meting of the Labor Bureau
Association Thursday night the ques
tion of incorporating the association
was discussed at considerable length.
The majority of the members present
seemed to favor the idea, while a mi
nority were opposed on the ground
that it would open the door to all
manner of petty lawsuits, which would
involve no end of litigation and bring
the individual members into suits in
the courts over which they had no part
in bringing about. In consequence of
this opposition and the further fact
that a full representation of the mem
bers was not present the subject went
over to the next regular monthly meet
ing in February.
GLADYS GOT
GOLDEN BALM
Miss Wallis' Judgment Against
Frawley et al. Paid
in Full.
End of a Suit That Might Have
Been a Sensational
One.
Gladys Wallis has received golden i
balm for the feelings that were Injured
when she was discharged by Mr. Fraw- !
ley, of the company that bears his
name, in Portland last year.
In fact, Messrs, Frawley, Friedland
er, Marks, Gottldb, etc., and et al., who
were the defendants in the suit, have
capitulated to Gladys. Not to her
charms, to be sure, though they are
considered great, but to the legal bat
teries that she brought to bear when
she went to law with them.
A check for $115 75, being the amount
sued for by Miss Wallis, together with
costs, was paid to Clerk Williams of
the Justice Court yesterday and was
received by Attorney Kowalsky as the
representative of Miss Wallis.
The trouble between the charming
ingenue and the theatrical managers
dates back to October of last year,
when she was engaged by Mr. Frawley
at a salary of $110 per week.
Later she signed with the Tivoll for
$120 per week and had great difficulty
in getting out of the latter contract
when the Frawley management ob
jected to losing her services. In Port
land Mr. Frawley accused her of being
a disturber of the peace and discipline
of the company and dispensed with her
services.
The Wallis pride was hurt as well as
the Wallis pocket, and on her return
to this city she sued. No defense was
made and she recovered her full judg
ment. ,
This Weeks Wasp.
This week's Issue of the Wasp Is not
only handsome typographically but Is a
most readable publication. The vacancy
existing lii the Board of Railroad Com
missioners is made the subject of a very
clever cartoon, as is the complications in
the Orient. The editorials, particularly
those dealing with local and State char
acters, are pointed and most interesting.
The various departments show care in
preparation. The smart set are enter
tainingly written up. and tho professional
fakers are given some tellinp stinps in
the X ray column. The Wasp shows a
marked improvement, and with its splen
did pictorial features leads the weekly
field.
ALL AGAINST
POOL SELLING
Supervisor Rivers' New Ordi
nance Favored by the
Committee.
The Plumbing Ordinance Will B«
Recommended for Passage
on Monday.
The Health and Polire Committee of
the Board of Supervisors considered a
number of important matters yester
day, and decided to make several rec
ommendations to the board at its meet
ing on Mc-nday.
Supervisor Rivers' ordinance prohib
iting the selling of pools or the con
ducting of a bookmaking business
within the confines of the city and
county was approved unanimously, and
will be sent to the board fo-r passage.
It is intended to take the place of the
ordinance now oA the books, and if car
ried by the full board will close the
Ingleside track and prevent all but pri
vate betting on pugilistic events.
Supervisor Haskins suggested that it
be sent to the city and county attor
ney and the official's opinion asked as
to its constitutionality, but Clerk Rus
sell informed the committee that the
courts had upheld similar measures and
would probably do so in this case.
A favorable report will also be ren
dered on the ordinance prepared by the
Board of Health making it a misde
meanor to repaper walls without first
scraping off the old material and
cleansing the walls.
The entire afternoon was spent in the
consideration of the plumbing or
dinance recently prepared by the Board
of Health.
A number of real estate agents were
present to make objections to the form
of the ordinance, claiming that as pro
posed by the health authorities it gave
too much arbitrary .power to the offi
cials of the department, who condemn
the sanitary arrangements of almost
any building and order them replaced
at large expense.
The ordinance was gone over at
length, and expert testimony taken re
garding the necessity of changing the
entire plumbing of a building when an
addition was made to the structure. It
was ascertained by comparison that
the proposed order is but little different
than the one that was passed some
years ago, but not enforced.
With a few modifications the com
mittee decided to favor the order.
Granted a Divorce.
Edith Perez was yesterday granted a
divorce from her husband, Thomas N.
Perez, on the ground of cruelty.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Friday, Jan. 7.
Nor Btmr Peter Jebsen, Klausen, for N»
nalmo.
Stmr Jennie, Roller, for Coqullle River.
ARRIVED. ■•
Friday, Jan. 7.
Schr Golden Shore. Rassmussen. 32 days from
Hakodate: 13,670 mats sulphur to American
Trading Co.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625hEAR>Y^,T. Established
in 1 85* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease w earing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
|Cnrf«eoaruntrrd. Callorwrite.
Pr. .1. t\ <.IBBO\, Boat 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf >&aSL
San Francisco, as follows: sS&sSsZ
For ports In Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1, 6, 11, 18,
21, 28. 31. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Bend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Vhatcom (Bellingham Bay. Wash.). 9
a. m., Jan. 1, 6. 11, 16, 21, 26, 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), . steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1. 5. 10, 14, IS, 22, 26. 31,
Feb. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20, 23. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a.m.. Jan. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21. 23, 29,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stepping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Jan. 3, 7, 11, 13, 19, 23, 27, 31, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan ; Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
2d of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of salliner.
lIOKEI 1 OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
. From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FADF $ 5 First Class Including Berth
TAHC $2.50 2d Class a »d Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. S. 13. 23
Columbia Dec. 29, Jan. 8, 18. 23
Through tickets and through baggag'j to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
V;.; ■ ■->!',- ■ Superintendents.
fMWMBIIfI Tha S.S. MOANA
jahHiilC pailsi via honolu-
fc * LU and AUCKLAND
W™^ . for SYDNEY. Satur-
c±±s L* A day, Jan. 8, at 10 p. m.
rtMHIRSnIDd S.S. AUSTRALIA.
GJIWIIUIIIV or HONOLULU only
(ofnD3RU* Tuesday. Jan. , 25. at
\viiifs\ii*«) j p m _ Mpecla i party
rates j
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Franciaca.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier mew), ii North » ~j> T
1 River, foot of I "orton »t. Travelers «C~T(TTT\
by this line avoid both transit by™""" l ''™
English railway, and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In ' a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $160.
I second class $116.
| LA BRETAGNE December 11, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December 18. 10 a. m.
i LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
1 LA CHAMPAGNE January 1, 10 a. m,
LA BRETAGNE January 8, 10 a. at
, For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTTGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
i are.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
>-.-'•-.•■■> p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED Ll' TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
Ing through freight rates to all points on the
Valley Railroad. . ■
• • STEAMERS:
I T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Moriticello."
Hon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at.....*.....
»:4'> a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays... 1 p. m., 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and — Mission Dock, Pier 2.
....' . Telephone . Green SSI.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
: • Steamer* Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviao daily (Saturdays
I exempted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San ■ Francisco and Alviso. 50c:
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
I First street, San Jose.
1112
THE WINNERS
HARD TO PICK
Harry Thoburn the OrlTy
Winning Choice at
Ingleside.
Catawba Defeated a Smart
Field of Three- Year-
Olds.
Collins Scampered In at Long Odds.
Fred Gardner Was a Sweet
13 to 1 Shot.
Backers of the short-priced horses in
the betting experience** a delightful af
ternoon of it at Ingleside yesterday. Of
the six favorites sent into the starter's
hands, one, Harry Thoburn, returned
with the coin, and he managed to get
the best of a bad entanglement at the
barrier. Long shot after long shot
whisked by the wire in front, and $10
parleyed would have made the fortun
ate investor a bloated bondholder.
By Holly, the veteran horseman, was
at himself again, and in the opening
seven-furlong event gave the ring quite
a Jolting with old Fn-d Gardner. The
chestnut horse was as good as 20 to 1
In the betting, and leading his field from
the start won hard ridden from the
weakly ridden 2 to 1 favorite, Charles
A. Nonchalance, with Golden up, was
also a late comer, taking the show.
The six-furlong event following re
sulted in another d^ump for followers
of the favorite. Hardly, carrying Tom
Griffin's colors. She was unable to
shake off the 12 to 1 shot, Catawba, and
at the wire was led out a length. High
land Ball was a poor third. The winner
was cleverly ridden by little McNich
ols.
Dr. Rowell's brown gelding, Collins,
warmed up in his preliminary like a
two-year-old and turned the trick
very nicely in the mile selling affair.
The ring laid 10 to 1 against his
chances. Gray kept him well up to the
leaders during the early stages of the
running, and then passing Benamela
turning into the stretch won in clever
fashion from the 9 to 10 choice, Schil
ler, with Willie Martin up. Benamela,
the second choice, was third.
Charley Finks good horse News
gatherer came out after an enforced
retirement of two months in the fourth
event, over seven furlongs, and a trifle
short, was beaten out by Mercutlo, the
second choice. Newsgatherer opened
in the betting at 3 to 5, but was
looked upon as such a cfnch that his
price rapidly fell to 11 to 20. The win
ner and the first choice made all the
running, but the former, better sea
soned, outstayed the favorite and won
out by a neck. Alma, with Thorpe in
the saddle, was a fair third.
On his third trip this week Harry
Thoburn finally took a race. He was
the good thing for the fifth event, a
seven-furlong selling run, and pound
ed down from twos to 6 to 5 got away
in front and had only to gallop to win
easing up. from Jack Martin, a 15 to 1
shot. As the barrier was released one
of the starters caught the webbing in
some way and the winner and Peril
were the only ones that got away
from the post in any sort- of shape
Lena drifted into the show.
An exceedingly warm one was re
leased in the last race of the day Lin
stock, from the stable of Willie Apple
gate, was touted about as a "can't
lose. " A few of the books laid 4 to 1
against the colt opening, but were
speeaily compelled to rub to 6 to 5
Although he ran a good race the
youngster was unable to catch the 10
to 1 chance. Morinel, in the run to th*
wire, and in a hard drive was downed
a head. La Goleta, the second choice
In! fhen d" ii rr ° nt fnr a Panel or *£
and then died away.
Track Items.
Atkin & LottrMge lost Double Quick on
Thursday, but they ailed up the vacant ,taU
yesterday. V.'nen Harry Th.hum wontoe fifth
Aside from the J7OO whi, h goes to the first
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
P A £f F thL < wJ A , ST iP CK < EV CLUB— lngleslde Track — Fifty-ninth day
Track mudd Meeting:. Friday, January 7. 1898. Weather fine.
98.
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. J350.
index. Horses Weight. [St. «m.
777 Fred Gardner, a...;i10 6 12 1?
390 Charles A. a ]0 7 2 3 IV4 3 n
3,3 Nonchalance, 4 10713 625 Dn
(354) Triumph, a 11l 1 2 n 2 3
373 Draught, 4 104 5 5 V, 4U
389 Twinkle Twink, 4. .1021 4 4h 6 30
383 Attlcus, 4 104 j 7 7 7
%m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. ;
Th lh 1 % Pipgott 77777
8 h 4 2 2 % Spencer
4 h • 31 3 5 Golden
234 2 2 4 n Thorpe
5 5 5 l'-i 6 20 ! Jones
6 50 6 6 Morse
7 • IClawson !
10 10
• 4 >*• 2
2 7
i 4:■ ■ , 6
6 8
3 5
6 6
• Pulled up. "
wo?ss i tg£ a n - c - Holly 8 ch - h - by Luke
Blackburn-Enfilade.
i
Good
start.
'.
SECOND RACE-Slx furlongs; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $350.
Index. Horses. Weight. St."
346 Catawba. 3 . HHIil
363 Hardly. 3 M i
3.2 Highland Ball, 3... 114 6
• 389 I Don't Know, a..11 4
(360) Prince Tyrant. 3... 104 3
2*6 The Dipper. 3 104 1 8
(379) Einstein, 3 104 7
345 Hermoso. 3 1141 2
386 Carllst. 1 101 9
359 I Don't Xi
360) Prince Tyr
3R6 The Dipper
379) Elnstfln, 3
345 Hermoso, 3
386 Carll»t. .",..
Time. 1:17
three driving.
pui. a "- J m « ... 5h ■ 52 3 4 310 'Golden
n 7, & "J" * — *l 4si 4h 4h Morse .:::::
rant. 3... 04 3 ... 6h 850 7V t 614 R. Narvaez .
,' 3 J°* ! ... *JO 6M. 820 6 2 Jones
\ \Va I ■ '" 7 2 7 2 614 715 Thorpe....
3 »< 2 -. 2H 3 2-62 840 H. Brown..
1 101 i 9 ... 9 9 9 9 Whitman ...
Winner. Nell & Coney's eh. g. by Flambeau-Ellen. Good start.
Km.
3 n
l %
5 h ■
4 3
6 h
5 40
7 2
_1 H
%m.
2 h
1 V*
5 2
* Si
8 50
6 4
7 2
3 2 -
9
>tr. Fin. I Jockeyi |
2 2 11 McNicholsTT
l'h 2 2 Clawßon
4 310 Golden
t h 4 h Morse
! V t 6 14 R. Narvaez ..
i 20 6 2 Jones
5 14 7 15 'Thorpe .......
5 2 840 H. Brown ...
I 9 ! Whitman
.. 20 30
..6 7
.. 30 3-1
.. 20 15
4 9-2
.. 20 15
. . 100 300
Won first
00.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
inaex. norsea. » eiylit. St. Mm. %m. Km. Str. Fin. | Jockeys JOd CT
369 Collins, 6 102 3 3n 4U 3 2 2n — Orav — ! V"^.
Ispll » > ? f hte ill
J3BB)_Kaiser Ludwig._4,.lo7J 5 .14 2 6 2 1 I H4_jJ_ i?horpe^ Z . " g
Won 'cTe'veriy: Wlnn " r Dr ' H " E ' Rowell ' 8 br - «• by Inspector B-Piazza. Perfect start.
01.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs: four-year-olds; purse, $400.
Ir<'e> Horses. Weight. !St.
SS7 Mercutio 107 2
(80) Newsgatherer .1111 2
378 Alma 109] 1
273 Pleasanton 104 1 4V4 V
373 IjOS Troncos 1071 5
;.|!
2 ns
3 24
1 1
4 2,4
V.m.
2 h
1 h
3 24
4 24
6
%m.
2 4
2 h
3 4
4 3
5
Str.
1 n
2 14
3 »
4 5
5
Fin. I Jo;keyg. l
1 n IShlelds I
244 IW. Martin...
3 1; 'Thorp- i
4 SO • iMcNlchols ...
6 IQild^n '
1-5 11-20
8 C
40 50
60 300
Won'^tlhree^S: C ' "' Pfterß ' br " h - ** ImP - Martenhurst-ErnTstine."
i v m
Good start.
•
FIFTH n.\(i: Srven furlongs: selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse. $3507
Index. Horses. weight, |st.
335 Harry Thoburn, 4..104J 1
'-• Jack Martin. 5 114, 5
3'-o Lena, 4 102| 3
377 Peril, a 105 2
SS2 Hermanita, 6 105 4
190 Miss Prim. 4 ...102! 6
359 Btentor. 4 104 7
359 Pat Murphy, ...... iff! •
14 Hazard. 5 109| *
Urn.
1 2Vi
4 li
3 h
28
I 10
66
7
%m.
1 2
1 h
5 4
2 6
4 «i
« 10
T
_%m.
1 3
3 1
I 4^
4 24
6 15
7
Str. Fin. | Jockeys, j
■'. 1 « fi Thorpe "
3 t 2 14 Stevens
514 32^ Gray
2 ft- 4 2 Spencer
4 J!4 52 . Powell j
6 * .6 1' O'Connor ....
7 7 Morse '
'.••' .... Ciawson j
G. Wilson....
2
10
8
M
3
4
5
I
15
6-5
15
7
60
6
8
6
12
60
Timp. 1:304.
Won easily.
Winner. Karnshaw Bros. 1 b. g. by St. Cyr-Miss Goodrich.
Bad start.
408.
Index. H
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse. $600.
iorses. Weight. St. 4m. \m. Btr Fli
354 Morinel 104 3 24 22. lh 12 Th IMr Nichols To 7
... Linstock 109 1 3 5 314 3h 4T. 214 iW Mart in " 4 «.!
381 Los Prietos 10614 415 435 440 24 3 7 Golden i I
874 La Goleta 99 6 in In 224 3n 460 Claws™""" 6-5 8-5
253 Dr. Bernays ....1011 2 5 5 - 5 5 6 J. W00di....:^ go
Time. 1:444. Winner, M. Storn's b. f. by Morello-Sunllt. Good start.:. Won first three
driving. • . _ ,;*■*■■;
horse, the fortunate owner also sets a valuable
silver cup presented by the flrm of Shreve &
Co.
Following: are to-day's entries:
First Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; three
yoar-olds.
354 Irritator .' in 379 I** of York 11.122
403 Dr. Hernays ...107! 354 Glorias 117
(3st>> lmperious 114 : 356 Prestar Ud
3m> Texarkana 110 j ... Major Hooper
372 San Antonio ...117 for. Caddie 110
3*6 Formella 105 i
Second Race — Three-quarters of a mile; sell-
Ing-.
SS3 Myth 1031 400 Peril lor!
3-7 /.a mar II ma! 3R7 Lucky Dcx? 115
ISC Lost Girl I'M i 374 Martha II M
r3>4)O'Connetl Uo;<377)Ca»h Day.... 110
■ Third Race— -One and an eighth miles; sell
: In*
1 364 Souffle 1091 376 Personne 102
390 Charlie Rlefl ...103! 390 Little Cripple ..Mi
3-6 Arßt-ntina 105 j (3^) Perseus 105
(4uO)ColHns 105 1 400 Benamela Ml
Kourth Race — Hurdle handicap; one and a
half miles: over six hurdles.
324 Gov. Budd m MB Moults 128
365 Silverado 140! 3*S Tobey 125
S6S Mestor 1351 352 Viking 123
3fiS Esperance 130!
Fifth Race — One mile; Shreve Cup; value.
$1000.
363 Libertine 1171 381 rtrady no
357 Lucky Dog llfl! 393 Bliss Rucker ...104
(377)«'a«h Day 116 : 400 Schiller .._ 103
377 Rubicon 115; (MDTraveraer 102
3SI Tom Cromwell .114 CV>3)Tea Rose 111 100
359 Judge Denny ..114 31S Thelma #... 98
SSI Fleur de Li 5....113' 3.'.3 Morelllto ....... 97
SC7 Imp. Tripping.. 110
Sixth Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds.
310 Musculado 107; 337 Lady Ashley ...105
392 Dr. Marks 107 (392)Georce Lee 107
332 Bonita 105 392 Don Luis 107
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — San Antonio, Glorian, Imperious.
Second Race— Day, O'Connell. Lucky
Dog.
Third Race— Souffle, Argentina. Perseus.
Fourth Race— Viking, Silverado, Governor
Budd.
Fifth Race— Rubicon, Traverser, Cash Day.
Sixth Oeorge Lee, Don Luis, Dr.
Marks.
Will Be Given a Benefit.
A complimentary benefit will be ten
dered Isaac Benjamin by the entire
theatrical profession at B. B. Hall on
Friday evening, January 14. Benjamin
was the man who entered the lions' den
to be married and shortly after the cere
mony was injured by an explosion.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RT-PS HOI'SE.
A P Overton. 6 Rosa H C Richards. Callstga
W M Hlnin. Fowler W R Nard, Stktn
Miss H Herton. Or D Livingston. S Jose
Mrs I, E Grover & f. J Svano. Maxwell
Raymond F Evans. Maxwell
G Lutheny, Oakland E Voghatn. Maxwell
J R Miller. Healdsbg J H Martin, Woodland
F S Ooe, H»»al.lst)urK .1 Mulligan. Woodland
W J Hussey. Stktn 6 R Montgomery, L A
Miss 1- Russell. Chgo Mrs B Millrr. Healdbg
M Barney, Chicago J H Boots, Healdsburg
W Made, Fresno J li Klanty, S Jose
W E Sheeon. Fresno J Bende &w. Salt L
J J Vena. Fresno J O Evans. Salt Lake
B R IfcCabe, Marysvle H J Sntith, Sacto
A S Gilbert, Victoria G L Dally. Lakeport
A Anderson, Cal E Martell. Lakeport
W O Humi>y. Sltka D S Lighten. Lakeport
H A Emerson & w. Cal M Sallx. Stktn
C H Wilson & w, Or Oapt Thwin*. Stktn
F Conn, Big Pine J Jens. Belmont
A Robinson, Big Pine J Snook, Windfall
B Frend. R Bluff W C Snook. Windfall
J I) Robinson. S Jose D S Klnm^ss, Meridian
E Anderson, Reno L M Brown, Or
E J Nolan, city
PALACE HOTEL.
MII Oreenbaum, Ky B Wlllson, Winnipeg
L C Evans. Ohio Mrs Wlllson & nc. Ont
C I'rmey. San Jose C S Smith. Toronto
F .1 Carolan, Burlgme E E Sheppard. Toronto
G E Goodman Jr. Nap U' E Berirand, Mexco
Mrs P Cook. Rio Vista J C Wharton, Omaha
J E Pake. Duluth S M Prevost. N York
C A Davis, Puluth Mrs J C Wharton. Neb
S M Androus. Pomona Mrs H Smith. & md
H H Pitcher. Livprmre Miss Congreve
O Hogle. Sait I>ak.» Miss Carter
J E Mtehlen. Btanford H T Poind.'xter. P Alt
W R Aver. Portland F M MrFarland. P Alt
T W MrCauley. Chicgn S McNear. < >akland
H N Smith. New Fork Mrs S McNear. Oaklnd
Mrs W R Aver, Portl.l A J Levy. New York
Mrs T N McCauley. 11l Mrs A J Levy, N York
} W Bennett & s. Or
GRAND HOTEL.
B A Herrlngton. S Jos G y Wodoward.Statn I
F D Ryan. Sacto W T Scott. Ls Angeles
W Ltndgren & w. D C H W Joss. Palo Alto
F T Johnson. Sacto Mrs Joss. Palo Alto
L Straus, Stockton O J Lincoln. S Crux
H L West. Stockton J H Corley, Oakdale
A G Bradley, England R W Eaton, Watsonvl
W 8 F.vans. liawsnn T C Brandon. R Joee
P H Ross. Victoria J M Lane & w, brk H
W S Jones. Nevada Morse
W A Lamar & w. la T J Nolton. Yreka
T Threlfall. lowa A A Clark, Chicago
E J Young. N York O L Fischer, Mexico
Mrs R A Valencia & d. H Doble, Fresno
Santa Cruz T Harrihan, S L O
M Wallace. Yosemite J Tix>h»y. Sacto '
S C Hopklnson. Btock
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F Stenzel. SanLeandro J C Simons. Haywdß
J H Sturcke, San Jose Mrs. Simons, Haywds
L E Winns. N V W G Driwn, Aukols'*p
M Frledlander. Oklnd C E James, Monterey
B P Barker, Llvermre X F Henneken. Vallejo
C J Dowd. Mill Vaily M Hlum. Vacavllle
S Ofner. Chicago M Metz. Cleveland
S W Kaufman. Chlcgo H Boprman. N V
A M P.ean, Oakland MrsF.l Hauck. Chieo
J E Dean. M J T Norton. San Jose
Dr E P Geary. Or C Cambell. Los Ang
T A Parish, Mich M:ssK Martin. Gin Eln
Mrs. Parish. Mich F Kelly. Boston
H L Billings. Chicago J Eaton. N V
Sokoloff. Siberia F Armstrong. Boston
IretonoK. Siberia C Brown England
"W R Hawkins. Salinas F I.avls, Chlco
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W C Rmyser. Kan C B Farrell. St Helena
J J Henderson. 1> C Mrs J D Torney, Sacto
J I> Hutchlnson. Cal 1> B Harris. L Gatos
.1 H Butt. Vallejo T C Hamilton, Sbasta.
T Coughlln, Sacto O M cinrk, Mont
C Garhadl. Bethany J O Smith. Victoria
J C I'almer. Lower L J C Heine, S Jose
.1 M Howard. Woodlnd M!?« I- Foster. Cfll
M P Hinckley. Denver Mi»3 <j Gates. Nap&
J Roberts, Salt Lake J X Sutton. Caltstoga
M Cross, Sonora
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXFAEY 8, 1898.
SAN MATEO CREEK
LITIGATION ENDS
W. J. Fifield Wins His Suit
Against the Spring Valley
Water Works.
The Corporation Is Enjoined From
Appropriating Water Above
His Lands.
W. J. Fifleld has won his action
against the Spring Valley Water
Works for an injunction to restrain
that corporation from appropriating
the water of San Mateo Creek before
it reaches his lands. Judge J. C. U.
Hebbard yesterday ordered that a per
petual injunction issue restraining th>
Spring Valley Water Works from di
verting any of the waters of San Ma
teo Creek at its ordinary flow through
the :and of the plaintiff, but gave it
the right to take the "storm" or
"freshet" waters of the creek, if It
could do bo without violating the pro
visions of the injunction.
The action against the Spring Val
ley Water Works was commenced by
W. J. Fifleld last August, and at the
time a temporary injunction was is
sued pending a final decision in the
suit. The plaintiff alleged in his plead
ings that the water company, con
trary to law, had commenced the erec
tion of a tunnel and flume above his
lands to convey the water of San Ma
teo Creek to its reservoir. The action
he contended would drain his property
and leave an empty bed within it 3
boundaries where the stream once
flowed, and would result in im
measurable damage to him. In con
sequence he asked the Court to issue
an injunction compelling the defend
ant to cease in its work on the con
duit. The defendant in its answer al
leged that it had the right to the
"freshet" waters of the creek and de
nied that through the completion of
its tunnels and flumes the plaintiff
would be damaged. The case occu
pied some time in trial, and yester
day the decision was filed. The Judg
ment practically answers the prayers
of both litigants, but is slightly in
favor of the plaintiff, as it prevents
the waters being diminished below the
ordinary flow, but gives the company
any excess that might fall from the
clouds and find its way between the
banks of the creek that caused the liti
gation. 4
THREE MEN INJURED.
An Urjlucßy Day for Laborers at
the Urjion Iron Worlds
Yesterday.
Three men were injured yesterday
at the Union Iron Works. The first
was Thomas Jones, a marine fireman,
living at 112 Fourth street. While
walking on a gangplank from a ship
being built for the Alaska Commercial
Company he slipped and fell a dis
tance of forty feet. He sustained a
broken shoulderblade and a fracture of
the right leg. as well as severe contu
sions of the scalp.
A half hour later Francis Nelson of
425% Third street fell from a scaffold
on the same ship and struck heavily
on iron braces four feet below. His
right side was badly bruised and it is
probable that he received slight inter
nal injuries.
Alfred Cope, living at 909 Illinois
street, had the toes of his right foot
crushed by being run over by a truck
load of iron. He was treated by Dr.
Simpson and taken to his home. Jones
and Nelson were sent to the Receiving
Hospital.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Frand»co
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, op«n
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-v.27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; op^n until 6:30 o'clock.
$39 Hayes street: open until 9.30 o" clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets:
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
CIII'HCH NOTICES.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, cor. Oak and
Baker st« — Her. F. R. Farrand. pastor. Sab-
bath services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Major
George A. Hilton, the well known evangelist
of Elizabeth. N. J.. will preach morning and
evening. Revival services every evening
during the week (except Saturday) at 7-45 i,
m . conducted by Major Hilton. Everyone Is
cordially Invited to all these services. Bab-
bath school at 9:30 a. m. ; Y. P. S. C. E at
6:45 p. m.
THE Stranger's Sabbath Home. Howard St
Methodist Episcopal Church, 643 Howard st-
bet. Second and Third sts.. two blocks from
Palace Hotel— The Rev. John A. B. Wilson
p. D., pastor. Preaching at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. At the morning hour the pastor
W ."L. h ? VP for nls sub ect - "The Programme
of Christianity- of its Message." At
the evening hour the Rev. \v W. Case D
D.. presiding elder of the San Francisco dis-
trict, will occupy the pulpit. Kp worth
League rally at 6:15 p. m. Special music by
antlphonal choir at all : --rvices. All are al-
ways well-., me.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~
ABANDONED children In St. ' Joseph : 7Tnfan"t
Asylum from July 1. 1596, to December 21
18i-7: John Carey. 4 years; Frank Carey 5
years; August Collins, 3 years; Walter Con
nolly. 4 years; Eddie Fallon. 5 years; Alice
Fallon, 3 years: Josie Stack. 5 years- Mm
Stack. 3 years: John Sullivan. 5 years •" Frank
aa ; r Gaiiasher - 6 ?ffi
T^ S h r;,^ n or^^yj v "i n
since July 1. ISH7, to January 1, isms are £1
follows: Orphans— Mary Brlseno ace 13-
Cella Brlseno. age 8; Bertha Symon, age 5
Half-orphans— Marce'la Matthews. age 7-
Frances Matthews, age 6; Adela Dobrocolskn
age 13; Victoria Dobrogolska. age 10 • MlrUe
Kelly, age 9: Bessie Kelly, age 7; Ida Kelly
* e \*,"i M , lr !? a Klrby. age I; Jennie Kirby. age
2; Ella Klley. age 12; Frances Camella. ace
6. Maggie McOlade, age 11. Boys- WIN lain
Kelly, age 0; George Klrby. age 7; <;,-.,
Lee. ape 2: John McGlade. age 8; Frank Me-
Glade, age 7. • .
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kin
Orphanage of 520 Lake St.. San Francisco
Cal., has received the following orphans and
half-orphan irlrls from Sept. 30 to Dec 31
1597: Catherine Comas, aged 6 years r
months; Ella Gcmas. aged 3 years l month-
Pearl Lavin, aged 12 years 8 months; Harriet
Frances Lee, aged 7 years; Frances Follls
aged 7 years & months.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains
dress goods, corsets, hosiery, underwear bed-
spreads, towels, laces, linings, trimmings,
veilings, etc.. very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store. 105 Fifth st. y
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 110 Taylor st.
MRS. DR. FISH. 101% Grant ave.Trm. 2 elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 SO up.
239 Third st. /*
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massare
treatments; alcohol baths, 8 Mason st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 12O'/j Geary st.. room 11.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO y:, Montgomery Ft., room 6; tel. KSSQ.
DIVIDEND NOTUi
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society
101 Montgomery street, corner of Sutter The
Board of Directors declared a dividend for
the term ending December 31. 1897, at the rate
of four (4) per, cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3 per cent)
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Monday
January 3. IRSv
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society IS
Geary street— The Erectors have declared the
following semi-annual dlv:dends: 4.20 per
annum on • term and 3.60 per cent per an-
num or. ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. lsns.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
I.J.MRLIN6. ~e»t MNItL TTTU3. ™*r. QAPTGif HATf^LoT"' ■
To the Editor of The Call — Dear Sir:
Referring to the results obtained from our advertisement in your
NEW ERA edition, we are pleased to note the number of inquiries which
have resulted therefrom. Two-thirds of the daily communications re-
ceived at our office mention The Call, and they still keep pouring
in from all parts of California and Southern Oregon.
Yours respectfully,
Alaska-Yukon Transportation! Co.
'62 fitucioca^ President
MEETING NOTICES.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. •
& A. M., Fourteenth and Railroad _M\.
aye., will assembly TO-MORROW JKjf
(SUNDAY), January 9. at 1 o'clock /V>
p. m., to attend the funeral of our late broth-
er. George Scharetg. Brethren and friends are
cordially Invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
REGULAR session of Golden Gate A a>
Encampment No. 1, I. O. O. F.. \/^
will be held in Encampment Hall S\
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. / X
January S. a full attendance is solicited.
Installation of officers, and refreshments
served. H. C GEORGE, Scribe.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2.
I. O. O. I".— Regular meeting -.V^fffV
THIS EVENING. Third degree ?tf3lßh~z=
will be conferred. - v/IW^
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.,
on Friday, the 21st day of January, ISPS, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on MONDAY.
January 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DUTCH Mining and Milling Company— The
regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Dutch Mining and Milling Company
will be held at the office of the company,
which office is now temporarily situated at
No. 219 California street. City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 17th day of January. l^S, at the
hour of two o'clock p. m. on said day for the
purpose of electing a board of directors for
the ensuing year,, and also for the transaction
of such other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books close Tues-
day. January nth. IBM, at 3 o'clock p. m.
GEORGE W. GERHARD. Secretary. '
Dated San Francisco. January 6th. 1593.
THE annual meeting of the itockttoldcn of the
Realty Syndicate will be l>-ld at the oCßea
of the corporation, 14 Sans, me st . raon 1">
Snn Francis.-o. at 3 o'clock on THURSDAY.
January 20. IS9B, to elect directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction
of such other business as may com* before
the meeting. J. C. WINANS, Becjr.
THE regular annual meeting of the San Fran-
cisco Ladies' Protective and Relief Society
will he held at the "Home/* Franklin street.
tMtweca Post and Geary. Thursday. January
13. lSirst. at 2 p. m.
ALICE BROWN. Recording Secretary.
THE annual mwtlm of the stuckholders ot the
Spring Valley Water Works will be held at
the office of the company. No. lit Stockton
St.. Ban Francisco, at 12 o'clock, noon, on
WEDNESDAY, the 12th day of January, 189 S.
to elect trustees to serve for the ensulne
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
| STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the California
Dry Dock Company will be held at the office
of the company. No. 302 California St.. San
Francisco, on Monday. January 10. 1898, at 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensutng
year. «nd for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
JAS. W. HART. Secretary.
Office — No. 302 California St.. room 3.
San Francisco. Dec. 27. 1597.
M 9 HAVES— Branch offlce^of The Call; «üb-
scriptlons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN second girl, good seamstress, best of
references, desires a situation. J. F. CKOS-
KTT A CO.. .-!!■•. Sutter Ft.
Kl'Kmni; colored w..man would like to do
charr.lrfTwork In a hotel, or general housf-
work must sleep home. Please call at B
Rltch St.. bd Kolsom and Harrison. Third
| and Fourth.
, GOOD seamstress, understands dressmaking,
wishes a. place for upstairs work and sew-
ing; references if required. Address 443',
Natomn Ft.
< 'IKK -E-( I.KA N I Sn' wanted by steady, re-
llable woman; work thorough; terms reason-
Box 4>u. Call office.
YOUNG Spanish widow likes situation as
housekeeper. Call or address 214 O'Farrell
! St.. room 2.
WIDOW wishes p-.sltlon as housekeeper or will
do sewing and mending at home. Call 116
' Sixth st . r ton 6.
i COMPETENT woman wishes a position aa
cook ami laundress, or would do housework.
Apply »m Hayes st.
WOMAN wl.-he* to do general housework;
wacea iv:. A.Mress 264^ Tehama .st.
YOUNG lady desires position as typewriter;
no objection to country-. 207 Post St.. rm. 7.
Y<'l"N<; lady wants a place as housekeeper;
no objection to the country. 122 Post st.,
room 10.
REFINED young college girl would like to be
companion to wealthy lady: no objection to
travellnc. Address box 4fi4, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants posi-
tion; salary $i;, per month. Address box 460,
•'all office.
Vi '1 NO lady of refined family wishes position
as upstairs maid or light second work. Box
463. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants sowing by the day In
family or take work home; $1 25 day. 2 Tor-
rens court, off Clay st.
ELDERLY American woman wants a situa-
tion; is a good plain cook: city or country.
Please call or address Mrs M . 22-, Seventh.
LADY wishes position as working housekeeper.
Address Housekeeper, 1106 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress: fine fitter;
HWI tar week or half week; J4 a week. Ad-
dress F. S.. b.x 4f*. Call of nee.
WOMAN want.- w..rk by the day. washing and
ironing. 829 Hayes nr. Fillmore; basement.
YOrNG English lady wishes situation as
housekeeper, city or country. Box 4«. Call.
COMPETENT young woman wants permanent
situation; will rare f,.r chiluren, assist with
studies and upstairs work: two years In last
place; wager J2.".. Call or address Advertiser,
W Stitrkton st.. cor. California.
■\V< 'MAN. K",>d barkeeper, conk and manager of
Dotel, wishes position In mining camp or
country: references or security given. Ad-
dress box 447, Call office.
OERMAN woman like to get worn by the day:
washing, cleaning and cooking. Call 933
Howard st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes situation to
tnke <are of haby; best of reference If re-
quired. MRS. \V.. 1017 Polk st.
SWEDISH girl wishes |MiersJ housework; is a
goorl -.ok: iity or country. Address box
434. Call office.
GERMAN woman desires a few more engage-
ments: washing. Ironing or housecleaning.
Address 42SS Fifth st.
TOUNO lady wishes a situation as house-
kee!>er: city or country. Call 118 Sixth ot..
room 52.
YOUNG lady of refinement desires a place as
housekeeper, or will dt> plain mending. Room
6. 1007 Market st.
W.i.man wish*-! to do housework: city or
country: small wages. 7SI Mission st.
YOUNG girl desires position as typewriter or
bookkeeper. Call 131 Taylor St.. room 2.
BY first-class housekeeper; best of references.
A. N.. box 445. Call office.
YOUNG lady from the South wishes position as
housekeeper. Call 207 Post St.. rooms 1 and t
SITUATIONS W ANTED— Continued.
WANTED, by lan elderly lady, position as
housekeeper in family; city or
country. Address A. 8., 1553 Fifth. Oakland.
REFINED, educated girl, place as companion
and will assist with housework; wages $10 to
t!2. •« Address E. A., box 10. Call. Oakland.
YOUNG Eastern woman wants a place as
housekeeper; no objection to country. 223
Post st., room 1. ■& -,-■«
YOUNG woman desires upstairs work and
willing to take care of chilldren; wages $20.
183 Jessie st.
NURSE— Sick or confinement nurse desires en-
gagements. Box 431. Call office.
YOUNG lady desires a permanent place as
housekeeper; speaks German. Spanish and
French languages. 11l Geary st., room 2.
YOUNG lady would like a place as house-
keeper; willing to go to the Klondike In the
fpring. 120»6 Geary St.. room 2.
YOUNG lady desires steady employment as
typewriter. 1015 Market St.. room 17. 2d floor.
REFINED young widow wants position as
housekeeper. 238 Kearny St., room 9. .*. s
MISS VIOLA MARTIN. Job typewriting. 118%
Kills st.. rooms 3 and 4.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day at $1 50. Apply Hancock House, 751 Mis-
sion st., room 12.
YOUNG girl would like a place In candy store
or bakery. Box 397. Call office.
YOUNG German girl desires a place as house-
keeper. Call 11SH Ellis st.. room 22.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
Call room 2. 214 O'Farrell St.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
sews M cents a day or $2 50 a week. M. W.,
box 410, Call office.
YOUNG lady wants a steady place as house-
keeper: no objection to the country. 821 Mis-
sion st., room 6.
YOUNG lady would like a housekeeper's place:
no objection to the country. Call 126 Fourth.
room 23, 2d floor.
YOUNG woman wants a situation as tailoress.
Address Winchester House, 44 Tnird. room 79.
YOUNG woman desires a place as house-
keeper. Call 1104 Mission, near 7th. room 10.
YOUNG German lady desires position as
housekeeper. 112 Taylor St.. room 7.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or do plain mending. 131 Fourth St.,
room 1.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
RECENTLY from the East, young lady, good
appearance, unlncumbered. wants a position
as cashier In hotel; city or country; good
penman. Box 340. Call office.
BY refined invalid's nurse, mental or nervous-
case; male or female; first-class references.
Box 316. Call office. #
187 NINTH st.— Branch office of Th» Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
Bcriptl and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese: estab. 20 years; help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE employment office; work day hour
evining. 122\ O'Farrell st. ; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Rest help. 30 Geary st. Tel. CJrant 56.
HUNTER & CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
614% California st. ; tel. Main 231.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office-
best help. 414U O'Farrell. Tel E. 42«.
MIDDLE-AGED nan wants work as dish-
washer whf-re he could have a chance to
learn cooking. Addreaa PETER Mi iHROW
43.'. I'ine st.
YOUNG man wishes a steady iob; has had two
>■■;.->' pxi^ii.n^.- in glove trade. Address C
I-H'l'l, 2M Twnty-thlrd st.
WANTED— Position at any kind by young man
willing to work. Box 46.V Call ofhce.
Tdl'Xiidorman wishes work of any kind; had
experience as nurse, driving delivery wagon,
A.Hress box 430. Call office
SITUATION wanted-tierman gardener, with
l*est local references and IS years' practical
experience in all garden work, wishes situa-
tion in private place. Address box 440, Call
Nt» man wishes a porttlOß as r.in-h for.'-
man; has U years' experience; can furnish
g0,.,l references. Address %V. C. COLES. Ahl-
born House, r-ity.
GERMAN man and wife would like to take
charge of chicken or fruit ranch, vineyard or
private residence. Address B. C. box 436
Call office.
POSITION as watchman around a bank or
store; will give $160 security and references.
Address box 437, Call office.
BARTENDER would like to have position to
tend bar; good references. Address 53? Geary.
WANTED— By a man to vrork for a privat*
family: can do all kinds of work; horses,
cows, gardening; willing and obliging: city or
country. Address J. M. J., 631 Sacramento st.
B"V young man (German), to wash dtshes, as-
sist in cooking, saloon or other work; city or
country. Address H. VIELITZ. 136 Sixth st
room 11.
YOT'NG man , place In restaurant or hotel as
I-antry-b .y. speaks French and English. Box
IM. Call Of nee.
FIRST-CLASS .Tananese butler wants situation
In the city; good references. Box 422, Call.
WANTED— Situation as porter or waiter by
an Englishman: best of references. Address
H. GAYLER. 253 Thirteenth st.
333 HAVES ST.- Branch office of The Call
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FIHST-CLASS paperhanger and painter, hav-
ing a complete outfit of ropes, etc., wants
work. 1»2 Webster ?t.
WANTED- Situation as coachman, gardener or
any t»'sltlon requiring Industry and faithful
service. Address J. S., 807 Washington St.,
Oakland.
COLLEGE graduate desires few pupils to
teach In private families; English tn all
branches, mathematics, etc. : terms reason-
able; hours to suit pupils. Address Teacher,
tn Pacific st.
MONRY loaned on watches, diamonds Jew-
elry; low interest. I'ncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy. ITO. 22 Prospect place.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 per night:
II 50 to SC per week; convenient and respecf-
able: free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
615 I.ARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call
Subscriptions and want nd-= taken.
FEMALE HELr WANTED.
GERMAN or Swedish laundress. MISS
CI LLEN. 325 Sutter.
WORKING housekeeper. $25; good cook and
manager. $25 .to $00. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter.
*^YP cooks. $40 and $35; second girl, $25; nurse
. $20: S housework girls, city and country $*0
gaj&wVsiste aBBlst - 110 to lis - mis ?
• CLLLEN. 32» Sutler..
LAUNDRESS. $30 to $35. MISS CULLEN, 325
"utter.
• R S?Jo" E .P.T m l? d - Ie * aeed woma n as nurse. .$2O.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 rer week MISS
; CULLEN, 325 Sutter. . MISS
HELP WAJtIED-Continnfd.
T\NO girls. Jackson St., $20; girl, San Rafael.
$20. see party here; girl. Alameda. $20; girl.
a. Cal.. $20, see party here: 3 girls.
Berkeley, $15 to $25, see party here; girl. Post
St.. $20; girl. Fair Oaks. $20; 3 second girls,
$1> to $20; girl. Pacific aye.. $20; girl. Twen-
tieth st., $20: girl. Devisadero. $20; lady can-
vassers. $12 a week; 2."i girls. $lo- 17 young
girls. $S, $10 and $12 per month; 13 German,
10 Swedish and 4 Danish girls. MARTIN St
CO.. ,43 Market st.
3 CBAMBERMAIOS and wait some. $20 and
room, call early; 11 waitresses, $15 and room,
city and country; 3 chambermaids and wait
some. $lo and room: 12 waitresses, country
an.l oitx hotels. $20 and room; 2 gtris, same
hotel. $30 and room; 3 girls, same hotel. $45
an. room: 2 girls, same hotel. $40 and room;
waitress. Oakland. $20; 3 cooks. $20 and $25-
t waitresses. $5 a week: I girls, -small res-
taurants, $3 to $4 a week: 3 waitresses, $18
and mom. MARTIN &• CO., 749 Market St.
4 TT : v n i N 'nn lrl - 1 o^, : " s ''" nl Kirls ' $!5 MAR-
TIN & CO., ,49 Market st.
rntST-CLABS Iroaer for a hotel. S3S; board
£'A T ,r"' n X- nlc * Pa ce - c - R- HANSEN &
CO.. in<> Geary st.
COOK, country hotel, $45; waitress, same
Gear- « R " HAXSE - V & co - 1<»
F V'- K ,n CO °. k^ P rivate family; German family.
$-;>: 10 girls, housework. $20; 12 young K irls
K. HANSEN & CO.. 108 GeaiT st.
\\ AITRESS. Commercial Hotel, north $•>■> 50'
K Wa i tn ' sses> cou ntry hotels, south, $20 :
chambermaid country hotel. $20: waitress for
same place. $20; 2 waitresses, same place, $20-
4 waitresses, city J,otel S . $20; 5 restaurant
«altr.,ss<-itys,; 5 waitresses, small places.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10$ Geary st.
LAI DRESS and second girl. $25; chamber-
maid, wait one meal. $20; 6 waitresses, hotels
and restaurants, $20. *25; $:, and $6 week
young woman, cooking and housework, smali
American family, * 25: lroner In Sundry. $20
colored cook. $2..; 4 cooks. German style. $25
and $30; second girl, some washing $■>» 3
German and Protestant nurses. $20 and $25-
2 boarding house cooks. $20 and $25- and a
great many girls to fill our numerous situ-
& roVSI8 C Su^e nn r d s?° Untry - J - F ' CROS ETT
REFINED North German girl as companion to
lady In the country; this is a first-class place-
«(-o c 5 c^ require.;. Me lady here; call early'
Ml RRAY <* READY. fi34-636 Clay et
WAITRESSES for the country. $20; housework
SEAD^^l^a^t. 01116 "- MURRAY *
W i4^'r^^r Laund l ess ,--.r $30: Fren ch waitress.
i%\ German i*? Oki «i! 25: girls for housework
S&ISSfJ.. J2 °- ?15 - LE ° X ANDRB. »
THREE cooks. *25; nurse girl. $15- girls for
how— work. MRS. hird. 721 Ellis
LADIES' tailor made garment saleslady: sal-
Jl.. per week; expenses on road. 31S Bush.
2 WAITRESSES, same oountrv hotel. $20 HO-
TKL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny" st.
WANTED— A strong, neat girl for general
housework in a family of 2; must be a good
cook: wages $25; references required. Call
on baturday. between 2 and 4, at 1311 Taylor.
GERMAN girl wanted. 215 Mason st.
MARRIED couple to take care of 2 children In
f, x ., an ? for roo"*: Scandinavian preferred.
1143 Point Lobos aye.
MISS ELLA NELSON— Send address to Cos-
DOILD 0I LA t Cob\ ? lER r Fl " h and MiSBion Bts - p -
AV i^ ED ~ A woman for UghT~ housework.
1616 Green st., near Gough.
G cSHr f ? r v housework and cooking; wages $15.
ooj Jiaight.
SALESLADIES; experienced: fancy goods, no-
tlons. hosiery and confectionery. 313 Bush.
WETNURSE wanted at 1500 Golden Gate aye
Apply at once.
WANTED— First-class waist hands Immedi-
ately at 531 Sutter st.
GIRL to make beds 2 hours a day; $1 25 a
week. £64 Mission st.
WANTED— GirI, light housework. Call COS
■ Filbert st., bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
GIRL about 13 years to assist in light house-
work for a home. Apply 1033 Noe st., near
Twenty-fourth.
\\ ANTED— Experienced operators on men's
tancy flannel and white shirts; also a lim-
it-^! number to sew on buttons; will also
take a few inexperienced for instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove stsi
AN elderly lady of refinement, who can cook
Is experienced in the care of children and
general housework, and who can give excep-
tional reference, will please address AL-
BERT TAYLOR, city.
GERMAN woman for housework; $15; 4 In
family. 1521^ Broadway.
WANTED- OM for general housework; must
tiring references. Call 20SH Ninth st.
OIRL to cook for small family; sleep at home
726 Central aye.
LADIFS In trouble consult DR. SMITH 1508
Market St.. 1 to 4. 7 to 8 p. m.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the best place to learn: Mechanics'
Fair diplor-a; patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post
WAITED— A young girl for general house-
work. 214 Hyde St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
DR. \\ IBS, the ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
st , monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient
300 OPERATORS on steam MWtßg machines
to make Lev! Strauss ft Oo.'« riveted cloth'
ing. Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. Super-
intendent. 32's Fremont st.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to II 15.
562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
LlVt^l^L 1 V t^ 1^ Bh^i S> Bol , el , n ff- 3i *- men's shoes, aole-
nf; -i^ a airlnE done at ha the usual
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts a~nd under-
LtA p WR t EXCE Dress-Cutting School.^lo79 iiaTT
ke St. ; a Perfect nt cuaranteed without try-
ing: on: call and be convinced.
Sl5 LARKIN ST.- Brßnrh nffioe of The^CalF
Subscriptions and wain ads taken!
MALE HELP WANTED.
|^Sp2S3S^g^ gg
WANTED-Y. Un; GernMUj 25 to 30 years of
ter maker. «; trunkmakerf se£" d cook v •
j CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
S ?»m. N v n # rl ' ( . $S0; coolt ' *25; ho^se girl 2 in
ing: middle-aged woman. »20i younc girl SW
tt- » -o^. \ «^i° lay out new • place. R. T
WARD & CO.. 608 and WO Oay «.
KELP WASTED- Continued.
LOOK HERE! " ' ' "'
55 MEN WANTED!
As laborers. "No experience required. For a
large BANK. TItUST and SYNDICATE.
5~ MONTHS' STEADY WQRK.
"No Lost Time." Place is Located
NEAR LOS ANGELES. WAQES> . g pAY .
, ALSO
6 CARPENTERS
FOR THE SAME JOB i« ™-
See one of the directors at our offices, we-
"ship at once by S. P. R. R., who have given
us reduced railroad rates. We also have sev-
eral hundred other places. If you want work
come and -fe££~: & READy
MURRAY &■ READY,
Leading Employment Agents.
634-636 CLAY STREET.
San Francisco. Cal.
P. S.— Employer?: Get your help from
MURRAY & READY. You then get the best
help.
Telephone Main 6848. ■-
CLERIvS _— — — ___-———.
Groceiy clerk. $40; dry goods clerk. $49;
driver for delivery wagon. $40; photographer
for tintype gallery, city; baker, country ho-
tel: trunkmaker: 4 waiters, $25 and $20.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
IRONER, St. Cl.itr machine, fare paid, $35 and
found. MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.;
telephone Main 5348.
MACHINIST for a mill, $55 and found; repair
man for a country bicycle store: 6 vineyard
hands, $20; 5 farm hands, $15 and $25; 3 chore
boys, $10. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
CLERK in general merchandise store; shelf
hardware clerk; man and wife, position of
trust. $100. 313 Bush. '
HOTEL runner between San Francisco and
Portland (married); traveling salesman, la-
dles', tailor made garments; salary and ex-
penses. 313 Bush. ■
MAN to work In a nursery, $20 per month.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st. -■ •
BUTLER. $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, restaurant. $30. MISS CULLEN, 32$
Sutter st.
PIANO house bookkeeper and correspondent,
$50 at start. The Clerks' Exchange, 313 Bush,
have booked 4im first-class commercial, orders
from eminent city business houses for male
and female help, against a membership of
only 175. Books open to the investigation of
those interested; orders secured by canvass-
ing and advertising and through our mem-
bers. Memberships good for one year, and
cost from 4c to 10c per week. Branches 102:;
Market and mis Washington st., Oakland.
ADVERTISING solicitor, salary and percent-
age; for housekeepers, practical account
book to 5000 eminent families of San Fran-
cisco, gratis; the best advertising medium
of the age; particulars Clerks' Exchange,
Publishers. 313 Bush. 1023 Market and 1018
Washington st., Oakland.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried r..en, between the ages of
21- and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
WANTED— A sheep ranch manager; the ranch
is large and centrally located; grain and hay
are products; manager must be experienced
and a good business man; none others need
apply, and advertiser will not undertake to
answer all letters: state age. experience and
qualifications, family, if any, etc. Box 411 R.
WANTED— An expert cutter on ladies' tailor-
Ing, to give Instructions on Sundays. Ad-
dress W. S., I>.->x !». Call office, Oakland.
2 BARBERS wanted for Saturday; wages $3.
Ml Clay st.
FIRST-CLAS3 barber for Saturday^ 214 Ma-
son st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Corner
Bryant and Second sts.
SOLICITOR for rubber stamps on coxnnTission.
Address box 466. Call office.
FIftST-CLASS tninkmnker. 2G4 Natoma Bt..
Sunday, bet. 1" a. m. and 2 p. m.
WANTED— An experienced city salesman.
Browr.stnne Wine Company, 331 Ellis st.
WANTED— Bedmaker, German hotel. 560 How-
ard st.
WANTED— At Golden Rule Bakery, a boy for
washing dishes. 32 Sixth st.
GOOD bootb!nck at 507 Hayes st.
BOOTBLACK Wanted. tOtf McAllister St.
WANTED— Carpet layer at 1214 Stockton st.
WANTED— Sipn painting in exchange for
dental work. Address box 450, Call Office.
$225— BARBER shop near Market and Kearny;
clears $20 weekly. STRAND, 23 Kearny st.
CUTTER for ladies' tailoring. Apply by let-
ter or personally to J. BAUMGARTEN &
CO., T Montgomery st., S. F.
SAILORS for coast, Honolulu and Europe-
good wages. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
WANTED— Physician for clerical work; ajre
?;. Address box 423. Call office.
3-CHAIR barber shop: $50. ISOS Mission st
Apply after 7 p. m.
WANTED— An experienced valet, who also un-
derstands a butler's duties. Address, giving
recommendations, box 402. Call office.
B. SIMON wants MS men to get bottle beer
or wine. 5o; best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night; $1 to ?4 week; hot and cold baths.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds lew-
dry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GOOD live agents, either sex. for accident and
sick benefit insurance; new plan; 9 to 11 a
m. Internationa! Indemnity Co., 401 Califor-
nia St.. room 21.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANES. :■ i Davis st., near Jackson.
2000 pairs shoes- Another lot of men's shoes-
been slightly damaged: at less than one-
fourth their value; from 25c to $2 50. 563
Mission _*t.j_bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED-At Montana House. 7G4V, Mission-
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 2oc per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER H use. 4, Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. Bo a night; reading-room:
tr ** bus and basrsage to and from the ferry
ME *I S «°o le i? c ' sOc: Jadles*. 40c: while you
wait. 638 Market: branch, 767 Market.
B fl£ BE S^'lA SS ' S lat i On "iS? Employment Of-
nce. b. F^JCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET st.-Branch office of The Call-
want ads jind subscriptions taken.
M £ N » to v! earn barber in eight weeks. 3
F. Barber Collese. 13SU Eighth.
€15 LARKIN-Branch of flee of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rot n;s 10c and lf.c night, 76c and %i
week. LlndeU HouBe,_Sixth and Howard.
E «' H .° OUBe ' 863% Market st.-Rooms 20c..
25c to 60c night: $1 to $2 week. '
ROOMS. 15c to 75c per night; 50c to $1 SO per
week Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
WANTED to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter
TRY Acme House. »57 Market si., below Sixth
for a room; 25c a night: Jl a week.
ANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 'larea
rooms; Be per night; $1 to $3 per week.
615 LARKIX ST.— Branch office of The Can
Subscriptions and want ads taken. "
~ FURMTIKE WAMrHix
WANTED— Furnished flat or house; cheap tor
cash. Y. V., box 35. Call office.
HIGHEST prices to fill new buildine 840 Mia.
Blon St.: tel. Mint is:i. "
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71. -
ROOMS ANTED.
GENTLEMAN and wife, apred M years with
own furniture, would like to go in with simi-
lar couple to rent house or flat; we would
S£ m r c\/i O oXe fOr ""»**»'"«• Add'r^U
\VA\TEI)-IUSCELLASKOIS.
WANTED— To buy cottage; small deposit"-
t3 Cairo e fgc SS e reiU: gU ' c f "" ParticSla^:
FIREPROOF- safe; forge; anvil; iron wheel"
barrows; Iron pipe. C 4 Sliver st. w neet-
WAXTED— To rent 3or 4-horse P-vveTTa^Twr
engine, with tbe privilege of LvmV 55*1125
Vll I.IAM PATERSO^a Co . in;f Wu at" 83
I ?l"!^ t .^ra;; t p^
mon^s. suitable for . trip" to Copper Rlw
Alaska; also a anall steam or ka"o'in»
p a rVc n e°\ W^bSVa^ l^ {"^sW^SS
*pnce. Am v\ . BR\AM, Santa Cruz, Cal.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; lowest rates-
. no com. SCRIUNER ft CO.. 7 City Alii sq".'
MA.HINKIIY, belting. Uot aAltm. (mi: ;^
O^i^Oi^ : BUSINESS CHANCES.
■-ILSMO— RAREST chance; corner saloon in very
-.■best- location in city; established many
:.-y*a-rs;- clearing above $230 per mo.; lease:
.-.large .stock: the very best class of customers
• ;, Particulars. WILKE, 753 Market st.
**w^SALOON on Sixth st.; doing good -paving
/ b.it«lness; rent only $15; must- be sacrificed-
: - £wTS r -,- Bo en his ranch. Particulars
,;mLKL, 753 Market st.
$*!)-r*OLt> and first-class paying saloon; close
:• to .-Baldwin Hotel; best class of custom; net
a tine business opening. Inquire
>Ml..kK. 753 Market st.
■ % old-eBtablished and first-class paving
: c ??3f r .butcher shop, in very best location
of. the Western Addition; horses and wagons
must be sacrifice. l. as owner has to leave the
Vc - ity - _ at once. WILKE. 7s;i Market st.
iLD-ESTABLIBHED corner saloon best
.part of the city, will be sold by the brewery
£irecu a great bargain. wilke, 7&3 Mar-
fWOULL MARKET, Fill more St.. between
. Mashrngton and Clay, will open Saturday)
.. Jeln-uary i; a few remaining stalls for rent;
. this market contains 19 stalls, is situated on !
; A business street in the very center of the
Uljesj .{residence portion of the city, is ele-
gantly fitted Up, light and airy, and stalls
are already rented by the very best class
..£ dealers, commanding a large established
' fl rade: > the market property ts a commodious.
first-class building, ■ Ming $50,000; an exceN
lent opportunity is afforded for market men
to make money. Apply at market between
■ Tsf-V Vm' °J at ?°VEIS, TOY & BONN-
lag S, 624 Market >t.
»^2f; HO TEL cigar stand; well paving.
$.(*,_Saloon, best location In city
?oW— Corner grocery and bar; Western Addi-
Uon. • . .. , ; ; ■-.
• $350— Coal oil route; v.ell established.
1 " J TI. <rt cry and delicacy store; a bargain;
• md othrr good bargains at argain.
ANDERSON I WINN. 777 Market st.
*>. undivided one-ftfth interest i :i mining
proposition, locate.l in very heart of richest
gold b.-Rring district in California; no assess-
menu; no further expense: will pay from
ito *io a day; present owner must sell;
price $1000. Box 4fil. Call office.
S'OTICK-STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny st., will
sell your business quick for cash.
PLENDID ---cent barbir shop; must
sell; trial allowed. STRAND. 23 Kearny st.
US '"^-CORNER saloon, best location in city :
Clears $75 monthly; a sure bargain- offer
wanted. STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny st.
T^ B nX ' !^: Market 8 ior cash ' a!>ply HEALY
. <g \~<J., yli Market.
:illo-BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, etc.;
J -lly lng rooms - .HEALY 8f CO., 917 Market!
4JIMSTfcONG & ALLISON, m% Market st
. buy. sen, exchange all kinds business We
1 ' c bar^ a ] ?. In lodging houses, saloons,
. grocery and bar, restaurants, branch ba-
JlfJ^. etc. If you want business see us.
: \I. I .'" F ( ?, E o,?. i J'?t JJ e a routes supplied from GEO.
; -_^- .M. ELL & CO.-S, 415 Sacramento st
1 15 ? O—ESTABLISHED.0 — ESTABLISHED. increasing business:
pays *,"...> per year; no opposition; country
° Jown, near bay. Address O. X., box 467
.£all office.
fc-00— HOME bakery, delicacy store; north Mar-
ket: central; monthly receipts $250; value in
stock; fixtures. BASILE, >:x'.. Market at.
CO rent — In front oi.< saloon, space for cigar
stand and clubrooms. S3 Third st.
„ *2£oo— BARGAIN: first-class grocery an 1 bar
. : Business, commanding No. 1 trade; choice
corner location; low rent, with lease: new
-fixtures: fresh line of groceries: splendid op-
portunity for family wine trade; this will
warrant closest investigation; principals
only will be -dealt with: must be sold. Apply
• <10. Montgomery st.. room 2.
.""WANTED— To buy a restaurant, corner gr0-
...» eery and bar, or some small business in good
. ,-. .."location in the city: must Invoice amount of
=;_'•• dash price; from $500 to $."00; state full par-
' . * u.-ulars to be investigated. Box 435, Call.
I ....3VSINESS man with thousand dollars can
I I •!• clear ten thousand in short time; no risk. Box !
! .•: : -'-441. Call office. I
tTEWS and stationery store — Good business;
low rent: must sell at once: death cause of
i.sale: investigate. 101^ Fifth st.
STORE to let. cor. Oak ani Franklin; sult- !
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
JVANTED— ««00: good security and interest.
Address Security, box 446, Call office.
COMPLETE outfit- for restaurant, cheap. Call
this office.
-IGAR stan.;. cheap; good business locality.
' For particulars apply 204 East st.
: ''- Vh "' TO ?"000— General store within 30 miles of
-San Francisco; a good chance to go- into
business; no other party need apply. Address
G., Call Agency, Santa Cruz.
*•"■ oM hotel m«n wants a partner with some
roean.-; to go Into a fine hotel, all furnished.
„ in the largest city in the Northwest; ex-
;;. perience not necessary. Address •'Hotel. I
.-■ '. Call office. Oakland.
'. °. 'QWNTOW.V notXonTtore; located In the" !
. % heart of the traffic, with a good stock and i
. ,/ long lease at low rent; price $5000; principals
•■• ■ 6nly; good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
W rHEAPEST reason in America— The Weekly
.-HEAPEST and best in America— TheTweekly
If, : fall, •sent to any address in the United
..' States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage '
.; , free._
-.' 150— GROCERY and bar; good living and home
; . for above amount; must be sold in 10 days.
..,• • Apply Call office.
■•• EXPERIENCED mining man wants lady part-
•„-'. ner with means to go to Klondike. Box 424,
'.. ,Ca)l office. ' ■ -
ISENTLEMAN partner wanted; paying propo-
sition. 1015 Market St., room 17, second floor.
VESSEL for pale. Terms at Call Office 908
Broadway, Oakland.
SAKERY and restaurant, doing good business;
fine location; good reason for selling; no busi-
.ness with agents. Box 41S, call office.
UQNEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry^.low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SOOD paying saloon; No. l location. 506 Clay
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st., Portland. Oregon.
PARTNER wanted with $3000 in shipping and
•oir.mission. ?17 Sansome St.. rm. 6, 11 to 6.
C 26 MlSSlON— Subscriptions and want ads" i
takgn for The Call.
- .' LODGI.NG BOCKS FOR SALE.
; . . OS-room hotel, only ; g^
6-rooms on Market: part offices ...'..'.'J.'' S5O
. 0-room house; must sell ' ' -- 0
. 4 rooms on Golden Gate, rent .......... 600 ;
;'; 2 rooms, ■ ••■ tral. good ■ furniture '.'.".'."."" 250 1
•■ H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. I
. ■ »URTEEI roomsTbeet part" Market st • i
*'■" pays well. STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny st. '
FLAT, 4 elegantly furnished room ; opp.
City Hall. STRAND. 23 Kearny et. 1P- ]
lOOMING bouse of 8 rooms: all rented: furni- !
ture Cor sale at a bargain; rent $20 1139
Howard st., near Seventh.
JEW and handsomely furnished rooming
house: li rooms: all full: gentlemen roomers-
3 blocks from Call office; no agents X C
- box 442. Call. ' "
TEAS.
TEAS.
" 20, 25, M, (5, 40, 50 per pound.
•COFFEES.
10, 15, 20, 25. 3.-.. 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 15, 20, 25, 40 per can.
lUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE *
PRETTY DISHES
GOLD WATCHES,
OICYCLES,
Ml '"sir! BOXES
AIR RIFLES'. '
JREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
..- .; . CARPET CLKAMXG.
': ■: :ITY •Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans.
-•• .moves, lajri carpet*. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr. '
.•• . ■ <i *; ari - <J 4<J Eighth tX "' telephone South 250.
- .. ,m;x you become disgusted with "poor work
•-'• .send V. SS A DD r I , NO ' 8 WoneerCarpet-
.. beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. So. 40.
V- *5&& r Eastern , Steam Carpet-Cleaning
.• . , JV.orkH, 14 Sth Bt.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201
: - : '&££££ cleane<1 ' renova^d~7ike new. J.
... M'QpEEN. 453 Stevenson; tel. B. 225. '
*. "'. •ADVANCE Carpet-cleaninK Co., 420 Butter:
■■•• :| te .'.' M aln 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
: £5 A ? ING '»S?:» S ? : l&ylng ' - 3c 5 ru X Fftmples free;
• " . tel: r Jessie 94f Stratton, 3 Eighth.
■'^, H^-' KTS cleaned and renovated like new.
: .-JZ3 Tenth; t.,1 South 36. Mackintosh & Co. -
■ f.-E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co 240 14th
°'~ ■ .*' : cleaning ac •' yard; tel. Mis. 74.
" ' ":QNKLIN'S carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
•■■Gate-aye. Telephone East 128. • «»
• • storage! j;
'*'IT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
.- household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances I made. .i. NOON AN. 1017 to 1023
p Mission St.. above Sixth: open evenings. •
" •■ .iT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
.. yUuL-iiKs. ma Mission *t. Tel. Mint IS2L
HOUSES TO LET.
U DEBrpaTfeH J * pa L-«fet«»-
1 u, .mi Mi-.ii. .... Glen Park aye., off 12th »U
H P.- ?S " f rooms in fine order; rent cheap.
_j^?_ steveti ,, st., near Third. - !
« '•U:mkntina Nice" cottage 5 rooms and
.* til \\, J;>.
V J^T?** ,, P RRY st - : 3 "rooms; water free.
KomeYy V H. UMBSEN, & CO.. M Mont-
W « HY pay rent? Why not build? You can 60
so. 11 you nave mortgaged and with to pay
it oft easily you can get be« terms of Amer-
ican Investors' C 0..;, if Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN-: '■ '■ ■
You see houses to rant by BALDWIN &
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A GOOD start for IS9S; v, month free; nice
cottages, flats. $10 up. Speck & Co., 602 Mkt.
329 CAPP— 2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; bath.
SUNNY cottage of 4 or i rooms, bath, base-
ment. Fifteenth and Dolores sts. .
$7, $8 and $9 cottages, 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant; or lT m bsen & Co., 14
Montgomery fit.
: I _. ' ' »
.■■■..'■•. , PLATS TO LET.
4 AND 6-room flats: some with gardens; sun-
ny; attractive view; on Twelfth st. and
Glen Park aye.; $12. $13, $14, $18 an.! $23.50.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye. off Twelfth
street.
MODERN flats east of Van Ness, ■". to 10
rooms each. $25. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602
Market st.
BAY window Hat of 5 sunny rooms and bath.
117 Perry st.
AN upper flat, 7 rooms and bath: rent reason-
able. 128 Fair Oaks St., between 22d and 23d.
TWO large flats, In good order: new Improve-
ments. 425 Stevenson St., near Fifth.
NEW upper flat; 5 rooms and bath; cor. Turk
and Pierce sts. ; rent, $15.
327 CLEMENTINA— Nice, sunny, (-room flats;
clean; $13.. .
4035 EIGHTEENTH ST.— 5 rooms and bath,
i store and stable; rent $16. 304 Lily aye. —
rooms and bath; rent »13. Owner, 11l Van
Ness aye. ■ •. .- . .V .-- ■'■■' -.*>•* - -■ O* A'?
$12, SUNNY upper flat. 5 rooms: $11, lower flat,
4 sunny rooms: large yard: cellar. 33^u Moss
st.. off" Howard, near Seventh.
NICE flat; 3 rooms. 334 Bryant st., nr. Sec-
ond; S10: ply on premises.
FOUR rooms and bath, 223 Laurel aye., bet.
Turk and Eddy, off Van Ness aye.; rent
reduced.
$9— LOWER Hat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl Bt., oft
Market, near Valencia.
$1." I'l.per flat, 4 rooms and bath. . 6 Dodge St.,
. off Turk, near Larkin.
UPPER flat, 4 choice sunny rooms; $13. 1122 A
Broadway, i.ear Leavenworth. .. ••• *.
MONEY loaned, on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; lew interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St.. nr. ■
Polk. SPECK CO., 602 Market st.
WANTED— SmaII family to take part of flat.
W. C, box 14. Call office.
ELKGANT flat, 7 rooms; all modern improve-
ments. 727 McAllister st.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
167 NINTH st.— Branch office of The Call; sub-
Fcriptlons and want ads taken.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. :>./?£
1423 CALIFORNIA, near Hyde— Furnished
rooms en suite or single, or suitable for
housekeeping.
297 CLEMENTINA Front and back sunny par-
lors; nicely furnished; cheap; housekeeping.
314 FIFTH— 2 sunny front housekeeping rooms;
stove, closet, bath; private; $10.
2118 FILLMORE— Three sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; yard; bath.
121 FULTON— 2 sunny furnished front rooms;
range; water; large yard; rent, $12 GO.
325 GEARY— Front alcove room. well furnlsh-
ed; running water; closets; suitable light
housekeeping.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
21 FRANKLIN— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
202 GROVE, corner Van Ness — Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suits, with gas stove.
731 HARRISON— Front and back parlor fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard-
rent $13.
821 HOWARD— Housekeeping rooms; single, 17
and $8; suits, $12 per month.
223 KEARNY st., near gutter— 3 unfurnished
front rooms; housekeeping or offices; gas and
Janitor services free; low rent. Apply 15
Grant aye. ■-.-,-
2S MlNNA— Single and housekeeping rooms
75c and $1 per week.
SCI MISSION, near 2d— sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also sunny back rooms.
Sl7 MISSION— 2 large furnished sunny connect-
ing housekeeping rooms; toilet and bath.
1063 MISSION— Sunny housekeeping rooms, $10
an* $12 a suite.
I 1219 MISSION— NewIy furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms.
827 MISSION— 2 large front housekeeping
rooms. $12; also 2at *7. Apply In store.
C 45 NATOMA— 2 or 3 furnished rooms: complete
for housekeeping; yard; rent reasonable.
M NATOMA,- cor. Kighth-3 unfurnished
rooms; also furnished housekeeinpg.
21 NINTH— Front sunny suite for light house-
keeping; cooking stove; running water.
; 119 A SIXTH— 3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
IS4 SOUTH PARK— Unfurnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping. ■ ;,■-■_■; ,■-■_■
19 STANLEY Place— 6 nice sunny rooms.
Including bath; also $7 50, 4 good rooms.
3367 TWENTY-SIXTH St., near Mission—
ny furnished housekeeping suites; also sin-
gle, $10. $4. :■ '.-
II WEBSTER— S or 3 nicely turnished rooms;
every <onvonff-n<»-.
ROOMS TO LET.
; SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
►U KT_L— Newly furnished sunny front
I rooms.
402 GEARY— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7.
118 GEARY— Elegant sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; also double and tingle; rea-
sonable.
1129 HOWARD— Funny front rooms; single or
folding beds; large closets; $6.
j 716 HOWARD, St. Davids— 2oo rooms; suites!
single; sunny readlng-roo ; 2Sc up.
: 410 HYDE— Nicely furnished rooms, with board,
$20 each; use of piano and parlor.
MONKV loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. TTncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
4.'.:, JESSIE— Bear of Mint: a neat, sunny-
room for one or two; $6 and $S.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Keamy- Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
THE Hawthorn, 1926 Market— Furnished and
] unfurnished rooms; also housekeeping.
' 1145 Missiox Nicely furnished single rooms;
new house; $5 up.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $8 per week.
106 NKW MONTGOMERY- Furnished house-
keeping end single rooms; cheap.
K'.'i'j NINTH Srruill room. neat. 6unny, $5 50
per month; for gentleman.
W» POWELL— Nice cozy furnished front room
for rent.
GRAND Southern, Seventh and Mission Bts.—
Sui*es; single; sunny; elevator; moderate.
:,'l SECOND Fine double room, week. $150 to
$2 50; single, *1 to ?l ',0: day, 25c to 50c; cheap.
NTH— Fr.nt suite: 1 or 2 beds: grate;
gas; running wat.-r. housekeeping; stove.
143 SEVENTH FurnisheH suits and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
12", SlXTH— Cheapest In city; sunny front
rooms. ■
THE Eurotoean, 17 Stockton and 111 O'Farrell,
Malson Tortoril elevator— Furnished rooms.
sulten or single: day, week or month: hot and
cold water: transient
BUTTER HOUSB, *"S Sutter Furnished
rooms: running hot water; transient: 2r*c up.
149 TAYLOR— Large sunny front room; nicely
furnished; $3 per week.
109 TAYLOR— Sunny front mite; single room,
$1 25 week: double, $1 75 week.
ELEGANTLY furnished large alcove room;
suitable for couple; central location; quiet
neighborhood; terms moderate. Address Bex
451, Call.
EOO BUSINESS cards printed $1; 25 visiting
mrds. g.'r. HILL. 724 - Market st.
PHTtICIASS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and res. 120«
Market: diseases uf women a ■nwcialt*. I
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 8, 1898.
HOARDING AND ROOMS
DELIGHTFUL home for a gentleman is ob-
tainable in a private fnmllv residing on a
sunny corner In Western Addition; conven-
ient to four lines of cars. Address J. W.,
box 427, Call office.
j ELEGANT large sunny rooms,' with or without
, board; first-class Southern and French co^k-
■. Ing; references exchanged. . 1107 Bush st.
1515?-; MISSION— Large sunny r room; private;
with or without board; bath.'
511 FOLSOM— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $3 per week;' nice location.
SOB VAN NESS AYE.— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; good bi trd; $20 up.
24 FELL— Sunny .furnished rooms: board op-
tlonal; parlor for 2 With board, $35.
220 EDDY- Sunny front single and double
rooms: first-class board, $3 50. '
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful grounds; ta-
~hie unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
WALDORF, 309 Powell— Newly renovated; ele-
gant rooms: hoard. MRS. CALHOUN.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
AMERICAN lady living In one of the healthi-
est locations in San Rafael will take chil-
i dren of good family to board: best of care
and training. Address W. A. V., box 652
San Rafael. " <A-. " .)'• : ■
• WIDOW wishes a few infants to board. 2618 I
Bryant aye. ■ , .""
STOI.ES TO LET.
SPACE to let. rear of store; good location;
suitable for any manufacturing purpose. 775
Market st. . •_ < .
$10 PER MONTH— to let at 610 Shrader '
st., near Haight.
SPLENDID 4-story brick building and base- !
ment to let cheap. Apply at SIS Mission st. j
OFFICES TO LET.
OS SANS. st . now occupied by W. Loaiza :
.V- ''p. ASHTOX. 411 Montgomery.
— — i— —
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil A: mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, navigation, etc.; 20 teach-
ers; day and eve. sessions; catalogue mailed. i
AYRES' Business College. 325 Montgomery gt.;
individual instruction la shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, mln-
ing, mech.. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.; '
eat. 1M.4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.*
LADY teaches piano, mandolin, 50c an hour;
excellent -pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
LUNT'S dancing academy, 220 Post st. ; juven-
i ile classes Sats., 2P. M. ; private lessons
i dally, 10:30 to 5; adults' class Monday evegs
INDIVIDUAL instruction in shorthand- dicta-
tion class. 7 to 9 evgs; $2 50 mo. 1015 A Post.
LUDLAM BehooJ of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92S Sutter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER, teacher mandolin
guitar and banjo. 935 Market St.. ofT Mason!
FLUTE. mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard
VOICE culture, piano; Paris graduate; French
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 10H Taylor st.
MISS GAMBLES dancing school; adults 1 class
Saturday* s P. M. .".17 Devisadero st.
FISK teachers' agencies in 10 cities: teachers
wanted now. 420. Parrott building.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123« Mar-
ket st.; 124 positions in '96, 103 in '97.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons:
53 month. Mary Westhnus. XI Fifth rt.
MBDICAXn ~
DR. V ", C ? XI *- >I Y> M. » —Expert physician,
late of Hot Springs, Ark., has opened an of-
fice at SS9 Howard st. Syphilis, chronic dis-
eases of the skin, stricture, gonorrhea, piles
nervous prostration, rheumatism, swollen and
stiff Joints, contracted muscles and all secret
diseases cured by special treatment. No in-
terference with patients' ! work; cure guar-
anteed. Hours, 9 a. m. to 12 m.. and 2 to 5 p
m. ; 7 to 3 p. m. ' .-
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause, restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
a>d; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity;- home- in conßnement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
regulating pills and capsules, $1. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 918 Post St., near Larkni.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; Drice $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultations on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. S3
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Befor« pur-
chasing elsewhere, write Us.
, A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with the privacy of a home
and the convenience of a hospital, those
who are sick or discouraged should call on
the doctor and state their case; they will
find in her a true friend: all consultation*
free and absolutely confidential. MRS. DR.
. OWYER, 226 Turk Ft.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case ot monthly sickness from whatever I
cause in few hours when medicines and others
have failed; no instruments used; many years
experience; every case guaranteed; advice
free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY.
1126 Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
clan for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore in 1 day. never falls: con-
sultation free; can be sent and u*ed at home.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny.. Orders by tele.
DR. AND MRS. WKGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. formerly £26 Eddy st.— Safe, quick cure
for all female complaints guaranteed; pri-
vate home in confinement; every comfort;
Infants adopted; terms moderate; pills $1.
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. Scott, 419 Geary St.. now
i 1194 Market female complaints and diseases
of the eye permanently cured or no charge-
treatment by mail: Inclose stamp.
DRS.GOODWIN. diseases of women; ladles-
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment-
maternity home; best care; skill only: low
fees; Dr. Be buck's self-cure, $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills— A boon to ladles -nth
female troubles, no danger; safe, cure- $"> 50-
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late
- OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Car
LADIES— "Why suffer? Get released from
trouble; irregularities restored without fall-
low fees; specific female pills, USO r,i{'
SMITH, 1508 Market St.; 1 to 4. 7 to 8 p. m.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro- _ r i__
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2-c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st.. . Sacramento. Ca"
LADIES in trouble consult DR. SMITH 150S
Market St.; 1 to 4, 7 to 8 p. m. '
SURE cure Irregularities or other female dU-
eases. MRS. DR. PUETZ. 254V4 Fourth.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Sattler. gradu-
uate midwife. 1709 Powell; tel. red 2641
P A R iL^ E^ I%^1 %^^ h 4eg ) Sg? CT '« r
H ™V£TuTJA ~str^a n meda ™
DRS. KERGAN & KENNEDY cure blood, skin
and private diseases. 8 Mason.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call: «üb-
s^rlptlons and want ads taken. * .•• -"*
-— — DEXTISTS.
DRTTuDLUM'Hn.I.. lit:; M.irkeTr^rTTTuT^
- charge for extracting when plates are made
old. plates made over like new; teeth from si
per set: extracting 60c; gas given. •
DR. GEO. W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discover cf painless extraction & patentee of
improved bridge work or teeth without plate
. moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
FULL set of teeth, $6; painless extraction- m«
our combination plate, thin as paper- war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; > teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings DOc, crowns
(3 50; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up; gold crowns, $3 B0 up; your
teeth put in without a plate; open evenings
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 6j»5
NEW York dentists— Plates 15 up; silver fill-
ings, 25c up; gold fillings. 75c up; plates
mended, $1 up; , painless . extraction, 50c: all
! work warranted. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
$6— FULL set of teeth; best make: kept in
-, repair; extracting free; fillings, 50c; crowns,
! $2 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third" st.
DR. J. .1 LEEK. 1126 Market st. ; open even-
Ings; Sunday till noon; registered dentist.'
W. C. HARDING. M. D.. 600 Sutter at., cor.
Powell; tel. Main 6375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ' • '
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. c
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
COLTON Dental Association, 806 Market at.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
Mo' clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
i tion* and wont eria loVon. . . .
rEHSOXALS.
GENTLEMAN, who has been in Alaska, has
some capitaUand can give the very best of
city references, wishes to meet a lady or
gentleman with $7000. Address F.. box 452,
. Call office. . ,
WANTED— A few young men and women on
guaranteed salary; good chances for ad-
vancement. Box 443. Call office.
SADIE EVANS, cooanut cream and ename-
line f.«r the eoniplexion; free samples. SoO
Market st.. parlor 43.
MISS L, Hi''KS. guitar teacher; .lass lessons,
$1 .'.'J month; BOW formtng. 322 O'Farrell st.
CAL. INST., M>Vi «i'ary; tel. Day s H>; phren-
ology or hypnotism practically taught; $S.
WOULD like to know the addiess ol my
brother, Frederick 8. Hellgren, formerly of
Portland, Or. Address OSCAR HELLGREN
'-•14 Post St.
DRESSMAKING for ladles and children; also
shirt waists; reasons Me. ltO o'Farrell at.,
near Van Ness u\c.
CORRJBCT huir dressing at my parlors and at
the low price of 2."ic, and alwaxs well done:
'. switch<s. El; finest, best quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long, $-i; open Sundays and
holidays 9 to 12 a. m. G. LEDEItER, 111
Stockton .-t.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic cleanses the scalp.
b-autiflss" th° hair. G. Lederer. 11l Stockton.
PROF. .1 QREVEN will introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert a r
Y. lE. <■ a. Hall, on January H, 18*. Mi^"
M. De Chent. dramatic soprano; Miss I
lirown, mesao soprantt, *vi Jill, m al-
15ERT, high lyric tenor.
DB. V. CONDOKY. M. D.. expert phjslcian
late of Rot Springs, Ark., has opened ,m
office at MS Howard st. ; practicing physician.
Office houi.- ir ;n I to 12. 2 to 5 p. "m. and
from 7 t.. v
MISS ANDERSON, craduate. Swedish nurse;
baths; p^-u.ne massage; Swedish movement;
ladier. gents. MM Market, room 25. 2d tljor.
ADVICE free; div< rce laws specialty; private;
no fet- without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor Stockton!
BAIKiKS, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRI'NT. ESS Clay »t.. S. K.
BIG outdoor stereoptlcon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth; artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., nr. Market; 200 rooms.
25c to $1 SO per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
frte bus and baggage to and frjm the ferry.
$14— Suit to ord»r-» samples; try one. NEL'-
HAIS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
GREAT catarrh cure; Wilson's vaporiilng In-
haler; 32SA Ellis; test free; cure $5.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
BRANCH office of The Call. 167 Ninth St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOI'S hairs removed by electrolysis
MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush. '
SUIT to order on easy installments L. i
LEMOS. 1117 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses
t.'r up; dresses made over. 6 Edily St.. rm. B*.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she vill reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
■ treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours. 10 A. M. to 5 P. M. ; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rma 25 & 26. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader. born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. 50c;
gents H; palm. & clalrv.: sit. $1 00. 126 Turk.
MISS MIRANDA, experienced mind reader;
electric and magnetic treatments. Room 31
1122 Market (1 ■ ■
MME. LE XORMANDE. world-renowned clair-
voyant, card-reader; hours, 10 to 4 evenings.
401 Leavenworth St. •
REMOVED— Mme. 1 • ■•■mar tells fortunes by
planets; predicted "74" steamer on Island.
23', Sixth St., room 6.
MME. lIANSITN. palmist, card-writer; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, room 5.
RAY FAIR— reader, magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st . room 2.
MME. MOREAU. test medium] clairvoyant.
card reader: Ssc up. 73 Fourth it., upstairs.
SATISFACTION or no pa;-. 1204 Mission, above
Eighth, front parlor. Face cream free. • «
DR. ALICE FAT. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 128 Seventh St.. second floor.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: read-
ings Be this week: satisfaction gar'td. 26 6th.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 9214 Mission St.. opp. Mint.
MME. RAVENA reals life fluently; business
advice; names given; 23c up., f- Fourth st.
TOT'R future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
Be Vttnk Folsom st.
MME. SODAN, Scotch seeress, card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 9 to 8 P. M.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 12n«- Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession; never fails: advice: help. 829 Poet.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in th« United
- States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. >• ..
SI'IHITUALIS.M.
MRS. TTTLTON'S materializing seance to-
night, 60c; sittings dnilv. 31 Fell Ft.
MRS. HOSKINB, spiritual medium: circle
Tues., 8 i. m.. 25c; readings, $1. 214 Franklin.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MME. MAYO STEERS, • 112%~6ak; circles
Tues. 8 P.M.. Thurs. 2 P.M.; 25c; readings $1-
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
m~«n«p» anil advice. 21>> Stockton st.
ATTOIIXKYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stcktn.
ADVICE free— Private law matters: moderate
fees. ATTORNEY McCAUE. 103 Larkln st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful
W. W. DAVIDSON. '.':7 Market st.
TYI'KWRITKr. S.
ALL typewriters sold and rented;, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for sample & prices.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st.
REMINGTON No. 3: fine order: sample
rent. SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery.
TO LEASE.
OLD T. M. C. A. building. 233 Sutter Bt.. to
rent, for long term of lease. Apply to H. J.
M'COY. Maaon and Ellis sta.
LEGAL NOTICES. !
The California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process- lrom B. Freccero, in the Frazer and
Swank Gravel- Mine at Washington Ranch
Calaveras County, to deposit tailings in an old
pit; from Manuel Sllva and Joseph Enos in
the Cherokee Flat Mine, at Cherokee, Butte
County, to deposit tailings on a flat below the
mine; from J. Logamaslno, in the Grizzly Bear
Placer Mine, near Johnsville, Piumas County
to deposit tailings in Squirrel Creek: from Paul
Zerga et al., In the Last Chance Placer Mine
near Sierra City. Sierra County, to deposit tail-
Ings on a flat below the mine: from T. T. Kirk-
ham. in the Mount Vernon Mine, near Nevada
City, Nevada County, to deposit tailings in
Mount Vernon ravine: from .William Ross ■In
the Clark Mine, .near Oleta, Anmdor County to
deposit tailings: In Headman's Creek; from
Charles E. Wise, In the White Oak Mine near
CoUax. Placer County, to deposit tailings in
Live Oak ravine; from John Solari and Joe
Devencenzl. ■ in the . Red - Gulch ■ and Mahala
Flat Hill Mines, near Volcano, Amador Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mines: from J. F. and M. H. Goodman, in the
Blcknelt Mine, near volcano, Amador County
to deposit tailings In North branch of Sutter
Creek: and from S. R. Hackley; in the Indiana
and Gold Bug Mine, near Omo Ranfih, El Do-
rado Co».nty. to deposit tailings in .Perry's
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 59, Flood building. San Francisco. Cal
on January 17, 1898. at 1:30. p. m.- .- ■-. ,;
NOTICE of railroad consolidation— Pursuant
to the statute in such case made and • pro-
vided, notice Is hereby given, that the Pajaro
Valley Railroad Company and the Pajaro
Extension Railway • Company, upon .the
written consent of the stockholders holding
more than three-fourths in value of all the
stock of ; each of said corporations respec-
. tively, and by agreement of the respective
boards of directors. of said corporations mad*
and entered into In accordance with such con-
sent and • pursuant to th.c . statute In . such
case made and provided, have consolidated
and amalgamated . their capital stocks, debts,
properties, assets and franchises under the
corporate name and style of the Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad . Company.
Dated at San Francisco. California, th«
tenth day of DKember. A. D. 1897. \
By order of the board of directors of the
Pajaro Valley Consolidated . Railroad Com-
pany. ' ■ :. '
By E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. ■
! 4 MARKET st.— Branch of fire of The ' Call;
t want iuia and «i>*"""'- '-""» »«V«m.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V4 p. ct. on real estate; 2d &
3d mortgages), estates, undivided Interests,
real estate In probate, life insurance, gouds in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 14 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F\, Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market et., tel. *reen 204.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; no
commission; lowest Interest; part payments
received; money quick aad confidential. 1170
Market st.. room 6S.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth et.. upstair?: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121: established 1669.
$5 per month Interest on each $1000; 55 cents
per mo. on $100; »ny amount: on 2d mort-
gage, any security. Address Cash. Bx 2. Call.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up;
privete party. BONKLLI. 402 Geary at.
ON furnitur-'. pUWom; no commission: low
rates: private. BQRIBNKB * CO., 7 City
Hall Square
ANY Km, Ist or 2d mortgage*, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 to $50,000: lowest rates; Ist ami M mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 4!3 Montgomery.
CITY and country: at.y sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, .-stafs. Me. MtntPHY, n:s Mkt. ft.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister.
$100,000 on life insurance policies; low interest,
ins. R TOPLITZ. 330 Tine.
10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow mon-
ey: diamonds and jewelry.-
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office or The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want mis taken.
FINANCIAL."
J. BOAS. -330 Montgomery St.— Loans on Ufa
insurance policies and buys bank books. '
LOANS 'on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. MrAriCK BROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
MUSICAL IXSTKU.HEXTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash . ■ prices upon
monthly payments of $3, $4, $3, .-•:. $7. |S. ?■>,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, £8 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: -prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE tniying a piano it will pay you to
contiult us. Why? Because «c buy only in
carload lots-. p;iy cash for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. <TRTAZ &. SON, 16 to 20
O'Farrell St.. Curta* block.
CONOVER. slightly used, $350.
Steinway, slightly used. $275.
Chlckerlng. second hand. $100.
Large st... k, lowest prices, rout. Installments.
The F. W. SPBNCKR CO., 933 Market st.
SPLENDID opportunity this morning to se-
cure a fine upright piano at a great bar-
pain: investigate. THE J. DEWING CO.,
•econd Boar Flood bldg., Fourth and Market.
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve the op»ortu-
nlty; agency famous Haines Bros.. Hußh &
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 3:4 I'. .st.
LARGE stock of Steinway, Chickering and
other standard makes of upright pianos from
$125 to $2> at HEINE & CO.. 13C Ellis. T. M.
B. A. building: SHAW airertj..
DECKER & SON pianos are alwa
tory. Get low prices from Mauvais Music
m Market st.
(SMALL upright. $CS: fine large upright, $126;
Sterling. $150; 10 other good bargains. BOW-
ERS & SON. 23 and 2S Fifth st
SOHMER & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Briggs, and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
' Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market St.
SACRIFICED— EIegant upright piano; must
■ sell. 230 Kearny Bt.. room 26.
$40 piano: splondld instrument; great sacrl-
lic.-. 1131*4 Mission st.
BARGAIN— Mica upright cheap. SCHMITZ. It
McAllister' rt . r«-«r Hlbernta Bank. : .->-"*
PARTY going East must sell fine upright;
cost $500. R. 2.", 1021 Van Ness aye.
HORNUNG'S new "style pianos; most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. ?1G Post st.
KINGSBURY (1597 model) Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. 526 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABK llanos; new scale; new styles,
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
627 MONTGOMERY St.. branch" office of the
Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
■.' • •■ FIRMTtRB FOR SALE.
NEW furniture. 5-room flat: a bargain: flat to
let: host location in city. Box 416. Call office.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR sale Second-hand lumber, t. and p.. $5;
> flooring, $10; pine, $6; liay District track
buildings.
FIRST-CLASS bakery, central part of Oak-
land, baking 2 barrels of flour per day; good
wagon route. 401 San Pablo aye.
'96 SHIRK, '97 Rambler Special; almost new;
cheap. 1207 Howard st.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring for $33; worth $65.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 -Grant aye.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard pups. Sire.
• Roxfe Taylor; bitch, Doris. Address "Press."
■ Irvlngton. Cal. .-^■•■-.•i
BARGAIN— horseshoe nickel In- slot ma-
chines. J. S.. box 1. Call Office, Oakland.
FOR SALE 2 Incubators and 6 brooders; cheap.
2709 Larkin st. »;
STREET roller, 2:6x2 feet, as good as new,
cost $60; will sell for $30. 11l Van Ness aye.
SOME new and second hand Sterling wheels;
. bargains. NICHOLS & CO.. 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bai^ralns in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONKS, 110: Records, $5 per dos;
Projectoscope, ?!<*>. Hacigalupi. 933 & 948 Mrkt
BOILEHS, engines. LM hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale St.
3. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-S6 Mission
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, stor« and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. lOli-lOia-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters. shelving. etc..
bought and sold. I<X3 Mission, near 7th.
WHISKY, Mcßrayer. April. 1592. from Ken-
tucky bonded warehouse direct; 65c per gal-
lon. F. EPHRAIM. 62S Market st.. S. F.
FOR sale cheap— second hand fireproof safe at
42 Main st.
SECOND hand dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
RETIRING from business: our entire stock of
rattan furniture and baby carriages will be
sold at wholesale cost. California Rattan
Works. 745 and 747 Mission, bet. 3d and 4th.
. CIS LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads tak<*n.
SEWING MACHINES.
i $1 MONTHLY: rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth.
i ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth.
LOST.
I LADY'S gold watch, old-fashioned chain and
locket, containing hair and motto; monogram
11 M. B. on case; valued as sift from rela-
tive now dead. Suitable reward upon return
to W. H. BAGGE. 1740 Mission st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Trmnclaco, in the
name of Jacob Hypok; No. 2141331. The finder
will please return to bank.
110 REWARD for ladies' gold watch. No.
31f>.69!>. on train, bet. Lnthrop and -San Jose.
KO. H. KELLOGG. College Park.
I BRING old gold and silver to me and get cash
for It. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
IRISH s.-Uer bit. h. Keturn to 1703 Howard st.
LiST Pass book with the Hibernia Savings
i and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ELIZABETH WHITTEN or DO-
RENDA ELIZABETH' WHITTEN, No. 139,-
037. The finder will irtease return to bank.
)ELIGHTFUL home for a gentleman is ob-
tainable in a private family, residing on a
punny coiner in Western Addition; convenient
to 4 lines of carst. Address J. \\\. box 4_'7,
Call office.
OLD-FASHIONED gold earring set with pearl.
337 Geary st., care MUS. STARK. Reward.
CITY IlE.iI, ESTATE.
$30 DOWN, balance $13 35 monthly; new 4-room
and bath 'cottage and lot: close to car lines;
5 already sold. JACOB : HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
■ gomery st. . :•■.-. t
PLACES for sale, to let and to lease in all
parts of the city and country. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Market street.
$s:.Oo— For sale, immediately, gilt-edged resi-
dence property. Address, box 435 Call office.
G. M. SALSBURY, builder. EH X st. ; low esti-
mates: -plans given; dry washers made for
placer mining.
4-RM. cottage and lot. $1500; 1 block from Mis-
sion cars; $16 monthly. L'ABIN. 413 Kearny.
COUNTRY i<E.VL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Up to date ranch. 40 acres: level,
! fertile; fine overflowing artesian v/e!ls» dry
: season not feared; houses, barns, etc., IS al-
together; fine shade tiees for poultry: lovely
little variety orchard; near station; fronts on
railroad; near sugar beet mill; price reduced;
33 miles from San Francisco. Address box
457. Call office. .
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to -room 703, Claus Spreckels building.
F' >R >ile — (Jlen Annie ranch, one of the best-
known ranches In Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PERCY LAWTOX, Santa Barbara.
WANTED— To buy, rent or exchange for a
ranch or nursery. J. R., box 5, Call office,
o.ikland.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta County. Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved: easy
terms; ulro 4 fo 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
yeart' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
fvrry Monday nt 632 Market st.. S. I«\
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FIVE acres, I'pper Fruitvale; 6 room house,
barn: 1- -arniK iruit; J.4UUU. C. K. KING, 002
Broadway, Oakland.
SAN JOSE ranch. 69 acres, 3 miles from city;
elegant land to trade: rents $400. C. K.
Kixc. M Broadway, Oakland.
ELEGANT corner and grocery business. San
Jose: lot 1Wx200; several stores: all to trade.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
FIVE acres. Hay wards; house and barn, $1250.
C X KINO, Ml Broadway, Oakland.
NEW 3 room house. Fruitvale; lot 30x106; only
$900; trade for a lot. C. K. KING, MB Broad-
way. Oakland.
MODERN residence. !» rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc.; near Grove St.; lot 60x160;
plumbing nickel plated; electric wiring;
street work complete: price $35"f1: terms to
suit. I.ake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED,
Manager, 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
$2.»— ONE acre with house of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, fchexls. etc. ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO.. 902 Broadway.
IT'S not too late; if you come at once you can
buy a cottage, cabin and lot for $150. $10
cash, $3 monthly; a $75 lot. well worth $150.
$5 cash, $5 monthly; streets all graded, some
macadamized: fine school and 3 electric-car
lines near: climate, soil and situation very
best. H. Z. JONES, owner of the Allendale
tract. East Oakland. 459 NJnth st., bet.
Broadway and Washington, Oakland: car-
riage free.
$3000— HOUSE of 6 rooms, with furniture, lot
-.".xllti; basement 9 feet high; choicest loca-
tion in Aiameda: close to R. R. depot. Par-
ticulars WILKE, 13* Market St.
KLONDIKE or bust— lo room house. Eighth
St., Oakland; lot 70x100; barn, etc.; value
$in.nn«i; reduced tn $60fi0; a snap: $2500 cash;
balance can remain. Box 42"). Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United States
or Panada one year for $1 50. postage fr#».
miIUR REAL. ESTATE.
SEE this at once; new S-room modern house,
3 blocks east of Berryman station, Berkeley;
price $3.1^). worth $4500: make your own
terms; also have other houses. See owner
and houses. 1427 Spruce St.. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSE of 10 rooms in Mission $3000; for
house of 5 to 7 rooms. $S*XW to $7000. I pay
difference. J. F. PH'MBE. 1402 Valencia.
i'I.KAK Portland and Astoria property for
NM boarding or lodging house in San Fran-
cisco or Oakland. Address A. A., X Shipley.
1-OrtSEs.
BUOGIBB, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
sell. T. P. JEWELL, ISO 2 Mission, cor 14th.
DO not forget the sale of Fulton G. Berry's
liigh class carriage hackneys by Kllfip & Co.
on January 10, at 11 a. m., at salesyard,
Market and Van Ness aye.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 357 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SL'LLIVAX & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALI\-\\»-H matched young team with
harness and buckboard: can be seen at Ne-
vada Stable, 44 Clay. Price $125.
50 head of horses suitable for any business. Old
Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ALL kinds new and second-hand wagons, car-
riages, buggies, carts, harness; largest as-
sortment, lowest prices. 15th and Valencia.'
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
TWO express. 2 grocery. 1 business and piano-
box top buggy. 1161 Howard st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
W. J. Stoneham and Augusta Flanagan, 36-23.
John C. Lastufka and Emma Beran. 31—36.
Dominique Marquis and Anna Beulle. 2."> — 22.
■Tames J. M«-F»*.'l»-y and Annie Quirk. 2S-24.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the pnblicatlon offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
HERPF.Y— In Oakland, December 29, 1897. to
the wife of Fred H. Hersey, a daughter.
LKISKN— In Santa Rosa, January- 3. IS9B, to
the wife of William C. Leisen, a son.
WATSON— In this city, January 5, 189S, to the
wife of Irving Watson, v daughter.
MARRIED.
GORTENBI'RG— VISHOOT— In this city, Jan-
uary 8. IS9B, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Samuel
Gortenburg and Annie Vishoot, both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
BROPHY-In this city. January 7. 1898, Vera,
dearly beloved daughter of Charles J. and
Maggie E. Brophy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years and s months.
ICyFriends are resp->ctfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from her late residence, 313 Elsie
street, off Cortland avenue.
BYRNE— In this city, January 5, 1898, Mary
E., beloved wife of W. J. Byrne, and mother
of William J., Charles F., Mamie F., Mar-
tha J. and Joseph Byrne, a native of St.
John. N. 8., aged 54 years and 11 days.
Ey Friends and acquaintances are "respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this ilav.
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1407 Devisadero street thence to Holy
Cross Church. Eddy street, near Scott, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
t<rv
COOPER— In this city, January 6, IS3S, Ann,
. dearly • beloved wife of John Cooper, and
. mother of Jane Ellen. James, Emma. Wil-
liam, Mary Ann. Violet and Florence Cooper.
a native of Manchester, ' England, aged 40
* years. • . ;
(C Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. . 2315 A Mason street, near Vandewater,
thence to St. Franci?' Church, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONWAY— this city. January ,7. 1398," Mary-
beloved wife of John Conway. a native of
'. County. Roscommon. Ireland, aged 32 years
E^Remalns at the undertaking < parlors of
• McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
DOPSON— In this city, January 7. IS9B. Henry
Dopson, . a native ■of New York, aged 6G
year*."
ENGELS-ln this city. January 5. IS?3. Mrs
Eliza, beloved wife the late Captain Henry
G. T. EriKels. and mother of George and
John Enjrels and Mr*. Fred Druschel. a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 70
years and 6 months.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1128 Union street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:S0 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FLEMING— In this city. George, beloved son
of Jame< and Margaret Flaming, a native of
San Francisco, aged 11 years and 6 months.
GRAY— In this city. January 7. 1888, at his
r^si<!»nce. IMfi San Jose avenue, Richard Gray,
husband of Lucretla Hr, and father of James
H., Ellen S. and Mabal Gray, aged 53 years.
C?"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence.
Interment private, at San Kafael. Friends
will please omit flowers.
HOLT— In this city, January .". IS9S, Thomas
B. Holt, beloved father of Annie B. Slater
(nee Pierc.;), a native of England, aged 66
years.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday*, at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
Of his daughter, 537 Alvara l< street, near
'. thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets. Services to be
held under the auspices of Apollo Lodge No.
123, I. O. O. F.. at 2:30 o'clock. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARGADON— In this city. January 6, 189 S. An-
nie, dearly beloved sister of Katie, Xellie,
Mary, Peter and Bernard Hargadon. a na-
tive of Rivrrstown. County Sllgo, Ireland,
aged 24 years.
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), :it v> o'clock, from the residence
of John Kelly, U2 Welsh street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALJJNG— In this city, January fi. 1898, Dom-
iniek Hailing, a native of Illinois, aged 46
years.
B~y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite,] to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday ». at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
N. Cray & Co., 641 and MS Sacramento street.
HATJi— In Sonoma. January 5, IS9S, Charles
Henry Hall, beloved brother of Robert Hall,
a native of Hrnokline. Mass., aged 74 years
and 11 month?.
JOHNSON— In this city. January 7. IS9S, Jo-
seph Johnson, a native of Ireland, aged 68
years.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 6. IS9S. J.
Gustavus Johnson, a natrve of Sweden, aged
76 ytars.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Old People's
Home, corner Pine and Pierce streets, under
the auspices of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R.
Interment National Cemetery.
LOCKWOOD— In Berkeley, January 6. IS9B.
Fannie Dennis, beloved wife of Arthur D.
Lockwood, a native of California, aged 37
years 1 month and 16 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited In attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Euclid avenue and Cedar
street, Berkeley. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. v
MeSWEENET— In this city, January 5. 1898,
Irene Catherine, beloved daughter of James
P. and Margaret McSweeney, a native of
San Francisco, aged 15 years and 9 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parents'
resilience, 3!)40 Clay street, near First ave-
nue, thence to the Star of th» Sea Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEWELL— In this city, January 6, 189S, James
M., beloved husband of Mary E. Newell, and
son of William and Harriet Newell, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 47 years 10 months and
25 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), .it 1:30 o'clock, from Central M. E.
Church, Mission street, near Eighth. Inter-
ment CypreM Lawn Cemetery.
McI'HKKUAX - In this city, January fi. B9g,
Benjamin Mcl'herran. a native of Illinois.
aged 47 years. (Chicago papers please copy.)
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of James Hagan, 445 Valencia
street.
MAYKHOFER- In this city. January fi. Mt,
Josephine Adelia, beloved daughter of Eliza-
beth and the late P»>ter Mayrhofer, and Sister
of Mamie, Annie. Sophie, Wendel and Alber-
tina Mayrhofer, a native or" San Francisco,
aged 7 years 11 months and 16 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 52:30 o'clock from the residence
of her uncle, Mr. John Rajckert, 229 Twenty-
seventh street, between Dolores and Church,
thence to St. I'aul's < 'hurch, corner Twenty-
eighth and Church streets, lor services at 1
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NK TsrHERT— In this city, January 5, 1898.
Joseph Netschert, a native of Germany, aged
6S years.
IT?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1909 Mission street near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'i'OXXELIf- In this city. January ;'.. OH,
John J., beloved husband of Mary F. O'Con-
nell, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 63
years.
lC?"Tho funeral will take place this" day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 'Xis Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PALMER— In this city, January 7. 189 S. Mary
Ann. beloved wife of the late Allen Palmer,
mother af Mrs. A. Schwartz and Harry H.
and Fred R. Palmer and the late George Pal-
mer, and sister of Mrs. J. L. Phillips, a na-
tive of Plymouth, England, aged 71 years 11
months and 22 days.
It?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 44") Jessie street. Interment private,
in Masonic Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city, January 6, IS9B. Clif-
forl. beloved husband of Mary Phillips, a
native of Norwich, aged 3^ years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
MATTHEWS— In Oakland, January 7, IS9B, of
diphtheria, Marcia S.. beloved daughter of
WicklitfTe and Rose E. Matthews, a native of
Oakland, aged 5 years 9 months and 27 days.
PARKS— In this city, January 6. 1898, James
Herbert Parks, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 9 months.
ETFrknds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 3
o'clock, from 130 Steiner street. Interment
private.
QUIGLEY— In this city. January 7, IS9B, Brid-
get Qulgley. beloved mother of Frances,
James and the late Sister Mary Baptist Quig-
ley and Mrs. Dempsey of Cleveland, and
grandmother of James. Joseph, Frances,
Margaret, Frank and Vincent McDevitt, a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 94
years. (New York and Cleveland paper*
please copy. )
H^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday. January 10. at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 1709 How-
ard ptreet, thence to St. Charles Borromeo
Church, where a solemn requiem hish mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RKARDoN— In this city. January 5, IS9B, Dan-
iel J., beloved son of John C. and the late
Mary Reardon, brother of Maggie. Joseph
and George Reardcn and Mrs. J. Morgan, and
nephew M Mrs. James Smith, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years 7 months and
v days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SNEAD— In this city. Januaiy 6. IS9S. Michael
M. Snead. beloved father of John. Thomas,
Frank and Mary Snead, a native of County
. Cavan, Ireland, aged 63 years. (Seattle and
Brooklyn. N. V.. papers please copy.)
(C?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturdny). at S o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 27 Masonic avenue, off Geary street,
thence to Holy Cross Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHARETG— In this city. January 6, IS9S,
George, dearly beloved husband of Rosie
Scharetg. father of 'Walter, Louis. George,
Otto and Robert Scharetg, r.nd brotfeer of
Anton Scharetg, a native of Paspele, Canton
Grisonsi. Switzerland, aged C 2 years S months
and 17 days. A member of South San Fran-
CtBOO I*>dge N6, 212, F. and A. M.. S. F.
Grutli Verein, Court American No. 3, F. of
A., and Scandinavian Society.
CFr.ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. S'o2 Twenty-second street, corner of
Tennessee, thence to Masonic Hal!, South San
Francisco, where funeral services will be
held, commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Cyprrss Lawn Cemetery.
WIATT— In Halfmoon Bay. January 6. IS9S,
Annie Wiatt. beloved mother of Patrick J.
and the late Edward J. Powers, a native of
Ireland, aged G7 years and 3 months. (New
Orleans papers please copy.)
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from Halfmoon Bay.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, San Mateo
County, Cal
YOl'NCr— ln this city, January 7. IS9B, Mar-
garet Young, a native of Bourou^h, Kings
County, Ireland, aged 45 years.
ffj^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, irom the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co, 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street,
for services, at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
1^"™"" ""m'cAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
20 fIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School.
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embaimers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the us 4
of out natrons. Jt«M«»r tiros on our ambulanca.
1314
THE CLOUDS
OF TROUBLE
DIM A STAR
Police Officer Brown
lie Accused of
Being Fickle.
Mrs. Ella Goff Objects to
Attentions Shown Her
Daughter.
Commissioners Will Listen to
Charges Against One of
the "Finest."
THE GIRL IS HYSTERICAL.
It Is Said That Her Liking for the
Ace vised Turned Her
Mind.
Women, without those exhilarating
accompaniments, wine and song, , that
have long been held togive to the mind
of man consummate bliss, are respon
sible for a cloud that now hangs over
Police Officer John Brownlie, one of
the "finest' 'in the force. To-night he
will face the policeman's bar of justice
— the Police Commissioners— and an
swer charges preferrd against him by
Mrs. Ella M. Goff, in behalf of her
19-year-old daughter Ella, and try to
refute — perhaps succeed in refuting —
the accusations made against him.
In the charges It is easily seen that
the result depends upon which will
have the most weight before the Com
missioners, that of a woman or a man.
Both claim to have evidence which will
carry their point and the result is anx
iously awaited by the members of the
police force and the relatives of the ac-
About two years ago Brownlie was
detailed on Van Ness avenue, and as is
usually the rule the officer soon had
many friends iilon^ his "beat," among
them, for a while, the Goff family. He
patrolled his beat with diligence, but it
i« claimed th> form of a woman was
uppermost in his mind during his lone
ly watches, lie passed the Goff house
from time to time, for what reason has
not been made plain, but in time Ella
Goff watched for his coming with more
than a passing interest.
It is claimed that the girl is simple
minded and became infatuated with
"brass buttons," and, true enough, she
has been confined in Dr. Whitley's San
itarium in San Mateo for a short period
of three weeks. On her return she
again met Brownlie, and he did not
to object to the meetings. It is
claimed by Mrs. Goff that the hand
some officer was a frequent visitor to
the house, and that he seemed to re
turn- the affection which Ella had be
stowed upon him. From words uttered
by ihe mother of the pirl she was per
fectly satisfied with the arrangements,
but was anxious that her daughter
should be protected from the schemes
of any ill-minded person. Hence she
was particular to be present at the
meetings, as she states that an officer
is not any too good to suit her.
Then the visits of the officer became
less and less frequent, and trouble was
Been to be brewing. The mother, ac
cording to the officer's story, asked him
to- marry the girl, but he shrank from
the invitation. Again and again the
request was made, but each time an
answer came in the negative. The war
commenced. A mother Is not at any
time well pleased with a man who will
slight the affections of her daughter,
and the officer saw himself sinking Into
a dark' and bottomless pit.
The story of his meeting the girl
finally resulted in his being transferred
to the California street police station,
where he was nut on Mason street.
For the past two days he has been
confined to his bed. and the position
he has guarded has been held by a
stranger, but without doubt the officer
will be sufficiently in control of his
health to meet the Commissioners in
Bpecial session to-night.
Infatuation is denied on both sides
of the controversy — that is, from their
own sides— but the others say "she was
watching for me, "and again "he came
often to see us." Without doubt the
Police Commissioners are in an ex
ceedingly dusty path, as they will
necessarily be called upon to "dish up"
Justice whether the officer loses his
coveted star or the girl her warm
heart.
Of course the course of true love is
not at all times smooth, but in this
case it is difficult to determine just
where the love — or mildly speaking,
infatuation — is concealed or whether
or no it has existed doubly or in a
one-sided manner. "What could the
poor girl do?" is asked by the mother,
and the gallant policeman replies, "Do
without me so far as I am concfVned."
Hiß story says she pursued him and
he had to work downtown to escape
her, and the opposition says, "I wanted
him transferred as he has proven to
be not 'true blue.' "
Officer Brownlie saysthat hehasbeen
made the victim of a girl who does not
know her own mind, and that the
mother has tended to thicken the mist
which is at present surrounding him.
He said last evening: "I was de
tailed on Van Ness avenue about two
years a so, and since that time I have
not had any peace of mind to speak
of. I am now charged with conduct un
becoming an officer, but I will easily
prove that I have acted as I should and
that a mother and daughter have
caused me more trouble than all the
rest of my business or pleasures com
NEW TO-DAY.
SALT
Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in-
stantly relieved by a warm bath ■with Ci ri
cura Soap, a sinple application of Crrin-R*
(ointment), the groat skin cure, and a full dose
of ( r-jii-i ra Resolvent, greatest of bloo<i
purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
I«eotd thrmiihfrotths world. Pott«b Dsro aud Cbkm.
Corp., Ptojw., Boiton. " How to Cnw 8«lt Rhenm,"fre«.
Fli I IMP UHID Pinplf T»em. B«by BlemUhet,
MURDER FOR DIVIDEND
Another act in the sad tragedy of Mrs. Churchill's murder by the
Street Car Company occurred at 1 p. m. yesterday at the Union Under
taking parlors, coiner of Fifth and Jessie streets. Rev. John A. B. Wil
son, D. D.. pastor of the Howard-street M. E. Church, conducted
the funeral s-ervice, made this allusion to the circumstances of her
death:
"I came to comfort the bereaved and to point them to the hope be
yond. I should, however, be derelict in my duty as a man of God and a
lover of my kind if I did not call public attention to the constant menace
to life which has resulted in the murder for pelf of this industrious
self-respecting, self-supporting woman. The officers, directors, man
agers and stockholders of the Street Car Company by whose criminal
grasping for gain she came to her death are no worse individually
than the rest of us. It is the weakness and the wickedness of human
nature that is in us all save as regenerated and controlled by divine
grace. But none the less should public attention be called and public
measures taken to protect human life against both corporate and in
dividual recklessness.
"This woman came to her death because there were no adequate
fenders upon the car which crushed her. The cars of this city are
unsupplied because to put them on would cost the companies many
thousands of dollars; and by ihat much lessen the profits of the stock
holders. The gentlemen who manage the business know that this neg
lect is jeopardizing human life every day, with a certainty of monthly
murders. But it is less expensive to bribe legislators to enact insuf
ficient laws and executors of law not to enforce and to maintain a
horde of hirelings to pettifog for the perversion of justice than to sup
ply the necessary safeguard.
•'Theodore Durrant met his death to-day for a horrible murder, but
I dare to say that he was no more a murderer than are those respon
sible for the absence of a safety appliance upon this car. And yet
these gentlemen are neither heathens nor Mohammedans. Many of
them are members of Christian churches and <>f Jewish synagogues.
To them all the Bible is a sacred book, and in their private lives they
in some fair degree regard its precepts of Justice and mercy. Why
is it that such men when acting with the divided responsibility of cor
porate capacity forget the most essential of humanity? It is one
of the sad unsolved problems of our poor fallen nature. The walking
public is at their mercy. The laws and courts appear to furnish no
redress, and if in the exercise of their natural right of self-protection,
the people most in dange- should rise en masse to execute exemplary
punishment, under the military despotism to which our Government
nas degenerated in five hours the citizen soldiery would be called out
to compel at the point of the bayonet our peaceable submission to this
danger and death forced upon us by corporate greed. And to think
ihat our Revolutionary fathers shed their blood to give us a Govern
ment of the people, for the people, by the people, that we might be left
to the peaceable enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi
ness. But these sacred rights of man and of American citizenship
are being more and more sacrificed to conscienceless demand for swol
len dividends: of which the disfigured, lifeless form of Mrs. Churchill
before me is a sad example. No reformation will be made from con
sideration of the abstract rights of man or the sacredness of human
life. Nothing but an aroused public opinion, incandescent with just
indignation, will secure redress. I know not that it will do any good.
but for results I am not responsible, and I do here and tiow lift up my
voice in solemn protest against the awful disregard of the peopled
rights and of the worth of human life of which we have furnished us
BO terrible a lesson in the mutilated body of this murdered woman.
\nd I am encouraged to hope by the knowledge, that after they hud
committed more than 100 murders I saw the managers of the Brooklyn
trolley system ..impelled to put fenders upon their cars and so stop
the holocaust in human life by a slight sacrifice of dlviOenns for fend
ers \nd the public .sentiment which compelled them was made by
an aroused press and pulpit. Will not the newspapers and the pulpit
of San Francisco take up this cause until a like protection is afforded
to our endangered people?"
blned. When I first went on my beat i
I was watched by the girl and after- ;
ward met her. I acknowledge being ac
quainted with her. but the idea that I
should marry her is so abhorrent to me
that I asked to be transferred to the ,
California-street station.
"The mother of the girl asked me to
marry her as she said the girl was in
love with me, but 1 positively refused.
She then demanded that I put up suffi
cient money to pay her expenses as I
had shown her considerable attention
during the past months, but 1 again
refused and she threatened to prefer
charges against me for acting in a
manner unbecoming an officer. I am
not In the least nervous concerning the
outcome of the examination before the
Commissioners, as I know that I have
done nothing wrong. If they say I
have, I will give them a chance to
prove it. The girl is insane and I don't
want to have anything to do with her.
I am not a marrying man. If I felt
so inclined I would not marry the
daughter of a woman \vho has eaus-'l
me so much trouble, even though she
was in her right mind.
"I will let them make their accusa
tions and then prove them to be false
hoods. If I recover sufficiently from
my ailment I will attend the special
meeting of the commissioners and the
case will soon be settled. I have wit
nesses to prove that I am in the rich*
as even the girl's own sisters say that
the girl is insane and that the mother
is not a proper person to associate with.
This coming from a daughter is rather
strong and would carry considerable
weight. Attorney Brandon. wh<> lives
at 3796 Eighteenth street, has been en
gaged by the Goff family, as I was
asked to come before him in his office
about a month ago. I went, but I had
Deputy Sheriff Van Dewe with me to
testify as to the answers I gave to his
; questions.
"When I entered his office he told me
that the mother of the girl had request
ed that I should marry her. but I re
fused and hence the trouble. "
In the opinion "f Mrs. Ella ML Goff,
the widowed mother of the unfortunate
girl whose passion for Officer Brownlie
i almost deranged her mind— a mind
which her mother says is that of a
child of very tender years— an irrepar
'. able injustice has been done herself and
child, and that if right predominates
the beat of the man she accus.-s will
! not be changed, but he will bo dismiss
ed from his position in disgrace. Last
I evening while the girl who brought
: about the troubles of her mother and
! the guardian of the peace slept peace
: fully in an adjoining apartment, una
' ware of the entanglement that had re
| suited from her acquaintance .vith
Brownlie, Mrs. Goff, her mother, and
her sister, Lottie M. Goff, told the story
of her relationship with the officer, its
evil results and their reasons why the
i charge had been preferred.
"It was about six weeks ago," said
Mrs. Goff, "when my daughter became
i a helpless victim of hysteria, and I de-
I cided to remove her to Dr. Whitley's
I sanitarium in San Mateo County for
j treatment. She had been there but a
' few days when I learned that her men
| tal disorder was due to her relatio
! ship with Officer Brownlie. T'p to that
j time I had no knowledge that she had
! met, was meeting and cared for the
I policeman, and when I learned that
: such was the case I became greatly mi
i dignant. I constder that Policeman
Brownlie is not a fit companion for my
daughter, or any one else's daughter
who has a fair name to protect, and I
immediately took steps to adjust the
injustice that had been done me and
mine. My daughter began improving
shortly after her arrival at the sani
tarium, and in three weeks she re
turned to the city and I cared for her
myselr.
"In the meantime Mrs. Markel, who
cared for my child at the sanitarium,
came and told me that Ella's passion
for Officer Brownlie was directly the
I cause of her nervous troubles and that
it would be beneficial if I allowed him
!to call on her. This of course I con
sented to do, believing that if it would
benefit Ella it would not be right to
deny the officer admittance to the
j house. He came several times, but I
was present at every interview and
saw that my child's naturally imma
ture mind, weakened by disappoint
ment, was not taken advantage <>f.
"During the visits of Officer Brownlie
I talked and expostulated with him on
j the course he had pursued In meeting
my daughter in secret, I knew not how
many months. I told him if he desired
to marry my daughter that inasmuch
as he had almost disgraced her I would
connent, but he said that he was not
of the marrying disposition. This, I
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANX ATCY 8, 1898.
believe. I believe that a man who, as
my daughter Lottie says, is constant
ly seeking the association of school
girls and who is almost of middle age
manifests naught but the characteris
tics of an unprincipled libertine an.l
should be deprived of favors at the
hands of thepublic. That my daugh
ter cares for him very much there can
be no doubt, and I believe that it is
(•wing to his determination and refusal
not to marry her that she become a
victim of hysteria.
"I do not believe that the relation
that existed between my child and the
man who has wronged her transgress
ed the ethics of societ\ . only in the fact
that his act in allowing her to become
infatuated with him, and still associat
ing with her in secret, which he did
with no good intention, has cast a
shadow on her already shadowed mind
that may remain forever."
HEBREW GERMAN OPERA.
The Selection at the Bush-street
Theater Was Weil Rendered.
One. of the best selections presented
liy the Hebrew Opera Company at the
Bush-Street Theater was that present
ed last night. It was "Alexandra, tin-
Crown Prince of Jerusalem," an oper
etta Jn four acts by Prof. Lateiner. tin
music being by Minkofsky. All the
scenes are effective and pretty.
The parts were well-sustained and
especially those taken by Mr. L«-vin
son, who portrayed the title role, and
Mme. Karp. who enacted Naomi.
The chorus was well trained and on
the whole it was a better play than
generally offered at the moderate
prices asked.
Daogerously 111.
Ruth, the fi-year-old dauphtrr of Dr.
Kcfney. is lylnp dangerously ill at her
home. 222" Clay Street, with diphthorin.
She Is LMriK attended by Dr. Shumat*
and her father.
AFFIE WARNER'S RACE IS NOT YET RUN.
Miss Warner, who has K-r>n undergoing a course of treatment for consump
tion at the hands of I >r. HirschfoWW. has entirely recovered, and will again
come before her old admirers in Ovorgc Broad hursts jiiay, "What Happened
to Jonee." which will open at the California during the early part of next
month.
Miss Warner came r.m to the coast some time ago with "Old Kentucky,"
playing the part of Madge, the Blue Grass heroine, who rides the winner
home.
Her clever acting and personality have won her a host of friends,
who will be glad to congratulate her on her return to health and the sta^e.
Harry Corson Clark, formerly of the Prawley company, has obtained the
entire western rights for "What Happened to Jones," in which he will, for
the first time, essay the character of a young man.
BEATEN WITH
A BLACKJACK
Albert Foulson, a Soldier,
Attacked by a Des
perate Stranger.
While Walking Along the
Ocean Beach He Is As
saulted and Robbed.
The Police Are Endeavoring to
Get a Clew to His
Assailant.
Albert Foulson, a private In Battery
B. stationed at the Presidio, claims he
was assaulted by a man near the Cliff
House yesterday afternoon, and after
being beaten into insensibility with a
"black jack," was robbed of $3 and a
silver watch. Foulson subsequently
appeared at police headquarters, his
face covered with blo<>d that flowed
from an ugly wound over the left eye.
According to the w.mnded mans
story, he was walking along the beach,
when a poorly .lad stranger accost
ed him for 25 cents. Foulson paid no
attention to him, and was in the act
of walking away when the stranger
struck him over the head with the
"black jack," which he had concealed
in his sleeve, felling him to the sand.
While he lay prostrate on the beach his
assailant went thro-ugh his clothes,
taking his watch and money.
After recovering consciousness Foul
son walked along the road to a saloon,
where he told the bartender the story'
or the assault and robbery. He was
advised to visit police headquarters and
inform Chief Lees of the occurrence.
Boarding a steam car Foulson rode to
the Central Police Station, arriving
there shortly after " o'clock. He de
scribes the robber as being about 5 feet
8 inches in height, rather stout
build and having a small light mus
tache. He was poorly dressed, and
wore a dark slouch hat. which was
pulled dr.-wn over his eyes. Foulson is
convinced that he can identify him if
be is arrested.
"The attack was so sudden," he said,
when tolling his st"ry. that I could
not defend myself. I left the barracks
shortly after noon yesterday, intending
to take a trip to the Cliff House. After
viewing Sutro Heights and the Cliff
House I v,:iik'-d down the road and
Rtood on the bearh for some time. I
noticed the stranger watching me, but
thinking that he was admiring my un
iform, T paid no attention to him. As
I start- d along the beach he followed
me, and when near the » Hympic Club
Pumping Works he asked me for some
money. I laughed at him, and started
to walk away, wh*'n he knocked me .
down and then robbed me."
LOST HIS TROUSERS.
Peter Holland Is Reported to Be
forced to Wecr Borrowed
Clothing.
Peter Holland, who lives at 551 Stev
enson street, is sr -ry that he ever met
a colored strang r who Is now being
looked for by the police. But what'a
done cannot he undone, and Holland
realizes it. While having 1 a little time
all to himself he met the dark hued
stranger and a friendship, probably
caused by lon< sc-meness, immediately
was sealfl.
After sever*] glances on the wine
while it was Ted. the stranger invited
Holland to share his room with him
that night Holland acquiesced and the
twain retired. When Holland awoke in
tho morning he discovered that the
supposed friend was gone and that he
h.i'i evidently worn two pairs «.f trous
ers as well as shoes. Holland searched
the roam, l>ut the articles of clothing
as wHI as what money he had when re
tiring were missing. Holland was in a
dilemma, but aft^r explaining his po
sition to the landlord of the house he
was able X>i borrow some cast-off
clothing an<l reported the loss to the
police. Holland still wears the borrow
ed clothing, according to the latest re
ports.
Miss Coolbrlth to Lecture.
Miss Ina Coolhrith will address tho
Century Club n*>xt Tur.sd.-iy nipht on
"Personal Keminscences of California
Writer*."
JAMES W. H. CAMPBELL ILL
James W. H. Campbell, the well-known grain and commission merchant.
Is dangerously ill and is not expected to recover. Ever since the days of
gold he has been a well-known figure in California, and J. J. Keegan, secre
tary of the State Board of Harbor Commissioners, remembers well the
days when, as a boy, he sold poach stones to him in Sacramento at the
rate of $1 50 per hundred. In those days peaches sold for as much as they
do now by the hundredweight, and consequently the stones were valuable
for planting.
For some time past Mr. Campbell has been a Very sick man, but it has
only been within the last few months that he has taken to his bed. Horse
back riding was prescribed by his physician, and Mr. Campbell was to be
seen daily in the saddle until his horse threw him, and then he became a
pedestrian once more. He grew gradually worse, and a stroke of paralysis
finally confined him to the house. All sense of feeling has gone from the
left side, and about the only thing the invalid can do for himself is to sign
his name. His wife is in constant attendance upon the sick man, and every
thing possible is being done for him.
Mr. Campbell has a horror of the- law courts, and in consequence is
settling up his estate as far as possible. His grain elevator and ware
houses have been sold to the Jardine Iron Works, and the structures are
now being improved. All of his other properties, with the exception of the
home ranch in Napa County and his own town house on Lombard street
have been turned into cash, which is easily handled. Everything, it is said',
will go to Mrs. Campbell, and ehe will have the distribution of the estate.'
The only relatives Mr. Campbell has here are his sister, Mrs. J . Everding
and his brother William, now on the ranch In Napa. The latter according
to report, has been allowed $6 a week for the term of his natural life to be
paid by Mrs. Campbell.
Others who are said to have been remembered are David Stewart who
has been Mr. Campbell's bookkeeper for a great many years, his sister and
aged ministers. All the gifts will be distributed during Mr. Campbell's life
time save one. The family residence on the death of Mrs. Campbell is to
be transformed into a home for aged ministers.
Mr. Stewart has been constantly in attendance upon Mr Campbell' of
late, and it is he who has been attending to all his business affairs The
estate now being turned into cash is said to be worth in the neighborhood
of $500,000. but the chances are that its exact value will never be known
son he met with a copy of the proverbs of Solomon, but a year or so ,„
Mr. Campbell has one great hobby. For years he has presented every D er
Sresent n from o him? "*" Testament ' and near * *11 hiS frtends have one Is a
NOVEL IDEA
FOR A FLAG
Children Will Produce a
Unique Jubilee
Effect.
Decorations to Extend From
the Ferry to Van Ness
Avenue.
Dormer Parlor, N. S. G. W., Wishes
a Float— Big Show of Celtic
Societies.
The musical part of the entertain
ment to be held under the auspices of
the Golden Jubilee committee in
Woodward's Pavilion on the afternoon
of January 24 will be all ripht. Theii
Is no doubt of that, for the arrange
ments are now practically completed
and favorable judgment has been
passed by those competent to criti
cize.
Mrs. Josephine Gro, the well-known
composer and author of "Hail Califor
nia," will manage the chorus feature
of the programme and take chargy of
the large body of school children dur
ing the afternoon. Three hundred
school children, selected from the va
rious local grammar schools, will be
banked directly in front of the speak
er's stand so as to produce the effect
of an American flag. Forty-five boys,
wearing blue capes on thoir shoulders
and golden stars on their breasts, will
occupy the upper left-hand corner of
the body and numbers of boys and
girls wearing in alternate rows red
and white capes will complete the
idea. The remaining space on each
side will be filled in with children
wearing yellow capes.
The children will sing in chorus
"America" and "Hail California " a
composition of Mrs. Gro, which has
attained such a popularity as to be
played as the finale to the band con
certs in Golden Gate Park Sunday
afternoons.
Other musical features will be sonars
by the Harmony Choral Club, the
Harmony quintet and the Knicker
bocker quartet. Casassa's band will
Kive a concert from Ito2p. m. The
soprano soloist has yet to be selected
to sing the "Star-Spangled Banner."
The California Decorating Company
has secured the contract for decorat
ing the streets during Jubilee week.
Lines flying ten flags will be stretched
across Market street from the ferry
to Van Ness avenue, and also across
the adjoining streets. Four or five
lines will be placed in each block. The
flags will be four by six feet in dimen
sion and the arrangement will be as
follows: Two American flags in the
center, with yellow pennants on each
side, bear flags outside the pennants,
pennants again outside the bear flags
and finally, two bear flags on the end
of the line. Each flap will be sep
arated from the others by a distance
of three feet.
Rev. D. O. Crowley and Patrick
Kroderick of the A. O. H. state that
there will be at least 2000 foot soldiers
In the division of the Celtic societies
of the troops. The A. O. H. will cer
tainly enter one float in the parade
and possibly two. T. R. Bannerrmm
Colonel T. F. Barry and F. P. Scully
have been selected by the order to act
as aids to Grand Marshal Morse.
Through their Boards of Supervisors
Ventura County has selected Dr. C. L.
Bard and Hon. T. A- Rice to act as
U-H U^ a Count >-. E. A. Forbes and
v\jlliam Eylund; Yolo County R M
Brown and C. M. Keefer ' L
The directors of the Mechanics' In
stitute have decided to enter a float
t C ea n m S d inS O f an old-fasnioned oro
team drawn by a span of eight mules
der SSRt! to C K° ntain the lar^ est
der that can be procured
w Th t P onner Parlor of the N. S. G
TS . of Truckee has asked Grand Presf
fn nt G - D - C ark to have something
In the parade reminiscent of the
Dormer party which perished so near
Truckee while striving to reach the
Golden Mecca of the Pioneers
A committee of the N. DOW m t
last evening: at the headquarters in the
Palace Hotel. Uttle else was discussed
than whether they should accompany
their flOat on foot on horseback or in
carriages. It was finally decided to
CntlP^ 6 consi , der atlon of the question
until the meeting- to be held in Native
Sons' Hall next Sunday at 2 p. m
The Mining Fair.
A very novel plan was adopted yes
terday l.y the management committee
of the Gold«n Jubilee Mining Fair in
order to advertise it through the me
dium of local merchants. Several hun
dred rubber stamps advertising the
fair and Klondike exposition have been
ordered and will be distributed among ,
the merchants of the city. It is ex
pected that they will use these on their
letters, bills, statements and envel
opes.
Tuolumne county has organized a
Jubilee committee and is working very
energetically to make a success of the
Tuolumne county display.
The art gallery will be embellished
this year with a collection of a number
of views of early California history,
which have been gathered at great ex
pense by a gentleman of this city who
is an expert in his line. The collection
numbers some 400 pictures.
One of the most interesting features
of the fair will be the band contests
which Musical Director Healy is now
arranging for. Letters have been re
ceived from hands at San Diego, Santa
Catalina Island. Marysville, PetaJuma
and other interior towns, asking for
the terms of competition and the
prizes that will be offered.
Another departure is to be made in
the Exposition's handling its own daily
paper. It is known as "The California
Nugget." and it will be filled with all
kinds of good things.
WARNED THE BOARD.
Fuoera! Directors Do Not War)t the
City Cerrjetery Closed.
The Western Addition Funeral Direc
tors, holders of the contract to bury
the indigent dead, have notified the
Board of Supervisors that they consider
the recently enacted ordinance prohib
iting burials in the City Cemetery as
invalid and illegal.
The directors reserve their rights to
impeach the ordinance in the courts
and to bury the indigent dead in the
prohibited ground until the practice is
stopped by an act of the Legislature
It is demanded that the board desig
nate and furnish a place for the inter
ment of the indigent dead now in the
hands of the undertakers or any that
may hereafter be placed there.
Dr. Wilson do Lecture.
Rev. John A. Ft. Wilson. D. D.. pastor
of Howard Street M. E. Church, will ad
dress a mass meeting for both men an<\
women at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation auditntinm. Mason and Ellis
streets to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
This will be his first appearance before
the association, and his subject will be
"The Force that Moves the World.' The
Howard Street M. E. Churoh Choir will
sing several selections at this service.
A Brilliant Affair.
The National Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers will hold their third grand elec
trical display and ball at Odd Fellows'
Hall this evening. The affair promises to
be a brilliant one. as the committee has
devoted all its time to making this year's
display surpass that of last year.
For throat, lung troubles. Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome St.*
COULD NOT LIVE
WITHOUT HER
Mysterious Disappearance
of an Attractive Young
Woman.
Mrs. Hart, Despondent Over
Her Friend's Death, Threat
ens Suicide.
Her Brother Is Convinced That Sh«
Has Done Away With,
Herself.
Frank Lowry. a horseman, visite po
lice headquarters yesterday afternoon
and invoked the aid of Chief of Police
Lees and his men in finding his sister,
Mrs. R. Hart, who mysteriously disap
peared two days ago.
The missing woman lived at 1605
Howard street. L,owry returned from,
the East several days ago and went to
see his sister. She appeared despon
dent and when asked for an explana
tion she declared that she was heart
broken and did not care to live.
"I have lost my best friend," she
tearfully remarked, "and you need not
be surprised to hear of my death."
In answer to her brother's ques
tions the woman said that her best
friend had met with a horrible death
and that she intended to shortly fol
low her. She referred to Mrs. Rose
Ashton. who fell from a second story
window of a house at 411 Tenth str<**t
on Xew Year's day and was almost in
stantly killed. The two women were
inseparable, their actions giving rise
to the belief that they were sisters.
Lowry chided his sister about feel
ing heartbroken over the tragic end
ing of her friend and vainly endeav
ored to cheer her up.
"I cannot, forget her," she remarked,
with tears in her eyes; "the thought
that poor Rose met with such a hor
rible death has almost driven me mad."
Mrs. Hart the donned her best
clothes, and after taking an affection
ate farewell of her brother left her
house. This was Wednesday, and since
then she has not been seen. He de
scribes her as being 24 years of age,
rather tall, and a pronounced blonde.
She wes fashionably dressed in a black
silk dress and a dark cape, trimmed
with white fur.
Lowry is convinced that his sister
has done away with herself. She has
a husband, who has been confined to
his bed for some time, due to a com
plication of diseases. He is greatly
worried over her disappearance, and,
like her brother, he strongly believes
that she has committed suicide.
After hearing the story of the dis
appearance of the unfortunate woman
Chief Lees immediately detailed De
tective Anthony to make a search for
her.
It is said that Mrs. Hart was seen
on Stockton street last Thursday aft
ernoon, weeping bitterly. To a friend
she said she was despondent over the
loss of Mrs. Ashton and had deter
mined to kill herself.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
■ Better Street Paving end Lighting
Urjder CoQsideratiorj.
The regular meeting of the Board of
, Directors of the Merchants' Assoeia-
; tion was held yesterday. President
; Dohrmann occupied the chair and the
, following directors were present: A.
! S. Baldwin, F. A. Brand, Joseph Brit
! ton, Hugo D. Keil. D. V. Kelly, John
E. Quinn and W. R. Sherwood.
The following were elected as regu
lar members of the association: An
spacher Bros., R. Beck, C. C. Hornung,
■ The E. G. Lyons Company, E. H
Mitchell, A. Nardini & Co., W. H. No
lan & Co., Charles M. T. Parker, C. B.
Parcells, Jacob Schwerdt, Scott & Van
Arsdale Lumber Company, Shores &
Snow, Swayne, Hoyt & Co. and W. S.
Townsend.
The subject of better lighting of the
city was fully considered by the
board. It was decided to have the
superintendent and engineer of the as
sociation submit a report embodying
full data upon this question, embrac
ing the experience of other cities In
this matter. Upon the facts shown in
this report, the board will proceed to
submit a report to the Board of Super
visors looking to the improved lighting
of the streets of San Francisco.
The matter of the repavement of
business blocks In the city was also
considered. The committee on ptfb
lic affairs having this matter in
charge reported that many signatures
of property owners had been secured
for the repavement of cobbled blocks.
It is expected that a sufficient number
of signatures will be secured to have
many of the business blocks, now
poorly paved, improved with a modern
pavement.
Seizure of Opium.
Inspector Henrichs yesterday afternoon
seized eight taels of opium on the Belgic,
lately arrived from China. The drug was
concealed in the vessel's shaft.
NEW TO-DAY.
♦+♦♦ ♦♦♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ »♦♦
! 23 Years !
I in |
I one • x
! spot- |
t 23 Years |
t one x
I quality I
x Jewelry. j;
I "The best." f
: One price. I
"The lowest."
! LUNDY, j
i Jeweler, j
t Under the Glaus Spreckels Bidg.
f A.A.A. I