VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 25.
SPANISH TROOPS ROUTED
BY AMERICAN CAVALRY
SUPERIOR
FORCE PUT
TO FLIGHT
Rough Riders Charge With
Roosevelt at Their
Head.
•■"■ * ' i
Thirteen. Americans filled and
Nearly Fifty Wounded in
tt}e Battle.
I AGUADORES, via Playa del Este, '
■ June 24.— Thirteen American caval- *
T rymen, including six of Roosevelt's 7
i Rough Riders, were killed and .
■ nearly fifty wounded in an engage- ■
T ment with a Spanish force that 7
X ambushed them. Among the kill- ■
t f ed was one officer, and six officers 7
f were wounded.
These troops had requested
that they be sent to the front at
once, and they were ordered to
march over the foothills from
Baiquiri last night. After a forced
CHARGE OF CAVALRY IN THE FIRST IMPORTANT ENGAGEMENT BETWEEN AMERICAN AND SPANISH FORCES.
The San Francisco Call
, march the troopers dismounted.
[They were then eight miles dis
j tant from Santiago. They heard
| the Spaniards felling trees a short
| distance from them, and they
SAN FIIANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1898.
LIEUTENANT-COLONEL THEODORE ROOSEVELT, Who Led His Rough
Riders in the First Pitched Battle on Cuban Soil.
were ordered to advance upon
the enemy.
The country hereabouts is cov
ered by high grass and chaparral,
and in this a strong force of Span
iards was hiding. As the Ameri
i cans moved forward they were
I met with a withering- fire. Colonel
i Leonard "Wood and Lieutenant
i Colonel Roosevelt led the charge
! with great bravery. They scorned
to hide themselves in the grass or
AMERICANS DEAD
UPON THE FIELD
ROUGH RIDERS.
Captain Allyn K. Capron, Troop L.
Sergeant Hamilton Fish Jr., Troop L.
Privates Tilman and Dawson, Troop L.
Private Dougherty, Troop A.
Private W. T. Erwin, Troop F.
FIRST CAVALRY.
Privates Dix, York, Bejork, Kolbe, Berlin and Len
marck.
TENTH CAVALRY.
Corporal White.
SOLDIERS WOUNDED
DURING THE BATTLE
■ ROUGH RIDERS.
H Troop, B— Privates E. M. Hill, Shelley, Fishier,
1 M. S. Newcomb, Fred N. Beale and Corporal Rhodes.
Troop E — Corporal James F. Bean, Privates Frank
™ Booth, Albert C. Hartley, R. G. Bailey, H. Alvers, E. J.
■ Atherton, Clifford Beed and Sergeant G. W. Arringo.
a Troop C — Sergeant Thomas F. Cavanaugh, Cor
y poral L. L. Stewart, Privates George Rowland, H. J.
I Haefner, Michael Coyle, R. M. Reid and M. Russell.
Troop L — Privates J. R. Keane, John P. Dernap,
f Thomas F. Meagher, Edward Calbers and Nathaniel Poe.
*f TENTH CAVALRY.
? Troop B — Privates Russell Games, Miller, Cross,
18 Braxton and Wheeler.
a Troop I — Privates Ridd and Mayberry.
I
b _b -■- a- ■ -■ -■-■-■-■-■ -a- ■- h-h-h -n -■- ■- ■- ■
underbrush, as the enemy did,
and ultimately they drove the
enemy back toward Santiago, in
fiieting heavy losses upon them.
The Rough Riders were support
ed by the Second Massachusetts
Volunteers and the First Regular
Ti»6E •'•■:EIJ2E CENTS.
Cavalry.
The American base has been
changed from Baiquiri to Sib
oney, and the army will advance
to Santiago to-morrow.
A number of Cubans took part
in to-day's fighting", and forty of2
MAP OF THE COUNTRY AND COAST ABOUT SANTIAGO DE CUBA, SHOWING THE FIELD OF
OPERATIONS OF THE AMERICAN MILITARY AND NAVAL FORCES.
Fifteen mile* to the east of Santiago, nt the month of the Rio Buiqulri, is the Iron pier at w liich the
transports landed their iirst troops on \\>dnenday.
Some eincht miles further east is the I'laya del Este, where the Americans have made a. shore con
nection with the cahle line running; from Santiago to Gnnntanamo, and thus secured quick, communication
with the I nited States, via Mole St. Nicholas and Cape Haytien.
The strategic naval movements accompanying: the landing; of. General Shatter's troops at Balquirl
were extended along: the twenty niiles of const line from Ilaconao to Cnbnniin, while the Cubans to the
west and north of Santiago attacked the outlying: Spanish pontn at the ovine time.
-\ t ( a iimui*. to the -»vest of the Morro liattery, the battleship Texas at daybreak cleared the enemy
from the shore batteries, while tienernl lUlii attacked the town of Mnzamorra just to the north.
The liitttleMhip lowa about the same time shelled and silenced the wnter batteries under the Morro,
while the Helena, Newport and Bancroft, with the yacht Vixen, drove the enemy from the fort at the mouth
of the Jurutc nn River, ten miles further east.
All the way dnwn the cnamt as far as Daromo the various other venae!:* of the hlockadl ng fleet and
the convoy squadron shelled the hills nnd the woods. dislodging the Spanish troop*, nho, in strong force,
were covering every available laiwliiu; place for a distance of eight leugue* on either aide of Santiago
harbor.
At !»:4«» n. m. the New Orleans, ■with the Detroit. Wasp, Machias and Suwanee, opened on the bat
tery covering the Baiqairi landing, and soon cleared the Spaniards out. A large part of the troops were
soon on shore nnd a strong force was at once thrown out on the road to Santiago. Just out from Daiquiri
on that road nun the scene of the first battle of the Americans on Cuban soil.
Herrneo and Sihoney. which were also objects of attack by the fleet, nnd where a part of the
Amertcnu troop" landed, are just east of Baiqniri. The army is camped on the rolling ground between
these places.
Every ronil lending out of Santiago, including those from Tlnyaino, Holgnin, Mayari and Gnantn
iiniiid, by which reinforcements might come, is covered by Rabi's and Garcia's men. Communication over
fairly jrc.oil roads has been established between the American camp and the main body of General Garcia's
army, operating along the Grand Calmano, or highway from Guantannmo to Santiago, to the HOiith of
Julia in the mountains, near which, the permanent headquarters of Gurciu's army li.-in been located for the
past twelve or eighteen monthtt.
them were killed.
Edward Marshall, a New York
correspondent, was at the front
with the Rough Riders and was
seriously wounded. A number
of newspaper men have gone with
food and water and a surgeon to
bring Marshall to the coast. The
enemy had received reinforce
ments from Santiago, who
brought with them ten field
pieces. They are fortifying the
hill at Sevilla, which commands
the road to Santiago.
The Rough Riders have re
ceived high praise from General
Shafter for the gallant style in
which they defeated the Span
iards. The enemy were utterly
routed.
General Castillo, with 2000 Cu
bans, reports having defeated the
Spaniards of Guasima with heavy
loss. The Cuban losses were less
than fifty. The insurgents cap
tured two railroad trains laden
with food supplies and 100 tons
of coal. Further re-enforcements
of Cubans are expected shortly.
Transports are now en route to
Cerra to get General Garcia and
his forces, who will be brought
here as quickly as possible.
Large quantities of supplies
and a number of horses were
landed at Siboney this morning.
The landing was covered by the
Montgomery, Suwanee, Scorpion
and Wampatuck. They shelled
the woods hotly, driving out the
enemy.
The troops sent out in advance
were commanded by General
Young. The Rough Riders were
on his flank, several miles further
inland. They were guarding him
from surprise. Of the cavalry
there were in the expedition sev
eral troops of the First and Tenth
and eight battalions of Rough
Riders, all dismounted. There
were not 1200 men in all. They
found 2000 Spaniard in the
thicket and finally drove them
back to the defenses of the town.
Fourteen dead Spaniards were
found, but this does not measure
the Spanish loss. The last resist
ance of the Spanish was at a
blockhouse, which was stormed
and carried. Four regiments of
infantry, including the Seventy
first New York and some of the
Ninth Cavalry, were hurried for
ward as a re-enforcement.
NEW YORK, June24—Ham
ilton Fish Jr., one of the killed,
was a young New Yorker of
good position and family, who
went to the front with Roose
velt's Rough Riders. He was of
distinguished ancestry, his family
being one of the oldest in this
State. His father, Nicholas Fish,
is the son of the late Hamilton
Fish, who was Secretary of State
in Grant's Cabinet. He is a bank
er and lives in this city.
Hamilton Fish was over six
feet tall, of herculean build and
rowed as No. 7 of the Columbia
College crew in its winning race
of 1894 over the Poughkeepsie
course.
DENVER, June 24.— First
Lieutenant George L. Byram of
the First Cavalry, who was
wounded at the battle of Santi
ago, was for four years and until
about a year ago, military ad
viser on the staff of the Governor
of Colorado. His wife and little
son are now residing in this city.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.,
June 24. — Private Frank Booth,
one of the men wounded at the
battle of Juragua, is a son of W.
A. Booth, wholesale liquor deal
er. When he enlisted he was as
sistant bookkeeper for E. J. Post
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1893.
& Co. High Albers, another of
the wounded, is a son of a well
known dairyman of this city. W.
T. Erwin, reported killed, is be
lieved here to have been I. R. Ir
win, who enlisted here in Troop
F. Sergeant G. W. Arringo,\vho
was wounded, is thought to be
Armijo, son of an influential
Mexican of this city.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., June
24. — Major N. A. Brodie, who
was wounded in to-day's battle
near Santiago, is a graduate of
West Point and a noted Indian
fighter. Lieutenant J. H. Thom
as of Indian Territory is a son of
Federal Judge Thomas. Cap-^
tain J. McClintock of Phoenix,
Ariz., is a newspaperman, former
ly reporter of the Associated
Press for several Western States.
Corporal Rhodes is a noted scout
and "trailer" of Arizona.
ALGER GETS THE NEWS
FROM PRESS DISPATCHES
Begrets the American Losses, But
Gratified Over the
Victory.
WASHINGTON, June 25.— Up to 2
o'clock this morning neither the Presi
dent nor Secretary Alger had received
news concerning the land engagement
near Santiago which occurred yester
day morning. When the first bulletin
relative to the engagement was shown
to Secretary Alger at 1 o'clock he ex
pressed the deepest concern and re
quested that he be given further par
ticulars as soon as received. Shortly
before 2 o'clock the story of tht? en
gagement was read to the Secretary
through a telephone. As the names of
the killed and wounded were read the
Secretary counted the numbers aloud,
apparently making note of them as
they reached him.
While the Secretary expressed the
deepest regret for the loss of the offi
cers and men, he was greatly
to learn that the American forces had
achieved what appears to have been a
decisive victory. So great was the in
terest Alger manifested in the battle
that he reauested. notwithstanding the
lateness of the hour, that he be given
any further -irticulars which might
be received. No Information concern
ing the officers and the men killed in
the engagement could be obtained at
the War Department, as no official
having charge of the muster rolls was
on duty.
Captain Allyn K. Capron of Troop L.
Roosevelt's Rough Riders, who is
among the killed, was a son of Captain
Allyn Capron of the First Artillery and
was well known in Washington. He
was a second lieutenant of the Seventh
Cavalry and was recently promoted to
be a captain in the volunteer service
and was given command of Troop L
of the Rough Riders. He was a young
and dashing officer and was regarded
by his superiors as one of the most
promising cavalry officers in the ser
vice.
GERMANY INTENDS TO
REMAIN NEUTRAL
State Department Assured There Will
Be No Interference at
Manila.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The Asso
ciated Press is able to state on au
thority that permission to land marines
or troops at Manila has not been
sought by the German Embassador
here of the State Department, nor has
any such permission been granted. In
fact, there have been no overtures ex
changed on the subject.
The only important development at
to-day's Cabinet meeting was the posi
tive settlement of the question of the
attitude of Germany with respect to
the Philippines. The Secretary of State
has received assurances which settle
beyond question all doubts on this
point. Germany has no intention, pres
ent or prospective, of interfering in any
way with the ~olicy or plans of the
United States in regard to the occupa
tion of the islands.
Its attitude has been and will con
tinue to be one of strict neutrality.
This statement, coming from high of
ficial sources, is accepted by this Gov
ernment in perfect good faith and is
regarded as final and conclusive. No
attention will be paid by this Govern
ment to any reports to the contrary
which are constantly being sent out. as,
it is believed, in the interest of Spain.
Official reports received from Admiral
Dewey at Manila state that there never
has been an intimation that Germany
or any other nation by its naval repre
sentatives has ever shown the least dis
position to overstep the line of strict
neutrality, nor has there been any rea
son to believe that th,° Germans' sym
pathies were strongly with the Spanish
in the present struggle.
HOBSON RECEIVES
OFFICIAL PRAISE
He Is Now Quartered in the City,
About Four Miles From
Morro.
NEW YORK, June 24.— A dispatch to
the Herald from Washington says:
Secretary Long has sent to Assistant
Naval Constructor R. P. Hobson, in
care of the commander-in-chief of the
North Atlantic squadron, an inspiring
letter commending him for the extra
ordinary heroism he displayed in sink-
Ing the collier Merrimac in the harbor
of Santiago de Cuba.
In the letter he says: "The depart
ment takes this occasion to most hear
tily congratulate you upon your most
distinguished conduct, and avails itself
of this opportunity to inform you that
It has taken steps to give you some
professional reward, as recommended
by the commander-in-chlef, which the
department hopes will be gratifying to
you, and at the same time assures you i
that your gallant act not only reflects j
additional luster upon the traditional |
glories of the navy, but that you are i
held in grateful remembrance by your
fellow countrymen and appreciated by
thf whole civilized world."
This letter was personally signed by
Secretary Long. It will be held by Ad
miral Sampson until an opportunity is
found to convey it to the young officer,
now a prisoner in Santiago de Cuba.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The Navy
Department has just received the fol
lowing cablegram:
"Playa del Este, June 24.— From a
flag of truce I learned to-day that Lieu
tenant Hobson and his companions are
all well. They are confined in the city
of Santiago, four miles from Morro.
"SAMPSON."
GENERAL MILES WILL
COMMAND IN CUBA
Eighteen Thousand Troops to Be Sent
to Reinforce the Army of
Invasion.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— General
Miles, in command of the army, will
go to Cuba, accompanied by his staff,
and direct the military operations in
the field. The doubt as to the gen
eral's movements was cleared up to
day and the definite statement made
that he would go to Cuba. He will
not leave this week, however, as has
been suggested, nor Is it settled yet
just when he will go. Th«re are im
portant military moves requiring his
attention here, including the prepara
tions for further expeditions which will
go to Cuba to re-enforce General Shaf
ter by way of Newport News and
Tampa. This force will consist in the
aggregate of 18,000 troops. Tampa is
again to be made a rendezvous for a
large force and the department is se
curing complete details, with a view
to centering another large fleet of
transports there. With the troops
moved to these points and the expedi
tions well advanced. General Miles will
then be free to join the army In the
field. There is a possibility that he may
go with General Henry's division when
the Harvard and Yale make their sec
ond trip from Newport News, but this
is quite doubtful.
CAMINETTI HAS NOT
YET BEEN NOMINATED
Opposition of Enemies Causes His
Philippine Job to Be
Held Up.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The nom
ination of ex-Congressman Camlnetti
as judge advocate general, with the
rank of major, which has been con
fidently expected each day by the Cali
fornia delegation, is held up. It ap
pears that some of Camlnetti's enemies
are opposing him. Senator Perkins
called on the President to-day in refer
ence to the matter, but received no as
surance that the appointment would
be made. Representative Loud stole a
march on Senator Perkins, with whom
he is at war, and succeeded in having
his friend Sargent S. Morton appointed
Receiver of Public Moneys at San
Francisco. The first Perkins knew of
• it was when he saw Morton's name in
to-day's list of nominations. He will
not oppose his confirmation. Morton is
well known in San Francisco, having
been engaged in the draying and trans
fer business there, mixing in politics
occasionally. He has been one of Rep
resentative Loud's stanch supporters.
The Manners of Captain March
Of the Astor Battery
Described by Alice Xix
In Next Sunday's Call.
COLONEL LEONARD WOOD OF ROOSEVELT'S ROUGH RIDERS,
WHO WAS IN THE FOREFRONT OF YESTERDAY'S BATTLE.
AWAITING THE
NEXT BATCH
Honolulu to Wei come the
Second Expedition.
READY TO FEED THOUSANDS
SO THE BOYS IN BLUE WILL
HAVE A BIG TIME.
Mails Sent on the IT. S. S. Benning
ton Will Arrive Several Days
Behind the Steamer
Peru.
Correspondence of the Call.
HONOLULU, June 17.— There is weeping
and wailing and especially gnashing of
teeth to-day at Hawaii's bad for
tune with the mails. After patiently
waiting for a whole week for the over
due Peru and ignoring the Vancouvei
route, the postoffice placed all its mail,
16,000 letters and 6000 newspapers, upon the
United States cruiser Bennington, yester
day morning, the Mohican having arrived
the evening before just at sunset. This
morning the Peru turned up for breakfast
and will naturally arrive in San Francisco
some two, if not three, days before the
Bennington, whose voyage will probably
be at least eleven days, as she is re
ported by the quidnuncs to be very foul.
Something had to be done, as the mer
chants are running short of provisions
ajid things that the islands ought to pro
duce, even to potatoes, and ships are
waiting at San Francisco for orders dis
patched yesterday.
It must be remembered that the feeding
of several thousand of extra mouths
make quite a difference to our little com
munity, which relies to a great extent
upon its supplies from the coast. We have
plenty of course for the second bod-," of
troops, which are hourly expected, but not
actually looked for until the 20th. except
that we shall probably run short on beer.
Our arrangements are to feed GOOO troop*
in the Executive building grounds, 3000 at
a time, and after our successful experi
ence with the first SOUO guests we hope to
excel even San Francisco as caterers.
The monitor Monterey, which we have
been anxiously expecting 1 for the last
forty-eight hours, has not yet been sight
ed. She will meet with a warm reception.
The Government and annexatlonists art
highly elated over a dispatch from Minis
ter Hatch from Washington leading them
to hope that the very next steamer will
bring them news that Hawaii has been
gathered into the fold of the great Union.
It is readily to be imagined how, under
these conditions, very unsettled every
thing is in social, business and legislative
circles. The Legislature especially is act
ing peculiarly. It has again evinced its
opposition to Government measures b¥
slaughtering a Ministerial liill to establish
a national labor employment bureau, the
Erincipal man to be benefited by the law
eing, so it is said, one of the officials or
the American League organization.
The most extraordinary reports of "ex
perts" are being presented at this extra
session instead'of, as formerly, in the
regular session, to enable me Legislature
to judge in what manner the departments
and bureaus had been conducted. In no
instance, it is said, do they reflect credit
upon the conduct of the Government dur
ing the past five years. One especiahv —
that in reference to the conduct of the
Public Works Department— has created
intense feeling. The charges "brought
mffimzSw lir mSt nJnmlfllßfll Us
They are those who do not feel weak. They are those who have
no weak nerves. Are you one? :: ' If you are not you ought to be. Why
: not be a man again? You were as well vitalized by nature, as others. ■
♦ But you are not strong, 5 full of vigor and power to-day/ Have you over-
. taxed one of your big powers? If so, and your knees ; feel weak some-
' times and you see spots before the eyes, ask about "Hudyan." If it is
true that "Hudyan 11 has cured 20,000 men, why will it • not cure YOU ?
- Send to the great Institute and : ask what it has done for the others who
were puny. That will cost two cents if you live out of the city. • If you
live in the city and will call, it will .cost nothing. , Manhood is surely
' worth such a small trifle. . . . r ; **
, HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sis., San Francisco.
against the Superintendent of Public
■\Yorks are of such a nature that to quote
; from the Advertiser, his defender, they
"if true, cover him wmi public infamy,
! and upon indictment and conviction under
the criminal laws would consign him to
prison." The intensity of the articles of
the Advertiser in defense of Mr. Rowell,
a son of a missionary, a personal protege
of President Dole and a man of most
estimable personal character, and in at
tack on the House Committee, will prob
ably lead to action on the part of the
Legislature or the individual representa
tives of the committee against W. Nevins
Armstrong, the editor. It claims that it
is an attempt to "railroad" a man into
infamy without giving him fair play. The
public is content with saying that if a
tenth of the charges made are true the
: conduct of the department has been crim
inally negligent and outrageous.
It is understood that at the wish of the
President another extra session will be
called by Mr. Dole, at the conclusion of
the present one, unless annexation ensues
in the meantime, as he desires to have the
Legislature in reach in the event of its
services being required for approval of
any amendments suggested by Congress.
The funeral of the late James I. Dowsett
! yesterday was in the nature of a public
one. The Legislature adjourned, and was
represented by special committees in
honor of his past services as Noble and
Councilor.
The Peru, with Captain Coffin, formerly
of the Olympia. was not only quarantined
at Kobe, but had to submit to our curious
i Honolulu quarantine law. That is to say
; that only officials could board her, but ncr
cabin passengers were allowed to land and
freely mix with the shore people.
The Minister of Finance has introduced
a. bill practically relieving that depart
ment or the responsibility ot, tne qipuurse*
| ments of fhe appropriation act after they
have once been transferred to their special
i departments. Hitherto, while having no
I bureaus into which some of the depart
menta are divided, he had to accept the
responsibility of their proper disburse
ment.
There are now two nominees for the
office of Minister of the Interior, should
Captain King resign on account of ill
health—Senator McCandless and ex-Sen
ator and actual Councilor of State John
Phillips. Mr. Phillips would undoubtedly
be the popular cHofce.^^ WRIGHT ,
PEYTRAL SUCCEEDS IN
FORMING A CABINET
Himself at the Head of the Ministry
as Premier and Minister of
the Interior.
PARIS, June 24. — M. Peytral has suc
ceeded in forming a Cabinet to succeed
the retiring Ministry of M. Meline. It
is constituted as follows:
Premier and Minister of the In
terior, M. Paul Peytral.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, M.
Charles de Ireycinet.
Minister of War, M. Godfrey Cav
aignac.
Minister of Marine, Vice Admiral
Francois Fournier.
Minister of Finance, M. Paul de
Lombre.
Minister of Justice, M. Ferdinand
Sarrien.
Minister of Colonies, M. Theophile
del Casse.
Minister of Commerce, M. Emile
Marujouls.
Minister of Agriculture, Senor Ba
duel.
Minister of Public Works, M.
Georges Leygues.
Minister of Public Instruction, M.
Charles Dupuy.
CORPSES FOUND IN
THE JANE GRAY'S HOLD
VICTORIA, June 24.— The steamer "Wil
lapa from the West Coast brings the news
that a report has reached Kyuquot that
th*. schooner Jane Gray, which was lost
with thirty-four of her passengers a
month ago, has drifted in on the beach
about ten miles above the village. A large
quantity of her cargo still remained
aboard, and this was being looted by In
dians. In the cargo was a large quantity
of liquor, of which the Indians partook
freely. In their drunkenness they began
to wantonly destroy the cargo.
The report states that a number of
bodies were found in the cabin of the
schooner. The bodies of Missionary Gam
ble and his wife and child were I
locked in each other's arms in their Btate
room. Several other bodies were found
about the deck, lashed in different posi
tions. Police officers will l"' dispatched
to the Coast from Victoria, and as many
of the bodies as can be found will, if pos
sible, be brought to this city.
Cuban Postal Service.
NEW YORK. June 24.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Five
mailing clerks have been detailed to go
aboard the Government war vessel that
is to leave Key West on Sunday or
Monday with United States mail for
soldiers and sailors in Cuba. After this
first shipment of mail the department
hopes to have its old Cuban service re
established by which mail will be taken
from Key West regularly once a week.
The officials are pleased at the pros
pect of having the swift Herald-Call
boats as part of their postal fleet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood, Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilk and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
LOWER
DI ITTPR SATURDAY,
fcSU 1 1 Jtl-rC. MONDAY.
Best Dairy (fresh), roll -.*»<•
Humboldt Creamery, square JJOc
EGGS.
Fresh Ranch (all No. 1) do*.. 17 l-2c
Fancy Ranch (extras) dozen -Oc
Extra large selected Petaluma,
dozen I' 2 l-2c
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St.. S. F.
LAST OPPORTUNITY
TO MAKE CONNECTION WITH
FIRST STEAMERS lIP THE YUKON
RIVER TO
DAWSON CITY.
f* BRUNSWICK,
Limited First-Class Accommodations.
POSITIVE fit IB "V O
SAILING fJ Em* i <£- f
Howard-Street Wharf,
Connecting with elegant new river steamship
LEON.
SECOND TRIP
S. S. LEELANAIA/
JULY :25.
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE.
LOWEST RATESm
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
Liebes Building, 139 Post Street.
.. : -
MADE ME A MAN
yJS^ AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
hj JLZJOfcrvotts IHseasea— Failing Mem-
rM 3?ffl ory,lmpot«ncy, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
fif ,T b7 Abuse or other Excesses and India*
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
JLIX, A>rrH>M« LHsennea— Failing Mem-
ory, Im potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions, They quickly and turely
\ ,**j restore Lost Vitality In old or young, and ;
Xs%CTk fit a man for study, business or marriages
J> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in lime. Their use shows immediatb improve-
ment and effects a CUKE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Aiax Tablets. They
have cured thousands and will cure you. Wo give a pos-
itive written guarantee to efTsct a cure CJI PTC la
each case or refund the money. Price WW V I wiper
package; or six pke<*s (full treatment) for $2.60. By.
mail. in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
tree AJAX REMEDY CO., *S3rU^
For sala In San -Francisco by Lelpnlt* * 9*"
H* Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. »*8 Ukt.
I A PERMANENT CURE {
5 of the most obstinate cafe." of Gonorrhoea ?
1 1 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
i, days ; no other treatment required. S
5 " Sold by all druggists. 5
S'.l OPIUM;
The pur» e?.«ent!al extract from the native drupf. Con«
tains nil the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without 'ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach ;
so Tomlt Jig ;no cosciveneia ; no headache. All Druggists.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KSJkßin AND . WASHINGTON STB. -RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, , WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 60 day,
$6 to 18 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in ever*
room elevator runs all night. ,■, ■ . ■
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
WMSgSS^Sfe^s" Telephone Brown 931. _ '
Residence. &21 California street. below
Powell, Ban Francisco. :
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ' USB 'i DAMIANA BITTERS, THE)
great Mexican remedy; gives health au4
itreE<rth to tho sexual organs. - r ~ —DRIVING THE DONS BACK
UPON THE DOOMED CITY
AMERICANS
CLOSING IN
ON SANTIAGO
Spaniards (Ire Retreating
Before Advancing
Troops.
Five Thousand Cubans Join Uqclc
Sam's forces iQ the Siege
of t\r)e City.
Spocial cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by .Tames Gordon Bennett.
BAIOUIRi, Cuba, Thursday, 6 P. M. (by Herald-Call
dispatch boat Somers N. Smith, to Port Antonio, Ja
maica, June 24).— This was the situation as the Herald-
Call dispatch boat Somers N. Smith left Baiquiri this
evening :
The Cubans had driven the Spaniards back eight,
miles from the coast. A dozen Spanish blockhouses (
had been burned by the troops as they advanced.
General Lawton had thrown out skirmishers and was
reported to be engaging the enemy.
Roosevelt's rough riders with a dynamite gun were
hurrying forward on foot to support General Lawton.
Three hundred Soaniards had been routed out of
Altares and the Americans were in possession.
Five thousand Cubans under General Rabi and Gen
eral Garcia had been loaded on transports at Aserra
dero, west of Santiago, and landed at Altares to join in
the general movement on Santiago from the east.
Very picturesque was the landing of the Cubans
under the protection of the fleet's guns, with the Span
iards falling back before them. The plan is to put the
Cubans into possession of the city, when the city has
been taken, and leave the American troops free for
Porto Rico and other operations.
STEADY ODVONCE OF
THE OMERICON FORCES
UPON SANTIAGO CITY
ON BOARD THE ASSOCI
ATED PRESS DISPATCH
BOAT DAUNTLESS, off Jur
agua, Province of Santiago de
Cuba, Thursday night, June 23,
via Port Antonio, Jamaica, June
24. — The advance of the Ameri
can army has reached the edge of
the tableland on which the har
bor of Santiago de Cuba lies.
Here, seven miles from Morro
Castle as the crow flies, the main
body of troops has united, and
the Spaniards are in full retreat
toward Santiago de Cuba. They
may attempt a surprise, but a de
cisive engagement is not expect
ed for several days.
General Lawton's brigade,
which rested last night at Dema
jayabo, four miles west of Bai
quiri, resumed its march at day
light. Before noon his brigade,
consisting of the Twenty-second
Infantry, the First Infantry, the
Second Massachusetts Volun
teers, with companies of the
Eighth Cavalry, half of the
Fourth Cavalry, and several com
panies of the Twenty-fifth col
ored cavalry, occupied Juragua,
five miles beyond, and the Ameri
can flag was hoisted there.
The Spaniards retired before
the advance, which was covered
by Cuban skirmishers, burning
the blockhouses as they went.
Colonel Wagner, with a small
reconnaissance party of about
forty men, brushed against the
Hank of a retreating Spanish col
umn 200 strong at Firmexa. A
dozen shots were fired by the
Spaniards as Colonel Wagner fell
back. Before General Lawton
could bring up the Twenty-sec
ond, the van regiment, the Span
iards had decamped westward.
Juragua was abandoned by
General Linares and 1200 Span
ish troops with such haste that
they had no time to burn the
town, though an ineffectual at
tempt was made to destroy the
locomotives of the railroad and
the rolling stock. General Lin
ares retreated to Sevilla, six miles
west of Juragua by road and nine
miles from Santiago de Cuba.
A detachment of 170 Cubans,
under Colonel Aguirre, collided
with the Spanish rear guard. The
Cubans lost two men killed and
had seven men wounded. The
Spanish loss is not known. The
Spaniards were macheted.
General ChafFee, with tliQ
Ninth Cavalry, the remainder of
the Eighth and Fourth, Seventh,
Twelfth and Seventeenth Infan
try, reached Juragua at dark.
General Bates, with the reserve of
the Twentieth Infantry and Colo
nel Woods' rough riders, dis
mounted, with a dynamite gun,
hurried forward from Baiquiri at
3 o'clock, proceeding by forced
marches.
Dispatches from General Lina
res which were captured indicated
that the Spanish were ordered to
retreat toward Santiago. The in
surgents expect the first stand to
be made at Sevilla, and they have
proved good prophets in the past.
General Lawton's men are badly
fagged by forced marches and
the intense heat. Their rations
are almost exhausted. They
started with three days' supplies
and further food could not be
landed to-day. A pack train will
be sent forward to-morrow.
Strong outposts are maintained
to-night in order to prevent a
surprise, and Juragua is also un
der the protection of the guns of
the warships. Thus the flank of
the American column is safe. The
Spaniards, to attack our troops,
must make a forced march
through almost impenetrable
underbrush.
There were only two casualties
during the landing of the troops
at Baiquiri. Corporal Cobb and
Private English of Troop D,
Tenth Cavalry (colored), fell be
tween a lighter and the pier. Cap
tain O'Neill, of Woods' rough
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SAT LED AT, JUNE 25, 1898.
3irdseye view, showing tt)e scene of yesterday's deadly battle near Juragua, tf)e advance of the American
troops on Santiago and thje positions of t\)e divisions of the Cuban forces co-operating with tr;em. General Lawton,
Witt) tt)e advance guard of General Shafter's arroy, rjas occupied Juragua, tt)e Spaniards paving retreated to
Sevilla, about eight rnjles frorr) Santiago.
FIERCE FIGHTING
AROUND TRINIDAD
" Special cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James *"
© Gordon Bennett. 0
HAVANA, June 24.— At 5 o'clock yesterday after- c
q noon two American sf)ips threw a hundred n)issiles at c
O the defenses of Trinidad. The garrison repelled then). C
o Spanish troops went out from the city later and de- £
O feated rebel parties in several places, k'Hing thirty- c
® seven and wounding n)any, Several prisoners were c
O taken and goods and important documonts were z
© seized. The Spanish troops had ten b^illed and some G
0 wounded. Tuerto Rodriguez, a celebrated rebel chief, £
O who was formerly a bandit and who was active c
© around Sancti Spiritus, was k'Hed by his own men. c
_ His execution was ordered by General Maximo Gorrjez. c
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooeoooooooc
riders, plunged into the sea at the
risk of his life, but the men were
crushed before he reached them.
O'Neill is a former Mayor of Tuc
son, A. T. Several horses and
mules were drowned while swim
ming ashore through the surf.
The movement to-day almost
amounts to a change of base. A
brisk musketry fire was heard in
the direction of Savilla as the
Dauntless left at dark.
SPANIARDS REALIZE
CERVERA'S FLEET AND
SfINTIfIGO ARE LOST
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, June 24.— Never
since the commencement of the
war has the anxiety been so in
tense to hear news from Santi
ago. It is recognized that the
successful landing of American
troops is most serious. The
Epoca to-night talks sadly of the
certain destruction of Cervera's
fleet. /
No official report confirms the
rumor of the surrender of Manila.
The Cabinet council meets to
morrow morning. Its results, it
is anticipated, will be of the high
est importance. It is remarked
that the session of Congress sus
pended without any usual loyal
demonstrations.
SANTIAGO MUST BE
TAKEN BEFORE MORE
SPANIARDS ARRIVE
WASHINGTON, June 24.—Notwith
standing the official Spanish reports
of heavy fighting between the Ameri
can invading army and the Spanish
troops near Santiago, army officials
here are confident that no engagement
of any moment has occurred between
these troops. Part of the landing pro
ject was a movement in force by the
Cubans across the country to prevent
the Spanish forces concentrating upon
the beach to oppose the landing of the
American troops. Taken In connection
THE INVESTMENT OF SONTIOGO.
I with Sampson's plan of blinding the
Spanish to the real landing place by
an indiscriminate shelling of the coast
for twenty miles east and west, this
scheme worked admirably so far as the
American troops are concerned, as was
evident by their landing without the
loss of a man. It is suspected, however,
that the Cubans have had to pay for
this exemption on the part of the
Americans, and the engagement de
scribed in the Spanish dispatches was
really between the Cubans and the
Spaniards, far back in the rear, instead
of between the Americans and Span
iards. Seeing that the Cubans, who
were almost without clothing, have
In-on liberally supplied by Sampson and
Sh&fter, it is conceivable that the
Spaniards might easily mistake them
for American soldiers at a little dis
tance. The news coming from Jamaica
that General Pando is sending heavy
re-enforcements to the Spanish General
Linares, in Santiago, is likely to have
the effect of hastening the campaign
against that town by the Americans.
Pando has 10,000 soldiers at Holguln,
less than 100 miles from Santiago. They
are the pick of the Spanish army in
Cuba, and their commander is known
as the fighting general. Were they to
combine with the Spanish force In San
tiago the American campaign would
be very much prolonged and the
task set for our troops would
be much heavier. Two factors have
been relied upon to prevent this com
bination. The first is the very rough
nature of the country between Hol
guln and Santiago, whi h would be ex
ceedingly difficult for troops to cover
in less than four or five days at the
earliest.
The second is the active efforts of the
Cubans to harass the Spaniards on the
march and retard their movements.
With the force they now have in that
country the Cubans could do this very
effectually, but they could scarcely ur
cUrtake to absolutely check the whole
Spanish force of 10,000 men.
The reports from Santiago indicate
thot the Spaniash admiral is usins? his
squadron exactly as was anticipated,
to defend the town from attack by
scldiers in the rear. This only em
phasizes in the mind of army officers
the necessity for speedy action on the
part of the invaders, for with Pando's
men to re-enforce the garrison and
Cervera's squadron in full play the
Spanish would be, from a military
point of view, much stronger than the
combined force of Americans under
Shafter and Cubans under Garcia and
Rabi.
It is believed that considerable reli
ance must be placed upon the American
siege train, for as soon as the heavy
guns are in place on the crest of the
hills it is expected the position of the
Spaniards below, will be exposed to a
heavy fire and they will be obliged to
either surrender or make a desperate
attempt to escape from Santiago har
bor.
No official news came to the War De
partment during office hours from our
army near Santiago. This was a cause
for mild surprise at the department, as
General Shafter has a cable at his com
mand and it was expected he would re
port the measure of success he has at
tained in the debarkation of his army
on Cuban soil and the beginning of
operations against Santiago.
Not hearing from him, the officials
were obliged to rely for information
entirely upon press reports. They
found these highly satisfactory. Sec
retary Alger expressed particular grat
ification at the news that the troops
had reached a point within seven miles
of Morro Castle without encountering
serious resistance. The direction taken
by the troops after their landing at
Baiqulri— trending generally westward
— is taken in some quarters here to in
dicate a purpose to unite with Samp
son's fleet in an attack on Morro Cas
tle and the other forts at the entrnnce
of Santiago harbor before turning their
attention to the town itself. Once the
forts are captured Sampson with small
boats could reach the mines, and if. as
reported, the Merrimac does not com
pletely obstruct the channel some *>f
the battle-ships may be sent in to deal
with Cervera's squadron in its last re
sort. Something of this kind is believed
to be necessary in order to relieve our
troops from the fire of the Spanish
fleet when they attack Santiago di
rectly. One or two of the big battle
ships, supplemented by a few torpedo
boats, could be relied upon to keep Cer
vera's squadron so fully occupied that
he would have no time to get to the
troops attacking Santiago from the
rear.
With great satisfaction the Navy
Department to-day publishes Samp
son's statement that Hobson and his ;
men are well and not in the line of fire.
It was also noted that Sampson finds
no difficulty In having his Hag of truce
respected, which is gratifying, in view
of the statement coming from Havana
some days ago that there was to be a
lapse into barbarism through the re
fusal of the Spaniards to recognize
flags of truce.
OMERIGON FORCES
WILL BE IN FRONT OF
SANTIAGO BY SUNDAY
FROM THE HERALD-CALL SPE
CIAL CORRESPONDENT WITH THE !
ARMY, near Santiago, Thursday, via
Port Antonio, Jamaica, June 24.— The ;
advance troops of General Shafter's
army are now skirmishing to the west- ;
ward of Baiquiri and it is expected the
entire American force will be in front
of Santiago by Sunday. Officers of the
advance troops believe the city will
have been taken within forty-eight
hours after that.
Major La Motte, Color Sergeant
Wright and Trumpeter Platt of Roose
velt's rough riders planted the American
flag on Wednesday evening on the sum
mit of Mount Losiltires in full view of
the American fleet. It was a magnifi
cent spectacle as the Americans and
Cubans cheered the colors while ves
sels of the fleet joined in with joyous
blasts from their whistles. _
Grand Birdseye Vie-w.
Camp Merrltt, on plate paper, 25x9
inches: Worth framing. With S. F. News
Letter to-day.
The Beichstag Elections.
BERLIN, June 24.— The results -of AT,
second • ballots : , in ■ the I Reichstag [ elections
show a return of 13 Conservatives.' 6 Im
perialists, 10 Centrists. 3 candidates of the
Reform '■■ party, 21 s National Liberals, 7
Fresslnnige candidates; 24 Radicals. 7 can
didates of the German Folkpartl. 1 Agra
rian Leaguer. 18 Socialists, 3 Guelphs and
four ; Independents.*; , : »
. ♦ ■
"Saving ■ the Sacramento Valley
From Drought," in , next Sunday's
Call.
ORDERED TO
STOP AT THE
LADRONES
Charleston Has Probably
Dismantled San Juan de
Guahan's Batteries.
But There Is No Intention to Land
Troops From the Peking
and Other Transports.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— 1t became
known to-day through naval sources 1
that the cruiser Charleston, with
the troopships Peking: and three others
of the first expedition to the Philip
pines, had been ordered to strip at the
island of Guahan, in the Ladrones, and
dismantle the Spanish fortifications at
San Juan de Guahan, the principal
place on the islands.
The naval authorities have hereto
fore declined to confirm the report that
the Charleston was to stop at Guahan,
but as it is understood that the cruiser
has accomplished her mission there by
this time the policy of secrecy was
withdrawn.
It is said that about 2000 Spanish
troops are on the island. There was no
ADVEBTISEiIENTS. .......; . .'; . "'•■••
SSB 8288 '888 8 8 8 8 8 8 88 88 8 8 888 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 a 8 8 88»«8 8 8 8.
S3 • SBj
1 Dr. Sanden's Book Free j
88
S3 >$&r — ..-.■■■ . . 1 • ;-..■ ■ . 1} , Are you a weak man ? a
'88 «^*SSSS Have you pains in yo-ur back, 8?
c. v. W^i^X L—. "SSSK spells of miserable despon- «■
58 ' lfi^*liiHllfi>s!'' *& dency, lack of force, vim and a
_ _ I sob !*■ JL99BH * ' *^»- * hb w *
8j lSiJ^ili JDEIiKS ' ambition ? Then road this S3
I "^ book> <<Three Classe9 of a
§ HKy^jHra ' Men '" *- will tell you fact 3 a
88 liiiraiiiiiitlli §1 which will bo worth more &
S3 r«j"^^w Wjlll«^\ than money to you. It is
55 6taß6fS Jm^/III) ree mail or at 10 office. SS
« >leffiiH; I fc s fa** of facts about Dr. gj
88 -'\ I Sanden's Electric Belt and S
«• "■'. ■-' ' how it cures. Get it to-day. 88
2 :■ ; : . . . " ■ . a
« DR. A. T. SANDEN, ; * not in drug stores. * 2 \
S3 702 Kuktt Stritt, Corner Ks tray, Bab Frantltoo. • .:-——- : !:
83 Office hours. BA.M.to I P. M.; ; Sundays, • Dr. Banden's Electric Belt W
< • iloto 1. - Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., i 304^ Is never sold In drug stores S3
M : South Broadway; Portland, Or.; 268 Washing- _ or by trareltne aaents. c*
8S ton street: Denver. Col.. 9sl Sixteenth str««t| ' nOr * * roTe " n « ■*'""• .. S3
■ « - Dallas. Tax. 285 Main street. If — __, .__ ; ,- ■ '.. — "~~* JBJ
8 8 W 8 8 88 88 8 8 8 8 8 8 88 8 88 8 BJB.B »Sg£i^ 8? 8 8 8 88 8 8 83:8? 85J
intention to land United States force*
from the Peking and other transports
to engage them.
The forts have batteries of old
smooth-bores, and the Charleston's in
structions were merely to knock these
out of position and destroy the fortifi
cations, so that on the arrival of the
Montere- the latter would coal in the
harbor without molestation from the
enemy's guns.
On account of the stop at Guahan
the Navy Department, does not expect
to hear of the Charleston's arrival at
Manila for several days yet. She is
probably with Dewey now, or nearing
Manila. The generai belief that she
would arrive there about June 20 la
said at the Navy Department to'be er
roneous.
34
SAGASTA WILL RETIRE TO
PAVE THE WAY FOR PEACE
NEW CABINET
TO MAKE THE
OVERTURES
Scenes of Great Disorder
at the Closing of
the Cortes.
No Cheers for the Throne as the
Disheartened Statesmen Ad
journ in Confusion.
IiONDON, June 25.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Dally Telegraph
•ays: When the Cortes closed martial
l£.w was proclaimed. The Sagasta Cab
inet will resign and make way for a
new Government, which will open .up
negotiations for peace.
The Madrid correspondent of the Fi
nancial News publishes this morning a
report of an Interview with an ex
member of the Ministry, practically
verifying the Daily Telegraph's -Ma
drid dispatch, and adding:
"Senor Gamazo will be the new Pre
mier, with Senor Salvador at the ex
chequer, and possibly two Silvelaists
will join this Cabinet, which will con
clude peace and prepare the way for
the Sllvela Cabinet. There is no doubt
that Spain will lose all her colonies.
"Admiral Camara's squadron left
Cadiz to calm public opinion. Camara
well knows that, before he arrives at
the Philippines peace will be made."
MADRID, Jur. ■ 24.— The decree of the
Queen Regent the Cortes
was read in the Senate this evening.
Prior to the reading of the decree in
the <"hamber of Deputies, which was
crowded, as wi-re also th" galleries,
Senor Salrnenm, the Republican leader,
hat s. Mi- Hi' hi:- remarks had
been omitted from the official report
ot yesterday's proc< * dings.
The President of the chamber, Mar
quis Vega d'Armijo, said the omission
must lie attributed to the uproar, which
had probably prevented the reporters
from h< ai Ing him.
s. nor Salmeron then said he wished
to have included in the "iiicial report
his declarations throwing the responsi
bility tor all '-!•■ misfortunes of the
country upon the monarchy.
Senor Sagasta at this point rose and
read the royai decree suspending par
liament. The chamber then adjourned
and without the customary cheers to
the throne.
it is persistently reported, though the
rumor lacks official confirmation, that
the Government has r • •••:\.,i a further
dispatch from Manila. The Republican
deputies met t< -night and elaborated a
plan of political action during the sus
pension of the Oortes. Great import
ance is attached to the cabinet council
BUmmoned tor to-morrow (Saturday).
The debate in the Chamber of Depu
ties yesteraay on the Philippine ques
tion was marked by gr^at disorder.
Senor Robledo, ih ■ Conservative leader,
attacked General Polavieja, the former
Minister of War. for treating with
AjrulnaJdo. the Insurgent leader, and
was interrupted with shouts of "That
is untrue!" A scene of the greatest con
fusion followed ar. . the sitting was sus
pended.
When business was resumed Senor
Rcbledo continued his remarks, I 1&
asked if the Government desired peace
or war. If peace, he added, Spain had
better negotiate directly with the
United States.
In tho course of lr.s speech Senor Ro
bledo censured tfrc- Minister of Marine
and Admiral Cervera, accusing tho
Minister of having granted unpatriotic
interviews.
Captain Aunon <i. f< nded the navy.
He said Senor Robledo's remarks were
insulting, and he characterized the pub
lished reports of interviews with him
as being "distortions." In consequence
of the latter statement the reporters
left the Chamber of Deputies and only
returned at the close of the Minister's
speech, which concluded with the an
nouncement that Admiral Camara was.
on his way to the Philippines to defend
the Spanish flag.
Another uproar was occasioned by
Senor Salmeron, the Republican
leader, denouncing an attempt to close
the debate. He loudly exclaimed: "It
is an outrage!" and was commencing
an attack on the monarchy when his
voice was drowned by shouts from all
parts of the house.
The uproar continued for some time,
and when order was restored the presi
dent announced that th> Chamber
would meet in secret session to dis
cuss internal affairs. In the lobbies
great excitement was occasioned. Senor
Samper shouted as Benor Salmeron
was leaving the house: "The Republi
cans are devoid of shame. Thfty .are al
lowing the Chamber to be closed and
they do not seize tho present opportun
ity to accomplish something practical."
Senor Samper was arrested, con
ducted to the president's oifico and
called upon to explain his conduct.
The Senate discussed tho political sit
uation. Senator Gonzales said he
did not speak as a partisan, but as a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears*
A clean and whole
skin is comfortable.
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
Spaniard. The Senator blamed the Con
servatives severely for the present con
dition of affairs. He said that Senor
Castillo del Canovas said that he be
lieved Cuba could be dominated by
troops, while in reality the island
needed drastic reorganization. The war
policy as well as General Weyler's pol
icy, the speaker asserted, had failed,
and autonomy had proved ineffectual
because it was attempted too late.
However, the Senator explained, the
attempt at autonomy was useful, "as
it will allow Spain to demand a broker's
commission in case of having made a
good attempt."
HOW ADMIRAL SAMPSON
PROTECTED TROOPS
DURING DEBARKATION
WITH THE BLOCKADING FLEET,
OFF SANTIAGO, June 24.— The order
of battle Issued by Admiral Sampson,
who was almost entirely responsible for
the success of the operations in connec
tion with the landing- of troops at BaJ
quiri, was as follows:
The army corps will land to-morrow
morning, the entire force landing at Bai
quiri. The landing will begin at day
light. Ships stationed to the eastward of
Baiquiri will assist in clearing the way
for an unopposed landing by flanking out
the Spanish forces at that point. Simul
taneously with the Bhelllng of the beach
and blockhouses at Baiquiri the Ensenada
de los Altares and Aguadores, both to the
eastward of Santiago, and the small bay
of Cabanas, about two and a half miles
to the westward of Santiago, will be
shelled by the ships stationed there for
that purpose.
A feint of landing In force at Cabanas
will bo made by about ten of the trans
portß—the last to disembark their forces
at Baiquiri— remaining during the day or
a greater part of the day, about two
miles to the southward of Cabanas, low
ering boats and making apparent prep
arations for disembarking a large body
of troops. At the same time Cieneral
Rubi, with 500 Cuban troops, will make a
demonstration on the west side of Ca
banas.
The following vessels are assiened to
bombard the four points mentioned
above: Cabanas, the Scorpion, Vixen and
Texas; Agnadores, the Eagie and Qlou
r; ISnsenada de los Alt&res, the Hor
net, Helena and Bancroft; Baiquiri, the
I>. :r<>it, Castine, Waap and New Orleans,
th« Detroit and Castine on the western
dank and the Wasp and New Orleans on
the eastern Hank.
All the vessels will be In their 'posi
tions at daylight. Great car© will be
taken to avoid the waste of ammunition.
The firing at Baiquiri will begin on a sig
nal from the New Orleans. At Cabanas
it is probable that after a few minutes,
unless the firing is returned, the occa
sional dropping of shots from the smaller
vessels will be sufficient, but the sem
blance of covering a landing should be
maintained.
The same rule, should prevail at Bal
quiri, the point of actual landing. The
vessels will, of course, use their artillery
until they have reason to believe that the
landing is clear. They will take care
that the firing will be deliberate and ef
fective. The Texas and Brooklyn will
exchange blockading stations, the Texas
going inside, to be near Cabanas. The
Brooklyn, Massachusetts, lowa and Ore
gon will keep a vigilant watch on the
harbor mouth. The Indiana will take
the New Orleans' position in the block
ading line east of Santiago de Cuba and
between the flagship New York and the
shore. This is only a temporary assign
ment, the Indiana to . strengthen the
blockading line during the landing and
to avoid any possibility of the enemy
breaking through, should he attempt to
get out of the port.
The Suwanee, Oseeola and Wampatuck
will be prepared to tow boats. -Each
will be provided with two 5 or 6 inch
lines, one on each quarter, and each long
enough to take in tow a dozen or more
boats. These vessels will report at the
New York at 3 a. m.on June 22, prepared
to take in tow the ships' boats, which are
to assist in the landing of troops and to
convoy them to Baiquiri.
The Texas, Brooklyn, Massachusetts,
lowa, Oregon, New York and Indiana
will send all their steam cutters and their
pulling boats, with -the. exception! of one
retained on board each ship, "to assist In
the landing. These boats will report to
the New York at 3 a. m. Each boat,
whaleback and cutter will have three
men, each launch live 'men and- each
steam cutter its full crew ana an officer
for its management. In addition to these
men each - boat will » carry five men. In
cluding- one capable of acting as cock
swain to manage and direct me trans
ports' boats. ■ Each steam | launch will be
in charge of an officer, who will report to
Captain Goodrich. ; ■•■
Care will be taken In the ""i^ction of
boatkeepers and cockswains' to take no
men .who are gun pointers or occupy posi
tions of special importance at tne bat
teries. : Unnecessary - impediments shall
be removed from the pulling, boats for
greater convenience of the transporta
tion of troops, but each boat should have
Its anchor and chain
Captain C. F. Goodrich commanding
the St. Louis, will have on ' the part of
the navy, general charge of tho landing.
The New-Orleans will Bend her boats to
report to Captain Goodrich upon her ar
rival at Baiquiri. •--. -. ■ •
The attention of commanding officers
of all vessels engaged In blockading San
tiago de Cuba is earnestly called to the
pi-cecity of (ha utmost vigilance from
thin time forward, both as to maintain
ing stations and readiness for action, and
an to keeping- a close watch upon the har
bor mouth. If the Spanish admiral In
tend» to attempt to escape that attempt
Will b« mada soon. .~; r
"Great Fortunes Mad* in War/ in
next Sunday's CalLf^M .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1898.
CAPTAIN T. W. O'NEILL, WH|O JUMPED OVERBOARD IN
0N ATTEMPT TO SAVE TWO SOLDIERS FROM
DROWNING DURING THE DEBARKATION OFF BfIIQUIRI.
SYLVA TRIES
TO TAKE JOHN
CREEDE'S LIFE
Sausalito Poolroom Fight
Almost Culminates in
Murder.
Dramatic Close of an Eventful
Day in the Stronghold of
the Gamblers.
SAUSALITO, June 24.— The trouble
between the rival poolroom forces
nearly culminated in a murder here at
about 6 o'clock this evening when
Trustee A. Sylva drew a pistol on ex-
Marshal John E. Creed, after a fistic
fracas in which Sylva was worsted. A
tragedy was averted only by the inter
p sition of Dr. H. J. Crumpton, who
seized the revolver of his infuriated
colleague at a critical moment and
fired its contents into the waters of the
bay.
The two men had been threatening
to "get together" since 1 o'clock in the
afternoon, when Creed kicked the door
off Broyer, Glynn & Humphrey's pool
room when locked in by Marshal Han
non's deputies. They made various un
complimentary remarks about each
other in the hearing of a number of
persons on t'.ie street and each
threatened to thrash the other. The
two met near Recorder f'mpton's of
fice at about 6 o'clock and got into a
wordy alter.ation, during whicn Sylva,
who is aln.ust a pigmy in comparison
with his opponent, termed Creed an
ex-convict. ,
The ex-marshal promptly gave the lie
and struck Sylva in the face, knocking
him over a pile of dry boxes.
Sylva had partly arisen when he re
ceived ar. Aher blow on the back of the
neck and went to earth again. Quick
as a flash he was on his feet with a re
volver In his hand. Creed had stood
with his hand in his hip pocket, but,
perceiving that Sylva had been too
quick for him, he jumped and grappled
with the frenzied Trustee.
By this time a large crovd was surg
ing around the spot.- Dr. Crumpton ar
rived Just as Creed grappled with*
Sylva and springing forward wrenched
the weapon from Sylva's hand and fired
its five shots Into the bay. The com
batants were separated \ and proceeded
to abuse each other for ' awhile, ; but
were finally forced to leave the spot,"
Deputy Sheriff Thomas , Frost / placed
both 'under arrest for disturbing the
peace and Sylva preferred a charge, of
battery against Creed, who Bays * that
to-morrow ho will place Bylva under
arrest; for assault with Intent to- com
mit murder. :■:■-, : V,
The town is at fever heat and blood
shed Is momentarily expected, As a re
cult of the Western . union Telegraph
Company's action In taking the wires
out of HarrJeen'si and Harvey's pool,
rooms : Bylva : hag threatened ; ' to - nave
Manager Bteel and ' Superintendent
Jaynes arrested for the alleged , aiding
and abetting ••; of ? ; ft crime in running
wires into Behwartß's establishment,
Hearing of this Superintendent Jaynes,
it Is - asserted en goad authority, • has
issued hid : edJet that •; no ; more wires
shall be run lnt§ spy of ih§ poolrooms
under any con»i4«rfttia» whatsoever,
This will effectually dispose of the
gambling in Sausalito.
ORDERED THE WESTERN
UNION WIRES CUT
Rash Move of Trustee Sylva That
May Result in a Prosecution
by the Company.
SAUSALITO, June 24.-Just as the clock
struck 1 this afternoon the poolroom sit
uation assumed a new phase— a phase so
startling and unexpected that both the
rival forces stood hi groups on the street
and discussed developments for an hour
before it was perfectly understood. For
with the chiming of the clock Deputy
Marshal Chester Johnson, acting under
the advice of Trustee Sylva, walked into
the establishment of Glynn, Brnyer &
Humphrey and proceeded to cut the West
ern Union telegraph wires over which
come the news of the Eastern races.
An hour later there was not a poolroom
in operation in town. Reports were sent
to Western Union headquarters of the
action of the board in cuttin~ the wires,
and on the next boat came City Foreman
J. P. Smith, fully panoplied for decisive
work. First he went to Harvey's and cut
the wires, then to Harrison's, where the
operation was repeated. Telegraph instru
ments were immediately removed from
ADVERTISEMENTS.
X
both places, and the next outgoing boat
took away about half the gambling fra
ternity, as disgusted a set of men as could
be seen in a week's journey. Others re
mained in town to see the next move.
Big John E. Creed. ex-Marshal, who has
been guarding the poolrooms of the San
Mateo contingent, elbowed his way
through the crowd of deputies at the door
and went inside at 1:10 o'clock. When he
attempted to return the door was closed
and locked. Creede drew back his right
Trilby and lifted the door off its hinges.
Creed was arrested on a charge of inter
fering with officers in the uischarge of
their duty and released on his own recog
nizance.
At 2 o'clock the cases of the persons ar
rested on the two precedin"- days were
called in Recorder Simpton's court.
Glynn was held to appear next Wednes
day at 9:30 a. m., the Intention being to
make his a test case. The other cases
will receive no attention until Glynn's is
disposed of. The jury will be impaneled
by Sheriff Harrison on request of Re
corder Simpton.
It now remains to be seen whether the
Western Union will place its wires back
in Harrison's and Harvey's poolrooms,
even if the board finally succeeds in oust
ing the San Mateo contingent, which Sly
va seems confident of doing. Attorneys
Wilkins, Cochrane and Long are equally
as confident that they will lauph last.
To-day's' developments prove that both
sides are determined to win at any cost,
and the trouble may yet reach the Supe
rior Court.
The Western Union people declare they
will not submit to such annoyance and
interference with their vires as was
caused in Sausalito by the action of the
Trustees. They have decided not to re
sume their service while the rooms keep
up such a fight against each other. As to
the prosecution <">f the person or persons
who tampered with the wires they were
not prepared to say what action would
be taken. They now have the matter un
der consideration.
MEN INJURED ON
BATTLE-SHIP TEXAS
Casualties Caused by a Shell From
Socapa Before That Battery-
Was Silenced.
OFF SANTIAGO, Cuba, June 23.—
(By the Associated Press dispatch boat
to Kingston, June 24.)— 1n addition to
the man killed yesterday on the Texas
there were eight injured by ona shell
from the western battery. The names of
the killed and injured are:
Frank J. Blackler, apprentice, first
class, killed; Rudolph Earl Angal, sea
man, cut in front of the right ear;
Hugh Amos Lee, apprentice, first-class,
wounded in the right side and left lee:
John Emery Lindley, landsman, struck
by a piece of shell on the left side of the
face with contusion in the back;
George Francis Mullin, apprentice, sec
ond class, slightly wounded over the
left hip; John Edmund Nelson, appren
tice, second class, slightly wounded in
the right great toe: John J. Simmon
son, seaman, burned in the face; Droid
Sjoquist, ordinary seaman, superficial
wound back of the right ear; Raymond
R. Russell, apprentice, second class,
numerous wounds in the right thigh,
the left leg and the left ankle.
Three gun cotton shells were success
fully thrown by the Vesuvius during
the night against the western battery.
No reply was made.
RICKETY BUILDINGS
DESTROYED BY FIRE.
THREATENING BLAZE AT MIS
SION AND BEALE STREETS.
The Loss Will Be About $10,000, Di
vided Among Several Establish
ments — Cause Unknown.
Fire broke out at about 12:15 last night
in the rear of the two-story frame build
ing on Beale street, near Mission, and for
a time threatened to destroy an entire
block of wooden buildings.
The fire was first discovered by Officer
Duane of Morse's Patrol Agency and
Special Officer Sample, who turned in the
alarm. It was right in the center of a
nest of half-dilapidated buildings, mostly
filled with inflammable material, and
when the firemen arrived it was found
necessary to turn in a second alarm.
From the Kroagh Company's building
the flames spread to Ktrr's wagon man
ufactory and Peters' blacksmith shop im
mediately adjoining and soon communi
cated with the rear of Heidt's cornice
works, fronting on Mission street, all of
which were badly wrecked and the con
tents destroyed.
When the firemen arrived the buildings
were one mass of rtames, but on the peak
of the cornice company's building flut
tered an American flap:, waving proudly
in the breeze and standing out in bold
relief above the sea of fire. Finally a lit
tle tongue of flame caught the halyards
and Old Glory gave one last flutter as it
fell into a fiery grave, while a cheer went
up from the assembled crowd.
Fire Marshal Towe was unable to def
initely determine the cause, but thinks
it originated from overheated casting
in the rear of Kroagh's establishment.
He will make a thorough investigation.
The loss on the buildings and contents
will amount to about $10,000, and the cor
nice company will be the heaviest loser,
A number of sheet metal statues on the
front of the cornice works were pulled
down to prevent danger of their falling
and injuring passers-by.
When Officer Duane returned from
sending in the alarm some one informed
him that an employe of the cornice
works named Juange was asleep upstairs
in the building. He at once broke open
the door, and although almost overcome
by the stifling volumes of smoke Whicu
had by this time filled the building
rushed upstairs and rescued the sleep
ing occupant.
MAY CARRY
HOSTILITIES
INTO SPAIN
Her Coast Ports Will Be
Attacked if Left Un
protected.
Madrid Blundered if It Ordered
Camara to Sail Through
Suez Canal.
WASHINGTON, June 24.- 1 he war is to
f be carried into Africa, metaphorically speak
7 ing, if Spain is foolhardy enough to send the
■ Cadiz fleet through the Suez canal to attack
■Dewey in the Philippines. It is announced on
■ good authority that before the last Spanish
■ vessel has passed through the canal an
■ American squadron will be steaming at full
a speed across the Atlantic, straight for the
■ coast of Spain, to bring the war home to the
■ Spanish people.
There is no doubt that Dewey can
take care of himself against this Cadiz
fleet since his own squadron will be re
enforced by ironclads long before Ca
mara's ships sight the Bay of Manila,
and he will have the shore batteries
with him instead of against him in the
struggle. But it has been concluded
by the administration that nothing,
save the most severe measures, will
suffice to bring the Spanish people to
a realizing sense of the hopelessness of
the continuance of the present war, and
even kindness, it is held, will dictate
such a blow as that which it is pro
posed to administer if the Spanish per
sist in this last project.
After the fall of Santiago and the
capture or destruction of Cervera's
squadron Sampson will have an abund
ance of vessels to spare for the task set
forth. Probably he will constitute the
attacking fleet in two squadrons, the
first a flying squadron to be composed
of the swiftest vessels of the fleet, such
as the Columbia, Minneapolis, Harvard,
Tale, St. Paul and New Orleans. This
will be followed by another fleet, either
under Sampson or Schley, with the bat
tleships, which C-.ptain Clark's experi
ence with the Oregon has shown can
easily be counted on for the voyage
across the Atlantic.
With the lowa, Oregon, Indiana, Mas
sachusetts ana Texas, all battleships,
supplementing the New York and
Brooklyn, armored cruisers, and the
less powerful but speedy vessels of the
flying squadron, the Spanish coast
would be speedily swept clear of all
commerce, all' Spanish shipping would
be destroyed and some of the best ports
blockaded or bombarded.
CAMARA'S SQUADRON
STILL SAILS EASTWARD
Due to Arrive at the Entrance to Suez
Canal on Monday or
Tuesday.
WASHINGTON. June 24.— The State
Department has just received advices
confirming the report that the Spanish
Cadiz squadron is in the Mediterranean,
moving eastward. The dispatch came
from an agent of the department in
Algiers, and was as follows: "Captain
Moob of the English steamer Hampton
informs me that he passed on the 22d
at 3 p. m., off Pan Tellaria, the Span
ish squadron, bound east, and includ
ing l.fteen f-hips, rome being transports
laden with troops, and three of them
torpedo-boats."
The first report to that effect, which
came through an Italian newspaper,
was taken with some reservation, ow
ing to the known efforts of the Spanish
Government to mislead our naval au
thorities by just such means in friendly
newspapers.
By the reckoning of the naval officers
the squadron should be now nearing
Candia, South of Greece. At the rate it
is progressing the squadron should
reach Port Said, at the entrance to the
Suez canal, about Monday or Tuesday.
There is a question whether the canal
authorities will allow the heavy Span
ish armored ships to risk the passage
of * the canal even tt Admiral Camars
is willing to undertake it. Their draft
of water is so great that they might
easily ground in the canal and thus ob
struct it for navigation indefinitely.
LONDON, June 24.— dispatch to
Lloyds from Algiers confirms the re
port that Admiral Camara's fleet pass
ed the island of Pan Tellaria, going
eastward, on "Wednesday, June 22.
«
BATTLESHIP PELAYO
NOT WITH CAMARA
LONDON, June 25.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily Mail referring
to the reported sailing of Admiral Ca
mara's squadron says:
"Admiral Camara's fleet had flags
flying and vidently desired to be seen.
The Admiralty authorities here be
lieve that the fleet is incomplete. The
battleship Pelayo was not seen, while
there were no transports, and it is
therefore supposed that the squadron
cannot be going to the Philippines."
SIERRA COUNTY WINS
THE STATE BANNER
LOS ANGELES, June 24.— The session
of the eleventh annual convention of the
California Christian Endeavor Associa
tion was resumed this morning.
Miss Belle P. Nnson of San Diego, su
perintendent of the intermediate junior
work, read her report. It showed a mem
bership of 1200 in 505 societies. 55 of which
have been organized since last July. The
State banner goes to Sierra County and
the county banner to Los Angeles Coun
ty for the organization of the Red Cross
auxiliaries.
State Treasurer W. E. McVey read a
report showing a balance brought for
ward from last year of $1061 10, which was
increased this year to $13.58 03. The report
of General Secretary Francis W. Reid
showed 524 societies, with 15,034 active
members and 4421 associated members.
Total, 20.896.
Rev. George H. de Kay of Norwalk and
Rev. D. M. Stewart talked in the after
noon and the devotional exercises were
interspersed with talks by W. S. Wind
ham of Pasadena, Mrs. William Young of
San Diego. Rev. C. S. Mason of Los An
geles. Worman McKellar of San Francis
co, E. C. Gilbert of Oakland, and closed
wiiii a missionary parliament. This
evening a praise service was held.ARMY CORPS IS ORGANIZED AND A
BRIGADE ASSIGNED TO TRANSPORTS
OFFICERS and attaches at head
quarters of the Eighth Army
Corps were busily i-ngaged yes
terday in packinf up and getting
their traps in readiness to be sent
aboard ship. Major General Merritt,
I*. S. A., announces in official orders
that the Indiana, flagship of the third
fleet, sails next Monday, and that the
Newport leaves next Wednesday. Al!
the assignments of staff i ..^cers. corre
spondents, clerks and enlisted men have
been made.
Army surgeons at the Phelan build
ing frequently pause in the work of
preparation to vaccinate offlc .s, as di
rections have been issued that all must
be vaccinated. A few may receive the
virus in the rm after going aboard
ship, but nearly all the ok. ers assigned
to the expedition have complied with
the directions in this regard.
The troops at the Presio. ■> and Camp
Merritt that have been a.' igned to the
third expedition are in constant ex
pectation of orders to break camp and
move to the transports.
THIRD EXPEDITION.
Order From Brigadier General
Mac Arthur Assuming
Command.
Orders will be issued some time to-day
or the first thing to-morrow morning by
Major Gcnoral Otis instructing the forces
forming the third expedition to Manila
to break camp on Monday morning and
go aboard the transports to which they
have been assigned. This order will not
affect the Astor l.ight Battery or batter
ies i>f the Third United States Artillery,
whicli were assigned yesterday to the
Newport and ordered to be in readiness
to go aboard that vessel on Tuesday.
Ordors wore issued yesterday by Major
General Otis assigning the recruits of the
First California and Second Oregon Regi
ments to the Second Brigade, and those
of the First Colorado and First Nebraska
t.' the First Brigade.
The recruits of the Eighteenth United
States Infantry and the soldiers of the
Light Battery were paid yesterday
for two months, up to June 30, inclusive.
Brigadier General Arthur Mac Arthur
■iay issued an order assuming com
mand of the third Philippine Islands ex
pedltlon, and announcing his staff as fol
fows: Second Lieutenant Pogram Whltt
man, Eighteenth I'nited States Infantry,
aid* First L4eut< nant F. J. K.man,
-.■■.•-first United States Infantry, act-
Ing assistant adjutant general, and Cap
tain Charles G. Sawtelle, assistant quar
tern-last' r.
The 301 recruits that have just been
mustered into service for the First Cali
fornia Regiment went into camp yester
day morning. The men are divided into
threo companies, and are under the com
mand of Lieutenants Bedwoll. Halpin and
- vntli California Regiment.
The recruits have their tents pitched on
the camp formerly occupied by the Tenth
Pennsylvania. They will go to Manila
with the Seventh California Regiment.
GOING TO THE PALACE.
State Military Headquarters
Will Be Moved From the
California Hotel.
The headquarters of the State military
-. which have been located in the
California Hotel since the first call for
troops, will be moved to-morrow to the
Palace Hotel, rooms 170 and 172, first floor.
"Wo regret very much to make this
move." said Adjutant General Barrett,
"aa we have !>■ <^n very comfortably cared
Moving from the California HO
..:! seem \<< us like leaving one's
h<>m>-. But as Governor Budd has rooms
at the Palace, and that hotel is more cen
tral, h' has deemed it advisable to have
the headquarters there. It is a lons walk
for him over hero, and whenever he
comes ho is halted a dozen times or more
and thus loses much valuable time."
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Personnel of the Various Staffs
Organized hy General
Merritt.
O«i«>r«1 Onl#r«, Ko. 1.
Headquarters Department of the Pacific
and Eighth Army Corps,
PAX FRANCISCO, Cal., June 23. IS9S.
1. By direction of the President, the
undersigned assumes command of the
Eighth Army Corps, composed of the !
forces comprising the Philippine expedi- i
tion. The troops now assembled and to
arrive at Camp Merritt and vicinity. In
this city, are hereby organized, temporar
ily, for purposes of administration, as the
Independent Division Eighth Army Corps.
Major General E. S. Otis, United States
Volunteers, is assigned to the command
of this division. Further organization of
the corps is deferred until the arrival of
the forces in the Philippines.
2. The following named officers are an
nounced as composing the personal, de
partment and corps staffs, respectively: ,
PERSONAL STAFF.
Major Lewis 11. Strother, United States Vol
unteers, acting aid.
Major Harry C Hale, United States Volun
teers, acting aid.
ONE OF HENSHAW'S OFFICERS
CAPTAIN J. J. WARD of Woodland, Whose
Command Will Join tbe Volunteers.
MERRITT'S PLAN OF CAMPAIGN IN MANILA.
High Estimate Placed Upon the Troops Composing His Command— Patriotic
Generosity of San Francisco Appreciated.
Although the work of Major General Wesley Merritt, Governor General of the Philippines, is nearly at an end in San Francisco, yet he will be a very busy man up to the time of
embarkation for Manila on Wednesday next. He will sail on the Newport, a speedy steamer and able to easily overtake the transport fleet, which according to the present programme is to take
its departure next Monday. The Newport will join the fleet before it reaches Honolulu.
Yesterday General Merritt, in the course of a conversation with a representative of The Call, said:
"Everything is moving very smoothly with the command of the Philippine expeditionary forces, both at Camp Merritt and at the Presidio. The command
has made very rapid and marked improvement during the last three weeks, through the efficiency of the officers and the zeal of the men. The troops have been con
stantly and well drilled, and are in excellent condition for active campaign .work.
"I cannot give too much credit to the staff officers, who have been chiefly instrumental in bringing about this much desired result in so short a time.
General Hughes, my inspector general, has been in attendance at Camp Merritt every day and has performed his duties in a most thorough manner. Major Hale,
aid-de-camp on my staff, and Captain Mott have each rendered important services at Camp Merritt, and I think the command has been greatly benefited by the work
they have done.
"The men, without exception, have shown a disposition to learn. While I don't wish to discriminate, I must say that in some of the organizations the
men have manifested even more zeal than some of the officers. But everybody has done well, and there exists to-day a most admirable esprit de corps.
"The prospects are that the whole command will be en route to Manila before many days, as arrangements are now being perfected by the War Depart
ment to carry everybody.
"I shall go withtheexpedition sailing next week because I consider my presence at Manila now of much more importance than it is here. I feel perfectly
safe in taking my departure at this time as the remaining troops, soon to follow me, will be left in good hands. I leave behind me, in charge of these troops, Ma
jor General Otis, Brigadier General Miller, Brigadier General King and Brigadier General H. G. Otis, all of whom are very efficient officers, and are doing every
thing in their power to get the command on a war footing.
"Every organization of the command is now well supplied with arms and ammunition. Furthermore, the command is made up of excellent material,
and if the opportunity offers I feel confident that these men will make a record on the field of battle of which their countrymen may well feel proud.
"I have, of course, mapped out. in a preliminary way, a system of government for the Philippines, but my plans may be somewhat changed owing to cir
cumstances that may arise after my arrival at Manila. The necessities of the immediate situation must be taken into consideration, and, of course, I cannot be
come acquainted with those necessities until after I reach the Philippines. The Philippine enterprise is a new venture with the United States, and while the final
disposition of the territory is, of course, problematical at this time, the first thing to be done is to bring order out of chaos. As yet there is nothing so mature as
to permit me to make any castiron plans.
" I do not anticipate any serious difficulty in adjusting affairs with the insurgents under Aguinaldo, who, according to advices as published in the news
papers and other information in my possession, are keeping in close touch with Admiral Dewey.
"I have informed myself as much as possible at this distance from the scene of action as to the laws, customs, commerce, climate and resources of the
Philippines. For this I have depended almost wholly upon staff officers who were especially engaged in gathering everything available, and they have collected
a mass of valuable information, properly digested.
"I take great pleasure in saying that the people of San Francisco and California have done everything in their power to make most pleasant our stay in
the city. This is especially true of the benevolent societies. I have never seen such generous hospitality displayed anywhere as there has been in San Francisco. It
is something to be proud of* It has certainly infused a chivalrous and gentlemanly spirit among the men, who have conducted themselves in a most orderly man
ner. The dispensers of this hospitality seemed to know just where to do their good work so that it would benefit the men needing and deserving it. I hope and
believe that the kindness of these people has been well bestowed, and that it will be rewarded by our future conduct. We shall carry away with us the most pleasant
recollections of the hospitable city at the Golden Gate. If, upon our return, we shall receive as hearty a reception as our entertainment has been generous we
shall all feel amply compensated for whatever we may have accomplished."
Captain T. Bentley Mott, United States Vol
unteers, aid.
DEPARTMENT STAFF.
Brigadier General J. B. Babcock. United
State* Volunteers, chief of staff and adjutant
* e Ma™r S. D. Sturgls, United States Volun
teers, assistant adjutant general.
LleuU-nant Colonel C. A. Whlttler, United
States Volunteers, inspector general.
Lieutenant Colonel Enoch H. Crowder. United
States Volunteers. Judge advocate.
Lieutenant Colonel James W. Pope, united
States Volunteers, chief quartermaster.
Lieutenant Colonel David L. Bralnara.
Vntted States Volunteers, chief commissary of
subsistence.
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Ltpplncott. deputy
surgeon general, chief Burgeon.
Major Charles Mc'^ure. paymaster. Unttsd
States Army, chief paymaster.
Major K. B. C. Bement, United States Vol
unteers, engineer officer.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Chippie,
United States Volunteers, chief ordnance of
ficer.
Mi lor Richard K. E. Thompson, United
States Volunteers, chief signal officer.
Major W. A. Simpson. United States Volun
teers, chief of artillery-
CORPS STAFF.
Brigadier General R. P. Hughes, United
States Volunteers, chief of staff and inspector
general.
lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Barry. United
St;it"« Volunteers, adjutant general.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Ij. Jewett, United
States Volunteers, Judge advocate.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles L Potter, United
States Volunteers, chief engineer officer.
4. — The following officer*, not otherwise re
ported, are attached to the flepartmpnt staff:
Major George Ruhlen, United States Volun
teers, depot quartermaster.
Major W. A. Wadsworth. United Ptatos Vol
unteers, assistant to chief quartermaster.
Major n. H. Fitzhugh. United States Volun
teers! assistant to chief commissary.
Major W. H. Curbusier, surgeon, acting med
ical purveyor.
Major '"harles E. W.mdruff. United States
\'olunteers, attending surgeon.
Captain J. M. Cabell. assistant surgeon,
United States Army (retired), assistant to
chief surgeon.
Majnr Charles H. Whlpple, paymaster.
United States Army.
THE SAN FKAISTCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1898.
RULER OF THE ISLANDS.
MAJOR GENERAL WESLEY MERRITT, tbe New Governor General of the
Philippines.
Major Charles E. Kllbourne, paymaster.
United States Army.
Major Herbert M. L«ord, additional paymas
ter, United States Volunteers.
Major Henry C. Fitzgerald, additional pay
master. United States A'olunteers.
Major William B. Rochester Jr.. additional
paymaster. United States Volunteers.
Major Timothy D. Keleher. additional pay
master. United States Volunteers.
Major William O. Gambrill, additional pay
master. United States Volunteer*..
Major John M. Sears, additional paymaster.
United States Volunteers.
6.— The following named officers of the corps
staff will report to Major General E. S. Otis,
commanding independent division, for duty
with the division, and to assist In the organi
sation of the command:
Brigadier General R. P. Hughes, United
States Volunteers, chief of staff and Inspector
general.
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Barry, United
States Volunteers, adjutant general.
W. MERKITT. Major General, U. S. A.
Official: T. BENTLEY MOTT. Aid.
DOES ALGER PLOT
MERRITT'S DOWNFALL?
Weird Rumor That Troops Will Be
Withheld From the
General.
There Is a rumor current In the lnner
moot army circles of Washington— a
whisper of which has reached here
through a member of the charmed circle
—which, if true, may have much to do
with the Philippine expeditionary forces
and upset completely the carefully la,in
plans of General Merritt. if It does not
wreck the success of the great undertak
ing.
The rumor has to do with the ill-feeling
that is known to exist and has existed
between Secretary of War Alger and
General Merritt ever since the war of the
rebellion. An old story is revived of an
act on the part of Secretary Alger, then
an officer in the volunteer army, which
nearly resulted in his having to face the
ordeal of a court-martial. General Merritt
being one of those most Insistent upon his
punishment.
Through the long years of peace that
followed, Alger could only nurse his ani
mosity and wait. Even after he assumed
the direction of the army as Secretary of
War no opportunity presented itself for
him to show the general that he still re
membered the affair of a third of a cen
tury ago, until war with Spain broke out
and Dewey scored the first great victory
of the struggle.
Then, according to the tongue of Dame
Gossip, the Secretary fancied he saw an
opportunity to even up the old score — an
opportunity of which he lost no time in
taking advantage. The capture of the
Philippines— then an unknown quantity
necessitated their occupancy, at least
until the close of the war. The busy jade, |
Rumor, proceeds to lay bare the Becret
thoughts and plans of Secretary Alger for
the discomfiture of his old-time enemy,
as follows:
With Dewey's fleet In possession of the
harbor, Alget- figured that it would re
quire an insignificant land force to hold !
the islands, and it would be a master j
stroke to place Merritt in command and
Uuis shut him out from all chance of
sharing in the glory of an active cam
paign against the enemy. General Mer
ritt in due time was named as the heatf
of the expedition, but here the Secre
tary's plans miscarried.
Daily the Philippines grew in impor
tance, and the possibilities for the mem
bers of the invading army increased.
Hints of trouble with Germany over
their final disposition., together with grow
ing talk of their permanent occupancy by
the United States, added to the importance
of the command and lessened the punish
ment of Merritt proportionately. Still he
had been appointed to the position and
there seemed to be no way to prevent him
from reaping as much, or more, glory as
those who led the forces in Cuba,
But Alger still hoped, and, hoping, re
newed his scheming. The general had de
manded an adequate force to carry out
the plans of the administration and his
demands had been acceded to, but when
it came to moving his troops the Question
4>
<3><S'<S><s><§><e><S><S><3><3><S><3><3><s> < «><3> < j>4 >< 5>5 >
of transports cut a commanding figure
and caused many vexatious delays. But
eventually General Merritt succeeded in
getthig- two expeditions off and ships to
carry enough more troops to make up
about half the force assigned to his com
manci.
One day the general announced that he
Env accompany the third expedition,
leaving General Otis to dispatch the re
mainder of his forces as rapidly as pos
sible A number of ships would" be avail
able by the middle of July to transport
the bulk of the troops, and General Mer
ritt was anxious to reach the scene of his
operations and begin the establishment of
a military government at the earliest pos
sible day.
When this announcement reached
Washington Secretary Alger saw in it
another opportunity to accomplish the un
doing of Merritt. His plan was nothing
less than to stop the forwarding of re
enforcements, leaving Merritt with half
the force he had been promised. This
would naturally prevent him from doing
anything more than to occupy Manila.
He could not undertake a campaign
against the enemy if it retreated beyond
range of Dewey's guns, nor could he even
cope with the insurgents under Aguinaldo
should they rebel against American sov
ereignty in the islands. Consequently, his
campaign would prove a failure, and Mer
ritt would be a fallen hero in the eyes of
his countrymen.
Such ts the rumor that has traveled
across the continent. If Merritt sails with
the third expedition not another man is
to follow him if Alger can prevent it.
Wild as it may seem, there still remains
the fact that since the close of the Re
bellion Alger and Merritt have been any
thing but friends.
ARTILLERY TO AID DEWEY
Four Batteries of the Third
Artillery Regiment to Sail
for Manila on Monday.
The entire Manila Battalion of the
Third United States Artillery Regiment,
now encamped at Camp Miller, on the
GRASS VALLEY'S LEADER.
CaptaiQ P. T. Riley, W1)O Will Retail} His Con)
mand in the Eighth Regiment.
Presidio reservation, will sail for th«
Philippines next week with the third ex-
E edition. Batteries G and L, commanded
y Captain Randolph and Captain Birk
himer, respectively, the latter being in
command of the battalion composed of
these two batteries, received orders sev
eral days ago to set in readiness for em
barkation on the transport Ohio. Tha
loading of their belongings was completed
yesterday, and they will go on board shin
to-day or Sunday.
Brigadier-General Miller, of whose bri
gade the Manila Baltalion of the Third
Artillery form a part, held a consultation
Thursday afternoon with its commanding
officer, Major Hess, and upon being in
formed that the remaining batteries — H
and X— were prepared at a moment's no
tice to embark for Manila, he stated that
these two batteries would be ordered to
sail on the Newport. The officers of H
battery are Captain James O'Hara and
Lieutenant B. M. Kessler, adjutant of
Camp Miller: and of X Battery the offi
cers are Captain Charles W. Hobbs and
Lieutenant Lloyd England. The Manila
Battalion will go to the front with its full
strength of 800 men— 2oo to each battery.
The other batteries of the Third Artil
lery are stationed at various posts: One
at Fort Stevens, at the mouth of the Co
lumbia River; one at San Diego; one at
Fort Monroe. Va. ; three— A, I and E—un
der command of Major Kinzie at Fort
Point, who is also the commander of the
regiment; and the two light batteries ax©
with General Shafter's forces.
LONG NOT TO BLAME.
Local Commercial Bodies Ex-*,
onerate the Quartermaster
of Employing Chinese.
The following resolutions were adopted
by the Chamber of Commerce and the
Board of Trade yesterday and forwarded
to Senator Perkins:
To Hon. George C. Perkins, United States
Senator, Washington, D. C: Kindly present
copy of the following statement to each mem
ber of our California delegation and to ths
Quartermaster's Department, the Navy De
partment and the War Department in Wash
ing-ton:
Whereas, Certain statements have been mads
in the San Francisco papers derogatory to tha
character of the depot Quartermaster, U. S. A.,
this city, charging that he has favored Chi
nese labor in preference to white labor; and
"Whereas, such statements are calculated to
injure a worthy gentleman, who to our knowl
edge has endeavored in every practicable way
to obtain from the markets of San Francisco
anil (ram the manufacturers of the coast all
necessary supplies for this department and for
the equipment of the expedition to Manila.
We. the undersigned, officers of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce and San
Francisco Board of Trade, hereby certify that
to our personal knowledge Major Oscar F.
Long has stipulated in all contracts that only
white labor should" be employed in manufac
turing the supplies required for the army, and
that whenever facts have been laid before
him showing that contractors have deviated
from his requirements he has at once can
celed the contract.
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF SAN!
FRANCISCO, ljuph Craig, President.
BOARD OF TRADE OF SAN FRANCISCO.
A. A. Watkins. President.
TROOPS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
An Army of 17,062 Officers and
Men at Camp Merritt and
the Presidio.
The grand total of officers and men now!
at Camp Merritt is 14,062.
These figures do not include the execi**
tive officers at the headquarters of Major
General Otis nor the quarters of Briga
dier Generals utis, Mac Arthur, Miller and
King. The number of headquarters at
taches will average six each. This will
add thirty to the total of the figures be
low.
Enlisted.
Regiment— Men. Officers. Total.
Fourteenth Infantry 677 9 684
Eighteenth Infantry 975 15 990
Twenty-third Infantry... 913 IS 923
Thirteenth Minnesota
Volunteers I.2<U 50 1,330
Twentieth Kansas 1,233 46 1.279
First Idaho 6-4 31 715
First Tennessee 1,305 36 1,341
First Wyi.niing 324 14 338
First Utah Cavalry 100 3 103
Seventh California 1,280 51 1,331
First South Dakota 1,024 46 1,070
First North Dakota 668 31 699
Fifty-first lowa 1,276 48 1,324
Astor Artillery 99 3 102
First Montana 977 48 1,025
Signal Corps 60 5 63
Recruits for various regi
ments 520 10 530
Engineer Corps 99 2 101
Totals 13.598 464 14.062
At the Presidio the organization of reg
ular artillery and cavalry, together with
the volunteer infantry and artiller>,
numbers 3000 enlisted men. and officers.
The army at present in San Francisco
therefore numbers 17,062 officers and men.
TREADMILL FOR HORSES.
To Be Used on Shipboard for
Exercise of Cavalry Horses
Shipped to Manila.
Major Sanford T. Kellogg, In command
of the six troops of the Fourth United
States Cavalry and of the Nevada troop,
which has been attached to his command,
has had assigned to him an experimental
task of great responsibility. Each of the
six troops of the Fourth Cavalry will take
to Manila fifty horses, making a total of
300. The distance is about 6500 miles, and
the only stopping place is at Honolulu.
Whether the fleet of the fourth expedi
tion will stay at Honolulu long enough
to have the horses taken ashore in order
to give them needed exercise remains to
be seen. Even should the fleet stop there_
Continued on Page Seven.
56
SATURDAY JUNE 25, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. p.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.. year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Buildinft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington <d. cj office Rtefis Hoqm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROG.NESS. Advertising Representative.
tRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'ctoaK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock' 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia—" Aristocracy."
Baldwin -"The Passion Play I *'
Alcazar— "A Celebrated Case. '
• Morosco'B— "After Dark '•
Tlvoll— "All Baba."
Orpheum —Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Cross Benefit, Tuesday evening,
June 23.
I The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Sutro'B Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dancing. boating. fishing, every Sunday.
. Kecreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
Coursing— lng-leslde Coursing Park.
Mirabel Park— Excursion,
Oakland Racetrack— Races. _^
AUCTION SALES.
By G«o. F. Lamson— Monday, June 27, Immense Library, at
corner Market and Seventh streets, at 2 and 7:30 P. m.
ThJE INSULT TO HOBSON.
WHEN the Examiner published a fake letter al
leged to have been written by Lieutenant
Hobson it was guilty of a crime blacker than
ordinarily characterizes its columns of bogus news.
People have grown accustomed to being swindled by
that paper. They regard its impositions as something
in the nature of a joke and take up the sheet with
daily wonder as to what form of confidence game it
will be found practicing. So thoroughly discredited
has the Examiner become that it has in a great
measure lost its power to do harm. But when its
heralded information is not only false but vicious
there is a tendency to resent it.
The Hobson letter was an affront against decency,
and particularly against that gallant gentleman him
self. It made him pose as a braggart and a crack
brained, self-glorifying ninny. While for a moment
it might have misled a thoughtless reader, it could
not even temporarily have deceived a newspaper
man, and any newspaper man giving it unqualified
publicity must have been guilty of deliberate effort
to defraud. Not only did the subject matter of the
letter betray its real quality, but other circumstances
stamped it as a stupid pretense.
There was no possibility that such a letter could
have been received, no possibility that having been
received it would have been turned over to the press.
It was so clearly the product of a liar that no excuse
can be offered by the Examiner for having presented
it as legitimate. The correspondent dishonors the
profession. He deserves to be barred. Yet such cor
respondents could not flourish to the damage of the
craft were there not unclean, conscienceless, yellow
journals ready to give currency to anything savoring
of sensation. Such a journal is the Examiner.
INTERNATIONAL AMERICAN BANK-
ONE of the larger measures affecting our peace
ful interests which Congress has found time to
discuss among the excitements of war is the
bill providing for the establishment of an international
American bank. The object of the measure is to pro
vide a means for facilitating commerce among the
countries of this hemisphere, and it is therefore a step
toward accomplishing that great scheme of Pan-
Americanism which survives as an evidence of the
creative statesmanship of Blame.
The bill has met the usual Democratic and Popu
listic antagonism. It is a financial measure not of
their making, and therefore they shy at it. It does
not undertake the free coinage of silver, nor an un
limited issue of greenbacks, and therefore they op
pose it. It is not a fiat money scheme in any par
ticular, but a plan for promoting commerce by fur
nishing a safe means for transacting legitimate mone
tary affairs and the settlement of balances among
merchants of the different American countries, and
therefore it appears to the wild imaginations of the
fiatists as another conspiracy on the part of the gold
monster to press a crown of thorns upon the brow of
labor and crucify mankind upon a cross of gold.
Our Consuls in the various Central and South
American countries have repeatedly pointed out that
one of the serious disadvantages under which our
manufacturers and merchants operate in those mar
kets is due to the lack of American banking facili
ties there. Bankers of Great Britain and of Germany
have extensive agencies in all the principal cities, and
their influence is exerted to encourage the imports
of the goods of their own country. To meet this ad
verse influence we must provide American banks, and
this can be done better by the co-operation of cap
italists in forming one great financial institution than
by separate efforts on the part of many.
While it is gratifying that Congress has been able
in a time of war to give attention to this measure of
peaceful commercial enterprise, it would be more sat
isfactory if the subject of Pan-American commerce
had been taken up as a whole and not by piecemeal.
The need of an international bank to facilitate trade
is great, but the need of ships to carry it on is even
greater. The British and the Germans in seeking a
market for their products in this hemisphere have
not contented themselves with providing banking
conveniences for their merchants and their customers.
They have provided ships to carry the goods and have
pranted liberal subsidies to maintain the shipping.
We must do likewise if we hope to succeed in win
ning the markets from them.
No occasion for alarm is constituted by the report
that the Cadiz fleet is bound for the Philippines.
Even if it could get there Dewey could defeat it
without calculating on the help of the Charleston
and the Monterey.
There can be no objection to Blanco's hurling de
fiances, as dispatches say he is doing. He doubtless
feels in duty bound to hurl something:
ANNEXATION INSTRUCTIONS.
BECAUSE Senator White has, from the incep
tion of the issue, stood against the reception
of Hawaii as a, gift from Dole, incumbered
only by his $5,000,000 debt and 30,000 coolies, it has
pleased the annexation organs to fling at him the
resolutions passed by the Legislature which elected
him.
Whenever The Call has explained this matter it has
also pleased the same organs to say that this paper
is Senator White's organ. Of course their instant de
fense of Democratic members of Congress who vote
for annexation is not "orgrnic" at all. The facts are
that the Legislature which elected Senator White did
pass a resolution favoring the annexation of Hawaii
by "honorable means." As such means have not yet
been used, he would be absolved from obedience
any way. It is not honorable to attempt to annex the
country against the protest of a large majority of
its people. When such plan fails by treaty it is not
honorable to violate the constitution by annexing a
separate sovereignty by a joint resolution. It is not
honorable to pretend that the latter method follows
the Texas precedent. Texas was never annexed. It
was admitted directly into the Union as a State, after
the issue had been submitted to and indorsed by the
people of that sovereignty. But what of the legisla
tive mind and will on this subject?
Senator Perkins was elected by the Legislature of
1895, two years after Senator White's election. An
annexation resolution was introduced in the Senate
of that Legislature and was beaten by a vote of nine
to twenty-two! Every Democrat and a majority of
the Republicans voted against it. If there is binding
force in legislative instruction to Senators of the
United States, this last expression of the legislative
will would bind both of our Senators. While it suits
the organs of the Hawaiian sugar planters and coolie
labor to attack Senator White for not obeying the
legislative will of 1893, it suits the same organs to
cordially support Senator Perkins for not obeying
the legislative will of 1895.
In this same connection the Oakland Enquirer has
had somethingto say about newspaper sentiment toward
Senator White, to the effect that a Republican paper
in Los Angeles is indorsing him for the purpose of
his return to the Senate and at the same time desires
to elect Mr. Henry T. Gage" of Los Angeles, a Re
publican, for Governor. It is added that the Los
Angeles paper is thereby showing servile zeal for its
attorney and its leading stockholder.
The Call wants a Republican Senator and a Re
publican Governor, but when servile zeal is mentioned
we cannot withhold the reflection that the Enquirer
is zealous for a candidate for Governor who is also
largely interested in its ownership. While he daily
records his good opinion of himself in his own paper
he should not point the finger of scorn — or, in fact,
any finger at all — at others who may try to reach
their ambitions by owning "organs."
A LESSON OF THE WAR.
AN important lesson is to be learned by the Gov
ernment and the people of the United States
from the difficulty and delay that have been
experienced in providing sustenance and equipments
for the troops enlisted for the war. In the camps on
both the Atlantic and the Pacific coasts the sup
plies have been insufficient and the resultant evil
serious.
Much of the complaint and criticism have doubt
less been exaggerated by sensational journals, but
when due allowance is made for that distortion there
remains enough to justify earnest consideration of
the subject. All the critics have not been irrespon
sible persons. General Miles himself has officially
condemned the manner in which the troops at Tampa
and other Floridian camps have been left without
sufficient supplies, and in all probability the officers
in command on this coast have been tempted at times
to send similar communications to the Government.
It is well known that many of the most needed sup
plies for the camps in this city have been provided by
the voluntary efforts of the women of the Red Cross,
and while their action is highly creditable to them,
it is to be regretted the necessity for it should have
arisen.
The blame for the situation does not rest upon the
administration nor upon any of our official authori
ties. The evil has been the result of the system, or
lack of system, provided by Congress for the manage
ment of our armies. We have beefl so sanguine of
the permanent continuance of peace that we have
made no provisions for war on a large scale. The
superb administrative machinery built up during the
Civil War, which enabled the Government to main
tain; and supply an army of a million of men, has
long since been broken down and abolished. We
entered this war, therefore, rich in every sort of sup
plies, but without the means of making prompt use of
them.
The condition of our war legislation may be es
timated from the fact that the United States statutes
to-day provide that: "Every citizen shall • * *
be constantly provided with a good musket or fire
lock of a bore sufficient for balls of an eighteenth
part of a pound * * * two spare flints * * *
with a good rifle shot pouch and powder horn * * *
and a quarter of a pound of powder. * *■ * Each
commissioned officer shall be armed with a sword or
hanger and a spontoon."
That was the war regulation of the period of the
Revolution. It was a part of the scheme adopted by
Washington and his colleagues in the making of the
nation to keep the country prepared for the possibility
of war. We have kept the letter on tne statute book
but have lost the spirit that made the letter valu
able. It is time now to revive the intent and mean
ing of that old law of the fathers. We must adopt
regulations which will at all times maintain the na
tion in readiness for conflict and clothe the Govern
ment with power at any moment to make full use of
the vast resources of the people for the equipment
and supply of its troops as fast as volunteers muster
to the colors.
Mrs. John White is in jail for the offense of throw
ing her boy out into the cold, and wtth due defer
ence to her sex, it is proper to hope that she may
stay there until the boy shall be big enough to defend
himself.
Probably Spaniards will claim victory as long as
they have breath In their bodies, and the death of
those who are killed will be ascribed to the joy of
triumph.
It is difficult to keep track of the Kaiser the way
the correspondents toss him around from a posi
tion of friendly neutrality to an attitude distinctly
hostile.
Two of McKinley's nephews have enlisted without
waiting for commissions. Some years ago a dis
tinguished uncle of theirs did the same thing.
After a while the Spanish will be in a corner and
be obliged to fight under the disadvantage of being
winded by a long sprint
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1898.
THE report of the Grand Jury upon the "cause
less delays" and "wanton waste" which have
characterized the execution" of the contract for
the construction of the Hall of Justice at Kearny
and Washington streets can be regarded, though a
grave document, in no other than a serio-comic light.
The present Grand Jury is not the first that has regis
tered a protest against the delays, nor are the present
Supervisors the only ones who have been bam
boozled by the contractors. Again and again, for
upward of three years, grand juries and Supervisors
have tried to straighten this matter out, with no more
success than will probably follow the latest effort.
The truth probably is that Bateman Brothers—
whose political pull is evidently one of the great in
stitutions of the town — took the contract too low and
are unable to execute it. Surely under prevailing cir
cumstances it cannot be a source of profit to them.
Men have been known to make money by keeping
close to boards and Supervisors, but never while
hanging around them asking for time extensions on
bad contracts. If Bateman Brothers are getting rich
constructing the Hall of Justice it is not apparent
where the money is coming from. The contract may
be "salted" in some way, or retaining control of it
may contribute to their political influence, but as a
business proposition the whole thing must necessarily
be a howling farce.
Why, it may then be asked, do not the contractors
let go? No one has yet been able to answer this
question. Two or three grand juries have "reported"
upon the phenomenon, large numbers of property
owners have "investigated" it and on numberless
occasions Supervisors' committees have traversed the
subject; yet nobody has discovered why the con
tractors do not throw up their job and let somebody
else construct the Hall of Justice. We think it would
be well to give attention to this branch of the diffi
culty. If it cannot be determined why Bateman
Brothers persist in preventing the completion of the
building, would it not be a good idea to form some
plan for kicking them out and putting in charge a
builder who will at least make a bluff at it? This re
sult would justify a lawsuit.
One great point, however, has been settled by the
Grand Jury report under consideration. It is com
prised in a single sentence: "We found," says the
jury to Judge Belcher, "that the architect up to June
13 has been paid $8618 on progress estimates of
$105,600, and that during the whole period of inac
tivity a superintendent was employed at a salary of
$250 a month and an inspector of bricks at $5 per
day — receiving $4375 and $1700 each respectively up
to this date."
We have assumed that no person was deriving ben
efit "from the delay in completing the structure. This
shows that we have been mistaken. An architect,
superintendent and brick inspector are making money.
The gratifying nature of this information can scarcely
be overestimated. The protesting property-owners,
indignant grand jurors and bamboozled Supervisors
may now hide their diminished heads. The con
spicuous purpose of all Government work is being
subserved in the case of the Haul of Justice. Three
tax eaters are getting fattened out of it.~ Let the delay
continue. It is the duty of the city to fat its tax
eaters. Even in this case the end justifies the means.
SPEAKER REED'S bold and statesmanlike
stand against the unreasoning course of the
Hawaiian annexationists has drawn upon him
self the adverse criticism of a whole host of talkers
and scribblers. The criticisms as a rule hardly
amount to a direct attack. The critics content them
selves with pecking at him, finding a little fault here,
a little defect there, and questioning his motives and
his manners.
Among these pecking critics is a bolder one — the
Chicage Inter Ocean. It advances the theory that
the opposition of the Speaker to the annexation
scheme is the outcome of a personal spite against the
President. It declares he has fallen in public esti
mation, that he has lost the confidence even of his
own constituents, calls his present situation a "mourn
ful one," and says, "It illustrates too clearly the fate
bound to overtake the man who tries to subordinate
the interests of the American people to the ends of
personal spleen."
This exhibition of criticism gone daft is cited to
show the extent of the delirium which has taken pos
session of those who have given themselves over to
the mania for territorial aggrandizement, reckless of
the consequences and careless of the method. In its
sober senses the Inter Ocean knows that rarely in our
history has any man ever held a higher place in pol
itics or in public esteem than that now occupied by
Tom Reed. He has in a measure reconstructed Con
gress, has changed it from a wrangling debating so
ciety, disorderly and ineffective, into the most effi
cient legislative body on the globe. His easy mastery
over its mutinous factions has never been more strik
ingly demonstrated than during the present session,
and the loyalty of his party to him as evinced by the
representatives of the party in the house was never
stronger.
When a cause can be supported only by alleging
that such a man as Speaker Reed Is actuated in a
grave issue of national interest by petty spite and per
sonal spleen, that cause is a bad one. Moreover,
there will be a widespread belief that those who make
such allegations are themselves given over to spite.
The spectacle presented by the Inter Ocean is a
mournful one. It illustrates too clearly the fate
bound to overtake a newspaper that subordinates the
Interests of the American people to the ends of per
sonal spleen.
According to the growing strictness of the inter
pretation of laws concerning registration a man will
soon be required to swear that his father was never
related to anybody who knew anybody who had
speaking acquaintance with anybody born in a for
eign land.
The penalty for shooting a Stockton attorney was
fixed at $ioo. It can hardly be thought that such
a paltry sum represented anything like adequate pun
ishment for the crime of attempted murder. Per
haps it was intended as a fine for the failure.
There are several reasons why the Chinese habit
of murder should be checked. It gives the town a
bad name, and some of the assassins are likely to
shoot wild, to the detriment of the passerby.
Sausalito gamblers continue to fight each other,
and a strange tendency to discourage them seems
to have developed. A war of mutual extermination
would be a blessing.
An evening paper hints at the danger of bom
bardment threatening San Francisco. Yet it might
have found important things to think about.
It may be noticed that the attempt to discredit
Miles does not receive any sympathy in the West,
, where the general is best known.
THE HAUL OF JUSTICE.
SPEAKER REED.
OF LLIML |\l^im 1# % %%&-** jtj A w g ' i\ui'iii\lmi
-'Bj^Pl'- WAR AS AN INVESTMENT. X /^S. ■ 1|!
Sill Ii ! By Russell Sage. //^ssi>\^ 1 !
; Q:| |j | WHAT I SAW IN SAN / / ||
'9| ! ( JUAN DURING THE /^Ss^ x-/ j
"* ||| I BOMBARDMENT. /^ <^ £ / ! !Jj!
81l CAPTAIN SPRAY, / :<^^>X LATEST IBM i
| | [|j CAPTAIN SPRAY,' / *J*X LATEST
Hi Blockade /^L <^° WONDER • i I
-.: B I ||| ! Runner /^VV^^oV IN SCIENCE. I
ißi /'^SF&^S/ ■*■ SAVING' llgg|l§! I |
I ■ /4st c^V/THE SACRAMENTO
g/^^s^ ®S/ VALLEY i
X / FROM DROUGHT.
|| j I ■ \S PAGES OF OTHER SPECIAL FEATURES. ' : ; I
■ ■ ' ' ■ ■ ■ ._ . . . .
COLLECTED IN
Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Nixie of London are
at the Palace.
T. H. Buckingham, a rancher of Vaca
ville, is at the Grand.
Paul E. Lindsay, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, Is registered at the Grand.
Alph "Verel and A. Jenkins, mining men
of Glasgow, Scotland, are at the Grand.
C. J. Campbell of Honolulu arrived on
the Peru and is stopping at the California.
On Wednesday
evening about 6
o'clock Benny
g about 6
< Benny-
Benjamin, the
well-known rac
ing reporter, was
the happiest man
■s-vwyvrrvwww jn this city. An
hour later he was the saddest, and there
by hangs a tale.
When the season closed here Benjamin
determined to go to Montana and keep an
eye on the horses in that far-off country,
but he could not satisfy himself that it
was necessary for him to purchase a rail
road ticket to get there. All the influence
that his friends possessed was ineffica
cious to secure the much desired pass for
the trip. The twelve labors of Hercules
were mere insignificant undertakings
compared with the efforts of "Benny's"
friends to soften the stony : heart of the
S. P. At last a real friend came to his
rescue. He gave Benjamin a note !to W.
H. Mills of the Southern Pacific, in which
a pass was asked for, and in return a
promise was made to publish an "ad" for
the S. P. in the paper of which the friend
is the editor. Mr. Mills received Benja
min with the utmost courtesy and *o
show his magnanimity he waived, the of
fer of the editor and told Benny that he
would : give the pass to Montague as a
mere act of friendship. He also said that
he would unhesitatingly fill out a pass to
Portland , . but : the : interstate law . prevent
ed him. Benny, thought, that this was all
right, that the charges from Montague to
Portland were a mere trifle, so he accept
ed the pass : and after, effusive thanks
givings, he left the S. P. building with
glistening eye and swelling chest, •: ready
to start for j Portland on the first I train.
Walking up the street he met a railroad
man., Wiis joy was so great that he im
mediately told I his j good fortune, wonder
ing why some people say the S. P. is not
charitable. The railroad man smiled and
proceeded to - question the pass-holder on
geography and rates. Then Benny dis
covered that the fare from Montague,
which is on the State line, to Portland is
$12, and that the rate from this city. to the
metropolis of Oregon is only ■ $11 with
berth. For a minute the life of Hon. W. H.
Mills was in jeopardy, and there will be
a warm time . when Benjamin meets that
gentleman. The racing authority is still
In this city.
HOW THE S. P.
BEAT
BENJAMIN.
John Ena, Mrs. Ena, John Ena Jr. anfl
Miss Anna Ena are registered at the Cali
fornia.
Captain George W. Coffin arrived yes
terday from Yokohama and is staying at
the Occidental.
Sanchez Aguirre and family are guests
at the Palace. Senor Aguirre is a prom
inent merchant of Mexico.
T. W. H. Shanahan, the Code . Commis
sioner, arrived last ; night . from Anderson
and is staying at the Grand. .
■ » ■ :
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 24.— Knox Maddox of
San Francisco is at the Holland. C. Ball
of San Francisco has gone to Paris.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
.: WASHINGTON, ; June 24.— Henry ; Olds
of Los Angeles and iTneodore Sweigert of
Oakland are at the National Hotel.
"■■ — '. ' :"■ ♦ * — - — .-•"
BASIS OF ENGLAND'S AMITY.
Considering that England's purchases
from us are actually essential to her ex
istence, we find in that one fact alone suf
ficient reason for Great Britain's keen
interest in, and strong friendship for, us.
For Great Britain to be summarily cut off
from receiving our food stuffs, would be
the worst blow that could be inflicted
upon that nation. If we were involved in
a war with Continental Europe, and they
should effectively blockade our ports, it
would be Great Britain, and n#t the
United States, that would be at the mercy
of our enemies. Of somewhat secondary,
but of very great incidental importance,
would be the loss of employment that
would fall upon British manufacturers
and their employes, if they were deprived
of the raw materials which they purchase
from us in such prodigious quantities.
Fully two-thirds of our foreign carrying
is done by British ships. Probably fully
one-third of the entire British shipping:
in the foreign trade is employ ed in the
carriage of our imports and exports. Were
this shipping cut off, summarily and com
pletely, from this trade, "the losses it
would inflict upon British shipowners and
the great mass of the Britsh people would
be fearful. When we reflect upon these
material— actually vital— considerations,
which compel Great Britain to become
and to remain our stanch friend and
faithful ally, we find that, whether her
heart is in the alliance or not, her inter
ests are so bound up in our well being
that a suspension of trade relations with
this country for a protracted period might
inflict injuries upon Great Britain which
she might not be able to survive. Let us
not beguile ourselves, therefore, nor be
beguiled as a nation, into believing that
Great Britain's interest in the United
States is wholly sentimental.— Seaboard.
HOBSON'S CHOICE,
— — —
His to do and never ask,
What the peril of the task.
His to brave the sullen foe.
His to strike the daring blow.
That was Hobson'a choice.
Down into the Jaws of Death,
In the battle's scorching breath.
Went he with his sturdy crew,
Nor the danger never knew.
This was Hobson's choice.
His to face the screaming shell.
Face It bravely, face it ■well.
Playing for a glorious stake.
Risking all for country's sake.
This was Hobson's choice.
80. my lads, no long-er scorn
This old saw bo lowly born.
But whene'er you chance to hear
The old thing get up and cheer
For Hobson's choice.
—New York Evening Telegram.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
OILS— J. 8., City. This department has
announced time and again that it does
not advertise any business or firm. If
you wish to ascertain the names of deal
ers in a particular kind of oil look in
the back part of the directory in that
portion known as "classified business."
THE VESUVIUS— A Subscriber, City.
The contract for building the dynamite
cruiser Vesuvius was* awarded to the
Pneumatic Dynamite Gun Company ol
New York, but the vessel was actually
built by William Cramp & Co. of Phila
delphia. The work was begun February
11, 18S7, and the vessel was placed in com
mission June 7, 1890. She carries three
fifteen-inch dynamite guns and three
rapid-firing guns. Gun cotton shells are
used, these being considered the most
powerful high explosive for safe carriage
on shipboard.
RED CROSS SOCIETY— A. 8., City, and
A. S., San Leandro, Cal. The objects of
the Red Cross Society were set forth in
an answer to another correspondent in
The Call of June 8. The international
president is Gustave Monyier of Geneva
Switzerland. The society derives funds'
_ ADVERTISEMENTS. . ;__''_'.__
ttAKWJW&FmmMH
Made from
pure grape cream of tartar, and
absolutely free from lime,
alum and ammonia. «
I ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK,
from its membership and from donations
in case of need. The Government has
given sanction to the Red Cross Society to
send nurses to the front.
POSTAL, EXAMINATION— C. 8.. City.
Any one desiring to undergo civil service
examination in the postoffice branch cart iff
obtain the proper blanks and all informa
tion concerning the examination on ap
licatlon to the secretary of the commis
sion In the office of Postmaster in this
city.
BRANCH MINTS— A. M.. City. Tha
parent mint is in Philadelphia. In 1835
branch mints were established at New
Orleans, at Charlotte, N. C., and at Dah
lonega, Ga.; in 1552 at San Francisco, in
1564 at Dallas, Or., and in 1870 at Carson
City, Nev. Assay offices were established
at New York in 1554, at Denver, Colo., in
1564, and at Boise City, Idaho, in 1872.
These were considered branches of the
Philadelphia Mint until 1573, when the
coinage act of that year made them sep
arate mints and assay offices. These
mints are bureaus of the Treasury De
partment, and are all under the general
supervision of the chief officer of that
department. The mints at Charlotte and
Dahlonega were suspended in 1861, that
of Dallas in 1875, that of New Orleans
from 1860 to 1879 and that of Carson City
in ISSS. The demands of commerce re
quire the maintaining of the number of
branch mints now in operation. '*-;. : ;V-":V
■■ m ■
Townsend's peanut taffy; best in world. •
..♦ ■ .
Cream Mixed Candies; 25c lb. Townsend's*
. ♦ ■
Townsend's famous broken candy; 2 lbs 25c*
:—: — ' ♦ '
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits; 50c lb: in fire-etched
boxes. 627 Market, Palace Hotel bldg. •
■ » ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■• « ■
"The Comet" Man— "The Streak" Is
nowhere. Yesterday we had news an
hour earlier than you did.
"The Streak" Man— Don't you fret. To
day our extra was dated two hours later
than yours.— Boston Transcript. .-
. ♦ . ■ "' •■
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave *
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via ••
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, In
cluding berths, meals and trip throusfc the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 638 Market st., S. F.
The Santa Fe Route will run second excur
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado, Arizona,
on Thursday, June 30. Noted scientists will ac
company the party. A pleasant and profitable
trip. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market at.
In the Cuban swamps a bottle of Dr. Slegert'g
Angostura Bitters will do wonders to keep
your digestive organs In order.
A neighbor was trying to consola &
farmer whose son had enlisted. "Don't
be worried," he said; "it's my opinion
that boy'll be heard from!"
"He's been heard from." was the dis
consolate reply. "He's jest drawed on
me fer $50!"— Atlanta Constitution.ÜBI CORPS
IS ORGANIZED
Continued from Fifth Tage.
Several days the landing of the horses
Would bo a very difficult undertaking.
♦v,T , VOyago to . Manila will take about
thirty days, which is a very long time for
norses to be cooped up on shipboard It
is believed that a great many of them will
ale before reaching Manila. However the
experiment must be tried, and every 'pos
sible means will be employed to preserve
the health and life of these valuable and
highly trained horses. The ventilation of
the transport will be the first thing to be
arranged and next the protection from
Injury that might be caused by the pitch-
Ing or rolling of the ship. ~~^"
As to exercising the animals, Major
Banford proposes if possible to have a
long tre / am !l^ bbuti t in the center of the
ship and put the horses at work on this
machine one after the other. The idea
seems to be a very practical one, and was
suggested to Major Kellogg by the tread-
Sriie F C ai n SCCne ° the play ° f
nT Th ? l a fu we shipment of army horses to
Manila depends largely upon the success
", a " u n e v> of thls experiment, and the re-
RhmM * awalted ltn much interest.
Should the treadmill prove a success in
tn-.s case it . ay become an important
ractor in the shipment of livestock on long
voyages or commercial purposes.
*v Jh e volunteer troop of cavalry now-at
the Presidio is pronounced by Major Kel
logg to be as fine a body of men as there
is anywhere in this branch of the army
service. Besides they have a magnificent
lot of horses. It Is quite probable that
they will be attached to Major Kellogg's
command.
The Nevada cavalrymen are also highly
praised by Major Kellogg for their fine
physique and soldierly qualities.
THE. EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
The Companies Will Report in
Oakland on Next Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday.
The rendezvous of Colonel Henshaw's
regiment, the Eighth California, will be
In Oakland. The various companies
Will assemble there next week, and.
after being fully equipped, which will
require only a few days, they will come
over to San Francisco and march to
Camp Merritt. It is the boast of the
chief officers of this organization, which
Is made up of National Guardsmen,
that it will be t..e finest rejiment in
every respect ever seen in this city.
The companies have _een ordered to re
port at the 0.-kland rendezvous on the
following dates:
Sunday, June 2S —Company D of the
Fifth Regiment. Captain William" Elliott,
San Rafael; Company B of the Second,
Captain Ford. Colusa; Company B of the
Fifth. Captain H. L. Partridge." San Jose;
Company E of the Fifth, Captain S. E.
Havens, Santa Rosa.
Wednesday, June 23— Company D of the
Second Regiment, Captain J. H. Voss,
Marysville; Company G of the Fifth,
Captain M. W. Simpson, Alameda; Com
pany I of the Second, Captain J. J. Ca
hill, Chico; Company F of the Fif'h
Captain Charles E. Wenk, Oakland.
Thursday, June 30— Company I of the
Second Regiment, Captain J. I. Peters,
Grass Valley; Company F of the Second,
Captain J. J. AVard, Woodland; Company
H of the Second, Captain W. E. Sniitli,
Redding; Company C of the Fifth, Tap.
tain John McClay (resigned), Petalum.x.
The division of the regiment into
three sections to arrive on three dif
ferent days has been done to avoid con
fusion in the handling and equipping
of the men.
A camping ground between two elec
tric roads and near the Southern Pa
cific track, two miles oast of Broad
way. Oakland, was selected yesterday
by Colonel Carrington and Quartermas
ter Heller.
TO DISINFECT THE CAMP.
General Otis Issues sin Order to
Improve the Sanitary Con
dition of Camp Merritt.
Major General Otis has it last taken
effective measures toward improving the
sanitary condition of Camp Merritt. For
the last two weeks The Call has daily
jn^liliphed facts in connection with the
worse than bad condition of the camp, and
the exclusive news of the diphtheria cases
in camp and the opinions of the surgeons
that the awful disease migm become epi
demic had the effect of causing Maior
General Otis yesterday to Issue the fol
lowing order:
Headquarters Independent Division Philippine
[Bland* Expeditionary Forces.
TAMP MERRITT, S. F., Cal., June 25, IMS.
Circular:
All sinks in this camp will be disinfected
■with a mixture of lime, Iron sulphate and
water (1 peck of lime and 6 pounds of iron
eulphate to ZS gallons of water), at least three
gallons of v.hich will be distributed to each
sink daily, and a layer of dry earth added.
The chief quartermaster at these headquar
ters will furnish • the necessary barrels and
materials.
Brigade commanders will see to it that the
Finks of each organization of their respective
brigades are Inspected daily by the regimental
surgeon or medical officer attache, and that
they are thoroughly disinfected as directed
above. Reports of failure to comply with the
above instructions will be made by the Bur
geons direct to the brigade commanders. By
command. MAJOR GENERAL OTIS.
THOMAS H. BARRY, Assistant Adjutant
( ;• nera).
There is no doubt that much of the sick
ness has been caused by the bad condition
of the sinks. This evil being obviated,
the danger of an epidemic among the
troops is greatly lessened.
War Inc dents.
Thursday evening the young people of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY WANT TO TELL
These Grateful "Women Who Have
Been Helped by Mrs. Pinkham.
Women who have suffered severely
and been relieved of their ills by Mrs.
Pinkham's advice and medicine are
constantly urging publication of their
statements for the benefit of other wo-
gnen. Here are two such letters:
Mrs. Lizzie Beverly, 258 Merrimao
St., Lowell, Mass., writes:
" It affords me great pleasure to tell
all suffering women of the benefit I have
received from taking Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. I can hard-
ly find words to express my gratitude for
«vhat she has done forme. My trouble
was ulceration of the womb. I was un-
der the doctor's care. Upon examina-
tion he found fifteen very large ulcers,
but he failed to do me good. I took sev-
eral bo ttlesof Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, also used the Sanative
Wash, and am cured. Mrs. Pinkhams
medicine saved my life, and I would
recommend it to all suffering women."
Mrs. Amos Trombleay, Ellenburgh
Ctr., N. V.. writes:
M I took cold at the time my baby
was born, causing me to have milk
legs, and was sick in bed for eight
weeks. Doctors did me no good. I
surely thought I would die. I was al-
bo troubled with falling of the womb.
I could not eat, had faint spells as
often as ten times a day. One day a
lady came to see nre and told me of the
benefit Bhe had derived from taking
Lydia E. Pinkham's medicine, and ad-
rised me to try it. I did so, and had
taken only half a bottle before I was
able to sit in a chair. After taking
three bottles I could do my own work.
| am now in perfect health."
8£ 82 82 82 88 S2 82 82 82 82 82 SJ 88 88 82 82 % \ \ \ % % ♦ i ?i ?* 8* ?i ?8 8» 82 ?3 8S 82 !*
| ARE OFFICIALLY ASSIGNED «
iS ': " - — — ■ ■ . ' ; "v ; v; ■ ■'• :; .-■«.•. iS
85 Officers, Correspondents, Clerks and Enlisted Men to SS
c, Go on the Newport and Indiana. -!:■
82 The commanding general, having decided to take passage on th© steamer S3
?2 Newport, the following named officers, clerks, messengers and orderlies at S3
ft these headquarters will embark on that ship, to sail Wednesday, the 29th: 88
ti Major Strother, Major Hale, Captain Mott— Aids. 88
82 , General Babcock, Major Sturgis, 88
82 Colonel Whittier, Colonel Crowder,' 82
82 Colonel Pope, Colonel Lippincott, 82
J2 Colonel Brainard, Major Woodruff, 82
82 Major Wadsworth, Captain Cabell, 82
88 Major McClure, Major Whipple, XSS
% Major Kilbourne, Colonel Potter, 82
S3 Major Bement. Major Thompson, 82
*2 Major Simpson, Murat Halstead. 82
82 Mr. Peters, correspondent, J 82
82 CLERKS. 82
82 Mr. Aydelott, Mr. Lohse, 88
% Mr. Bowley, Mr. McClure. ?§
?3 Mr. Brooks, Mr. G. G. McClure, 88
8o Mr. Hones, Mr. Riordan, 82
88 Mr. Howell, Mr. G. N. Smith, 88
ti Mr. Kilbourne. Mr. Snyder. 88
88 ENLISTED MEN ATTACHED TO HEADQUARTERS. 82
82 Sergeant Frederick Miller, ordnance detachment, 82
88 Steward E. J. Wagnitz, United Stales army, hospital corps, 82
ti Sergeant Frank B. Mcßeynolds, Seventh California, J2
82 Sergeant Robert B. Parsons, First California Heavy Artillery, Jj
S2 Corporal Victor B. Munnecke, First Nebraska, 88
82 Corporal T. J. Flint, Twenty-third United States Infantry, 82
% Private Matthew A. Bassity, hospital corps, S2
?2 Private Eric G. A. Julihn, hospital corps, Jg
?2 Private Charles Graham, Fourth United States Cavalry. 82
88 Private George H. Jessen, hospital uorps, v 82
82 Private Andrew H. Keleher, Eighteenth United States Infantry. * 82
to Private Tom S. MacKelvey, Tenth Pennsylvania, 82
82 Private Ernest F.. Wheelock. Thirteenth Minnesota. **
ti Private C. C. Stockly, Twenty-third United States Infantry, ti
82 First Class Sergeant William H. Andys, signal corps, $
88 First Class Sergeant H. W. Chadwick, signal corps, ; f$
Si First Class Private John H. Watkins, signal corps. JJ
ti Private F. J. Zeigler, Twenty-third United States Infantry, ti
ti Private J. D. Carter, Twenty-third United States Infantry, £2
82 Charles 8011, civilian messenger. »j
to The foregoing named enlisted men, attached to these- headquarters, are 88
82 attached to Battery H, Third United States Artillery, for rations from the 82
8* date of their departure from this city. «^
ti The board of officers established by paragraph 1, special orders No. 14, 82
% c. s., these headquarters will assign the above named officers, clerks and en- 82
% listed men from these headquarters to suitable accommodations. In accord- 82
8$ ance with rank or personal preference. j*j
°, The following named officers, clerks, messengers and orderlies, from 82
•* these headquarters, will embark on the steamer Indiana, to sail Monday, the 82
•. 27th: , fg
82 Major Herbert H. Lord, additional paymaster, 53
?» Major Henry C. Fitzgerald, additional paymaster, $°
ti Major William B. Rochester Jr., additional paymaster, £2
82 Major Timothy D. Keleher, additional paymaster, *2
It Major William B. Gambrill, additional paymaster, gj
82 Major John M. Sears, additional paymaster, fj
88 Major R. H. Fitzhugh, commissary of subsistence, »8
ft Captain W. A. Harper, assistant quartermaster, &
88 John Fay, correspondent. •:>
8 CLERKS. 'g
li Mr. M. S. Armstrong, Mr. E. C. McCullough. Jg
82 Mr. Robert C. Baldwin, Mr. Walter A. Mllstead, ti
82 Mr. Paul Barry (messenger), Mr. B. D. Moor, *'
82 Mr. W. Burnham, Mr. Abe Reuven. *j
82 Mr. Henry W. Elser, Mr. Benjamin J. Such. J2
82 Mr. George deK. Foute, Mr. Eugene L. Violland, *2
82 Mr. J. W. Ironside, Mr. John J. Weller, to
£2 Mr. James M. Kinney, Mr. Charles S. West, •?
82 Mr. W. W. Leathe, Mr. Horace M. Wilson. •*
*i Mr. E. W. Little, «
«• : r .^i t'V.v ■--■■■ '■"■■■■ '-■•' -• ' S2
: . •• 12 \1i•.•.•.•.•.\•.•. li 82 S3 S3 8 12 •. 82 \55\%88%%82 %8253 S3 .. ';
:•- •:>;.•■, • O . ceo.
Calvary Presbyterian Church gave the
soldiers at Camp Merritt a very enjoyable
time. Several hundred men were enter
tained in the large rooms of the Christian
Endeavor headquarters. An excellent pro
gramme was rendered, closing with a
talk by Dr. Hemphill, pastor of Calvary
Church, after which refreshments were
served.
The Manila Signal Corps, in command of
Major R. E. Thompson, received a valu
able re-enforcement Thursday morning.
Lieutenant Rudd arrived from St. Paul
and Minneapolis with twenty first-class
telegraph operators for the corps, and to
day they will be properly equipped to sail
with the expedition next week. These
operators are known to many members
of the Minnesota regiment at Camp Mer
ritt. from whom, and especially from the
officers, they received a hearty wel
come.
The Washington volunteers who enlist
ed in the hope of being sert to the Phil
iplnes think they have been unjustly dis
| criminated against, but for what reaaon
I they are at a loss to know. Senator Wil
son of Washington has taken up their
; cause and has presented an emphatic pro-
I test to Secretary of War Alger.
Governor Budd has granted permis
sion to Colonel Charles L. Pierce, di
vision commander of the Sons of V-?t
; erans, to parade the members of the or
ganisation under arms. The Sons of Vet
1 erans In California propose to form a
: regiment for active service at the front.
With the departure of the third Manila
expedition next week there will have
been sent from San Francisco nearly 12,
000 troops, leaving about 8000 to be trans
ported to the Philippines. Twenty thou
sand troops constitute the command of
| General Merritt. Whether he will need
any more remains to be seeen. In the
movement of troops the Pacific Coast,
with its limited transportation facilities,
has done nearly as well as the Atlantic,
where there are more than fifty times as
i many vessels to draw from. So far there
I have been chartered in San Francisco flf-
I teen vessels, of which thirteen are now
in use as transports for the carrying of
j the 12.000 troops mentioned above. There
have been moved from the Atlantic coast
16.000 troops to Santiago.
An army retiring board, consisting of
Brigadier General Miller. Colonel Bab
bitt, Colonel ("ox and Lieutenant Barol,
adjutant of the Third United States Ar
tillery, began its sessions yesterday
morning at military headquarters to con
! sider the case of Lieutenant Colonel Mor
ris, commandant of the Presidio.
Lieutenant C. P. Elliott of the Fourth
j Cavalry has been ordered to discontinue
, his recruiting service at Los Angeles and
i report for duty at the Presidio.
ADJOINING STATES^
HELP THE RED CROSS.
NEVADA, UTAH AND IOWA SEND
CONTRIBUTIONS.
Letters of Appreciation Pouring
I In From Every Quarter — Notes
of the Workers.
****************#*#
* *
£ As the troops will go *
* aboard the transports on *
! * Monday it .is suggested by *
! * the Bed Cross Society that all *
* those who can furnish food *.
* for a naal repast should send *
* their donations to Mrs. I. W. *
* Lowenberg, chairman of the *
" hospitality committee, at the
jj. ferry before 8 o'clock on the
jj. morning of departure. *
! * -:-~'r :''•■■ *
* * * * #>*;*;* ********* *,*
The good work of the society still goes
■ on, and hundreus of letters of apprecia
! tion are received dally from all parts of
i the country, showing that the labor of
1 humanity in progress in this city is heard
of on every Auxiliary branches are
! being formed in States adjoining Califor
! nia, and already bountiful supplies ars
pouring in. There was received at the
i State Department yesterday a large case
i and the following letter which explained
■ its contents: •
WADSWORTH, Nev., June 23. 1898.
Ladles of the Red Cross. 16 Post street, San
Francisco, Cal.— We the ladies of Wadsworth
Red Cross Society send you this day a box,
the contents of which is mostly destined for
hospital use.
Its contents are as follows: 62 flannel ban
dages, 1 pound camphor. 46 eiderdown caps,
56 emergency bandars. 158 hospital bandages,
35 sheets. 27 pillow cases. 29 arm slings, 6 pack
ages absorbent cotton, 11 pillows, 1 pair scis
sors, 26 papers of safety pins, 2 dozen papers
court plaster.
This box we send you with the well wishes
of our society. If there is anything else you
think we can do for you please notify us. Please
notify us of the safe arrival of the box. Re
spectfully yours,
MRS. HERBERT D. ESDEN,
Secretary Red Cross No. 2.
Mrs. Harrington sent a large wagron-load of
fresb vegetables to the North Dakota troops,
and as these were the first the soldiers had
been supplied with since their arrival here,
they were greatly enjoyed as well as appre
° Mrs. E. W. McKlnstry nf the State depart
ment l* In receipt of the following donations:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1898.
E. E. Lawrence of Campbell station. 3 pack
ages of books: Redwood City, one box books-
Soldiers' Aid Society, Mayfleld. 2 boxes books;
Oakland Red Cross Society, one box eggs for
the division hospital at Camp Merrltt; Men
docino, one case books; Aetna Springs, 101
bandages; Santa Barbara, 108 bandages; Plac
erville, 79 bandages, 46 comfort bags and 14
caps; Meridian, one bandage: San Francisco
Tract Society. 6 cases printed matter; the
Gold Leaf Charity Club (colored). Oakland,
one case of hospital stores for Manila; Forbes
town, 106 cap 3 and 157 pillow ticks.
Sirs. E. R. Dimond. the assistant State
treasurer of the California Red Cross Society,
reported the following donations received at
headquarters : Hopland Red Cross Society in
itiation fee. $10; Birds Landing, donation, $20;
Aallejo Red Cros3 Society, badges. J25; Rhon
erville Red Cross Society, initiation fee and
subscriptions, $141 52; Sacramento Red Cross
Society, badges and donations, J425; Palo Alto
Red Cross Society, initiation fee, J10; Red
lands Red Cross Society, initiation fee and
donations, 135; St. Helena Red Cross Society
initiation fee and badces. $35; Willow Glen
Red Cross Society, initiation fee and badges,
US; Suisun Red Cress Society, initiation fee
and badges. $15; Marysville Red Cross Society,
initiation fee, $10; Mill Valley Red Cross So
ciety, initiation fee and badges, $17; VisaUa
Red Cross Society, badges. $6 25; Vacaville Red
Cross Society. Initiation fee, $10; Redwood City
Red Crors Society, badges, $31 25; Palo Alto
Red Cross Society, badges, $3; Potter. Valley,
$24 60; Redlands Red Cross Society, badges, $25;
Eureka Red Cross Society, $34 70; Colusa Red
Cross Society, initiation fee, $10.
Romance is attached to the formation of
"Ensign Stanley Chapter" of Potter Valley
which forwarded $24 60 yesterday. Ensign
Stanley Is the only young man of the town
who enlisted in the service of his country to
fight against Spain. In honor of his patriotism
and as evidence of the high appreciation for
him the young ladles of Potter Valley, who
organized the chapter, named it after him.
Governor L. M. Shaw of lowa telegraphed
to Mrs. Harrington yesterday that his State
would reimburse on vouchers for medicine and
care furnished with approval of the regimental
surgeon. Other needs should be made known
through Colonel Loper.
San Mateo has done her share toward help
ing the society. It has sent through Mrs.
Nichols, the wife of the Episcopal Bishop, 500
abdominal bandages, 150 comfort bags and 20
field pillows.
The Los Angeles School of Oratory sent $55
to Mrs. Harrington, to be handed to Major Sur
geon Choate, for the us>e of the Seventh Regi
ment. Anaheim also sent a contribution to be
used for the same purpose.
JpMica and Alma Eastlake, aged 8 and 9,
respectively, were given a package of muslin
by their mother to make doll clothes, but be
ing members of the Red Cross they took It to
16 Post street yesterday to be used in aid of
the boys In blue.
Twenty blind girls, Inmates of the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind Institute at Berkeley, sent as
their donation to the Red Cross Society twenty
pairs of shoe laces, beautifully made. A few
carpet bags were also Inclosed In the package.
The following resolutions were adopted at the
executive session of the local branch yester
day: Resolved, That the thanks of the San
Francisco Red Cross Society be hereby ex
trridpri to the Mechanics' Institute for its lib
eral donation of $715 contributed to the funds
of this society and for the many courtesies
received from the trustees of the Institute.
Resolved, That the members of the Red Cross
Society of Pan Francisco do hereby extend to
the officers and privates of the Thirteenth
Minnesota Volunteers thanks for their services
so kindly volunteered In the entertainment at
the Mechanics' Pavilion on Friday, June 17,
and which resulted In the addition of $75 to its
funds.
The baseball game to be played to-day by
the wholesale milliners and fire insurance
companies for the benefit of the Red Cross
Society at Sixteenth and Folsom streets will
be composed of the following teams:
Insurance team — Messrs. Hammond, Krug,
Cosgrove, Butler, Collins, Weber, Peterson,
Templeton. Cushing and Gorman.
Milliners' team— Messrs. Hyland, Donovan,
Jacobs, Solomon, Janssen, Ramm, Brodle, Mc-
Carthy, W. Drake and J. Drake.
Following are some of the subscriptions re
ceived yesterday: Employes Will & Flnck,
$22 50; guests McKlnney's. Lake Tahoe, $19;
employes Vulcan Iron Works, $25; employes
Bak^r & Hamilton. $8; Silver Star Parlor. N. S.
G. W., No. 63, Lincoln, Cal., $10; Molly Tag,
Nevada City, 60c; Mrs. John Morton, proceeds
of fair at North Fork. Cal., $11 20; donation
advertising bill San Francisco Call, $31 60.
There Is plenty of material on hand at 18
Post street to be converted Into garments for
the soldier, and at the present time there Is
noted a great scarcity of workers. Mrs. Theo
dore Smith announces that preparations for the
fourth expedition are now under way, and there
is much In the way of sewing to be accomplish
ed. Those whose househlld duties will permit
them are requested to lend their aid In dis
posing of the work.
The ladies in charge at 16 Post street were
delighted to receive such a large donation from
the Mothers' Club of South Park, and wish to
assure them that everything wu needed.
Donations were received yesterday from-
Laura Goodman, friends, Miss Weber Miss
Plckett. F. B. Halght, N. Clark 4 Co., Mrs
E. Donohoe, Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Searles Mrs
R. S. Shindler, Miss Weber, Mrs. S. Kalisky
Mrs. W. C. Pease. L. A. Plymouth Congrega
tional Church, Miss Russell, Joseph Frech
nlrks & Co., Mr. Morgan, 1000 pounds fish
California Club, large donation bandages and
comforts, Del Monte Flouring Company, Miss
Sawyer. First Presbyterian Church. Mrs. H.
M. Flske, Mrs. A. S. Baldwin, Church of the
Advent.
A trrand entertainment and ball will be given
for the benefit of the Red Cross by Ruth Lodge
No. 1, Daughters of Judah, I. O. B. B at
Una! B'rJth Hall. 121 Eddy street. Wednesday.
June 22, at S o'clock.
Fish and Game "Warden Mogan made another
raid yesterd - upon fishermen who have been
catching striped sea bass smaller in size than
permitted by law. About 1000 pounds of fish
were seized at Pinole, and the whole amount
turned over to the Red Cross Society for the
benefit of the soldiers.
Whipped With a Bawhide.
Harry L. Spencer, the messenger boy
who was whipped with a rawhide by Mrs.
Lulu Cohen at her residence, 116 Sixth
street, because he demanded payment of
money due him, swore to a warrant In
Judge Low's court yesterday for her ar
rest on a charge of battery.
LEES FOOLS
WITH THE
ARMY AGAIN
Disastrous Encounter
With Col. Smith.
GETS THE USUAL REBUKE
THE CHIEF'S UNDOING CON
NIVED AT BY WITTMAN.
An Unwarranted Slur on the South
ern Troops Which Is Promptly-
Refuted by Undeniable
Authority.
Chief Lees has "monkeyed with the
buzzsaw" again, and, of course, has
contributed some more of his anatomy
to the waste pile.
Years ago, before the brain of the
Chief showed signs of senility, he did
not need to have a lesson repeated to
him; once was sufficient. But with the
constant ravages of time on his mental
faculties the venerable thief-taker can
not remember to-day the disciplining
of yesterday, which is most disastrous,
for each day brings discomfiture to the
old man.
Just at present the army Is the buzz
saw from which Chief Lees persists in
trying to pull the teeth. Already he
has forgotten his unhappy half hour
with General Otis, and yesterday he
went against Colonel Smith of the First
Tennessee. Possibly a misty remem
brance of the Otis interview flitted
through his remnant of mind, for in
stead of bearding the lion in his den
Lees detailed Sergeant Perrin to re
ceive the brunt of the affray.
Perhaps the Chief is not altogether
at fault for the latest rebuke he has
brought upon himself; it would appear
that Captain Wittman— he of the frosty
feet and clamy hands — led him to ex
pose his person to the military boot. If
so it was a mean advantage to take of
the helpless old man, and Is not cal
culated to advance his chances of suc
ceeding to the throne of the "upper of
fice."
However, by to-morrow Lees will
have forgotten all about his affair with
the Southern officer, and will lapse into
his old day dream of bygone days, with
their gorgeous processions, headed by
Lees, bedecked with gold lace till
Butcher "Weyler would machete him
self through sheer envy.
The cause of the Chief's trouble was
a letter signed by one George R. Lewis,
who complained to Wlttman that he
had been ill treated by one or two sol
diers, "who by looks were the Tennes
see soldiers." Wlttman turned the
communication over to Lees, with an
addendum, and the Chief sent it to
Colonel Smith by Sergeant Perrin.
Instead of an abject apology and ax.
assurance that a dozen or two of tht
command would be shot at sunrise as
an example, the Chief received In re
ply the following, which needs no com
ment:
Headquarters First Infantry, Tennessee
Volunteers.
CAMP MERRITT, San Francisco, June
23, IWB.— To the Chief of Police, San
Francisco— Sir: I have the honor to uc- :
knowledge the receipt by the hand of Ser
geant Perrin of your force of a communi
cation addressed to you by one George R.
Lewis, making complaint of having re
ceived bad treatment at the hands of one,
or two soldiers "in blue uniforms who by
looks was the Tennessee soldiers."
In reply I beg to say that there are
hundreds of soldiers other than Tennes
seeans in San Francisco at the present
time who wear the blue, and while I do
not claim for the members of the Ten
nessee regiment absolute freedom from
fault, I am unwilling that every case of
disorder or disagreement with the col
ored element of your city shall be
charged to Tennesseeans.
The members of this command are
amenable to the laws of this State and
city like any other citizen, and when they
become violators of the State and city
laws I hope you will arrest them, that
they may be brought to punishment.
In this connection I beg to say that my
attention has been directed to an Inci
dent that occurred some two or three
days ago, In which two soldiers of this
command were grossly insulted and
characterized as Southern — — — , and
when these two soldiers remonstrated
about the use of such language they
were set upon and assaulted by
quite a number of negro toughs urmeJ
with razors. I had this matter investi
gated, and found that the negroes were
the aggressors and had provoked the dif
ficulty.
I beg to assure you that no effort will
be spared by the officers of this com
mand to prevent these unpleasant oc
currences, but I hope that all the diffi
culties between the white troops who
wear the blue and the negroes of your
city will not be charged to my regiment,
simply because they are Tennesseeans. In
the city from which this regiment comes
there are many negroes, between whom
and the soldiers of Tennessee the most
kindly feeling exists, and the members
of this command will continue to be law
abiding citizens and do their duty as
soldiers and gentlemen, as they have al
ways done in Tennessee— not because it
may be especially popular here, as sug
gested in the note of Mr. George
W. Wittman, Captain of Polico,
in transmitting the letter of complaint,
but because it is right that they should
conduct themselves as respectable gen
tlemen and as the representatives of a
loyal and honored State in the brother
hood of States. Respectfully,
WILLIAM C. SMITH,
Colonel First Infantry, Tennessee Volun
teers.
AIDS CHOSEN FOR
THE BIG PARADE
ELABORATE CELEBRATION OF
OUR NATAL DAY.
Every Prospect Now That the Fes
tivities Will Surpass Anything
Seen Here in Years.
The arrangements for the Fourth of
July celebration are rapidly being per
fected. The procession promises to be one
of the most elaborate that has been seen
here in San Francisco for many years.
The following aids have been selected:
Alfred A. Borlini, grrand marshal; Colonel
J C O'Connor, chief of staff; Colonel R_ L.
Dunn, Captain F. E. Webb, William R. Bor
lini, chief aids.
Aids— Dr. C. C. Price, W. P. Horn, Alfred
Gehret, Frank Thompson, William A. Mar
shall, O. A. Roleau, R. F. Maltland, Frederick
Gantner, Daniel O'Callaghan. C. K. Meggltt,
Captain Julian Waller, T. M. Stateler. C. R.
Smith, James M. Hamilton. Colonel P. L.
Bush. T. J. McCarthy, Paul Sposlto, C. H.
Campbell, James Deneley, Murry Vandall,
Herbert Walter. Judge J. E. Barry, J. T. Eek
man. William Geiman, Edward Wolf, J. D.
Wilson, Fred Kennlson, O. F. yon Rhein. Will
iam Lehrke. William A. Lampe, F. Denirke,
John Cribbins, George J- Remmlngton, Fred
West, George W. Con'way. Arthur Farraday
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
-tot hi- -_/9
: ■■.. --. ■■■.".•• : :■.;'•-■■ -r -•" -••■■•..-!""•..■.■-. . .■:.•■".",- :/■'
Price, Lester Cotton, Clarence Messersmith.
Louts Cantor, Otto Hehneman, William
Howitt, John Holland, W. E. Boody, Harry
Adams, E. M. Sweeney, Horace Sartorl. Joseph |
Fetz Jr., Richard "Walsh, Dr. G. E. Cagllerl. :
Charles S. Grant, Louis Seracano, Dr. J. F.
Kingnell, A. H. Quatman, Fred A. Marriott \
Jr., Charles M. Fickert, Hugh "Webster, C. A. !
Moraghan, James C. Dunn, John T. Cashln, !
Professor George S. Michlingr, Amadeo Gian- !
nlni. Judge G. C. Groezinger. Judge F. H.
Kerrigan, James Ganghn. J. P. Brownlee, '
George W. Dyche, I. Goldman. Dr. J. A.
Brown, Thomas Harney, Phil Hammersmith, !
Adam Gllliland, Loul6 Fortune, Henry Graess-
Wng. J. H. Black. J. C. Symon. William Pat
terson. Daniel Belden, Harry Herbert. Clin
ton Harder, James J. Dennis, Henry Olandt,
Carl Newhall, Robert Williams, Harry Flint,
Al Bo\ven, Ben Fuller, Herman Corlips, Harry
Huffman, Frank yon Rhein. Jlilton Wasser
man, Amanda Decorteux, Franklin Brooks,
Archie Stevinson, S. Bernstein, Frank A.
Buss, Henry H. Davis, G. Slaven, Charles G.
Nagle, Arthur J. Lemmen, Herbert Street,
Daniel Whelan, Joseph Hampton. W. A. Kemp,
William Gill, William Sullivan, Mark Jacob
son, Arthur Greenberg, George B. Root, G. !
W. Spiller, P. H. Code Jr., F. Joseph Locher, |
W. G. Luckhardt. Milton Davis. G. Huckfeldt,
Charles F. Grondona, Carl A. Henry, Gus
Kohler, Robert Peel, David Thomas, Robert
Marcus, George P. Wetmore, E. E. Blake,
Phil M. Wand.
OREGON'S OFFICIAL ROSTER.
A Patriotic Lady Provides a Pretty
and Valuable Souvenir.
A patriotic Oregon lady, Amelle do F.
Smith, haa published a very pretty pam
phlet, containing the official roster of the
Oregon volunteers. The work is dedicated
to the Second Regiment Oregon Volunteer
Infantry of the Volunteer Army of the j
United States. It is embellished with the
portraits of the Governor and his staff, !
Brigadier General Beebe and his staff,
Colonel Summers of the Second Oregon '
Volunteers and staff,, and many handsome
pictures showing the officers and enlisted ;
men engaged in active camp duty. A
feature of the work consists of fac-simlle
autographs of ell officers and men whose
names are Included in the roster. The au
thor and compiler has expended much
tabor and care in preparing the roster,
and the result is a very pleasing and valu
able souvenir.
DOING GARRISON DUTY.
The First Battalion of Wash-
ington Volunteers Quartered
at the Presidio Barracks.
The First Battalion of the Washington !
volunteers, consisting of four companies
two from Seattle, one from Spokane and
one from Yakima— has moved from its
quarters in the Fontana warehouse to the
Presidio, where it now occupies the two
center double brick barracks vacated by
Troops C, H, I and X of the Fourth
Cavalry, who have gone Into camp on
the lower parade grounds. This battalion
of Washington volunteers, in command of
Major J. J. Weisenberger, will begin full .
garrison work to-day.
A Successful Opening.
During the whole of last evening
throngs of friends and sightseers gen
erally inspected the new clothing store
at the corner of Market street and
Grant avenue. Mr. Gildea, the proprie
tor, at whose invitation the public was !
present, threw open his doors that all
might eea how complete an j
ment he has and how fully equipped he !
is to furnish the latest garments in
men's, boys' and children's clothing.
Thia morning \t 8 o'clock this new en
terprise starts upon an active business
career. Mr. Gildea has for years been '
identified with the clothing trade of this !
city and a w .c acquaintance with i
purchasers gives a positive assurance i
of success.
A Special Picnic To-morrow.
Great expectations are being aroused in
the family excursion and picnic to take
place to-morrow at Schuetzen Park un
der the auspices of the San Francisco
Hebrew Social Club. An invitation has
been extended to the Inmates of the !
Hebrew Orphan Asylum to attend, and !
the little ones are guaranteed a specially ;
pleasant day. There will be amusements
for young and old, and a large attendance
is expected.
Grand Birdseye View.
Camp Merrltt, on plate paper, 25x9 '
inches. Worth framing. With S. F. News
Letter to-day. •
Fire in a Stable.
An alarm was turned in from box 532 at i
4;30 yesterday afternoon for a fire in a ;
one-story frame building at 12H2 F]fth '
avenue used as a barn by S. Galatara.
The loss, which is estimated at $100, is
covered by insurance. The cause of the
fire is unknown.
The Manners of Captain March
Of the Astor Battery
Described by Alice Rix
In Next Sunday's Call.
Patriotic Home Helpers.
The demands for assistance from the
Society of Patriotic Home Helpers have
been a severe tax on their resources dur
ing the past few days. However, sub
scriptions are coming in, but more is
needed. Yesterday Eustojio Calderon
contributed $10.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
Killed by a Fall.
Richard Geraghty of 142 Townsend
street died yesterday morning from the
effects of a fall out of a hammock on the
day before. The body was taken to
the Morgue, where it was found that the
cause of death was traumatic paralysis,
following the fall.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
■ ■ ' ' ' :' ■
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOX —
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." MrUuhMedicaUourna,',
CAUTION: Bee thai the label bears the signa-
ture of the firm.
Andreas SaxTehnei*.
AMUSEMENTS.
DASHES—QUICK ACTION—NO DELAYS
RACES I jls^ RACES!
TROTTING , HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND. <
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
. (No Races Monday, June 27.)
BEST HORSES ON THE COAST ARE EN-
- . TERED.
■■-■■'. BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
■ •'.Admission. 60c.
■ Races Commence at 1:30 O'clock.
: : Trains connecting with ■ the - 12, . '12:30 and 1
o'clock boats stop at the track. \ .
MIRABEL PARK3USSI AN RIVER
' ■ .■ - . . SATURDAY. June ■ 25. 1898. ,>:■-
NATIONAL i ASSOCIATION OF MASTER
. - . PLUMBERS OF THE UNITED
. ' ■ STATES.'g^SBgIHWiaSigiSB
SECOND ANNUAL . FAMILY EXCURSION—
GATE PRIZES. .' -
. . ■ Tickets,; $1. Children, • We. ; .
■ Tlburon Ferry-boat ,' at ;9' a. m. ; :
t~\l VMDT A I '"Com'tr of Mtson and
| ULYIYLPIA | . Str ,, u ,::
A NEW SUPERB BILL OF NOVELTIES.
DE BOE, the "Upßlde-Down Man" ; LA ROY
BISTERS, MAUDE ROCKWELL. ENYVELL,
LA ' MONT, WILLIAMS; GAMBOL ■ and " BIO-
GRAPH, With War Scene*. • Admission Free. ,
. Matinee Sunday. - * , - ,
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____'.; ;-- '-
I I 1 — ft Iy* W Ladies* parlor.
IXJ %&CIJ O Chair, for baby
Comfort for you.
flit f*#l (7 HIC% 11 Packages checked free.
M* I^H fUiW tlUll*^ Private fitting rooms.
Cool store. „ «
a - Good goods. I
5-8 I • Hale's prices. g
concert 1
2 to 5 p. m. I
(Leo Bruck, Director).
Program :
PART I. PART 11. |
1. March, "The Spirit of Liberty" (new) 7. Trombone solo, "The Holy City" (by 1
' Rosev special request) .AflJtnu B
••• Rosey Soloist. Mr. L. Klotz. I*
2. Gavotte, "Stephanie" Czibulka 8. Medley. "Southern Pastimes" .. .'.Catlln C
3. Overture, "Poet and Peasant".... Suppe (Containing many favorite plantation mcl- 1
4. -Selection, "The Merry War". ...Strauss 9. (a) "Butterfly' s° Enjoyment" Gan«l E
5. Waltz, "The Serenade" Herbert (Duet for flute and clarionet) Eg
6. Two popular son**- ' °2JSJ?™ c ™: ..;^!?H?mJ2S« P
(a) "Cinderella White" .....Maywood 10. Waltz. "Nanon" Gene» ||
cm "T Don't ror« if To* Nebber J<L * d y Graceful Dance" Aronson k
(b) I Dont Care if To Webber March, "American Republic".... H
Comes Back" Boettger "THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER." g
Gloves. Trunks. |
Ladies' 2-clasp overseam, 5\ to 7i, New department new goods — E
in tan, brown, mode, slate, green, Trunks that stand hard wear and E
blue, red, white, pearl or black, plenty of express companies' hand- |
$i.oo. ling, too — 30-inch fancy tin- t
Misses' 2-clasp Walking Glove, 41 covered, 4 hard-wood cleats on top I
to 6£, in tan, brown, new green, and front, sheetir,on bottom, heavy I
English red and bluette, • patent lock, full Saratoga tray, 3 I
* I '°°* common-sense compartments, easy I
Boys' 1-clasp Walking Glove, in to pack, ._-,.«« I
English red and brown, A\ to 6$ / $7>4O> I
strong, very sightly, We have complete camping goods. I
&1.00.
Ladies' 2-clasp Embroidered Back |
Pique Walking Gloves, in red, navy, Patriotic 1
tan, brown, royal, champagne, Qoods I
. . I'll i • n . -71 vIUUUij) I
white and black, sizes 5i to 7i, _ ■. ■ . f [
$liOO , Something new in Imported Crepe 1
All Gloves fitted to the hand and Paper— the American Flag and j
kept in repair free of charge. "Remember the Maine," in 10-foot I
______ 7\ strips, for decorative purposes, |
Millinery. ■ . _ D so ° rlp *
3 dozen Short-back Sailors, in navy, "sported Crepe Paper in 10-foot |
black, brown and green, trimmed str 'P s red - w * lte and blue, i
in chiffon, fancy quills and flowers. _ 300 strip. I
The 3 dozen go for Muslin Flags on sticks, In great |
5:2.00 Each. variety. Clubs, societies and big |
4 dozen Split Straw Vassars (with celebrations supplied. 7 . |
the new and fashionable box crown), §
trimmed with white or black silk ■'•••, 1
bands, s&i.oo. bnamel ■ |
«_, •■■ At ~~^~s - Ware.
Handkerchiefs. We've been selling Enamel Steel- \
67 dozen Embroidered, Scalloped ware at prices which have made house- !
and Hemstitched Border Ladies' wives happy. No room for prices I
7 Handkerchiefs, some with lace edge, here, but to-day (Saturday) it's a j
a few among them with slight im- good move to call and see these j
perfections, worth 25c each in the articles. For instance : 10-quart Pre- \
average, now on sale in fancy de- serving Kettle for 40c» You'll want if
partment, io Cents, one for. use soon.' . ||
••The goods we advertise are the goods we sell." 1
937 = 939 = 94i = 943=945=947 Market Street. I
. . San Francisco's most progress/ire dry-goods house. |
AMUSEMENTS.
rHSCO'SGRANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
LAST WEEK OF
GEORGE P. WEBSTER
In Dion Boucicault's Great Melodrama
"AFTER DARK"
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY-SUPERB CAST.
Evening Prices — i-pu-xk-maix =•■=«. i
Orchestra, Reserved 5eat....... .....50c
Parquet, Reserved Seat. ••■ 25c i
Dress Circle, Reserved Seat :...;...25c
Family Circle and Gallery... • 10c
MATINEES— SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). June 25.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part. ■ - \
MR. TIM MURPHY. Impersonations.
THE FOUR COHANS, "Money to Burn."
THE GREAT JUDGES. Acrobatic Equlll-
FANNY WENTWORTH, Society Entertainer.
Last Week of the Following Artists: CARLIN
& CLARK, A VANS, KATIE ROONEY.. i
WILLS & LORETTO and ALBURTUS &
BARTRUM. ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
RED CROSS" BENEFIT,
Under the Auspices of
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' RED CROSS AID,
N. D. G. W.
TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
DRILL AND REVIEW OF FIFTY-FIRST
lOWA VOLUNTEERS. ,
Major General Merritt will review the troops.
SceneS'from camp life, etc.
ADM15510N.... .............. ..........25c and 60c
. ■' RED CROSS BENEFIT.
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
"OLD FRIENDS'" OUTING
AT TriE CHUTES.
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
the "GREATEST gun ;ON EARTH."
■ A Great Vaudeville Performance in the
; r r .«-..;•-•:■ FREE. theater, •
and : ATTRACTIONS WITHOUT end. ,;
10c, . Including Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c.
GRAND OPENING REGATTA!
. . SINGLE ' SCULLS. ; ■
Eli CAMPO,
5UNDAY... ...'...................;... JUNE 26, 1893
■Races start promptly at 1 p. m. '
; ] Fare, round . trip, . including ■ admission . to the
grounds, ' 25c. •• :■-.• ':'-'. - -
•-- Steamer Uklah leaves : Tiburon ferry, foot of
Market St., S. F., 10:30 a. m., 12:10. 2:00 and
4:00 p. m. Returning leaves El Campo at 11:15
a." m., 1:00, 3:00 ana 5:30 p. '.xa.'~: ■ .- j
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY I To-night and Sunday
FRAW/LEY COMPArVY
Artistic Presentation of the Comedy-Drama
ARISTOCRACY!
By Bronson Howard, Author of "Shenandoah."
"The Henrietta," etc.
An American Play by an American Author.
FRAYNE ° nday ~ G « neral Kln «' 8 "FORT
BALDWIN THEATER.
DO NOT MISS IT.
The Novelty of the Decade.
- . "THE PASSION PLAY." ?- : :~-''l
Two Performances Daily, 3 and 8:30. Admla-
slon, With Seats— Adults. 25c; Children, 150.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Proprietor and Manager.
LAST NIGHTS ,
Of Our Successful Burlesque, :
.A.T_.I BJLB-A.
OR
CASSIM AND THE FORTY THIEVES.
SONG, DANCE .• HUMOR.
NEXT WEEK
The Charming Opera -
"BOCCACCIO!"
Popular prices ........25 and 60 cent*
• - No Telephone. ,■.,-■;;
ALCAZAR. ■■"*"&».
ni-tvn^nix. MAIN 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Seats, 15c, 25c, 35c. .- -
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY).
THE CELEBRATED CASE !
LEWIS mORRISON
And a Great Cast.
Monday Night— LEWlS MORRISON In
'■FREDERICK THE GREAT."
UNION COURSING PARK
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, JUNE 25 and 26.
THIRTY-TWO DOG PUPPY STAKE.
FIFTY-SIX DOG ALL-AGE STAKE. *
GRAND TOTAL PRIZES, $890
CHANGE. OF TIME. ,
Take Southern Pacific trains. Round trip, 25
cents. Leaving Thirl and Townsend . streets:
Saturday, 1 p. m. ; Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m., 1
and 2 p. m. Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets,
five : minutes later. Leaving park Immediately ,
after, last course and on Sunday extra train at
4:45 p. m. • San Mateo electric cars every ten :
minutes. Admission, 25c; Ladies, free. \ ,* ;
SUTRO_BATHS.
. SUNDAY, JUNE 26. at 2:30 P. M. "
FIFTH GRAND SOLDIERS' DAY !
SWIMMING RACES
Between the
VOLUNTEERS FROM NEVADA, GEORGIA.
TENNESSEE, MONTANA AND
WASHINGTON. -
Admission 10 cents. Children 5 cents.
BASEBALL— RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets. .
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL ■ LEAGUB, ';■
Chamnionship Pacific Coast. - > ■-
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SANTA ' CRUZ VS. OAKLAND.
Admission 23c. Ladles tret. •
...,..--■ ■ — — - - ,
;'.'■' _■■''.. . • -■-■ :1W ' - . -» ■ ■ -kafc3BsSwP
78
LATEST NEWS
OF THE
NATIONAL GAME,
BY JOE CORBETT.
The importance of unremitting practice,
while in most cases despised by the em
bryo player, has fortunately been real
ized by the more ambitious managers.
Accounts which are authentic state that
all the country teams may be seen day
after day laboring hard, and no doubt
conscientiously. That the managers of
these teams have seen the urgent neces
sity of practice is most gratifying, and
how encouraging it would be if Messrs.
Coffroth and Bunker should follow in the
footsteps of these gentlemen. In such an
event the games hereafter played at
Recreation Park and elsewhere would
necessarily be striked of their disgusting
yellowness, a tins*e that has been the
most conspicuous element witnessed dur
in~ play since the consolidation. It is
the Blncerest wish of all supporters of the
game that the playing, especially that of
the San Franciscos, be improved. In a
way their wishes havo not been disre
garded, for a decided improvement has
characterized the playing of all the
teams, but perfection in a baseball sense
has not been reaoheu and it is to that
end the ambitions ot managers and play
ers should bo directed. Tins perfection
which is the most essential factor per
taining to the linancial success of the
league, can be attained only through per-
Beverance on the part of the players tn
their preliminary work. However, it Is
not to be expected that a player volun
teers his spare moments to a work which
is monotonous and tiresome if his em
ployer cannot afford to assist him in his
tedious task by being present.
It is really astonishing to note that
Bunker ami Coffroth have not had their
team out for a single day's practice since
the league opened. Still these two have
more to say regarding the poor attend
ance than any other managers in the
league. That the crowds are increasing
certainly Is not to their credit or to the
work or their team, for this aggregation
In its every department has done more to
Injure the success of this new venture
than the entire league, umpires not omit
ted. What they should do now is, lirst.
agree on a plan whereby people will see
tit to place a little confidence in their abil
ity to properly manage a team, and sec
ondly, to follow out this plan in a com
plimentary manner.
As I mentioned, the country teams are
practicing every day. Manager Tuttle
and Swartan of Santa Cruz have issued
orders which necessitated a fine of $.'>
on any player failing to put in an ap
peararice for daily practice. Such meth
ods simply sparkle with success, and why
can't Coffroth and Bunker do likewise?
So long as they disagree with them
selves, of course, It is useless to try to
make a winning team out of the 'Friscos.
But if they would but take cognizance
of the fact that with a little attention,
combined with a slight display of inter
ested spirit, their team could come
near being made the best in the league.
Their praises would be sung the town
over.
Then, again, they would, by their
change of front, instill contidence Into
the hearts of the rooters, who haw
faith in the team on account of its being
improperly managed. On top of this
would follow the desired big crowds at
tending the games, and the continued
success of the new league would be as
sured.
Come on, ye Napoleon of typewriters
and sausage manipulators— cast ..
those telephone and date books and pay
some little attention to the soubrettes of
your sphere. They feel and show the
loss of a guiding hand, and their pitiful
wail, "If we only h;ui a manager," has
become unbearable.
Then, I heard last night that if you did
not wake up, the team complete would
be taken away from you and turned over
to more competent hands. This, of
course, is confidential, and I should con
ski, r it an unparalleled instance of Span
iardism should you, even during your nu
merous nightmares, make known to Mr.
"Disproportioned" Raver the source of
your information. 1 am not Jesting, and
advance you the advice gratis, hop
ing, for the sake of baseball, that the
hint may be taken. I also was apprised
of the fact that Bunker bought himself
a drink yesterday. This shows a disposi
tion to loosen up, and I trust it will not
discontinue.
Carl Blitzenschutz, 163 Santa Clara
street: "I have heard bo many coniiicr
lng stories regarding the play you inquire
about that I experience great difficulty
in forming an opinion. From your de
ecription, however, 1 would vouch for the
statement that the runner was safe at
first, and the man on third was entitled
to score. The play in question I have
never seen, yet think you will find my
ruling correct."
The Fresno team is now controlled by
one manager. There have been too many
bosses to produce effective results. The
same holds good of the Friscos.
S. N. & Co., Third and Brannan streets—
The distance from tirst base to second is
ninety feet. The distance from the
home plate to second Is 120 feet, twice tho
distance from the pitcher's box to either
the home plate or second.
Youngus Johnson, who was released by
the Rochester ciub for lack of condition.
Is having great trouble in his endeavors
to secure a position on some of the other
league teams. Poor Youngua will come
to when it is too late.
Held; whose batting drove In many a
run for the Fresnos, seems to be losing
control of that optic.
A lesson in team work is being given the
Fresnos. Individually the nine is food,
but timely battery and team work have
yet to be understood.
In giving the' standing of the clubs a.
week ago a very serious and unfomir.ate
mistake, whereby the Sand < ■
.•n><i to no little extent, was made, and
which I take great pleasure in correcting.
Instead of being in last place they .
fixth in the race, with a percentage of 400,
having lost six and won four games.
WORDS OP ADVICE
TO LOCAL ANGLERS
The following words of good advice to
anglers aro from the pen of A. V. La
Motte, who Is superintending the fish
hatchery at TJklah. True sportsmen will
appreciate the article in question, which
reads:
To the ' Sporting: Editor of Th« Call— Dear \
Sir: It .Ja a general complaint among tin
fishermen of the State that the trout In the
streams pet smaller with each succeeding year.
Now, this Is not altogether correct. The de
mand made on -our streams increases year 'by
year as the 'number of fishermen Increase, and
It is not every- one /who goes fishing who ' Is • a
true disciple of Isaac Walton, or lives up to
the ethics of true sportsmanship. A "fisher
man" will 'not stand- on a riffle and' whip out
flngerllngs, but will go on from pool to pool
and rapid to rapid until he tlnds fish large"
enough to afford sport, | and spare the Imma
ture troutleta until they' grow large enough to
catch. It is a poor excuse to say: "Well, I
cannot find. large fish, so I take small ones."
Why does -he not -follow up such . reasoning
until he says: "I cannot find fish, so 1 ■ take
the eggs.". If . they ■do not give -. the . trout a ;
chance to grow, how will they ever get large? i
Such people should be called "scavengers" 'of
the streams, not fishermen. .—. — ; , -
The only way to improve the present-condi
tions apparent to the writer seems to lie In the
judicious stocking of the streams with early
spawning fish. It is a known fact that fish ;
spawn earlier in some parts of the State than' i
in others.. For example, the steelhead com
mences spawning In Eel Klver, Mendoclno
County, frequently in December and January, i
Now, these eggs, if hatched In February ; and
March, will attain twelve months' growth be
fore the open season for fishing commences,
hence will by that time have attained a growth
of eight or nine inches, amply large to afford :
sport in catching. Whereas, the eggs taken
from late spawning localities have a shorter !
length of time fnr development and are not ;
large enough to catch by April 1 following. it
la for this reason that the management of the ,
Ban Francisco and North Pacific Railway Com- i
pany constructed, during the last season, a
spawning ; station on one of the tributaries of
Eel River for the purpose of furnishing their
Ukiah hatchery with early fry. The experi
ment has proved a success, as the fry now in
the hatchery are amply large enough for dis
tribution in the streams, and '■ will furnish fine
sport by next April. Respectfully,
A. ■ V.. LA MOTTB.
Mr.. McDonald of Boca writes The Call
that trout fishing on the beautiful Truc
kee could not bo better than it Is at- the
present time, and that largo baskets of
fish are brought Into town daily by the
tourists who are enjoying happy days In
the Sierra Nevadas. The Tuekeo is very
low this year, and the outlook for first
class ; sport from now until late in the j
season was never better. .;■;•;
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
maxar tub and swimming baths, Norta Beach.
ANNUAL MEET ON
JULY 4
AT SACRAMENTO
Entries for the big State meet at Sacra
mento on July 2-4 closo Monday next with
the Capital City Wheelmen at Sacramen
to. Interest in cycle racing has been re
vived by the near approach of the meet,
and there will likely be a large attend
ance from this and surrounding cities.
It seems probable now that Frank G.
Peck will not ride the proposed match
with J. E. Wing at the Sacramento meet.
Peck thinks he can do better in the open
events, and as the purse for the match
is only $35 and Wing has an organized
corps of pacemakers, while Peck has
none, the latter does not like the game.
He str tes, however, that he is willing to
race Yv'ing unpaced. or single or tandem
paced, but declines to meet him on unlim
ited pacing grounds for the reason that
he (Peck) cannot get a team of pacemak
ers trained and ready in the short time
intervening before the meet.
The semi-annual election of officers of
the Pacific Cycling Club was held last
Mondjiy evening with the following re
sult: President, Jerome L. Regner; vice
president, Henry Plagemann; secretary
treasurer, Alfred Bach; captain, Ernest
E. Erbe; lieutenant, L. Rankin. The club
will have a run to Bear Valley to-mor
row.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a
run to Stockton to-night on the 6 o'clock
river boat, returning Monday morning.
The club's baseball team will go up to
cross bats to-morrow with the Stocktons.
Captain Harry Larkin is ill at his room
in the clubhouse with measles.
The membership of the C. A. C. C. has
now passed the 1100 mark and the officers
are jubilant. For a long time the roll
hovered around 1000, but since the new
roadbooks have been issued it has gone
up with a jump. Data regarding mem
bership may be had from the cycling ed
itor of The Call. The roadbook is free to
members.
Commodore Thomas L. Hill of the San
: Francisco Yacht t'lub. accompanied by
his wife, intends to make a wheeling trip
through the Yellowstone National Park
some time in August.
Jules F. Hancock of the Bay City
Wheelmen and treasurer of the C. A. C.
[ C. will leave in a few days for a two
weeks' wheeling trip over the Sierras in
the direction of Tahoe, an old stamplng
'; ground of the Hancock boys.
R. C Lennie is expected back from his
; northern trip the lirst of next week.
j Joseph A. Ostendorf leaves for the south
! in a day or two.
Leavitt & Bill have- changed their
THE START OF A RACE BETWEEN SINGLE SCULLERS AT EL CAMPO REGATTA,
quarters, having recently removed to the
former Victor store at 200 Market street,
which Is a few doors above their old
place. Th€' Victor people have met with
and are now practically out of
the coast trade.
The many friends of Robert Asheton
Smyth, official handicapped, of the C. A.
C. C, will not be surprised to lea.ru that
he has left the Examiner and is now on
The Call. The only wonder was that a
man of Smyth's finer sensibilities could
Btand the contaminating; influences of
yellow t"\irnali«m bo long.
r.-il.tnin Coulter has called a run of the
■ rnia Cycling Club for to-morrow to
Walnut Creek, taking the S a. m. broad
jrauge boat. Members intending to make
the trip will please notify the <;:i>tain.
There wil be a members' meeting of the
Californias next Monday evening.
Charley Wells and Harry Terrill of the
City Wheelmen won a mile tandem
race at Berkeley Oval, New York City, on
the li'th tost., in 1:.",,".. from ICO yards han
dicap, against a strong field. The same
day TerriU also won third place in the
mile professional handicap for singles
from the DO-yard mark. SpALmNQ
TRAP SHOOTING AT
DIFFERENT POINTS
The Olympic Gun Club will meet at the
Tngleside. trap grounds to-morrow and
will smash blue rocks. The South Ends
will enjoy the afternoon with the, clays
at Colma, and the Alerts will burn powder
and scatter shot at Birds Point. The Cal- j
ifornia Wing Club will meet in a live bird
shoot at Ingleside July 3.
Otto Feudner, the crack pigeon shot,
was . very much incensed last Sunday
when, after a journey to Suisun, he was \
debarred by the Suisun Gun Club from j
competing in the live bird shoot. It is \
safe to say that if Feudner had taken part I
he would feu \>- carried away all the
money, as there was not a clean score
made during the day.
The biggest kin.! of fightintr gun is a 13
inch cannon, "f which the battle-ship In
diana has four. It is 40 feet long, weighs
61 tons, costs $50,000. and cannot be made j
in less than a year. It requires 550 |
pounds of powder for each shot, and it
can be tired ouce In live minutes. It
throws a steel projectile weighing 1100 j
pounds a distance of 12 miles. The gun I
is worked entirely by hydraulic pressure, ,
and the exertion needed to load, aim a;id ;
fire it is scarcely more than is required
ti> shoot a hammerlcss fchotgun at a fly
ing target. •_■
HANDBALL AMONG
CLEVER DODGERS
The following games will be played in
the San Francisco Handball Court to
morrow:
G. Dall and P. Hutchinson vs. J. Leon
ard and P. Ryan: R. Housman and E.
Barry vs. T. Foley and J. Kirby; M. Ma
guire and M. McLaughlin vs. J. Dowiir.g
and W. Hamilton; D. Rodgers and M.
McNeil vs. G. McDonald and L. Corraine;
B. Clements and W. Hassell vs. A. An
tron and T. Clements; J. Collins and R.
Murphy vs. E. Curley and J. White; J.-C.
Nealon and R. Llnehan vs. T. F. Bonnet
and A. Hampton.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CAL!L, SATURDAY, JCHtfE 25, 1898.
The Field of Sport
McCAUSLAND AND
PAPE WILL
RACE IN SKIFFS.
The oarsmen of San Francisco and Ala-
meda have two topics of discussion at
the present time—the shell and skiff races
to take place at El Campo to-morrow,
and the Fourth of July regatta. Of these
two topics by far the more interesting
is the El Campo event. There will be
six races to-morrow, but of these two
will be preliminary heats, leaving foui
conclusive contests on the programme,
The list of entries in the junior and senior
outrigged skiff races has already been
published in The Call; if is large and
representative enough to make It certain
that all who care for oarsmanship will
see an excellent day's sport. The seven
contestants in the junior outrigged skiff
race will row in two preliminary heats,
four in the first and three in the sec-
ond heat. All the clubs except the Tritons
ana Olympics are represented. The Flo-
Deer and Alameda clubs have two en-
tries each, and the Dolphins, South Ends
and Arieis one each. The Alameda men.
W. Hunsen and J. Lewis, are both in
flue condition, and are pulling better than
ever they did. Their skiffs are' not so
light as those that will be used by some
of their competitors, but Leander Steven-
son is putting them into thorough order,
and Lewis and Hansen are expected to
render a very good account of themselves,
In rough water Lewis should have a de-
cided advantage, as he has been accus-
tomed to it all his life. The two pre-
lirninary heats in the junior outrigged
.skiff race will be rowed in the morning.
the first soon after 11 o'clock and the
really important event of the day, the
special match race between Alex Pape of
the Dolphins and William McCausland of
the Ariels. will start about 1 p. m. Pape
has been training faithfully and practic-
ing regularly, and will prove a dangerous
antagonist, but McCausland's greater ex-
perience nay enable him to keep his
championship honors. The senior shell
race between H. Wittkopf of the Ariels
and J. Lynn of Stockton is next on the
programme, and is to be followed by tha
final heat in the junior outrigged skiti
race. The last event is |the senior out-
rigged skiff race, in which the winner
of the Pape-McCausland match race will
probably row, and should make things
interesting for the other competitors. \V.
O. Patch of the Dolphins has been train-
ing .tssiduously and has much improved
his stroke nnd paco. The Alameda Boat
Club has two entries, F. Avers and Chen-
ter Avers, and entertains great hopes that
F. Ayors will prove the winner.
The South End Boat Club, which last
year distinguished itself so much at El
Campo, has only one representative in
to-morrow's races— J. Lyons, who Is
drawn in the first heat of the junior out
rigged skiffs. But the South Ends will,
doubtless, send in some strong barge
crews for the four-oared events to be
rowed at El Campo on July 17. The Pio
neers are represented by H. Wilder and
Coney Ochs, the hitter of whom will use
J. T. Sullivan's n"\v boat bnilt by Twigg.
The Alameda Boat Club is growing in
strength and numbers. At its last meet
ing two now members — Charles Hague and
George Conrad— were fleeted; five appli
cations for membership will be passed on
next Tuesday, and three more are on the
board. The club has displayed its patriot
ism by naming its skiffs Dewoy and Hob-
Bon, and two yawls Schley and Sampson,
(i. Lewis, who is in the employ or the
Ban Francisco Bridge Company, and was
rowing bow of the Junior barge In the
place of Otto Meyers (who left the city
with the First California Regiment), has
1 ••' n ordered to Vallejo. The junior barns
crew ip now made up as follows: Chester
Ayers, bow; E. Ehrenpfort, f orwardwaist;
D. Greenleaf, afterwaist, and E. M. Hun
ter, stroke.
DAVE SINCLAIR WILL
BENCH IN SPANIARDS
The St. Bernard Club of California held
a meeting last week to consider tho
charges brought by Colonel C. B. Knocker
against Dr. W. R. Cluness Jr. as a mem
ber of the Pacific Advisory Board. The
doctor is the delegate of the club, and
the latter passed a resolution of confi
dence in their delegate, with the declara
tion that Dr. Cluness had worked for thr
best interests of the P. A. 8., and that
It was in no wise his fault that the
board's meeting had failed for lack of
a quorum.
Among recent purchases of Eastern
dogs may be noted that crack bull ter
rier. St. Blaise, by Blucher and ex-Duchess
Dorkey. The dog has been bought of the
Macedonia Kennels by Attrldge &
Kraun.
11. A. Wogener has purchased, at a good
round figure, of George Douglass of
Woodstock, Ont., the red cocker bitch
La Paloma, by Champion Red Rock and
Inez.
Lovers of the bulldog will learn with
great regret of the decease of J. S. Fy
bus Sellon. Mr. Sellon has for the past
twenty years bred or owned all the good
bulldogs raised in England or exported
from that country.
The entries to the Pacific Coast field
trials' derby will close on Friday nex*..
"Dave" Sinclair, the popular bench
show manager, baa enlisted and w!h
shortly nail for Manila, It is "odds on"
that he will show our allies a trick or
two with the bowwows, and we shall
be surprised if we do not shortly hear
of the formation of a Manila Kennel Club
under A. K. C. rules.
It is now decided that the members 01
the Pacific Advisory Board will allow
their case to go by default. In that event
the American Kennel Club can hardly do
more than disband the board, as dis
ciplinary measures for the members are
out of the question.
For the convention of delegates from th«
coast clubs to discuss a scheme of new
rules to be presented to the A. K. C
for consideration, the following delegates
have already been appointed:
San Francisco Kennel Club-^J. E. de
Ruyter and H. H. Carlton.
Pacific Fox Terrier Club— Dr. Fred W
d' Evelyn.
Pacific Mastiff Club— J. P. Norman.
SCHISM IN
THE
TENNIS RANKS.
The last weeks of June are busy ones
for the tennis players. The championship
tournament, commencing in the first dayti
of July, is attracting the attention of all
racquet wielders who aspire for tennis
honors, and the various club courts are
alive with practicing players. The mud
dle has not yet been cleared despite the
juvenile asseverations of some of the ultra,
enthusiasts among the third class play
ers. According to the calls for entries
there are two Pacific States Lawn Tennis
Associations. Each belligerent claims that
it is the only bona flde organization. On
the bulletin board of the California Ten
nis Club is posted a circular calling for
entries to the Coast Association, ana
right above it Is another of the same kind
but with totally different officers. The
association which seems to have the best
of it is the one in which the Hardys will
play, and of which Sam Hardy is the
secretary and treasurer. This organiza
tion will hold the tournament on the Sari
Rafael courts, as is the custom estab
lished by precedent. Robert X. Whit
ney, who has arranged for the other tour
nament, intends to hold the championship
tournament on the California Club courts,
but it is doubtful whether the entry list
of this tournament will be very large, o»
whether the California Club will permit
it In oppositlo.n to the San Rafael tour
nament. The tournament committee of:
the old association consists of the follow
ing: George Whitney Ed Woodbury ana
Robert N. Whitney. George S. Bradshaw
has been selected as referee. That there
is a schism no one with the powers of
observation will deny.
Whatever the outcome is the Pacific
Lawn Tennis Association will suffer. In
place of a contingent of first-class play
ers the California Club will send a much
Inferior lot of men to contest in the cham
pionship tournament, which will begin on
July 1. The Whitneys will not be en
tered, and George Bradshaw, who is a
member of the old party, will undoubted
ly refuse to play. The only ones lent
in the tournament among the iirst-class
men are the Hardys, and it will b* the
most veritable kind of a cinch for them
to win without an effort. There will be
quite a large entry list in the San Rafael
tournament among the second-class men.
It is very probable that the other tour
nament will not eventuate, leaving the
San Rafael players the entire field. "
Arrangements for this tournament have
been perfected. Tne courts of the Hotel
Rafael have been improved and every
thing will be put in readiness for the
championship events. Play will begin
on Friday, July 1, at 10 a. m., continu-
Ing on the 2d ana the 4th. Valuable
prizes will be given for first and second
places in the tournament. Tne winner
Will be called upon to play George Whit
ney for the championship of the coast,
though it is extremely doubtful if Whit
ney will respond to the call. The .-v> rules
of the United States Lawn Tennis Asso
ciation will be followed, the regulation
Wright & Ditson ball being used. All
matches will be three out of live sets.
The entrance fee will be $1. The entries
close June 29, IS9-S, and must be se»t With
fe*> to Sam P. Hardy, %1 Broadway, Oak
land.
On Monday morning, July 4, there will
be held an open consolation doubles tour
nament for the benefit of those defeated
in the first round. Special trains will
leave San Rafael at fi:33 p. m. on Satur
day, July 2, and on Monday, July 4.
The entries for the Son Rafaol tourna
ment are: From the Oakland Club— Sam
P Hardy, Sumner Hardy. Ed Spencer, R.
Nicholson, O. C. Pratt. Paul Selby. Ala
meda Clvb — Percy Murdock. Allen Bow
en and Bob Holmes, California Club—
Drummond McGavin, Jack O'Brien,
George Broemmel, Dick Adams and R. W.
Weihe.
There is also a spirit of unrest in the
San Rafaol tournament party concerning
the cup which George Whitney won last
year. The law reads that the holder must
win three successive years before It be
comes his absolute property. If Whitney
f;ii!s to recognize tho legitimacy of the
opposing Pacific States Lawn Tennl3 As
sociation trouble will ensue.
SNATCHED FROM THE ARMY.
Edgar Liebes Released From the
Third Artillery on a Writ of
Habeas Corpus.
Mrs. Hannnh Liebes, widow of th« late
Hermann Llebes, the furrier, procured a
writ of habeas corpus yesterday for the
recovery of her son, Edgar A. Liebes,
who enlisted three days ago In Battery
H, Third Regiment, U. S. Artillery, sta
tioned at the Presidio.
Oaptaln James O'Hara of the battery
produced yo'ing Liebes in United States
District Judtfe de Haven's court yester
day afternoon. The case was heard there.
Mrs. LtebeS testified that her son was
20 years "and three months old, that she
was his logal guardian as well as his
mother, and that he had enlisted in de
fiance of her refusal to give him permis
sion.
Young Liebes exhibited considerable
hesitancy when asked to state his age,
and it was only when it was dragged out
of him by the counsel that he admitted
that his mother had testified truly.
Judge de Haven ordered the boy dis
charged from military custody and
restored to the arms of" his mother. Cap
tain O'Hara said after the adjournment
of court that the boy would probably be
dishonorably discharged for having en
listed fraudulently.
Demand for War Bonds.
Cashier E. A. O'Connor of the Post
office reports that up to the close* of
business hours yesterday he had received
applications for $150,000 worth of the 3
per cent war bonds.
War as an Investment,
By Russell Sage,
In next Sunday's Call,
COIN IN CHUNKS
FOR THE
COURSING DOGS.
Much money has been hung up and
many dogs are looking for It at the two
coursing parks to-day. Occasionally there
is heard a pessimistic whisper that the
leashmen are playing the sport for "all
that the traffic will bear." If they are
the evidence is sadly lacking. The crowds
increase weekly. The prizes continue to
show an upward tendency. More dogs are
forthcoming at every drawing than can
be accommodated, and the class of the
stock is ever growing better.
Sullivan and Curtis & Sons are certainly
rivals at Union Park to-day, coming
against each other no less than three
times in the run down. The competing
dogs are all of tried quality.
Arthur Massey will have another pair
of Eastern long tails at Ingleside next
week. During his four weeks on the
coast Massey has lightened the Ingleside
cash box of second money once, third
money twice, fourth money twice and
fifth money twice, besides which he has
crossed the line twice— a totai of $220.
Right Bower is making his first run at
Union Park to-day. He was purchased
by E. V. Sullivan a few days ago, to
gether with two puppies. Mr. Sullivan
has also purchased Sunburst from Dillon
& Reilly.
Skyball and Rosette should put up a
hot run at Union Park to-day. The talent
Will doubtless follow Rosettej but old
Skyball has many a run left in him yet.
Picking the final winner at Union Park
to-day appears to be a harder task than
for several weeks. Curtis, Sullivan and
Rosseter all look to have a mortgage on
it, and there are dark horses galore. The
probable winners are:
All age stake— Magnet, Koolawn, Thorn
hill, Hercules, Douglass, Rusty Gold, Do
Me, Van Kirk, Lady Blanche, Alameda,
False Flatterer, Myrtle, Theron, Tessie
Fair, Bendalong, Terrona, Metallic, Lady
Campbell, Skyball, Jesse Moore, Glen
stone, Sweet Lips, Chill Pepper, Lord
Byron, Lightning, Commodore, Sylvia,
Rey El Fonso.
Puppy stake — Magnesia, Minerva, Billy
Gladstone, Miss Skyrocket, Bull Hill,
Morning Glory, Obediah, Daisy Dean,
Brutus, Royal Prize, Sunburst, Heather
Dell, Flyaway, Jersey Lily, Liberty Bell,
Rich and Artless.
The crowd that witnessed the coursing
at Union Park last Saturday was the
largest and most enthusiastic of the sea
son. With the growing attendance it is
safe to say that the park managers will
be compelled to increase the compart
ment which Is within easy reach of the
pools. Thousands of dollars passed into
the boxes on Sunday and as the dogs run-
ning to-day are well matched the betting
promises to be even more spirited than
usual. Union Park is unquestionably cut
ting quite a dash. Its leap to the front
in quick order is astonishing.
J. R. Smith's great Eastern bitch Ida is
expected here shortly. She is considered
the only "flyer" in America that stands
a chance of lowering the colors of For
Freedom.
On July 17 a Veteran stake will be run
at Union Park. The dogs likely to be
entered are Tern Hayes, Magpie, Sky
rocKet, Waratah, Belmont, Electric and
othei s.
The Interstate Coursing Club has finally
decided to hold its annual meeting at
Merced in November.
FITZSIMMONS WHIPPED
EVERYTHING IN SIGHT
Bob Fltzsimmons is a very poor corre
spondent, but recently the champion wrote
to a friend in this city, and his letter
terminated by describing a dream •which
the ; great pugilist had not very j many
moons ago. The kingpin of face-destroy
ers thought that he had six battles in
one week. On Monday he met •' and
whipped Corbett, Tuesday he felled Jef
fries, Wednesday he put Sharkey to sleep
Thursday Pete McCoy was knocked in
sensible. Friday Ruhling took. a tumble
and on Saturday Peter Maher was killed "
On the : day following (Sunday) Fitzsim
mons opened a saloon and engaged John
L. Sullivan as the director general, after
which ho sent the following notice to the
newspapers: "Gentlemen reporters: Have
I not accomplished enough now to gain
your well wishes. I hope the public and
press are satisfied | now and will not an
noy me in future. I haye -permanently
retired from the ring, and myself and the
only man living worthy of acknowledg
ment will in future enjoy the pleasure of
the public support and patronage without
further annoyance from would-be cham
pions, lours, etc., 808 FITZSIMMONS "
' On the evening of August ; 2 the crack
.welter-weights, Tom Trace? and V Mr
Connell will ; meet in the Olympic Club of
this city and i box , twenty ; rounds • This
should; be another grand . exhibition r of
clean and rapid fighting, as Tracey is as
clever , as McKeever and a much stiff er
puncher.- ; . ..:-;. . ■ ■. ; • er
-On Thursday evening ; the Manhattan
Athletic Club will give an exhibition in
Eintracht Hall,: and its secretary writes
that 1 the men who will box are "training
hard.and will appear in fine condition •
• The Alpine Athletic. Club will meet again
at 28; Golden Gate avenue on : July 11 and
the event of the evening will be an eV-ht
round contest between the promising Jack
Granfield and Billy Ottis. This should be
a hot argument. . -'■. >;.: .-.-;,
Martin Murphy, the popular sportsman
will in future be pleased to see his many
friends at 12 Sutter, street. Murphy is one
of the best ' seconds. who has ever assisted
a pugilist vto win a -battle. * : - -
r : Young ; Griffo left ' this : city last Thurs
day for Fresno, ; where he will fight Billy
Gallagher, formerly of Oakland, a contest
of twenty rounds. .■•>• .- ;-.
v The San ~ Francisco Athletic Club will
hold » "ladies' night" ' next * Wednesday
evening,; and on the evening of July- 7 the
following, fistic contests will .be ■ held: Six
rounds -between I Gus ! Koster and | George
Riccomi and | the semi-finals of the recent
tournament, which will ! be ■ quite ; spirited.
RIFLE BULLETS
THAT WILL
TEAR THE FLESH.
Within the past month or so there has
been considerable said about the Mauser
rifle, used by the Spaniards in Cuba and
Manila. Strange as it may seem, there
are very few riflemen here who have a
distinct idea of this firearm and the cart
ridge it uses. Recent reports from a sur
geon who examined the bodies of the
marines killed at the first engage
ment with the Spaniards at Camp Mc-
Calla were that the bodies were not mu
tilated, as first stated, but that the
ghastly wounds had been made by Mau
ser bullets. This made people wonder
■what kind of deadly missiles the Span
iards shoot in their rifles. It is very
likely that they are shooting deadly mis
siles, not recognized as legitimate by civ
ilized nations. The Mauser rifle is not
very dissimilar to the rifle adopted by the
United States, the Krag-Jorgensen. It is
made in Germany and is constructed of
three tubes instead of a solid barrel, like
most such pieces. It has a bolt action
and a magazine similar to that of the
new United States musket, the cartridges,
five in number, being carried in small
metal boxes like the Lee.
The bullet used is a trifle over a .33 cal
iber, or 3-100 of an inch larger than that
of the Krag-Jorgensen, and those adopt
ed for army use are known as the steel
jacket— in other words, a steel shell con
taining pure lead to give weight. These
bullets have great penetrating powers,
but they do not necessarily tear the flesh.
The only explanation as to how the bul
lets shot by the Spanish soldiers mutilat
ed the bodies of the marines so badly is
that they shot the soft point or "soft
nose." hunting bullet. This style of mis
sile is intended only for hunting big game.
It is of half steel jacket and the point is
of pure lead.
When the point strikes an object it
mushrooms like a toadstool, find while
the hole at the entrance is not large, the
place where such a bullet cones out is
invariably very large and ragged. Such
cartridges are intended only f>>r big and
dangerous game. They have been found
to be too tearing for game killed for con
sumption and lighter cartridges with
smaller soft points have come into more
general use. If the marines were mutil
ated with Mauser bullets those missiles
must have been of the kind used for
slaughtering bears and lions.
The local interest in rifle shooting has
not abated in the least because of the
war taking so many of the younger men
into the ranks. To-morrow half a dozen
rifle clubs will hold forth at the Shell
Mound range and some good scores may
be expected M. J. WHITE.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Another Fast Lot of Dogs Will Com
pete in the Two Days' Meet.
A lot of fast dogs was drawn last even
ing to compete at Ingleslde in two stakes.
In the all-age stake the speediest ani
mals in the State are pitted, while in the
sapling stake are some possible surprises.
Following is the list of entries: "'.. .
All-aged stake— J. Quane's Stella D vs. E.
"W. Duftey's B B; Deokeltnan & Panarlo's Old
Glory vs. Kay & Tram's ' Leonora; Lynch &
Maher's Mystic Maid vs. Kay & Trant's Chit
Chat; F. P. Black's Occidental vs. Derby Ken
nel's Little Dorrltt; J. Dean's Mlalmo vs. J.
Shea's Firenzi; Pembroke Kennel's Wildflower
vs. T. J. Mclnerny's Kosle H; J. Sheehan's
Lass o Gowrie vs. J. Munan's Flashlight;
Alfred Haigh's Hadowist vs. J. Farley's Trlx;
Deckelman & Panarlo's Glen Chloe vs. J.
Byrne's Mohawk; J. McCormack's White Lily
vs. H. ■ "Weber's Montana; T. J. Mclnerny's
Suitable vs. Kay & Tram's Crosspatch; J. L.
Sears' Beauty vs. McCullough & Loudon's
Magneto; Dillon & Rellly's Queen B vs. W. T.
Sullivan's Trink; J. Dean's Nellie Conroy vs.
H. McNeil's Sportsman: F. McComb's Oleen
vs. D. Kaher's Belle of Moscow; J. Dean's
Gladiator vs. T. J. Mclnerny's Mojlie; C. F.
Brown* Rosalie (formerly Van Nida) vs. A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan; P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy
vb D. Shannon's Swinnerton: T. J. Mclnerny's
Johnnie R vs. C. F. Ingersoll's Glenwood; J.
Sheehan's Lady Jane vs. Lowe & Thompson's
High Born Lady; F. Foley's Mystic vs. O'Con
nell Brothers' Senorlta; F. A. GafTney's Sir
John Arnott vs. Lahnsen & Duncan's Wheel
of Fortune: F. Keren's Martha Washington vs.
George Smart's Chiqulta; Dillon & Relay's
Grannale vs. Deckelman & Panario's Royal
Oak; Kay & Tranfs Diana vs. J. H. Perigo's
Wayfarer; Kay & Trant's Masterpiece vs. A.
Haigh's Hattel: J. Murnane's Valley Maid vs.
W O'Neil's Promise Me; E. M. Elkus' Tele
phone Girl vs. Lowe & Thompson's Victor; B.
T Reilly's Abel vs. C. Strehl's Skylark; James
McCormack's Rapid vs. H. McNeil's Master
Glenkirk. , , _ , _
Sapling stake— J. Murnane's Wolfe Tone v .
T Murnane's Black Bess; Deckelman & Pa
nario's Prince George vs. O'Connell Bros.'
Molly O; F. Sullivan's Maid o* the Hill ■ vs. w.
Berry's Camoania; T. Hall's Miss Skyball x*. ;
Gibbons & Hartery's Briar Sweet; ■ B. Baum's
Belmont Boy "vs. J. Murnane'a Flashing Lass;
W Sweeney's La Juive vs. J. Rooney's Lassie
Haves' Lynch A Maher's Ix>ttic M a bye.
Tips for the All-Age Stake— B B. Old Glory.
Mystic Maid. Little Dcrrit. Mialmo. Rosie R,
Flashlight, Hadowißt, Glen , Chloe. White Lily,
Crosspatch, Beauty, Queen B, Nellie Conroy,
Ollein Gladiator, Tod Sloan, Benicia Boy,
Johnny R. Lady Jane. Senorita. Sir John Ar
nott, Chiquita. Royal Oak. Diana, Hattel,
Promise Me, Victor, Skylark, Master Glen
Kirk
Tips for the Sapling Stake-Black Bess Let
tie O Maid o' the Hill, Miss Skyball, Briar
Sweet, La Juive and Lottie M.
TO WATCH THE FOBESTS.
The drought that California has exper
ienced this year will necessitate a care
ful watching of the big forest districts.
As a consequence a flro ban I has been or
ganized in the McOloud Valley, which is
especially wealthy in large and valuable
timber.
The valley Is about twenty miles long,
with a scattering of lumber camps and
stations. A mounted patrolman will make
a journey back and forth every day on
the watch for fires. He will have 300 men
at his call, all of whom have signified
their willingness to respond at once in
time of danger. During the month of
July but one mounted patrolman will be
employed. In August and September an
other will be added to the force.
A Point on Recording.
The Supreme Court has decided a point
In law relative to the filing of documents
for record. G. Grand executed a mort
gage to one Edwards. His wife on tne
same day executed a declaration to home
stead a portion of the same property.
Edwards gave the mortgage to one of the
deputies in the Recorder's office a little
after office hours— s o'clock— with direc
tions to record as soon as the office
opened in the morning. Mrs. Grand gave
the declaration of homestead to one of
the deputies a few minutes before the
office opened on the following morning,
with directions to record at once. Both
documents were marked as filed at 9
o'clock. Edwards sued on the mortgage
and obtained judgment. Mrs. Grand con
tested, and the point raised was that her
document was really the first filed. The
decision that the mortgage was the first
executed was affirmed by the higher
court, which also held that although both
were recorded at the same time the mort
gage was filed first, having been placed
in the hands of a deputy for record on
the preceding day The matter of office
hours cuts no figure In such cases.
Sailors and Their Grievances.
The grievances of sailors examined by the
authorities In ports of entry, where the sea
men belong, often turn out to be imaginary or
greatly exaggerated. But there are plenty of
cruel and conscienceless skippers who abuse
their crews. Violence is always objectionable
and pointedly so when It Is exerted upon an
unfortunate liver, stomach or bowels by dos
ing with drastic purgatives which weaken the
Intestine*. Use Hoßtetter"s Stomach Bitter*.
SAN FRANCISCOS
HOLD JINKS
AND A REGATTA.
This evening the San Francisco Yacht
Club will give a jinks at the clubhouse,
to which all yachtsmen are cordially In
vited. To-morrow there will be a re
gatta over a course in front of the club
house. Several entries have been re
ceived, and the course will be pointed out
to yachtsmen on the day of the race.
Yachts will be divided by "mean length"
into tin.- iollowing four classed Class 1,
yachts of 37 feet and not more than 44
feet; class 2, yachts of 30 feet and not
more than 37 feet; class 3, yachts of 25
feet and not more than 30 feet; class 4,
yachts of 20 feet and not more than 25
reet. A preparatory gun will be tired at
U:aO p. m., and a single gun will be the
signal for the yachts of each class to
start— class 1 at 1 p. m., class 2 at 1:1*
P. m., class 3 at l:2o p. m. and class 4 at
1:30 p. m. There will be no time allow
anoes, and the first boat to cross the fin
ishing line will win rirst prize in her
class. Second prizes will not be awarded
unless at least three boats compete. If
enough entries are received there will be
a special race for yachts of less than 20
feet mean length.
The Pacific Yacht v.iub has a cruise to
Paradise Cove for to-day, and one to the
Heads for to-morrow. On Friday, July
1, the Pacific yachts will anchor off
Meiggs wharf, and at 4:30 a. m on Sat
urday July 2, a preparatory gun will be
nred from Commodore E. A. \V iltsee'3
flagship Aggie; at 5 a. m. a second gun
will signal the yachts to start for Santa
Cruz. Notices have been sent to the va
rious yacht owners, and it is hoped that
tne following yachts will join the cruise:
Admiral J. D. Spreckels' schooner Lur
line. Vice Commodore Martin Roberts'
schooner Azalene, ex-Commodore p Ca
duc's sloop Annie, \V. S. Lrooufellow'g
schooner La Paloma, E. W. Hopkins'
steam yacht El Primero and the schooner
Lady Mine, In command of Alexander
Swanson.
The Corinthian cruise to McXearte land
ing last Saturday and Sunday was well
attended and very successful.
Fred R. Cook's sloop Harpoon is to be
raffled off in August. Tickets, of which
there will be 400 at $5 each, may be ob
tained from Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill of
the San Franciscos.
Vice Commodore Andrew Thome of the
Corinthians will put the yawl Seven 1 tolls
in commission and will join in the inter
club cruise on July 3 and 4.
Secretary G. F. Gafthers slooo" U & I
was the only yacht flying the burgee of
the Californias at McNr.ir-s last Sunday,
for Vice Commodore G. B. Edgar's sloop
Sappho flew the San Francisco flag, and
E. F. Sag^r's sloop Edna the Corinthian,
H. W. Brydges' yawl Hope started on the
cruise, but did not reach McXears. On
the return home she took in tow a white
hall, having on board several members of
the Oakland Canoe Club.
Last Saturday Fawn of the Encinals,
with E. Ynungberg, R. Mitchell and C.
Darneal, went on a three days* cruise In
the upper bay. To-day Sphinx, with Tar
pey, O'Connor and Allen Ward, starts on
an up-river cruise. \Y. Bates' Vixen Is
up the river, and Spray has gone back to
the Corinthian Club. Commodore J. S.
Hanley will probably charter another
yacht. Fawn will probably challenge for
the Perpetual Cup, at present held by
Aeolus of the Corinthians. A private
party was given at the Encinal Clubhouse
last Wednesday by the Misses Carpen
tier.
Martin Doerr, a San Jose jeweler, has
presented to the South Bay Yacht Club
a handsome silver cup, to be known as
the "Doerr prize," and raced for annu
ally. The first race for the cup will be
held on July 4, and the course will b«
from the mouth of Steamboat Slough to
Dumbarton Point and return, a distance
of about fifteen miles. The following en
tries have been made: Port Captain W.
B. Ortley's scooner Dawn, Secretary J.
E. Auzerais' sloop Papoose, Commodore
Joseph O. McKee's sloop Wanderer, Vie*-
Commodore H. A. Spencer's sloop Rana.
the sloop Zephyr and Louis Sonniksen'3
sloop Feufollet. The last named was
formerly owned by H. H. Gorter of the
Corinthians, and is a keel boat having a
length over all of twenty-nine feet six
inches. The South Bay Club is increas
ing in membership, and has a fleet of
eleven boats. A large float is being built
at Alviso, which will render it much
easier than it has hitherto been to board
and disembark from the yachts.
To-day and to-morrow being open dates
for the Corinthian, JSnoinal and California*
clubs, many yachtsmen will be free to
attend the iinks and regatta of the San
Francisco Club.
"Saving the Sacramento Valley
From Drought," in next Sunday's
Call.
HAS NO JUSTICE COUBT.
A Bad Blunder by Those Who Framed
Berkeley's New Charter.
The town of Berkeley is without a
Justice Court, says the Supreme Court In
a decision handed down yesterday in
the case of Miner against Jus
j tice W. H. H. Gentry and others. He
applied for a writ of mandate to compel
the Justice to issue an execution on a
i judgment alleged to have been recovered
In a case against A. M. Nixon. This in
volved the question as to whether tna
court of Berkeley was in" existence at the
time the plaintiff began action, July 20
1597, or subsequent thereto, as well a-* the
effect of the adoption of the freeholders'
charter upon the previous charter The
charter under which the town was incor
porated specified among the officers two
Justices of the Peace. The Supreme Court
holds that under the law the present
charter supersedes all other charter* and
Is the organic law. The contention of the
petitioners was thai as the freeholders'
charter did not create a court it could not
be considered as a destroying one. The
j court held, as in the Sparks case of Sac
i ramento, that the charter was supposed
I to be complete of itself and to provide all
that it desired. The old Justice Court was
created with the old charter, and it fell
with it. In this the majority of the Su
preme Justices concurred. Flarrison, Hen
! Shaw, Garoutte and Temple signing the
i denial of the petition. Van Fleet. Beatty
: ami McFarland dissented, the latter con
; tending that the part of the act incorpor
ating the town and creating the office of
j justice was not repealed by the freehold
ers' charter, which could not deal with
the judiciary. There is a possibility that
many complications may grow out of this
decision.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWE ANY
WE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
1 ■ vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been .: weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his * new •
and original system of treatment.
RIPII KE cured by his new method
without knife, truss or detention from 11
work, a i painless, sure ' : and permanent -
cure. : V4RU(Hi:i,t. hydrocele •
swelling and 1 - tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. ContH.
Clou«bioo«t poi*>»«> in any of "its 1
stages • thoroughly eradicated from the
system. IV oies* will receive special
attention for r.ll their . many / ailments
WRITE if you '■ cannot call. -No chanre '
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health," .
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
GRAND TWO=DAY MEETING! ;
OLD DOGS AND SAPLINGS. ;
SOLDIERS ADMITTED FREE.
SATURDAY, 1 P.mTtO-MORROW 11 A.M.
; ■;Vv;-lTr..r -."-■■— ■— __.."l_;'ft ■■■_ ■ .•■■■.'. ■: ■ •-■■■■SEYMOUR
AT LAST
IN CHARGE
He Assumes Control
of the Prison.
NEPHEW WOLF IS OUT
CHIEF LEES FORCED TO AC
KNOWLEDGE HIS MISTAKE.
President Tobin of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners Respon
sible for ths
Change.
Chief Leea evidently realizes his mistake
in trying to fool the Police Commissioners
into appointing his nephew. Sergeant
Wolf, captain of the City Prison.
Since "Handsome Willie" Robinson, who
was in charge of the prison, was forced
to resign, Lees has been doing all in his
power to influence the Commissioners to
make "Wolf his successor. After considi
able scheming the astute Chief of Police
succeeded in having bis nephew appointed
to the responsible position of acting cap
tain of the prison with the pay of s.<j.
geant.
Evidently anxious to provide him with
all the ''comforts of hom< ," Lees 01
the carpenter of the Police Departn*
adorn the ofiiee in the prison with a
stained glass front, so that his favored
relative would not be annoyed by the
"plebeian herd" that Infest the city bas
tile.
Just as "Rube," as he is familiarly
known, was enjoying life at the expense
of the city his uncle, the senile Chief of
Ived a note from Judge Tobin,
■lent of the Board of Police Commis
rs, In which he stated that under no
consid< ration would h<' submit to Wolf
further conducting the business of the
prison to suit himself. As the result Cup
tain Seymour last night sat in "Rube's"
i-hair, stir- by stained glass,
and attending to the duties which fall to
the lot of the captain of the prison.
Nephew Wolf was not In evidence, evi
dently having been told to stay away by
While Chief 1 a refused to discuss the
note he received from the president of
th Board of Police Commissioners, it is
known that Captain Seymour will here
after assun ties of captain of th?
prison. He was appointed to fill the va
caused by the resignation of
"Handsome Willie" Robinson, but for
■plained reason Lees decided to
have hini alternaate with captain Bohen.
while his pet relative acted as captain of
the prison.
Just what the chief Intends to do with
"Rube" is a matter of considerable spec
ulation. It is possible, so the wiseacres of
in lit say, that he is determined
c him a soft berth in the "upper of
even if he has to sacrifice a trusted
clerk to make room for Nephew Wolf.
TROTTING MEETING
TO OPEN TO-DAY
THE EREEDERS' ASSOCIATION'S
NEW AND NOVEL CARD.
Bnvey Appointed Starter and Other
Track Gossip — Latest Entries and
Prospects of an Interest
ing Opening.
Not for many years past has the Pacific
Coast Trotting-Horse Breeders' Associa
tion had such good reason to congratulate
itself on the outlook for the success of its
summer meeting, which opens to-day at
the Oakland racetrack, as on the present
occasion. The weather could not be bet
ter; the splendid track of the California
Jockey Club is in such first-class condition
as only an oid trottlng-horse expert in
that special line of business like William
Fieldwick can make it, while the intro
duction of bookmakers, in addition to
poolsellers, together with the welcome and
novel change of dashes instead of the
fraud-provoking heat races, has created
an unusual Interest among the general
public outside the regular attendants at
harness meetings.
The appointment of that most im
portant official, the starter, was made
during' the week, and the board of direct
ors is to* be congratulated on Its selection
of Dick Havey for that post. Though of
late years Dick has Identified himself
rather more with the thoroughbred, he
has had considerable experience as a
trainer and driver of trotters, and has
frequently officiated as starter with uni
formly good success. Certain it is that
lie will find little difficulty in obtaining the
necessary obedience to his orders from
his .former companions-in-reins.
The resignation of E. P. Heald from the
presidency of the association, which took
place quite recently, leaves that office
temporarily vacant, the duties devolving
on vice-Presidents D. E. Knight and A.
G. Gurnett. The judge's stand will be oc
cupied by members of the board of direct
ors, and the secretary. F. Kelly, and
Director A. S. Cohen will attend to the
details pertaining to the office of clerk of
the course.
Park Henshaw, colonel of the new Cali
fornia regiment now being mustered for
active military duty, has quite a few
horses in Jim Sullivan's hands. At the
present writing It looks as If his camp will
be at no great distance from the track,
and his enthusiasm for the trotting game
need not be dampened by an enforced ah*
sence from the scene of speed contests. .
There are likely to be plenty of private
matches arranged to take place during
this meeting, the rivalry in possession of
fast horses being especially keen among
members of the Golden Gate Park Driv
ing Association, four of whom put up $25
each the other evening toward a purse to
bo trotted for within the next few weeks.
Mr Gallagher named Admiral Dewey, Mr.
Stewart nominated Dandy Pat, whose
record is 2:26%; Mr. Mead named Haverly,
1:2$: and Mr. Ohland entered Haviland,
2:27. Then Mr. Parks wanted to come In
with Lottie, and was allowed to on pay
ment of $10. $50 only of the purse to go to
him if she should win.
Azote (2:04%) is with the rest of the
Griffith string at Oakland. He has had
some trouble lately in his whlrlbone. but
has improved considerably since two se
tons were put in. The sores are now
healed, and he is going Bo . nd vaar rtl .
Walter Maben has an eight-year-old
full brother to the great Star Pointer In
his stable. He Is a good looking, big bay
Btallion. with a perfect disposition. Ho
is called Bky Pointer. . .
The blunder of the programme printer
of the Memorial day matinee given by
the Golden Gate • Park Driving Associa
tion may cost Mr. Kirkpatrick of • the
Palace Hotel $50 If be wants to start his
mare Azella under her right name, in
etead of that arbitrarily given by the
compositor, viz.. Dahlia. ' ■<-;r
Jack "W (2:12%) start* to-day in the 2:13
trot, and should be Inside the money. f
It It to be hoped that an opportunity
•will b« given the public to see Agitato
(2:09) pace a mile. Walter Maben, In
whose bands he is, is very sweet on his
work.
Dr. Wrasse, having a record of 2:29%.
was found to be Ineligible for the first
race to-day. . ,
The news received from Denver of sen
ratl'maJ workouts given to Chehalin
*2-<fiV 4 by Altamont, Tecora, Anaconda
<">■(&) by Knight, mare by ... gona, and
Kate Miediom (2:10%). by Rlley Medium,
cr*t».UsA quite an excitement at the Oak
land track on Thursday, and will center
all «y«* on the /Treat race that takes
plao* at 'Denver between the three. • It
M«ni that they rrcr» given two heats to
gether laurt Saturday, that daylight was
ii«v«r «««o b«twe«t any of them, and that
tb«r entns unAer th« ■ wire . together :in
2tW4 mod tiliP/ir > Ch^aH«» bad . the pole
victory of the latter, who did the last
half in l:01M>. will not be unexpected.
Klatawah's record is now 2:1« I*,1 *, made
in a winning race at Denver last Tues
day.
The bay gelding Ed Winship, named
after his owner's brother, the popular
president of the Napa Agricultural Asso
ciation, starts in the three-minute trot
to-day. He has worked some very fast
quarters.
William Harold, by Sidney, is entered
in tho 2:20 pace to-day. His best record
last year, second in 2:14. is pretty certain
to be beaten, judging from the way he is
working.
P. J. Williams' Silver Ring was lamed
last Monday by the spring of the steel
spreader she wore breaking and being
driven deep into the frog.
PROGRAMME FOR TO-DAY.
3:00 class, trotting, dash, one mil*, purse
$200— C. E. Park's Lottie, D. E. KnUM s Pil
ver Queen. M. Crow'i Aejrresate, E. Stewart s
I Admiral Dewey, .T. M. Nelw n's Babelle, John
I Curler's Prince C. .lam*? Sutherland's Favor,
■ James Thompson's Pextev D, Rosedale ICaroVs
iWtha R, J. L. Smith's Joe Belby, Charles L.
Griffith 1 ? Hect, William L. Spoor's Mabel Mc-
Kiniu-y. C. A. Wir..-hip's Ed Wins!
220 " class, paolntf. dash, one mile, purse
: $200— P. E. Knight's Cora P. K. Stewart's
1 Butchtr Boy, E. Stewart"? Dandy I'at. E.
Schmidt's FIU Aymon. A. B. Alton's Bess
H, A. H. Cohen's Much Bettor. Walnut r.rnve
Stock Farm's Ma Jell a, Mrs. E. W. Callen
dlne's Diawood O.eorpe Gray's William Har
old, Walter Masters' Dictates, (5. E. Shaw's
Frank Murphy, S. H. Hoy's Monroe S.
300 class, three-year-olds, trotting, dash, one
mile purs" COO— J Murray Moorehead's Maud
Murray. P. J. Williams' California. A. G. Gur
! nm's'Who Is It. John Moorehead's Sibyl S.
: Charles U Griffith's Bertina. W. G. Durfee's
Mamie Riley.
213 class, trotting, dash, one mile, purse
$200— Jajnep Sullivan 1 !! Mamie Griffin, P. J.
Williams' Monterey, Wn.lomc Stock Farm's
Thompson, C E Clark's Topxlf-s. Richard
Abies' Qalette. .T. B. Iverson's Prince Gift, F.
A. Ottncr's Jack W.
2:40 class, pacing, hents 2 In 3. purse $300—
James Sullivan's Captain Hackett, E. A. Fal
vpv's Resort, J. M. Nelson's 1 Direct, Oeorpe
Johns' l'ntsy D, .1. O'Kane'S Peanuts. A. H.
■ me, E. C. Gabriel's Mark H.
i James Thompson's Primrose. C. C. Crippen's
R .'.•■ rick. J. B. tverson's Dlctatress, G. E.
Shaw's I.lndo. Alex Connick's Alsandy. W. S.
Mal>en's U*x Alto.
Died Waiting for Work.
Michael Dermody, a longshoreman, re
siding at the comer 5 of Howard and New
Montgomery streets, went to the Union
street wharf yesterday morning, looking
for work, and sat down on a pile of lum
ber. He had not been there Very long
before he fell over, and when bystand*
ers ran to his assistance they found that
he was dead. Heart disease is believed
to be the cause. The deceased was a na
tive of Ireland, 55 years old.
Grand Birdseye View.
Camp Merritt, on x>\ate paper. 2.'xO
Inches. Worth framing. With S. F. News
Letter to-day. •
HOT ENOUGH? WELL!
(Incidents of the Warm Spell Yesterday.)
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTJXE 25, 181)8.
TRYING TO
REINSTATE
Does the City Own St.
Marys Street?
PROPERTY OWNERS SAY NO
THE PURPOSE OF THE ALCALDE
MARKET COMPANY.
Will Attempt to Gain the Entire
Thoroughfare on the Ground
of a Failure to
Record.
The Alcalde Market Company, the cor
poration which claims the rightful own
ership of St. Marys street, has clothed
itself In a pall of mystery, and seems
determined that future plans shall be
kept as far as possible from the public.
The object of the purchase of the prop
erty on a qu^claim deed from Theodore
Payne, although supposed to be a mat
ter of conjecture, will be undoubtedly
considered an attempt of the concentra
tion of the efforts of those forming the
corporation to declare the street private
property and reopen the adjoining houses
to tenants of the same character as those
who a few months ago were compelled
to vacate under penalty of the law.
If this contemplated object can be real
ized gates can be erected on both ends
of the street and the houses reopened,
but even this precaution for the preserv
ation of public morals can be dispensed
with at the option of the declared owners
of the street, who, falling to see the ne
cessity, can refuse to erect them. This
will absolutely nullify whatever control
or jurisdiction the Board of Supervisors
may have exercised in the past, as with
private property, property-owners can do
as they please as long as they conform I
to the police regulations and the laws
governing the city.
Although the Alcalde Company will en
deavor to prove that the street was ,
never properly and legally claimed and
recorded by the city, the fact remains i
that for the past forty years or more
the street has been used as a public thor- j
oughfare, patrolled by public officers and
governed by municipal laws.
Theodore Payne, from whom the Quit
claim deed to the property was secured
by the corporation, is represented as the
original owner of the entire property sit
uated on both sides of the street, includ
ing the street itself.
For convenience, a dividing line was
cut through the land and houses erected
on either side, the dividing line becoming
afterward known as St. narys street.
This however, in one of the recorded
deeds of the past is absolutely denied, a?
In it Payne acknowledges St. JUar> s
Street as a public thoroughfare. \\ hat
ever property he sold was measured and
apportioned from and in conformity with,
the street line, which he never claimed
as private property, understanding no
doubt that the street was public property
and as such land owners were at liberty
to avail themselves of the free use of it.
In no title or deed of property does he
mention the sale as including that por
tion of the street directly in tront of the
Pr i°f P lt t> is S °possiWe to declare the street
private property the intention of the Al
caide Company is manifest. I.'pon the
deed of award the street will be closed,
gates erected and negotiations made with
the property owners by the corporation
for the sale of the thoroughfare at an
exorbitant price, which, they failing to
accept, the former can erect an obstruc
tion on the street and utterly ruin the
adjoining property until such time as tto»
property owners are forced into accepting
the street at whatever price is de
manded.
The leading members of the corporation
are J. L. White, Martin Kelly and Attor
ney Mnrgenstern. Shares have been free
ly bought in the company by those hold
ing property in the northern section of
the alley, those in the southern section
refusing to purchase on the ground that
they are battling in a lost cause, as no
court would recognize private claims for
the possession of the street.
Martin Kelly, who seems to be the lead
ing spirit in the new movement, was the
legal adviser of the property owners, who
engaged him immediately after the street
was closed some months ago, to exert his
inlluence and expend an enormous sub
scribed sum for the purpose of nullifying
the action of the courts. The money
was accepted the work never accom
plished. Kelly claimed that he used it
legitimately and for the purpose out
lined, but the property owners claim that
he used the money elsewhere than in the
direction needed and avow that the pres
ent action is being made to dispute the
validity of the law for the purpose of
making some compensation for the money
received and lost.
It is for this reason that those holding
claims in the Pine street end of the street
have refused to co-operate, as they firmly
believe that it is a public thoroughfare,
and that the new corporation cannot pos
sibly accomplish the object in view.
J. L. White, in outlining and defining
the object of the institution of the cor
poration, spoke of its origin as a com
bined effort of those interested in it to
prove that the street is private and not
public property and to force the city in
consequence to accept whatever disposal
they may see fit to make of it.
"If this street, "said White, "can be pro
ven private property, as it undoubtedly
can.we can take whatever precautions we
may see proper to protect the public
morals of the city and rent the houses to
those unfortunate women who, as a con
sequence of not being concentrated in
one section of the city, are scattered
loosely in the various cheap lodging
houses on tho public thoroughfares and
menace the public purity far more than
if they were allowed to lead the shameful
life they have accepted in a private street,
where the police are constantly on watch
for the prevention of crime and where the
women are constantly under the eye of
4\, i , In -nr
"It is far better to have them here than
to run the risk of having them next door
to the homes of respectable people. I
think that if it is possible to reopen the
street in conformity with law it should
"St Marys street, unlike that of
Quincy. is away from the main streets of
the city, and is not a constant source of
annoyance to people who attend the
church at tho corner of California and
Dupont streets. It is so narrow as to be
hardly percentible. and the erection of
gates at both" ends would be a safeguard
against public immorality and a solution
of whatever objection the public might
have to its existence."
Although a strenuous effort Js being
made by the new corporation to open the
street, like action is being taken by those
who were instrumental in closing It, to
have it remain so.
Proceedings of the company to prose
cute its suit for the possession of the
street are expected to be Instituted in the
near future i _
Read the thrilling story of the
bombardment of San Juan by an
English blockade runner -who passed
the American fleet, in next Sunday's
Call.
Where to Fish.
Rev. H. Melville Tenny gave an Illus
trated lecture under the auspices of the
Camera Club last night which was pai
tleularly Interesting for this time of the
year. His subject was "A Fisherman's
Outing" and ho grave many pointers to
the followers of Walton as to where the>
might pursue the sport to the beet advan
tage.
On to Manila!
li On to . Manila! Pictorial 5 history of the
Volunteer Camp and expedition. No read
ing. Magnificent »ouv«njr ito ! nr«s«rve or
Mad U to trl«aO«* - Sola vlier*. SSoJ
THE ROUND TOWER AT KELLS
To Be Reproduced for the Coming Irish Fair.
Active preparations are in progress for the coming Irish fair and,
■when completed, the Interior of the Pavilion, as far as imitative art is pos
sible. Will illustrate the ancient beauty of the historical land of Erin and
the customs and various characteristics of its people.
One of the leading and most attractive features of the fete will be the
reproduction of the celebrated Round Tower at Kells, near Dublin, out
lined in the sketch above. This tower, which will be reproduced as true to
the original as possible, is now being constructed, and will be in position
in the Pavilion about August 20.
To those who are acquainted with the beauty of Irish scenery will cling
many fond recollections of the old ruins that once constituted the for
midable and majestic tower of Kells.
It is expected that the scenic effects of this fair will be most attrac
tive and well worth the price of admission alone. In addition to those
named above the artists are painting many scenes, such as "The Rocky
Road to Dublin" and "The Lower Lake of Killarney." There will be more
paintings of landscapes, castles, structures and marine views shown than
was ever seen in the Pavilion before. The Blarney Castle, Tara Hall and
Bank of Ireland booths and the map of Ireland in the hallway will be attrac
tive to all comers, whether of Celtic origin or not.
The honorary advisory board will meet this coming week at the Occi
dental Hotel parlors and will organize as a committee. The designs for the
badges will then be selected and reception committees will be appointed.
The list of members in full Is as follows: Governor James H. Budd, May
or James D. Phelan, Chief Justice W. H. Beatty, President of Board of Ed
ucation C. L. Barrington, M. H. de Young, Hon. Niles Searls, Hon. Tlrey
L. Ford; Colonel E. A. Denicke, president of Mechanics' Institute; Judge
T. B. McFarland, P. J. McCormick, president county board A. O. II. ; John
H. Grady, Hon. Joseph Leggett, R. P. Doolan, Joseph A. Stulz, president
Grocers' Association; Frank J. Muraskey, James H. Barry, Richard V. Cur
tis, Hon. Irving M. Scott of the Union Iron Works, A. Sbarboro, W. M.
Hunker, Hon. J. A. Filcher, president State Board of Trade; Major Wil
liam B. Hooper, J. J. Donovan, State Lecturer J. P. Dignan, A. O. II. ; Wil
liam Greer Harrison, Frank Conklin, Judge E. P. Mogan, P. E. McCarthy,
grand president of Catholic Union; Hon. R. Fitzgerald, Hon. Robert Ferral,
Colonel John T. Harrington, Judge Advocate General, of Calusa; William
R. Sherwood, Colonel J. J. Dwyer, John H. Spohn, Hon. P. J. Harney,
Charles H. Crocker, Hon. J. H. Seawell, J. C. O'Connor, Hon. H. J. Staf
ford, Dr. Fotterel, T. J. Welsh, Hon. F. C. Siebe, Patrick Boland, president
No. 17, A. O. H.; General R. H. Warfleld, Hon. Louis Glass, Eustace Culinan,
John H. Cregan, A. O. H., board of Oakland; P. U. Hanrihan of Oakland,
John C. Boyle, James Costello, O. M. Brennan, James O'Brien, John Roo
ney, Frank T. Shea, John P. Gallagher, Dr. J. F. Gibbons, Stephen R.
O'Keefe, H. Mulvihlll, J. C. Nealon, Jeremiah Mahoney, John J. Barrett,
C. B. Fenn, Alfred Tobin, William Broderick, Dr. C. A. Clinton, Frank D.
Ryan of Sacramento, F. B. Lorigan, T. A. Burns, Hon. George C. Perkins,
P. Reddy, Hon. James V. Coffey and others. This list will be added to by
only twelve more names, and then the board will be completed.
DOCTRINE OF EVOLUTION.
An Interesting Discussion by Rev.
Joseph Riordan at St.
Ignatius.
"Evolution" was the subject of an able
discussion by Rev. Joseph \V. Riordan of
Santa Clara College at St. Ignatius Hall
last evening. The lecture was a learned
expose of the theory of evolution, which
regards man as the result of gradual de
velopment of the lower orders of life. A
distinct parallel was drawn between evo
lution and the truths outlined in the
Bible, ridiculing the idea that man was
created in a degenerate form to work out
and perfect his being by a succession of
changes and migrations from the skin
of the lower to that of an animal of
higher degree, finally evolving to the per
fect state in which he now exists.
The lecture, which was under the aus
pices of Council 129 of the Young Men's
Institute, was accompanied by literary
and musical exercises.
In the Divorce Courts.
Eliza A. Devine was granted a divorce
from William B. Devine yesterday on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Suits for dl
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
'SS^^Sfe^^^ . lOU.vHfi DC wlliCfl.
gjjyHEO"!! ~j™gjjiii^rrT^r-l^Sa^^" You need not suffer with a chronic
Sal J v T i'tSf ||c f" ' ar iE I disease, consumption or a deformity. or
SlEiEijr^ E2tl?^;!' t^^K i a complication of ailments; if you will
5 iTrlnj i i~7j "?t- TT" H"""7'rr place yourself in the hands of the five
iMlV' ' gi '-"I eSJT^ i 5 r^lfe doctors of this successful medical insti-
X S S =^r § j2^uE3 i tution. Each is a specialist for two or
rjL— — 'frHjL-^— j^[_ ;; j^L--JjK 'i more diseases; they have had many
JWe^map^tggg^iSjM^wiipgjM ; years of successful practice; they have
]^-F^*l 1| "^gj 1 % tr?*"^ I'll the largest institution of the kind in
SSSKjjCiI *a2:s iT3jt p^j S] « (t( tr VT r America and the best remedies, meth-
■j^pa^w^^R'V 'ii-^^ Established Xwenty=five Years.
English and German Expert Specialists,
131 MARKET STREET. •■ /TV m^
Consultation Free, \t^ ffj C-1 M
You can learn all about your physical *Wsnffi[ (X»t *w
condition by consulting the English and S^^^^>^ <fe^^ i*
German Expert Specialists. It will cost ' grßL^^jHw^^g^^^ W_ [.
you -I absolutely nothing, no y matter • ™n<!rVoffi /T^^£^\ d^ : yfekw
whether ? you take treatment or , not. *\^/:&f ; v\^Zfs/'r k>
: You cannot know too much about your : . X «-«> «e»| ■ V" I"""^^'''1 """^^ '''
ailment, and it is rare indeed that such , "^sr!£w! l^^*^^ I "^^ •' -
a,4 combination of skilled physicians .; i^^^^h\V "]) /itfS^^^k
offers to give, free of charge, the bene- nf'jlr :^*\ V' .^XSSii mT^ <1m
fit of their long years of study, research - WJW *^- ,^J ■J^ : ~!wT; .7; : l|ll
and experience. ; : ', .' iS^'* ***i ■v^i^L^^w'^rlwl^S 'SSS* Sf
English and German Expert Specialists, 1 m^
Old Number, 731 Market. nSj^pJwK jMWy^
- Houn— to 6: EvenJn«r», 7to 8; Bun(Jay», 9to ;-.-.; \)* T^'J/ ' \TU*^
&:- ZilutaM. Black «ik .----. kv:- ■ Aff- j
vorce were filed by Louise Muller against
Prank D. Muller on the ground of deser
tion; Emma A. Hanlon against Joseph A.
Hanlon on the ground of intemperance;
Robert A. Dunbar against Frcclerica Dun
bar on the ground of infidelity, and Ur
sula G. Herrman against Henry Herrman,
who complains of cruel treatment as a
cause of action; Prank L. Watson against
Clara Watson on the ground of desertion,
with $15 a month alimony to Mrs. Watson.
The Manners of Captain March
Of the Astor Battery
Described by Alice Rix
In Next Sunday's Call.
Anti-Civil Service.
The committee of arrang-ements for
the State convention of the Anti-Civil
Service Leagrue of California met last
night at B'nal B'rith Hall. The conven
tion will be held on June 29, at the same
place. Large delegations from all over
the State have signified their intentions
of attending. A resolution was adopted
inviting all opposing the civil service
principles to be delegates. The next regu
lar meeting will be held on Monday
evening.
OR INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale
Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS. MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending: and Cutting :
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder. Pres. Telephone Main 868. |
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE, j
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MCV7H CDDIVIi Proprietor. Send for meas- i
ibNZU JlKlnU ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion, 9 Geary St.. S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE. ,
riVTir C crUIUTII CD Bank. Office and Saloon '
INK aStIiIMULEK, Fittings, 1309 Market
st. Telephone South 267.
~ AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock Pit lID * ffl 11 Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. KILLIr tt WU- San Francisco.
" : i BELTING.
Pncf.ru Manufacturer of Beltine and
. F. lltUtW, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
~~~~~ BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, $65 and *75. Crescents. In Men's
and Ladies' $35. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street. .
~~ BOILER MAKERS.
. "»-«'/ ...y W. J. Brady's Patent
T| Fa DETACHABLE *
Jffc 4j MUD DRUM
S___^sfeyi for steam Bf>ner3 -
. Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAM FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,^
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery. ,
BOOKBINDERS.
T T) MnTWVDI? Bookbinder and Printer,
J. D. llllliUllUJ. 422 Commercial street, j
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUGH, GOLCHER & CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE. ■
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO., |
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH. '
Joseph Fox. Supt. H. Blyth. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs.M.H.OBER & ro^a^ytSJatgbi
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers; wigs; play- I
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1615. j
DENTIST.
PR- C V- RICHARDS, SE. corner Kearny.
DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St.: and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. .Telephone, Main 1372.
y ; DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. , s s o c n co s n t s da T n e d d isc^ ce n n i
r\ FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FIREWORKS.
• CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO. : only maker*
on the coast. 219 Front St.: tel. Front 38.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TIC RAVEC £ r(\ Shipping Butchers. 108
JAj- DUICJ ft til,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
™ ~ FLOUR.
NITIAVif Flour Mills. J. Martensteln _ Co.
ITAIIUnAL S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
_______________
hardware!
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters & Dealers
■* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
PCkicliMter'f English Diamond Brand. ,
ehnyroyaOills
-<SsT^v Orljflnal and Only Genuine. A
jr i/fl*J\ «*fe. tlwa.TS reliable. UkOiCSi«kiS\
I f'JiS tf-VIM Drugsisl for' CMchciter t English /Na-/BV_
fol*4Js^J«S\monJ Brand ia lied »aJ Hold mel»llic\\ar
T-v —^AMboxea. icaleJ with bine ribbon. ' Take VBf
■JM <&V<ru other. Refute dangeroui nhititu- V
I" / — Hint and imitation: Ai Dragjis;i. or lend 4».
I U JJf in i tamps for particular!, tettinioaltli ml
1 VV* B3 "litlltf for Ladlem," in letter, by rr torn
t »A. IF Malt 10,000 Trsttmoclals. Name Paper.
vv — ■*/ Cl>l<'»>«-«teFCiemlciilCo..MnilU(ni»<i««re^
i«ld by all L-v*i uni'jrliti. . W"«t ">\., I>A-
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S <>™*
f3s* Museum of Anatomy
JTsafsi IC6I MA2ZET ST. tat. 6th 4 7th, S . F. Cal.
B >$ B The Largest of Its kind In tbt World.
l|jt| DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
VPKW CL . Consultation free. TTriw for Book
1 vV f" Philosophy of Marriage.
a _ '. '. MAILED FRCC
The advertisement canvasser for a St. Louis daily paper says of
Ripans Tabules : " Ever since I can remember I have been troubled
with constipation in its severest form. So acute, in fact, at times, as
to produce dreadful headaches that, notwithstanding all the outdoor
work afforded me by ray vocation, and the latitude it allowed me to
test my pedestrian abilities — which is supposed to be a successful
manner of displacing constipation — I was very often compelled to
forego my pursuit of 'business.' Constipation with me seemed to 1
be hereditary rather thaa due to accidental causes, therefore much
harder to relieve. In my extremity I often resorted to most drastio
measures, but found no cure to be permanent. In 1892, while con-
nected with the Times of El Paso, Tex., Ripans Tabules were brought
to my notice, and I used them with marked success. Nowadays I
never suffer from 6uch severe cases of constipation, and the violent
headaches I formerly experienced never worry me in the least. Some-,
times, though, when I allow myself to lapse for a period into irreg- !
ular habits, I become slightly constipated, but by takipg the Tabulet
according to directions, my bowels again perform their function* ia a
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln St., S. F.
Wholesale and . Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of . Harness and dealers In Buggies;
. Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castinesof Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. •
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St.,
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.'
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely" of limes and lemons In bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sresovich Co., 521 Sansome st.
i — __^^___ _^__
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO., Agents, .
301 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFDMHADTI Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
MIL D-KINfIAKIJ st. Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMPTTC PULP AND PAPER co.,
IVILLHIYILI lE. 7 Montgomery Street. .
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOIiLER & CHASE,
2S and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FAT) Alf Agency. Reloading, developing, print-
—UUHAing. T. P. Andrews, 108 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS. <
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnME^TIP" P'e-eminently the machino- %
UUITILOIIU family use. 1021 Market str*_,
j - ■ near Sixth.
SOAP.
OP inpv * fft 123 California " tree
• ft, LUW _ tVi, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
| T^o gg d rr e a s pMc PARTRIDGE, 3 nla Ca s *
| THE HICKS-JUDD CO., my '&&. st
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms ru iC PI ICC Claus SpreckeU
407, 408 409, 410 vllA3 DLI JJ Bldg., 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
J £\ALiFORI*IA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors i
to Hawks & Shattuck. The tloine Industry
I House, DOS Clay st.
TYPEWRITERS.
J|g\ ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
j SwSjjiSj^ Few partly used for sale cheao.
j£JJjEjjft^ Send for samples and prices.
; L. 4 M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of ':
carriages, buggies, etc.: repairing done la
I first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear st. : tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
: THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. lain 1914.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON. 733 Market st.
Wholesale and retail Special 15-year-old
Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels building.
BATHING SUITS.
I U.U.O iUtft^/' 103 Post St.,
O.y.d j44wc/ upstairs,
'KNr'&J' ING CO. NearKearnySti
HEADQUARTERS FOR •
BATHING SUITS, SWEATERS.
Perfect Fitting
1 i Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear
. - . . , .— — ~-,
iiIIMMM
■ HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
' ; X Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Uloer«
lln Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOK KEM-
■ED COm 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-
; ■ CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital
■ S $500,000. Worst cases cured la L» to 35 days.
, i B 100-page book free. »
■ ~ V^^^^^^^^tr-im Is a non-poisonoa«
*» -n<CHajS_»sfiM v Bigr w Is a non-polsonon*
<<!^^^^^Vhfl remedy for Gonorrhcea,
, _fflr«DKEb^ Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
mß^f 1 to 5 dtyOfeJ White*, unnatural dli-
ZHKj Gu»r»nteed g| charges, or any inflamma-
, Httijl not v> stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
y> contagion. tion of mucous mem-
g?l>aTHEEyAN3CHEMir>t Co. Cranes. Non-astringent.
VMAC:NCINm!,O.B9R »old by l>ru«Uto,
HA USA _r="T or sent in plain wrapper,
Jk—Hk."'-™?- ll >' express, prepaid, for
rtClWfc IMTJfy'Bl $1.00, or 3 bottles, 12.75.
'•^aaagyE^v- "■ Circular B-nt on request.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat lower again.
Other Cereals neglected.
Hay and Feedstuff* about the same.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Lucol lower.
New prices for Candles.
Potatoes and Onions lower. Vegetables weak.
Butter and store Eggs declined. Cheese weak.
More Eastern Poultry In.
Peaches weak. Plums and Apricots steady.
Some nibbling at Dried Peaches and Aprloots.
Provisions unchanged.
Dressed Hogs coming In from the East.
Wool and Hops dull as usual.
Hides continue to sell well.
Grain Bags weak.
Fourteen failures last week.
Increased shipments of Wine.
SHIPMENTS OF WINE.
Shipments of Wine from this port during the
first five months of the year were 6,218,600 gal
lons, against 5.459,600 during the same time
last year.
GOLD PRODUCT OF THE WORLD.
In 1897 the total gold production of the world
was about $240,500,000, divided as follows:
United States, $61,500,000; Canada, $7,500 000-
Mexico, $10,000,000; Africa, $58,000,000: Australia,
Kl.000.005; India, $27,500,000, and Russia, $20.
000,000.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 14
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Ter
ritories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 15 for the previous week and IS for
the corresponding' week of 1897. The failures
for the past week are divided among the
trades as follows: 1 rubber company, 1 fruits,
1 extracts, 2 millinery, 2 liquors, 1 livery. 1
tens. 1 produce, 1 manufacturer boots and
shoes, 1 groceries and liquors, 1 terra cotta
works, 1 clothing.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 24, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 60; Fresno, 104; Los Angeles, SO; Red
Bluff, Hi 2; Independence. 90; San Diego, 6S;
Sacramento. 96; San Luis Obispo, 82; Yuma, 102.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 88;
minimum, 52; mean, 70.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the northern por
tion of the Pacific Slope. A well marked high
area overlies Oret»wn and Washington and Is
moving slowly eastward. It will cause moder
ately high north winds in the interior of Cali
fornia, with continued high temperatures.
The temperature has risen from 10 to IS de
grees over Central California and also over
T'tali. At Utah there has been a rise of 23
degrees In the past twenty-four hours.
No rain lias fallen on the Pacific Coast 6outh
of Fort Canby.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Bpoluuie, 26 miles per hour from the
southwest ; Eureka, 26, northwest.
Forecasts mad- at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 25, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; fog
along the coast in the morning; continued
warm weather: northerly winds In the Interior;
fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; warmer
alone the southern coast; northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
■with light fog In the morning; northerly
changing to fresh westerly winds: cooler.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
et G p. m— clear; wind northwest. 2 miles per
hour; temperature, S.": maximum, 86.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 24.— The stock market was
Irregular most of the day, the result of the
trading showing gains of slight fractions in.
ttv*t issues, but with several advances of a
point or more In securities which occupied a
conspicuous position In the day's trading, no
tably Tobacco, Brooklyn Rapid Transit and the
Northern Pacific shares. There was some cov
ering of shorts early and a little more outside
■buying on the assurance given in Washington
regarding Germany's attitude in the Philip-
pines.
There was some anticipation that Santiago
might capitulate In time for the market to be
supported by the heavy July disbursements.
Humors of an early settlement or' the trans
continental war were again responsible for the
■strength in Northern Pacific, which was
moderately supplied by London. The absorp
tion recently by a syndicate of Baltimore and
Ohio holding? of western Union, which re
moved the fear of these large holdings being |
thrown on the market, was used as a lever in '
raising that stock, but there was realizing
on the advance, causing the stock to sag off.
The decrease In St. Paul's weekly earnings,
the first since October, accounted for the
sluggishness in ths Grangers. A movement
against the shorts in Tobacco brought about a
. sharp advance In that specialty.
• Bonds displayed little feature to-day, but ex
hibited a very firm undertone, although there
was marked activity in some lines which have
recently posed as leaders. Sales were 12 -
450,000. , - ■
Bid quotations In Government bonds were un
changed, aside from a rise of V* in the new 4s.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 293,900
hares. Including: 4351 Atchlson preferred, 11.
6 CO C.i B. & Q., 5415 Manhattan. 9920 Missouri
Pacific, 16.400 Northern Pacific, 28,277 do pre
ferred; MOO Rock Island, 9100 St. Paul. 14,950
Vnlon Pacific preferred. 15,700 People's Gas, 23,
6"0 American Sugar; 3200 Tennessee Coal and
Iron, 8300 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% Do prefd .... 152
Do prefd 33% St P M & M 140.
Baltimore & Ohio 15% So Pacific 18%
Canada Pacific .. 53 7 So Railway 84
Canada Southern. 61 Do prefd 30 -
Central Pacific .. 13% Texas & Pacific 11%
Ches & Ohio 23 Union Pac prefd. 60%
(In & Alton 157 UP D& G 7%
Chi B & Q 105% Wabash 7
Chi ci B i 11...... 59 Do prefd .... 19
CCC &St L.. v 41T4 Wheel & L E..... 1%
• Do prefd 88 Do prefd '. 104
Del & Hudson — 109 . Express Companies—
Del L & W 154 Adams Ex 100
Den & R G 12 American Ex .... 126
Do prefd 50% United States .... 40
Erie (new) 13' i Wells Fargo ..... 122
Do, Ist prefd ZV'r. Miscellaneous— '■■ ■-. '-'
Fort Wayne 168 A. Cot Oil 21%
Gt Nor prefd 176 Do prefd 73%
Hocking Valley... 6% Amn Spirits . 144
Illinois Central .. 104% Do prefd 37
Lake Erie & \Y... 15 Am Tobacco ..... 117 Vi
Do prefd 71 Do prefd 120
Lulii- Shore ISS People's Gas ..... 95%
. Louis & Nash - 52% Cons Gas 166
Manhattan L 103*4 'Jom Cable Co 170
Met St I'.y 159% 'ol F & Iron 21%
Mich Central ... 104% Do pre 80
; Minn & .St L 27% ;.n Electric 374
Do Ist preid.... 90 Illinois Steel 56' i
Mo Pacific-.; 30% Laclede Gas 454
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Lead ........; 34
Ho X & T 11% Do prefd 1064
Do prefd 33%|Nat Lin Oil ..... 15%
Chi Ind & L i)\i')r Imp Co 29
DO prefd 30 Pacific Mail ..... 29Vi
, N J Central 14% Pullman Palace... 1914
NY Central ..... US'*, .Silver Certificates 59
N V Chi & St L. 12% Stand It & T...... 64
Do Ist prefd 67 Sugar 130
Do 2d prefd.... 30 Do prefd ........ 11l
Nor West 14 T C & Iron 244
No'Amer Co.. 6*4. U S Leather ..... 7%
No Pacific 29?* Do prefd ........ 65%
Do prefd ........ 70y; U S Rubber < 23%
Ontario & W. 15 . Do prefd 85
DX & N 60 West Union ..... 94
Or Short Line 28 C & N■ W. ....... 125%
Pittsbun? 170 Do prefd .......; 171
Reading ....:......» 18% St L & S W 5%
Do Ist prefd.... 45% Do prefd 11
Rock Island ..... 106% R G W .."•;......: 29
St L& B F 7% Do prefd ........ «1
Da Ist prefd.... 61 Haw Com Co .... 24
Do M prefd.... 28% Chi .'i W 14%
'-• Paul : 99% Brooklyn R T... EM
Dei preM 143 Union Pacific .... 23%
Bt P & Om ... 76
CLOSING BONDS.
I" new 4s reg.. 125% N Carolina 65.... 325
Do coup ........ 125% Do 48 ...: 106
U S 4s 110% No Pac lsts 115
Do coup 112 Do 3s • .-... 62%
Do 2ds 95 Do 48 9S
U S 6s reif 312% X V C & St I. 4s. 104%
, Do f,s coup 112% Nor & W Gs 121
■ District 3.63s 115%'Nortftwstrn cop«. 142.
Ala class" A 110 I Dorleb 5s . . > . 116%
Do B.: 105 O Nay lsts .116
Do C ........... 90 |O Nay 4s ......... mt
■ DO Currency ... 90 |O S Line 6s tr.... 126
Atchison 4s ...... .S3H O S Line 5S5 S tr.... 106%
Do adj 4s. .>..... 66% O Imp lsts tr.... 114 -
Can So 2d5:...... 108% Do H tr..; . gnu
Chi Term 45...... 86% Pacific 6s of 85... 101
C & Ohio r.s 114% Reading 4b ....... 56%
C H& D Vis:... 104% RG W 15t5...... 90 •
D A R <: 15t5..... 106% St L & I M C ss. 95
D'& R C, 45....... 94% St L & S P G 6s. 120
- East : Term- Jsts.. 107% St P Con 145
Erie Gen 45:..:... 74% St P C & P lsts.. 120%
'F W& D lsts tr. 73% Do 5b ........... 116%
Gen Elec 5s 103 So Ry 6s 95%
D II & S A 65.... 105 Stand R & T 65... 69
Do 2ds .102 Term new set 3s. 91
■II & T C 65..:... l'O T&P L O Istß.. 105%
T>o con 6a....... 104 . Do Rf 2d5...V.. 38»4
lowa C 15t5.'..'.... 100% Union Par 4s '95%
La new cons 45.. 100 UP D & G lsts.. .' 62%
l 7& N I'nt 45.... SO Wab Ist 5f1.. ....... 110%
Hlsosurl 6a .:..... l' n Do 2ds ........'..; Ss>4
• OLK & T 2d5 . . . . . 63% W Shore 4s ... . . . 10->%
-Bte'4s ........: SS'ti Va" Cenmries ... "7»%
D y Central lsts. • 118% •Do deferred ... 5
QBC:. .......... 114% U P prefd........ 60%
MINING STOCKS.
-Chollar .': J 05 Ontario ...'. 2 50
Crown Point •"..... • 04jOph!r .;.. 20
Con Cal & Va.... .24 Plymouth .;..;... 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry 07 1 Do prefd 250
Hale & NorcroßS. 60 Sierra Nevada ... 60
Homestake 45 00 Standard 1 60
Iron Silver 6-S Union Con 12
Mexican 05 Yellow Jacket ... 12
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 24.— Atchison. 13; Bell Tele
phone, 274; Burlington, 1051*,; Mexican Central,
4%; Oregon Short Line, ; San Diego, .
MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 24.— Close— Money on call
easy at l'glVi per cent; last loan, I^4 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 3@4 per cent; sterling
exchange firm, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 85V4 for demand and $4 83M?
4 84 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 $o@4 85^
and $4 S6H@4 S7; commercial bills, $4 83; silver
certificates, 59$j60c; bar silver, 59Vgc; Mexican
dollars, 459ic; Government bonds, strong;
State bonds, dull; Railroad bonds, firm.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, June 24.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Early In the pres
: ent week the speculation degenerated Into a dull
professional affair. Prices sagged off without
much animation being shown and later on ral
lied under manipulation directed against the
short Interest, which had apparently attained
considerable proportions. At the close of the j
week a stronger tone appeared In the favorable j
crop advices from the West and a belief that
the occupation of Santiago would lead ,to an
early peace. There was a lack of public par
ticipation throughout and the market became
professional in quality, while Europe has
hardly been an appreciable factor. The dull
ness and sagging tendency are ascribed to a
number of influences. The concentration of at
tention upon the Government bond issue has
been one of the chief of them, though the suc
cess of the popular subscription and the ab
sence of any disturbance in the money market i
from that cause tend to deprive it of further
force. It may. indeed, be noted that the mar
ket for railroad bonds has been exceptionally
strong and that good demand for investments
has asserted itself, extending from the high I
grade bonds to Issues of a secondary grade.
The market, however, could hardly fall to i
be chilled, temporarily at least, by the ap- !
proaching Influence of the stamp duties of the
war revenue bill, which affects Stock Ex
change dealings, loans of money and transac
tions in foreign exchange with more or less
severity. In fact, as regards the stock market, i
there is some trepidation shown as to whether
or not the institution of a tax of $2 per 100 |
chares will not tend to reduce public interest. j
The Exchange has, it is true. taken the matter j
boldly, and resolved that the customer, and
not the broker, shall be charged with the tax, j
and it remains to be seen whether the addi- |
tional cost to speculative transactions will be j
disregarded or not. It would seem that specu
lative Interests have been somewhat discour
aged by the declines In the price of grain and
the conflicting accounts of the crop results and !
prospects. The bull movement of prices dur- J
ing the past year has had for its foundation I
the high prices at which American breadstuffs
sold and the heavy foreign demand for them.
Consequently the drop in prices and . the per
sistent stories of damage to the crops have \
had more or less effect, particularly as they ;
are accompanied by indications that Western j
railroad earnings will not compare favorably I
with those of the last few months, when the j
exceptionally heavy grain movement was In |
progress. In fact, it Is claimed that this was
the cause for the stoppage of bullish support j
and manipulation in some of the prominent I
railroad stocks and the hesitating tone the
market assumed as soon as doubts as to the
crop began to appear. The rally later on was.
Indeed, based on the apparent fallacy of the
crop damage stories.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 24.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
The stock markets h«*re continue quiet, the
only feature to-day being a sharp rise in Span
ish 4's and a heavy fall In Grand Trunks, the
latter due to the poor traffic report. Amer
icans were featureless. Baltimore and Ohio
common stock was sold heavily, but closed
above the worst.
The rise in Spanish 4's to-day was due to
bears covering on the advertisement by the
Spanish Government of a decree which com
pels the stamping of bonds prior to the 30th
of June in order to obtain payment of the July
coupon in cash. The question now raised in
the market is whether in the future only such
stamped bonds shall be, deemed good for de
livery here — a question which naturally alarms
the bears and will affect further International
dealings in Spanish bonds.
LONDON, June 24—4 p. m.— Canadian Pa
cific. S6Vi; Grand Trunk. 8; bar silver steady,
27»4d: money, He P«r cent.
LONDON, June 24. — Spanish fours closed at
34\. a net gain of IH
PARIS, June — Spanish fours closed at
34%, a net gain of 1 9-16.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 24.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14.900 barrels; exports, 26,930 barrels. Inactive
and easier. • ,
WHEAT— 159,900 bushels; export*,
7SO,i>oo bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 83c f. o.
b. afloat, 81c car lots. Options opened weak
under disappointing cables and crop S news.
They rallied on higher closing Paris cables,
but were finally depressed by rumors of a fail- |
ure in the grain trade, closed %@lV»c net lower;
No. 2 red July, 78%&7S'*4c, closed 79c. >^-;
HOPS-Qulet. rv"-,v
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— WhiIe Lead continues to show a
fair amount of strength, a reaction is noted in
Tin. Other departments are dull and generally
featureless. At the close the Metal Exchange
calls:
PIGIRON— dull; $6 60 bid and $6 85
LAKE COPPER— DuII; $11 bid and $13
asked.
TlN— Easier: $15 15 bid and $15 25 asked.
SPELTER— NominaI: $5 bid and $5 25 asked.
LEAD— Steady; $3 95 bid and $4 asked. The
firm fixing the settling price for miners and
smelters quotes Lead at $3 75.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points net lower. Sales. 5730 bags, Includ
ing July $5 50. Spot Coffee— Rio, dull, nominal;
No. 7 invoice. 6^ic; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild—
Quiet; Cordova, 8%@13»4c; narrow jobbing
SUGAR— Raw, dull and barely steady; fair
refining, 3%e; centrifugal, 96 test, 4Vic. Refined
—Quiet.
NEW YORK, June 24.— BUTTER— Receipts,
6000 packages. Steady; Western creamery, 13V4
@17c; Elgins. 17c; factory. 11©11% C.
EGGS — Receipts, 3642 packages. Steady;
Western, 12<gi2V_-c.
DRIED FRUITS.
. NEW YORK, June i 24.— California Dried
Fruits, quiet. - . . '
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6®Sc;
prime wire tray. 9®9Hc; wood dried prime, 9>4e;
choice. 9Hc: fancy, 10c. |
PRUNES— 4@4»/4c.
APRICOTS— B>4@loc; Moorpark, 10@
12c.
PEACHES— s@9c; peeled, : 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 24.— A decline at Liverpool,
where an advance was expected on the rise
here yesterday, started wheat weak. Septem
ber opened at from 67% c down to 67% c and slid
off to 67% c in a very few minutes, the latter
showing %@lc decline ". from yesterday's final
price. - There were plenty of buyers iat the.
concession .:' so . readily offered ; and there was
soon enough of It .to ' cause a : quick recovery
to 67% c. In addition to the ; bearish influence
of lower foreign markets was the perfect con
dition of . the ' weather throughout the : region
where harvesting is in progress. Accounts of
crop prospects ■ from • the spring wheat region
were of the most encouraging- kind. On this
news the selling sentiment dominated and
prices sagged. The market continued to drop
on . advices from St. Louis and seven ■- cars of
v No. 2 red had arrived there. The trade was
more or less nervous over Armour's position.
Ills larc<- Interest in cash wheat led . ninny
to think that he might undertake to manipulate
the futures in the , bull interest. . The selling
was rather cautious and more in the way of
liquidation than In short selling. The lowest
prices of the day were • made near the close.
July left oft l%c lower and September l&@l?4c
lower. .
Fine weather caused a drop at the start.
Holders of puts bought on the break and. pre
vented any further decline during the first
half of the - session. - Later, when wheat be
came heavy, corn followed, closing *A@%c
lower.
Lack of cash demand and the other declines
weakened oats. July closed with . a loss iof
%@%c. - ■ - -'■•■ '■ ■ : '■■ ' ' ■' - '"•■" -
Provisions were weak with the coarse grains.
A large cash business • was : reported to have
been done In ribs for domestic consumption.
Pork and lard ■■ closed • 2^c lower and ribs un
changed.
'.;■.; The leading futures ranged as fallows: .
Article— - Open. ' High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
June 82 82 80 80
July 74 74% 73 73
September 67»* 67% ' 6fi% 66%
December 07% 67% 67V4 C 7%
Corn, No. 2—
July .. 3214 32V4 • 32 - 32^
September 33>4 3"H 32\ ■ 3214
December ;......... 33>£ 33?; '■ 33',i S3V4
Oats, No. 2—
July-.......:.......". 23% -23% 23 23
September.......... 20 % 21 20& 20%
Mess ' Pork, ' per bbl— V " ,
July 1'.".". r..'..vr... 953 956 945 ; 950
. September ..... . ... 965 970 . 9 C2H 8 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
Ju1y................. 6 62H 565 5 82% 665
September:....::... 675 ' 577V4 6 721| 676
•>'. Short Ribs, ; per 100 Its — *'- .
July ................ 6 37% 540 5 37% -5 40-
September ......... 545 : 550 ;6; 6 35 ■1 6 47%
• Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and unchanged; No.' 2 . spring , wheat, < 66i@»jSc;
No." 3 spring : wheat. 62fi72c; No. 2 red. 75c; No.
2 corn, 32% c; No. 2 oats, 24Uc; No. 2 white,
27%(525c; No. 3 white, 26V-@27c; No. 2 rye, 43c;
No. 2 barley, 30@35c; No. 1 flaxpeed, $1 07: mess
pork, -pcr ■ bbl. $9 Solg^ 65; ." lard, per 100 rbs,
[ $; 62'/i®s 67!*; short ribs - sides ' (loose), $5 25@
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1898.
0 60; , dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 75@5;
short clear sides (boxed), $5 65@5 85. ■ ,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls .....4,700 2.700
Wheat, bush 3,500 . 8,300
Corn.- bush 248,300 211,800
Oats, bush 250,700 242.700
Rye, bush 700 2,500
Barley, bush ...800 -■■-
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, ■ 14^16c; dairies,
- m&dlS'ic - Eggs, steady: fresh, 10',£c.
-
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 12,780 44,250 !
Duluth .. 46.103 40,728 |
Milwaukee 5,200
Chicago 3,500 8.318
Toledo :.... ' 7.941 6.600
St. Louis : 6,000 1.000
Detroit 1.354 1.655 !
Kansas City 12,500 . . 9.500
Totals .. 96,408 111,049
Tidewater — .
Boston 50.205 53 251;
New York ..-. 198,878 780.883 ,
Philadelphia 34 3,935 ;
Baltimore .;.... 8,455
New Orleans 49,900 i
Galveston ....:....... 550 23,949 j
Totals 256.122 911,918 j
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— V- 1 : 1 June. Sept.-Dec. j
Opening 66 60 46 20;
Closing 56 90 47 20
Flour-i-
Opening 26 35 2120 j
Closing 26 85 2160
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 7 6 11% 59%
Closing 66H 5 11% 6 914
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET
CHICAGO, June 24.— CATTLE— Trade wm
fairly good In cattle to-day, and prices were
steady. Choice steers, $4 80@5 25; medium, J
$4 nOt 60; beef steers, $4 15@4 25; stockers and
feeders, $3 60<g>4 85; bulls, $2 80@4; cows and j
heifers. $3 15@4; calves, $3 25@7; Western j
steers, $4 20@4 90.
HOGS— Were about 5c lower. Fair to choice, j
$3 85JT3 95; packers, $3 70®3 82: butchers, $3 75 '
1 (5*3 92; mixed, $3 70@3 90; light, $3 60<j?3 87;
■ piers, $2 60(S-3 75.
SHEEP— With an excellent demand for de
! sirable sheep, and despite the greatly Increas
ed receipts, prices were unchanged. Native i
sheep, $4 50@5 25; ewes. $3 75(54 10; spring ,
i lambs, $6@6 85; shorn lambs and yearlings,
i $3 7f>@6.
Receipts— Cattle, 8000; hogs, 83,000; sheep, j
I 9000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2300.
' Market stea<Jv to weak. Native beef steers,
I U'M 90; Western steers, $3 9Org4 60; cows and |
i heifers, $3 Go@4 50; stockers and feeders, weak, ]
I ?4 ;4 85.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000. Market 5c lower.
Heavy, $3 65f53 75; mixed, $3 65<{?3 70; light, $3 60 i
©3 85; bulk of sales. $3 65«?3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 500. Market steady. Fair
: to choice natives. $3 40®4 70; do Westerns, I
! $3 80@4 60; common, $3 50<g4 50; lambs, $4 50® ■
1 6 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, June 24— CATTLE— Receipts.
500. Market steady. Native steers. $3 80<g4 90;
native cows and heifers. $2@4 65; stockers and !
j feeders, $3 25<g4 75; bulls. $3 2("i<4.
HOGS— Receipts, IO.OiX). Market steady, clos- !
! ing a little weak. Bulk of sales, $3 75@3 95: j
; heavy, $3 80® 4; packers, $3 70<ff3 90; mixed, (3 65
i (53 90; lights. $3 o&&3 70; yorkers, $3 66@3 70;
: pigs, $3 30®3 60.
! SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 60c_i 6 60; muttons, $3 50@6.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 24.— Consols, 111 3-18; Silver,
27^d; French Rentes, 102f 60c.
LIVERPOOL. June 24.— Wheat, dull; cargoes !
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, i
firmer; English country markets, generally Id |
cheaper; French country markets, dull ; Liver- j
pool Wheat. No. 1 California, 7s 9d®>7s lOd; j
Wheat in Paris, firm.
COTTON-Uplands, 3 7-I*3.
LIVERPOOL. June 24.— WHEAT— Futures j
closed quiet; July, 6s 6^d; September, 5s l%d; |
December, 5s 9** d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, June 24.— CORN— Spot mixed,
new, quiet. 3s IVi'l; July, 3s l\d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter dull, 10a.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. June 24.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail- j
able cash balance, $190,1C3,521; gold reserve,
$165,678,097.
COTTON MARKET. .
NEW ORLEANS, June 24.— COTTON— Easy;
middling. 6c,
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. June 24.— Porter Bros. Company
sold to-day at open auction California Fruit
at the following prices:
Plums — Burbanks, Suc<ss2 85, single crates;
Sntsumas. $1 43; Clymans. 85cf?$l 45: Abund
ance, 90oiff$l 30; St. Catherines, 75@90c; Japan,
60c. Prunes— Tragedy?, $1 25igl 83. single I
crates. Slmonl. $1 Wall 46. Apricots— Royals,
70c<5$l 30. Cherries— Red Crops, $1 35 per box;
Republicans, 65c(§$l 55; Royal Annes, 55cjf$l,
others, 55tfj65c. Peaches — Alexanders, 45c@$l 10
I per box; Uiatos, 90c<ff$l 10; Governor Garlands,
85c; Hale' s Earlys, 65(ff85c; St John's, 65c.
CHICAGO, June 24.— Prunes— Simonl, $1 35®
1 55. single crates. Apricots— Royals, 3f>C?j $1 10,
single crates. Plums — Clymans, sCcigsl, single
crates; Royal Hatlves, 35@75c. Peaches — Brlggs
May, 554i70c per box; Alexanders, 15<j»70c;
Hale's Earlys, 40@65c. Cherries— Royal Annes,
3(>casl 30; Centennials, I0o«?$i 2.1; Black Re
publicans, $1 20; fancy, $1 05; Tartarlans. 10®
70c.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
fruit to-day at auction, realizing the following
prices:
PHILADELPHIA, June 24.— Apricots— Royal.
70c$Jl 10; average, 85c. Peaches — Alexander,
average, 67c; Hale's Early, average, 55c. Plums
—St. Catherine. 77c; Royal Hatlve. 84c; two
cars sold.
BOSTON, June 24.— Alexander peaches, aver
age, 61c; Royal Anne cherries, 33(9>95c; aver
age, 76c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. June 24.— Exchanges, $180,578;
balances, 123,052.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. June 24.— "Wheat dull and un
changed. Walla Walla, 6Off6lc; valley, 63c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 24. — Exporters figure on new
wheat hovering near G(>e, with 7Offi72c asked for
old wheat and no takers.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, June 24.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Reflection of the advanced stage
of the season Is found In a perceptible quiet
ing down of distributee trade in many parts
of the country, and accompanying this have
been announcements of the fixing of periods
of annual shut downs in many industrial lines,
but significant of the changed conditions which
now animate and control business, an com
pared with corresponding periods In previous
years, are the continued large gair.s In the
volume of bank clearings over preceding years,
quite favorable reports from most of the coun
try's leading industries, notably Iron and steel,
in which next year's wage scales are being
adjusted with unexampled ease, comparatively
heavy exports of cereals and the products from
most of the leading ports, and rather less than
the usual shading of prices common at this
period of the year as the result of the advance
into the midsummer period. Following 'the
demoralisation In wheat prices come a more
steady tone and the growth of a feeling that
perhaps the "bear" movement In prices may
be overdone as was the "bull" movement,
which culminated a month ago.
With the exception of a rather spotted con
dition of the whole crop in different States,
chiefly as the result of too much moisture, the
crop situation in the country, as a whole, has
rather improved. Less is h^nrd of extravagant
wheat crops, Tiut the production of a crop of
wheat In excess of all previous totals Is ex
pected.
The iron situation has not developed suffi
ciently to allow of any very pronounced fore
casts of next season's business. Concessions
made by employers, however. In this line would
seem to Indicate confidence In a continuance
of a large business at least at prevailing prices,
which. It should not be forgotten, are in numer
ous instances higher than they were a year
ago.
The tone of cotton manufacturing has quite
perceptibly Improved, this being due perhaps
nn one hand to the placing of large amounts of
bleached goods at price concessions and to the
development In some degree of the Eastern
demand for summer fabrics. Less satisfaction
is expressed In the woolen goods trade, and
business here Is classed as slow and unprofit
able, with raw woo! reflecting dullness in
manufacturing and In unchanged Eastern quo
tations.
Carpal exports are . somewhat; e mailer
than :In : recent „ weeks, but ' are still ■:■■ In * excess
of preceding; years. Wheat shipments; for; the
week a?Kresate ' 3,799,470 bushels.'v as :< against
4.39R.000 . bushels s last I week, v ii but | compared- with
2.156.000 bushels Jn this week a year ago, 2,233,
000 bushels in ; 1896. . 1.946,000 bushels in 1895 and
1,975,000 bushels ' in ; 1854. : • Corn r exports ; show i a
very - slight * falling .- off, ;f aggregating -< for .5 •: th«
week 8.902,521 bushels, against 4.106,000 bushels
last week, 2.2?l.OO0 bushels a year ago. 1.236,
bushels in 1596 and 884,000 bushels in 1895. *'■;-," 7
, Business failures : for ■. the week : In ; the , United
States ' are < abnormal, numbering 220. , as com
pared with '2o7: last week,: 2ls this week a year
ago. 218 in 1896 and 215 in ; 1895. "  .--■ - ■■
Business; failures; in the Dominion of Canada
this week number. 19. as . compared with 19 last
week, 17 In this wek a year, ago, "i 19 In 1896 and
28 in 11595.. •.;,- ';'::.- ' : ■■::-;,.-V ;'-■; y- .■■.-■
DUN 1 REVIEW. .■
, NEW TORK, June 24.— R. a. " Dun A . Co.'s !
( Weekly Review of ; Trade ; will ' say In ■ to-mor
row's issue: Very little of the new business
seen. In proportion to the aggregate, has been
caused by the war. Not any, discoverable by
ordinary tests, has been prevented by war.
Neither hat the collapse of the wheat specula
tion caused the excessive relative decrease of
shipments, for exports continue remarkably
large. Gold comes or does not come, as we
want it, the world's markets being evidently
at our command. An offering of bonds by the
Government brings out at the start bids for
more than three times the amount offered,
while the popular subscription already for
three-quarters of the amount exhibits in strong
light the confidence of the people.
Wheat ceased to fall and begins to rise in
price because foreigners' needs are not yet
satisfied. Atlantic exports for the week were,
wheat and Hour Included, 3,246,2*15 bushels,
against 1,445,947 last year; Pacific exports, 517,
152 bushels, against 57,059 last year, and the
demand is not of a speculative character. The
world's need of grain is greater than ever and
213,821,567 bushels of wheat and 207,317,483 bush
els of corn have gone abroad already, with a
week to spare, far more than, was ever before
exported in one year. After falling to 80c for
cash and 77\c for July wheat rose to 83c for
cash and 79c for July, with foreign demand.
Corn was steady without much fluctuation,
exports being 2,574,723 bushels for the week,
against 1,660.922 last year. Of other grain ex
ports have been unusually heavy.
The industries, at the season when stoppages
are to be expected, maintain production sur
prisingly. There are very few interruptions on
account of labor and wage scales for the com
ing year have nearly all been amicably set
tled. The iron Industry is very dull at the
East, with the complaint that prices do not
rise, but at Pittsburg and the West the works
are getting more business constantly and are
even competing so sharply that prices are
slightly lower for bars, cut nails, steel rails
and gray forge, while Southern iron is also
offered lower there than at the East.
The enormous demand from agricultural re
gions for implements, fencing, cars, railway
equipment and all sorts of building is the new
feature of this remarkable year. Minor metals
are fairly steady, with tin at 15.2 c, lake copper
at 11.75 c, with 22,741 tons produced in the
United States' and 6486 abroad in May. and
lead is strong at 3.95 c, with only moderate
transactions.
Wool Is stronger a shade, 100 quoted by
Cates Brothers, averaging 18. 20, against 18.64 c
June 1, but because of Western demands,
which are relatively 4c above prices which
manufacturers will pay, excepting to fill, im
mediate orders. As the future of the trade is
In doubt, though with more hopeful prospects,
sales of wool have been, in three weeks, only
11,695,300 pounds at the three chief markets,
against 29.585,100 in the same weeks last year
and 23.728,200 In the same weeks of 1892. Cot
ton has weakened 3-16 c, with excellent crop
prospects, but a larger demand for goods 19
seen, though not as yet enough to cause any
advance in prices. Reports of distribution are
generally encouraging.
Failures for the week have been 285 In the
United States, against 216 last year, and 11 in
Canada, against 24 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, June 24.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
June 23, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year;
Percentage
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York J651.955.232 24.4
Bostop 87.062.174 25.7
Chicago 102.310.024 30.9
Philadelphia 67.142.055 16.6
St. Louis 25.577,690 .... 6.0
Pittsburg 22.291.520
Baltimore 16.172.9.'3 22.8
San Francisco 12.628.116 23.7
Cincinnati 18.575.300 12.3
Kansas City 10.C3fi.053 27.7
New Orleans 6.431.583 19.2
Minneapolis 6.546.030 14.9 ....
Detroit 6.305,764 15.6 ....
Cleveland 7,825.408 26.7
Louisville 6,n52.363 16.1-
Provldence 4.5MU00 .... 4.9
Milwaukee 4.777,609 21.2
St. Paul 4.267,694 23.8
Buffalo 5,950,K7
Omaha 5.595.747 92.5
Indianapolis 6.545,205 4.1
Cwlumbus, 0 3.129,300 .... 1.2
Savannah 1,i,54.548 12.0
Denver 2,463,0r>0 1.1
Hartford 1.963.5«2 17.4
Richmond 2.355,008 21.0
Memphis 1.231.333 17.1
•\Vn-Mhlngton 1.939.299 .... 1.8
Peorla 1.557,593 3.4
Rochester 1.543.50) 12.6
New Haven 1.436.754 3.6
Worcester 1.354,051 2.8
Atlanta 1.iC3. 147 .... 2.7
Salt Lake City 1.492.426 17.1
Springfield, Mass.. 1.335.391 11.0
Fort Worth 1,651.019 27.4 ....
Portland. Me 1.254.456 2.3
Portland. Or 1.411.670 32.7
St. Joseph 2.90H.816 139.6
Los Angeles 1.361.469
Norfolk 999.600 19.3 ....
Syracuse 1.023.254 24.2
Dea Molnes 1,106,931 33.9
Nashville 778.898 .... 13.6
Wilmington, Del.. 744.133 20.9
Fall River 636.244
Scranton 9R244 26.3
Grand Rapids 836.135 31.0
Augusta, Ga 051.2H3 10.4
Lowell 625.99S 36.7
Dayton, O 757.393 31.3 ....
Seattle 1,146.148 101.3
Tacoma 771.179 18.6
Spokane 902.590 100.0
Sioux City 713.551 24.6
New Bedford 443.867 .... ....
Knoxville, Term... 466.7N8 2.4
T«.|.fka 421. Ml .... 11.9
HirtnlnKhum 4*2.366 11.0
Wichita 447.148 11.4
Binghamton 332.700 21.3 ....
Lincoln 3C5.932 U-6
Lexington. Ky 3U.l"fi2 20.5
Jacksonville, Fla.. 154.704 2.2
Kalamazoo 3n<5.134 25.0
Akron 3f'7.500 9.2
Bay City 220.287 41.9
Chattanooga 343,674 21.6
Rorkford. 11l 235.613 14.9
Canton, 0 217.500 23.2
Springfield. 0 145.4W 19.4
Fanro N. D 205.980 43.3
Si-nix Falls, S. D.. 33.554 .... 87.7
Hastings. Neb 102.117 13.3
Fremont. Neb 69,408 13.1
Davenport 763.272 22.0
•Toledo 1,715.735 25.1
Galveston 8.205,300 49.9
•Houston 4.70fi.:23
•Youngstown 335.511 .... ....
•Macon 430. 000
•Evansville 7G5.577
•Helena 537.927
Totals. U. 5.... 51.150, 533, 163 17.4
Totals outside New
York 468.59J.911 8.7
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,876,035 43.1
Toronto 8,276,672 57.5
Winnipeg 1.616,1«3 63.9
Halifax 1,065.541 14.7
Hamilton 627.421 36.6 ....
St. John, N. B 617,416 3.0
Totals $25,979,248 48.2
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. ,
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 85
Sterling Exchange. 60 days ; — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 487%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20 -
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce • — 69%
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— shippers will operate on the
basis of the ' uotations below, but hiders will
not let go at them, bo ..there is no ] business.
Milling descriptions are lower, and futures are
off anohter notch, with a dull. market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 '-2%@1 25; milling,
$1 35@1 46 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
80C0 ctls. $1 27; 8000,' $1 26%: 16,000, $1 26%; : '
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls. $1 26%.
Regular , morning i December— 24,ooo
ctls, $1 26; 12,000, $1" 25 7
Afternoon December— 6ooo ctls, $1 25%;
26,000. $1 25%; 20.000.- $1 ; 25%. , : '
BARLEY— ■ are : holding : off and , sales
are few and of ; a jobbing ; character. Futures
continue to decline. -i
Feed, $1 12%<fJ)l 15. Brewing nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— sales.
Second , session— No sales. > i. . " ;
Regular morning December— 4ooo ctls,
U 14Vi;;8000, $1 14%; 6000, $1 14 2000, ■$1 14%.
Afternoon session— December— ctls, $1 14%.
OATS— Offerings,', though ; not '■ large, are neg
lected. .-No change In prices.: ,: .
Fancy Feed, $1 -35@1 : 40 -per ctl; good to
choice, $1 30©>l 35; common. ■■ $1 2501 27%: Sur
prise.. « ttHOl 40; ' gray,; $1 25@1 32%: milling,
U 32'Viil 37%.per ctl. ■ ■ _ ";: . .
-■ CORN— Business ; continues -at a standstill.
Quotations unchanged.-
Small round yellow, $l'2s®r 30: large yellow,
$1 05@l 07%; white, $1 02%@l 05 per ctl; mixed,
$102i4@l 65. < /• •.  ■
- RYE— Is neglected at $1-25 per ctl. .
BUCKV"KAT— SI V 751g>l ■So ; per ', ctl. ■; V
. FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS. /,:
■ FLOUR— Family^ extras, $5 25@5 35; '. bakers
extras, $5<??5 10 per barrel. '■'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices Jin c sacks are . as fol
lows,"; usual 'i discount ;' to ij the ; ; trade: |v Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour.; $2 75 per 10C;
Rice ; Flour, •' $7; ■ Cornmeal, $2 ; 50; extra ; cream
Cornmeal,. $3 ,25; ' Oatmeal, v $4' 25: Oat Groats,
$4 '50 - Hominy, $3 25^3 : 50; ' Buckwheat Flour, $4
f}4 r 25; ; Cracked Wheat.'- $3 ; 75: Farina, $4 50;
Who'" Wh.at ■ Flour. $3 , £.0; : Rolled . Oats (bar
rels), $5 So®* 26: In sacks, r i $5 : Gs@6 • 05; Pearl
Barley,: 55; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, U SO
per . 100 . lbs.  ___
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF?.
;-Y; -Y The : : market ; is i without material ." '■' change,
though several - slight alterations will be - ob
served. ) Receipts . are ', light , and : buyers '[ con
tinue to hold off. J Feedstuffs are ' the ; same. v : -
"BRAN— SI.V»I6 per ton. ;
MIDDLINGS— t2O(ff>" per ton.
• FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed s. Barley, : $23 per ton;
Oilcake Meal -at I the , mill. , $31ff 31 - 50; - jobbing.
$32@32 ■* 50: ■< Cocoanut I Cake. ?24@25; ? Cottonseed
Meal. ?J2S@3O; pcr s> ton; Cornmeal. $23©23 50-
Cracked Corn, - $24@24 : 50. ■-.-' '«.,.,.„'
HAY i (Ex-car >In round ' Wheat. $20022 •
Wheat and Oat. $l@2l; Oat, 1 $16 50@lg 60; Bar
lay, ■; —; * Compressed ■, Wheat, ->. $21@24; / Com
pressed Oat. $15@18; Alfalfa, $12@12 BO; Clover.
: Timothy. $13015.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $16@18 50; Wild Oat, $14
@16: Barley, ; Island Barley, $12® 14; Alfalfa,
$11 50<&12 50.
STRAW— 6O@9Sc T*»r bale.
BEANS AND 8EBD&
Beana are dull and nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@3; Small Whites. $1 76
@1 80; Large Whites, $1 65@1 75: Pinks, $2 60®
2 70; Reds, $2 80@3; Blackeye, $3<g>3 25; Butters,
$1 80@2; Limas, $2 80®. 90; Pea, $1 70@l 90; Red
Kidneys. $2 50^2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4@4 25 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4@4 25: Flax, $2 20; Canary
Seed, 2V;i?i2^c per tl>"; Alfalfa. 3@6c: Rape, 2%©
2&c; Hemp, 2%<[j3c; Timothy, s<@i>hic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $2@
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are lower and In good
supply.
Tomatoes are higher, but otherwise the ten
dency in Vegetables Is downward.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, B<§>loc per lb; Green
Peppers, 6<gloc; Tomatoes, 60<g75c per box.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 37H@45c in sacks
and 40i@50c in boxes for Early Rose, and 40<tf60c
In sacks and .jOiJCSoc in boxes for Burbanks.
ONIONS— New, 40@50c per ctl for red and 75
@90c for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 50@2 00 for ex
tra large, $l<ffl 25 per box for No. 1, 60<§i75c for
small; Rhubarb, 50<SJf8"ic per box; Green Peas,
$I@l 25 per sack; Garden Peas, 2@2'ic per lb;
String Beans, 2'ific; Wax Beans, 2@3c; Sum
mer Squash. 50®75c per box; Bay Squash, $1 25
Green Peppers, 5® 10c for Chile anil B®loc
for Bell; Dried Peppers, s(g6c per lb; Cabbage,
50c per ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per sack; Marys
vllle Cucumbers, 50(5750 per box; Bay Cucum
bers, $1 60; >iacaville Tomatoes 50c<&$1 per box:
Green Corn, lOfg^Oc per dozen for Vacaville and
25c for Bay: Garlic, *9:>r per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, Bliced, raw, 12c per It) in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16<ai8c; granulated, raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $5 for Hens, $4 60
®4 75 for old Roosters and $3 50 for Broilers.
There was no change in local stock.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@l2c for Gob
blers and 10@llc for Hens; young Turkeys. 17c;
Geese, per pair, 75cS?$l; Goslings, $I@l 25;
Ducks, I3(g<3 50 for old and $3@4 DO for young;
Hens, $3^4 ; Roosters, young, $6@7; Roosters,
old, $3 50<?j!4 50: Fryers. $4<go; Broilers, $3 50@4
for large, $2<5>3 for small: Pigeons, $1 23@1 50
per dozen for young and $I@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The hot weather is affecting Butter and the
tendency is downward. Cheese is very weak.
Store Eggs are lower and hard to sell.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 17V4@18c; sec
onds, 16^ral7c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 15@16o; common
grades, nominal.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 15@16c;
ladle-packed, 14(f?16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8<??8%o: old, 7@
7V£c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
B@9V4c; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 15fgl6V4c per dozen; store
Epgs, 12@14c; Eastern, 12V2@HV4c; Duck
Eggs. 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches ar« weak, as the high prices check
the demand, but there is no decline. Apricots
keep steady. Plums are slow, but not mate
rially lower. Figs show no change. Berries
are weak. The market Is still bare of Pears,
something unheard of at this time of the yea*.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2 i»oig3 50 per chest for large
and %6<ri~ for small.
Black Cherries, 25<fr50c; Royal Annes, 30@50c;
loose Cherries, 2<i?3V 2 c per lb for black and
2<(j3c for Royal Anne.
Figs. 3.'*j«oc per box for single and 65<§)$1
for double layers.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, $1 60 per crate,
and dull.
Currants. $2@3 60 per chest.
Blackberries, per crate and $3@4 per
chest.
Plums, 60tf?90c per crate and 2S^6sc per box.
Apricots, 40<5ST>c per box and 60@75c per crate
and $3r>^-l5 per ton In bulk.
Peaches. 40r<g$l per box, 70c(35l per basket.
Gooseberries, lig2c per n> for common and
3k@4c for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, per crate; Near
by Raspberries, H<ii6 per chest. 1
New Apples. 25i@S0c per small and 75c^?$l per
large box and 20® SOc per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. »1 50@2 50;
Seedlings, 50cf?$l; Lemons, $1 25'g'l 75 for com
mon and $2 50^3 for good to choice; Mexican
1. 1 mi>s, $3 .■."■„ 4; California Limes, in small
boxes, 40<@50c; Bananas, $1 255i2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3<&'4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is some talk of new Apricots at a
range of 7H<iTß}4c for Royals, but these quota-
tions are mere talk, as no . transactions have
yet been made. . There is . also - some ■ nibbling
at new Peaches at 6%c for common sun-dried,
but the same remark : applies to them. In the
course of a week or two definite figures may be
given.' ' MBfe't"
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%@
6c for 40-50' s, 4V4@4%e for 50-60's. 3%@4c for
60-70" s, 3&@3%c for 70-80' s. 2%@3c for 80-90' B, 2Vi
@2Hc or 90- 100's; Peaches, awe; fancy, 5V4@
6c; peeled, 10#12%c; Apricots. 6@6V4c for Royals
and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 7%@Sc; svn-drled. 4%@5c; Black
Figs, in sacks, 2<S2%c; Plums, 4^i@4%c for
pitted and lVi'tTl'fcc for unpitted; bleached
Plums, s@sV4c; Nectarines, , 4<Jisc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%ffi~4%c for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color, , etc. '
RAISINS— 2@2U C for. two-crown. 2%@3c for
three-crown, 314<U3%c3 I 4<U3%c for four-crown, - iV c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2%c for ; Seedless Muscatels
and $I@l 15 for London : layers; ' dried : Grapes,
2%c. . -■-■- -.  .= «,.'■ ■■■ ■ : ■ ■:■ ,-■
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell. : 4@6c for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, S^sUTSc . for paper-shell; Peanuts, A®
5%c for Eastern and 4%c for ' California; Pe
cans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, 9%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per Tb; Cocoanuts. ■$4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— 9<gloc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white ■ extracted, 6H@
6c; light amber extracted,' 4%@5V4c per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per . !b. .
PROVISIONS.
Strength • still characterizes most of the arti
cles under this head, with a continuation of the
fair demand. '.
CURED J MEATS — Bacon, 9c per 1b for
heavy, 9%c . for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured:
Eastern «. sugar-cured -■■ Hams,' ) 10%@llc; ■ Cali
fornia Hams, 9%@10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family. Beef,' $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12Hc per
tt>.
Eastern, tierces ■ quoted at 6c per Ib
for compound and Sc for - pure; = pails, B%c; I
California tierces, 5%c per Ib ■■■ for compound
and 7c ; for pure; half barrels, - 7Vic; 10-lb
tins. 8c: 3-lb tins, We. ' • -
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@7%c; packages,
less than 300 — 1-tb palls, 60 in a case. 9^c;
8-Ib palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-Tb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10- pails, ■6'in a case,' B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c ;> wooden . buckets, 20
lbs net, BMic; fancy tubs,- 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 Tbs/ 7%c per lb. i?
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
A few contracts for. Oregon Hops. at 10c are
reported, but : there 'Is , nothing doing in Cali
fornia. Wool; is as v dull as ever. " Hides con
tinue to sell well at the quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the r uotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10^4«?llc; medium, 9%@10c; light, 9@9V4c;
Cowhides, 9@9V4c: Stags, 6Hc; salted Kip, 9@
9Hc; Calf. 10c; dry Hides, sound. 16Vjc; culls and
brands, 13%@14c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf, 20c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20(3>40c
each; Kids. s@loc: Deerskins, good summer,
!7VtfMc; medium, 50c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20(530c each; short wool, 30<^50c
each; medium. Goi(j'Boc; long wool, 90c@$l 20
each; Horsehldes, salt, $2W2 ".0 for large and
$I®2 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehides, dry, $2
for large and $1 for small: Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V4@3»ic per !t>.
No. 2, 2%@3c; refined, 4 1 4ffl4V*c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc:
free Northern, H&Yic. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9Sjllc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', S@loc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12<i?14c; do, defective, 10@12c;
Middle county. 13(H16c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15@17c; Nevada, lO^Mc; Eastern Qregun,
10«?12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@l2Hc per Tb.
GENEHAIj MERCHANDISE}.
, BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags; 6@5%c; Wool
Bags; nominal ; San Quentln, $4 85. 1 ■■-..'
" ; COAL— Wellington,? $S per.' ton; .New: We
llington, 1 $8; ; Southfleld Wellington, * $7 50; ; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania ' Anthracite Egg,.sl4; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.'
$7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 ,= In
sacks.' •.-•.-"..'■■■".'■. ■: '*-'• cl\..'-' ■£> '■• , ■■'•-*•' '■'■', ■■■'■■
.'■?■ SUGAR— .Western Sugar Refining : Com
pr»-»-"quotes, terms net cash: Cube, i Cnjßh<>d
and ; Fine - Crushed,; 7c: -Powdered, 6%c ; . Candy
Granulated, ' 6c; ' Dry . Granulated, • 57£ c; ■■ Confec
tioners' A, 5%c; T - Magnolia A. . 5%c; :-. Extra "C,
6Hc; - Golden C, s>4c; s California A, :" 5%c -': per
lb; ; half-barrels :%o more than barrels.. and
boxes %o rr<~>rp. , WMMnM
.;: CANDLES— The ; Standard ; Oil Company > an
nounces new : prices : as follows: :-; Electric Light
Candles— 6s, 16 0z,~,7V4e;-6s.' 14 oz, 6>^c; 6s, 12 oz,
s'/4c; 6s, 10 oz, 4^c. Granite (Mining) Candles—
65,16 oz. B%c; 6s, J l4 or, I%c; 6s, 12 oz, 7%c; 6s;
10 oz, 6V»c. ■■; Paraf fine ; Wax ■ Candles— 2s, : 4s,
6s, 12s, white, 8c; colored, ; 9c. - :
•■■• LX T COL— . lower ;at 45c " per gallon ; for raw
and 47c for boiled, In barrels; eases," 5c more.
LAN FRANCISCO ■ MEAT MARKET.
-.- ,•: ••■ .- : -■ . •■■ — — "■: ■: . ...
; The feature , of ; the : market : Is • the arrival of
dressed Hogs ; f rom ; the East, ' the - high - : prices
here 'enabling, their import. Otherwise there Is
nothing new/v;--- : V^: '.:'•"'..'■'* \ ' '■"-', ■ ' "■•-'.■■" •L-;?; Wholesale• L
;?; Wholesale y ; rates j. for .-; dressed ; ■ stock ■ from
slaughterers are as follows: : :. y , ,■
ss Bi.~.F— First' 1 quality ,\: 6Hc: t second r.l quality,
6%<v third,' quality,' 4(£fso per Vb. -.-,-■■' :
VEAL— 4®sc; small. : 6@7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, • 7%®Bc; Ewes, 7@7Vic
per lb. .-• -
LAMB— Spring, S@B^c per lb. »• •
1-cßK— Live Hogs, 4%®4?ic for large, 518-5140
for medium and 4®4>4c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3%c; dressed Hogs, 7@Sc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, June 24. .
Flour qr ska -•• 5,000 Straw, ■ tons ..... ■, . 54
Wheat, ctls ..... 15 Pelts, bdls ...... 6SB
Barley, ctls ..... 3,335 Hides, no ....... 1,057
Beans.' sks ...... 448 Butter. -Ms 460
Corn, ctls ....... 60 Cheese, ctls 154
Potatoes, sks ... 2,017 Tallow, ctls ..... 38
Onions, sks ..... 914 Eggs, doz ....... 13,800
Mustard, sks ... 410 Quicksilver, flsk. 82
Bran, sks ....... 500 Chicory, kegs ... 24
Middlings, sks .. 400 Lime, bbls ...... *21
Wool, bales ..:.. 209 Brandy, gals .... 2.980
Leather, rolls ... 108 Wine, gals 44,000
Hay, tons ........ 335
• OREGON. ■.
Oats, ctls 1.670 Barley, ctls 2,230
Shorts, sks .....> 3,470 Bran, sks 5.163
Flour, qr sks ... 2,500 Mlllstuff, sks ... 8,994
Wheat, ctls ..... 355:
:—: — ■ * ■ — : t
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are slightly cheaper. Cheese
is unchanged.
Meats show no particular change. Poultry is
cheaper. '
Vegetables from the districts around the bay
are now coming in and the market is well
supplied. Fruits are selling rather, above the
normal this year, owing to the shortness of the
crop. There have been |no pears of any conse
quence thus far, something strange. Apricots,
too, are not over plentiful. A few seedless
Grapes are coming in from Yuma, but they are
too dear for the ordinary purse.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton
Cannel ......*— ®l2 00 Castle Gate.JS 60<8>
Wellington . -—©10 00 Southfleld
New ; Welling- Wellington & 9 50
ton ........ — — OOlCoos Bay — -<g>7 00
Beattle '...... 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per " j Common Eggs — 16®—
square ..35®40 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll. 35®— ! dor *...... ..17®20
Do, good.. 30@— Honey Comb, per •
Cheese, Ca1..;.:...10@12 lb :..* 12015
Cheese, Eastern... 15020 Do, extracted... B@lo
Cheese, • Swiss..... 20@30
Meats, per lb— ■ ; ii •
Bacon .:..... ...... 12@17i Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice .■...-.. 12® 15 Pork, salt 10012
Do, good S@lo Pork Chops. 12«J>15
Corned Beef B@lo Round Steak...... 10®—
Ham, Cal 12%©15 Sirloin Steak.... l2%@—
Do. Eastern —BIS Porterhouse, d0...17®20
Lard. 12f?ri.ij Smoked Beef — «*ls
Mutton — ©10 Pork Sausages....— #2o
Spring Lamb ..12@— Veal 12@15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50® 65 i Turkeys, pr R>,15@;16
Young Roost- i Ducks, . each... • 40@ 65
ers, each.... 75® 85 Geese, each.... 75wl 25
Old Roosters, ' ■ I Pigeons, pair.. 25@ 60
each 40«ff> 50 Rabbits, pair.. -@ 40
Fryers, each.. 50@» 65 Hare, each — -ft 20
Broilers, each 400-
Fruits and Nuts— ... ..':.»"■?
Apricots, per 1b... 4® 6 Limes, doz 10®12
Almonds. 1b.......12i515 Oranges, doz 20®40
Apples. 1b..... 4@ 6 Peaches, per 1b... 5® 8
Blackberries, per Plums, per 1b..... 5® 8
drawer .25@33 Raspberries, per
Bananas, doz 15W20 drawer 30^40
Currants, pr b0x..35&« Raisins, 1b........ s@lo
Cherries, per 1b... 4<f 6 Strawberries, per
Figs, per tb... 10015 drawer 25@50
Gooseberries, 1t)... 6 Walnuts, 1b..'.....15@ —
Lemons, doz 2Wy25
Vegetables —
Asparagus, 1b..... 4® 8 Lettuce. • d0z....... 15®25
Artichokes, doz... Dried Okra, 1b....—
Beets, doz. Onions, ■ 1b. ...;..... 4@ 5
Beans, white, lb.. 4® 5 Peppers, green.. ..lo®ls
Colored, ' lb ...... 4® 5 Potatoes, .tb l f a 3
Lima, tb . s<sj 6 Parsnips, doz 15<g20
Cabbage, each 5010 Rhubarb, lb.. 4® 5
Cauliflowers, each s(a in j Radishes,' dz bchs.l'".il2
Celery, bunch..... s*i— Page, 1b.....^ 250:35
Cress, doz bch5...20®23 String Beans, tb.. B@lo
Cucumbers, d0z..10®15 Summer Squash, ■ .
Egg Plant, per 1b.12'g15 i per 1b."... ........ 4® 6
Green Corn, dz... 30 ! Thyme, lb. .\..20®30
Green Peas, 1b.... 3fi 5 Turnips, doz. 16020
Lentils, lb.. 6@ 8 ' Tomatoes, lb 6@lo
Fish, per lb —
Barracuda ........ B@lo Shrimps B@lo
Carp 6® 8 Shad 6® 8
Codfish B®lo Sea Bass — <SlO
Flounders ......... 6® 8 Smelts 10@12
Herring- — ©— o l es B@lo
Halibut lOg 12t?kates, each s@lo
Klng-flsh .......... — Tomcod .10®—
Mackerel 12@— Clams, ga1.........— ®50
Do. Horse — — (a— Do, hardshell, 100. 40«i50
Perch ..10®— Crabs, each 10@15
Pompano ...50®75 Do, soflshell, d0z.25@35
Rocknsh ...... 12«g13 Mussels, qt... 10®12
Salmon, smoked.. 2ofi— Oysters. Cal, 100..40®—
Salmon, fresh — 10<S12iDo, Eastern, d0z..25®40
■ ♦ »
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John .W. McKenzie to Leah MeKenzle, - lot
on N line ot Broad street,' 246 W of Plymouth
W 25 by X 125, block J. -Railroad Homestead
gift. ■ •■; - •-.-. :- - -...■--'
H. S. King, L. Lindler, J. J. Raver, S. W.
Laskey, J. J. McDade, receivers • (by Edwin
Schwab, ' commissioner), to Market and Stan
j-an Streets and Golden Gate Park Land and
Improvement Company, . lot on SE corner of
Stanyan street and Alma avenue, S 100, E 197:9,
N 4 degrees 50 minutes, W 100:7%, XV 204:6, lots
1 to 4, 9 to 12. block 2, subdivision 1 of Claren
don Heights; $11,911. -
Julia P. and J. H. Maglll (by same) to same,
lot on N line -of Clarendon street, 206 • E of
Stanyan, E 25:1%. N 113:8, W 25. S US : 10. lot 43,
block 6, subdivision 1, same, $327; also; lot on
SE corner of Stanyan and St. Germain streets,
E 109:4, S 25, W 107:3, N 25:1, lot 1, block 16,
suVniivislon 2; $£H> I
Frederick and Melinda C. Plank, Pacific
Surety Company of California and Thomas Ma
gee (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to Hiber
nia Savings and Loan Society, lot on NE corner
of Waller and Laguna streets, N 100 by E 60;
also lot on E line of Laguna street, 100 N of
Waller, N 37:6, E to Laguna, S 37:6, W 91:3;
$9226. , . - ■■:
Same to same, lot on N line of Waller street,
141:3 E of Laguna. E 50 by N 137:6; |3225.
Estate of Edwd or Edward M. Wynants (by
Michael , Flood, executor) ; to ' E. S. Tucker, lot
on SE corner of Buchanan and Jackson streets,
137:6 by S 147:8%; $25,000. . \. : •
William S. and Jane Phelps to San Francisco
Gas. and Electric ' Company, W. , A. blocks 256
and 257, quitclaim deed; $10. .
Leroy C. Bunker •to George D. Bunker, un
divided one-fifth of lot on N line of Fell street.
137:6 Wof Steiner, W. 55 by N 137:6; $300.
J. S. Hermann to Christina Wannenmacher,
lot on N line of Fulton street, 200 W of Scott,
XV 25 by N 137:6; $10.
G. T. and Anna Knopf, to John D. Farmer,
lot on S line of Bush street. 135 E of Central
avenue, E 26:5% by S 85; $7"0. ■
Helen and Emlle Lonlgo to Katherlne McDon
ald,' lot on S line of Washington street, 32:6 E
of Spruce, E 30 by S 100; $10.
Lena Burmelster to Alice M. Schendel, . lot on
E line of Chattanooga street, 156 N of Twenty
second, N 26 by E 125; $10. ■-
• John E. Ager to Fanny M., Emma H. and
Lucy M. Agar, lot on W line of Bartlett street,
195 N of Twenty-fifth, N 65 b*W 117:6; gift.
.Same to same, lot on W line of Bartlett
street; 192 N of Twenty-fifth, 3 by W 117:6;
gift. • - - • :
Bank of California to Glaclnto Perlite, lot on
W line of Powell street, 112:6 S of Chestnut, S
25 by W 100; $10. ' ■ -
George W. Selfert to D. O. Dniffel. lot on SW
corner ■of Clay and Hyde streets, W 60 by S
64; $10. - ■■■ : •
Estate of Mary O'Brien (by Nettle M. Whft
taker. : executrix) to John . rtyan,* lot on S line
of Twenty-second (Sierra) street, 50 E of Mich
igan. E 25 by S 75; $625.
Builders' Contracts.
Hugh Cavanagh (owner) with Johnson &
Secor (contractors), architect J. T. Kidd All
work except painting, graining, varnishing,
mantels, ' shades, i eras - fixtures ■■■■ for - a " 1-story
and rough basement frame building on lot :on
E line of Stevenson street, 145 N of Fourteenth
N2sb" E 65, M B 27; $1439. . , , '
Esther and H. Lottmann (owners) with Paul
Humperdlnck - (contractor), architect >H. Hess.
All work: except -mantels,-, chandeliers : and
shades for alterations and additions to make a
2-story frame ' building on lot on W > line of
York street, 2RO N of Twenty-second, -. N 25 by
W 100. MB 146; $1065.' -i : "*
Estate of . Bartholomeo Bri?nole by V. Brig
nole and :J. ' Morizio, executors with D. Straub
& ■ Son. contractors, architect . none. : • All work
for ;a ; two-story and - basement brick structure
on i Commercial - street,' 60 E from .SE line of
Bartlett alley and Pi ciflc, 3 57:6, E 25:6. S 8-6
E 20, N 66. W 45:6; $6460. .- : ■;- ' 6>
F. - and A. Baruch : (ownem) with Peacock &
Butcher, contractors, architects. . Percy and
Hamilton. Excavation, concrete, stone and
brick . work,. cast and .wrought ; iron, steel work
for a six-story, brick building on S corner of
Third and Stevenson streets, SE 43 by SW 75-
■*H*i CAM. CALENDAR.
June, 1898.
We
Moon** Ph&aat
2
I
;4 ;
11
/Csv *'uH Moon.
w June 4.
«
g
16
10
/f3-Last Quarter,
June 10.
/rs • New Moon,
W . . June 18. r
23
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants 1 Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without rcsrard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dungers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball m
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day.
C P WELCH. Ensign. U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort P'Mnt, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— IB9B.
Saturday. June 25.
Sun rises *:«
Sun sets ••••• — 7:35
Moon sets 11:Oa P- m.
2:44
3:55
5:17
. W
0:28
1:27
2:25
3:18
9:
9::
10:25
11:28
2.4
1.9
i
H "W
1.2 6:52
0.6 8:25
-0.1 9:42
— 0.6) M:44
3.'
3.:
3. 1
3.
2.!
1.1
3.
3.
H \V
6:11
6:37
7:47
| 8:39
5.S
5.7
6.r)
! 6.2
1 :
2;
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tlds
and the last or right hand column gives ths
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference 1b the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch HydrogTaphic Office, 17. B. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Jun«
24. IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— t. c.. at noon of th»
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign, U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I Due.
Wellington 'Departure Bay !June2s
Pulton | Oregon Ports -June 25
Ningehow Departure Bay j Juno 25
Mineola Comox ! June 25
Chllkat Eel River June 26
Mackinaw Tacoma IJune24
Santa Rosa San Diego June 26
Coptic China and Japan June 21
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 2«
Burma INanalmo 'June 28
San Mateo '■ Comox jjune2«
Oregon Port la nd j June 27
Coos Bay Newport IJune2*
Empire ICoos Bay |June2S
Willamette Seattle June 2S
City of Panama Pan Jose de Guatemala. ; June 29
North Fork Humboldt June 29
Alameda Sydney June 29
Orizaba Humboldt June 29
Washtenaw.. .. Tacoma June 29
Arapulco Panama June SO
Columbia Portland June 30
Pomona. San Diego June 30
Crescent City.. Crescent City j June 30
I'matilla 'Victoria & Puget Sound, July I
Arcata ICoos Bay jJuly 1
Homer INewport July a
State California Portland July 3
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Orizaba iHumboldt I June 25, 10 am Pier 9
O Ue en Vie & Pgt Sd. June 25. 10 am Pier 9
State of CaliPortland June 26. 10 am Pier 13
Homer iNewport June 26, 9am Pier U
Arcata 'Coos Bay June 26, 10 am Pier 13
Dirigo .'I St. Michael... June 27, 4pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego June 28, 11 am Pier 11
Peru China&Japan!June 28. 1 pmPMSS
Cleveland ..lAlaska June 28
Chllkat ...JHumboldt .... June 28, 9am Pier 13
Fulton [Oregon Ports. June 28, 8 am ' Pier 20
Oregon IPortland June 29, 10 am Tier 12
Coos Bay... Newport June 30, 9 am Pier 11
"U'alla Wall! Vic & Pgt Sd. June 30, lOamlPier 9
Cy Panama Panama (July 1.12 ra PSISS
Columbia ..'Portland (July 2. 10 amPirr 12
Pomona ....!San Diego July 2. 11am Pier H
North Fork. iHumboldt ■■■■|July 3. 1' am Plt 2
SHIPPING IXTELLIGE.NCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, June 24.
Stmr Peru, Friele, 35% days from Hongkong
via Yokohama 16% days, via Honolulu 7 days.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 46 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford 3S hours. "i: : r /,
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 65 hours from San.^l
Pedro. '.:■'■ . ▼
Stmr Scotia, Hansen, 25% hours from Eu
reka. . ■
— Stmr Homer,' Jeasen,- 76 holm from Newport -
and way ports. - . '■■- ■:.., — %■■-  <-
Stmr Mineola, David. ;80 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Cleone, Hlgglns, 15 hours from Al
bion. .-•■,- ■
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 56 hours from Tlllamook
Bay.
Bark Germania, Pearson, 14 days from Seat
. I'chr "Webfoot, Donnelly, 8 days from Grays
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, 8 days from Grays
H»-bnr
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from ; Point
Schr Bender Brothers, . Wetzel, 24 : hours from
Fisks Mill.
Schr I Rio Rey, Johnson, 86 hours from New
Haven. Oakland direct.
CLEARED.
■ . Friday, " June 24.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co. %.--:"•'•>"'■
Br bark Penryn Castle, Evans, Portland; R
B Hogue.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu: Welch &
Co
Bktn Portland, Larsen, Karluk; Alaska
Packers' Assn. . ■
Schr Winchester, Huns, codflshlng; Alaska.
Codflphlng Co. ■ %
SAILED.
• Friday, June M.
Stmr Gipsy, Olsen, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Westport, Peterson. ■
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers. .;
. Stmr George Loomls, Brldgettt, Ventura.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego. "
Bktn Portland, Larsen. Karluk. ,'■ vj
■ Bktn Archer, Calhoun. Honolulu.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman. Fisks Mill.
Schr Maxim. • Olsen. Caspar. ' -
Schr Julia E Whalen. Olsen, Champerloo.
Schr* Corinthian, Knrth. Bowens Landing.
Schr- Wawona, Isaacksen, Seattle. .
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing. ■ . • -
Schr Beskie K. Adler,' New. Haven. .
TELEGRAPHIC. . ; -
POINT LOBOS, June 24— 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 8 miles.
CHARTERS. - _
The Theodor was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Europe, 24s 6d, option of Barley.
The Ferdinand Fischer wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, 31s 3d.
DOMESTIC PORTS. »
- ASTORIA — Sailed June 24— Br ship Glen
ard. for Queenstown. . - .■. ■- . :
Arrived June 23— Stmr Oregon, hence June a. - ,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June Schr Louise. W
from rmpqua; bktn Skaglt, from Port Gamble. ~
TATOOSH— Passed June 24— Br stmr Welling
ton, from Nanalmo. for San Francisco.
■ US AL— Arrived June 24— Stmr Newsboy, hno
June 22. '..,•..
TATOOSH— June Bktn John Smith
from Chemainus, for Taku.
cs EUREKA— Arrived June 24— Schr Mary B
Russ; from Moss ' Landing. ■ . : •
PORT ANGELES— Arrived June 23— Brk Cal*
rollton, from Dutch Harbor. 1 - for Nanalmo.
SEATTLE— Arrived June Stmr Humboldt.
hence June 20. Vi ...-.,'
FORT — Arrived June 24— Stmr Se
quoia, hence June 23. •
EUREKA— Arrived June 24— Stmr Fulton, fm
Portland ;, stmr Chtlkat, hence June 22; Br brk
Stanfleld, from Shanghai.---.
FOREIGN ' PORTS.
KOBE— June I— Br ship Garnet Hill,
from Oregon. .j*g*agaMaittei*B ,
HONOLULU— SaiIed June Ship A J Full**
for Delaware Breakwater. June 4— Stmr City
of Peking, stmr City of Sydney, stmr Aus
tralia, US S stmr Charleston, for Manila; Br
stmr Doric, for Hongkong; sch Annie M Camp
bell, for Hilo. June - 7— Haw bark Himalaya,
for San Francisco; Br bark Tetautua, for Ta
hltr- .:-.•- ,-.--. ...-...- .
•Arrived June I—Stmrs City of Peking, Aus
tralia, City of Sydney, hence May 15; bark 3
G Wilder, hence May ; 16. - June 3— Br stmr
Doric, hence May 28; June Bark Alden Besse
hence May 19; June 8— Alice Cooke.from
Port Townsend. June 11— bark Veritas, frm
Newcastle, NSW.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 15— S stmr Mo
hican, hence June 5; June 16— Bktn W H Di
mond. hence •■ May 29; June Stmr Peru,- from
Yokohama; bark S C Allen, hence May 29.
Sailed June = 16— U S . stmr Bennington, for
San Francisco. : ■, _• ■', •
VALPARAISO— June Bktn En
core, from Grays Harbor.
I HAVRE— Arrived June 23— Br ship Durbridge
from * Portland.
DEAL— Passed June 23— Br. ship Peleus, frm
Newcastle. •■ Eng, for San Francisco. -
fi HONOLULU— SaiIed June B— Schr Jessie Mi
nor, for Eureka. ; / •-■ :.-.,>
HONOlPU— Arrived : June 7— Schr John O
. North, hence f May 21. -
KAHULUl— Arrived May 31 — Brig , Lurllrie.
hence May 12. • June Schr Azalea, from Kill
, isnoo. June ', 11— Schr . Mary • Dodge, hence May
20. ■"-'..- .-.-...,...; . • .
Sailed June 11— Brig Lurline. for San Fran
cisco: schr Azalea.* for San Francisco. • '
■■■- HlLO— Arrived June 6— Bark Annie Johnson,
hence May 19. - • •-•'
Sailed June s— Bark Ceylon, for ; San Fran
cisco. - ••■ June : 7— Schr Spokane, ■ for San ' Fran
clsco.^WMHdwnaaMiMapvi .■■'■■ - ; - • - . ■
: TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS. ►
GLASGOW— SaiIed June 24— Stm Hestia, for
Baltimore.
Si ifTHAMPTON— PaIIed June 24— Stmr Kai
ser V.'llhelm der Gross**, fur New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed June 21— Stmr Patrla, for
New York.
QVEENSTOWN— Arrived June 24— Ptmr Cam
pania, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— RaiIed June 24-Stmr Bovlc. for
New York .
NEW YORK— Arrived June 24 — Stmr Nomadio
from Liverpool: stmr Edam, from Amsterdam,
NEW YORK— Arrived June 24— Stmr Lucama
.from Liverpool.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DEMOCRATS
ARE AWAKE
Warren English Now a
Strong Candidate.
DRAWING FROM MAGUffiE
J. AUBREY JONES MAY MAKE A
FIGHT FOR CONGRESS.
Ward Clubs Being Organized by the
Friends of the Men Who Want
the Nomination for
Governor. v
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 24.
During the past few weeks the Demo
crats have been doing some quiet work.
No clubs have yet been organized, with
the exception of one Maguire club, but
the leaders of the party in this county
are quietly feeling around to test the
strength of candidates for Governor.
It is pretty well understood that that
branch of the Alameda Democracy which
is prominently identified with Prison Di
rector Fitzgerald is favorable to Ma
guire, but the little Congressman has a
very powerful competitor in this county
and possibly in Contra Costa County, in
"Warren B. English. Since it was dis
covered that Mr. English was quietly
making a canvass in many parts of the
State, with a view to securing the nomi
r.ation for Governor, there has been a
marked increase in his local strength.
The fusion proposition in this county
may be said to be still in abeyance, al
though there has been much opposition
from both Populists and Democrats to
ward repeating the failure of 1896. The
question, however, is not decided, al
though many of the Populist ward and
township clubs have reported to their
County Committee that they are opposed
to anything but a straight middle-of-the
road policy. Six months ago there was a
movement started to organize Maguire
clubs all over this county, but it did not
meet with general approval from the
Democrats, and since Warren English
took an active part in trying to secure
the nomination himself, much of the
strength of the Congressman from the
Fourth District has been diverted to the
local candidate.
The Democrats have not as yet done
anything toward naming candidates for
the Legislature, admitting on all hands
that this is such a strong Republican
year that to be nominated in this county
on the Democratic ticket is to court cer
tain defeat.
Dr. Pardee carried his campaign into
Alameda last night and held a. gathering
at Linderman Hall. Pardee spoke, and
In his speech paid a high compliment to
his opponent, W. R. Davis, pledging him
self to support Mr. Davis should he ob
tain a majority of the delegations.
Friends of W. R. Davis organized a
Davis Club in the Third Ward last night.
W. M. Dimick was elected chairman and
George F. Neece vice-president. An exe
cutive committee will be named next
week.
It is rumored that Jonn Aubrey Jones
may, in the event of a combination of
Iree silver men of all parties, be a can
didate for Congress.
WOMEN ORGANIZE.
Will Try to liaise the Moral and
Social Conditions.
OAKLAND, June 24.— Articles of incor
poration of the Oakland Civic Club were
filed to-day. Its purpose is to promote
by education and active co-operation "a
higher public spirit and a better social or
der in the City of Oakland, and to receivi.
donations, collect subscriptions, purchase
and sell real and personal property, to
make and execute contracts, having for
their object the betterment of said city."
The directors are Myra W. Knox, Isa
belle A. Baldwin. Florence Goddard. Mrs.
F. B. Ginn, Robina M. Booth, Mary R.
Keene. Mrs. G. T. Campbell.
This organization was formerly known
as the Women's Improvement Club of
Oakland. It has no capital stock, is not
organized for pecuniary profit and its
purposes are solely philanthropical and
progressive.
Kinard Called Down.
OAKLAND, June 24.— The Supervisors
this morning took up the matter of pro
tested constables' claims, and Attorney
Is'usbaumer and C. E. Kinard indulged in
many uncomplimentary exchanges. Mr.
Kinard's witnesses were not heard, as the
Grand Jury was considered to be the
proper body for such an investigation.
Mr. Nusbaumer told Kinard that he was
mistaken if he thought that an attempt
would be made to buy him (Kinard) off,
end the two men were fighting with their
tongues when the finance committee de
cided to postpone the matter indefinitely.
Red Cross Work.
OAKLAND, June 24.— The Red Cross So
ciety will hold an open meeting on July 12,
bo that the public may be informed of the
work the society has been doing, and at
•which all committees will make detailed
reports. When the military camp opens
In North Oakland next Tuesday the Red
i'ross Society will give much attention to
the soldiers on this side of the bay.
Another Secret Union.
OAKLAND. June 24.— Thuee secret mar
riages have bepn divulged this week. The
latest is that of Miss Eva Lewis and How
erd Ingersoll. Their wedding, which
took place on the 21st of December last,
■was made public to-day. They went to
Ban Rafaol and returned to their re-
FTK-ctive homes, and have kept the secret
cix months.
No News of Mrs. Cochran.
OAKLAND, June 24.— Mrs. J. T. Coch
ran. the missing wife of the street con
tractor, who disappeared from home last
"Wednesday, has not yet been found. The
missing woman is 52 years of age, and
lived very happily at home. It is believed
that she must have taken a trip to some
Interior part cf the State.
Salvationists to Camp.
OAKLAND, June 24.— The annual ramp
meeting of the Salvation Army will be
held this year at Trestle Glen. East Oak
land It will open on June 30 and close on
the evening of Sunday. July 17. Brigadier
I4rengle or New York and many other
coast and Eastern officers will be present.
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, 'June 24.— The Police Commis
sioners met. this morning, but none of the much
talked of changes among the police sergeants
were made. .»*».•_* , • ■ -
The attorneys of James F. O Brien Jr.. who
was convicted last week of a criminal assault
on Miss Lopez of Pleasanton, argued at great
length to-day in favor of a new trial before
Judge Ellsworth. . • .
The controversy over the public printing was
decided this morning, the Board of Works
awarding the contract to the Enquirer and
Pacific Press in the ratio- of about 4 to 1 in
the different classes of printing.
The Republican Anti-Civil Service League met
last evening and elected forty delegates to at
tend the convention of the league in San Fran
cisco, June 29.
C. A. Glunz and Frank A. Jackson were ten
dered a big reception at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium last night on
the eve of their departure to the Philippines as
representatives of the Christian Commission. :
The Oakland Light Cavalry is Increasing in
numbers, and will In a short time receive
equipments from the State. ■
■ The old adobe mills at Nlles which were built
by the Vallejos in pre-statehood days are be
ing demolished by the Spring Valley Company,
as they are unsafe.
The Catholic Truth Society held religious ex
ercises this evening at St. Francis ■de Sales.
Rev. P. C. York's delivered the ■ sermon. ' -vv-
Edgar *D. Ivory died suddenly at J Ashland
yesterday. He left here Tuesday In good health
and expired after a few hours' Illness of con
geetlon of the lungs.
Dr. H. S. Kergan was fined $10 in the Police
Court to-day for slapping the face of . R. : J.
Crater, a clerk in a Seventh-street drug store,
a few days ago. ; . - * ,
Rev. C. R. Brown, pastor of the First ■ Con
gregational Church, *is -:: expected back from
Honolulu on the next , steamer.
"Great Fortunes Hade in War," in
n«xt Sunday's Call.
ARRANGING A
SHAM FIGHT
Officers Survey Adams
Point.
MONEY IS READILY GIVEN
OAKLAND TO BE DECORATED
FOR ONE WEEK.
Committee Promises a Celebration
Such as Was Never Seen
and Invites the
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. June Si.
The Supervisors have decided that they |
will help materially in the Fourth of July I
celebration and this morning voted to \
appropriate $500 to Oakland and $100 to
the new town of Tesla. Supervisor Mitch
ell is chairman of the executive commit
tee and brought the matter before the
board. John A. Britton of the finance
committee of the celebration said that
they were arranging for the biggest cele
bration of any place in the country, and
that It will be far superior to anything
that will be seen in San Francisco.
The Supervisors did not need asking
twice and readily voted for the appropri
ation. The City Council has already vot
ed $500 for the same purpose.
The decoration committee met thi6 j
morning and opened bids for street decor- j
ations. The contract was awarded to j
the Jones Bazaar Company, who will dec
orate Broadway, from First to Sixteenth
street and Washington from Seventh to
Fourteenth. On the corner of every street j
large wings of national colors are to be j
hung. All these decorations must be in
place not later than Thursday of next
week.
The invitation to the civic societies to
parade is being widely accepted and it is
anticipated that not less than 6000 people j
will march.
The committee this morning issued the
following invitation:
OAKLAND, Cal., June 23, 1898.
To the Citizens of Alameda County: Oak
land will celebrate the coming Fourth of July
with a grand parade, a sham battle, in which i
two regiments from Camp Merritt will take j
part, a bombardment of Morro Castle and its
destruction, and you are cordially invited to |
be present.
It will probably b? the most unique and !
thrilling celebration nf the Fourth of July ever i
observed in Alameda County, and the favor j
Bhown us by the commanding officers of Camp
Merritt should be recognized and appreciated :
by a general and enthusiastic attendance of
the citizens on this side of the bay. "Ee
member the Maine!" Patriotically yours,
JOHN" MITCHELL,
Chairman Executive Committee.
The fireworks committee is now en
gaged in arranging for special features
and many new ideas will undoubtedly be
devised. Part of the fireworks display
will be on Lake Merritt and part at
Adams Point.
Officers from the army headquarters in
San Francisco visited Oakland to-day to
inspect the territory where the sham bat
tle is to take place, and to make arrange- j
ments to insure its success. There has \
never been such general organization and ]
enthusiasm shown regarding any Fourth
of July parade in this city that can com- i
pare with that which now prevails.
Colonel Kessler, Major Wallace and
Sergeant Ripley of the First Montana
Regiment, drove to Adams Point with a j
committee of citizens and outlined the ;
ahasn. battle. - Serg^e&nt Rfpley made
sketches of the different features of the
country from which to work out his plan
of combat. One body of troops win start j
from a point a quarter of a mile east of i
the Piedmont bath house; another body i
will be stationed to the east of the head !
of the east arm of Lake Merritt, and
others will be at the foot of the knoll
north of the golf club house.
Bed Cross Work.
BERKELEY, June 24.— The Red Cross
ladies are busily engaged in getting to
gether supplies for the soldiers. Most of
the work consists of plaster of parls
bandages. Two hundred and fifty were
finished yesterday, and tTTis evening the
number amounts to over 700. When 300
more are completed a shipment will be
made to the headquarters in San Fran
cisco.
The society is keeping a record of all
soldiers who enlist from Berkeley. To
this end it has appointed a special com
mittee on records, of which Mrs. H. N.
Marquand Is secretary. It is expected in
this way to keep in touch with the fam
ilies of the men who have gone away and
render assistance if necessary.
Mrs. Cochran Missing.
BERKELEY, June 24.— Mrs. J. T. Coch
ran is missing from her home on Clare
mont avenue. She has been away since
Wednesday morning, and all attempts to
find her have proved of no avail. Her hus
band has reported the case to the police
of San Francisco and Oakland. He is
of the opinion that his wife left during
a fit of temporary insanity, possibly due
to the fact that she has been an invalid
for several years. Mrs. Cochran is 52
years of age. When last seen she was
carrying a small valise and sealskin
sacque, wore a gray dress and a blue
and gray shawl. Mr. Cochran has tele
graphed" to all her friends and relations
in this locality, but his efforts so far have
been unsuccessful.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 24.— The appraisers'
report upon the estate of the late George
Morey Richardson, instructor in Greek in
the University of California, has been
filed. The total valuation placed upon the
estate is $16,664 25.
A Pardee Club Organized.
ALAMEDA. June 24.— A meeting of the
friends of Dr. Pardee was held at Lin
derman Hall last evening and was well
attended. Ex-Senator Simpson was
chosen chairman and J. W. Colton secre
tary. After speeches by Dr. Pardee and
others it was resolved that the gather
ing should organize Itself into a perma
nent club with the same officers; that the
chair appoint an executive committee
of one from each precinct, and that the
entire gntherlng should be a committee
of the whole to work In the interest of
the party and Dr. Pardee. «
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, June 24.— An S5-foot flag
polo was raised in front of the First Con
gregational Church to-day and a flag will
be raised on it with appropriate ceremo
nies to-morrow.
The Sons of St. George will install of
ficers this evening and follow the cere
mony with a banquet.
Preliminary examinations of members
of Company G will be continued this
evening. It is expected those who are
accepted will go into camp next Tuesday.
In the meantime the Red Cross will care
for the members who have left their
homes in the country.
The West End Republican Club has
eighty-two members on its roll and will
hold Its second meeting to-morrow night.
The Preaching of a New Gospel.
OAKLAND, June 24.— -"Our Lord's Full
Gospel of Saving and Healing" will be
preached and practiced In the Mission
tent, Broadway and Fourteenth streei,
commencing Sunday evening at 7:30
o'clock, and continuing every evening dur
ing the week. An invitation has been ex
tended to the sick afflicted with incurable
maladies to attend and be healed.
Miss Freuler's Sudden Death.
OAKLAND, June 24.— Gertrude W.
Freuler, a young lady 20 years of age,
fell downstairs at her home to-night in
North Oakland and died instantly. The
deceased has suffered from heart disease
for some time.
Bead the thrilling story of the
bombardment of San Juan by an
English blockade runner who passed
the American fleet, in next Sunday's
Call.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUI^E 25, 1898.
CAMP LOCATED
IN OAKLAND
Officers Decide Upon a
Fruitvale Tract.
MR. BISHOP'S PLAN UPSET
OWNER OF PIERCE TRACT NOT
WILLING.
Company A Will Act as Escort to
Company F Next Tuesday
on the March to
Camp.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 24.
Tho Oakland military camp wili be lo
cated on the Sather tract. This was de
cided this evening by Lieutenant Colonel
Carrington and Quartermaster Heller,
after consulting the owners and the man
agement of the Haywards electric road.
The new camp site is situated between
Fruitvale avenue and High street, and
consists of eighty acres, which is well
sewered and can be easily supplied with
water.
The plans of Ira Bishop, v. - .iich were
laid with such nicety and so diplomati
cally carried out, have fallen through,
and his rival, Andy Stone, has gathered
in the big plum of the street car travel
for his company.
The officers named by Governor Budd
to decide upon a camp site in this city
were over here this afternoon and were
met by a citizens" committee, who es
corted them to a special car of the Hay
wards railroad, in charge of Secretary
Andy Stone. The Sather tract was in
spected at Fruitvale, and after lunch
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington and Quar
termaster Heller were taken arwund Pied
mont and shown the sites visited by Col
onel Henshaw on Wednesday.
Henry Pierce objected to the use of his
private race track at Brookdale tne site
favored by Colonel Henshaw, but offered
the officers a site ai Fruitvale free of
cost, which will be considered.
At the armory to-day the boys of Com
pany F were busy preparing to go into
camp. They have been advised that they
must march out next Tuesday, on which
day companies will also arrive irom San
Jose, Chico and other points. Company
A, greatly disappointed at being passed
by, has decided that it will be proper for
it to escort its brother company to the
camp, and this it will do, together with
its band.
The owners of the new camp have been
notified to have it ready for troops by
Sunday.
STANDARD OIL PEOPLE
BUYING COPPER MINES
Powerful Combine to Work the Rich
Lodes of Michigan and the
Great Lakes.
HOUGHTON, Mich., June 24.— The
Standard Oil people have long monopo
lized petroleum. For the past five years
they have been prominent in iron ore
more prominent with each year. For the
first time they have become identified
with copper, the details being made pub
lic to-day. For nearly two years Nathan
F. Leopold, a well-known steamboat man
in Chicago, has been engaged in tying up
property in Lake Superior copper dis
trict. So cleverly has his work heen ear- j
ried on that until to-day the full scope I
of his operations have been known to but !
half a dozen of his most intimate busi
ness associates.
The cat was let out of the bag, how
ever, when the organization of the Ar
cadian Copper Company was perfected
to-day in Boston. The directors elected
by the company were as follows: Albert
C. Burrage of Boston, president of the
Boston Gas Light Company; William
Rockefeller, president of the Standard
Oil Company; Nathan F. Leopold of Chi
cago, of the marine firm of Leopold &
Austrain; Henry H. Rogers of New York,
vice-president of the Standard Oil Com
pany; Henry G. Foreman of Chicago,
president of the Ogden Street Railway
Company; William A. Paine of Boston,
of Paine, Webber & Co., a brokerage firm
which has been very prominent for sev
eral years past in big copper mining en
terprises; Sidney Chase of Boston, of
Chase & Barston, treasurer of the Bos
ton Stock Exchange; and J. H. Rice of
Houghton, cashier nf the National Bank
of Houghton. Albert C. Burrage of Bos
ton was elected president, Nathan F.
Leopold of Chicago general manager and
Charles D. Burrage of Boston secretary
and treasurer.
The property of the Arcadian Copper
Company comprises seventeen different
mineral tracts, for which nearly fifty
different deeds were required. The prop
erties so acquired comprise the old Ar
cadian mine, the Edwards mine, the Con
cord mine, the Douglass mine and various
tracts from Sault Ste. Marie's Canal Com
pany and other owners of mineral land,
including a valuable mill site on Portage
Lake. The complete property as organ
ized to-day comprises the magnificent to
tal of 2846 acres, and 'embraces within its
limits the Huron, Kearsarge, Isle Royale
and other well known copper lodes, in
which half a dozen of the great mines of
the district are opened.
The Arcadian has two and a half miles
on the outcrop of the lode, and has an es
timated depth of over two miies in sink
ing, at an angle of 55 degrees, which is
the pitch of the vein as opened. Actual
mining work has been under way at the
Arcadian and adjoining mines owned by
the new company for the past year, and
200 men are now employed in developing
the mines, which force will be douuled as
soon as the necessary accommodations
can be secured for the men.
Treading on the heels of the sensation
when two millions of Standard Oil cash
were invested in a Houghton mine, comes
the sale of the Minnesota and adjacent
mines in Ontonagon County, which have
just been bought for $4,000,000 by Detroit
capital. The Minnesota was worked thir
ty years, paid millions in dividends and
produced a single mass of pure native
copper weighing 1,000.000 pounds. Mining
work is to be resumed immediately.
SANTA CLARA POPULISTS
OPPOSED TO GANG RULE
In County Convention They Discuss
Methods of Procedure for the
State Campaign.
SAN JOSE, June 24.— The Populists of
this county met In convention at Santa
Clara yesterday to discuss a mode of pro
cedure for the coming State campaign.
Thirty-five delegates were present from
various parts of the county. J. L. Riddle
was chosen chairman and H. A. Mason
secretary. The conventfon . decided on
union with other parties on a State ticket,
provided the parties uniting would first
agree upon a platform of principles. There
were but eight dissenting voters.
The following were elected delegates to
the State Convention to be held at Sac
ramento on July 12: E. E. Cothran, F.
B. Brown, J. J. Shaner, E. J. Crandall,
C. W. Pedlar, J. W. Hines. H. A. Mason,
O. O. Feikner and J. D. Waldorf. F. B.
Brown and H. A. Mason were elected
members of the State Central Committee.
A resolution was introduced to appoint
a committee to confer with independent
political 'organizations, looking to the
nomination of a county ticket Independ
ent of gang rule.
Morton to Be Receiver.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— The Presi
dent has appointed Sergeant G. S. Mor
ton to be Receiver of Public Moneys at
San Francisco; also Elwood Hadley to
be agent for the Indians at Pima Agency,
Arizona, and Sawyer B. McCann of Mon
tana to he Register of the Land Office at
Circle City, Alaska.
■ ♦ ■
Read what Russell Sage has to say
on "War as an Investment," in next
Sunday's Call.
WERE CAUGHT
IN THE ACT
Opium Smugglers Ar
rested at Honolulu.
THEIR SCHOONER WRECKED
THE VENTURE WAS MADE BY A
PUGET SOUND RING.
Luigi Tschech Made a Desperate
Attempt to Take His Own
Life on Union Street
Yesterday.
News of an Important opium seizure
came from Honolulu by the Peru. The
old opium ring which had Whaley, the
notorious smuggler, at its head, and its
headquarters at Victoria, B. C, has been
reorganized and for a time did a land
office business in the drug. The profits
can be Imagined when the fact is known
that opium manufactured in British Co
lumbia can be purchased In Victoria for
about $7 a pound, and the same article
will bring $45 a pound In the Hawaiian
Islands, where its Importation Is prohib
ited.
The new combine owns three schooners
— the Henrietta, Lena L and Labrador.
The two first named vessels made suc
cessful runs from Victoria, B. C, to the
islands, landed their cargoes and got
away again, but the Labrador was caught
and Captain John Haake and Albert
Weinriche, alias Wilson, were in prison
when the Peru sailed.
The Labrador left Victoria, B. C, on
April 23 last, and her clearance papers
called for a cruise in the North Pacific
"in search of sea otter." When caught
off the coast of Oahu the captain said
he was going to land Weinriche, who was
sick, and that was the reason he ran in.
The vessel was searched, but nothing was
found on her. Then the Japanese cook
gave the whole business away and point
ed out where a thousand 5-tael tins of the
drug were hidden. This was seized, but
in the meantime the Labrador had drift
ed ashore and she will probably be a total
loss.
The Peru brings the news that the
plague, which haa been epidemic In
Hongkong, Bombay and Calcutta, is
abating.
Luigi Tschech of the furniture firm of
Delucchi & Tschech, 479 Union street,
made a desperate attempt at suicide yes
terday. With a knife he cut himself
over the left eye, slashed his left cheek,
cut his left wrist and his left ankle, and
then made two big gashes in his throat.
He was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, where Drs. Zabala and Green
sewed up his wounds. They think there
is a chance of saving his life. Officer
Langdon found Tschech in a small back
room of his furniture store bleeding pro
fusely. He is an opium fiend arid his wife
says he has been crazy for a week past.
The big German bark Theodor that ar
rived from Sydney, N. S. W., has 1500
tons of coal aboard for the San Francisco
and North Pacific Railway. She will
dock alongside the freight slip at Lom
bard street and discharge into freight
cars. The latter will then be put aboard
the steamer Ukiah and taken to Tiburon.
The remainder of the Theodor's cargo is
for the San Joaquin Valley road, and it
will be discharged into lighters and towed
to Stockton.
Captain H. C. Thomas has succeeded
Captain David Wallace on the steamer
Queen. Captain Wallace will go out as
Clem Randall, late master of the
tug Fearless, now the "United States
steamer Iroquois, has gone to St.
Michael in command of the new river
tug Ernest E. Hamill.
Another haul of young striped bass was
made at the ferries yesterday. "Joe"
Mogan discovered a thousand pounds of
fish under weight being smuggled in, and
he at once confiscated it and sent the
consignment out to Camp Merritt.
The annual strike took place on Jack
son-street wharf yesterday. During the
winter months the deckhands and long
shoremen employed on the river steamers
have their wages reduced $5 a month.
Then in the summer, when business is
rushing, it goes back to the old rate.
The owners of the steamers always re
member when the time to cut wages ar
rives, but they never know when the rise
is due. Then the men go on strike and
in the course of a few days the ship
owners give in and things go on as usual
for another twelve months. Yesterday
150 men struck for a-n advance of $5 a
month for deckhands and 10 cents an
hour for longshoremen.
For the term ending June 24 the fol
lowing graduates of McNevin Brothers'
Navigation School have been granted
United States licenses as masters and
mates by the inspectors of hulls and
boilers: As masters— E. P. Wilson, L. H.
Howes. James Slon, H. M. G. Dahler, W.
H. Mackie, J. Mattsan, T. P. Dorris; as
mates— Harry Martilson, Erite Olsen,
Harry Thompson, C. C. Bruce, Mat T.
McKenna, Charles Hempier, Charles
Pillberg; pilots— E. Lampson, Prince Wll
liiims Sound and Copper River; W. Gus
tafßOn, San Francisco harbor; masters
chamber of Commerce, Charles Pillberg,
Donald Clow.
Honolulu was very much worked up
over the failure of the Peru to appear
on time. She was quarantined at Kobe,
Japan, for five days, and the Hawaiiana
thought she had gone direct to San Fran
cisco to serve as a transport. In conse
quence, all the mails that were Intended
for transportation oy the Peru were sent
on the United States gunboat Bennington,
which will probably not reach here before
Monday next. At one time there was
some talk of chartering the steamer
Claudine and sending her up with mail
and passengers.
The Peru stopped the second fleet or
transports and took all the mail the boys
had to send to their friends at home, bo
that it is now in the postofflce here being
distributed.
STATE NORMAL SCHOOL
GRADUATING EXERCISES
Names of the Sixty-Three Students
Who "Were Presented With
Diplomas.
SAN JOSE, June 24.— Graduating exer
cises were held at the State Normal
School yesterday, and sixty-three stu
dents were granted diplomas. This is the
first class to graduate under the new
four-year course. The hall was prettily
decorated and a fine musical and literary
programme was rendered. State Superin
tendent Black delivered an address and
presented the diplomas. The graduates
are:
Edith B. Bowers. Pearl E. Clark, Elizabeth
P. Cooper. Ida Fullagar, Dillla Gabler, Flor
ence L. Garratt, Bertha L. Hall, Hortense L.
Hammond, Luella Hopping, Minnie Johnston,
Margaret M. Kennedy, Grace M. King, Josle
McCabe, Dorothea Moore, Maude Miller, Har
riet E. Qulltv, Elizabeth Qulnlan, Nellie L.
Schroder. Ruth E. Thompson. Maud J. Towns
end, San Jose: Daisy M. Gibson, Winifred
Kane, Palo Alto; Mabel Abbott, Woodland;
Ella Armstrong. Woodland; Grace M. Bald
win. Santa Cruz; Estelle Blanchard, Santa
Cruz; Rachel C. Bynon, Birchville; Margaret
Clements. Clements; 1,. Maude Devoy, Eureka;
G. Gertrude Gordon, Hanford; Fannie M.
Gower, Gait; Eva Gunuldson, Dutch Flat;
Mabel Sherman Hall, Bloomfield; lola M.
Harris, Eureka; Grace Stanton Hewitt, Mar
tinez; Louise Altana Holbrook, Oakdale: Min
nie E. Lindsay, Eureka; Myra B. Monlove,
Selma: Bailie M. Mansfield. Kings City; Mrs.
Kate McCormank, Nevada City: Anna Blanche
McCualf?, Stockton; Seline Menihan, Cloverdale;
Mrs. Millie Morgan. Nevada City; Elizabeth
W. Naffzigar, Nevada City; Maude Hargrave
Nichols, Napa; Gertrude Noe, Woodland; Nel
lie G. O'Hara, Petaluma; Mabel Pfau. San
Miguel: Mabel Plummer, Grass Valley; Rozel
tha Lucile Potter, Ida M. Ray, San Diego;
Mattie Harwood Read, Napa; M. Lena Rice,
Eureka; Geraldlne Savage, Tulare County;
Julia R. Schau, Benicia; Anna B. Sullivan,
Marysville; Alice Gertrude Thompson, Clara E.
Vlney, Eureka; Marguerite M. Wagner, Helen
Irene Walker, Coulterville; Lottie Georgia
Walton, Carrie Farley Williams, Pleasanton;
Zoe H. Devoy, Eureka.
Session of the Senate.
WASHINGTON. June 24.— The confer
faranca reoort on the bankruptcy bill was
disposed of in the Senate to-day without
debate, being agreed to by a vote of 34
to 13. The Hawaiian annexation resolu
tions were under discussion through the
session except during a brief time when
routine business was disposed of. Three
measures designed to facilitate the work
of the War Department were passed
without controversy.
ORE FROM THE POINT
WHERE TROOPS LANDED
Armor Plates on Many of Sampson's
Ships Probably Made
From It.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Jnue 24.— A
curious fact is that ore shipped from
the point where the American troops
landed is usually reduced at the Car
negie Iron Works. It is not at all Im
probable that the armor plates on
many of the vessels in Admiral Samp
son's fleet are made from ore that came
from the mine there.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, June 24.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California:
Original— Richard Delancie, Oroville, $S;
Charles F. Holcomb, San Jose, 58; Robert
Erwin, Veterans' Home, Napa, $£ In
crease — Maris R. Vernon, Los Angeles, $6
to $8.
Oregon: Original — Whipple Naah, Eagle
Creek, $10. Increase— Adam D. Baker,
Phoenix, $8 to $10. Original widow—Chris
tena A. Porter, Garfleld, $8.
Washington: Original— Perry Winters,
Montesano, $6; Edwin Hinchcllffe, Seattle,
$8. m
The manners of Captain March
Of the Astor Battery
Described by Alice Rix
In Next Sunday's Call.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The situation In mining stocks was not Im
proved by the announcement that half a dozen
of the principal mines were to shut down to
night, and the market was depressed and neg
lected. The list of the closed mines appears
below.
Local securities were fairly active and quo
tations were not materially changed.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared Its regular monthly divi
dend of 50c per share, payable July L
The Oregon Gold Mining Company of Butte
County has levied an assessment of %c per
share, delinquent July 23.
The Highland Mining Company of South Da
kota paid a dividend of $20,000 on the 21st.
The Horn Silver Mining Company of Utah
will pay a quarterly dividend of $30,000 on the
30th.
The Buckeye Mining Company of Utah has
levied an assessment of lc per share, amount
ing to $4000.
The annual meeting of the Union Consoli
dated Mining Company has been called for
July 18.
Work will be suspended to-night In ths fol
lowing companies until July 5, or perhaps
thereafter: Consolidated California and Vir
ginia, Ophir, Mexican. Utah Consolidated, Best
& Belcher, Gould & Curry, Savage. How long
this suspension will last it Is Impossible to say
now. It is eaid to be prompted by economical
considerations.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, June 24—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask Bid.Ask.
<s quar coup.. lll 112 Pac Gas Imp.. — 56%
4s quar reg . . .10d%110% Pac L Co — 50%
| 4s quar new...124%1251e S F G & E... 86% 86%
I Miscellaneous — | San Fran .... 3 3'a
Cal-st Cab 55. 114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... — 100 Flrem's Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .128 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 85
F&CI Ry 68.113U — Bank of Ca1.. 244 —
Geary-st R 6s. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 96 9S
HC & S 6%5..100 105 First Nat ....202% —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A. ...125 130
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Mer : change 10 15
Market-st 65. .126 — Nev Nat 8.. ..152%160
Do Ist M 65..113%114 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L..1690 1660
NCNG Ry 75. 103 — Hum SAt L..1050 11G0
N Ry Cal 65.. 108 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55..101T4 — s F Say U.. 4SO —
NPC It R 58.101% — S& t. n0.... — 100
Oak Gas 55. ...100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d is 55.. — 111 Uninn '2 Co. looo —
Ora Ry 6s 125%— Street Railroad—
P & O 65... ..108% — California .... — 108
P &Cl Ry 65. 108 10S% Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65...118%120 Market-st .... 63% 53%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio 6 8%
Pac Eleeßyos.loo — Powder—
S F A N P 65.108 109 Vi California ....120 160
! SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 83 90
SPof Ar 65. .105% — Giant Con Co. 47% 4S
3 P Cal 65.... — 113 Vigorit 2% 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous —
SPBr 6s 112% — Al Pac Assn.. — 93%
S V Wat 65...U6%117 Ger Ld Wks..Uo —
S V Wat 45... 102 102% Hana P C 0.... 11% 13
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 H C & S Co.. 23T6 24%
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% 50
Contra Costa.. — 64 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 97 97% Oceanic S Co. 58% 60
Gaß & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2%
Cent gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0... .101 —
Mutual El Co. — HVi Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 47' i 47%
Morning Session.
25 B F Gas & Electric Co 86 60
20 Spring Valley Water 97 25
125 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar £4 00
25 Giant Powder Con 47 25
Afternoon Session.
60 S F Gas & Electric Co „. 86 B0
25 do do 86 62%,
40 Spring- Valley Water*. 97 25
110 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 00
25 Alaska Packers' Association 93 00
60 Giant Powder Con 47 87%
5 Hutchinson S P Co 49 75
Street—
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 69 00
INVESTMENT BOARD
Morning Session.
B0 Oceanic Steamship Co .— .„. 68 7B
Afternoon Session.
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 50
10 Market-street Railway 53 62%
60 Giant Powder Con _ 47 75
40 do do 47 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Best "- Belcher. 15 100 Overman 05
800 Bullion 03 100 Savage 04
100 Con Cal & Va.. 24 100 Sierra Nevada.. 55
100 23 60 56
?00 Confidence 30 500 Union Con 16
200 Ophlr 21
Afternoon Session.
JOO Yellow Jacket... 151100 Gould St Curry.. 09
500 Best & Belcher. 15 2no Ophir 'So
200 Challenge 14 200 Yellow Jacket... 15
W0 Con Cal & Va.. 22 i
Following were the sales In the Pacific Btock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Bullion 031200 Mexican .. ... n
100 Con Cal & Va.. 24!?OOOpnlr 21
100 Gould & Curry-- 10! 300 Savage 04
600 Hale & Norcrs. 601500 Silver Hill 04
1000 Justice 061500 Union Con 16
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 15|150 Ophir 21
lOChallenge 251400 20
1200 Chollar 05IW0 Potosi 05
lOOCon Cal & Va.. 22 300 06
850 Crown Point . 06 3no Sierra Nevada.. 63
*00 Gould & Curry.. OS 500 Union Con 15
200 Hale & Norcrs. 4t! ! 200 Yellow Jacket... 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June 24— 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha 01 03IJustlce — 06
Alta 04 05 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 03 8*! Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 04 06, Mexican 09 11
Best & Belcher 14 16 .Occidental 60 65
Bullion 02 03jOphlr IS 20
Caledonia 15 17! Overman 05 06
Chollar 05 06|Potosi 05 06
Challenge Con. 13 14' Savage 04 05
Confidence 25 30 Beg Belcher ... — 05
Con Cal & Va. 21 22 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 63 54
Cru«vf« Point .. 05 06 Silver Hill ... — 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 160 1 fis
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 15 16
Gould & Curry. 08 09 Utah 02 03
Hale & Norcrs. 46 — Yellow Jacket. 14 16
Julia — 02'
y^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
- A^isJl C 25 HEABXT ST. Established
fl^f l" jhA ln 1854 for the treatuipnt of Private
BB l,n,'wß Diseiiseß, Lost Manhood. Debility or
* hH \Bm disease wearing on body and mind and
k^H El skin Dineases. 'I'hedoctorcureswlien
H others fall. Try him. Charges low.
t ure«cuairtjil«-«-«l. Cull orwrlte.
| Dr. J. F. uIBBON, Box. 1937, San Francisco.
■ OCEAN 1 TRAVEL.
FOR 0, S. HAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
: , Steamer "Monticello." ■•■.- - • ■
Hon., Tuea., Wed., Thurs. and Sat i 1......
9:45 a. m... 8:16 p. m. » (S:3O p. m. ex. Tburs.)-
; Fridays ................... .1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
- Sundays - ................ 10:80 a. :m. and a p. an.
Landing and Offices— Mission ■ Dock. Pier i.m
: - / Telephone lied 12U. . .
AUCTION SALES.
IMPORTANT PUBLIC NOTICE.
.-.. ... - . . „. ■ ■ ■-.
Great Auction Sale
BY CATALOGUE. OB"
VALUABLE BOORS.
GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
The Immense Library of the Inde-
pendent Order of Odd Fellows, to
Be Sold at Auction by Order of
the Board of Trustees of the Li-
brary Association of the 1. 0. 0. F.
•- '-V*" I WILL SELL
At public auction - ! the Association Rooms,
cor. Market and Seventh sts.,' their entire mag-
nificent library, comprising upward of 15,000
volumes- standard works, embracing every
branch of literature, science, art, history, bi-
ography, belles lettres, travel, poetry, ro-
mance, valuable Illustrated books, bound Jour-
nals and magazines, London Art Journal from
1849 to 1882, San Francisco Bulletin from first
Issue in 1855 to 1884, complete t.'t of San Fran-
cisco directories, set Gentlemen's Magazine
(London) from 1731 to 1882; description of Egypt
in - French, published by nrder Napoleon, : 25
volumes text, 11 volumes plates; Russell
Scott's Naval Architecture, 8 volumes, with all
the *rreat variety of rare books contained In
this valuable collection.
SALE WILL COMMENCE
MONDAY, JUNE 27th INST.,
At > o'clock p. m. and at 7:80 p. m..
To continue dally at the same hour and place
until the entire library Is disposed of. .;,#■ '■-■-
Catalogues can be obtained at the Associa-
tion rooms, corner Market and Seventh sts.,
Friday. June 24. from 9 a. m. till 4 p. m.
GEORGE F. LAMSON. Auctioneer. .
OCEA2J T&AV3L.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Sfcj^ ■ Steamers leave Broadway
HiSslSSk.l ■ wharf, San Francisco.
H IJKggggh. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 HPEw i?S^ June 5 - 10 - 15 20 25 - 30 JulT 6
h IST fcJffAa^ transfer at Seattle.
' E^^Sm Yiq For ' Alaskan ports (from
!(ts»sfe«r"«orJ&! Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r^*<§&^s{\ June 5, 26, July 17, .August 4,
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
"** For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C ) Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Ankcortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m June 5, 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, July 6, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. I
Ry . at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For Eureka ' (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
June :, 7, 13, 19. 25. July 1. and every sixth
a For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Ca-ii'os, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, . Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., .June 2, 6. 10, 14, 18. 22, 26, SO.
July 4 and every . fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., June 4, 8, 12, 16, 20. 24. 23. July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San. Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (.Mex.), 10 a. m.. June 17,
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates j
and hn.irs r>f salllnsr.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F O RT L J± 2sT ID
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«QC 812 First Class Includlngr BertH
IMnL; £8 Second Class and Meals.
S"V SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ......r:. .........;...... .Juno 5, 14, 2.1
State of California .........Juno 8, 17, 24
Oregon June 11. 20. 29
St. Paul 00|St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 001 Chicago 27 60
Omaha ..26 00! New York ........ SI 00
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & . CO.,
Superintendents.
fHai MASS A The S. S. ALAMEDA
3aHnlL sa " 5 v a Honolulu and
I £^^" Auckland for Sydney
■ \, . Wednesday, July IS, at
CSi>r I* \ 2 p.m. .
SJPxfP^nint/ The sailing for Hone-
GMCGHlJlli^^ lu i u vn 9 29 is can-
/nmFffln/J^celed. -
iyilipQKer Line . to COOLGAR-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN,. South
Africa. . -
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
' . ' 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North -*£«»
River, foot of Morton st. Travel era <t£iE^£>
by this line avoid both transit by"™™«E>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, ■ via Parts, first class, $160;
second class. $116. ■ . -
LA BOURGOGNE.. ........July 2, 10 a. in.
LA TOURAINE July 9. 10 a. in.
LA NORMANDIE.. July 16. 10. a. m.
LA BRETAGNE.. ..;... July 23. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE ..........July 30, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to •
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE.- Agent. •
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. . ' ■—■
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck June 30|A. Victoria August 11
F. Bismarck.... July 2S]F. Bismarck.. August 25
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania... June 25 Pretoria. ./.... July 9
Palatia...... July 2|Patria ...... July IS
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St., cor. San6ome, San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KNICKERBOCKER
|\ SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN—
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
New York,
--Boston/
Montreal, .
Buffalo,;:
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati, J
Washington.
' Finest and ''' fastest regular , * train between
Mississippi River ; and Eastern Seashore over
greatest < system -of : transportation In v th»
. •world — the Vanderbilt i Lines. . .-» '- -, •■■■,-
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, Wash-
ington. Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
-■- This train allows half day's stop in St. Louis*'
and goes into the only depot in New .York
City. - -~- ■ ■ -'■■ .. : ■ -'■ ■- ■ ■•■■:■-■■ ■•' ; ■
-- : r C. W. GREEN.
'^Traveling Pass'r Agent..- Kansas City, Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD.
- Traveling Passenp-»rAp pnt. Dallas. Tex.
( V - •-: WM. P.;DEPPB. :
Ass' t Gen' l Passenger Agt.. St. Louis, Mo. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
J , From June 1, lis'JS, trains will run as tollows:
V South-bound. .. ; ; "^ North-bound.
Passen- : : Mixed ' ": .. . : Mixed 1 Passen- ;
v ger .;! Sunday . Bta- ' Sunday -ger;.'-
Daily.' Exc'pt'd tons. \ Exc'pt'd Dally.
',--i— — h— — '■ —
i 7:20 am 9:00 am I Stockton 8:45 pm 5:40 pin
9:10 a m 12:50 p m : Merced i 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 pm Fresno * 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 aml 6:45 p m { Hanford ~j- 7:45 a m 1:23 p m
• 1:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 am'
12:05 p m .7:50 p m Visa Ha ; 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
»' Stopping ; at : Intermediate 1 points ' as ' required/
; * Connections— At Stockton with : steamboats -of
I California Navigation I and Improvement Com-
■ pany. leaving San I Francisco and Stockton at I
p. m. daily: 4at S Merced .« with ' stages .to . and
from a Snellings, i- s Coultervllle, \ Yosemlte. ■.: etc.;
also with . stage ■ from i Hornl Marlposa, • etc.
I at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
I BAILIEIOAD TBAVEL.
•OtTUGBX I»A€IFIC COMFAJTS". I
' (PAOiriO BVHTBM.)
! rralai lenv« nml »re tin* *• »rrl»» ■• ;
- • , ■ SAN I'IUSH:i««. .■■•.■
. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) » .
tKAT« — From Jpkb 1. 1898. '"-'- *Mry»
•0:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... **•*%*
7:00*. Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... *»••»•»»■
7:0Oa Marysvilie, Orovilleand Kedding ?ia _..'■'§
Woodlaud 5-1^
7:OOa VacaTilie and Bumaey.. v •■■••• ■»«*
7s3Oa Martinez, San Uaraon.VaJeJo, Naps, -.. _ *
. Calistoga ami Santa R05a........:.. -.-" JII2J;.
8:00 a Atlantic Uxpress, Ogilen and K"t.. » l *°'
■iSOANiles, San Jose. Stockton, lone, ,:
. Sacramento, Marysvillo, Cnioo, ,-_
TehamaaudlteaJtlult.. ,V '™' .
•8(SOa Peters, Milton. Oakdale " JIM
ttiMOA New Orleans Kspress, Merced, I 1 res- .
no, liakersliel.l. Santa lUrliara.
I^a Angeles, Deminß, El Paso, -._
New Orleaus and Kast ....:.. ••*!?*
• 1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ?'*•»*
•1:OOP Sacramento Klver Stoaitiers: •i.*:
I ....... San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... :»«1»A
«:OOp Livenuore, Mer.dota, Hanford ana _
Viiialia.. • ...»-•• 4llSr
LlTormore, San Jose, Niles and Way • ■■' _;
Stations * ' ..•...'••. JlwtlwA i
Fresno, YoVemite! Merced, Martioex iailsF
4>OOp Martinez, Ban ltainon, Vallejo .
Napa. Caliatoifa, ErVerano and - -
Sttiitaltoaa •• •» 18 *
4iOOr Benicia,- VaoaTllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing. MsrjrsTllle, Oro- ■ ■
Title and.Sacr».iiento..... *" .2*
«-.3rtp Niles, San Jo»e, Tr&cy and Stockton .. « «• »'
4iBop Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (James-
town for YoseuiUe), Merced. *■»»•>*
ti3op Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda
..'•. ■;* (Kaymond for Yosemite), Fresno. .»
MojaTe, Santa Barbara and Los
AugelM.. ■■»!«*.
4l»Op Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Kxpress f . ._
for MoiaTe and Ea5t...... I 14?'I 14 ?'
8:00 Knropeau Mall, Ogden and East.... _»'*'!•*
•«:OOp Vallejo ""•ilf.'iJ?*
oi«OpHHywortui. Nile* and Ban Jose 7:40 A
{7:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way S»a- ar
tions t»:«»
SiOOp Oregon Kxpruss, Sacramento, Marys-
Tillo. lteililing, Portland, -.riiiek ,_
Botiml ami East :....... »il»a
■' SAN LKAMIItO AM) HAVWABI>S LOCAL.
. (Foot 'of Market Street,.)
1 Melrose, Seminar/ Park, ( 7 S '* A
SiOAa Fltcliburir, Klmharst, 'JSli'^
,2 ! 22 A San Utndro, Soiith Sa« \\ ***
lii-.oot Lewdro,Est«aillo, U'.lsr
1I«oom ' Lorenco, Cherry ■ «lt4»»
5:00p _ *" d , t»t*»r
SiOOp . Hay wards. *S'f r*
7:00p i Runs through to Nile*. Tl4sp
J t From Nlles. I,
COAST I»IV1SI»N (Narrow tiaage).
I (Foot of Market Street.) -
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cms " ■
and Principal Way Stations....... • :««©5»
SilSa Newark, CenterTille, San Jo»e, Felton,
Boulder Creek, and Way
1 Stations 8l»0»
•SilSr Newark, OenterTille, San Jose, New
;j* -'-- Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.. M«t»«*
■ - 4:15p San Jose, Glen wood * Way Stations »:20x
e4tlBp Boulder Crock and Santa Pr 05...... Jtti»WA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from 818 FRANCISCO— Foot of M»rk«t Street (Slip I)— ".
•7:15 . 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:00 13:00
. •4:00 tB:OO •6:00 p.m.
rr«mOUU»D— Foot of Br.Uwiy.— "B:oo 8:00 - 10:00 A.M.
. 1 12:00 «l:00 tJ:OO " *3:00 ti:QO »B:OQr.M.
' COAST DIVISION (Bread tinge).
- (Third and Towngend Sts.)
; •7iOOABaii Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almauen Wednesdays only) li 30»
t7i2o a Sunday Excursion for San Jose. ■ -'?- v ■«
Saute Cruz, Paciflo Grove and
Principal Way Stations {•>•»*
•i*Oa Han .lost), Tres I'inos, Santa Cm*.
PaciOc Grove, I'aso Rubles, San
l.iils <>hi»[io, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4il*r
lOi4Oa Sau Jose mid Way Stations *S>oo*
11i30a San Jose and Way Stations ....... *StBa_
•2:43 p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollistwr, Santa Crux,
. Salinas, Monterey and Paollio
Grore »IOiS«»
•»iSOp San Jose and Way Stations »»:OOa
•451.1p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:45*
•5:O«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:33 a
0:30p San Jose and Principal Way Static** . B:30*
6:! tOp San Jose ami Way Stations v 7:30"
♦ ll;4Sp San Jose and Way autlons **T;30»
A for Morning. ' V for Afternoon.
'Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays ouly
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sondays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Faro, Foot of Market 91*
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.AFAEI- > '
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:85,
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:6a
and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO. i
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; IJ:4S-
8:40, 5:10 p. in. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. - - .
Between Ban Francisco and SchueUen Park
same schedule as above.
__,, — ._ — __
; Leave Arrlvo
San Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
— April 23. . .
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- I Weak
Days. I days. Destination, days. ( Days.
.7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm] Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
- I Fulton, . ]
. 7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 sum
. . - . Healdsburg.
.- Lytton,
Geyserville, -J
8:30 pm| 8:00 am] Cloverdale. | 7:85 pm[ 6:tt pm
7:30 am - Hopland and 10:25 am
_ 3:30 pm 8:00 am __ Ukiah. 7:36 pm 6:22 pni
7:30 am > 10:25 am
■ . 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:86 pm
3:30 pm - I■• ' | 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' 0:40 am 8.40 am
• • ' and
' 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ) 6:10 pm| 6:22 pn '
7:30 am 8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm .; 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
.- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
rervilie for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saritoga>
! Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Uppe*
! Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Bide, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullville, Booneville, Orr'B Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg," Westport, Usal. -
Saturday to Monday round-trip - ticket* ■ at!
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
* and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car* -
Run on the Following Times s .',
"Leave San Francisco. 4:3o p..m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver .'...V... 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas " City..? :00 a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis.. 8:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrlv« Chicago... 9:00 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W,
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS ;
, Bervo Superior -Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pe.
Ml FHASCISCS TICKET^??icE— --844 MARKET SI
"Chronicle Building. .Telephone Main ISM, . '
Oakland Offioe— Broadway. ;
Sacramento Offioe- 2)1 ; J. Street.
San JoBO Offioe— 7 West Santa 01ar» St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. ; ; :
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1838.
. : - , WEEK DAYS.; ,_ - ..■-■■-■
S For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m. »1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, .•6:00.
6:30 p. m. . ■ : . - ■
Extra trips for San I Rafael on . Mondays,
Wednesdays, : Saturdays . and Sundays . at 11:30
p. m. "
,-..■- .■/.-■■ ; : : SUNDAYS. '• i ■'.■:.■-■ '
.' For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 'S:*), *9:00,
•10:00. 11:00,: 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00, »1:45, »2:30, •4:00, -'
5:30, 6:45 p. m. .. •
.\ 11:00 a. m. does not ran to San Rafael.
■ 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
: Trains • marked •■ run to San Quentin. ■
.: THROUGH TRAINS. . -
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and : way. sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week l days (Sat. : ex.) — Tomales and
'■'..'■.way stations. ".,'•'.- ' . " . ." • : " :
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
1:45 p. m Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■ ..* (Via Sausalito ; Ferry.)
' J Leave ; San Francisco, commencing ' May 1,
i 1SS8: •■-:'■■• ■ ' ■ -■ , ■ ■ :-;■-■:- ■ .■/';.
; Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 8:00. 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
5:30 p.m. '-■'-» .
• Round; trip from Mill - Valley, 1 $1. ■
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 ; Market
street. ■ San • Francisco. ■..-■■. ■
ISli $1.50 Her Year
1112
JUDGE HUNT
IS QUICKLY
VINDICATED
Charges Against Him
Groundless.
HE IS STILL EXECUTOR
PETITIONERS HAD NO PROOF OF
MISMANAGEMENT.
Decision Rendered by Judge Troutt
Exonerating the Jurist — Order
for Distribution of
Moneys.
Attorney E. Q. Knapp, who not long
ago, on behalf of Eastern heirs, he al
leged, filed a petition for the removal
of Judge John Hunt as executor of the
estate of George F. fcharp, was rendered
hors de combat in the legal battle with
out a great struggle yesterday. As the
hours of trial passed by it became more
and more manifest that Knapp was in
court without a case and minus evi
dence to support it if he had one.
'lhe result was that Judge Hunt still !
occupies the position of executor of the :
estate, a position which he has capably i
filled for fifteen years to the satisfaction j
of all the heirs, who had an opportunity ■
of investigating his management, and a !
Judgment of the court will soon be hand
ed down which will act as an estoppel to !
any such proceeding as the one just dis
posed of, which was characterized, not
withstanding vigorous protestations from
Knapp, as "a slanderous, unwarranted j
attack, having no basis and Badly lack- j
ing In verification."
The filing of the petition for the removal !
of Judge Hunt as executor of the rich !
estate caused considerable comment at .
the time, but none unfavorable to the ex- i
ecutor. It was charged in the petition
that the estate had been grossly miaman- I
aged; that the duties of the executor us ;
Judge ot the Superior Court prevented
him from properly curing for the Interests
of the heirs; that the executor had failed
to sell When lie should have disposed <>i'
property arid sold when such a proceeding
resulted in loss to the estate. The peti
tion further declared that owing to such \
mismanagement the value of tne estate
had been reduced not thousands but hun
dred of thousands of dollars,
"When the case was taken up by Judge |
Troutt yesterday two petitions were on
lile for hearing — one for the removal of ;
Judge Hunt, the other a petition of the >
executor for leave to mortgage property I
belonging to the estate for the- sum of '
$35,000. The first petition was contested j
by Judge Hunt and the second by Attor- |
ney Knapp, who was conlident that it |
was not to the best interest of the estate
to mortgage the real estate as proposed. I
This b<ing the fact, the executor and the
attorney representing the Eastern heirs
stood as opponents in each action, their
positions, however, as petitioner and re
spondent being reversed.
The petition to mortgage the real estate
was first considered by the court. Attor
ney Knapp had made a prior statement, I
in which he stated that ue represented
i U yen heirs who reside in N^v.- York.
These heirs are entitled to ono -fourth vi
the estate, he said, and strongiy opposed
mortgaging the property, but were in
favor of selling a portion of i: in order
that all claims against the estate might
be settled and the property distributed.
On the other side, however, Mrs. Hmwia
Sharp, widow of George F. Sharp, and
Eliza Sharp, representing three-fourths
of the estate, were anxious that the prop
erty be mortgaged and all claims settled.
The claims at present against the estate ■
amount to about $33,000, exclusive of taxes
and other incidentals, but owinx to tne I
generosity of the executor, tne attorneys
and the widow of George r\ Sharp, the !
amount of $?.5.000 will be amply si rtlcient j
to meet all olbligations that may arise !
prior to the final settlement < f the estaie. |
Mrs. Honora Sharp originally held claims ;
against the estate for $31,000, It it compro
mlsed on a figure of $25,000 in order to |
expedite the final settlement of tne es- I
tate. The commissions of Judge Hunt I
amounted to $45"0, and the attorneys
representing the executor, Sullivan & Su!- j
livan, had claims against the estate !
amounting from $10,000 to $20,000, but in
order to satisfy demands of creditors and
reach a settlement the amount due Juds°
Hunt was reduced at his suggestion to
$3000, and Sullivan & Sullivan agreed to
accept, in satisfaction of all demands, the
sum of $5000.
These nominal figures represented
$5000. These nominal figures represents i
almost the entire fees requested after
almost sixteen years of litigation, during
which period thirty suits had be?n fll«=-d
by and against the estate, and a large
majority resulted favorably to the heirs,
who, as alleged by Knapp, Bought to re
move the executor, and, incidentally, the
attorneys whom he had chosen to rtpre
sent him.
Judge Hunt was first placed upon the
stand. He gave his reasons why in his
opinion the property should be mortgaged.
Knapp questioned the jurjst at length in
a vain endeavor to sned favor on the
stand taken by his clients. Judge Hunt
left the stand, and then, to the surprise
of Knapp, Attorney Mat Sullivan intro
duced statements from a number of the
Eastern heirs represented by Knapn who
signified their willingness to have the
property mortgaged. When all the docu
mentary evidence was in it was found
that Knapp's clientage had reduced so
that he represented but 23-lGoths of the es
tate. As he had no evidence to prove th«
wishes of that small percentage the case
went over at 5 o'clock in the evening un
til 8 o'clock to give the surprised attorney
an opportunity to get letters he said he
had in his possession that would estab
lish the stand his clients had taken.
When the court" reconvened at 8 o'clock,
however, Mr. Knapp was unable to pro
duce letters signifying the wishes of his
clients bearing- a date later than the state
ments Introduced on behalf of the execu
tor, and the case stf>od submitted.
The petition for the removal of the ex
ecutor was next taken up and Attorney
Sullivan filed in court the answer of Judge
Hunt to the petition asking for his re
moval. It entered a general denial to all
the allegations of the petition. At this
point Knapp arose and addressed the
court. To the surprise of Judge Hunt ana
his counsel, Knapp stated tfcat on a re
consideration of matters he was of
the opinion that the interests of his
clients would best be subserved by a dis
missal of the petition. He stated that
personally he had no desire to prosecute
the action and needs must take exception
to the remarks of opposing counsel char
acterizing the petition as slanderous, false
and without foundation. The petition, he
said, made no attack upon the integrity
of Judge Hunt as a man, neither did it
criticize him, but Judge Hunt as a man
and Judge Hunt as executor of the es
tate of George F. Sharp were different
beings. He requested, however, the dis
missal of the petition.
This action did not meet with the ap
proval of opposing counsel, who insisted
that the case be heard, that the evidence
disapproving the allegations might go on
record. They did not wish a dismissal,
as the next day similar unbased ani
false charges, they said, might be lodged
against their client. They wished a judg
ment based upon findings that would act
as an estoppel to similar actions that
might be instituted in the future through
a spirit of revenge or otherwise.
'"We wish to go ahead with this mat
ter," said Mat Sullivan, "that we may
prove the motive that prompted the f.i
ing of this petition. I reiterate my *'ate
ment that the charges are false, slaoder
ous and unwarranted, and 1 wish to ts
tablish the facts with competent evi
dence." •
Again Knapp objected to the state
ments of counsel, and asked that the
proceeding be summarily dism'ssed, but
the court took the view as suggested by
Attorney Sullivan, and stated that fnd
ings would be drawn up and '.ho judg
ment based on them. Judge Troutt then
made an order permitting the cou-t to
mortgage the property, as requested in
the petition.
Prior to making the order Judg-> Troutt
stated that Judge Hunt was too w*;i
known In tbe community to put fortn a
defense to the charges brought against
him; that his character and integrity
were unimpeachable, a-nd tho charges to
the contrary lai ked verification. In con
sequence, the petition :iskirig for his re
moval was denied. The court then signed
an order for the distribution to the heirs
of motleys received from the sale of min
ing property belonging to the estate, and
court stood adjourned.
SOLDIER BOYS WILL SWIM.
Entries That Have Been Received for
Aquatic Contests at Sutro's.
Tho following entries from the regi
ments have been made with Edward
Moury of the Sutro baths for the aquatic
contests which will be held on Sunday af
ternoon:
60-yard dash. Nevada, prize silver medal — H.
Bain, C. GlarJc, H. Campbell, G. Woods, C. E.
Stewart. \V. J. Mclntyre, T. E. Ohl, T. Hurry,
W. Hruoe. Q. Treevert. D. Thompson, J. Ken
nedy, Troop A.
Long diving or under-water swimming con
test, prize silver medal — G. Wlnkler. D. Smith,
Washington; C. E. Hillman. Tennessee; H.
Rain. C. Glade, E. Lyster, W. Stackleson, W.
J. Melntyre, W. Bruce. Troop A, Nevada.
7,' -yard dash, Tennessee, prize silver medal —
j. Loveless, Company I; M. o. Martlndale, J.
A. Hodge. O. ML !'.<;m, S. Whittle, Company
A; Ed 15. Kimber. O. Prake, Company D; W.
K. Harris, J. I. Gallimore. Company C; J. E.
Hopkins, T. D. Fuller, Company E; N. K.
Griffin, Company F; C. Berry, C. Gord. Com
pany B; C. Tidwell, C. Aker, C. Staker, Com
pany H.
100-yard dash. Fourteenth Infantry, prize sil
ver medal— J. Lawler, C. E. Peering, E. An
derson, Company X; E. J. Lawson, Company
M; A. Shisler, A. Thompson, H. Sweitzer,
Company L.
High-diving contest (interreglmental) for the
championship of volunteers, prize silver medal
— J. C. Shepard. Tennessee; G. le Rue, Seventh
California Regiment; G. Wlnkler, Washington;
J. 6taumbaugh. lowa.
TROOPS TO PARADE.
Over Nine Thousand Soldiers Pledged
to Turn Out on the Fourth.
The sub-committee arranging for the j
i Fourth of July committee put in a day of |
■ hustling yesterday, and as a result have
secured promises which Insure a turnout
of at least 9000 soldiers. This does not in- |
elude any of the troops likely to leave this ;
city before that time, nor does it count i
! any of those which may arrive in the i
| meantime and will be available. The com- ;
: mitteemen are in hopes that all the bri- \
i gade commanders will turn out at the
1 head of their respective columns, but i
i have received no assurance that such will ■,
|be done. The troops pledged to parade
; are as follows:
lowa regiment and band, Tennessee ;
'■ regiment and band, Kansas regiment and !
1 band. Seventh California and band, Troop ;
A. Fourth Cavalry, with mounted band
of fifty pieces, two'battalions of Washing- '
j ton infantry, one battalion Montana j
I troops, Sixth California, Third United
i States Artillery. First California Artil- '
I lery. volunteer? and the A?tor Artillery.
Chief Lees has promised to keep the <
i streets clear if it is necessary, and call
■ out the entire force, and a platoon of
; police will act as escorts.
TO PRISON FOR LIFE.
Nineteen-Year-Old Boy Sent to Prison
by Judge Wallace for Complicity
in a Robbery.
Joseph Windrow's youth did not save
him from life imprisonment yesterday.
Although numerous appeals were made to
Judge Wallace for a light sentence the
Nemesis of crooks proved obdurate. He
stated that sentences were imposed not
only for crime, but chiefly a's a protection
to society.
The unfortunate boy was mixed up in
a robbery which occurred a month ago
in which the proprietor of a grocery store
on the corner of Pacific and Mason
streets was badly beaten. All engaged in
the crime were arrested. Joseph Theron
and George Barker, the leaders in the
robbery, were sentenced a week ago D>
the same Judge to life imprisonment, ana
in meting out the §ame punishment to
young Windrow Judge Wallace followed n.
precedent he established years *ago.
The Manners of Captain March.
Of the Astor Battery
Described by Alice Rix
In Next Sunday's Call.
TO AID ST. JOHN'S CHURCH.
Entertainment at Cortland Avenue I
and Folsom Street to Take Place
To-Night.
The people residing on Cortland avenue
; and Folsom street will give aji entertain
j ment to-morrow evening at their hall on j
Cortland avenue in aid of St. John's j
I Catholic Church. The entertainment will |
'' be to provide funds for the Robert Em- ;
! met booth, which will form a part of the
; attractions at the forthcoming fair in aid
'■■ of the church.
Mrs. J. M. Lester and Mrs. H. Meyers,
I who have charge of the entertainment,
i have labored most industriously during
i the past few weeks, getting together the ]
S best available talent for the evening. An
i address will be delivered by Eugene D.
■ Sullivan, and Company C, League of the
: Cross Cadets, will be there in a body.
Grand Birdseye View.
Camp Merritt, on plate paper, 25x0
inches. Worth framing. "With S. F. News
Letter to-day. •
LEAGUE LEADERS HAVE
THAT TIRED FEELING
Cincinnati, Boston and Cleveland
Lose Games to the Lesser
Lights.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pc. Clubs— W. L. Pc.
Cincinnati ..86 20 .643 New Y0rk... 28 27 .509
Boston 35 21 .fi2.' | Philadelphia 24 28 .462
Cleveland ...33 22 .600 ! Brooklyn ....22 31 .415
Baltimore ...31 22 .883 Washington .21 35 ,375
Chicago 32 25 .561 St. L0ui5. ...20 36 .357
Pittsburg ...31 25 .£.54 Louisville ...19 40 .322
CINCINNATI, June 24.— The Reds had
a bad case of that tired feeling to-day.
Their wretched fielding allowed the Sen
ators to win. Hawley was relieved by
Damman in the seventh. Attendance
1600. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 11 7
Washington 10 15 2
Batteries— Hawley, Damman and Peltz; Mer
cer and Farrell. Umpires — Wood and Swart
wood.
CHICAGO, June 24.— The Brooklyns
played ( a nice fielding game to-day, but
were unable to do much with Callahan.
The Orphans evened up their loose play
by a whole lot of timely hitting. Attend
ance 2500. Score: •
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 8 12 5
Brooklyn 4 8 1
Batteries — Callahan and Donahue; Beck,
Dunn and Ryan. Umpires— Emslie and Curry.
LOUISVILLE, June 24.— Piatt pitched
fine ball and the Colonels were lucky to
get one run. Both teams played good
ball in the field. Attendance 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia ..' 3 10 3
Louisville 14 1
Batteries — Piatt and McFarland; : Dowllng
and Kittridge. Umpires— Snyder and Connelly.
PITTSBURG, June ; 24.— The game to
day was one of the most exciting and
brilliant ever played on the home
grounds. Attendance 2000. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 14 1
Boston 2 10 3
Batteries Gardiner Schrlver " and ■ Bowerman ;
,Klobedanz and Bergen. .Umpires— Cushman
and Heydler. .
■ CLEVELAND, June Jones, the
pitcher, who has been in 111 health and in
whom the Cleveland , Club hoped it t had
found a wonder, was put In the i box to
day. , In the ' fourth inning .he went to
pieces and lost " the game. ' Attendance
1400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 9 3
New Y0rk...............:...... ......... 11 14 0
■ Batteries— Jones. Kelb and Criger; Seymour
and Grady. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
ST. LOUIS, June 24.— Hughey pitched a
wonderful game against the Orioles to
day. In the eighth inning, when he had
struck two ' men out. Maul, McGraw ■'" and
Keeler made singles, y Attendance : 2300,
Score:
Clubs — ." R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 9 1
Baltimore ."....:'..... ....;;".v.... .....;..: 4 6 1
Batteries— Hughey and Clements; ■ Maul and
Robinson. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
* TACOMA, June 24.— Tacoma, 3, 8,2;
Portland, 5, 11, 3.
SPOKANE. June Seattle, 14, 12, 9;
Spokane, 9, 17, 10. .. * ;,-. - ■.-•■'-:
■ ♦ ■
War as an Investment,
: By Russell ' Sage, ; ; .
v».i In next Sunday's < CalL ; -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JVJSE 25, 1898.
EQUINE STARS
WILL CONTEST
American Derby to Be
Decided To-Day.
WASHINGTON PARK OPENING
PLAUDIT AND LIEBER KARL
WITHDRAWN.
Mirthful and Pink Coat Probably
Will Carry the Bulk of
the Public's
Coin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, June 24. — Washington
Park will open to-morrow for a twen
ty-five days' running meeting, the first
since the summer of 1894, when the agi
tation against races made all of the
Chicago tracks close their gates. As
usual, the special feature will be the
American Derby, with $10,000 added
money. The race, while lacking the
high quality that has characterized it
in former years, Is a very open one and
will undoubtedly bring out a close con
test. There are nine probable starters,
although the right to declare out or
start within forty minutes of the race
makes the number uncertain. Plaudit
and Ueber Carl will not start, the for
mer having been shipped to New York
to train for the Realization, and the
latter having pulled up lame on Thurs
day morning after working the dis
tance in 2: 36i£, without being dis
tressed.
Of those left. Mirthful, A. H. and D.
H. Morris' candidate, will be the most
fancied, chiefly on account of his good
races in the East. Pink Coat, which
won the St. Louis derby last Saturday,
beating Plaudit, also is well thought of.
In this race he will have to carry
twenty pounds more than he did a
week afro. Isabey, the winner of the
Detroit Derby, and Ed Farrell, which
has won some good races at St. Louis,
are new comers and add to the uncer
tainty of the outcome. Following are
the derby entries, with weights and
jockeys:
Horse. Weight. Jockey.
Pingree 122 Clawsnn
Rannockburn 122 Thorpe
Mirthful 122 Llttlpfteld
Mld'an 122 H. Martin
Ed Farrell 122 Snell
Isabey 122 Knaj>p
Traverser .....125 H. Shields
Pink Onnt 127
Wnrrentcn 122 Caywood
Indications are for clear weather and
fast track. The future betting has
been very light.
RESULTS OF THE RACES.
Close of the Meeting at the Harlem
Track.
CHICAGO. June 24.— Last day at Har
lem. Weather fair; track good. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Dousterswlvel won,
Loyalette second, Czarowitz third. Time, 1:16'«.
Second race, mile and seventy yards— Pinar
del Rio won. Jack of Hearts second. Neceilah
third. Time, l:4.">Vi.
Third race, four and a half furlongs—Fox
nette won. Guess Me second. Chance third.
Time. :uf.
Fourth race, six furlongs— The Manxman
won. Imp. Mistral II second, Dave Waldo
thlni. Time, 1:14 V
» race, one mile— Donna Rita won. Gra
zlelia second, Treeby third. Tim?, 1.42 V;.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Enchanter won Tlv?
Tory peennd, Zamar II third. Time, l:15)fe.
Seventh race, one mile— Topmast won, llnsl
second, Xathanson third. Time. 1:43.
CINCINNATI, June 24.— Weather fine;
track fast. Results: *
First race, mile and seventy yards— Duncan
Bell won, Royal Dance second. The Planet
third. Time. 1:44%.
Second race, live furlongs— Rockland won.
Lucky Jim second. Ward H third. Time. 1:03^.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling— Violet
Parsons won, Saratoga second. Miss C third.
Time. 1:28V4.
Fourth race, two miles, selling— Kitty B
won, Gunst second, Sir Kbony third. Time,
Fifth race, five furlongs— France? D won.
Drop Curtain second, Jessie Jorbo third. Time,
1:03.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Cecil won.
Liew Anna second, Lylls third. Time. 1:28 V
ST. LOUIS, June 23.— Weather pleasant;
track fast. Results:
First race, four and a half furlongs—Head
water won, Jerry Hunt second, Mr. Brock
wood third. Time.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Sir Dick
won Howitzer second. Bequeath third. Time,
1:16.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Minr.le Wel
don won, Al Lone second, Harrle Floyd thin!.
Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, handicap — Col.
Gay won. Nick Carter second. David third.
Time, I:M%.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Kisme won, Can I See 'Em second. Uncle Abb
third. Time, 1:47.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs — Dandy
H won, Candock second. Mad Anthony third.
Time, :56%.
DENVER, June 24.— Results at Over
land Park:
First race, pacing— Raymond M won In three
straight heats. Best time. 2:11%. E. S. was
second and Lottie Smart third.
Second race, trotting— Klamath won In two
straight heats. Best time, 2:11>4. Carlisle
Carno also started.
Third race, running, four and a half fur
longs—Melody won. Blue Sign second, Dlnan
Watts third. Time. :55H-
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Tulare won.
Daylight second, Mary Barnes third. Time,
1:30.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Charlemagne won.
Reel second. Sir Kenneth third. Time, 1:154.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Royal
Lancer won, Rossmore second. Watch the
Scales third. Time, 1:09.
Winners at the Chess Tables.
VIENNA. June 24.— 1n the seventeenth
round of the international chess masters'
tournament the following were the re
sults: Trenchard and Blackburn drew,
Janowskl defeated Walbrodt, Lipke beat
Marco and Halprln won from Maroczy.
The adjourned game of the fifteenth round
between Tarrasch and Janowski was won
by Tarrapch. Alapin beat Schiffers, Baird
beat Showalter, Burn and Plllsbury and
Caro and Schlecter drew. Tarrasch and
Tschigorin adjourned their game the sec
ond time.
Doherty Defeats Hobart.
LONDON, June 24.— 1n the semi-finals
of the all-English championship lawn ten
nis tournament at Wimbledon to-day R.
F. Doherty of Cambridge University, who
won the championship last year, beat
Clarence Hobart, the American player,
by 6—2, 6—4,6 — 4, 6—4. In the doubles Hobart
and Nisbet beat Simond and Carida by
6—o, 10-8, 6—4.
Bead the thrilling story of the
bombardment of San Juan by an
English blockade runner who passed
the American fleet, in next Sunday's
Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, June 24.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 55 hours from San
Pedro.
Br Stmr Coptic, Sealby, 28 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 15 days and 21 hours, and
Honolulu 5 days 2 hours and 35 mln.
Br stmr Nlngchow, Cross, 72 hours from De
parure Bay.
SAILED.
Friday, June 24.
Br bark Penrhyn Castle, Evans, Portland; In
tow of tug Wizard.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 24— Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived June 24— Stmr Umatllla,
hence June 20.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 24— Schr
Beulah, from Alaska.
. ♦ .
"Great Fortunes Made in War," in
next Sunday's Call.
DAL HAWKINS
MEETS DEFEAT
Knocked Out by "Spike"
Sullivan.
EXHIBITS GREAT GAMENESS
IIAS THE BETTER OF IT jjOR
TWENTY ROUNDS.
Left Swing on the Head Does the
Trick When the Californian
Appears to Be a
Winner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 24.— "Spike" Sulli
van of Boston knocked, out Dal Haw
kins, the lightweight boxer from Cal
ifornia, in the twenty-second round of a
twenty-five round bout to-night at the
Lenox Athletic Club. These two men
met at 133 pounds and put up an ex
cellent fight. Hawkins had the better
of the contest on points up to the
twentieth round, when Sullivan floored
him with a left swing on the head.
Every one though the fight was over
right there, but Dal surprised them by
regaining his feet in six seconds. He
was very groggy, but game to the core.
Sullivan, flushed with apparent victory,
rushed wildly and tried to land an ef
fective blow, but in his anxiety and
haste missed each attempt, so the bell
Interfered.
Dai's legs were weak whe.n he came
up for the twenty-second round, but
the blow which floored him in the
twentieth round had evidently done its
work more forcibly than outward ap
pearances indicated. The Californian's
friends took heart at seeing their man
come to time so gamely and thought
that he would last the limit; but. after
a minute of fighting, Dai's chances
wero quickly settled by a terrible right
swing on the jaw, which put him out.
His seconds worked over him for near
ly five minutes, while the spectators
were yelling like crazy people. Dal
finally came to, after a few minutes,
and was able to leave the ring unas
sisted.
The Western sporting men lost a lot
of money by the defeat of Hawkins, as
all through the fight they kept back
ing him at liberal odds on his chances
of success.
Read what Russell Sage has to say
on "War as an Investment," in next
Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs M Warring, Cal MrsH S Mitchell. Conn
G Becker. Denver S C Wallis & w, Cal
C Burke, Denver Mrs S Summerfield &
J W Cherry &w, Utah s, Reno
W H Allison. Cal R A Blair, Cal
H T Hoppe & w, Ohio L Coates, Napa
B T Stone, Modesto IH M Tenney. S Jose
A B Benntson, OaklndlJ Flshel, Cal
T R Hartman. S Jose T S Nlßhtlngale, S A
P Wickersham, Cal IE M Porter, Napa
W V Stafford. Cal A T Ames. Cal
H P Weber, S Jose A A Srnallfleld. Stktn
C C Slnan. Milwaukee E L WUholt. Stktn
M Cody & w, Cal T Barnes, Lompoc
L Huscgins, Omaha F S GifTord, Cal
W Hugglns, Mo II A Bell, Sacto
J D Mallon, Colo W F Peterson, Sacto
II P Walton, Honolulu A S Ross, Sacto
J X Ward & w, Cal C F Stumm. Wls
H W Walker. Cal T H Buckingham. Cal
C E Lindsay. S Cruz |A M Daniels, Boston
T W II Shanahan &lMrs J T Lewis, H I
w, Cal |Mlsb H S Lewis, H I
A F Cowdsa, S Jose |R L Ellzey, La
Mrs W W Thatcher, 1 1 T Fell, Liverpool
Hopland Q Chase, Bellota
M Cafferate, Nev ;E R King, N V
E P McKaln & w, Cal G L Allen & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
M M Potter. L Ang Mrs J B Clayborg & 2
E L Woode, Colo c, Helena
C A Sheets, Ohio Mrs W J Hradshaw &
Mrs C A Sheets, Ohio c. N V
W S Nixey. London C H Skidmore, N V
Mrs W S Nixey, Londn L Rodgers, Salinas
Miss J A Pease, Conn Mrs F W Moore, Cal
Miss A E Bates, N V ,W J Allen, London
H R Boynton, Cal Mrs Seager, London
D F Warnock, Chicago! B F Block, N V
H L Pace, Tulare T M Alles, N V
O G Sage, Sacto S F Gillerman, Chgo
R G Brown, Hodle M S Agulre. Mcx
Mrs R G Brown, Bodie G S Agulre, Mcx
H Jacoby, NY 'HI de Sanches. Mcx
J F Farraher, Yreka R Jones, Mcx
L Workman, Gazelle M S Jones, Mcx
J B Clayborg. Helena
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F C Prescott. Cal D Goodman, Chicago
Dr & Mrs Carley, Cal W C Nations, El Paso
M E Harris, Oakland F Birrtsall. Sacto
J Owens & w, Oakland F Charles. New York
J Dalton & w, OHkland Dr C Harrison. Cal
J D Stanley, Cal L G Hare. Salinas
R ,T Fitzgerald, Cal J R Mnnajrher, U S N
B Fletcher, Rio VlPta .T Schilling. St Louis
J S Josephs, NY N L M.-iguire. Chicago
J L BeviS, St Louis W Bernard. Michigan
Mrs J ■' ■ ■ ' (- r ,i r t Ralston, Phlla
Miss P Hlckler, Cal A Seldner. New York
D \ ... .. w. Cal W Breston, Little Reck
C M Walr. Chicago J E Britt, Raleigh
J L Mathews, Salinas N C Alman, B C
E J Caldwell. Helena J S Simpson, Mexico
G H Knell. Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
V Lilllals, Boston Mrs L Jenkins, Seattle
J Antrim, Sacto H H Kessler, S Jose
C R Seymour, L Ang O M Fosdlck, Idaho
D J Harrison, El Paso A Holenberg, Ohio
C Manley, S Diego M Burger, Ohio
M Richardson. Nev H C Phlpps & w, Minn
F C Joy, Fresno |H E Wallace. Cal
P L Goodall, Chicago ;W Williams, Cal
A tt Moulton, Cal IS L Rymons, Cal
J A Johnson & w, Colo,W H Reed, Stktn
Mrs J Johnson, Colo
"Great iortunes Made in War," in
next Sunday's Call.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; <nyjn until 9:SO o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2026 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
shoes, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5550.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market st., opp. Powell, rooms 9 and 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, 11 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120% Geary St., room 2.
MISS EVA SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor
baths. U6A Grant aye., room 17.
MTsS MYRTLE POTTER",~To2I Market, rm. 12,
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. Ills Market st., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market St., parlors 11 and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mai-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32 Turk st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary st, room 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
CHURCH NOTICES.
SIMPSON Memorial \ Methodist Episcopal
Church,' corner Hayes : and' Buchanan :sts. —
; Rev. John Stephens, pastor. ■ Residence, ! 309
Haight " st. Preaching at ill a. to. ; and 7:45
p. m. : The pastor will preach at both •; ser-
vices. • Subject at 11 a. m.. "The Gift . of
Eternal Youthfulness," . and at 7:45 p. m..
"God's Invincible*; or Right '■* Is Might."
Sunday school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins
superintendent." ESpworth League meeting at
6:30 p.m. Prayer/meeting, Wednesday even-
ing at 7:45 o'clock. ; The public cordially in-
S vited to all the services of this church. Seats
free. .-* Usn»rs in attendance. ■■:■ ■' :V. :• ;
OAKLAND Mission Tent, Broadway and
Fourteenth St.— Preaching and public Chris-
tian healing by "laying on of hands" every
evening, commencing Sabbath evening, ;by
■ the brother who was recently instrumental in
the sudden and -wonderful restoration from
. a nearly fatal sickness of Mrs. Carrie Judd
Montgomery and a multitude of. other sick
folk. Testimonies given by restored sufferers.
Brlng:up your sick. (Mark xvl:18.)
MEETING NOTICB.S.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57, I. O. A jto
0. F.— Of fleers and patriarchs are here- I^/^
■ by notified of the death of Patriarch A
G. E. JOHANSON. P. C. P., and re- '■ V
quested to assemble in Encampment ' Hall,
SUNDAY, June 26, IS9S, at 12:30 p. m., to at-
i tend the funeral. . R. C. BLACK. . C. P.
W. S. POTTER. Scribe.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, *>&m&e.
1. O. O. F. -Regular meeting ±yf£*BX-
THIS EVENING. Second degree
will be conferred. ' L * w ■ .
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, -y«ui.,t,..
I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting
THIS EVENING, First degrea I|S«R§F
will be conferred. '^V/IW^"
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
OPHIR Lodge No. 171. I. O. O. F — .^. u .,n,,..
Officers and members: You are :2§»v3gss:
hereby notified to meet at your -3jsflofc=?
lodgeroom on SUNDAY, June 26, "^W^ 1
at 1 p. m., for the purpose of attending the
m P.V ur s^^^;
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso-
ciatio.i— r meeting SATUR- i\*?~>».
DAY, June 25. at 1:30 p. m., at hall ''»O(yS,
r Alcazar building, - O'Farrell st. ■ All r- —
members are requested to be present for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, HANS BOYSEN. By order
of the president. . . ,
L. TRAUNQ. Recording Secretary. ;.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association-
Funeral detail from Andrew Morrissey to
: George. Nelson will assemble at their hall
I SATURDAY MORNING at 8:30 o'clock to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother MAT-
THEW DOUGHERTY. By order
F. E. ALEX CAMPBELL, President.
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. Sec.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society— Twelfth an-
nual excursion and picnic will take place at
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, • SUNDAY Au-
gust 7, 1898. Adults' tickets 50 cents, chil-
dren under 12 years free. Boats leave every
half hour for "ark. Music by a flr3t-class
; band.
TWENTY-SEVENTH annual picnic .of the
Portuguese Protective and Benevolent Asso-
ciation SUNDAY. June 26, 1898, at Shell
Mound Park, near Berkeley. Lambert Beck-
er's Marine band has been engaged for this
occasion; also a string . band for dancing in
the upper hall in the Azorean style. Tickets,
25c; children under 12 years free. Boats leave
every half-hour. Association leaves on 9:30
a. m. boat. . .
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
' free. g ' . . - -. '- ■ -
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND . notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society, 526 California St.— For the half
year ending June 30. 1898, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of four and twenty-hun-
dredths (4.20) per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (3.50) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
.taxes, payable on and after FRIDAY, July 1,
1898. GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St., cor. of Sutter— Board
• of Directors declared a dividend for the half-
year ending June 30, 1898, at the rate of four
(4) per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per. cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Friday, July 1, 189 S.
Dividends not called for are added to and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July I, ' 1898.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union, 532 California St., corner Webb— For
the half year, ending with the 30th of June,
1898. a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday, July 1, 1898.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Savings Bank of
 San Francisco,, 33 Post st. For the half year
*' ending June 30.' 1898, a dividend lias been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-quar-
t ers (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits,
: free of taxes, payable ' on and after Friday,
July 1. 1898. GEORGE A. STORY,
■- Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
. Geary st. — . directors have declared the
' following senji-annual dividends: Four per
cent per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on
. and after July 1. 1898.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. S2, Me per I
share, of the Oceanic Steamship Company, !
will be payable at the office of the company, 1
327 Market St.. on and after FRIDAY, July !
1, IS9B. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day, June 25. 1898, at 12 o'clock m. E. H.
BHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. S«r. Market St.; phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALK.
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion as waitress and chambermaid ; best ref-
erences; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter St
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse or second work; $19
to $15; relerences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
SITUATIONS wanted for cooks, waitresses,
second girls; references systematically Inves-
tigated. Sl3 Hush st.
SITUATION by a thoroughly experienced pri-
vate family cook and laundress (Canadian).
313 Hush st.
SITUATION wanted by a most rejiable and
competent general house servant (German);
an excellent cook and laundress; reasonable
wages; referencs. 313 Bush st.
SITUATIONS wanted by a superior class of
domestic servants to-day. 313 Bush st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes po-
sition as housekeeper on rnnch where only
1 table is served, or will cook for men on
ranch; understands butter-making; good cook;
references. Address Ahlborn Hotel, 323 Grant
aye., room 44.
FIRST-CLASS cook, Scandinavian, wishes a
situation In an American family: wa?es $30
to $40; best references; country no objection.
Box 32, Call office.
STRONG young German woman, general
housework or ohamberwork in rooming house;
sleep home. 2422 Greenwich st.
YOUNG woman with child 3 years old, wishes
situation to do housework in Alamedn or
Oakland. Call or address 10^4 Sycamore aye.
STRONG lady would like to do upstairs work
and help In kitchen; sewing alto. Is Ciaia
St., bet. Folsom and Harrison, near Fourth.
GIRL to work by the day, week or month or
take washing home. Call or address 4 Au-
burn St., off Jackson, near Taylor.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country. Address
box 497, Woodland. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work In fam-
ilies; perfect fitting; reasonable. 50S McAl-
lister st.
YOUNG girl wants position to asolst in house-
work or take care of children; small wages.
Call or address 434 Jessie St.
AN Eastern girl wishes a position In an Amer-
ican family; plain cooking or upstairs work.
Please call at £34 Howard st., bet. Ist and 2d.
GERMAN woman wants situation to take care
of invalid lady; is an experienced infant
nurse. Address 8., box 7. Call office. Oakland.
LADY wantf washing or cleaning by the day.
Address 932^» Mission st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as working
housekeeper. Address 21S Ninth St.
GIRL would like to care for children or do sec-
ond work. Box ISS, Call office.
COMPETENT housekeeper wants situation;
good reference. Call or address 31 A'an Ness.
WOMAN wishes situation as housekeeper;
good cook; good seamstress; pleasant and
neat, with a little girl 8 years old. N. M.,
3 Elliott park, off Stelner. between O'Farrell
and Geary.
RELIABLE woman, good cook and .laundress,
can furnish good references, would like to go
out by the day washing or housecleaning.
Call 2 days, 1425 Geary St., near Laguna.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, experienced nurse,
would take care of children and upstairs
work; good references. Box 23, Call office.
REFINED young lady desires position as
teacher of children in private family; no ob-
jection to country- Box 26. Call office.
YOUNG woman with exceptionally good baby
wants work; housekeeping preferred. Ad-
dress box 145, Call office.
BY an experienced bookkeeper, an office posi-
tion; best of references; city or country.
Address box 152, Call office.
REFINED young girl wishes a position as chil-
dren's maid or second work; good seamstress.
Box 79, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
REFINED Eastern lady wishes a position as
housekeeper for elderly gentleman; city or
country. MRS. LIBBY, Oakland, Cal., gen-
eral delivery.
BY young woman of several years' experience
in business life, general office position; Al
references; city or country. Address box lal.
Call office.
GERMAN girl would like position as house-
keeper; city or country. 160 Tehama st., sec-
ond floor. '
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework and cooking. Please call at 2505 Ms
Mission st.
SITUATION by a middle-aged lady, light
housework or' sewing; care of children. 1474
Ellis st. M
LADY wishes places by the day and light
washing to do at home. 6Vi John st.
LADY would like to take charge of a first-class
rooming house. Box 25, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes housework in
Americaij family. 414 Folsom st.
GIRL wishes general housework; 2 years" ref-
erence from la6t place. 905 Sanchez, between
10 and 12.
2 SCANDINAVIAN girls wish housework and
kitchen work; good references. 635 Second st.
SITUATIONS WAKTED-MALB.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
BOOKKEEPER— First-elaas double entry and
correspondent; Al city references. Box 90,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires engagement for 2 or 3
days each week; any work; city or Oakland.
F., box 119, Call office.
EXPERIENCED man wishes a situation as
grocery clerk or bartender; understands both;
has good references. Address box 98, Call.
BUTCHER, young man, 23, desires situation;
has six years' experience; can drive horses.
CH. SCHMIDT, 26 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted as barkeeper In wholesale
litjuor store; also rectifier and compounder.
Address box 150, Call office.
JAPANESE excellent boy wants situation aa
office boy or waiter. K. S., 1329 Pine St.
SITUATION wanted by a steady and sober
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows; best of refer-
ences; city or country. Box 24. Call office.
YOUNG man desires to send his sister to uni-
versity; wants position as salesman or at
office work in San Francisco or Oakland; ex-
perienced; good habits; best of references.
Address box 68, Call Office.
WANTED— By young man (German), kitchen
work, assist in cooking, waiting saloon or
other work: city or country. Address H.
VIELITZ, 632 Mission St., room 19.
RELIABLE man and wife want to do cham-
berwork in lodging house or hotel; city or
country. Address Reliable, box 27, Call office.
MAN and wife wish situations in lodging-
house, hotel or private family; city or coun-
try; no cooking; references. Box 66, Call.
POSITION wanted by young man; sober, In-
dustrious and reliable. Call or address W. S..
22H5 Geary at.
FIRST-CLASS cook (Chinaman); best of ref-
erence, desires position; city or country;
speaks good English. 820 Sacramento St., up-
stairs.
GERMAN waiter wants situation In plain
country hotel, not too far away from city;
plays piano and Is a singer. Address box
59, Call office.
[ JAPANESE first-class cook, or waiter, wants
situation; good references. T. FRANK, Jap-
I anese Mission, Pine st.
COACHMAN who understands his business, bo-
ber and 'eliable, wants position on private
place in country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. W., box 50. Call office.
ENGINEER would like a position as engineer;
city or country; Is a machinist and black-
smith; had 12 years' city experience; can give
i good references. Address 2953 Harrison st.
MAN and wife, both good cooks, want posl-
j tlons In mine or some steady place In coun-
try. Box 136, Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to
$8 week; convenient and respectable: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ELEVENTH, 10ft— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED-FEMALB.
TEN good reliable girls wanted, wages, $20 to
$25; references both ways. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' peJect and refined burra.ii of informa-
tion; managed by city ladles. _ 313 Bush st.
ALL ladles seeking lucrative commercial posi-
tions; strictly confidential. Ladles' Exchange,
313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER and order clerk, commission
house; stenographer, special work, to-day.
313 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED nurse, traveling; assist
printpr, photograph gallery- 313 Bush st.
SECOND girl, country. $25; second girl and
sew, $20; housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT young girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Berkeley, $15; Alameda, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO starch lroners, $30 each. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait one meal, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN cook, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
COOK. $30, 2 In family; second girl, same
house, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sufter st.
TWO nurses, $25 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 '
Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Hanford, $20; 2 waitresses, same
hotel, country, $20 each; waitress, Alameda,
$20; waitress, Arbuckle, Colusa County, JW.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
.7.7.'. ..'.'.'..'.'..WANTED ' TO-DAY .. .... .. .. .. .. ..
15 waitresses for Santa Cruz $20
Head waitress, resort $30
Waitress, springs, to go to-day $20
2 waitresses. Marysvllle $22 50 and fare
Waitrrss. city $20
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
25 HOUSEGIRLS for city and country places,
$25 to $15; young girls to assist, $10 and $12;
second girl, choice place In small family, $20-
German nurse girl, $18. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Gearjt st.
OPERATOR on pants for Government work;
$7 a week. : C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— FemaIe laundress, private family,
$25, see party here at 10 to-day; nurse. 2 chil-
dren, $20; waitresses and girls for cooking
and 'housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO
316 Sutter st. : -
STENOGRAPHER, 'attractive : looking lady
: about 30 years old, without incumbrance:
must * understand German and French and
write a ; good business letter;' in physician's I
office;; no others need apply. Box 149, Call.
EXPERIENCED wrapper operators to work on
electric machines; steady employment
STKUER, 416% Ellis St. ' ..:.:, v*
NEAT girl,, cooking and general housework ■
Alameda. Apply 703 Guerrero at., from 10
a. m. to 4p. m. ; , - . ' ■
NEAT, willing German or Irish girl to assist
In general housework In a family of 2. 217
Third aye. ' . '' : :.^S®^^SS®^tfe
GIRL wanted for general housework call In
. forenoon ; German preferred. 1842 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted at Model Restaurant,
GIRI^ 14 to 18 , years to assist ' in housework.
. 916 Fulton st.
YOUNG willing girl ": for light housework and
mind ; store. .-.:■ Inquire -to-day. 1004 ■, Polk \ st. - ■
WANTED— Good German woman for cooking
- and baking. Call at 1305 Mission St., bakery
GIRLS % can 5 find i employment '. by applying : , at
Home of Love for Children, -, 1301 Franklin at ■
: Oakland. .- ;■ -: ..^ --:_-r ::■:■.!. . . :; .-. .-/-v^*,
W^Ri'rQ 1"-"?™^ more i operators -at
1. LEM. STRALS _■ JO.'S factory, 32M, Fre-
, mont st. Inquire for. Mr. Davis. -
LEARN dressma. Ing ; and millinery: poeltlon.
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post?
LAWRENCE Dresscuttins i School; 107* I Market
«t.; perfect; tit; ■ no trying on: , trial fre«^"?,
WANTED--Glrls ; and ladles ; to learn "Rood.
majlc scale dress cutting system", complete in
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor
HELP WANTED— MALE. ~~~~
WANTED— Waiter,, short : order - house - $33.
-. waiter, restaurant, v $35; ; waiter > hotel $25 : '■
waiter country. $20 second cook. $75 ; German
• ♦ CO .,n Or restaurant."^ $60: ■ cook, country ho"
;. tel, ■ $10 . a week ; cook : i S?. "o ft' of a mining
: company. * $45 ; dishwashers, i $15™o $30 • lronerl
WANTED-Baker for nice shop in Sonora. $50
an.l board; young German to drive bakery
£?J° Voa *a ' mm 5 11 c f un tO" i town ■> and 1 milk ; 3
, cows V- $20 ' and : found; '■- 2 1 milkers, near » city,'
$2,i ; boy on -ranch near % city, must j ride .a :
horse. and found; cooks, waiters and oth-
. ers. : W. D. EWER & CO., ' 626 Clay st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
TO Alaska Skaguay Railroad
The steamer sails this morning at 10 o clock.
Tickets at the reduced rates can be had aa
late as 9 a. a at our office
Mr. Stanley will be here YMUi""
This applies to laborers, rockmen and bridga
carpenters, wages $3 to $3 85 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
3 INGERSOLL drill men for Mexico, $200 a
month and fare paid; see boss here. U R.
HANSEN & C 0.,. 104 Gear)- st.
2 HEAD loggers for the woods, $60 and board;
15 barkers and buckers, $35 and board; 20 la-
borers, f-'O and board. C. R- HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St.
15 REDWOOD tiemakers, 10c; woodchoppers for
Santa Cruz, Contra Costa and San Luis
Obispo counties, 75c to $2 50 a cord. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, country shop, $35 and found;
blacksmith's helper, ranch, $25 and found;
fcelper, country shop, $40; rough carpenter.
$25; milker, $30; 2 choremen, $2u and $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PORTER and runner, country hotel, see party
here, t-0. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
3 COLORED waiters for Portland, $23 and fare
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS for the coast road; free fare. C.
R. HAN. SEN & CO., 104 (>oary St.
20 LABORERS for the woods, $20 and board; to
go Monday morning; steady job. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS for the Valley road; free fare;
ship every day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
CHEESEMAKER, $35 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st^
FRENCH confectioner, $50 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD cook, $60; second cook, $35; night waiter,
$30; all for a railroad camp, to go to-day. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MIKE ZORN, the laundryman, wanted. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
COOK for a mine, $50; boss here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BOX mangier, country hotel, $35 and found
and free fare; washer, hotel laundry, $30 and
found and free fare; marker and distributer,
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary Bt.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $40 and free fare,
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PAINTER, country hotel, $2 a day and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $75; night cook, $75; BeconS
cook, country hotel, $45. C. R. HA^NSEN 6i
CO., 104 Geary st.
9 WAITERS for first-class country hotel, $35
and free fare; 2 waiters, Portland $50; 3 neat
Eastern waiters, city, $40. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY „
Wants To-day
10 laborers for saw mills $26 and found
5 lumber pliers $1 50 a day
346 railroad teamsters $1 75 a day
56 two-horse scraper teamsters $1 70 a day
15 two-horse teamsters for city $1 50 a day
36 laborers, city Jobs $1 75 a day;
500 men for Arizona
326 railroad men, coast road, free fare ,
ALSO
316 woodchoppers, tools furnished, $l_so a cord
362 tie-makers 8c to lie each
36 miners, gold $2 50 a day
2f> laborers for a mine $2 50 a day
115 laborers for a syndicate mining company,
Wages from $2 50 a day
36 farmhands $26. $25 and $20
10 orchard hands $25 and $20
6 haymakers $26 and found
ALSO
5 firemen, furnaces $2 50 a day
6 milkers $25 arM jl 1 )
4 choremen for ranches $10 and $15
Farmer and wife $30
15 woodchoppers, San Mateo County, $1 50 a
cord
5 sand teamsters, city $26 and found
2 butter-makers $25
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FOR a National Bank
2 firemen fire with straw $2*5 and found
6 laborers to dig small trenches so water can
run between vines, trees, and to pick fruits.
etc $20 and found
2 carpenters $26 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BLACKSMITH for a ranch, $30 and found,
fare 25c. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638
Clay st.
A— COOKS Waiters Dishwashers
6 cooks $50, $45 and $30
6 waiters, different places — $3'">. $25 and $20
2 waiters, same country hotel $25 and found
6 dishwashers $20 and $15
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
A— COOK for 15 officers for United States Na-
val Reserve, good wages: one year's work.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— COOK and wife, country hotel. JW. SuS
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Fruit farmer, $30: blacksmith for
mine, $2 50 a day; miners, $2 BO a day; farm-
ers and milkers, $20 and $1!5; blacksmith for
camp, $1 a day and board; teamsters for city:
butter-maker, $30; farmer and wife, $40; la-
borers, $1 a day and board; boy for milk
wagon. $15 and found, and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Porter and barber for springs; hotel
cook, country. $35 to $40; camp cook, $45; sec-
ond cooks and kitchenmen; night waiter, $9
week; hotel waiters and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento at.
ROUGH carpenter, $2 a day; 6 scraper team-
sters, city; camp blacksmith, $26; 4. farmers,
near city, steady place, $20; waiter, country
hotel, $25. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay.
GENERAL store bookkeeper. Ben Lomond; 8
general store clerks. 313 Bush st.
STRICTLY on membership lines; no limit to
Introductions; trials for selection. 313 Bush.
WATCHMAN, Janitors, porters, butlers, fire-
man; investigate new proposition, subscrip-
tion. 313 Bush st.
MANAGING partner for well-established cash,
business in Oakland, to-day. 313 Bush st.
$15 PER week and per cent in profits, manager
cash business, Oakland. 313 Bush st.
ALL first-class bookkeepers, stenographers,
collectors, clerks, salesmen, call 313 Bush st.
ALL hotel heads of departments with good
credentials to call 313 Bush st.
MAN to do chores, country place. $15 to $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter j*.
WAITER for resort, $25^ HOTEL GAZETTE.
420 Kearny st.
YOUNG man stenographer and typewriter and
to assist in office; one having own machino
preferred; salary. $40. Address in own hand-
writing, atatlng age and references. Box 117.
Call office.
KENTUCKY, 1112, Potrero— Good barber for
Saturday, Sunday and Wednesday; steady;
wages or commission.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday;
wages $4 and board. Thirtieth st. and San
Jose aye.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
day; wages $5. 1335 Market, near Seventh.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; wages $4. 260
Third st. _
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 15 Tay-
lor st. __
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 112V4 Eddy
street. • m
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 1643 Market
street.
i WANTED— Good barber for Sunday. 629 Union
street. ,
I WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
803 Kearny st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. 53 Third St.;
I -wages $3. ,
j BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1159 ft
Folsom st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
10S9 Howard St. ____. .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Twenty-
second St., near Mission.
WANTED-Br. rber for Boulder Creek; steady
Job. Apply 19 Mason st.
BARBER for Saturday from 9 till 8; $3. 517
Market st.
WANTED— Extra waiters, Saturday and Sun-
j day. Bay State, ls_Stockton st.
I OFFICE boy wanted; $5 a week: state refer-
I ences. Box 43, Call office.
TWO men with $2Sf each; open gravel mine;
good pay. Call H45 Mission st.
| '
STRONG boy in bakery. 142 Eleventh st.
I APPRENTICE boy for tailoring. Apply 9U
Market St., room 82, sixth floor.
I ' ZZ "
WANTED— Bushelman. 592 Geary st.
WANTED — Woodworker; elderly man; steady
Job. Address box 42, Call office.
' WANTED— Young man who has had experlenca
in bicycle repair shop. ISO 7 Folsom st.
: SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing; must b«
abie to sell; references required. 767 Market.
! WANTED— Steady man. satisfied with $16 per
! week to start in genteel ca^h business; cx-
i perience not necessary; must have P" casn.
I Apply Sl7 Market St., room 2. ,
WANTED— Reliable persons In every section to
distribute circulars, samples and tack signs.
! no canvassing; cash paid. WILL A. MOLTOM
CO.. Cleveland, Ohio ,
• MAN with some experience In shooting gal-
! lery. 503 Kearny st. ,
I WANTED— Barbers to buy shop; clieap. 1707
Market st. ; one chair. .
WANTED— CoaI oil canvassers. APPJT *". B.
JOYCE, Oil Company, Seventh and King Bt»«■ HKLI» WAXTED-Contlnncd.
rinr > V. I >3' ? V : ' ; "'\ f ' >r «>• r:,:tKf States'm"a- "
nnm.^P? 1 n "ed States navy; able-bodied.
3 PSSSi* « men ' Wwen the ages of 21 and
«:tit£ m tn° are c'lizens of the United
ther intention B^ W i?° have Ideally declared -
Tp£i entl , on "^become *uch: must be of •
fe^d nd write English, and be between I
feet^s fn^hp lt % English, and be between 5
informal and C feet in height. For further
Eins^? a ap ly at the recruiting office. 20 "
i-uis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
M thal TET Ed D n^ b.b .° re an d mechanics to know
.4______MH_» .
V^i N "TED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for •
M, "' -';V Ket Sound - Mexico, etc •apply
Mannerf Home, w. w. lane. 504 bb a %Ms st
BA ,?J"- RR T f Progressive Union; free empToF
rnent. Dernard^Sec. , 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN"S fine calf shoes to order, $2 60- men's
poling. 35c; only one price. 959 Howard s " ■
•M• M S N \, t0 ' earn barber trade in eight weeks S
P. Barber College. 13^ Eighth stJ-' S '
Sl ron^ »- fUrn . ll ed mei ne - larße sunny and airy ■
room. 2oc night. Rosedale House; 321 Ellis
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters coast
_Au L traiia, Europe. HERMAN'S^ Ste'uart It
B FrrH RS '«; AFS ', n ,- F / ee Employm't Office. 8.
■ FI.CHS, Sec.. 32 3 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13«.
• S1 week E TT^f,- i°° and o lsc night; 75c and $1
ween. Linden House. Sixth and Howard Ms.
EI V; To ect . me*, due laborers and i
cierics. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
1 T D ~'V Montana House. 764H Mission,
m^" tO . ll^ c rooms; We. 15c and 25c per .
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
HESTER HOr"sE~. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
'"' '"' s and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
HURRAH for July 4; war novelties, whole-
sale and retail at wholesale prices; catalogue
free. L. N. CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St.. Boston,
Mass. |
A ' , *T S , for Our Naval War With Spain";
frlendid-.y illustrated; only authentic book to
re published : free outfit now ready: actqulck.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg., Chicago.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until
o clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrtp-
ion» and want ads taken.
; PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — good German sausage-maker as
partner. 3535 Seventeenth st.
WANTED— Party to buy Interest in useful In-
vention. Fcr particulars, address Patent, box
43. Call office. r >->
ROOMS WANTED.
EVERY housekeeper having rooms to rent, go
to headquarters. 1023 Market st.
RELIABLE, practical, successful ln securing
tenants for furnished rooms. 1023 Market st."
FURNISHED houses, rooms and rooming
hnusos •■■.■■•- Headquarters '. -.: Market st.
AY ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second -hartd lady's bicycle^ "h
model: cheap; state make and price. Box
22. Call office.
WANTED — Good-sized second-hand safe; must
be In good condition. Address, giving dimen-
sions of interior, S. HOFFMAN JR., 222
Crocker building.
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press.
coffee mill. Box 34<t, Call office. .
LODGING HOUSES, FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO. Geary at
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sizes; all prices.
. 6 rooms; flat; free rent $125
7 rooms; Geary st. elegant: new 225 '
8 rooms; Jones St.; clears $20 225
9 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor st... 350
A— S3SOO— FIFTY rooms, elegantly . furnished
apartment house; clears $150 monthly; ex-
change for Oakland or Alameda home.
KREDO & CO.
$SOO— LODGING-HOUSE; main st.; 25 rooms;
old established: money maker; cash or trade.
City Agency, S^o Market bt.
$1000— LODGING-HOUSE: north of Market St.;
cost $1500. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny. I
HOTEL for sale: easy terms; 26 rooms fur-
nished: lot included. Address 256 Third st.
TAYLOR, 238— Must sell furniture; 10-room j
house. Call between 1 and 3 p. m.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are polling good upright pianos for $6 j
cuh and »• (»r monlh, mi «-»k you to inv«etl- I
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains ;
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy '
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and ,
il. lyr month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., j
■ay dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
its., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, OaklanJ.
LUTELY the oldest and largest house |
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all j
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
Eatisfy the customer.
LADY going East, must have cash, and her |
elegant $500 upright is offend at great sacri-
■ lice. See It to-day and make offer. Room 12,
Flood building.
AS vacation is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ & '
16 to 2) O'Farrell st., Chickering agents.
FINE two manual pedal organ; fifteen stops; j
r power; suitable for church. StathaniK |
M Allister t-t.. S. F.
MAGNIFICENT new MM upright must be sac-
rificed at once for cash; no reasonable offer
refused. 533 Castro st.
. X WISE & CO., 41 Geary st., cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
■ to explain particulars. Conover agts. ;
SOHMI :«Uuzy, Newby, Evans, !
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan; \
no interest first year. 3uS, 310, 312 Post st.
AN vi. right piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
$75— ELEGANT Hazelton piano; cost $500; on $5
Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
. .s to rent at MAUVAIS', 7ti9 Market st.
"AL>" Fmail'-st; price lowest: uprights, $7i up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KXABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers, old and new. iT
MT'LLER. Tnakt-r. repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies?
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
10 CAMPING horses cheap: waponp and har-
ness auction pypry Tuesday. 721 Howard »t.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ~
20. TEN and four-pacspnger wagonettes,
leather top hack, physician s coupe and vil-
lage cart suitable for country. O'BRIEN &
MB, Golden Gate aye. and Polk st.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
T.d-hand and new wagons; cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth and Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bnld Harnefg Co.. 211 Larkin. o;.p. City Hal).
DENTISTS.
A FULL Bet of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 F,O; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone_Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. nth;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
DR OEOROE W. IXBK, ffaatafl Leak dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. »97 Market st., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TUAOtJB. A. CANE and F. TBAOUB,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 608-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market^t.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
TYPEWRITERS.
KOR^SALE— No. 2 Remington typewriter, good
order, 80. «32 Market et., room 23.
ALL typewriters sold and rented: few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgmry.
YOST, good order, $26: send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN, 833 Montgomery at.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4so— PARTNER wanted in old established
and first-class saloon on Third St., close to
Claus Spreokels building; a first-class open-
<ng. See WILKE. 545 Market st.
A— s4oo; partner in first-class paying busi-
ness, on Kearny st. nr. Market, clearing easi-
ly $250 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WlI.Ki;. MS Market.
A— JISOO; CORNER grocery and bnr; double
store: 4 living rooms; horse and wagon; rent
$50; first-class business; only cash trade; sick-
ness in family compels owner to leave the
ctiy; a very rare business opening. WILKE,
M 5 Market st.
A— sl2oo; SALOON near Chronicle building;
average daily receipts $35; rent $75; an excel-
lent good place. WILKE, MC Market st.
A— s6oo; SALOON nn California st.; low rent;
doing a good paying business; no better offer
for the price In the market. WILKE, 545
Market st.
SALOON for rent; connected with the leading
hotel in Sacramento; rent low; fine fixtures;
everything complete; a rare chance. Call
WILKE. 843 Market St.
A— s6oo; corner saloon; milkmen's headquar-
ters; kept by owner 10 .years and guaranteed
to clear above $125 per month; rent $50.
WILKE. 845 Market jsr
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elecantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent $i 0: a rare uslnes* open-
Ing, call WILKE, 7t>3 Market St., new num-
ber 546 :
$200— SALOON with living rooms, near Market
St.; rent only $20: established many years;
a bargain. SI. LESS, 765 Market st., opposite
Phelan building^
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar. 4 rooms
and bath, is offered at invoice value; bar re-
ceipts alone average $350 to $400 monthly: |
mostly gentlemen's trade; you get trial if in I
earnest. M. LESS, 765 Market st.^-opp. Phelan
building.
1125 ONLI Cigars, candles, notions; fine store;
4 good living-rooms, with furniture; rent ?K>;
paying business; best offer ever made; place is
actually given away. LESS, 765 Market St.,
oi )•. Phelan building.
' $200— BAKERY; principal street, heart of city;
j living rooms: rent $25; baking 1^ barrels flour
' daily; all store trade; best offer in this line;
trial given M. LESS, 7« Market st.
$3500— CORNER Br.u-ry and bar. established 40
years; unexceptional location; vicinity Call J
building; Urge stock; big bar trade, both >
transient and regular: this offer is very best
in its line to-day; full investigation afforded
and solicited. M. LESS, 705 Market st.
; 3ALOON principal street; central; old es-
tablished; rent $15; receipts $S to $9 dally; a •
rare chance; don't miss it. M. LESS, 76j
Market st.
A-KREDO & CO. - — 22V» Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS,
$2tXo— Nursery 154500 I-iui,dry
t5O I"; irlst I 2000— Dyeing Works
750— Millinery aXKH-Wood and <^oal
825— Barber Shop luOO— yuartz Mill
rner Saloon 35o— Cigar Stand.
A— sl2oo; prosperous plumbing, gas-fluing busi-
Btock wUI invoice $JOOO. KREDO & CO.
A—s2ooo;A — $2000; bakery and coffee parlors; dally re-
ceipts $40 to $50. KREDO «t CO., 22 \ 2 Geary.
$2000— Drug store; chance of a lifetime for a
practical druggist. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary.
A— s2ouo; grocery and bar; fine business corner;
monthly receipts $1000; ■ \. city or Oakland
home. KREDO & CO., 22-? Geary St.
GROCERY and bar, with corner lot, for ex-
change lor small cottage; will pay cash dif-
ference. Mclaughlin & Co.. 23 Kearny.
$325— CORNER saloon; billiard and pool; side
entrance. McLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny st.
$125— SALOON; bargain; this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kf my st.
$1500— SALOON ; north of Market st. ; present
owner going into extensive business. Mc J
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny St.
$275— RESTAURANT; bargain If sold Immedi-
ately. Mclaughlin £ co.. 23 Kearny st.
$150— NEAT office business, suitable for lady or
gentleman; no previous experience; will
1 easily clear $75 per month; positive proof fur-
nished. M. LESS, 7U5 Market St., opposite
Phelan building.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light business; indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not requiredj trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
$200— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $2c> a week; trial
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third st.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
$125— GREAT sacrifice; fruit, vegetable store;
best location; receipts {12 to J2O day; must
sell. BARRETT, 1126 Market, above Seventh.
| ONE of the finest and best located saloons in
i the city at a sacrifice; cash or terms. Apply
at 1023 Market St., C. H. TAYLOR & CO.
WANTED— Partner with $100 for corner saloon,
with fixtures; gwod business place; rent $10;
with o rooms. II Eddy st., saloon.
BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; worth three
times amount; 3 living rooms. 300 Hayes st.
$500— PARTNER in established business paying
$50 to $100 a month. Box 33, Call office.
FOR 6ale— A laundry route and wagon; owner
going East. Box SO, Call office.
$65— RESTAURANT for sale; owner leaving
city. 141 East st.
A BARGAIN.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— One of the fin-
est health resorts and most valuabl and beau-
tiful properties in Sonoma Co. ; fine large hotel;
running water and trout; cottages; mineral
warm springs: beautiful scenery; vineyard
and farm lund; numerous buildings, etc.,
comprised In the premises, and in perfect
repair; immediate possession given. Apply
to C. N. HARRIS, 321 Montgomery St., ban
Francisco.
FOR sale— Well-stocked stationery, cigar, toy
and news agency store; bargain; pLokn^sa
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS &
WELCH, fc'ansome St. '
FOR sale — Delicacy, butter and egg stand;
Grand Western Market, Polk and Austin sts.;
will sell cheap if sold at once; Investigate
this.
$600 — BAKERY In best country town, with
first-clas6 private and store trade; good rea-
son for selling; rent $20. Apply Call office.
FOR SALE — Saloon and restaurant with or
without improvements; rooms for family
and lease; cheap. Apply 8234 Mission at.
FOR Rent — Improved place, 5 acres. For Sale —
1 horse, wagon, cow, 300 hens. Address box
32, Cotatl, Sonoma County, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop doing fine business;
reason for selling, sickness. Address box 63,
Call office.
SHOE store for sale; good repairing business;
well established; will sell cheap. 1348 Va-
lencia ut.
SURE, I will make you rich, lend me a little
money. J. KELLETT, 12 Telegraph ay., Oak.
$200— ESTABLISHED business on Market St.;
clears $75 per month. Address box 154, Gall.
CORNER saloon, cheap for cash. 1121 Harri-
son st.
$450— BARGAIN; corner saloon; low rent; owner
leaving city; has other business. Box 148. Call.
$100— RESTAURANT outfit; a bargain. Apply
to D. McRAE, 827 Mission St. ■ ■
FOR eale— Restaurant and chophouse; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at 18 East at. ■
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Office. ..
FOR sale— 2-chalr • barber shop; good location;
cheap rent. Call at 17V4 Valencia st.
IN well-established wholesale and retail wine
and liquor business; reliable partner. Box
46. Call office. ___
FOR sale or rent; fish and poultry store; good
location: easy terms. 3059 Sixteenth st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: good location;
rent $20; living rooms. Address box 14. Call.
FOR sale— 2 old established groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Box 201, Call office.
SALOON— Mission St., corner Thirtieth.
FOR Bale— Call route at San, Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
.COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. ■ • .■.■.;-.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. ..
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
ting, Works. 353-57, Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
;J. o MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson at.; tel S. 228; lowest rates. .
CAR £ ET .£,? leaned at 3c P er Rrd ; relaid at a* 3 -
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth at. B. GRANT. . tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
«t ■.yeaning 8c a yard; tel. Mission 74. .
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office, Ten th^and 1 Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunk*, etc. Golden West Stor-
, age warehouse. 840 Mission *t.: tel. Mint 1821.
•'••' ,■::':.•„': V BICYCLES.. ~~ :
22-INCH frame r bicycle, . $16. Call ; after 8 a.
m. at 459 Geary sfc, room 4...';;";,
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTJXE 25, 189 S.
HOUSES TO LET.
ATTENTION, Dressmakers— 7ls Sutter st., 6 or
S rooms; extra workroom 23x35 feet; choice,
sunny, reasonable; appreciated if 6een; in-
vestigate.
ALL OVKR~TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery St.
NICE dwelling, 441 Fifth st. ; 7 rooms; large
yard; tow rent jja rcs;>. >n. u ihle tenant.
ELEGANT s-ronni houses; Sixth ave.,bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCTJBE & REMMEL, 628 Market St.
SEE It; sunny house, 9 rooms, bath; laundry;
garden; rent low. 2012 Pine st.
TENTH. 149, near Market— Sunny house, 7
rooms; bath; large yard; garden; good order (
cheap.
TO LET— House of 30 rooms and bath; newly
painted. 933 Mission st.
125 — SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry:
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER. 36 Glen
Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
$27 50 — 2-STORY house, 7 rooms, bath; cellar;
yr.r.l. 4*3 Haifiht St.
FUH.MSHEU HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE, 81S, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sunny
furnished flat, 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable if desired; rent reasonable; references
given and required; call between 10 and 2.
TAYIyOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st.: key at corner grocery.
FIUMSUED FLATS.
GEARY. 1917 — 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished hall; gas.
FLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER T< >WN *"
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— HO W ARD. 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thlr-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $26; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
AN elegant sunny upper modern flat of 5
minis, bath and basement; rent reasonable.
1357 Vallejo St., near Larkin.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13. $14. $15, $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— New, choice,
sunny, 4 big rooms, bath, $16; water free.
i•: ••, i s a i 'KRO TU Upper Oat, E room and
ran all day; %11.
FKLL. f,ll- Flat of four rooms; bath, gas; hot,
cold water, yard and basement; $15.
FULTON. 118— Fine middle sunny flat, 7 rooms,
tuh; pea* Ivy Hall.
HOWARD, 1553, corner Twelfth— 7 rooms and
bath; rent $26.
MrAI.LTSTF.H, 1263, near Fillmore rpi'.-r flat,
7 rooms, bath, large porch; very convenient.
MINNA, 454% — Upper flat of 6 rooms; all im-
provements; sunny side.
MINNtL 1016, near Eleventh— A flat of 5 sunny
NTW fiat. 5 rooms, bath; latest improvements;
}l^X S2S Lombard st.
NINTH.--241— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
andj;ha;th: $15. ,
PAGE, 434. near Webster— 3 sunny rooms, bath,
furnished or unfurnished; Inquire 9 to 12.
POST. 625— An elegant flat of 7 rooms and
bath; $35.
3ANSOME, 712— Handsome flat. 4 large sunny
rooms, cheap; only responsible parties.
STEINER, 207. near Haight— Flat of 6 rooms
and bath; rent reduced.
SUNNY top flat, 4 rooms. 125 Ivy aye., near
Mechanics' Pavilion.
$12—5 SUNNY rooms and bath; all improve-
ments. 44 Lexington aye., nr. Eighteenth st.
$14— BEAUTIFUL sunny flat 5 rooms, bath;
modern improvements. 61 Pond St., between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
$15 PER month: flat 6 rooms. 724 Harrison St.,
between Third and Fourth. «■
4 SUNNY rooms. 11 Elwood St., off O" Farrell.
near Mason.
4 ROOMS and bath; rent reduced. 221 Laurel
aye., off Van Ness, bet. Turk and Eddy sts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture all new; $2 50 per week: suitable for
. - 4 or r. persons. .Apply. at Bhoe store, 562 .Mis-
sion st., bet. First and Second. • . ..',■■.•
AT 556 Geary — Large sunny bay-window room,
suites, double and single; light housekeeping.
BUSH, 1238—3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
BUSH; 717, near Powell— Front room; balcony;
light housekeeping.
EDDY, 917—2 or 3 nicely, furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; splendid location; moderate rent.
ELLIS. 618 — 2, 3 or 4 furnished rooms; private
family; rent reasonable.
FOURTH, 329— Newly renovated rooms for
housekeeping; furnished and unfurnished;
cheap rent.
GOLDEN GATE aye., — Two front connect-
ing sunny rooms; unfurnished.
HAIGHT, 880— Large, sunny, furnished room;
| no sign: housekeeping if desired.-
IVY AYE., 315>4, near Hayes and Franklin—
Sunny furnished bedroom and kitchen; $10;
adults. . . .
IVY aye., 316, off Franklin St.— 3 cozy furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $12 50; no children.
MINNA, 612%, bet. Seventh and Eighth— l nice
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping,. with a
quiet family.
MISSION, 562— Large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping; folding bed; $125 week.
MISSION, 947—2 furnished housekeeping: rooms.
MISSION, 1330— Housekeeping rooms.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Furnished house- '
keeping suites, $150 per wek; single, 75c.
NINTH, 20 — Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water, gas; $11; bay-window rra; ktch. ; $9.
NINTH, Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; large bay window; running water;
stove. , . ■-
OAK. 119—2 partly furnished rooms; sink and
bath; stove and carpets; $7.
POINT LOBOS aye., 1819—2 large sunny rooms
and kitchen, furnished for bousekpg: cheap.
RITCH, 21—3 sunny furnished housekeeping
' rooms; yard; $.8 month.
SOUTH PARK, 184 — 2 sunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 50 per month.
THIRD. 309—2 front rooms furnished for house-
keeping, $2 «. week; also other rooms; rea-
sonable^
THIRTEENTH. 189, corner of Howard— Fine
furnished suite of rooms complete for house-
keeping; reasonable.
TURK, 543 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: gas: bath: $!.->.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
SUNNY furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; new plumbing. 1453 Broadway.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, 829% and Mason
407 — Choice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Keystone, 113 Taylor; new throughout;
elegant sunny rooms; good board day or mo.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 60 to ii week.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double ran. ; $8, $10 mo.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week, j
FOLSOM, 820, near* Fourth— sl a week and up; :
sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished |
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GLOBE blouse, 821 Howard— Per night, 26c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and j
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 935V4 (New Philadelphia)— All new;
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 707— Sunny handsomely furnished
front rooms; bath; private family.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
McALLISTER, 611— Nice large parlor; sunny
single room; also 2 for housekpg; pri. family.
NATOMA, 282, near Fourth— l unfurnished
rooms, with water; rent $6. |
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PARTIES wanting houses and rooms furnish-
ed with lists free of cost. 1023 Market st.
POST, 622 — Sunny suite or single rooms; first
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 910— Sunny double parlors for gentlemen
or married couple; $25; private flat.
POWELL. 207— Changed hands; furnished sunny
rooms, single or en suite; cheap; $1 25 upward.
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SECOND. 52— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to soc.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard iGirard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 553—4 large sunny unfurnished
rooms; cottage; $S.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5: baths; elevator; electric
lights: hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SIXTH, 136— Under new management: single
| room and en suite; also light housekeeping.
] SIXTH. 314— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping: $S.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny rooms, $1 25, $1 50, $2
week; closet; running water.
TAYLOR. 70C— A well-furnished sunny room
for gentleman.
THE New Grand House, 246 Third St.— lso fur-
nished rooms from $1 to $4 per week or from
$3 to $15 month: reading-rooms. A. T.
VAYSSI, Proprietor.
j TURK, 218 A —Sunny suite of. 2 small rooms;
gas and bath.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms, $6
up; bath.
ROOMS A .D UOARD.
BUSH, S22— First-class room and board, every-
thing the very latest; running water; gas;
bath; telephone; down town; no car fare.
! ELLIS, CIS— 2 sunny alcove rooms, with board.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
| room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
i HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changed hands: thor-
; oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 159-Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, 808— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights; bath; with board; moderate.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Kent to nny address ln the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ELDERLY German lady wishes child to board;
reasonable. 30 Willow aye., near Eddy st.
JESSIE, £39— Good home for Infant or 1 or a
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
STORES TO LET.
NINTH, 500, corner Bryant — Large corner store;
fine fixtures; living rooms and stable; cheap.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.,
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment, cheap; responsible parties.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market St., opp. 10th.
$11— STORE and fixtures: 3 light living rooms;
kitchen adjoins store. 1008 Natoma, nr. 11th.
WANTED— Tenants for nice stores within
block of Baldwin. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 69 McAllister
Ft.; pills, $1; very btrong, J2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments lued;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, J5; pills $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive: price, U 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores In one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free: can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure, J5; by
the well known DR. POPI'ER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
hume in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. "WINTERS & Dr. Schwartz, 832 Castro cor.
7th, Oakland; reliable practitioners: home in
confinement; guar'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
DR. and MRS. WEOENKR, VtU Gold.-n Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; price,
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
VR. HALL, 9 McAllister at.; diseases of
women and children.
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tn« Weakly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE— A thoroughbred registered Jersey
cow; price $50. Apply corner Rose st. and Saa
Pablo aye.. West Berkeley. .\
WHAT have you to exchange for callgraph?
excellent condition. Address box 81, Call.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store.
1209 i Devlsadero st. " ' ; .
EXCHANGE— mare for type-
writer or tandem. Dental Parlors, 731 Market.
BANK book for sale; California" Savings and
Loan Society; state how much on dollar. F.,
box 65. Call office. .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, •■' linoleum, office furniture, store • and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
FOR sale— Cosumnes copper mine, lEI Dorado
County; title U." S. patent. For particulars
address JOHN THEISEN, 800 McAllister st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. ; HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. ,-■■-.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., pawn office. ;■■: . ■:. ;:"  ■...'■.■;' :'■■'■ ,'•
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
BOILER, engines, 'tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. , So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New; and second-hand: cheaper than
■ ever. > Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, r show cases, counters, shelving, -. etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
~ ""SEWING MACHINES. , "~~0
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
> cheap; repairing guaranteed. , 1915 : Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
.;: machine • supplies. .' 145 Sixth; phone . Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged;, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. • 205 Fourth st.
~ ATTORNEYS AT '■ LAW.
ADVICE free; : no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL ' private law cases, Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty.McCabe, 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
., ket; ; consultation - free; ;no fees tin > advance. ' ,
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. McAllister st.; room 64. .
.;.V";-"./ PHYSICIANS^ > .
DR." C. iC. O'DONNELL, office ' and"- residence/
1208 , Market; ' diseases of. women , a .s pecialty.
PERSONALS.
GREVEX'S latest war song, "Remember, Boys,
the Maine," is a big hit all over the coun-
try; for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms, 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building, 1236 Market st.
CHRISTOPHER McLENNON came to Call-
fornia in 1850 from Baltimore, Maryland. He
was then about 50 years old; all persons hav-
ing any information whatever respecting him
or his relatives are urgently requested, for
the benefit of his heirs, to address the un-
dersigned, who will pay fnr successful infor-
mation. MILLER & BONSAL. Attorneys,
Equitable building, Baltimore. Md.
BUSINESS i ERSOXALS.
DO not use a stiff, hard-pointed brush on your
hair; let me dress it for 25c; good switches,
$1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy,
long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED to rent; 5x6 foot frontage, with
large traffic, neighborhood of Market st. ; to
open depot. Address 230 Kearny St., room 16.
MRS. JOHNSON S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure-. r>79 Geary st.
USE Qulnonla Hair Tonic; it will prevent
dandruff. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DItKSSMAKEUS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies" French Tailoring
College, filfi Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
23 and 28, 1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locate* buried
treasures; letters answered: inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c,gents$l; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by planets; I
predicted in '74 overdue steamer on island.
23% Sixth st.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant, fee 25c. 41
Minna st. ; basement.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 2.'.c up; by mail $1. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, curd reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., roomlO.
CLARA NORDLINGER. card-reader and palm-
ist. 101 Eddy *t., room 12.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon; never fails; advice; help. 92S Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The~Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
M-IIU t I W.i.vU.
MRS. M. FAA'RE removed from 836 Mission
St. to 10S2 Market.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m. ; Sat. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
Fittings dally. 212tf Sixth it.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PALMISTKY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday. 3 p.
m. , 30". Larkln; readings at res., 353 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL..
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, tflegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, ap^aylng, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression,
first floor over the Alcazar Theater: summer
term begins this month; for teachers and
students; 1 to 5 p. m. dally. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a !
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you |
thorough. Room D 72, 855 Market st.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, 17. C, 2407 S. Athertnn,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING SVhooi; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arohit.; day & eve.- !
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLKN. 933 Market. I
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
S39~HAYES ST.— Branch offlceT of~The Call.
Subscriptions and nds taken.
LOST.
LOST— Yost -Falcon bicycle. No. 13. Keturn to
A. SAMUELS. 22 Mason St.; liberal rewar.l.
LOST— Pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOHANNA CROWLEY; No. 94,431—
2.0 M.255. Finder will please return to bank.
SATURDAY last, from Fifteenth St., fox ter-
rier; 7 months old; pink nose; black spot on
ear and tail; leather collar; liberal reward.
26 Montgomery st., room 17.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGED
TO exchange — Cor. grocery and saloon with liv-
ing rooms; I own ' "MInK: for ranch in So-
noma County. See owner at 651 Mission st.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved: 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vines: balance corn and
beans; srood road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
eary terms. Address J. JENSEN. 1M Third.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st ,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday. June 25, 189S, and opened imme-
diately thereafter In the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies for the Veterans'
Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad station
Yountvllle), for the six months commencing :
July 1, 189S, and ending December 31, 1898.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less it is in accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon gome well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that ths
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
| reject any or all bida and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, St -etary Veter- '
■ps Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansoroe
si, San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
LLGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of AMELIA V.
R. PIXLEY, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
executors of the will of AMELIA V. R. PIX-
LEY, deceased, to the creditors of and all per-
sons having claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers
within ten months after the first publication of
this notice, to the said executors at their office.
No. 2 Montgomery street, city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, the same
being their place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate in the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California.
F. D. CURTIS,
THE UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
Executors of the Will of AMELIA V. R. PIX-
LEY, Deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, June 15, 1898.
THE Pacific Heberew Orphan Asylum and
Home Soci»tv hereby give notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1, IS9B, to June 30, 1898. the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls, viz.: Ada Hoffman, aged 10 years 7
months; Hyman Hoffman, aged 5 years 7
months; Solomon Meyers, aged 4 years 2
months; Phyllis Scharff, aged 8 years 10
months; Claudlo Scharff, aged 7 years 3
months; Rebecca Kuhn. aged 10 years 11
months; Stella Kuhn, aged 9 years 10 months;
Samuel Kuhn, aged 6 years; Meyer
Kuhn, aged 3 years 9 months; May Lewis,
aged 9 years 4 months: Hattie Baer, aged 14
years 3 months: Bertha Baer, aged 10 years:
Moses Baer, aged 10 years; Max Baer, aged 8
years 9 months: Edward Levy, aged 4 veirs
8 months; Joseph Cahn, aged 11 years I
months, and Leo C.&bn, aged 5 years.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 27I7 Twenty-first ft., near Bry-
ant; new 7-room cottage; all modern improve-
. ments; see - owner on premises on Sunday
from 10 to 12 a. m.'and 2 to 4 r- m., or apply
_J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market, nr. Bth.
VALUABLE piece improved city property;
great "prospective " value: : trade for lots.
HOOKER & LENT, 14: Post st. :
$525— LOT and cottage.. 4 rooms and bath; in-
stallments. 9 Couvier st., near St. Mary's
College. v ;-:-u.~-?r->ji':<'-'
LOTTA st., near the Affiliated Colleges, and
■ Stanyan st.; 75 feet from Parnassus aye.
electric line; a cheap lot; will build any i
kind of house on any kind of terms. W. W. i
REDNALL. builder. 1326 Hayes st.
LOT for sale cheap. Address B. C. RYAN, 8
Lafayette st. .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$10 PER acre— acres level land in Tehama
County. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— House 5 rooms, bath, brick foun-
• dation. Owner, 962 Third St., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate " dealer, notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR Rent— s7s; a strictly up-to-date residence, |
14 rooms, billiard room, etc.; fine neighbor- ;
hood; excellent view of city, bay and ocean; i
convenient to cars and trains; rooms hand- !
" somely carpeted and ready for furniture; will i
rent or lease: responsible parties only need j
apply. R. J. MONTGOMERY, 1112 Broadway, j
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn; j
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; 589 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle- Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny tingle room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNK, Sfi2 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE r 1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old Ftore. 40S Eleventh St.
OAKLAND MERCHANT TAILORS.
SUITS made to order on installments; $1 per
week. Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway,
. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$600— 30x125; elegant location; street work
done. $1500— New 5-room cottage on Grand st. ;
2 blocks from Grand St. station. $3000— Elegant
new colonial cottage, 7 rooms and bath :
Chestnut st. station; easy terms. $6000— Fine
7-room cottage; modern in every way; lot 50
xlSO; stable, etc.; Morton st. station; will
exchange for San Francisco property. Bar-*
gains in all parts of Alameda. Alameda Land
Co., 1500 Park St., Alameda.
WILL build modern 5-room house on a nice
lot, good location: only $1600; terms. Apply
to owner, J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park. Alameda.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapln st.
9-ROOM house and stable; % block Willow Sta-
tion; easy terms. Apply Call office. s
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
. fre*.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FINE 6-room cottage, $16; 5-room cottage, with
water. $15. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
5-ROOM cottage; modern; nice neighborhood;
' $15. 1516 Minturn St., Grand Station, Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
8- ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
HONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
. land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal ; lowest rates;
no commission; private. . 116 McAllister st.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W\ OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
ANY sum, ,Ist or 2rl mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc.' Room 7, 508 California «t.
,$5O TO $60,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market Ft.
MARRIAGE I LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George H. Wlegner and Annie C. Cassidy".. 26-26
Giuseppe Ferrari and lUla Ftrrari 24-18
Charles Martin and Mary G. Galll 31-21
Henry F. Vogt and Annie Wi11iam5........ 62-35
Arthur Lachman and Bertha Nathan...... 24-23 '
William C. Spiegel and Rose Fischer.. 24-21
Arthur G. Doran and Mary E. Bennett 29-18
Julius Abrahamson and Rebecca Phinlps. 34-24
W. Fehlemelcher and Justina Delaroue .23-22
Narciso Pucci and Delia A. Glynn 22-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HATCH— this city, June 23, IS9S, to the
wife of F. A. Hatch, a daughter.
HERTZMANN— June 20, . 189S, to the wife .of
| Leo Hertzmann, a daughter. )
NELSON— 24, 1898, to the wife of Louis
Nelson, twins— a son and a daughter. .
MAHItIED.
HODAPP— ANSON— Tn this city. May 25, 1898,
by the Rev. Father Ryan. Joseph L. Hodapp
of Brannan Island and : Celia Anson, late of
San Francisco. .
LEEDS— ROBERTSON— In this city. June 23,
1898, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, : Eugene M.
Leeds of Baden, San Mateo County, Cal.,
and Elizabeth A. Robertson of San Francisco.
TRUELOCK— ROBERTSON— this city, June
16. 1898, • by the Rev. John Hemphlll. Wil-
liam R. Truelock and Grace Robertson, both
- of San Francisco.'
DIED.
Boysen, Captain H. v Klpke, Carl .
Brennan, Rose Kornfleld, Samuel
• Brown, Ellen F. , tavern, Jane
Clarke. John C. ■ Lubkert. : Marie
Coleman, Charles D. McCann, Rose
; Dermody, Michael ' Magee. Catherine •'
Doherty, Mathew Mahoney, Thomas
Dowling, Edmund . Nelson (Infant) .
, Eggers, Harry W. Reichman, John v
Geraghty, Richard Saul, Agatha M. C.
" Hammersmith. " John Scanlln, Hugh W.
Heacock. William S. Silbersteln. Philip
Jentzsch. Johann: G. Soule, Marie L. .
Johanson, Gustof E. Uprlchard, Marie F.
';■■ Kentzell, Mary T. :- Whittmore, James B.
' BOYSEN— In this city, June 23, 1898, Captain
v Hans ■ Boysen, beloved ■■ husband of Anna C.
Boysen, father of Henry, Meta and Frida
Boysen, brother of Louis P. Boysen of Lorln,
and ' twin brother of the late Jens Boypen, a
I native of Alsen. Germany, aged 65 years . 11
months and 28 days.- , . y
. ICTTrlends ; and acquaintances are respect-
fully ; Invited to attend the . funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, 'j from his late resi- !
dence, 227 Francisco street, thence to ' Master
: Mariners'. Hall, Alcazar building, where serv- j
■ ices I will be held, commencing at 2 o'clock, i
Interment I. O. O.F. Cemetery. Please omit
-' flowers. ..■■'.. ' .■■.•.';■:
BRENNAN— In ; this city, • June 24, IS9S. Rose,
beloved, wife of. Jolin Brennan, daughter of
the late Charles and Mary McV'ey, ; and sis-
ter of .P. H. , Charles A. , Mary ;A. and Kate
F. McVey, a native ! of New York '• City. ? ~
IC? Friends : are respectfully . invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow. (Sunday), at 10:30
'■ o'clock, from her -, late ; residence, : 336 "..-Fell
. street, •. thence -. to ■ Sacred ' Heart '. Church, ; cor-
ner Fillmore and Fell streets, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing- at 11 o'clock. I
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
i BROWN— In i San : Rafael, June 23, 1898, Ellen
! F.,* beloved wife of W. D. Brown, and daugh-
ter of : Mr. : and Mrs. Charles H. : Fish, aged
j■" 21 years. ." .'•' '■■. - : ■ :"' -. - - ■■••'■ ,'
:■•• IE?" The I funeral will take . place ' this day
(Saturday), ' at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
I '•'■ dence, Fourth : street, near F. San Rafael. ■; "
1 CLARKE— In the City : and : County > Hospital.
; ■. June 24. : 1595, ; John Charles ; Clarke, ■ a native
i of California, aged 3S years.
COLEMAN— this city, June 23. 1898, Charles
>' D.; Coleman, - a native of ; Tennessee, : aged 37
- : - years.-. >■'.'.:•:• '■;" ■.■.■';'.'■■'..."-'. "./'^'■■■■'i-'. ' .
I |[7Frienda and acquaintances and members
•\ '.-; ..... r-.v.v" _:,. r--r~---~y : r--r--r~:~"i'-^:
of San Francisco Typographical Union No.
21 are respectfully invited to attend the ru-
neral this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors of N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento
street. Interment Printers' Plat, Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
DERMODY— In this city. June 24. 18S8. Mich-
ael, beloved husband of the late U tnefora
Dermody, and father of James, Martin ana
Annie Dermody, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years.
DOHERTY— Entered Into rest. June 23, 1898,
Mathew. dearly beloved husband of Lizzie
F. Doherty. a native of Glin, County Lim-
erick, Ireland, aged 52 years.
ETFriends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 13"24 York street, thence to : t. Peter ■
Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets,
where a solemn requiem hiph mass will De
celebrated for the rei>oHe of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DOWLING —An anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated tor the repose of the soul
of the late Edmund Dowling in Sacred Heart
Church, corner Fell and Fillmore streets,
this day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend.
EGGERS— In this city, June 24. 1898. Harry
William, beloved son of Frederick and Marie
Eggers, and brother of Freddie. Arthur. Ma-
mie, Ettie and Gracie Eggers, a native or
Pan Francisco, aged 17 years 4 months ana
27 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence or
his parents, 302 Gough street, near Fell, in-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
GERAGHTY— In this city, June 23, IS9S, Rich-
ard, dearly beloved husband of Maggie Ger-
aghty, and brother of Mrs. William Carson,
a native of Dublin. Ireland, aged 36 years
3 months and 5 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 142 Townsend street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAMMERSMITH— In this city, June 22. 1898,
John Edward, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth Hammersmith, and father of Al-
fred, Elpa and Florence Hammersmith, aged
59 years 1 month and IS days.
CTFriemls and acqurJntances are respect-
fully invited to attend tb« funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1332 Geary street, between Gough and
Octavia. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
liy-ACOCK— In Santa Clara, Cal., June 23, 1898.
William Stockton, last surviving son of Rev.
H. B. and 11. A. Heacock, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 21 years 10 months and 25 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, the Methodist Episcopal parsonage,
at Santa Clara. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland, going from Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets, San Francisco, on the
arrival of the 1:19 train, taking the i, o'clock
creek route boat to Oakland from foot of
Market street.
JENTZSCH— In Healdsburg, Cal., June 23. 1891.
Johann Gottlob, beloved husband of Rosina
Jentzsch, and father of Reinhold, Leopold.
Otto, William and Agnes Jentzsch and Mrs.
Edward Whitson, a native of Saxony, Ger-
many, aged 77 years.
IT^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 113 Morris avenue, off Bryant street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
JOHANSON— In this city, June 21. 1898. Gus-
tof E. Johanson, a native Qf Sweden, aged
10 years 1 month and 2S days.
C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Market and Seventh streets, under the
auspices of Ophir Lodge No. 171, I. O. O. F.
KENTZELL— In this city, June 24. 189 S. Mary
T., beloved wife of James E. Kentzell,
dearly beloved sister of Mrs. W. E. Bones,
Mrs. Lawrence Murphy and Chris O'Brien,
daughter of the late Thomas and Catherine
O'Brien, and niece of Mrs. Margarette Ridon.
(CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect -
! fully invited to atter"* 'he funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 37 Morris avenue, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, where prayers will be said for the re-
pose of her soul.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. 7— Sisters:
You are earnp.stly requested to attend the
j funeral of our deceased past president, Mrs.
J. E. Kentzell, from her late residence, 37
Morris avenue. By order
MAY STEIN, Pres.
MRS. VT. GREANY. Rec. Sec.
I KIPKE— In Oakland. June 23, IS9S. Carl, be-
loved husband of Adolphine Kipke, a native
of Mecklenburg, Schwerin. Germany, aged 53
years S months and 1 day. A member of
Keystone Lodge No. 64, A. O. U. W.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from the hall of
Keystone Lodge No. 64, A. O. U. W., 1169
Broadway, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
Henry Evers, BCS Washington street, Oak-
land.
KORNFIELD— In this city, June 24. 1898. Sam-
uel, beloved husband of Hannah Kornfield.
■and father of Nathan, Harry, Louis ' and
Helen Kornfield, Mrs. Henry I,ando and Mrs.
Sander Lang, a native of Hungary, aged 48
years and 14 days. • - • .'..••.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 248 Twelfth street, near Folsom. and
thence by 11:30 o'clock train to Hills lof
Eternity Cemetery for interment. Please
omit flowers.
LOVERN— In this city. June 23, 1898. Jane
- Lovern. a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
LUBKERT— In this city, June 23. 1898, Marie,
.beloved wife of Adolph Lubkert, and mother
of Henry and Herman Lubkert, a native of
Hoi stein. Germany, aged 85 years 3 months
. nnd 29 days.
McCANN— In this city, June 23, 1898, Rose Me--
Cann. beloved sister of Mrs. Samuel L. Con-
lan, a native of San Francisco. .. . - . : .
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, rom ■ the resi-
dence of her sister. Mrs. S. L. Conlan, 305
- Stelner street, thence to Sacred Heart Church.
Fillmore and Fell streets, where a requiem
high maps will be celebrated for the repose
of her poul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
torment Holy Cross Cemetery.. —
MAGEE— June 23. 1898. Catherine, beloved wife
of Alexander Magee. and mother of Mrs. : A. L
E. Hawkyard and John and Alexander Magee
Jr., a native of Ireland, aged 47 years. -
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 007 York street." thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage.
MAHONEY —In this city, June' 23, 1898.
Thomas, dearly beloved son of John and Nora
Mahoney, . a native of Tarmons Tarbert,
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 32 years 1 month
and 5 days. . ■ ' .< ..".
|H7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth
■ and Alabama streets. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . ■ - .
NELSON— In this city. June 24, 1898, twin' and
infant daughter of Louis and Amanda Nel-
son, and sister of twin brother Nelson. •
native of San Francisco.. . . .
REICHMAN— In this city, June 24, 189 S. John,
beloved husband of Mamie Reichman. and
father of Grace Reichman, a native of Ger-
many, and a resident of Fresno, Cal., aged
54 years and 11 months.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SAUL— In East Oakland, June 22, ' 1898, Agatha
M. C beloved daughter of Peter and Ellen
Saul, and sister of James A. and Peter M.
Saul, a native of . East Oakland, ; Cal., .aged
28 years 2 months and 17 days. (Chicago
papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late- resi-
dence, 664 East Eighteenth street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth avenues, i thence
' to St. Anthony's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the. repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery.
SCANLIN— In this city, June 24, 1898, Hugh
Washington, beloved son of H. W. and Nellie
F. Scanlin, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years 8 months and 21 -days. : ■
SILBERSTEIN— this city.- June 23. 1898,
Philip Silberstein. father of Mrs. L. Peiser.
Mrs A. Eber. Mrs. Jacob Bock, Mrs. H. A.
Wasch, Mrs. R. Schwartz of Meriden. Conn.,
and Mrs. A. AnsDack of New York, and
• brother of S. Silberstein, Mrs. Roman. Mrs.
Bornstein, Mrs. Goldner, Mr. A. Silberstein
and Mrs. Simon . of New York, a native of
Zduny. Prussia, aged 77 years. :
• Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1217 Golden Gate avenue. . Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by train from
Third and Townsend streets. .
SOULE— In this city. June 24, 1898, Maria I».
Soule, a native of Boston. Mass. . .
UPRICH Fruitvale, Marie Florence,
beloved wife of John Uprichard, and daught-
er of Mrs. F. H. Marlon, a native of ; New
York, aged 22 years 11 months and 10 days. -
ICTFuneral private.
WHITTMORE— In Los Angeles. June 22. 189S,
James Bayard, beloved : husband of i Linda
. Whittmore, ■ and grandson of : the late Com-
' modore Sloat, a : native of : New York, aged
68 years and 8 months.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
■ (Sunday), at. 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of - Porter & White, 122 Eddy street..
Members of the Loyal Legion, California
' Volunteers, and G. A. R. are especially in-
vited to attend. Interment National ■ Ceme-
'■-"■ tery^ '■ .„■'."■"■ ■• -- - . - ' "■'.. - y. 1 '-"-■':' . -.. '
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEB3 I
I. 1.0 t IiTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Beaul. •" !. I
'■: ':■■ : Telephone, South 80. _^__l_iX_
— — a— —— ~»^i ■ —^ »
-Estab.^lBM. . , Tel. South ' 47. .
CRAIG & COCH RAFsI CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalrners,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE; *
Lady assistants. ■ Spacious chapel far th« att
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our tmbulaae*.
1314
GRAND JURY
AFTER FERRY
DEPOT FRAUDS
Members Spend an Afternoon
Making a Personal
Investigation.
The Building Demonstrated to Be a Gaudy
Sham Instead of a Solid Monument to
the Wealth of This Great State.
Yesterday was a bad day for Presi
dent Colnon of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, lie received a visit
from members of the present Grand
Jury.
To speak more correctly, the visit
•was not paid to Commissioner Colnon
personally, but to the new ferry depot
building. The object of the visit was
the inspection of the building for the
purpose of ascertaining the details of
the frauds by which the State has been
robbed of more than $100,000 by means
of the manipulation of contracts.
No one but members of the Grand
Jury was invited to be present at the
Inspection, but during the course of the
afternoon all of the Harbor Commis
sioners dropped in, one after the other.
Supervising Architect Swain, whose of
ficial approval has been given to all of
the changes and various other kinds
of jugglery that have resulted in such
rich profits to favored contractors and
such great loss to the State, also
strolled in to see what was going on.
During the course of the afternoon he
was joined by a majority of the em
ployes and petty officials in the employ
of the board. None sought to intrude
on the little band of jurors, but they
hung about on the outskirts and kept
a cautious eye on the proceedings that
mean so much or so little to those who
have been accused of being responsible
for the Jobbery that has marked every
stage in the construction of the build-
Ing.
Those of the grand jurors who par
ticipated in the investigation were
Foreman M. H. Ilecht. J. D. McKee, J.
B. Stetson, J. J. Rich. Luke Battles,
Samuel C. Irving and George A. Kohn.
About three hours and a half were con
sumed in going over the building, and
at the end of that time the jurors ex
pressed themselves as being firmly
convinced that the apparent frauds
were so numerous and so costly to the
State that it would require several
weeks of patient investigation to get
at the facts and fix the responsibility
on the proper persons.
The ferry building is now almost com
pleted, with the exception of the mez
zanine floor, which is to be left un
finished because the numerous raids
that have been made by favored con
tractors on the treasury have exhausted
the appropriation of $600,000. The build
ing presents an imposing exterior, and
parts of the interior are sufficiently
showy to catch the eye and elicit the
admiration of the casual observer.
From without the building seems to be,
as it was intended to be, a monument
to the wealth of a great State and the
public spirit of her citizens. Yester
day's investigation disclosed the fact
that the monumental walls enclose
nothing but a gaudy sham that is a
disgrace to the State and a reproach
to the officials who are responsible for
Its existence.
Access to the main floor Is g-ained by
a broad night of steps flanked by a
wainscoting of highly polished marble.
■At the head of the stairway one steps
at once into the grand nave, the floor
of which is paved with mosaic. In the
floor the tiny blocks of stone, furnished
by the contractor, form infrequent is
lands in the sea of cement, furnished
by the State, in which they are set.
The marble wainscoting observed on
the stairs stretches away on both sides
In polished elegance. Above this are
brick walls, spotted and discolored, in
place of the Roman pressed brick and
tiling called for in the original plans
and specifications and paid for by the
State. Overhead the translucent glass
In the skylights is cracked and broken,
faulty construction having already be
gun to make itself apparent.
Beyond the grand nave and running
parallel with it is the waiting room,
which extends fr nn end to end of the
lengthy building. Here are no marks
of elegance. Cheap plr.e partitions and
wainscoting appear in place of the
polished oak contracted for and paid for
by the State. Pine doors close the
openings that were to have been closed
with pretentious fireproof, steel shut
ters. Above the wainscoting the walls
are covered with sheets of galvanized
Iron, nailed to the studding like shin
gles to a roof. The sheets of iron are
buckled and billowy, because the con
tractor was allowed to evade the speci
fications of his contract and thereby
effect a saving to himself in labor and
material of something like $8000. At
each end of the waiting room the walls,
which are the end walls of the build-
Ing, are built of common red brick of
the kind of which chimneys are con
structed. The brick is covered "with a
nwt of plaster, which in turn Js cov
ered with a coat of paint. The State
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR YEARS OURED
TWO REMARKABLE CASES.
I have been an intense sufferer from Eczema
for tivo years. - I tried medicines, four doc-
tors, ono a specialist in skin diseases, with no
improvement, and setting mo almost frantic'
with dreadful itching. . After using throe bot-
tles of Cuticuba Resolvent, ana one box of
CimcunA Salve, / teas completely aired.
GEO. A. LOWS, 007 Market St., Phil., Pa.
I bad Eczemi for seven years, and my scalp
was in a bad state. ; Three inches of my back
vrus covered with a dry scab. The itching was
■ co had I thought it would drive mo mad. I
tried all remedies, but could not getcured, I
used five bottles of Currier Resolvent, five
cakes of CrrricrKA SoAr, and five boxes of
Cuticttra Salve, and / was completely cured.
C. LONG, 023 Wilton' Are., Toronto, Can.
Rpftot Cube TnEATjtevT mr. Tortthtko, Disno-
riiijro HrilOßß.vriTilJ.osS of Haib —Worm btthi with
Cuticcba Soap, frit's «nolnfinr» with CUIICC'SA,
mild do»e»of Cutk i »i* llnwiun. -f j ■--- j^\ [^'vu •
* Sold thtonghoDt tUf world. Pottb« Dbto AWvCmt.
* Cosr.rrop^.fioitoo- Hoy to Cure Be aai IX ft-.
contracted and paid for Roman pressed
and molded brick at the ends of the
building, but— well, the State did not
get what it paid for.
Beyond the waiting room is the rear
gallery, which also extends the entire
length of the building. The walls of
the gallery are covered with galvanized
iron, and in elegance and artistic ef
fect resemble a hen house in the Chi
nese quarter. Here also the contractor
reaped a rich harvest by ignoring the
provisions of his contract.
The mezzanine floor, which was to
have been the permanent home of the
State Board of Trade and other in
dustrial organizations, is a wilderness
of staring beams, floorless joists and
cobwebs. Instead of being the home of
industrial institutions it is the home of
b^ts and rats. The combination of tin
sel and sackcloth to be found in the
gaudy nave, the poor but dishonest
waiting-room and the poverty-stricken
and mournful gallery have eaten up the
munificent appropriation and there was
nothing left for the mezzanine floor.
A pjtrt of the information gleaned l>y
the grand jurors was the fact that the
original plans and specifications ur.itar
which all of the contracts were let
called f<T the very best and modi ex
pensive material and finish both in-side
and cut; that after all of the contracts
had l«tn let for doinjj this \vnrU, a3
spe-ified, there remained a surplus o!
$40,000 out of the appropriation of $000.
0&0. Since that time changes an 1 all<-r
ations vit^out number have been mad-*,
contractors have juggled with official*.
rfl'icinls have jugp!ed with eon. Titters
rind both have jiggled with tha funds.
The net result is the partially completed
Bhuin that if a monument to the nn
wjith of these who have been entrusted
with its construction, and a depleted
appropriation instead of the surj.us of
$»>>.ooo.
The grand Jurors learned many other
thtn^.s and they lope to learn r.i'ire, a
hope that is o> Ik (6 by the citiz id whe
Lave cutne to a knowledge of the fact
that the money they gave so frej y hfs
been put to no <;• < d use.
WORK FOR LABORERS.
The San Mateo Railway Will Expend
Thousands of Dollars on
Its Road.
It is the intention of John A. Buck and
Nicholas Ohlandt of the San Mateo and
San Francisco Electric Railroad, to begin
rebuilding its park branch of the road
over Eighteenth street, from Guerrero to
Danvers, where the switchback turn con
nects with Eighteenth.
On this line at the present time there
is but one track of rails with a turnout
half way between Guerrero and Danvers.
This will be done away with and a double
track laid the entire distance with heavy
steel rails such as have recently been
put down on the main line from Market
to Thirtieth street. As soon as the road
is finished the time schedule will be
changed from twelve to five minutes, as
the running time now is very unsatisfac
tory to the thousands of Mission people
who prefer to patronize this line because
of its charming scenery and general cour
teous treatment from the employes of
the road.
In addition to this, the managers of the
company will begin work on the road
from Ocean View to Holy Cross Cemetery,
where similar material will be used, and
instead of the old jolting line one of the
very best and most substantial street raij
roada In the world will be ready for their
patronage. .The line will be completed
in about two months.
The work contemplated by the owners
of this line will involve thousands of dol
lars, all of which will be distributed
among the people of this city for laboi
and material.
PASSING OF E. P. IVORY.
Universal Sorrow Expressed for the
Death of the Former Clerk of
the Railroad Postoffice.
General sorrow is expressed for the
sudden death of Edgar P. Ivory, a former
clerk in the Portland and San Francisco
Postoffloe, who met death at Ashland, Or.,
on June 23, away from friends and loved
ones, while on a mission of duty. The fol
lowing testimony of regret was tendered
und published by the employes of the
Postofflce, the deceased's fellow-work
men:
It ia with a feeling of the deepest sorrow
that this office Is compelled to make the an
nouncement of the death of our beloved com
rade. In the passing of Ivory the department
loses an attentive empolye and the clerks a
courteous and friendly fellow-worker.
That death called, on him while yet In the
performance of his duty proves him to have
been adherent to the jjust and noble prin
ciples that actuated even' action both in his
private and public career. Though death beck
oned to him when for away, let us hope he
wont on hts last lons mission with resigna
tion and full confidence of a happiness here
after.
The sympathies of all the clerks In this divis
ion toward the widow, ill in body and mind,
and the family that dwells In sorrow, find
universal exi>re;*?i<>n. and Is by this office
as earnestly tendered.
. . ♦ .
A Park Policeman's Daring Act.
Park Policeman Kavanagh Thursday
■ stopped a runaway horse after an ex
j citing chase over a block. The animal
I had been left outaido the park entrance
|by Fred Unas, a collector, and was
frightened by a number of trumpeters
who were out practicing. It turned into
' the park and wildly tore down the drive,
scattering a company of infantrymen In
all directions. Kavanaugh happened to
lie in the vicinity and he spurred his
i horse and gave < hase. He soon caught
i up with the frightened animal and catch
ing it by the bridle put an end to tts mad
; night.
El Carnpo
Will be open to visitors to-morrow as
usual. The Ukiah always pulls out on
time, but as she makes four round trips
every Sunday, one can always catch a
boat.
The resort is deservedly popular. No
noisy demonstrations— just a quiet, home
piaee, where you can take your lunch en
fnmille, or dance if you want to. The
pavilion promenade of a Sunday after
noon embraces nearly every pretty girl
of note in San Francisco. Announcement
in amusement columns.
Gave Himself Up.
John Maxwell, who is evidently insane,
walked into the California street station
last nipht and asked for protection, say
ing that his enemies were pursuing him
with intent to kill. He was sent to the
Receiving Hospital and will be examined
for Insanity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1898.
"RAWHIDE GOLD"
ENLIVENS THE
NEVILLS CASE
George W, Baker's Fierce Assault
Upon the Acts of the
Prosecution.
Exceedingly Hot Language Used in a Police
Court Brief Charging Unfair Action— The
Parties Indicted and Arrested.
The notorious Nevills case, which has
occupied the attention of Judge Joach
imsen's court for over seven weeks, and
which has branch actions In the United
States District Court and the court in
Fresno, has taken another turn, which
makes it, if possible, more odorous.
The new phase grows out of the dispo
sition of the case in the Police Court yes
terday. On Monday George AY. Baker,
attorney for the defendants, Elsie Wil
liams, Grace Loose ami one Azhderian,
made a motion for dismissal on the
ground that no evidence had been ad
duced by the prosecution upon which to
hold the defendants. District Attorney
Barnes and Prosecuting Attorney Gra
ham opposed the motion and it was
agreed that each side should file a brief
for the guidance of the Judge, who said
he would render his decision on the mo
tion Friday. Attorney Baker was ready
and the District Attorney stated that he
would have his brief in the hands of the
Judge on Wednesday morning. It was
submitted promptly, but after its peru
sal Judge Joachimsen met Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Dunne and stated that de
fendants' brief was very skillfully and
carefully prepared and that he was sur
prised that the District Attorney had not
GEORGE W. BAKER, the Attorney Who Wrote the Fiery
Brief in the Notorious Nevills Case.
taken the trouble to more fully answer I
the allegations. His Honor also stated '
that if there was any further evidence j
to come from the prosecution ho would j
continue the case from yesterday till
Monday next.
No further showing was made by the I
District Attorneys office, and when the j
cause came up yesterday it was made i
known to the Judge that the prosecution
had been practically abandoned in his i
court and that the prosecution hacl gone j
before the Grand Jury and obtained in- i
dietments of the defendants. As this ad
vanced the rase to the Superior Court,
Judge Joachimsen stated that there was
nothing left for him to do but dismiss
the charges and exonerate the bondsmen.
This was accordingly done, Prosecuting
Attorney Graham stating incidentally i
that he : -*ntirely concurred in the state
ments made in Baker's brief, and consid
ered the action of the prosecution an af
front to the court, whether it was inten
tional or not.
The recital of 'the evidence in the case
and the deductions therefrom, In Attor
ney Baker's brief, make very warm read
ing, such as is seldom seen in a docu
ment of the kind. A sample of the vehe
mence of Mr. Bilker is shown in the fol
lowing extract from his allegations re
ferring to Azhderian and Miss Loose:
Why should the court be asked to do what
the prosecuting witness hus not done, namely,
<JH,-Inre that these two defendants have made
threats and extorted money from the prosecut
ing witness, when the witness himself did not
even hint at such a thing? What does it mat
ter In the face of these stubborn facts what
Azhderian said to any other person, or who
sat on his lap, or under whose bed his shoes
were, or how far he walked barefooted, or
whose leg he was going to pull, or how much
money he expected to make, or any other of the
nifs* 01 trash that was wrung into the record,
the garvaman being did he threaten to ex
pose Nevills to his wife for adultery, and by
reason of such threat did Nevtlla part with his
■property? Most assuredly not. and neither
did Mrs. Ijoose; and as to them it does not
come to a question, an stated by the District
Attorney, aa to the weight of the testimony.
There is absolutely no evidence to support the
charge at all as against these two people.
In drawing conclusions from the evi
dence the brief further says:
Barely, it is such an open perversion of the
testimony In the case as to cast a suspicion
upon the pood faith and candor of that ofllcer
whose duty is not to persecute people nor ask
for their incarceration when it must be known
to him that neither the law nor the evidence
warrants it. The £tate Is not looking for vic
tims, even if that green-eyed, lecherous se
ducer of woman's virtue who swore to the
complaint in this case is.
After enumerating various so-called in
consistencies in the prosecution's allega
tions Attorney Baker concludes his
heavily charged document with the fol
lowing caloric assertions:
Since the foregoing matter was reduced to
form I am advised that the District Attorney
hns marshaled his witnesses before the Grand
Jury and procured the Indictment of these de
fendants by that moot august tribunal.
Again the yellow metal from the Rawhide
mine intrudes its hydra head. In one of the
public journals this morning the following
paragraph appears:
"For some time past Elsie Williams, Grace
JjOose, her Bister, and Myron Azhderian have
been in the Police Court as defendants, the
charge preferred against them by Captain
Nevllls being extortion. District Attorney
Harnes, not feeling satisfied with the Pollre
Court pTE-oeedings, had an examination of the
chief witnesses before the Grand Jury and se
cured indictment."
What occasion has been shown In this case
for the District Attorney tr> abandon a prose
cution In the Police Court that he has kept
In motion for more than seven weeks? Is it
the law that defendants shall be dragged from
their homes, placed under heavy bonds, re
quired to dance attendance upon a court for
nearly two months, where the proceedings have
been orderly and legally conducted and all the
facts connected with the crime brought out
and reduced to •writing, the case argued and
submitted, and the day before Judgment is to
. be announced in a secret and star chamber .
fashion go before the Grand Jury anil us© the
power of hie office to have the defendants in
dicted, thereby Ignoring the proceedings which
himself instituted In this court or the right
of this court as a judicial officer to announce
Its conclusions upon the testimony? Is it any
wonder, therefore, that the common people
should make outcry against tlie methods pur
sued by these scions of the law? Have the
people any rights against the demands of
purse-proud prosecutors?
This is probably the first time in the history
of judicial proceedings in this court where
such an extraordinary proceeding as this has
been attempted, and this, too, for the sole and
only reason that It is well known to the court
and to every person who listened to this testi
mony, that this prosecution was malicious upon
the part of the prosecuting witness, was with
out probable cause, and an indictment was the
only remedy to shield the prosecutor from the
civil consequences of his dastardly act. But in
this effort he will find later on that he Is only
adding fuel to this flame. This floated liber
tine will find that it will take more than the
Rawhide mine to shield him from the effects
of outraged justice, and that while he may
have temporary successes In star chamber
methods, the full glitter of daylight will yet
be thrown In upon his past history and he will
have to come out Into the open and meet the
defendants in a fair and open contest.
I ask, therefore, that these defendants be
discharged from custody, that their bonds be
exonerated and that this court should make an
entry In its docket and judgment that the
prosecution is malicious and without probable
cause.
As a result of the action of the District
Attorney the defendants were arrested
yesterday and landed in jail with bonds
fixed at $5000 each.
UNHINGED BY TROUBLE.
Suicide of Samuel Kornfield, a Re
tired Grocer.
Samuel Komfiold, a retired grocer.com-
I mitted suicide last Thursday night at his
I residence, 248 Twelfth street, by inhaling
the fumes of illuminating gas.
The widow says that she returned home
last Thursday evening about midnight,
escorted by her son. They opened the
door of his room and found him lying
j dead in bed with both gas jets turned on.
So far as the relatives would say there
could have been no motive for the sui
cide.
Yesterday afternoon the son of the dead
man brought to the Coroner's office a
letter written in pencil by the suicide. It
was in Arabic characters in the English
language and the following translation
was furnished by the son:
To the Honorable Coroner of the City and
County of K;in Francisco: It is my duty as a
citizen of the t'nited States to Inform you
| that you shall send somebody to find out my
! trouble for the last two years and publish It
for the benefit of the public, and to show the
public how far a foolish partner brings a per
son. It Is impossible for me to write all my
troubles on Sixth and Folsom all around. My
trouble could be learned off the streets. Re
member the llaine. I was your true citizen.
S. KORNFIELD.
I cannot support my family further and did
not care to support them with disgrace. Amen!
With the namo of Axelrod is the foundation
of my trouble.
Kornfield was a native of Austria, 4S
years old. He leaves two married sons
and two married daughters. An inquest
will be held.
On to Manila!
On to Manila! Pictorial history of the
Volunteer Camp and expedition. No read-
Ing. Magnificent souvenir to preserve or
send it to friends. Sold everywhere. 25c*
A Turn Verein Picnic.
The members of the San Francisco
Turn Verein will hold their annual picnic
in Plittsville Park on the 10th of July and
arrangements have been made for a
most pleasant day's outing. In the early
days of the city" the annual outings of
this organization were the most attract
ive held at the Russ Gardens, at Sixth
and Harrison streets, continuing two
days. Gymnastic exhibitions were the
feature of the celebration. The spirit of
the old days still prevails, but two days'
enjoyment is crowded into one.
Grand Birdseye View.
Camp Merritt, on plate paper, 25x9
inches. Worth framing. With S. F. News
Letter to-day. fv v ' > •
■ ♦ »
Held for Criminal Assault.
The : preliminary examination of ■ Patrick
Shea, an ex-convict, on ; the charge" : of
criminally.' assaulting Eliza Guddicke in
: her mother's residence, was concluded be
fore ' Judge Low yesterday. c- The y Judge
held : him to answer :■■ before 1 the ? Superior
Court; in $3000 bonds. . ;•„..- " . ; , ;;
■" '"'';'' -—————- » «... -' --,-/';-.-_-
Read the thrilling story of : the
bombardment of San Juan by an
English blockade \ runner who ' passed
the American fleet, in next Sunday's
Call. .; . / . , .....
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1 tae * i Sflturdsy s i Ford n
111 1 Liquidation I Dnrn-n jnn I ! Liquidation 1 1
uulu'i I S3 I udlu I |^
I These Specials are but samples of scores f
f of a similar sort offered at >
I EXTRA HEAVY : CUTS IN PRICES TODAY!!
f— — • • •' • . : ■ =■*)
| COLORED DRESS GOODS. Ladies' ' suits, capes and jackets. |
4' ■■— „ ' . $6.50 LADIES> TAN COVERT 5"
? l ftr l case MIXED SCOTCH CAN- llf *• 4>U *° U gg*? gS^ltl? l/^'
IUC VAS DRESS GOODS, reduced VliiCßlti SHk Skirts dnuWr , anC^ 4^
from 250 a yard to 10c a yard. U^llll ■ fouid^i^^ito'Sh I
= <-■ ifesSSSi V $10; will be closed out at $6 50 Ii
t? | C f l case DOUBLE FOLD TAR- •ETT V each. _ 4g>
I -.. V.-.TAN PLAIDS; bright colorings; Underwear $10 - 00 LADIFS' RL A PTC wrpp *
i* sale at a yard. a yard; on U IIUWI 7? Will • $10.00 lined with Silk Serge;' |
«£* sale at 15c a yard. .. -QJ IIII WI-. TT'V ill • lined with Silk Serge;'
«£s. - Skirts double lined and £3^
£' *}(\r 2 cases 41-INCH *• ALL "WOOL — — bound with Velvet; worth
UL FANCY CHECKED SUITING, . $15; will be closed out at *L
%. regular price 50c a yard; on spe- |>K r LADIES 1 MUSLIN $10 each.
Vt ciil salp at ''Of- a v^rri WWW GOWNS, . 4 Empire style, T £2*.
£ Ciai sale at _uc a yara. revers finished with insertion; I ,*• PA LADIES' VELVET CAPPt? >•
. regular price. $1 00; will be placed $0.50 ,^i v , 1 , CAP^ S f9
[V- on sale at 65c. * Ull ' v; richly beaded, empire backs,
£* i inirrVT/in rrmrrc lined with Silk Ribbon and A
£^ TADIFS Km filllVFS Lace Ruching at neck;
L/lillL All! ULV T L J. worth $10; will be closed out -
•*? QA r LADIES' FINE CAMBRIC at tfi f;o parh
J% UUC GOWNS, Empire style, at * °° eacn.
f COr 18 dozen LADIES'. 2-CLASP with"«l O « of e embroide°ry-^^ reluilr OSO MISSES' FLY FRONT ;f
DV)C FRENCH SUEDE.GLOVES in pVice, $1 25; wil? be placed on g Vail V*"°Y JACKETS in mixed Cheviot *
♦i, white only; former price $1; will at 90c. effects, sizes 12, 14 and 16; £*
*? be closed out for 50c a pair. worth $5; will be closed out %*
«£i — _V . - ; • ■ at $2 50, each., .£*.
£$ Oflr 30 dozen LADIES'^2-CLASP 4oC CHEMISES, yoke of lnser- DACirDV AMU IT\TnrT»II7r 1 n j£L
& yUL "ROYALTON" ;K:iD^GLO\TSS, tion and embroidery; regular price. HOMhKI AJND IINDtRWEAR **
4* colors and black; refular price 65c; will be placed on saae at 45c. amr^iii^n ?l **«• . si
£ $125; will be closed out for 90c a ") C n 50 dozen LADIES' POLKA DOT ;£
•^- pair. ' " • . £OL> COMBINATION HOSE in New *§►
• '-' v ;-- ' OK/, children's muslin Patterns, worth $4 dozen; will be s+^
*-' . ' .., y - ZOC DRAWERS, seams all fin- on "Sale 25c pair. tj*
*^" DTDDAWC «■ DTDDIIi\TC S placed regular price, 60c; will be | f\ n 150 dozen LADIES' WHITE s%
•** DIJDDfiVC DIDDAXTC placed on sale at 25c. \ (\r 150 d°zen LADIES' WHITE
-^ KIODUIIJ. IIIDDUIIJ. * UC RIBBED COTTON VESTS, Silk &
£?:■'■/'■ " " trimmed, low neck and sleeve- '^
4* \r\ t AnTTrc paairrtp pot?' ' less '> suitable for summer wear;
£ s r Nos. 5 and 7, ALL SILK, SATIN lOC set • COVERS perfect fit" usual P rice $ 2 50 = wiU be sold for
"f? Ut AND GROS GRAIN RIBBONS, regular price, 25c; will be placed 10c each.
4* , c^ ra ■ q .» a L ltyi - Val ]? e ;1; 1 i )C an f ° n Sale at " '-■ aw 10 ° dozen LADIES' WHITE &>
■ 12% c; will be offered at 5c yard.  43C SUMMER MERINO VESTS,
— ~ high neck and long sleeves and "^
Si. \C\n Nos. 12, 16 and 22, MOIRE AND IC r LADIES' cambric COR- high neck with short sleeves; c*
T? I UL, SATIN RIBBONS, all Silk, '«**' set covers perfect fit; also drawers to match; good "^
value 20c, 25c and 30c; will be L price^^c- wui be p?kced^n value for $9 dozen; will be on A.
I! closed out at 10c yard. Bale at 15c. sale at 45c each. 2
f . — . , , . . , . _ *
* STORE OPEN UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK SATURDAY EVENING. *
[/if,',: Murphy Building, 1 " {/(/ Murphy Building, 1 [/[/ Murphy Building-, J -^
| ffiarlel arid Jones Streets. Malt ani Janes Streets. Marlet and Jones Streets. *
THE HIBEBNIaNS.
They Pledge Their Support to the
Government of the Jnited States.
At the State convention of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians held last evening, M.
G. Sears, county delegate from San Fran
cisco presiding, a communication was re
ceived from the national officers notitying
the convention that the national con
vention of the A. O. H., B. of E.,
will be held on Wednesday next in New
York City.
The convention, on motion of J. J. Keat
ing, exempted from .dues and fines all
members joining the army or navy of the
United States.
The president presented a resolution
congratulating Rear Admiral Dewey for
his victory at Manila, and it was adopted
by a rising vote.
On motion of J. H. Gilmore, the mem
bership aflirmed fealty to the Board of
Erin In the United Kingdom and congrat
ulated the national officers on the stand
they took for holding the convention in
New York.
The convention declared itself in favor
of Cuban independence and pledged its
united efforts to assist the United States
Government in its present struggle.
The following were elected otlicers for
the term: M. G. Sears, president; J. H.
Gilmore, State secretary; James McCurry,
State treasurer; J. J. Keating, San iran
clsco county delegate. The installation of
the officers was followed by addresses and
a collation.
The Manners of Captain March
Of the Astor Battery
by Alice Bix
In Next Sunday's Call.
THE COPTIC HEBE.
She Sighted the Second* Expedition
This Side of Honolulu.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic reached port from
Hongkong, via Yokohama and Honolulu,
last night, and anchored in the stream at
the foot of Powell street. Captain Sealby
reports that some distance this side of
Honolulu a fleet was sighted, which he
took to be the second expedition of troop
ships for Manila, though the distance was
so great that he could not ascertain defi-
The Coptic left Hongkong on the 29th
ult., Yokohama on the 9th inst, and the
run from Honolulu was made in 5 days
24 hours. There are on board the vessel
«ixty-eight cabin and about 200 steerage
passengers. Nothing was seen of the ilrst
fleet of troopships nor «>f the Charleston,
Monterey and Monailnook. It was ex
pected that the remains of Captain Kid
lev would be brought over on the Coptic,
but they were left on the other side.
The Wasp This Week.
As the representative illustrated weekly
of the Pacific Coast the Wasp this week
is more than ordinarily noteworthy.
There is no end seemingly to its enter
prise. First of all. the lowa regiment is
pictured by companies. The crack Astor
Artillery battery is also pictured, and a
number of general camp scenes are also
presented. Captain O'Connell's company
of the First Infantry (regulars), who were
the first troops to land on Cuban soil,
were photographed especially for the
Wasp on the return of the famous Gussie
expedition, and the photograph is pub
lished in this number. T)w« there are pic
tures of celebrities in the theatrical world.
In fact the Wasp is full of pictures. How
ever, the literary features and cartoons
have not been curtailed.
_» ♦ ■
Swedish-Americans Celebrate.
Shell Mound was crowded with merry
makers yesterday, on the occasion of the
Swedish National day celebration, under
the auspices of the Swedish-American I
Patriotic League. Over 200 persons were
present, and the patriotism of those in j
attendance was fully attested by the en- ,
thusiasm shown in American songs, py
rotechnics representing Dewey's victory
and cheers for America. Races, games,
dancing and a bounteous collation made
up the programme, the success of which.,
was largely due to the following commit
tees of the day: Master of ceremonies,
Joseph Okerblad; finance committee — G.
Petterson, Hjalmar Hanson, Charle-3
Danielson; decoration committee— Mrs.
Augusta Ohlson, Miss Augusta Lundin,
Mrs. Selma Nelson. Mrs. Fred Johnson,
Mrs. G. Lindberg. Mrs. A. Johnson, Mr>i.
Otto Sjogren, Mrs. A. Johan.son, Joseph
Okerblad. G. Petterson, C.G. KJellstrom,
K. E. Hanson, Ben Johnson, Axel Pihl
strom; arrangement committee — Messrs.
C. G. Kjellstrom, D. Molander, August
Brundstedt, Alex Olsson, F. O. Sjopren,
C. Petterson; reception commit* ■-■» — Mrs--.
S Hanson, Mrs. H. Roberts, Messrs. A.
Cradin, J. Wigholm, A. Larson, Andre"/
Ol^on, A. Rydlander, P. G. Frisk. A.
Braese; floor manager, F. O. Sjogren;
floor committee — Charles E. Johnson,
Gustave Ollson, Fritz Wahlin, A. Petter
son.
"Saving the Sacramento Valley
From Drought," in next Sunday's
Call.
DEATH OF JOHN BEICHMAN.
Was a Prominent Citizen of Fresno
and Well Known Throughout
the South.
John Reichman, the well-known Insur
ance and real estate man of Fresno, died
yesterday afternoon at the California
Hotel, whore he was stopping with his
wife and daughter. Mr. Reichman has
been an invalid for some time, being af
flicted with paralysis. The cause of his
death was a severe paralytic stroke.
•vlr. Reichman moved to Fresno about
eleven years ago from Houston, Tex.,
where he was prominent as avpolitician
and educator. In Fresno Mr. Reichman
was identified with the Farmers' Bank,
of which he was the cashier until a
year ago. The deceased was an intimate
friend of Rabbi Voorsanger, from whose
house he will be buried. He leaves a
widow and one daughter.
Town Talk.
In summer dullness is the order of the
day, but Town Talk is never dull. This
week's issue contains: "Our Opinion" on
the coming Democratic party platform;
Phil Garlic's clever "Aftermath"; Saunt
erer stories about Delany, Captain Rot
tanzi and others; society news about who
is at the various resorts, etc.; portraits
of Miss Ethel lOer.ey, Mips Giselman,
Miss Newipan, Fred Green. Tim Murphy,
Miss Mahelle Glllman and others; a stor
iette about people we Jill know; a sketch
of a Tivoli singer; graphoiogioal delinea
tions, etc. ■ •
■ » .
BED MEN'S JUBILEE.
The Arrangements That Have Seen
Made for the Grand Parade
on the Fourth.
The committee in charge of the ar
rangements for the celebration of the
Jubilee year of the Improved Order 01
Red Men by* a public parade has almost
completed its labors and it has decided to
have in the Fourth of July parade a di
vision which will be made up as follows:
Marshal and aides; mounted division in In
dian costumes: band; float. League of the Iro
quois: tribes. Manzanita No. 4; Miantomah No.
'J; Pohonachee No. 10; Pocahontaa No. li ; Sutu
yome Ho. 12; visiting membei-s; carriages of
great chiefs and past great sachems; tribes,
Semlnole No. 54; M<yloc No. 57; Winnenuicca
No. 61; Tecumseh No. ',2: Pawnee No. 67; Co
manche No. 79; Ah-Wah-Nee No. 86; float.
The Sons of liberty; band; trilv;;. Oftceola No.
71; White Kngle No. 72; Bald Eag-le No.
75; Arapahoe No. 78: Montezuma No. 77; Osho
nee No. 7S; Altahmos No. 87; Ahwashte No. 98;
float. Princess l'ocahontas: rnrr:apfs for mern
br-rs of I>eKret- of Pocahontsa; rurriag*s of vet
erans and riienil>ers of the onJer.
The tribes named in the order of pro
cession have bean assisted in this work
by the following councils of the Degree
of Pocahomas. the ladies' branch of the
order: Pocahontas, Alfarotte. Monte
zuma. Minnewawa and Yo^emite. repre
sented in the committee by .Mrs. R. K.
Walworth, Miss A. GobeilVe. Mrs. L. J.
Pinkham, Mrs. W. J. Keating and Mrs.
M. Rew.
A PAPER FOB THE PEOPLE !
The Star.
EDITOR— JAMES H- BARRY.
(NOT A DULL LINE).
CONTENTS TO-DAY:
THE WAR OUTLOOK.
LAWYERS ON THE BENCH.
PREACHERS AND SOLDIERS.
ARMY CONTRACTS SWINDLES.
A Foretaste and a Forecast.
A JUDGE MISREPRESENTED.
CONDENSED WAR NEWS OF
THE WEEK.
ASK YOUR NEWSDEALERS FOR
THE STAR.
5 CENTS A COPY. $1.50 PER YEAR.
Business Office— 42 I ,* Montgomery street.
oo 000000000 00 000
IT"? PALACE « P S
%CRAND »mMm g
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
** . i Connected by a covered passageway. _
° 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. ~
O . ■ All ■ Under One Management. O
© J«OTK THE PRICES: O
rt European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward -»
** American Plan. s."l.oo per day and upward
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN C. KIRKPATBICK, Manager. .' , Q
O QQ OO OOOO OOOOCOOOO
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
„A; T ,,, -. -fon set «f tec& ::tfidia? free JS.K if
<y^mt^C **& - 25fci '
s^#^%vaw : VRoomr'-v
!K»! K» Electro Dental Parlors
'^'M' ll>\ SSXTH AND MARKET
' -\O W X 0. W.KLEISER. D. D. 3. '
.-p^a We Rent all Makes. Few partly
J&SS^* :.': .' used for Sale cheap. Send for
lsis2Srl Samples and Prices.
MJ%f*?v L. &M. ALEXANDER
4i^^^ Ag^ts SMITH PREMIER i
7~~Tr^-1 tO MONTGOMERY ST., S.F., CAL 1
"drmcnultyT
■T Bpeeialtetciire* i'rlvate,Xervous,H!oo(ia.,.: Skin
X Spetlullst ciwm l»rlvate.Nervous,Biood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore.!. Over
™V^, iT Perie ! £ - Send for Book, free. i'»tiems
h f^-?."i,^ T r ra) 3 reasonablo. Hours. 9 to 3
Ho. iT; f >: ; *t08.30r-7irs. Sundays, 10 to 12. O.nsulta-
clou free and contldentla'. Can or address
■/,•:• y : : iP EtOSt'OK M«r«SJI/TT. Iff . 1».- "•. -
26 l X KEARNY : STREET, \ BAN - FRANCISCO,: CAL
.^^?\D^EX STRONG &CCi^gjii^ : "
..K ?PAT£NTsf 3
yareygpMa— M., t . TlUlt y^ rti f, if
■^^^QiyiARKETSLS.rvS«S^