VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 143.
DO THE PEOPLE OF SAN FRANCISCO
WANT BARCLAY HENLEY, AN ALIEN OF
MEXICO, FOR THEIR DISTRICT ATTORNEY?
Is Barclay Henley a citizen of the United States or is he an alien who has no country and who has renounced alle
giance to the land that gave him birth ? In 1864, fearing arrest at the hands of the Federal authorities, he went to Mexico,
which country was then under the rule of Emperor Maximilian, where he renounced allegiance to the Government of the
United States and became a naturalized citizen of Mexico. He has never renounced his Mexican citizenship and has never
legally announced his intention of again becoming a citizen of the United States. He is now a candidate for the office of
District Attorney of the City and County of San Francisco on the Democratic ticket, having been nominated for that position
by Mayor Phelan's self-appointed convention of one hundred job-chasers.
IN 1864 Barclay Henley, the Demo
cratic candidate for District Attor
ney, left California and went to
Mexico, -where he renounced his
American citizenship and took the
oath of allegiance to the Government of
that country. That small portion of the
voters of thia city who intend to cast
their votes for Mr. Henley would now
like to know whether they are expected
to vote for an alien, a citizen of Mexico,
or a citizen of the United States.
The question concerning Mr. Henley's
citizenship has been asked before, but
during the years that have pas^-d since
the query was put no satisfactory an
fwer has been given an expectant pub-
Jic. Now that Mayor Phelan and the
Kxamirver, twin models of purity, have
vouched for the high purposes and per
sonal worth of their candidate for Dis
trict Attorney, it may be well to give
to the public such official data as can
at this moment be obtained concerning
Mr. Henley's citizenship, so that every
one will have an opportunity to form a
Judgment from a contemplation of the
facts.
During the progress of the Civil War
Henley's open declaration concerning
his sympathy with the Confederacy
brought him to the attention of the
civil and military authorities of this
State. Before these officials could take
any authoritative action concerning the
matter Henley went to Mexico. Ar
rived there, he addressed the following
petition, the original of which is still
on file in the official archives at the
City of Mexico, to Emperor Maximilian,
then th«« r-j'ing soven-'grn of Mexico:
PETITION.
The undersigned, Barclay Henley,
a native of Charleston, Indiana,
United States of America, has the
honor of very respectfully stating to
your imperial Majesty that, having
come here with the idea of immigrat
ing from his native country and
bringing his family and his fortune,
he has become convinced that, under
the auspices of the new government
Mexico is the country of America
that offers the greatest advantages
and most guarantees to an snterpris
ing and hard-working colonist. But
the undersigned having all of his
property in California is under the
necessity of returning there in order
to bring his family and to turn into
cash his movable and immovable
property, and then, owing to the
strong animosities which have been
occasioned by the civil war between
the partisans of the North and those
of the South, he fears that on ac
count of his Southern opinions that,
as an American citizen, he will meet,
on the part of the authorities of Cali
fornia, with more or less obstacles to
his immigration, which his character
as a Mexican subject will place him
beyond their precautions.
The undersigned, therefore, takes
the liberty of very respectfully solic
iting from your imperial Majesty to
grant him naturalization papers by
virtue of the power vested in your
Majesty, and as you have deigned
to do with other foreigners.
Hoping that this petition will be
favorably received the undersigned
has the honor, sire, of remaining,
with the most profound respect, your
imperial Majesty's very humble and
most obedient servant,
(Signed) BARCLAY HENLEY,
Iturbide Hotel, Room 43.
To the Emperor.
Attached to the petition Is the follow
ing certificate:
"We, the undersigned, are acquainted
with Mr. Barclay Henley, an American
citizen, and know that he conducts him
self well and lives honestly, and for the
uses which may be necessary, we sign
this paper in Mexico on tho 24th of De
cember, 1864 (Signed.)
"MARIANO DEGAL.L.ODA,
"W. BENFIELD;
"FRANCISCO MULLJNS.
"Let it be issued. December 24, 1864."
The Minister of State and Foreign
Affairs returned Mr. Henley's petition
with the following indorsement:
"Mr. Barclay Henley, whose petition to
H. M. your Excellency is pleased to
transmit to me, marked with the number
2337, must be presented himself to the
Ministry in order to fill the requisites of
the law now in force relating to naturali
zation papers."
That he did comply with the requi
sites of the law is shown by the fol
lowing: , .
MEXICO, December 24. 1864.
I ninclope herewith to your Excellency,
the paper* which H. M. the Emperor has
been pleased to errant in favor of Mr
Barclay Henley, so that you may deliver !
them to said gentleman when he calls
for them at your office, if the said party
has already called and left his address
your Excellency may please forward to i
him the said documents wherever he may !
be: but if he has not given his address,
you will forward the same to the Political
Prefect of San Bias, where the Interested
party Is to go."
Mr. Henley, having left the City of
Mexico before ■ receiving his natural!
The San Francisco Call
zation papers, they were forwarded In
due course as directed, as wfli appear
from an official letter to the General
Secretary of the Superior Political Pre-
Kture of the Mexican Empire from
military commander of San Bias,
dated January 18, 1865, which reads as
follows:
"With your Excellency's official note of
the 6th, I have received the naturaliza
tion papers which his Majesty has been
pleased to issue In fa%"or of Mr. Barclay
Henley, who left for Mazatlan on the 9th
inst. on board the English steamer Ze
nith, and I shall forward said document
by the mall steamer Alirante, which sails
from this port on the 22d inst., to the Su
perior Prefect of said port, who shall ob
tain corresponding: receipt to be transmit
ted to your Excellency in due time
"Certified to by Mariano Romero, Su
perior Political Prefect, District of
Guanajuato."
Having received his naturalization
papers, and feeling that as a citizen of
Mexico he had nothing to fear from the
civil and military authorities of Cali
fornia, Mr. Henley returned to this
State. His arrival here, however, was
quickly noted, and the following letter
was addressed to him by Provost Mar
shal General John F. Mason:
Office A. A. Provost Marshal General of
California and Nevada Ter., San
Francisco, Cal.. February 7, 1865.
Mr. Barclay Henley— Sir: It is reported
that you are here as an agent or repre
sentative in some form of Dr. \Vm. M.
Gwin, formerly U. S. Senator from this
State. Major General McDowell requests
me to ask you If this Is so, or if it is not
true. 1 have the honor to be, very re
spectfully, your obedient servant.
J. F. MASON,
Brig. Gen. Vols. and A. A. P. M. G. Cal.
and Nevada.
Official: JOHN GREEN, Capt. and A.
A. Gen.
War Department, June 22, 1865.
(Certified.)
A true copy, JOHN TWEED ALE, Chief
Clerk.
To this Mr. Henley made the follow
ing reply, being careful, as will be
noted, to announce his Mexican citizen
ship and claim the protection , due a
subject of a foreign power:
S. F., Cal., Feb. 7, 1865.
John F. Mason, A. A. Provost Marshal
General — General: In response to your
communication hearing the date of the
6th inst., inquiring of me whether I am
or am not "an agent or representati\'e in
some form of Dr. Wrn. M. Gwin, formerly
U. S. Senator from this State," I have the
honor to state briefly my true position in
reference thereto:
Some months ago I was employed by
some gentlemen (whose names will be
given upon request) to proceed to the
City of Mexico for the purpose of obtain
ing from the government a grant of land
somewhere in Northern Mexico, with a
view of engaging in the cultivation of
cotton, tobacco, etc. On my arrival In
conformity with my Instructions, I sub
mitted the papers and buslneas generally
to Mr. Gwin, by whose opinion I had been
previously told to be governed, it having
been understood that he (Gwin) would be
found in this city.
Mr. Gwin promptly informed me that
a grant of land of this character could
not be obtained and it would be useless
for me to apply for it, saying, however,
that small grants of land, in the shape
of pre-emption claims, somewhat like the
American pre-emption plan of gfving land
to actual settlers, could be obtained.
Mr. Gwin, in conjunction with the Mar
quis de Montholon, the French Embassa
dor in Mexico, also gave me some other
Prtrmation in relation to the contem
ted French occupation of Northern
xico, assuring me of French protee
n and giving promise of permanent
rerament In that country.
These assurances, together -with
the natural inducements held out by
the country, induced me to take up
|my abode there, in pursuance of
which I applied to the Mexican Gov
ernment for letters of naturalization,
which were duly issued to me, the
evidence of which fact is now in the
hands of the French Consul of this
city, to whom you are hereby re
ferred.
In justice to the gentlemen who Rent
me to Mexico, and in order that they
might be placed in full possession of the
facts, ana also to arrange and close up
my own private affairs, 1 re-turned to Cal
ifornia and have made my report to these
gentlemen.
I see no reason why I should not re
mark here, as is due to candor, that I am
the friend personally of Mr. Owin. a
friendship which I have renson to be
lieve is reciprocated, and I would not hps
itate to aid him in any honorable, lawful
and legitimate enterprise in which he
may be engaged. These being our rela
tions on leaving Mexico, Mr. Owin re
quested of me that while on my visit to
i this country and engaged in the f;f-ule
ment of my own business affairs, I would
furnish to those desiring it such informa
tion in reference to the French occupa
tion of Northern Mexico as 1 had from
intercourse with himself and M. Montho
lon possessed myself of, and in this con
nection I have sometimes said, and per
haps writtton, that I was sent here by
Dr. Gwin, intending thereby only to con
vey the idea that whatever information
I gave was obtained from sources en
titling it to credit— that Is to say, from
himself or the French Minister.
As before remarked, I came here from
Mexico to settle up my private affairs,
preparatory to leaving, and Incidentally
nave, upon all proper occasion, endeav
ored to give all who come to see me or
hay« written me such information In ref
erence to the soil, climate, commercial
advantages, government, etc., as the data
with which I have been provided wir w >
able me to do. The business that brou^at
me here is about concluded, and 1 shall
be ready to return by the next steamer.
I have not come here to engage myself In
anything improper, unlawful or Inimical
In any degree to this Government. I have
had and nave now no secrets and am
ready at all times and have been to tell
the military authorities of this coast
everything that I know in reference to
the matters or reports that I presume
provoked your communication of yester
day. I have the honor, general, to be
very respectfully your obedient servant,
BARCLAY HENLEY.
This letter Is now a part of the official
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
BARCLAY HENLEY, THE EXAMINER'S "SWORD OF DAMOCLES," BOWS TO MAXIMILIAN I.
records In the office of the Secretary of
War at Washington, D. C.
It may be that Mr. Henley will claim
that by the provisions of the treaty of
1868 between the United States and
Mexico he was absolved from his alle
giance to Mexico. The treaty reads:
"Article IV. If a citizen of the United
States naturalized in Mexico renews his
resklenceshlp in the United State* without
Intent to return to Mexico he Bhall be
held to have renounced his naturalization
in Mexico. Reciprocally, if a citizen of
Mexico naturalized in the United States
renews hlB residence in Mexico without
intent to return to the United States he
shall have renounced his naturalization
ship in the UnlU-d States. The Intent not
to return may be held to exist when the
person naturalized in one country resides
in the other country more than two years,
but this presumption may be rebutted by
evidence to the contrary."
In the same year a treaty waa nego
tiated between the United States and
Bavaria. Because of some doubt as to
the meaning of th* terms, the follow
ing protocol was added:
The citizen naturalized abroad
must first apply to be received back
into his original country in the man
ner prescribed by its laws and regu
lations, and must acquire citizenship
anew, exactly as any other alien.
Mr. Henk/ Is not a naturalized citi
zen of the United States.
The decision "sT the Supreme Court in
1821 in the case of Captain Clayton, an
American citizen who had taken the
oath of allegiance to a revolutionary
government at Buenos . Ayrea, Chief
Justice Marshall said:
The individual who divests him
self of the obligation of a citizen
loses the rights which are connected
with those obligations. He becomes
an alien. His lands, if he has any,
are escheatable. He cannot recover
those rights by residence, but must
go through the process which the law
prescribes for the naturalization of
an alien.
This being so. It would appear to the
lay mind that Mr. Henley is not now a
citizen of the United States, and that he
has no right to vote or hold office or to
enjoy any of the rights and liberties
that are the exclusive privileges of the
subjects of this free country.
The following from the News Letter
of August 15, 1885, referring to the sub
ject of Mr. Henley's citizenship, may
not prove uninteresting:
He was known to be unpopular
with his neighbors and for very ob
vious reasons. He was unneighborly,
a land-gTabber, a fllcher of Indian
soil, a trafficker in the spoils that
are always to be found around "poor
Lo's" reservation, on the border of
which he lived; an aider and abettor
of Maximilian's ill-starred effort to
throttle republican liberty over a
large section of this continent dedi
cated to the Monroe doctrine; a dis
gruntled, unappeased and disloyal
American who has never been recon
structed and has never accepted the
inevitably but is secretly to-day as
much an imperialist as when he fled
to Mexico sympathizing with Maxi-
The undersigned, Barclay Henley, a native of Charleston, In
diana, United States of America, has the honor of very respectfully
stating to your imperial Majesty that having come here with the idea
of immigrating from his native land and of bringing his family and
his fortune, he has become convinced that, under the auspices of
the new Government, Mexico is the country of America that offers
the greatest advantages and most guarantee to an enterprising and
hard-working colonist. But the undersigned, having all of his prop- \
erty in California, is under the necessity of returning there in order
to bring his family and to turn into cash his movable and immovable
property, and then owing to the strong animosities which have been
occasioned by the civil war between the partisans of the North and
of the South, he fears on account of his Southern opinions that,
as an American citizen, he will meet, on the part of the authorities
of California, with more or less obstacles to his immigration which
his character as a Mexican subject would place him beyond their
precautions.
The undersigned therefore takes the liberty of very respectfully
soliciting from your imperial Majesty to grant him naturalization
papers by virtue of the power vested in you and as you have de
signed to do for other foreigners.
Hoping that this petition will be favorably received the under
signed has the honor, sire, of remaining, with the most profound
respect, your imperial Majesty's very humble and most obedient
servant. BARCLAY HEHLEY.
I milian's usurpation, eschewed the
broad aegis of American freedom,
forsook his Americanship and grov
eled in the dirt and begged and be
' seeched to be allowed the poor priv
ilege of wearing the servile livery of
the direst and darkest monarchy that
foreign coin and mercenary arms
have ever attempted to foist upon any
portion of the free soil of this liberty
loving continent. Such was and is
Barclay Henley.
And this is the man that the Exam
iner refers to as the "Sword of
Damocles"— the man whose candidacy
is "bringing fear to the heart of every
wrongdoer" within the confines of the
city of San Francisco. This "sword of
Damocles" is the same man who fled
to Mexico during the hour of his na
tion's peril; who swore allegiance to
I foreign power in order to escape ar
st upon his return to his own coun
r; who i-as never renounced his al
fi'ance to that foreign power, al-
DUgh he has for years been enjoying
; fruits of the llbery that was bought
the blood of the heroes whom he de-
Ised and reviled; who has sought
d is seeking office at the hands of
izens whose claim to citizenship is
clear as their love for their country
It may be that the good Republicans
and good Democrats of this city who
have watched the brave boys of the
gallant First California Volunteers
march away to fight a foreign foe wfll
vote for this man who fled across the
border when men were needed to fight
the nation's battles. Perhaps the Grand
Army veterans whose empty sleeves
and bent forms testify to the part they
took in the struggle to maintain the na
tion's integrity will vote for Mr.
Henley.
This is the man Mayor Phelan has se
lected to administer the laws of the
loyal State of California to the good cit
izens of San Francisco. The choice Is
worthy of the man who marie it.
The A. B. Treadwell Club.
There was a large and enthusiastic
meeting held at Scottish Hall last night
on the occasion of the first meeting of the
Western Addition A. B. Treadwell Club.
Thomas Coleman, president of the club,
introduced Judge William Caldwell as
chairman of the meeting.
After a review of the achievements of
the Republican party In the recent troub
lous times, Judge Caldwell introduced
County Clerk Curry as the first speaker
of the evening.
Mr. Curry explained that he was not
present to further his interests as candi
date for Secretary of State but to let the
people of the city know that he wanted
A. B. Treadwell upon the Police bench.
He made some very pointed remarks
about a man who, while occupying a high
position, tore up tracks in order that cor
porations might not have to pay for pav
ing streets.
A. B. Treadwell, the nominee for Police
Judge and the guest of the evening, was
the next speaker. He thanked his friends
for the demonstration in his behalf and
pledged himself, if elected, to temper
judgment with mercy. He also paid a
high compliment to the rest of the nomi
nees on the local Republican ticket.
The Treadwell quartet, composed of
Miss Annie Jensen, May Griffin, Charles
Franklin and John McHaughton, ren
dered a very catchy ditty. Maguire
Strikes the Salt," after which E. M
Sweeney, Hon. Leon Jones, James Nealon
and Colonel John Roberts delivered patri
otic addresses.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HENRY T, GAGE
IS WELCOMED
EVERYWHERE
Nevada County Greets
Standard-Bearer.
ROUSING MEETINGS HELD
MANY FRIENDS GAINED BY THB
REPUBLICAN STALWARTS.
The Coming Governor Is Aided by
Mr. Neff and General Barnes
in His Campaign of Truth,
and Victory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, Oct. 20.— When Henry
T. Gage, Jacob H. Neff and General W.
H. L. Barnes sought their respective
rooms at Auburji last night for a few
hours' rest the cheering Republicans
continued the great Placer County
demonstration. While waiting for out
going trains the bands played and the
young people danced on the platform
at the Freeman Hotel.
At daylight this morning the Repub
lican standard-bearer, accompanied by
Mr. Neff and General Barnes, boarded
the train for Colfax, connecting there
with the narrow-gauge train for Grass
Valley and Nevada City. In anticipa
tion of the early arrival of the distin
guished party a large throng of citi
zens assembled at the Nevada City
depot. Among those to greet the stand
ard-bearer were Sherman Marsh (chair
man of the Republican Committee), B.
N. Shoecraft, Frank Wadsworth, D. E.
Morgan, J. C. Dean and Henry Lane.
The speakers were escorted to the Na
tional Exchange Hotel, where they met
many of the people of Nevada County.
In honor of the arrival of Mr. Gage a
Governor's salute of seventeen guns
was fired.
The daylight meeting in the theater
of Nevada City this afternoon was an-
other remarkable demonstration, match
ing in point of public interest and Re
publican enthusiasm the great daylight
rallies which rendered the towns of the
San Joaquin Valley so memorable. The
spacious theater was crowded to its ut
most capacity at 2 p. m., the hour ap
pointed for the speaking.
A procession was formed at the hotel,
and, headed by Goyne's band, the col
umn of cheering Republicans marched
to the meeting place. The vast audi
ence was called to order by Sherman
Marsh, who introduced ex-Senator E.
M. Preston as the presiding officer of
the occasion. Mr. Marsh named the
following vice presidents: M. I* Marah,
Charles E. Mulloy, N. P. Brown, W. T.
Monk, Thomas Daniels, W. E. Meser
vey, R. C. Walrath, David Richards,
Dr. R. M. Hunt, J. S. Gregory, Richard
Plummer, Rev. J. Sims, P. G. Scadden,
L J. Rolfe, J. S. Mcßride, Joseph O'Con
nell, Fred Zeitler, J. C. Rich, F. L.
Cooper, Ed J. Baker, Charles Guenther,
J. C. Dean, J. S. Goodwin, A. Folene,
J. M. Buffington, B. N. Shoecraft, D.
E. Morgan, E. A. Tompkins, H. K.
Shockiey, A. Tarn, J. J. Hanley, John
Evans, A. B. Wolf, B. F. Snell, Judge
Walling, George Nihill, John Waiters,
John T. Reddenick, John Caldwell,
Judge F. S. Nilon and A. C. Cooper.
Mr. Preston, in accepting ..he duties
of presiding officer, made a brief speech,
in which he mentioned a political speech
recently made by Governor Budd in
San Francisco in which the Governor
said: "We are now lined up against
the common enemy." Mr. Preston
asked: "To whom does the Governor
refer when he speaks of the common
enemy? The Republican acknowledges
no enemy but the enemies of our flag
and the enemies of prosperity. The Re
publican party has no uncompromising
way of dealing with its enemies, as we
will again demonstrate on the Bth of
November." (Great cheers.)
Jacob Neff, Republican nominee for
Lieutenant Governor, was the first
speaker introduced. He received a tre
mendous ovation from the audience. In
a few words he thanked the people for
the cordial greeting. As at Auburn
last night he resented the attacks of
Maguire on the integrity and intem
gence of the Republican State conven
tion. He predicted a triumph for the
Republican party and assured the peo
ple that an honest administration of2
State affairs would be one of the re
sults of the victory. (Prolonged ap
plause.)
A double quartet entertained the au
dience. The president introduced Henry
T. Gage. The greeting accorded to the
popular standard-bearer was remark
able for its enthusiasm. The audience
arose and cheered repeatedly. Mr. Gage
spoke for nearly an hour, exposing the
weakness of the fusion candidate's pu
sition on the railroad question. \lhe
Congressional Record was produced to
make the point clear that JNiaguin- w;is
trying to fool the people. The single
tax scheme was handled in effective
style. Maguire's non-American atti
tude in Congress was shown. An elc^
quent tribute was paid to the adminis
tration of President McKinley. In the
mountains, as in the valleys, the peo
ple hail the mention of McKinley's
name with ringing cheers.
When General Barnes was introduced
the people expressed their delight in j
rousing cheers for the eloquent expo- j
nent of Republican principles. The ar
dor of the assembled citizens increased
with each succeeding oratorical night ;
of the speaker. >iut much attention j
•was given to Maguire, as Mr. Gage had
turned the searchlight on the rec
ord of the office-holding giant. General
Barnes remarked that Maguire was po- j
litically dead, but the remains might |
be on exhibition for a few days longer, i
The general spo-ke in his happiest man- j
ncr and occasionally turned aside from (
the profound consideration of national
and State questions to treat of the
cranky isms of the single tax leader.
There were .many miners present and i
the discourse afforded them pleasure
and instruction. The Bailies at the ex
pense of the single taxers and their
apostle evc-ked peals of laughter. The
Splendid assemblage, representing the |
best citizens of Nevada County, was j
moved to admiration by the eloquent
tributes to American institutions, Amer- j
lean valor and American achievements. |
It was almost dark when the meeting
adjourned with mighty cheers for Gage
and Xeff and renewed cheering for Gen
ml Barnes and cheers for the whole \
Republican ticket.
Nevada County is in line and will ren
der a splendid majority for Gage and !
Neff on November S.
GREAT ENTHUSIASM
AT GRASS VALLEY
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 20.— Henry T.
Gage, Jacob Neff and General W. H. L.
Barnes, accompanied by Mr. Shoecraft i
of Nevada City, arrived In Grass Val- ;
ley at 6 o'clock. Owing to the prolon
gation of the meeting at Nevada City i
there was some lack of system in the :
reception here of the distinguished |
party. At the Holbrook Hotel C EL \
Clinch of the State Central Committee •
in company with other citizens greeted
the nominees, and escorted tncin to a j
large tent where the meeting took !
place. Music was rendered by the
Grass Valley band. There was a fine
turnout of marching Republicans, and j
a brilliant display of fireworks in honor j
of the event. The streets were lined |
with cheering spectators.
Mill street, on the line of the parade,
"was gorgeously illuminated, and thou
sands of people from Grass Valley and I
surrounding precincts viewed the pro
cession. Three thousand people assem
bled at the big tent where the speakers
addressed the multitude. W. J. Milch- j
ell, chairman of the Republican County ;
Central Committee, called the meeting i
to order, and designated Dr. E. Jamie- i
800 as the presiding officer. Campaign
songs, were sung by the Grass Valley
quartet.
The following vi_e-presidents were
announced: William George. Benjamin
Opie. Daniel Coffin, C. E. Uren. F. J.
Thomas, Henry Daniels, C. E. Clinch,
W. J. Mitchell, D. E. Matteson, M. M. !
Hitchell, A. J. Hoskiner. James Me- j
Laughlin. Jusiah Hosking. William
Bray, William G. Lord, W. If. Treloar.
Thomas Othet, Thomas Ingram, Wil
liam S. Robinson, Samuel Dille. A. Hall.
John Latham, R. Curtis Sr.. J. M.
Campbell. H. L. Body, T. H. Wilhelm.
Charles Stocks, D. B. Marwick. J. P.
Shoemaker, W. H. Morgan, William
Campbell.
Jacob Neff was the first speaker in
troduced. He was received with enthu
siastic cheers, and made an acceptable
speech.
The standard-bearer, Henry T. Gage,
received an ovation when he was pre
sented to the vast audience He spoke
for an hour, holding the profound at- j
tention of the people, and securing j
many demonstrations of approval.
General Barnes received from the au
dience a manifestation of welcome
equal to that which the people accorded |
to the nominees. His address, as usual. ]
was eloquent and convincing. He held j
the vast audience for nearly two hours. !
In the course of his speech, and in re
ply to an inquiry from some one in the
audience, he gave it as his Judgment
that M. H. de Young never could
be chosen United States Senator.
To-night Nevada County Republicans
are predicting a sweeping Republican
triumph. The standard-bearer has
gained hosts of friends since the tour
of the mountain counties began. To
morrow he will return to the Sacra
mento Valley and speak at Woodland
to-morrow night.
SFXMA REPUBLICAN RALLY.
Spirited Addresses Evoke the Great-
est Enthusiasm.
BELMA, Oct. 20.— The Republicans held
a rousing meeting here last night, which
was addressed by J. C. Needham. Repub
lican nominee for Congress in this district,
and by Major Kyle and A. M. Drew. The
speakers were greeted with enthusiasm,
and storms of applause followed every
well-made point. Mr. Needham clearly
mated his position on the railroad ques
tion, claimed by the fusioniets as the only
Issue, and satisfied his hearers that he
was right on that issue, as well as the
tariff, which cannot altogether cease to
interest as long as we are threatened with
a representative in Congress who believes
It "robbery." Mr. Needhajn made many
friends by his statesmanlike handling of
the questions considered.
Major Kyle handled the fusion principle
in politics without gloves, and kept the
house in a roar by the ridiculous attitude
In which he placed the particolored party,
which, by the action of its leaders, ac
knowledges that the principles of neither
faction are of a nature to win adherents.
Makes a Correction.
San Francisco. Oct. 20, 1898.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I was
called upon by one of your reporters yes
terday and Interviewed regarding the po
sition taken by the Merchants' Associa
tion in indorsing Mayor Pnelan for re
election. An account of this interview
appeared in to-day's edition of The Call,
which differed very materially from my
statements to your reporter. I desire to
correct this account and to say that I
made no disparaging remarks about May
or Phelan or his friends, and that I sim
ply stated that the Merchants' Associa
tion were not in polities and therefore I
thought would not indorse Mayor Phelan
or any other candidates. Respectfully,
C. N. McCONNELL
Cashier Sherwood & Sherwood.
Coloreu Citizens' League.
The Colored Citizens' Equal Rights
League met Wednesday evening at 765
Market street. Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy
will receive the indorsement of the league
for District Attorney.
Lafayette Day Exercises.
Lafayette day was celebrated at Pre-
Bentation Convent, on Powell street, yes
terday afternoon under the auspices of
the N. Nagle Debating Circle. The fol
lowing programme was rendered: Ad
dress, Miss A. Taylor; piano selections,
Miss K. Meade; vocal chorus, selected;
cornet and piano selections, Misses K.
C#shin and N. Hayes; recitation, Miss M.
Benker; piano selections, Miss H. Lynch;
mandolin and guitar selections. Misses M.
Gardella and M. Benker; national airs,
mandolin, guitar, cornet and piano,
Misses M. Cardella, M. Benker. K. Cashin
and N. Hayes; piano solo, Miss K. Cashin.
STUDENTS TO
GIVE WELCOME
TO H. T. GAGE
Great Demonstration
at Woodward's.
ORATORY, SONG AND CHEERS
BERKELEY AND STANFORD UN
DERGRADUATES JOIN HANDS.
Arrangements Made for the Holding
of Several Big Meetings in
the Interest of Republi
can Candidates.
The students of the two greatest edu
cational institutions on the Pacific Coast,
Berkeley and Stanford Universities, have
perfected arrangements with the Repub
lican State Central Committee for their
mammoth reception to Henry T. Gage at
Woodward's Pavilion on the evening of
Saturday, October 29. This will be by
far the greatest demonstration of the
campaign and will be an Impressive ob
ject lesson to the voters of the State on
the thoroughness of the mental training
of the young men at these two universi
ties, for each will be represented by ora
tors selected from the student body as
fully equipped to debate the political is
sues of the day as the veteran campaign
ers of the party.
The joint committees from Berkeley
and Stanford having charge of the re
ception met at the State committee's
headquarters yesterday and held a long
conference with Major Frank McLaugh-
Un and other members of the State or
ganization regarding the details. The
programme for the evening was arranged,
with one or two minor exceptions.
There will be no organized parade to
the pavilion, owing to the uncertainty of
the weather so late in the season, but the
students have more than made up for the
lack of skyrockets and red fire by the
excellence of the exercises within the big
Btructure.
Professor C. A. Duniway of Stanford
will deliver the address of welcome and
introduce the president of the evening-,
who will be some member of the Univer
sity of California alumni to be decided
upon in a day or two. The Stanford
quartet will render a prize campaign
song-, after which orations of ten minutes'
duration will be delivered by C. C. Reeth,
class of '00. University of California, and
Mr. Chandler, class of '99, Stanford Uni
versity.
The Gage Club of Berkeley will sing its
piize campaign songs, to be followed by
short addresses by R. C. Daniels, "99, j
University of California, and S. G. Baily.
'99. Stanford. Then the Stanford quartet !
will entertain the assemblage with more
songs, after which General W- H. L.
Barnes will deliver the oration of the
evening. The double quartet of the two
universities will follow General Barnes,
and the presentation of Mr. Gage and a
short speech by that gentleman will con
clude the exercises.
Of course both collages •will be repre
sented in the audience -by bigsdelegatlons,
who will lay aside their natural rivalry
and fraternize during the evening, and
the boys will come loaded with class, col
lege and campaign yells, each delegation
striving to outdo the other in the matter
of noise and enthusiasm.
Monday evening, October 31, there will
be another big demonstration at Wpod
ward's Pavilion, when Webster Davis,
the celebrated Eastern orator will speak
in behalf of the Republican nominees.
Other meetings arranged are as follows:
To-morrow night Messrs. McKinlay, Pat
ton and Kahn will address a meeting at
Scottish Hall, Larkin and Hayes streets;
another meeting at Fairmount Hall, Chen
ery and Miguel streets, will be addressed
by Messrs. Patton, H. L. Murphy and W.
M. Allen; a third, under tne auspices of
the Austro-Slavonic Republican Lreague,
at Apollo Hall, 810 Pacific street, will be
addressed by Messrs. Kahn, Patton and
Murphy. Tuesday evening of next week
Judson Brusie of Sacramento and Colonel
Eddy will speak in B'nalß'rlth Hall, and
on Wednesday E. F. Preston will address
a meeting in Odd Fellows' Hall.
Gage's programme for next week is as
follows: Monday, Red Bluff; Tuesday,
Oroville; Wednesday, Vallejo; Thursday,
Veterans' Home, lone: Friday, Petaluma
and Santa Rosa; October 31, Santa Rosa;
November 1, San Jose.
Senator Perkins is billed as follows:
October 25. Orovil'.e; October 27, lone; Oc
tober 31, Ontario and Pomona; November
1, San Bernardino; November 2, Los An
feles; November 3, Escondldo; November
, Oakland.
ORATOR FROM THE SOUTH.
J. Wade McDonald of San Diego, a
Former Democrat, to Address
Republicans To-Night.
To-night at Odd Fellows' Hall, one of
the most important meetings of the. cam
paign will be held, when Judge J. Wade
McDonald, the famous orator of San Di
ego, will tell the voters of San Francisco
why he has forsaken past political affili
ations and declared for Gage and Repub
licanism.
Judge McDonald is one of the most
prominent members of the bar in the
southern part of the State, and has long
been regarded as a power in Democratic
councils in that section. Only two years
ago he began a campaign tour in behalf
of W. J. Bryan, but was forced to aban
don it owing to ill-health. But Judge Mc-
Donald believes the Democratic party of
the past is dead; that as a national organ
ization it no longer exists, and Instead,
the Republican party now stands for true
Americanism and all that it implies.
Judge McDonald has had an eventful
career. When less than 16 years of ago
he entered the Union army and served
until disabled by wounds from which he
has never recovered. After the war he
settled in Alabama, where he studied
law and was admitted to the bar. He
was a stanch reconstruction!*! and, con
sequently, a Republican, but after Grant's
election in 1868, believing the laws enact
ed for that purpose were unwise, he
joined the Democracy, remaining with
that party until now.
Judge McDonald removed to Kansas
from Alabama, where he was as active in
politics as a Democrat could be In that
overwhelmingly Republican State before
the Populist craze temporarily bereft the
people of their sound judgment. Ten
years ago he came to California, locating
in San Diego, where he has remained
ever since.
Judge McDonald claims the honor of
being the first to publicly r. Ivocate the
policy of extension which the adminis
tration is now carrying out, and it is
this policy that has brought him back to
the Republican ranks. On May 80, last,
he delivered the Memorial day oration for
the Grand Army at San Diego, in which
he advocated the annexation of Porto
Rico, Hawaii, the Ladrones, Carolines
and Philippines.
In his speech Judge McDonald will deal
mainly with national affairs, and endeav
or to show his hearers that the present
election is primarily an indorsement or
condemnation of the McKlnley adminis
tration's course in the war with Spain.
Alice Rix Writes About the King
of the Sleuths, in next Sunday's Call.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 189 ft.
Some Things That Happened at Teutonia Hall.
MAGUIRE OPENS
HIS CAMPAIGN
IN THIS CITY
Addresses Meetings
in Three Districts.
DEMOCRATS SNUB THE MAYOR
DECLINE TO WAIT FOR MR.
PHELAN'S ARRIVAL.
The Mayor Poses as the Working
man's Friend — Joseph P. Kelly
X^lls of the Decline of
the Democracy.
The Democrats of the Thirty-first Dis
trict held a big demonstration at Teutonic
Hall, on Howard street, near Tenth, last
night. The place was literally packed, for
the Thirty-first is regarded as one of the
Democratic strongholds of the city, and
the crowd gave Judge Magntre, Mr. Hut
chison and the other State, district and
municipal nominees who addressed them
a moist flattering reception. But the
crowd also gave Mayor James D. Phelan
the cut direct, for they refused to wait for
him to get around from another meeting
to address them.
The meeting was the most important
one of five district gatherings arranged
by the State Central Committee for the
evening, at which the leading men of the
party were announced to speak. D. D.
Louney presided, and among the vice
presidents who occupied seats on the
stage were: T. E. Treacy, William Mo-
Laughlin. Charles Asmussen, T. Clancy,
Owen Casey, George Maloney, C. J. Gal
lagher and F. A. Quinn. A number of
ladies were present, and a band added to
the enthusiasm.
Judge Maguire was introduced as the
first speaker, and was greeted with a
storm of applause. He said he had a feel
ing of deep affection for the old Thirty
first foT it was there he was first elected
to office when, twenty-three years ago, he
was a candidate for the Assembly. He
had always begun his campaigns in that
district, and when he had discovered tnat
the campaign managers had arranged to
have him appear at several meetings else
where before he got to the Thirty-hrat
District he had asked them to change ao
.he could speak there first. He said he
•Was glad the people remembered his
former trade, at the same time picking up
a hammer aud tapping an anvil on the
stage, whereat the crowd cheered again.
He then turned his attention to the rail
road, and went over the ground he cov
ered so frequently when he was here a
fe E L ee Hutchl°son, candidate for Lieuten
ant' Governor, followed Judge Maguire.
He told of their campaign tour together,
saying they had spoken in seventeen
counties In the State, and wherever they
had appeared the halls were not half
large enough to hold the crowds that
wanted to hear Judge Maguire. He pre
dicted that gentleman's election by 30,000
H A McCraney, candidate for Clerk
of the Supreme Court, spoke briefly on
the outlook for the State ticket, after
which Maguire aiTfl his party took car
riages for another part of the city, and
James H. Barry was Introduced. He said
"My distinguished opponent, Mr. Kahn,
who is running against me for Congress
in the Fourth District, has stated that
this district and this State ought to elect
somebody to Congress who is in touch
with the administration. We have such
men in Congress now In Mr. Loud and
Mr. Hllborn, and what have they done?
I may not be In touch with the adminis
tration, but I will have something to do
with getting a postofflce for San Fran
cisco. The administration has done noth
ing for California. Senator White suc
ceeded in "getting an appropriation passed
for harbor improvements at San Pedro,
but the appropriation has been hung up
by Secretary Alger. After this year we
will have a Democratic Congress* and it
will not be necessary to be in touch with
the administration; the administration
will have to be in touch with Congress."
The crowd thinned out perceptibly after
Barry had finished, despite Chairman
Louney's appeal to them to remain as
Mayor Phelan would be present later in
the evening: but the appeal, though it
was repeated several times, had no effect
and after each of the subsequent speak
ers concluded there was a further clean-
Ing out of the hall.
William M. Hinton followed Mr. Barry
and In turn was succeeded by John P.
Dunn. Then came several municipal can
didates, including R. P. Doolan, E. P.
Mogan and M. Greenblatt and D. 8.
O'Brien, candidate for the Assembly from
the Thirty-first District.
Following these gentlemen came a quar
tet in red shirts and leather aprons, who
sang a compalgn parody on the "Anvil
Chorus," from 'Til Trovatore."
Then followed a period of "filling in"
in an attempt to hold those still present
until Phelan could arrive. F. A. Quinn,
T. E. Treacy, Charles Asmussen. the lat
ter a Stanford student, who proved him
self an orator of exceptional ability, and
T. J. Lyons, candidate for School Direc
tor, talked against time, but without
avail. The crowd showed by their actions
that they did not want to hear Pbelan,
and at 10:30 the meeting adjourned before
his Honor could put in an appearance.
PHELAN AT PIONEER HALL.
A Crowd on Hand to Hear Some Ex-
planations for Self and Party.
A houseful of Democratic voters of the
Twenty-ninth District foregathered at
Pioneer Hall last evening to listen to J.
"Heft" Phelan and minor lights of his
following on the issues of the campaign.
The speakers of the evening were: Frank
lin K. Lane, Washington Dodge and the
"Hefter" Mayor.
Steven M. Nolan, nominee for the As
sembly from the Twenty-ninth and chair
man of the meeting, explained In a well
learned though complex speech that it
was the duty of all properly informed
Democrats to stand "shoulder to shoul
der" with the "Little Joint," as they call
him. and "Jim" Barry, to tight for
Democratic victory. He then took consid
erable pleasure In introducing James
Denman for Superintendent of Schools.
After pointing with pride to his record
of four times incumbent of the office he
seeks, Mr. Denman gave way to Dr. Ed
E. Hill, who was followed by John A.
Brown, who confessed to an affection.
purely platonic In nature, for "South of
Market." and said that if he and "Dick
Doolan were elected to the offices they
seek they would see that the district of
their affections would be well cared for.
Franklin K. Lane, one of the events of
the evening, followed a number of minor
nominees to the rostrum, and etated that
the only charge that Republican papers
had dafed to make against Democratic
nominees wan that they were job-chasers,
"and that's just what we are," agreed
Mr. Lane. "We are practical, and we
know what we want; I have the great
est sympathy for the men they call 'the
puph.' and I believe that a man h&B as
much right to work for a living in politics
as anywhere else."
Lew. Byinpton, lormerly of Post street,
now of Harrison, followed Mr. Lane, but
made no allusion to recent residential
changes. He merely thought that the
Supervisors to be elected should De "men
of distinction and ability."
"Dick" Doolan, for Superintendent of
Streets, got no further than a promise to
the "south side" that they could begin
figuring on Jobs in the department, when
Mayor Phelan' s arrival interrupted.
After five consecutive speeches the
Mayor was in a pronouncedly happy vein.
He redwelt, aB it were, upon current is
sues and held up to the glad eyes of his
audience Washington Dodge as the orig
inal Democratic honest .man. With one
hand on his bosom he bowed before hia
audience and disposed of his Wllmerding
School difficulty by putting his word
against The Call's, with hand in the
same vicinity he forgot to mention that
the Merchants' Association had not in
dorsed him, and he considered a simple
denial all that was necessary to prove
that he does not hold stock of the new
gas company. Said Mr. Phelan:
"We do not come before you to aftk re
election, but approval of what we have
done There have been those of us who
have been untrue to their trust, but they
are not running for office this year, and
we are glad of it."
Mr. Phelan then made room for Mr.
Dodge, who waa followed in turn by T.
F. Bonnet, E. I>. Fitzgerald, Barclay
Henley, Jerome Deasy, the man who
moved," and. numerous others.
WAITED FOR MAOUIRE.
The Thirtieth District Democratic
Club Addressed by Its Candi
date for Governer.
After waiting three hours the Thirtieth
District Maguire Club was enthused by
a speech from their candidate for Gov
ernor. Judge Maguire arrived at the hall
of the San Francisco Athletic Club short
ly before 11 o"clock and was greeted by
cheers from the 500 or more people pres
ent.
Two anvils, which had been placed on
the speakers' stand, attracted Judge Ma
guire's attention, and he spoke of his
early life when he had gained a living
as a blacksmith. He said that although
he had forsaken the anvil for an easier
job he Btill remembered the time when
he was engaged in manual labor, and that
he always had a warm spot in his heart
for one who toiled for a living. Mr. Ma
guire paid his respects to General W. H.
L. Barnes, the Southern Pacific and his
opponent for gubernatorial honors. The
lateness of the hour, he said, would pre
vent his discussing the issues of the cam
paign, but he spoke at some length on
the Spanish-American war and territorial
expansion.
D. V. Dennehy, the president of the
club, presided, and introduced thf fol
lowing speakers: E. J. Marks, Roel B.
Terry, X D. F. Bartlett, Al Fritz, F. J.
Burke, J. A. Carroll, Edward Hanrahan,
J. A. Browne, Walter Gallagher, J. F.
Twig's. J. D. Phelan, Dr. Ragan, Edward
L. Hutchison, H. J. McCraney, E. I.
Woodman, J. P. Dunn and James H.
Barry.
"THE WOSKINGMAN'B FRIEND."
Mayor Phelan Posed as Such Before
an Audience of Wage-Workers
Last Night.
The Democrats of the Forty-fourth
District met in Apollo Hall, 810 Pacific
street, last night to hear speeches from
Mayor Phelan and other Democratic can
didates. The hall was but partially
filled, but a mob of email boys in the
gallery made enough noise to keep up an
appearance of enthusiasm.
Franklin K. Lane was the first speaker
of the evening, and told the same story
that he has been telling three times every
night for the past week: "The Demo
cratic nominees are of the people and for
the*people; those on the Republican ticket
are of the corporations, for the cc-rpora
tions and against the people." The office
to which he aspires Is a very important
one, and he declares that if elected he
will make San Francisco the chief city
of the country.
Mr. Phelan" arrived shortly after Mr.
Lane had finished his speech, but as mem
bers of the band were temporarily ab
sent from the room the customary ode of
"Hail to the Chief" was not played on
his entrance, but the small boys in the
gallery got the tip and whistled long and
loud. Sir. Phelan realised that he was
speaking to an audience of workingmen.
and of course posed as the friend of the
toiler and the enemy of the corporation
which gives him work. According, to his
speech he had never sought the nomina
tion. His friends had asked him to serve
another term, and he felt It his duty to
lay aside all personal preferences and
serve another term. He did not come be
fore tlie general public with the feeling
that he is "one whit better than any
other man," but as "the head of a clean,
honest ticket ami asrainst the combined
bosses of both tickets. " He characterized
the Republican nominees as "sneaks who
are goiiiK around telling lies " about him,
and openly denounced them as '"liars."
He Is opposed to the limitation of the
liquor traffic and the closing of business
plftcos on Sunday as an "encroachment
on the rights of the people."
George H. Oambitz. Theodore F. Bon
net, Dr. Washington Dodge, Lewis F.Bying
ton, Hull MeClnughry, J. T. Burke. James
Denman and other Democratic nomineecs '
were introduced in turn and made short
speeches. ___________^
JOSEPH P. KELLY
ON THE DEMOCRACY
TELLS OF ITS WANING POWER
AS A PARTY.
Speaks of James H. Barry as a
"Hypocrite" and Outlines and
Condemns His Character.
Joseph P. Kelly, independent candidate
for CongTess in the Fourth District, de
livered an address at Drews Hall last
evening on the Democratic party and the
condition of Democracy g-enerally. In it
he aimed to place before the voting citi
zens in the Fourth District a true and
unprejudiced portrayal of the corruptions
upon which the Democratic party is
based.
"There is nothing in this party to-day,
so far as honesty of purpose and purity
of motive is concerned," said he. "Es
sentially speaking, there is no Democratic
party in this State, and the voters who
once claimed allegiance to Democratic
principles are now voting irrespective of
party fealty for the best and most honest
of candidates. It is now the best man
that receives the votes of all reputable
citizens. Bossism of to-day is not the
same as it was a few years ago. The
ruling power of Democracy now is what
has been fittingly designated 'the com
mittee of 100 Job-chasers.' In the appoint
ment of this 100 men what do we see?
What has been the consequent result of
such politics,? Twenty-two of the very
people who have a monopoly of the power
are provided with places on the Demo
cratic ticket. This committee has virtu
ally converted itself into a convention to
run the Democratic party in the further
ance of individual interests.
"It seems an outrage that- a number of
men should band themselves together and
say that they are the only honest Dem
ocrats in the municipality.
"I, as a man and as a citizen, dispute
their presumption in attempting to dis
franchise me or any other man from
having a voice in local government
"My primary reason for running for
Congress from the Fourth District is to
defeat, or at least attempt to defeat, a
man who never was a Democrat, but
who is now representing himself as such.
This man is James H. Barry, editor of
the Weekly Star. By his own words he
has proved the justness and the truth
of my assertion that he never was a
member of the Democratic party, al
though now he tries to deny this to gain
the votes of the public.
"It is a deplorable thing that religious
prejudices should be brought before the
public as one of the issues of a political
campaign. But it is just and right for
every decent citizen to know now that
Mr. Barry was a stanch supporter of one
of the most self-convicted and avowed
A. P. A.'s that ever was placed in nom
ination for office. This man was no
other than Kinney, the well-known poli
tician.
"If Barry, entertaining and declaring
such principles as these, should accept
the election to the office to which he
aspires he would be guilty of base dis
honesty. I would like to ask Mr. Barry
four questions," said the speaker, "to be
answered through the public press. They
are:
" 'Whether in 1884 he did not become a
member of a society closely allied to the
American Protective Association?'
" 'Whether the ruling principles of this
society were not identical with those of
the A. P. A.?'
" 'Whether or not the night of his in
itiation he made one of the most caustic,
vilifying and disgusting anti-Catholic
speeches ever made against this or any
other religion?'
" 'Whether Dr. Tannier did not call on
Barry when he was the only printer in
San Francisco who would publish Ma
guire's book against tb" Pope?' "
The speaker here outlined McNab's pol
icy in withdrawing his nomination for
Congress in favor of Barry. TO exemplify
the declared hypocrisy of Barry. Kelly
read a number of articles from the Star in
which the editor attacked McNab in scur
rilous language, caning him Gavin Mc-
Scab and characterizing him as "one of
Buckley's bleeding lambs."
"This" attack," said the speaker, "was
made in 1891; and 1898 Barry accepts the
discarded bone that McNab has deigned
to throw to him.
"As far as I am concerned," Kelly con
tinued, "possessed as I am of the am
bitions of a young man, there is nothing
on this earth, or above, that could In
duce me to accept the nomination as
Barry has done when confronted with
such revolting and disgusting truths of
past conduct and present traits of char
acter. The Examiner has also come out
in flaring eulogies of Barry as the clean
upright and only honest man that could
possibly be selocted\ to represent the
Fourth District. Such praise of a man
whose every word, written or oral, haa
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, f Manufacturers, Brokers, i m .
. porters. Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE: LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
| -Ja Corresponding With Any of. the rolla^^^rM^lem^afe^n^Ths^CiilL^-
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
$ '■■;'£ THE P. ROSSI CO., t
fmistlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
: 11T GUTTER STREET, i.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live stock VII lID «■ fft » Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. tt vll- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCfiOENINfI, &h& hl "* d -
" BELTIN3.
LD r.rfiFV Manufacturer of Belting
r. LCUEII, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
■ sion St., cor. Spear. -Telephone Main 562.
■■■■■-' - BOILER MAKERS. '
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
- « V,'. J. BRADY. Proprietor. - . v
Speei&l Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION STREET
I Telephone Main 5045.
*:■ : BOOKS AND STATIONERY. • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO MS COMPANY.,
j 342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell,
J - Periodicals, Books and Stationary.
CARRIAGE MAKERS. ■ ..
O'BRIEN & CAVC— Ma** l " B * nd Deal*"
BKlfcn tt Mli>3Lan<laus, Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk-
gt.. San Francisco. ' ■' '■' -- "' ...'■' _/_ : '*-• -
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS.
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1517 Market st. "" ■
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
QOO BATTERY STREET. <
Telephone Main 15«4. . ■ ."
, COPPERSMITH."
• Joseph Fax." Supt>-1 ■ H. myth. Mtr-
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.' '
DENTIST.
DR. C W- RICHARDS, be. "«•.« ke*mr.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE*. ',
REDINGTON&CO. ss o n co ssts n ts da d A c :i ce n n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
411-413 California street, Tt*t, '
Capital Represented .over <14.000.000 '
FLOUR.
ViTIAVAf Flour Mill*. J. Martenste.n & Co.
riAllUrlAL ew. cor. Battery end Taclflc sta.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. EOYES & CO.. Shlpptn* Butcher*. V* '
JAb liOlCi a \A)., Clay. Tel. Main UU.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. .Importers & Dealers
"in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. I
bpf-n in vilification of Hearst and hig yel
low Journal, as it is called, seems remark
able. Although such pleasant things are
now being said In the Examiner about
Barry, I will aver that every published
word in hi 3 praise is a sting to the pride
of Hearst.
"If what Barry thinks of Hearst and
what Hearst thinks of Barry were only
known and published what humorous
and Interesting reading it would make
for the general public.
MAHONEY PROVED TOO CLEVER.
He Was Awarded a Decision Over
Jack Dennis Before the Hart
ford Club Last Night.
Paddy Mahoney, a pupil of Jimmy An
thony, was awarded a decision over Jack
Dennis, of the Olympic Club at the Hart
ford Athletic Club's monthly exhibition
last night. Dennis was over weight and
did most of the leading up to the fifth
round. Mahoney, under instructions,
sailed in and hit his opponent wherevei
he pleased, and was warded the fight in
the eighth round. Mahoney did clever
work throughout the bout and created a
good impression.
M. Meyers of the California Athletic
and Swimming Club knocked "Kid" Swei
ger of the Jefferson Athletic Club to the
floor in the first round of their go,
and the police were about to stop the
bout when the gong sounded.
At the opening of the second round
Meyers flew at Sweiger and landed a
number of blows, when Sergeant Blank
stopped the argument. Meyers was given
the decision.
The six-round bout between Billy Hogan
of the Hartford Athletic Club and Billy
Murphy of the Princeton Athletic Club
was interesting from start to finish. Both
boys fought hard and fair. In the fifth
round Hogan knocked Murphy flat on his
back wtih a straight left, and for a mo
ment Murphy was groggy. He came to
quickly, however, and renewed the fight
with vigor. Referee McLaughlin awarded
ed the decision to Hogan.
Joe Kennedy and a Mr. Craig furnished
four rounds of excitement, and as usual
politicians stepped into the ring and de
livered speeches.
OONCEBT TO S. J. SANDY.
Metropolitan Temple Crawded With
Friends of the Well-Known
Singer.
The testimonial concert tendered S. J.
Sandy (one of the leading singers at St.
Mary's Cathedral) last evening was both
an artistic and financial success. Metro
politan Hall was crowded to its utmost
capacity with a large and appreciative
audience. The programme as rendered
was as follows: Opening remarks, Colonel
William P. Sullivan Jr.; organ solo, Pro
fessor R. J. Harrison; quartet, "Autumn
Comes With Silent Finger," Miss K.
Black, Miss Julia Sullivan, Mr. D. Man
lloyd, Mr. S. J. Sandy; baritone solo, "To
Anthea," S. Homer Henley; piano solo,
"Lutzow's Wilde Yagd." Signor Martinez;
tenor solo, "Ah, Moon of My Delight,"
from the Rubaiyat, Frank Coffin: duet,
"Flow Gently, Deva," D. Manlloyd and
8. J. Sandy: contralto solo, "Thou Won
drous Youth," Miss E. V. McCloskey,
cello obligate Mr. Patek; tenor solo,
"Sound an Alarm," D. Manlloyd; instru
mental trio, in D minor, Paul Egry, Ru
dolph Patek and Signor Martinet; aria,
"Revenge! Timotheus Cries," from "Alex
ander's Feast," S. J. Sandy; soprano solos,
(a) "The Old Story," (b) "Nina." Miss
Fannie Denny; quartet, "Good Night, Be
loved." Miss K. Black, Miss J. Sullivan,
D. Manlloyd and S. J. Sandy.
Will Drill for a Trophy.
A competitive drill by companies select
ed from the regiments encamped at the
presidio is scheduled for next Tuesday
evening. The Young People's Society of
the Young Men's Christian Association
has the affair in charge and is busily en
gaged preparing for the entertainment. A
handsome silver cup will be awarded the
winning company. A regimental band
concert will be given by three bands— the
Fifty-first lowa. First Tennessee and the
Twentieth Kansas.
Company I Will Entertain.
Company I, league of the Cross Cadets
of St. Peter's parish, will give a musical
and literary entertainment at Mission
Parlor Hall, Seventeenth street, Friday
evening October 28, at which will be pre
sented for the first time on the Pacific
Coast a series of stereoptlcon views on
thp Santiago campaign. Cuba and the
Philipplnea W. H. Jordan will deliver the
address on the occasion.
Street Sweeping Plans.
At the meeting of the Street Committee
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday
the Merchants' Association sent in a long
communication, suggesting revised speci
fications for the street sweeping con
tract. It reqnestpd that under the new
administration of affairs present employes
be retained, providing that they be citl.
HARNESS _ AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln nt.. a. g>.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers oC an
■' kinds of Harness and dealers In Bu«.a«.
Carts, etc If you want barralns call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
AllllA Hunters* - Equipments. Flshin.
GUNS T of^ai^rs E^ »
****** 789 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton SHedley. Prop*.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
j scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. ISB Sutter it.
San Francisco.- Telephone Mela 917. •
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture" blankets, Casslrnerea. Tweeds and
Flannels. 635 Market St.. San Francisco. C»L
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE^ INSURANCE. - •
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. H. 000.000.
■ rM/i r BTZ * CO.. Airrata.
. . Ml California at,
MATTRESSES AND IRON- BEDS.
THE RPDVHtDn Mattress Co.. > 842 Mission
Hie ISEKnIIAKU . st. Telephone . Main 1174.
y./i -,'ti PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP and paper co..
fwILLMmCIIC 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
TT)» Oldest Tirm n-nA Tj«r»»«* Wivit.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
18 and SO O'Farretl St.
A <*on>* of expert tuners and repair***.
PRINTING.
EC JJUGHEo,BII Sansome street.
SOAP.
en i nrV * r(\ S 123 ' California " street.
, A, LLCI U VV., room ST. Tel. Main 1881.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
'"aa^PARTRIDGE %££&
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, SgSSVgfc
WAREHOUSEMEN. /"
the haslett WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwardln*'; •-. Agenta and Pnbllo W«l»h«r(«,
General Bt.<la«». Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General ofnee. FlO California st. TeL Main Mi.
: , - - WALLPAPER.
WHOLB' \IiE ft retail: send .for samples, stat-
ing cuallty & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
V- WATCHES." ETC. : j
TI IT VnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry aaa
• LlnUI. full 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 8d st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning.. 417 .Mission,-. tel. 11. 6927.
zena of the United States. The method
of paying contractors for work was also
specified along somewhat different linea
than those already proposed.
The Street Committee laid the com
munication and the whole matter over
for one week.
Stole a Horse and Buggy.
C. F. Dryer, a livery stable keeper, at
1315 Stockton street, swore to a complaint
in Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday
for the arrest of ,lobn Lynch on a chars*
of felony embezzlement. October Sth
Lynch hired a horse and buggy, valued at
$160, from Dryer and sold the rig the
same day for $22 50 to the Indianapolis
Carriage and Wagon Factory, 1638 Mis
sion street. This is not the first time
Lynch has done the same thing.
Finds One Indictment.
The Grand Jury met yesterday and re
turned one secret indictment in a felony
case. No indictments were ready in the
case of School Board directors, which fact
caused Judge Belcher to make some pub
lic remarks to the jurors, reminding them
of their failure in this regard and stating
that he would expect a quorum of the
jury of its meeting next Monday night.
HUDYAN DID IT
Yes, HUDYAN is the true nerve-builder. '
Many men and women are ready to testify
to that HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
da. \ HUDYAN cures.' Just as certain as
you am a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you.
. HUDYAN , cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression," Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb-
| ling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in the
Shoulder, Pains Up and Down the Backbone.
HUDYAN cures Nervousness, Melancholia,
Nervous 'Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
HUDYAN cures ". Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss
of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call ; or
write • for free circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sta.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAI* /
Use f?^ -v .^
Facial Soap I^/ Facial Cream.
Pug Noses, Hump, Flat, . Broken. Hi-Shaped
Noses made to harmonize with the other fea-
tures by Dermatologist JOHN H. WOODBURY,
127, W 42d at.." New York, 163 State St., Chicago.
Send for illustrated book.
Munyon-s Headache and Indigestion Cure
la the only remedy on tL« market that
! will cure every : form \of Headache In I
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. -:' It should be in ■ every home and '
every traveler's i ripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25cNORTH SIDE
REPUBLICANS
ENTHUSIASTIC
C. L. Patton Addresses
a Big Meeting.
MANY CANDIDATES SPEAK
MORGENSTERN EXCORIATES
YELLOW JOURNALS.
Patton Says It Is a Case of "Phelan
and His Money Against
Patton and H<°
Friends."
The Republicans of the Forty-fifth Dis
trict held a very enthusiastic meeting at
Garibaldi Hall last night, James Carr pre
siding. Among the speakers were:
Charles L. Patton, I>. E. McKinlay, A. J.
Morgenstern, Julius Kahn. Judge Murphy,
I. J. Truman, Asa R. Wells, John D.
Fiebe, J. B. Carson, Judge Joachimsen,
William S. Fitzgerald and others.
1\ E. McKinlay. in a forcible speech,
made plain t" the voters the necessity to
Republican Congressmen at this
on, and cited as the principal reason
the great and beneficial effects that have
Hon. D. E. McKUo'ay.
followed the passage of the Republican
tariff hill, as compared to the measure
that was Riven the people by Cleveland
and his Congress. His remarks were
greeted with cheers.
A. J. Morgenstern followed with some
warm Btat< yarding yellow jour
nalism in this city. He Bald:
"I Btated upon last Monday night In
Drews Hnl! In this city that there was
not a rep . ■ r In the whole
of San Fr «eas supporting
Mr. James 1 <. Phelan in his effort to con
tinue an office-holder in this city and
county. I repeat that statement to you
to-night. It certainly requires no argu
ment upon my part to convince you that
the Examiner is not a rf-putable news
paper, and his only additional newspaper
support comes from the Bulk-tin. I said
upon last Monday night that I had been
Informed by a close friend of Mr. Phelan
that two years ago he had paid for the
support of the Bulletin, and if that state
ment is true, then the Bulletin is not a
reputable newspaper. Th<-> Bulletin, not
withstanding that The Call published tnat
Statement upon Tuesday morning, re
mained silent and made no denial of its
truth upon Tuesday. In the issue of
Wednesday Mr. Phelan publishes an open
letter, In which he states that he has not
paid to the Bulletin any money nor made
any promises to them for what they are
doing to advance his campaign. Note the
distinction. The r..arpf was that tne
money was paid for the support two years
ago. The denial is that no money nor
promises have been made for what is
being done now. This statement, I repeat
to you, gentlemen, comes from a man
who 1b a friend of Mr. Phelan, who was
active in his support two years ago and
who is now upon the Phelan— so-called —
Democratic ticket.
"Mr. Phelan t>M!s you that 'platforms
are ordinarily springs, to catch woodcocks,
molasses to catch flies; that if the can
didates upon the Republican ticket break
their pledges those who nominated them
will cry that they could not hold them
after election.' Gentlemen, do you be
lieve that Mr. Pfttton would make a
pledge to break it? Do you believe that
Henry S. Martin, Asa R. Wflls, I. J.
Truman, D. J. Murphy, Albert Heyer, Dr.
Kearney and men of that stamp make
pledge* to break them or that they are
rvlle tools of any man? If you do,
then believe that the Examiner and that
Mr. Phelan speak the truth. If you do
not br'ieve that of these eminently re
•pectabifl gentlemen, then believe that
Mr. Phelan and that his foul support,
the Examiner have lied and are lying
for the purpose at deceiving you.
'•I should Ilk" also to direct your at
tention to the fact that Mr. Phelan de
clared on Saturday night last at a meet
ing in the- Thirty-first Assembly District,
that the reason why the Democratic party
held no primary election was that the
Supreme Court had declared the primary
election law unconstitutional, and that
there was consequently do primary elec
tion law, and no protection could be af
forded to voters at a primary election.
This statement Is, upon Its face, either
a false statement or one made in total
Ignorance of the law. The Porter primary
law is still in full force and effect, con
taining provisions fur the severe punish
ment of any violation of the primary
election law, and the only necessary step
to the invocation of the protection of that
law at a primary election 1b that the
primary be held under its provisions, that
Is, that the party holding the primary
election should do so under the provisions
of that act, by so specifying in its call
tor the election. It was not the fact of
absence of legal protection that influenced
Mr. Phelan and his gang of job-chasers
against the holding of a primary, but the
fact that he feared to place himself be
fore the voters of his own party, fearing,
and with good reason, that ho could not
renominate himself." v _.i.-; _-
Mr. Mel-Onlay's remarks were followed
by ringing cheers.
Julius Kahn, candidate for Congress in
the Fourth District, in a brie£j?peech told
the voters why patriotism ana loyalty to
the party should cause them to support
the national administration by voting the
Republican ticket from start to finish in
order that after the battle had been
fought the news could be flashed to
Washington that California had swung
solidly into the Republican column.
Ex-Judge 1). J. Murphy spoke at Borne
length, telling of the merits of the candi
dates on the Republican ticket and di
lating upon the excellent features of. the
party platform which the leading Demo
cratic paper had declared to be the best
ever presented to the people of thlscltj.
During the course of Judge Murphy s re
marks John Callender. a colored man.
arose in the audience and stated that
while the Judge was District Attorney he
had convicted the speaker, but that tne
punishment was only just. , Instead 01
having any ill feeling toward Mr. Murph>
he declared that he would secure the
votes of many colored men for him. me
Judge and the colored man. whose ppreen
was quite dramatic, shook hands ana tne
audience cheered.  , ty . o
I. J. Truman briefly addressed the
meeting and referred to the fact that
Mayor Phelan had to go into the coloniz
ing business In order to get men in tne
various sections who would take "Hier*
from him as Supervisors. Thanks to .The
Call, this scheme of Mr. Phelan had been
exposed and the voters would remember
these facts when the time came to vote.
When Charles L. Patton, ReP™ «"}
candidate for Mayor, appeared, he received
a great oration and gracefully acknowl
edged the compliment. Mr. p , at n / JrllJ rlI
ticularly Impressed upon the minds ims
hearers the fact that the Republican
nicipal platform was the best ever offered
the citizens of San Francisco. He said it
was as full free and fair as could be
made and that he stood ■9««^JgS2
every plank In it. The new <*a aret _ cr d "MI
become a law because it was a decided
improvement upon the P™**"* "t"^* 1
machinery. He believed the next Legis
lature would adopt It and declared that
he was in favor of a dollar tax on a valu
ation of 000,000. The city could
be run on this sum without reducing
the wages of its employes. He would like
to have the power to enforce an eight
hour law that provided a minimum wage
of $2 per day because he believed the city
would be more prosperous under such con
di- t 'l"am in favor of this plank in the plat
form " said Mr. Fntton, "and if I am
elected 1 pledge myself not to sign any
contract unless this provision of eight
hours and J2 per day shall be a part of
the document. Mr. Phelan says that 135
per month is enough for janitors working
In the City Hall, but they are not his
kind of people. When Mr. Phelan and the
rest of the Democracy tell you that this
contest is between Kelly, Crimmtns,
Rainey. Buckley. Herrln and others, ho
and they tell you what is not true. Not
one. of those men knows what my official
acts will be. As a matter of fact this
contest is between Mr. Phelan and his
money and Charles L. Patton and his
friends."
Mr. Patton promised to give "an honest,
clear, upright, business administration,"
if elected, and retired amid cheers that
rattled the windows.
The other speakers made short, pithy
speeches and were cordially received.
RICHMOND VOTERS.
They Hold a Non-Partisan Meeting
and Listen to Candidates.
Richmond District Independent Club
was the rendezvous of nearly all the can
didates of both parties at a meeting held
at Clement street and Fourth avenue last
night. Robert Haight had the honor of
presiding.
From tho enthusiasm manifested for
the Republican nominees Richmond will
doubtless give a good majority to the
nominees of that party.
Charles L. Patton was tho first to be
Introduced to the meeting, and was the
signal for round after round of applause,
which took the form of an ovation. He
briefly stated the line of duty he will pur- j
sue when elected Mayor of San Fran- j
clsco. His remarks were brief as It was
not on the programme for any of the
candidates to make speeches, but rather
that they present themselves for the
voters' benefit, yet he made a telling hit
against "hefting Jimmy's" declaration of
Interest In the workingman, by repeating
Mayor Phelan's remarks before the Board
of Supervisors at a time when the duties
of the janitors of the City Hall were
under discussion.
Mayor Pheian at that time said that
175 a" month was too much for janitors.
All he paid his janitors for looking after
the property that his father left him was
$35 a month. This he considered enough.
Patton assured his hearers that he
would insist on eight hours as being a
day's ■ work and nothing less than $2
j should be paid to any laborer. (Cheers
and applause.)
Attorney General W. F. Fitzgerald,
nominee for City and County Attorney,
received a most flattering reception. He
gave an account of his actions at the time
! that it was sought to introduce convict
cut stone into the Affiliated Colleges build
ings. This movement he stopped by de
c-lining to approve of the contract.
He assured the people that if elected
h<- would insist that all public contracts
contain the cjaute— eight hours' work.
nothing less than $2 for the service, and
California material to be used.
He favored the city owning its own gas,
water and street railroads.
J. B. Carson, Republican nominee for
Superior Judge, spoke a few words, after
which Slg M. Bettman, Republican nom
inee for State Senator, and H. H. Davis,
Independent candidate for the same office,
made their bows .and short addresses.
<; W. Collins. Republican nomine" for
Supervisor of the Eighth Ward, appeared
and w;us warmly received. His address
wn= short and to the point.
Justices of the Peace F. H. Kerrigan
and Joseph E. Barry were presented and
well received. Barry promised to tie
every marriageable couple in the Rich
mond district free of charge who should
apply to him during the n<-xt two months.
Police judges Conlan and Mogan were
accorded a very pleasant reception, and
Thomas F. Graham. Republican nominee
for Police Judge, made a short address,
as did also R. H. Webster, Republican
nominee for Superintendent of Schools.
The Introduction of W. A. Deane, nom
inee for County Clerk, was the signal for
a burst of applause, seconded only to that
given for H. S. Martin. Deane spoke but
a short tim<\ and had the audience with
him throughout.
H. S. Martin, Republican candidate for
Sheriff, fairly captured, not only the
lobby, but the ladies, who arose and made
him welcome. Martin's popularity In
Richmond Is to some extent due to his
splendid management of thf French Hos
pital of which he is one of the head offi
cials.
Frank Murasky, Democratic nominee
for Superior Judge, made a favorable im
pression.
CHEERED FOR PATTON.
; Workingmen Listen to the Repub
lican Candidate for Mayor.
"Washington Hall. 85 Eddy street, was
too small to hold the gathering of Repub
licans who assembled there last night
and the anterooms and hallway leading
to the large meeting place were pressed
| into service. The occasion was markr-,1
! by the presence of all the Republican can
i didates of note, and speeches by them
wr-re listened to and cheered. When
Frank Bell, chairman of the meeting,
rappod for order breathing room was at a
premium.
Charles L.. Patton was introduced to the
audience, and they attested to his popu
larity by rising to their feet and rheer
lng for nearly five minutes. During his
remarks they paid the deepest attention
and showed their approval by repeated
outbursts of enthusiasm. Throughout the
meeting the same fueling was displayed.
Judge D. J. Murphy, candidate for Dis
trict Attorney, also received an ovation
and for ten minutes he spoke on the im
portance of the office he aspired to and
what the citizens of this city could ex
pect if he was elected. I. J. Truman was
a late arrival, but was given a cordial re
ception. He devoted a portion of his
speech to enlightening those present on
the methods employed by James D. Phe
lan and his committee of "100 Job-chas
ers." His remarks were cutting and to
the point.
Mr Truman stated that if he were
elected to the office of Trpa,surer there
would be no "hefting," nor would citizens
be in danger of losing sleep worrying
about the money in his care. Ho also
dwelt on the expose of Mayor Phelan's
colonization scheme, and closed with a
hope that the whole ticket from Henry T.
Gage down would be elected.
Among the other candidates to address
the meeting were: Edward I. Sheehan,
Jienry Martin, Judge Low, Mr. Phelpa,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
Frank Kelly, Mortlman G. Davis, Arthur
Atkins John D. Biebe and Asa R. Wells.
During the evening the Waterman sis
ters the James M. Troutt quartet and
Joe ilansen sang campaign songs. Alfred
G Black also played a cornet solo. The
Alarket-street Railway band, composed of
motormen and conductors on the Valen
cia and Mission street lines, played patri
otic airs.
Nominees Indorsed.
The 11. S. Martin Club was orgunized
last night at Kearney's Hall, corner of
Mason and Filbert streets.
The following officers were elected:
President, E. J. Ford; secretary, G. G.
Boisson; treasurer, P. J. Kearney; mar
shall. S. Eldrige.
( »ver 120 members were enrolled as soon
as the books were opened. The following
resolution was unanimousely adopted:
Resolved, That we, the members of the
H. S. Martin Club of the Forty-fourth
Assembly District, take this means of
showing our appreciation for H. S. Mar
tin, Republican nominee for Sheriff, and
that we pledge ourselves to work in his
behalf to further his election in the com
ing campaign. We have known Mr. Mar
tin a good number of years and have
found him an honest, upright gentleman
who, we believe, if elected, will fulllll the
duties of Sheriff in an upright, conscien
tious manner, to the admiration of his
many friends and approval of the citi
zens' and taxpayers of San Francisco.
The following nominees received the
club's indorsement: A. J. Johnston, for
State Printer; M. H. Barry, Assembly,
Forty-fourth District; Dr. Leland, Super
visor First Ward; Julius Kahn, M. Frag
ley, A. A. Cavagnaro, E. C. Kalben,
Thomas F. Graham, I. M. Thomas and
A. B. Treadwell.
Municipal League.
The Municipal League of San Francisco
held a mooting yesterday at the head
quarters of the league at 632 Market
street, and completed its ticket for the
coming election as follows: Mayor,
Charles L. Patten; Auditor, Asa R. Wells;
Assessor, John D. Siebe; Sheriff, Henry
S. Martin; City and County Attorney, W.
P. Fitzgerald; District Attorney, D. J.
Murphy; Treasurer, I. J. Truman: Coun
ty Clerk, William A. Deane; Superintend
ent of Schools, Reginald H. Webster;
Superintendent of Streets. Martin F.
Fragley; Tax Collector, Edward I. Shae
han; Surveyor, Charles S. Tllton; Superior
Judges, James M. Troutt, John R Car
son. Davis Louderback. H. N. Clement:
Police Judges. A. B. Treadwell. Charles
A. Low. T. F. Graham. H. L. Joachim
sen; Justices of the Peace, G. C. Groezin
ger. Frank H. Kerrigan, G. W. F. Cook,
Joseph E. Barry, Thomas F. Dunn. The
Republican Board of Supervisors were all
indorsed.
The league will publish a ticket which
will be mailed to every voter in the city.
One hundred thousand tickets have been
ordered for circulation.
Lewis F. Byington Club.
A meeting of the friends of Lewis F.
Bylngton, Democratic and Non-Partisan
nominee for Supervisor of the Seventh
Ward was held last evening at Wash
ington Hall. 35 Eddy street. George D.
(.'lurk presided and L. M. Bannon acted
us secretary. Sixty names were added
to the roll, making a total membership
of ninety. ... ,
The next meeting of the club will be
held at the same hall on Monday even
ing, October 24.
An Austrian Rally.
The Austrian-American Democratic
Club held its weekly meeting at 443 Broad
way last evening.
Among the candidates who addressed
the meeting were T. F. Bonnet, R. Pashe
and K. J. Estudtllo. The club will have
a big rally on Monday evening at Gari
baldi Hall, 423 Broadway.
COUNTRY CRICKETERS.
Placer County Team Loses the
Matches Against Burns Valley
and Lakeport.
The Placer County Citrus Colony cricket
eleven started on their annual tour on
the 17th inst., and played the first match
against the Burns Valley team. Lake
County, on the 18th. In their first Innings
the Citrus Colony men made forty-seven
runs, only one of their batsmen, C. Slm
monds, getting double figures. Webber
and Keeling disposed of the whole side,
tho former taking five wickets and the
latter four; the Citrus Colony men played
one short. Burns Valley scored 74 runs,
of which E. E. Gray made 16. T. W. Beak
bane. H. V. Keeling and R. White, 10
each; the last being not out. C. Sim
monds took 4 wickets, and C. Turner 5
wickets. In their second Innings the Cit
rus Colony eleven scored 63 runs. C. Sim
monds making 1H and W. Petterick 14, not
out. The match, however, being a one
day game, and time not sufficing to play
It out it was decided on the first Innings,
Burns Valley thus winning by 27 runs.
The Placer County team played the sec
ond match of their tour at Lakeport, Lake
County, gn the 19th Inst., against tho
Lakeport cricket club. The latter team,
•with the exception of the captain, H. V.
Keeling, who Is a naturalized citizen, are
all native-burn Americans. The Placer
County men went to the wickets first, but
were all out for 24 runs, the highest score
being J. Hardlng's B. H. V. Keeling took
5 wickets and Rose, the coming local fast
bowler, the other 4. the Placer County
men playing one man short. Seventy-five
balls served to dismiss the whole team.
The Lakeport men with the exception
of their captain, H. V. Keeling, who
scored 21 runs, wore decidedly weak in
batting, for even with ten byes In their
favor, they managed to bring up their
score to only 51 runs. The next best to
that of the captain was 6, and four of the
team made round o's. C. Turner took 6
of the Lakeport wickets and C. Slmmonds
the remaining 4.
In their second inning the visitors, aid
ed by 19 not out from W. B. Paul, com
piled" ;>0 runs, Keeling taking 7 of their
wickets, and Rose the remaining two. The
total of the two Placer County innings
being SO; Lakeport had 30 runs to make
to win. H. V. Keeling scored 17 not out
and F. A. Greene H not out. and the neces
sary 30 runs were obtained for the loss
of only two wickets. Lnkeport thus won
the match by 8 wickets. Five hundred
spectators witnessed the game, and re
ceived the victory of the local men with
great enthusiasm.
Lectures on American History.
Puerta del Oro Chapter of the Daugh
ters of the -rtmerien.n Revolution an
nounces an educational course of eight
lectures on American history, covering
the critical period in our national life
from 1781 to 1836. These lectures are to
be delivered by professors from the Stan
ford University and the University of
California, and will begin Tuesday, Oc
tober 25, at 3:30 p. m., in Golden Gate
Hall, »J25 Sutter street, and occur every
Tuesday thereafter for eight weeks.
Tickets mny be obtained at Sherman &
Clay's establishment.
Following are the order of the lectures:
October 25, "Finances of the American
Revolution," by Dr. George Elliott How
ard of Stanford; November 1, "Finances
of the Cen federation," by Dr. Howard;
November N, "The Federal Constitutional
Convention," by Professor Clyde Augus
tus Duniway of Stanford; November 15,
"Ratification of the Constitution and Or
ganization of the Federal Government,"
by Professor Duniway; November 22. "Jef
ferson's Political Ideas and Methods," by
Dr K. C. Babcock of University of Cali
fornia- November 2fl, "Joffersonian Dl
plomacy," by Dr. Babcock; December 6.
"Internal Development from ISIG to 1832,"
by Dr. T. VV. Page of the University of
California; December 13, "Influence of this
l)evelonment on Political Ideas and
Methods," by Dr. Page.
Starved His Horses.
L. "Wachter, who keeps a hog ranch
noar the Four-Mile House on the San
Bruno road, was arrested yesterday by
Officer Hooper for cruelty to his horses.
The two animals he uses to haul swill
to his hogs are so poor they can hardly
walk. The officer says that the man is
able to care for his horses, but that he
is too stingy to give them hay enough
to keep them alive.
Friends of Animals.
At yesterday's meeting of the San Fran
cisco Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals the secretary reported as
follows: Number of cases reported 318,
number of cases investigated Ml 6. number
of cases prosecuted 20, number of animals
involved 34*19, number of animals relieved
3338, number of sick and disabled animals
relieved 20.
Two Suffered Conviction.
Joseph Connolly, accused of burglary
in the second degree, and George Wood,
charged with assault to commit robbery,
were convicted in Judge Cook's court yes
terday.
PRINCIPLES
OF POPULISTS
ARE RIGHT
Should Not Be Traded
Off to Democrats.
A. A. BRETZ AGAINST FUSION
DITTY OF THE HOUR TO VOTE
WITH REPUBLICANS.
Should Maguire Carry the Election
What Stand Will the lusion
ists Take Regarding tha
Populist Party P
J. A. Cole, a Populist candidate for
Congress four years ago, addressed a
letter recently to ex-Assemblyman Bretz:
AL.TURAS, Modoc County, October 16.
A. A. Bretz Esq.— My Dear Sir: Is It possi
ble, after all the labor and effort by true and
honest Populists, that the party 19 to be traded
off to the Democrats. In order that a few
Populist leaders may have an office? If the
Maguire combine should carry the election thils
tall, then what stand will the fusionlsts take In
regard to the Populist party for 1900? It 13
nothing else but a surrender to the enemy
almost before the battle has begun. If the mld
roul'Ts are not to have a place on the State
ticket, I for one shall not be forced to sup
port the fusion-Democrats. I think It more
honorable for the straight Populists, In order
to preserve the party, to support and help
elect the State Republican ticket, for If the
fusion-Democrats win the Populist party will
be virtually dead in this State and never can
be resurrected.
.We cannot kill fusion by supporting it at the
polls. I am willing to support an honorable
amalgamation with all the reform forces on
a union platform, but such a damnable swap
ping and dickering by a few office seekers as
was done at Sacramento in July I think
thould be rebuked by not voting with them.
I think It best for the straight Populists. In
order to preserve the party, to go on the ticket
by petition; otherwise to mi port the Republican
State ticket. The principles of the Populist
party are right— eternally right. They are con
ditions brought about by changes and circum
stances. They are progressive and evolution
ary, and are destined to be crystallized into
the organic laws of the land, If not by evolu
tion, then revolution must be the consequence.
Hence, the duty of the hour Is to vote with
the Republicans Instead of the Democrats. I>>t
us hear from the Populists throughout the
State on the subject. The time is short.
" J. A. COLE.
BYERS' KNOWLEDGE OF
POLITICS LIMITED
HIS PETITION TO GO ON THE
BAX.LOT RETURNED.
A Test Case Made Up to Determine
the Validity of I^ate Regis
tration.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 20.
One of the most erratic petitions filed
with the Alameda County Clerk Is that
of William J. Byers, who evidently does
not know a preat deal about politics. Mr.
Byers Is a photographer, and recently he
thoupht he would like to be a Supervisor.
He prepared a petition and circulated It
for signatures. In due time he obtained
seventy-nine names, and then he filed his
petition.
Unfortunately for Mr. Byers, there are
some objections to his going before the
district as a candidate for Supervisor.
His petition should have had ninety-five
names, and then again Mr. Byers does not
even reside— ln fact, has not even a Mur
phy residence — In the district which ho
Would represent. So his name will not bo
on the ballet.
This afternoon County Clerk Jordan,
District Attorney Snook and Attorney R.
M. Fitzgerald, the latter re-presenting" the
fusionists, ngrt-rd upon a case to be sub
mitted to the Supreme Court an to wheth
er the County Clerk could legally keep
the great register open until the 24th
lnst. The mutter will be carried to the
Supreme Court at once, and It is believed
a decision can be obtained in a week.
This evening the Republican candidates
woke up the little town of Alvarado. The
tour of the candidates through the coun
ty is bring attended with much success.
They are being met by largo crowds and
everywhere assurance is given that the
Republican ticket will be elected straight
through.
RESIGNATION OF THE
KOREAN MINISTRY
Would Not Entertain a Bequest for
the Formation of a Native
Parliament.
SEOUL,, Korea, Oct. 20.— A leading po
litical organization recently presented a
memorial to the Cabinet requesting the
formation of a Parliament for Korea,
The Cabinet In reply characterized the
proposal bh premature, and the reply has
caused so much dissatisfaction that all
the Ministers have resigned.
GUS RUHLIN ACCEPTS
CHOYNSKI'S CHALLENGE
Will Fight to a Finish, Probably in
This City, for a Purse and
$5000 Side Bet.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 20.— The an-
nouncement was made here to-day that
Qua Ruhlin had accepted the Challenge
of Joe Choynskl to fight to a finish at a
place to be selected. San Francisco pre
ferred, for a purse and side bet of $5000.
WIRE-WORKERS STRIKE OFF.
Old Employes Will Be Taken Back
(^ at Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 20.— 8y a unanimous
vote at the meeting of the striking wire
workers held this afternoon, the strike
was declared off. Half an hour later Na
tional Secretary Gillett and local officers
of the wireworkers' union, with about
forty of the strikers, marched to the of
fice of the American Steel and Wire Com
pany anc announced the fact. After a
brief conference. Superintendent Nyo was
called. He announced that all the old
employes who desired to return to work
could do so, and all but a few of the strik
ers went to work.
Will Sue for Libel.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— Major Compte Fer
dinand Walsin Esterhazy, who has pub
licly denied the I-ondon Observer's as
sertion that he had publicly claimed to be
the author of the Dreyfus bordereau, will
sue the Observer for libel.
Alice Rix Writes About the King
of the Sleuths, in next Sunday's Call.
Assaulted His Wife.
George Keynon, a horse clipper, living
at 1010 Harrison street, was convicted by
Judge Mogan yesterday and ordered into
custody for breaking his wife's nose.
He has been in the habit of beating her.
The wife begged for leniency for the sake
of their three children, but the Judge
■was inexorable. Keynon will be sen
tenced this morning.
Eva Hess Heard From.
Eva Hess, the young girl who was ab
ducted from this city two weeks ago, is
on her way from Vancouver. The case
against Isaac Wolfe, charged with ab
ducting her, was called In Judge Slogan's
court yesterday and continued till next
Thursday Jn order that the girl may be a
witness at the trial.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
THREE PRETTY SELECTIONS from our Juvenile
I Department for our Friday and Saturday specials.
Three seasonable garments==
Three highly Fashionable garments==
At j Special Price.
That pretty Reefer that you j
see the Little Man pictured in,
holding a. chrysanthemum, is a j
very fashionable affair in the
tan shades in the English Covert
Cloths, satin-faced right to^ the
edge. An awfully swell affair,
a garment you wouldn't hesi-
tate paying $7.50 for. For Lit-
tle Chaps between the ages of
3 and 8. Friday and Saturday
they'll be
. j- ±_, .-> . P ~ ',-— u^r ._. JljrLfm. m --> Jt + Some Real
■*■ T)li ?l<3 fto "*" btct warn iFiwSiiKM^y^ 'J^jfISkMBIBIMWHKBIMBBH^B^ "*" Fashions in- +
■+■ Show You + 9-1! -*3-!5 KEARNY SOT. X $ ail or Suit 3 +
+ Show You ♦ O- 11 -13-15 KEARIW SfT. + shown
lf;fH;,i THE frisco boys. :j:-r;^i
CROPS SUFFER IN
THE NORTHWEST
Raining or Snowing for
Nine Days.
FARMERS IN DEEP DESPAIR
LOSS WILL REACH MILLIONS
DOLLARS.
Should a Heavy Frost Come Out
standing Grain Would Be
TTnfit Even for Hog
Feed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 20.— -Reports from the
wheat fields of North Dakota and Mani
toba to-night are of a most discourag
ing character. It has been either rain-
Ing or snowing nine days. In Manitoba
only about 8,000,000 bushels of wheat of
a crop of 26,000,000 bushels has been
thrashed, and the balance standing in
stacks and shocks is threatened with
destruction. The farmers almost de
spair of saving the balance of these
crops.
The barley and oat crops are also all
out In the fields, and If a heavy frost or
snow si tld come now the whole out
That -manly little Suit you, see
in the center of the picture,
with our new vest, th°, T cutter scull
Vest, which is guide a swell
idea for those young hopefuls
between the- ages of 10 and 16,
made from high-grade Scotch-
es ; very swell colorings and
correctly tailored.
These manly little Suits will
be one of the attractions Friday
and Saturday —
standing crop would be rendered unfit
for even hog feed. The loss in North
Dakota and. the Red River Valley is
estimated at 20,000,000 to 25,000,000 bush
els.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 20.— The rain
and snow throughout Red River Valley
and North Dakota caught many of the j
farmers with grain unthrashed and the
prospect is that much of it will remain
in stack until spring. This is especially
the case in interior townships and lo
calities at a distance from the railways
and villages. Just what the loss will
be it is impossible to estimate, but it
is safe to say the greater portion of
that which remains in stack through
out the winter will be of little value ex
cept for fodder.
Samples of wheat brought to this city
which had been exposed to rain for the
past few days were so bleached and ]
swollen as to resemble the Washington ;
and Oregon product. Such grain will I
have to be dried out and cleaned before j
its value can be determined. Estimates |
on the number of bushels thus affected
in Manitoba are 7,000,000. On the rame
basis 10,000.000 to 15,000,000 bushels
would be damaged in Red River Val
ley and North Dakota, and the total
loss will amount to several million dol
lars.
The bad weather has very materially
affected general movement of the
crop. Farmers are unable to come to
market and elevator men cannot han
dle the crop expeditiously. Many of
the mills in the Northwest are runnine
da- and night, and the stock on hand
has been considerably reduced. All in
all the Northwestern crop has largely
deteriorated from the early estimates.
CALIFORNIA EXPRESS
RUNS INTO FREIGHT CARS
The Engine Turns Over, Instantly
Killing the Engineer and
Scalding the Fireman.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 20.— A special to the
Republic from Houston, Texas, says:
The electrical and wind storm which
That pretty Top Coat, in Eng-
lish Covert Cloths, the tan
shades, of course, which are so
popular — that very swell Winter
Top Coat, for Lads between the
ages of 4 and 14- Will cost you
Friday and Saturday,
$4.50.
swept over Texas last night was very
severe in Southern Texas. Damage to
Tw^rsoVh at Missourt City
that it blew a number of freight cars
from the siding out on the main track..
The California express dashed Into the
cars at full speed. The engine turned
over, instantly killing Engineer Johnson
of San Antonio, and scalding the fireman
and injuring the head brakeman. None
of the passengers were badly Hurt.
JORDAN OPPOSED
TO IMPERIALISM
Stanford's President Makes a Bold
Argument Before the Liberal
Congress of Religion
at Omaha.
OMAHA, Oct. 20.— A bold argument
against imperialism was made by Presi
dent David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity at this evening's session of th«
Liberal Congress of Religion, and it was
listened to by a crowded church. Summed
up. It was to the effect that a policy of
expansion would make incumbent
upon this country an expensive
colonial system with all that that im
plies of a costly army and navy;
that our Government system would have
to be largely changed from American re
publicunism to British imperialism; that
the pursuits of war would take the place
of our pursuits of peace: that it is not
suited to this country; that living in the
tropics degenerates the Anglo-Saxon
character, and finally, that this nation,
stands for an ideal of individual citizen
ship, which is a higher purpose for hu
manity than national aggrandizement.
Professor Jordan's paper was entitled
"Lest We Forget." from Rudyard Kip
ling's hymn, the "Recessional.'
MOUNTAIN FIRES STILL RAGE.
Another Army of Men Sent From
Pasadena to Fight Them.
PASADENA, Oct. 20.— T0-day 102 more
men were sent up to the mountains back
of the Echo Mountain House and the
Mount Lowe Railroad to fight the fire
which is still raging in Eatons Canyon.
Martins Camp, on Mount Wilson, Is now
threatened, and unless the fire is soon
under control much damage will be done.
Alpine Tavern, on the Mount Lowe Rail
road, is now said to be out of danger.
34
COMPLICATIONS
OF FRANCE NOW
GROW GREATER
War Preparatioos by Reasoo of
the Fashoda Dispute fire
Decidedly Marked.
Massacre of a French Missionary and Chinese
Catholics at PaKlung May Develop Into
a Conflict With O)ina.
Bpeclal Dispatch to Th« CalL
FOR THE SET-TO
WITH ENGLAND
PARIS, Oct. 20.— The al
leged war preparations of
France in connection with
the Fashoda incident are
the absorbing topic of dis
cussion here. According to
the French papers there
were important naval ex
periments at Toulon last
evening. A flotilla of tor
pedo-boats was detailed to
make an endeavor to force
the entrance of the harbor,
and the whole garrison was
called to arms and the forts
and batteries were manned,
ready for instant action.
The result of the experi
ments has not been made
public.
Vice Admiral Barrera pre
sided yesterday at a secret
council of war at Brest, in
which the chiefs ot the
maritime forces took part.
Confidential orders were
subsequently issued to the
garrison.
LONDON NEWSPAPERS
NOW VERY CAUTIOUS
LONDON, Oct. 21.— The London
morning papers have cooled down to
an exceedingly cautious and conserva
tive tone in dealing with the Fashoda
question, apparently realizing that the
public on both sides of the channel is
heated to the danger point. There is a
marked effort to avoid an offensive
tone.
The Times says: "Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach has gone some way to persuade
our neighbors that we really mean what
we say. The time has come when it is
absolutely necessary to dispel French
dreams on this subject, unless very
dangerous consequences are to result,
but 'the Chancellor of the Exchequer
might have performed th operation
more dexterously."
The Daily News, which voices the
general feeling, says: "The country is
determined to maintain its rights, but
there is no occasion to provoke our
opponents or to add fuel to the con
troversy."
NAVAL RESERVES
ORDERED IN READINESS
PARIS, Oct. 20.— The Aurore asserts
that five classes of the naval reserves
around Brest have been ordered to hold
themselves in readiness for active ser
vice.
MARCHAND'S REPORT
WILL BE TELEGRAPHED
PARIS, Oct. 20.— M. del Casse, Minis
ter «'f Foreign Affairs, has ordered that
the report of Major Marchand as to the
situation at Fashoda, which is expected
at Cairo to-night, be telegraphed textu-
afty.
' iwing to Its probable length it is ex^
P^ctf-d that at least forty-eight hours
will he required to reduce it to the
French cipher code at Cairo and to
translate it in Paris.
MERCHANTS WOULD
AVOID A CONFLICT
PARIS, Oct. 20.— The drift of opinion
on the Fashoda question among com
mercial men in Paris was shown by a
resolution adopted this afternoon by
the Municipal Council of this city, urg
ing the Frr-nch Government, without
sacrificing the material Interests at thp
ADVEBTISEME2JTS.
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
, Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts ''of: stores sell it, especially
druggist*; all sorts of people u»e it. ■ . J
MAY MEAN WAR
WITH CHINA
PARIS, Oct. 20.— At the
Cabinet meeting to-day the
Minister of Foreign Affairs,
M. del Casse, read a dis
patch from the French Mm
ister at Peking, M. Gerard,
announcing that a French
missionary and several Chi
nese Catholics had been
massacred or burned to
death in a chapel at Pak
lung by a riotous mob.
M. Gerard immediately
♦demanded reparation from
the Chinese Government,
including pecuniary com
pensation.
M. del Casse told M. Ge-
rard to instruct the Chinese
Foreign Office that the
French Government will
take action if China does
not adopt measures abso
lutely guaranteeing the
lives of the missionaries.
country, to use its utmost efforts to
avert a conflict with Great Britain over
this dispute.
SUCCESSFUL "WOOD DRIVE.
Vast Quantity Reaches Keswick
From a Long Distance.
REDDING, Oct. 20.— A solution of the
wood transportation problem was reached
Tuesday by the successful termination of
a seventy-five mile drive of 15,000 cords
down the Pit and Sacramento rivers to
Keswick, where it was boomed and de
livered to the Mountain Copper Com
pany.
Since the opening of spring 150 men have I
been employed in cutting wood on a heav- !
ily timbered plateau in the big bend of
Pit River. As fast as sufficiently dry the
wood was shot into the river by means j
of immense chutes and permitted to drift !
at will along the stream. When the sea
son's cut had been placed in the water
a large crew of expert river men followed |
down the stream and dislodged the fuel I
that had been caught in the eddies and !
on the shallows. The river crew finished ;
its work yesterday. While there was a
large percentage of loss, the experiment
is considered a success, and the wood
cutting farce will work throughout the
winter.
The great copper smelting plant at Kes
wick is an enormous consumer of fuel,
both wood and coke. Lately three ves
sels arrived in San Francisco from Enp
land loaded with coke exclusively for the
Mountain Copper Company, and the
Southern Pacific Company has since been
running special trains in delivering- the
fuel to Keswick.
NO SMALLPOX AT DAWSON.
Klondiker Just Returned Denies a
Sensational Report.
SKATTL.E, Wash., Oct. 20.— John W.
Considine, who left Dawson September 30,
states positively that up to that date no
case of smallpox existed in the Klondike
metropolis. A report was set in circula
tion Sf member 25 that the dread disease
had afflicted six victims and was likely
to spread. Mr. Considine thinks this ru
mor was started to free Dawson of sev
eral thousand indolent men.
j HIS FINAL KNOCKOUT.
Billy Walker, the Pugilist, Dies at
Omaha.
OMAHA, Oct. 20.— Billy Walker, the
pugilist, who was knocked out by Andy
Dupont Monday night, died at South
Omaha this morning after having boon
unconscious fifty-six hours. The charge
against Dupont will be changed from
prize-fighting to murder.
; ALASKA GOLD AT SEATTLE.
' Government Assay Offica There Doing
a Big Business.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 2>).— The deposit
j of Alanka gold at the Government Assay
Office in the last two days amounts to
$750,000. The Canadian Bank of Commerce
deposited $650,0^. The largest individual
deposit was that of Knute Langlow of
Tacoma, who arrived here from Dawson
yesterday on the steamer Roanoke. He
deposited $65,000. Since the assay office
was opened in July the total receipts are
$5,225,000.
MINERS' WAGES RAISED.
Old Schedule Increased by One-Third
at Libby.
MARSHFIKLD, Or., Oct. 20.— The Ore
gon Hallway and Navigation Company,
of which Goodall, Perkins & Co. are prin
cipal owners, has to-day voluntarily an
nounced an increase of 33 per cent over
the old schedule per ton to Its miners at
Lllbby -
Coyote Pest in San Benlto County.
BAN MIGUEL, Oct. 20.— Coyotes are
committing unusual depredations in this
section, owing to the scarcity of squir
rels and small game on which thc-y usual
ly subsist. The half-famished animals
have recently made several bold raids
on orchards and farms, and those who
have sustained losses are taking meas
ures to exterminate the pests.
Pacific Yacht Club in Trouble.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 20.— A serious blow
was dealt the Pacific Yacht Club, which
has been in a tottering condition finan
cially for some time, by the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company filing
a complaint in foreclosure 'to-day on a
mortgage held on the property of the
club at Sausallto for the amount of $15,000.
Indians Beaten at Football.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 20.— The Indian
apolis Athletic Club eleven defeated the
Haskell University Indians to-day at the
Newby oval, 18 to f.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
AMERICAN
ULTIMATUM
ACCEPTED
Cuba to Be Evacuated
by January 1.
RESULT OF A CONFERENCE
SPAIN WILL NOT BETARD THE
WITHDBAWAL OF TROOPS.
Something Must Now Be Done to
Stop the Spread of All
Classes of Disease at
Hawaii.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1698, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Oct. 20.— An agreement
i between the two commissions as to the
| date of evacuation again seems prob
able. As stated in a recent cable, the
American ultimatum is January 1, and
j this date will be finally accepted by
the Spaniards. General Butler to-day
called upon General Parrado, and an
informal conference was held, as a re
sult of which the American Commis
sioners believe there will be an early
meeting in joint session for ratifying
the date of evacuation.
The committee to-day served notice
on Mr. Hamlll, who purchased the cop
! per and bronze guns sold at auction,
j that the American Government would
I contest the legality of the sale, and he
; would dispose of the guns at his own
risk. A New York agent who was
about to deposit a draft for $100,000 to
purchase the guns from Hamill, was
also warned and later refused to com
plete the deal.
Rumors have been afloat for several
days in regard to friction between Gen
eral Blanco and the Madrid Govern
ment over finances. It was also re
ported that the Madrid authorities had
I ordered General Blanco to refuse to
j evacuate Cuba until the Philippine
j question was settled. I can deny both
1 stories on authority. General Blanco
I steadfastly refuses to give interviews
and has given only two since Febru
ary, both to The Call and the Herald.
But from one so close to him that his
assertions may be considered inspired,
j I learn that the Queen Regent fully
i approves everything General Blanco
| has done, and relies implicitly upon his
i advice in matters pertaining to Cuba.
i There has been no friction and no or
! der to delay evacuation. General
| Blanco refuses to tell any one whin
: he will leave Cuba, but it is safe to say
, the Madrid Government will keep him
i here until the linal formalities have
' been concluded.
Thut something must be done to stop
the spread of all classes of disease
seems evident. Dr. Hi'iinner >y-« just
forwarded to Washington a complete
report on the mortality of HAvana from
January 1 to October 13, His figures
are enough to strike horror to the
hearts of those contemplating visiting
the city. Fevers are still on the in
crease. Dr. Brunner's figures deal
only with the city proper. The mili
tary hospitals in the suburbs would
add materially to the totals.
In spite of the fact that Havana was
considered practically free from yellow
fever this year, eighteen died from that
disease during July, twenty in August,
tv. »*:iiy-three in September and seven
teen in the first thirteen days of Octo
ber. The increase of typhoid fever is
startling, as shown by the following
list of deaths: Fifty-seven in June;
eighty-seven in July; 127 in August;
136 in September and sixty-nine in the
first thirteen days of October. The
fever is generally caused by a lack of
food, and might be written "starva
tion." It has caused 2408 deaths. Since
January 201 have died as the direct re
sult of starvation. Those who have
heard that Havana climate is good fur
tuberculosis Will be interested in learn
ing that 2243 died from that disease
this year. The total number of deaths,
846, in October, a usually fairly
healthy month, shows the increase of
all diseases.
SPANISH SOLDIERS
WANT TO BE DISCHARGED
HAVANA, Oct. 20.— The American
Military Commission has been informed
that a great number of discharges have
been applied for by Spanish Boldiers
and officers since the publication of
Captain General Blanco's decree an
nouncing that such applications would
ho granted. Tht- total number of Span
ish soldiers who have made application
for absolute discharge from the army
before the final evacuation takes place
is now estimated to have reached 15.000.
ARRESTED FOR THE
MURDER OF HIS BRIDE.
Private Milt Stitely of Camp McKin-
ley Charged With a Foul
Crime.
DES MOINES, la., Oct. 20.— This even
ing Chief of Police Johnson issued a
warrant for the arrest of Milt Stitely, a
volunteer at Camp MeKtnley. He Is
wanted for the murder of his wife, a
bride of two weeks, who died in the city
ambulance Sunday, supposedly from mor
phine taken with suicidal intent.
JUDGE POWERS' PROTEST.
Declares Solano Conventions Violated
the Political Code.
SUISUN, Oct. 20.— Judge O. B. Powers
has filed a protest with County Clerk
Halliday, objecting to the entering or
printing upon general ballots of the names
of either the Democratic <>r Republican
nominees for Justice of the Peace or
Constable, claiming them to be In viola
tion of sections UX7 and lisa of the Politi
cal Code of the State of California, The
Judge claims that the statements made
in the certificates of nomination pre
sented .'it the conventions held in Vaca
ville are false, and that no names were
presented to the conventions; that the
entire list of alleged nominations for
township officers was fraudulently made
up after the conventions had ceased to
exist, and that the certificates of said
nominations were falsely sworn to by said
chairmen and secretaries.
PRESBYTERIAN SYNOD.
Every Portion of the State Repre
sented at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 20.— The Presbyterian
Bynod of the State met in the First Pres
byterian Church of this city thia evening.
The roll call showed a good representation
from all over the State. Devotional exer
cises were held, and a sermon was
preached by the retiring moderator. Rev.
William M. Hersmun of San Martin. The
choice of a moderator resulted In the elec
tion of Rev. Robert F. Coyle of Oakland
by acclamation. Elder William W. Briar
of Centerville and W. J- Arnold of Log
Angeles were chosen clerks. The commit
tee on arrangements reported and an ad
journment was taken until 8:30 a. m. to
morrow. The synod will bd in session un
til next Monday. .
POSITIONS OF
SHIPS IN THE
GREAT BATTLE
Report of th)c Wainwright Board
on the Destruction of Cer
vera's Squadron.
Official Figures Show Tfoat Admiral San)pson
on the Flag shi P New YorK Soon Got
Into tl)e Fight.
Special Dlspat eh to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— The report
of the Wainwrlght Board convened for
the purpose of determining the posi
tions and courses of the ships engaged
in the action at Santiago, July 3, was
made public to-day. The report is as
follows:
U. S. P. S. NEW YORK. NAVY- YARD,
NEW YORK, Oct. 8, 1898.— Sir:
1. In obedience to your order of Septem
ber 2, 1898, appointing us a board to point
the positions of ships of Admiral Cer
vera's squadron and those of the United
States fleet in the battle of July 3, 1898,
off Santiago de Cuba, we have the honor
to submit the following report, accom
panied by a chart, showing th«! positions
of the ships at seven different times.
2. These times, as taken by the I. nited
States ships engaged, with the incidents
noted, are as follows:
No. 1, 9:35 a. m.— Maria Teresa came out
of the harbor.
No. 2, 9:50 a. m.— Pluton came out.
No. 3, 10:15 a. m.— Maria Teresa turned
to run ashore. . .
No. 4, 10:20 a. m.— Oquendo turned to run
ashore. ,
No. 5, 10:30 a. Furor blew up and
Pluton turned to run ashore.
No. 6, 11:05 a. m.— Vizcaya turned to run
ashore. , .
No. 7, 1:15 p. m.— Colon surrendered.
3. The chart selected by the board for
plotting is H. O. chart No. 716, ISSp, West
Indies, eastern chart of Bahama Islands,
with part of Cuba and north coast of ban
Domingo. This selection was made after
careful comparison with all other charts
at hand, as the positions of the principal
! headlands and fnlets and the distances
I between them on it agree more nearly
I with the observation of the members of
the board than those given by any other.
4 The positions of the United States
! ships were established by known bearings
and distances at Morro frbin No 1,
with the exception of the New \ork,
: whose 'position is platted by the revolu
tions of her engines during a run of forty
five minutes east from her position^SE. %
S. of Morro 6000 yards. Position at , i
I is platted by all ships according to their
relative bearings {mm each other, the
ooeratloni of their engines from 9.3d to
9:50 the evidence of the officers on board
SS lß oWSrattOM Of the officers ; of ta.
i States ship* With «^xd tp tlulr
anc§ of the engines and general heading
! of the T ships. Position No. 4 same as No.
'< substituting Oquendo for Teresa. Po
sitioni No", 6 and 7 plotted on the same
\ S ? "Before-Vain* these positions the
i nl took f.uh ship arat a, and , ln d^:
cussed hor data for the position under
, L In recurring differences of
IBn In regard to distances, bearing
ranges etc. full liberty was given to the
wntitlve of the ship under dlscua
! sfo P n to bring in any argument or data
he considered necessary, and he board
submits this report with a feeling Jhat.
under the circumstances. it is as nearij
perfect as possible so long after the en
eairoment Very respectfully,
** RICHARD WAINWRIGHT, lieutenant
commander, U. S. N senior member.
S. P. ('ONLY, lieutenant, U. S. N.
L. C. HEILER, lieutenant, U. S. N.
W H. BCHUTZ. lieutenant, I . S. N
A C HODGSON, lieutenant L.SN.
W H AUjEN, lieutenant. U. S. N.
EDWABDJL CAPEHEARST, lleuten
ant. U. S. N. „ , ,
To the Commander-ln-Chlef.
The foregoing report needs the accom
panying chart to make clear what were
the positions of the Spanish during the
famous battle of Santiago on July 3.
Measurements upon the charts showing
the positions of the vessels at the speci
fied times named in the report will give
as fair an Idea of the work of the board
if can be made without the chart itself.
Position No. 1. 9:35 a. m.— When the
Maria Teresa came out of the harbor the
New York was nine miles away accom
panied by the Ericsson. The Brooklyn
was three miles southwest of Morro, be
ing two and two-tenth miles from the
shore west of the mouth of the harbor.
The Texas was eight-tenths of a mile
east of the Brooklyn. The lowa was one
and eight-tenth miles east and south of
the Brooklyn, and the Oregon half a
mile east of the lowa the lowa being
three miles directly south of Morro. The
Indiana was two and two-tenth miles
southwest of Morro, and the Gloucester
one mile almost directly north of the In
diana and a mile and four-tenths from
" PosUion No. 2, 9:50 a. m.— When the
Pluton came out all the Spanish vessels
had come out of the harbor and their po
sitions were: Maria Teresa, two and a
half miles southwest of Morro, and the
Vizcaya, Colon and Oquendo, In the order
named, behind the Teresa, and from four
tenths to half a mile apart. The positions
of the American vessels were: The New
York had moved up two and one-tenth
miles westward. The Brooklyn was eight
tenths of a mile from the \ izcaya. At
position No, 2 the Texas first went east a
half mile, swinging toward the harbor
then turning to the left she was a half
mile directly north of her ilrst position.
The lowa was a mile and four-tenths
from the Vizcaya. the Oregon being two
tenths of a mile behind the lowa, the In
diana three-tenths behind the lowa. The
Gloucester was one and seven-tenths
miles from the nearest Spanish vessel, the
°Pos?tioh No. 3, 10:15 a. m.-Marla Teresa
'turned to run ashore. She was five
and I a half . miles from seven-tenths
rs from the nearest Spanish vessel, the
osition No. 3. 10:15 a. m.-Maria Teresa
,.(1 to run ashore. Sho was five
a half miles from Morro. The
cav;i was two and three-tenths
miles* westward from the Teresa, the
Oauendo one and two-tenths miles and
the Colon one and four-tenths miles In
advance of the Teresa. The American
EMPEROR WILLIAM
VIEWING THE SIGHTS
With the Empress He Is Having a
Round of Pleasure in Turkey.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 20.-Emperor
William, accompanied by the Empress,
is engaged in a ceaseless round of sight
seeing.
The strictest police precautions are car
ried out to insur% his safety. To-day ho
decided to inspect the imperial car fac
tory at Heroka and was conveyed there
in a train of eight carriages built for the
occasion and luxuriously equipped All
the stations have been repaired and dec-
O1 At Heroka is a kiosk especially built
for the use of the Empress, where their
Majesties lunched, after which they re
turned to Constantionple by water.
Emperor William and the Sultan again
exchanged telegraphic felicitations.
Everywhere were great crowds, trium
phal arches festooned with German and
Turkish colors and bands playing the
German anthem.
FOR KILLING A CHINAMAN.
Harry Clark, a LO3 Angeles Youth,
on Trial for His Life.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 20.— Harry Clarß,
a young lad, was placed on trial for his
life this morning. He is accused of kill
ing Wong Sing Hay, a laundryman of
Garvanza, with a shotgun to secure the
few dollars he had in his pocket. Several
days after the crime Clark, who had dis
appeared, was found hiding In the cellar
vessels were as follows: The New York
having come within three miles of Morro,
being southeast of that point. The
.Brooklyn was two and a half miles south
and west of the Teresa and one and
three-tenths miles directly south of the
Colon, one and one-tenth miles and a lit
tle behind the Vizcaya, one and
three-tenths miles and a little in
advance of the Oquendo. The Texas
was one and two-tenths miles from and
behind the next Spanish ship, the Oquen
do. The lowa was one and one-tenth
miles from the Teresa and a little closer
in, but not as far west as the Texas. The
Oregon had pulled up and passed the
Texas and lowa, being a little further
inshore than the Texas and a little fur
ther out than the lowa. She was in ad
vance of the Teresa, being one and seven
tenths miles from that vessel, six-tenths
of a mile from and directly in line of
the Oquendo, seven-tenths of a mile from
the Colon and one and two-tenths miles
behind the Vizcaya. The Indiana was two
miles from the Texas and two and six
tenths miles from the Oquendo, the near
est Spanish vessel. The Gloucester had
moved up six-tenths of a mile and was
Just a mfle directly south of Morro.
Position No. 4,10:20 a. m.— Oquendo turned
to run ashore. Only five minutes elapsed
from position No. 3. All vessels had been
running westward without material
changes in their positions. The Colon had
run one and three-tenths miles, the Viz
caya about one-tenth of a mile less and
swerved to the left, bringing her to one
and one-tenth miles of the Brooklyn. The
lowa was the same distance, but directly
astern, and the Oregon was one and three
tenths miles from the Vizcaya, but fur
ther out to sea. The lowa, eight-tenths
of a mile from the Oquendo, had gone
nine-tenths miles from the same vessel,
and both seemed in advance of the
doomed Spanish ship. The Indiana had
advanced eight-tenths of a mile and was
two and six-tenths miles away from the
< ►quendo, the nearest Spanish ship. The
New York had advanced nearly a mile,
but was not yet abreast of Morro. The
Gloucester had run over two miles and
was northwest of Morro.
Position No. 5, 10:30 a. m.— Furor blew
up and Pluton turned to run ashore. This
is ten minutes later than position No. 4.
The Gloucester had run a little more than
two miles and was four-tenths of a mile
from the Furor and but little further
from the Pluton. The New York had run
two and two-tenths milus, and was three
and three-tenths miles from the Furor,
the nearest Spanish ship, and two and
two-tenths miles south and a little west
of Morro. The Colon had run two and
nine-tenths miles and the Vizcaya two
and seven-tenths miles. The Brooklyn
had run two and three-tenths miles, and
was one and two-tenths miles from the
Vizcaya, and one and six-tenths miles
from the Colon, which was running nearer
the shore. The Oregon had sailed two
und a half miles, and was one and one
half miles from the Vizcas'a and about
the Rame distance from the Colon. The
Texas was one and two-tenths miles
astern of the Oregon, two and four-tenths
miles from the Oregon. The Indiana was
one and one-half miles astern of the
Texas.
Position No. 6, 11:05 a. m.— Vizcaya
turned to run ashore. In the thirty-five
minutes the Vizcaya had sailed about Bix
miles and was off the mouth of the As
seradora River. The Colon had run live
and one-half miles further, and was more
than that distance in advance of the
Spanish vessels. The Brooklyn was one
and three-tenths miles distant from the
Vizcaya and slightly behind her. The
TeKBM was two and seven-tenths miles
from the Vizcaya and directly astern of
the Oregon. The lowa was three and
two-tenths miles directly astern of the
Vizcaya. The New York was five miles
behind the lowa. The Ericsson had kept
along- with the New York all the time,
and was, at this position, one-half a mile
in advance of her. The Indiana was near
ly four miles behind the lowa.
Position No. 7, 1:15 p. m.— The Colon sur
renders. In the two hours and ten min
utes from the last position given the ves
sels had coursed westward a great dis
tance. The Colon had run twenty-six and
a. half miles and was off Tarquiho River.
The Brooklyn was the nearest American
vessel. She had sailed twenty-eight and a
half miles, and was three and four-tenth
miles from the Colon. Tfie Oregon was
four and a half miles from the Colon and
more inshore than the Brooklyn. The
Te:.as was three and four-tenth miles be
hind the Oregon. The New York was nine
and a half miles from the Colon. None
of the other vessels had come up, save the
Vixen, which was abreast of the New
York. This little vessel at the beginning
of the fight steamed out to sea and sailed
westward on a course about two and a
quarter miles from that of the nearest
Spanish ship. The tracings of the charts
snow that the Spanish vessels sailed on
courses not more than three-tenths of a
mile apart until the Oquendo ran ashore.
Then the Vizcaya veered out to sea and
the Colon kept nearer the shore, their
courses being about seven-tenths of a mile
apart Up to the time the Oquendo went
ashore, the lowa, Indiana, Oregon ana
Texas sailed on courses within three
tenths of a mile of each other, the lowa
being the nearest and the Texas the far
thest from the Spanish vessels. Ihe
Brooklyn's course wa« from three-tenths
to one half of a mile outside that of the
Texas. The swing to the right which tne
Brooklyn mad*? with the beginning of tne
engagement shows an oval Tour-tenths of
a mile across. She crossed the courses of
the Texas, Oregon and Indiana twice
while making the turn, but before these
vessels had gone over them. The course
of the. New York after passing Morro was
nearer the shore than any other United
States vessel except the Gloucester, and
a mile behind where #he Oquendo turned
to run ashore she. passed inside the
courses of the Spanish ships. Ten miles
w. st of the Vizcaya disaster she crossed
the Colon's track, but followed very clnso
the course of the vessel until the latter
surrendered. The lowa, Indiana and Er
icsson did not go farther west than
where the Vizcaya ran ashore.
of a farm house near the scene of the
crime. The Chinese residents of this city
are stirred and will make a vigorous
prosecution.
New Comet Discovered.
GENEVA, N. V., Oct. 20.— Dr. William
R. Brooks, director of the Smith Observ
atory, discovered a new comet to-night.
Its position is right ascension 14 hours 33
minutes, declination north 60 degrees 26
minutes, motion southeasterly. The comet
is large, round and bright. This is the
twenty-first comet discovered by Dr.
Brooks.
Benefit Ball Game at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 20.— Santa Cruz and
San Jose played an unofficial game here
to-day for the benefit of the fund for
the family of Miles McDermott, the fire
man who lost his life at the Vendome
fire. San Jose won by a score of 6 to 2
ALICE RIX
Writes About
"THE K'NG OF
THE SLEUTHS"
in
NEXT SUNDAY'S
CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __________^_^—
©®©@©©@©©®©@©©@©©©®@©©®©g
Wwww Wwww wwww wWw'^ ••W w S
■Ed I y
Another Spanish Victory ! ! 1
. He's captured Battle Ax. ®
C You may be disappointed in war, in politics, or £
§ in business, but you will never be disappointed &
g PLUG ©
M It is the one chewing tobacco in the world that m
© is always the same good chew — and the largest 2
© piece at the lowest price. Try it to-day. • •
i Remember the name §
I v when you buy again. |
PRESIDENT
CHEERED TO
VERY LAST
Vast Crowds Witness
His Departure.
TAKES FAREWELL OF CHICAGO
McKINLEY'S MOST INTERESTING
ADDRESSES.
One to Ken Who Favor Interna
tional Arbitration and the
Second to Railro o^
Employes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20.— President Mc-
Kinley and the members of his party
left for Washington to-night. The
crowd that has followed him every
time he has appeared in public was
with him to the last, and it required
the efforts of 150 policemen to restrain
the throng which packed the depot to
suffocation. Just as the train pulled
out, the President appeared on the
platform of the last car and bowed re
peatedly as the crowd cheered him.
The President spent much of the day
in rest and receiving friends of the
family. There were more than the us
ual number of callers.
The banquet at the Auditorium the
nie-ht previous was not permitted to
disturb the habit of early rising which
he has so closely adhered to for years.
At 8 o'clock he breakfasted and then
kept open house for Captain McWil
liams' neighbors and friends until
luncheon hour.
Mrs. McKinley has patronized the ba
zaar given by the women of the Holy
Angels Catholic church by sending a
donation for the movement. The la
dies in charge of the bazaar, wishing
to show their appreciation of the act,
this morning sent a delegation to Mrs.
McKinley, presenting her with a beau
tiful Sevres vase. The ladies were pre
sented to the President and Mrs. Me-
Kinley by Mrs. McWllliams. ::.
After luncheon President McKinley
proceeded to the First Regiment arm
ory, shortly after 1 o'clock. From the
armory he went to the . Auditorium to
meet a number of friends, and while
there was presented with a memorial
in favor of international arbitration by
the Chicago committee on arbitration,
and after listening to the reading of the
memorial he said: . '
"I am Indeed very glad to meet this
representative delegation, and give you
the assurance that the subject of your
memorial shall enlist my early and ear
nest consideration. You. are doubtless
aware that I have informed- the Czar
of Russia that the United States will be
represented in the proposed congress of
peace. I suppose It might notbeinappro
priate, when we form our commission,
to constitute it generously from Chi
cago gentlemen, who are so thoroughly
Interested in the issue with which It
will deal But we will take that up
later. I don't want it to take any of
you by surprise." ,
During the remainder of the day he
rested at the Me Williams residence un
til it was, time for his train. ..:..
During the trip to Washington the
President will make stops and- deliver
speeches at Logan sport, Indianapolis,
Columbus and Pittsburgh. , . ■•■
At 1:30 p. m. the President was driven
to the First Regiment armory, where,
together with Mayor Harrison, he was
received by a large gathering of rail
road employes., After the reception the
President addressed the railroad men,
eliciting from , them . the * warmest . ap
plause. The railroad reception ;at * the
armory was President McKlnley's last
public appearance in * ■ Chicago § during
the Jubilee^ .wet weather haying neces
sltated the postponement of the bicycle
parade.
Judge Barton Paine was one of the
chief speakers at the meeting.
The armory was crowded when the
exercises were opened with prayer by
Dr. Emil G. Hirsch. Chairman J. H.
Walsh of the Brotherhood of Locomo
tive Engineers presided and delivered
the opening address. He introduced
Mayor Harrison, who delivered the ad
dress of welcome to President MeKin
ley. The President's response was lis
tened to attentively and frequently in
terrupted with applause. Following
President McKinley came Judge John
Barton Payne of Chicago. Other speak
ers on the programme were George R.
Peck, E. K. Clark of the Order of Rail
way Conductors, F. P. Sargent of tha
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen P.
H. Morrissey of the Brotherhood of
Railway Trainmen and P. A. Arthur of
the Brotherhood of Locomotive En
gineers.
An informal reception for the railway
men was held by the President after
the addresses. Mr. McKlnley was sta
tioned in an inclosure on the first bal
cony above the entrance, wjiere the
railway men filed by singly. As they
came up to the President, one by one,
their extended hands were grasped by
Mr. McKinley's. The men were all ad
mitted into the armory by ticket. The
distinguished guests from Washington
were present and composed the group
which surrounded the President on the
balcony.
President McKinley spoke as followi:
I count myself fortunate to have the
privilege of meeting with this great rail
way organization. I have had in the last
ten days many most pleasing and Interest
ing experiences as I have journeyed
through the country, but I assure jwu
that not one of them has given me greater
pleasure than to meet the women and men
connected with the great railroads of tha
country. (Applause.)
It is fortunate that this great body of
representative men and women has as
sembled in this c'*y at a time when tha
people were celebrating the suspension of
hostilities, with early nope of an honor
able, just and triumphant peace. Tha
railroad men of the country have always
been for the country. (Applause.) Tha
railroad men of the country have always
been for the flag of the country, and in
every crisis of our national history, in war
and in peace, the men of your great or
ganization have been loyal and faithiul
to every duty and obligation. Tours la
at once a profession of great risk and of
grave responsibility. I know of no occu
pation in the sphere of human endeavor
which carries with it greater obligations
or higher responsibilities than the profes
sion of railroad men.
You carry the commerce of the coun
try you carry the rich treasures of tha
country from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
and you carry daily and hourly tha
freightage of humanity; they trust to
you your integrity, to your intelligence
and' your fidelity for the safeguarding of
their" lives, and I congratulate the coun
try from the bottom of my heart that In
this great system so interwoven with tha
everyday life of the citizens of the re
public we have such splendid character
and such high intelligence.
I bring to you to-day not only my
good will, but I bring to you the good
will and respect of seventy millions of
American citizens. (Applause.) Tour
work is before a critical audience; you
go in and out every day before your
countrymen, and you have ever deserved
from your countrymen the unstinted
praise and approval of your fidelity to
the great interests you represent. The
virtue of the people lies at the founda
tion of the republic; the power of th%
people ie in the American fireside. Tha
virtue that comes out ©f the holy luster
of home is the most precious gift this
nation has, and when the words of the
people meet in the home of the people
it is a command to Congress and the ex
ecutive: it is a law of the republic.
1 thank you, my fellow citizens, for your
cordial greeting, and I congratulate yo»
on the evidences of returning prosperity
everywhere. (Great applause.) What yom
—what we all— want Is business prosper*
ity. When you have that you have some
thing to do; when you have it not, then
you are idle. There are few empties now
on the sidetrack. (Laughter and ap
plaumv) And there are few railroad men
not employed now. (Applause.) Tha
more you see the freight car the oftener
you see the pay car. (Applause.) I am
very glad to observe that the First Illi
nois Regiment is in your presence to-day
capplause)— that gallant regiment mad©
ui> of the volunteers from the homes of
Chicago, who took their lives into their
own hands and went to Santiago to fight
the battle of liberty against oppression. I
am glad to have this opportunity to meet
and greet them and to congratulate and
thank them in the name of the American
people. And now, having said this much,
I hope you know that I will carry from
this place, from this audience, from these
warm-hearted men and women, the pleas
antest memory of my long trip through
the West.
At the conclusion of President Me-
Kinley's remarks the audience broke
into wild cheers, which lasted fully five
minutes. The Presidential party then
left the hall.
Lan Maclaren'B New Love Story,
"Saved by Faith," will be published
in, aext Sunday** Cail t ~-'PLAYING FOR
THE SYMPATHY
OF EUROPE
Policy of Spaniards
at Paris.
THE CUBAN DEBT THE ISSUE
SPAIN'S ANSWER EXPECTED TO
SE UNSATISFACTORY.
Dons Will Pretend That They Are
Being Crushed by the Atti
tude of the United
States.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Oct. 20.— The critical point of
the negotiations between the United
States and Spain will be reached to
morrow, at the meeting of the Peace
Commission. Despite the arguments
which the Spanish delegates have ad
vanced in regard to the Cuban debt,
the position of the United States re
mains unchanged.
The answer of Spain was expected on
Wednesday, but the postponement un
til to-morrow gave the Madrid Govern
ment an opportunity to discusß the sit
uation. Its written reply to the con
ditions insisted upon by the Americans
is expected to be presented to-morrow.
It is known that while the United
States refuses to assume the obligations
of the Cuban debt or guarantee the
same, the bonds of the Cuban munici
palities will retain their validity.
Spain's answer is not expected to be
satisfactory.
The articles in the French press indi
cate that the policy on the part of
Spain is to seek to arouse the sympathy
of Europe on the ground that she is
being crushed by the United States' re
fusal to relieve her in any way of the
burden of the Cuban debt.
PITIFUL PLEA FOR
MERCY TO SPAIN
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Times says:
"I had a visit to-day from a gTeat
Spanish personage who seems to have
been commanded to ascertain the trend
of public opinion on the negotiations
here. He appeared much depressed. He
has found great and general sympathy
v.ith Spain, but was unable to discover
any possibility of obtaining moral sup
port against the American delegates,
■who are inflexible in their demands and
with much politeness of form ha^ye
hitherto categorically refused to make
the slightest concessions on any of the
instructions received by them, never
having asked their Government for the
FJlghfnst modifications.
"The intended sitting yesterday could
not be held because the Spaniards, in
view of the written replies made to
them, renounced their attempts at con
versation and asked forty-eight hours'
grace to consult their Government and
prepare a written rejoinder.
"The friend who called to tell me he
had found his countrymen much dis
couraged, being convinced that the
United States is bent on a rigorous ex
ercise of the rights of victor, remarked:
"I have heard that Prince Bismarck
once said to you: "When you have your
hand on the throat of a vanquished na
tion you can take from it all you like,
but you must always beware of abus
ing your victory and exaggerating your
conquests. Otherwise you load yourself
for many generations with a crushing
burden, which ends by havine the most
mischievous results for the victor — al
most more than for the vanquished." '
"My caller remarked:
" "TheAmericansare not adopting this
wise and humane view. They seem
bent on pushing the results of the war
to their extreme consequences. They
refuse to entertain any concession on
the Philippine question, and while de
clining to take any sovereignty in
Cuba, they maintain that the Cuban
debt is a Spanish debt, and that Spain
abused her sovereignty by saddling the
island with the Interest of a debt by
which she alone profited.
'• Vainly have we urged that they
themselves accepted financial obliga
tions toward England after the war of
Independence, that they accepted the
burdens of taxes after the conquest,
that there is no more general law than
the law of the obligations of a country
changing with its rulei%, and that it
would be an arbitrary course and a
vexatious precedent to throw the
Cuban debt upon us. It Is useless, and
they stand peremptorily on their de
mands.
" 'What our delegates should say to
them, if they persist, as it is to be
feared they will, Is this: "We are In
your hands. You are the victors. We
for once committed the folly of going
to war with you because you left us no
time to avoid it; because you treated
us in such a way that even at the risk
of suicide we were bound to plunge into
•war, although the result of it was evi
dent to us. But we will not commit
the fresh folly of recommencing war in
any form. We are, therefore, at your
mercy. We shall submit to your dic
tates and shall leave the world to Judge
of those dictates: but no human force
will compel us to subscribe to them,
and we shall not subscribe."
"'This Is what our delegates ought to
gay on this Cuban question. As for the
other points, they will wait to hear
what they are.' "
GOES OUT OF THE SERVICE.
Findings in the Mclntyre Court-
Martial Approved by Long.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— A dispatch to th«
Herald from Washington says: Secretary
Long has approved the findings of the
court which tried and sentenced Chap
lain J. P. Mclntyre to dismissal from the
naval service for criticisms he made of
the conduct of Rear Admiral Sampson
and Captain R. D. Evane.
Special Bate for Soldiers.
TOPEKA, Kan.. Oct. 20.— The Santa Fe
has announced that it will make a spe
cial rate for Uncle Sam's soldiers, regu
lars as well as volunteers, going home or
elsewhere on sick leave, furlough or after
discharge. The rate between Missouri
River points and San Francisco will be $25
for second-rla,«s and $30 for first-class
tickets. The.se rates are also made avail
able for disabled volunteer soldiers, In
mates of soldiers' homes.
Death of General Roberts.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 20.— Brigadier
General Joseph Roberts is dead at his
home in this city, aged 84 years.
The Trade of the Pacific and Its
New Opportunities, In next Sunday's
Call- ■ ; : , \ '  ....
KINGDOM OF THE
PRINCE OF PEACE
Episcopalians Write to
the Czar.
APPROVE OF DISARMAMENT
URGE USE OF INTERNATIONAL
ARBITRATION.
Rev. W. H. Moreland of San Fran
cisco Among the Missionary
Bishops Chosen by the
Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— At the
meeting of the House of Deputies of
the Episcopal convention to-day the
following letter to the Czar of Russia
was agreed upon:
To his Majesty the Czar of Russia: The
General Convention of the Protestant
Episcopal Church, composed of Bishops,
clergymen and laymen, haib* with joy tne
great peace manifesto which your Majesty
has issued. We earnestly hope that the
conference may result in a reduction of
the excessive armaments which are a bur
den on the people and in the establish
ment of Forae method of judicial arbitra
tion for the settlement of International
difficulties by which may be preserved the
I principles of equity and right whereon
rest the security of states and the welfare
Majesty"? appeal to international
discussion will stimulate the consciences
of civilized nations and the inauguration
of this noble movement may well be con
sidered a happy presage for the century
which is about to open and mark an epoch
In the progres of the world. We earnestly
I invoke upon it the blessing of Almighty
' God and pray that it may help greatly to
hasten the coming of the kingdom of the
Prince of Peace on earth.
The letter was agreed to by a vote
of 270 to 41.
Rev. B. W. R. Taylor of Los Angeles
said that, in view of the action relative
to the Czar of Russia, it was eminently
proper that the house adopt the pend
ing resolution expressing thanks to
Great Britain for the sympathy shown
toward the United States during the
recent war with Spain.
The resolution was then adopted. It
was as follows:
Resolved, That this General Convention
of the Protestant Episcopal Church of
the United States places on record its
sense of deep gratification at the many
I manifestations of friendly feeling to our
nation which have been so freely and cor
dially shown by the Government and em
pire of Great Britain during our late war
with Spain, and express the sincere hope
that the time may speedily arrive when |
these two great nations of the Anglo- I
Saxon family— the United States of
America and the British empire— shall
stand together in defense of the rights i
and liberties of mankind and for the pro- |
motion of Christian civilization among
the nations o$ the earth.
The House of Bishops to-day selected
the following missionary Bishops: For
Boise, Idaho, Rev. J. B. Funston of
Portsmouth, Va.; for Sacramento, Cal.,
Rev. W. H. Moreland of San Francisco;
North Dakota, Rev. S. D. Edsall of Chi
cago; for Presiding Bishop of Brazil,
Rev. L. L. Kinsolving of Virginia.
On the invitation of the presiding
officer the Dean of Berford addressed
the convention and expressed his hearty
thanks, as an Englishman, and for his
country, for the cordial resolution just
adopted. He rejoiced at the friendly
feeling between the two great nations.
It tended to no warlike alliance, he
said, but to that natural union between
those of common tongue and religion.
Instead of meaning war the alliance of
the two nations would do more for
i peace, the Dean said, than any other
j movement of nations.
By unanimous rote the House adopt
|ed a resolution fixing Tuesday next,
October 25, as a day for final adjourn
i ment.
The report to the House of Deputies
of the committee on the state of the
church presented a comprehensive sur
vey of the work of the last three years.
The total contributions of the last three ,
years for all purposes reached $31,541,- ;
I 178. There has been an increase of |
bishops from seventy to eighty-three, j
of clergymen from 4022 to 4380. The
number of baptisms has been 192,725;
confirmations, 134,741; communicants,
681,645. The present church sittings are
At the afternoon session the Bishops
concurred In the resolution for final ad
journment on October 25. They con
curred also In the letter to the Czar of
Russia relative to his peace conference
and in the resolution expressing ap
preciation for the sympathetic course
of Great Britain during the recent war.
The appointment of Rev. W. H.
Moreland of this city as missionary
Bishop for Sacramento will necessitate
his removal from San Francisco, where
he is at present rector of St. Luke's
Episcopal Church. He has occupied
the pulpit here for over five years, and
during his faithful labors has built up
one of the largest congregations in the
city. The honor bestowed upon him
may be said to have been well earned,
and while his congregation regrets that
his connection with St. Luke's has been
severed, it Is happy over his promo
tion.,
MESSAGES FROM SEA
BY CARRIER PIGEONS
Captain Renaud of the French Army
Comes Over to Establish a
Transatlantic Service.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Welcome mes
sages will soon be flying home to anxious
friends from the big-trans- Atlantic steam
ships by means of trained pigeons. Cap
tain Gabriel Renaud, a French cavalry
officer, has arrived In New York for the
purpose of establishing a carrier pigeon
service on the French line steamships
this side of the Atlantic, such as has
been completed since last June on the
French side. As the captain nays, this
carrier pigeon service has two purposes.
There 1b a humanitarian one of allaying
the anxiety of waiting friends and rela
tives by sending messages from delayed
or disabled steamships. Then also pas
sengers can communicate with loved
oneß before their vessel arrives in port.
Captain Renaud has made a study of
carrier pigeons for many years. He Is
the author of several articles on the
I adaptability of trained birds submitted to
I the French Academy of Sciences, and or
! ganized last year a carrier pigeon ser-
I vice for the French army.
TO PREVENT SCALPING.
Seven Railroads Petition for an In-
junction at Chicago.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20.— The flght between
the railroads and the ticket brokers, re-
Bulting from the efforts of the former to
prevent the scalping of tickets by the lat
ter, has oeen taken Into court. Seven
railroads to-day petitioned for an injunc
tion restraining the sale by the brokers
of excursion tickets, issued by the rail
roads on account of the Peace Jubilee In
this city. k „
The petitions were presented to Master
in Chancery Learning and upon his rec
ommendation a temporary restraining or
der was issued by Judge Smith. Owing to
delay in securing the necessary- bond, ser
vice on the order will be made to-mor
row morning. The brokers against whom
the injunction is levied number thirty
two and include nearly all the down town
ticket scalpers.
Prominent aotors tell their best
stories, in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
REV. W. H. MORELAND, NEWLY ELECTED MISSIONARY
BISHOP FOR SACRAMENTO.
NO BUTTLE WITH
INSURGENT NAVY
Spanish Rumor Excites
Ridicule.
FILIPINOS HAVE NO NAVY
DEWEY FAILS TO MENTION
THE INCIDENT.
General Otis Cables to the War
Department as to Conditions
at Manila and Health
of His Troops.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
MANILA, Oct. 20. — Reports have
reached here of a terrible state of an
archy in the Southern Philippines. The
Spaniards there are cooped up in the
principal towns. The Americans con
tinue capturing the rebel vessels as
they arrive at Cavlte. Two have been
captured this week.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— The sensa
tional Spanish report of a naval bat
tle between Admiral Dewey's vessels
and the insurgent navy in the Philip
pines is received with absolute incredul
ity in both the Navy and War depart
ments. If there has been any recent
action Admiral Dewey has failed to
mention it, and neither General Otis
nor United States Consul Wildman have
regarded it as worthy of notice.
It is believed at the Navy Depart
ment that the Spanish authorities re
fer to the seizure of the little steamer
Abbey by the McCulloch on September
23 last. The steamer was of American
register, though formerly known as the
Pasig. It was reported to Admiral
Dewey that she was bringing arms
and supplies of war to the Insurgents.
He sent the McCulloch to stop this
movement, but when the cutter found
the Abbey in Batansas Bay the vessel
had landed her cargo of arms and the
insurgents refused to give them up.
Thereupon the Abbey was seized and
taken by the McCulloch to Manila.
This affair could not be dignified with
the name of a naval engagement, and
Admiral Dewey in reporting the seizure
to the Navy . Department made little
°Vt t 'is just possible that there have
been some similar incidents not deemed
worthy of report in the islands of Cebu
The War Department to-day posted
the following bulletin:
Under date of yesterday General Otis
cabled the War Department:
"The situation in Luzon somewhat
improved. The influence of Filipinos of
education and property not desiring in
dependent government, but hostile to
Spain is gaining the ascendency In the
revolutionary councils. Am promising
nothing but am enforcing the law. The
complications seriously affect inter
island commerce and diminish revenue.
Affairs are progressing favorably,
though the sick report Is increasing,
owing mostly to the carelessness of en
listed men. The health' of the officers
is good. The condition of the city and
facilities for quartering troops are im
proving. Fever is decreasing. Intes
tinal troubles are about the same.
There are many slight ailments. Small
pox has apparently been arrested. Dur
ing the month twenty-eight deaths oc
curred, eight from smallpox, eight from
typhoid fever, five from malarial and
intestinal complaints and three from
fl.ccldftnt "
LONDON, Oct. 21.— Eastern Tele
graph Company says there is no foun
dation in the report circulated in the
United States that the cable between
Hongkong and Manila has been cut by
Admiral Dewey.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
There Is a Prospect That the War
Claim of California Will
Soon Be Paid.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— General Bar
rett had a hearing yesterday and to-day,
with the Auditor of the War Department
on the war claim of California. General
Barrett and his private secretary, Colo
nel Burgln, were received very cordially
by Auditor Brown, who showed every
courtesy possible. No time was wasted,
and the party proceeded immediately to
examine the claim and see If there were
any paragraphs that needed explanation.
As far as Auditor Brown could see there
Is no reason why the claim should take
long to audit, as every cent seemed to
him to have been accounted for. The j
claim has been handed over to the chief
of the claims division, and It will prob
ably take his department about five days
to go over It and then the exact amount
that is due California from the Govern
ment will be known. General Barrett is
working hard to have the claim fixed as
soon as possible, as the State of Califor
nia needs the money to equip the new Na
tional Guard.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: Hugh P. McVeigh.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $10: Morris
B. Wiley, Auburn, $6; Joseph Millburn,
Colusa. $6: Robert Adam, San Francisco,
$6. Additional: Charles T. Suppen, Santa
Cruz, $8 to $10.
Oregon— Original: Random A. Bartlett,
Eugene, $8; William H. H. Miller, Eu
gene, $6; Elijah Harlan, Drain, $8
Washington— Original: Morris M. Wll
ley, Wallace, $6. Restoration and in
crease: John H. Brockman, Deadrock
Ford. $6 to $10.
Private Charles Van Houten, Troop B,
Fourth United States Cavalry, now at
the Presidio, is upon his own application
transferred to Company M, Twenty-third
Infantry, and will be sent to the station
of that company at San Francisco.
First Lieutenant Herbert N. Royden,
Twenty-third United States Infantry,
now at Manila, is detailed for duty on
general recruiting service and will pro
ceed to Providence. R. 1., to take charge
of the recruiting station In that city. He
1b appointed acting quartermaster while
on recruiting duty.
First Lieutenant Bryan Conrad, First
Montana Volunteer Infantry, now at Ma
nila, is honorably discharged the service
as f=uch on tender of resignation by rea-
Bon of his acceptance of the appointment
as second lieutenant of Infantry of the
United States army.
Second Lieutenant Thomas K. Rickey,
Twentieth Kansas Volunteer Infantry,
now at Manila, has been honorably dis
charged from the service of the United
States.
Passed Assistant Engineer M. O. Kas
non. now stationed at Mare Island Navy
yard, haa been honorably discharged from
the service of the United States.
DREYFUS SAID TO
BE ALREADY IN PARIS
An Evening Paper Announces That
He Was Secretly Taken to
Mont Valerien Fortress.
PARIS, Oct. 20.— An evening newspaper
announces that Captain Dreyfus is al
ready In Paris and is now confined in the
fortress at Mont Valerien, to which he
was secretly brought.
♦
SUNK IN THE HARBOR.
The Tag L. P. Smith in Collision
With a Steamer.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 20.— The big tug L.
P Smith was sunk in the harbor entrance
to-day as a result of a collision with the
steamer Olympia. The fireman went down
with the tug and was drowned. The
Olympia is uninjured.
C. McCarthy, the drowned fireman, was
formerly a member of the crew of the
cruiser Columbia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have You Got VARICOCELE?
%£-/ It
DR, ELECTRIC BELT WILL CURE YOU
CURED OP VARICOCELE IN TWO MONTHS.
': r :'i :,':'-)' T; LITTLE SHASTA, cat* ■
DR. SANDEN: As I have been advising my friends to try your famous Belt I wish
to tell you my experience. It has cured me of a very bad case of Varicocele as well
as very weak vital system. I was so badly ' run down • and had a : large swelling on the
left side. My strength was gradually leaving me, : and '-, I felt that • I wduld die If 1
didn't get help. I was advised to try your Belt, ' and ■ got . one. ;It helped me at once
and In thirty days I was greatly Improved. My friends remarked at -my . increase In
weight. In two months the Varicocele was all gone, and I was as ■ strong as » ever ' : I
have been all right since. r* It also cured my brother of sciatic rheumatism. ■ ' Your*
truly..,,-';;v  ;-.- : :,--. \:\l~:.'.' :'■""■. .-. : .-;:•. ,■' ; C. H. GLASEK.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt •; is an absolute core -for Varfoooele.'-' ' It overcomes the
disease in a simple, scientific manner. ; . ■
. It has thousands of other cures. They are reported dally. It cures all weakness
In men. If you are troubled with .weakness in : any way, call and examine this won- :
derful • Belt, -a Test the powerful - curreht It gives and see how easily regulated It Is : s
Don't be Ignorant of a remedy which may : correct' all ; your past mistakes j and assure '
your future happiness. ; Don't delay; act now. Oet the •> book, "Three -i Classes -of '?•"
Men,"- devoted, to the weaknesses of men, tills the cause of early decay in young and
mlddle-«ged men. - . It shows how Electricity, properly applied, .will ."• restore ' this ■
power, and gives the proof. ■ It Is free upon application. .-• A , call - preferred.
dr. A.T. : SANDEN, ''»' "'•■'■"-'. '" -.CC:. •'.:'".:".•» :
t«t Must Mmt, Cotwr Cstny. B*a r»n.i. H . . NOT IN DRUG STORES,
i flee hours, Ba.m.to I p. m.j Sunday*. W ■ ■"ji^> - K^'.i'v*: : >!
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, CaL, 83 J. Wot **• Sandan's Electric Belt
Second street; Portland. Or., 25J Washington Is . never , sold In drug stores
street; Denver, v Colo., 981 Sixteenth street; • nor by traveling agents; "only
Dallas. Tex.. SB5 Main street Butte, Moat., '.'■■■ . at our office. ;
110 North Main street. . \ - ;- : -.;..-- - . j^_L— ____ ." " ' ' ' " *'-
•- ■• /;,:-u-.. <::„,.■:; .-.•t. < > -.-.-., -■ •; .- r saBHBBBKS^SSfi' • *■[■■:
DISASTER ON
THE TORPEDO
BOAT DAVIS
Seven" Men Meet a
Horrible Death.
TUBES OF A BOILER EXPLODE
I WHILE UNDERGOING FINAL
TRIAL TRIP.
Victims Engulfed in Flames, Steam
and Boiling Water — Several
Others Injured, but Not
Seriously.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA Or., Oct. 20.— At 11:30 this
morning, twenty-five mil— above this
city, on the Columbia River, an acci
dent happened on the torpedo boat
Davis, at the time in charge of the Gov
ernment official trial board, undergoing
her final trial trip. The boat was
steaming along at fully twenty-eight
miles an hour, when some of the tubes
in the after end of the forward boiler
suddenly exploded. The escaping
steam and water blew open the furnace
doors, and instantly filled the fire room
with flames, steam and boiling water.
Seven men in the room at the time were
so seriously scalded that all subse
quently died.
As quickly as possible the boat was
stopped, the hatch opened and the men
lifted upon the upper deck. Within a
few minutes two of them, in spite of
the care of a surgeon on board, died.
The boat was taken in tow by a rivei
tug, which happened to be in the vi
cinity, and brought to this city. On
reaching the dock here the third man
died, and the others were at once re
moved to the hospital, where they ex
pired late to-night.
The names of the dead are:
CHARLES O'NEILL, fireman.
PAUL LUITHLE, coal passer.
HARRY WOODS, fireman.
W. WOODS, superintendent of the
boiler-room.
J. RYAN, fireman.
A. JOHNSON, fireman.
A. BUEHLE, fireman.
All were residents of Portland.
Other members of the crew were also
injured, but none seriously.
The Davis was built by the firm of
Wolff & Zwicker, Portland, and on sev
eral preliminary trips has worked sat
isfactorily. She left Portland this
morning on her last official trial, and
would in all probability have been ac
cepted by the Government on reaching
this city.
The theory advanced by some of the
crew for the explosion is that the au
tomatic water-gauge failed to work
properly, and the water ran down too
low in the boiler.
The Davis left for the shipyard in
Portland to-night In toiv of a tug. and
aside from the damnpe in her fire-room
is in perfect condition.
AWFUL TYPHOONS AND
FLOODS IN THE ORIENT
Thousands of Lives Lost, Hundreds
of Villages Swept Away and
Scores of Shipwrecks.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Oct. 20.—Disas
trous typhoons, sandstorms and floods
have caused a fearful loss of life and
property in the Orient. In the district
watered by the river Feng, in Japan,
hundreds of villages have been swept
away and 2000 people have been drowned.
Another report says that 260 towns are
under water. Thousands of refugees are
Hocking to the cities. The Ishlkari River
has also overflowed, drowning over 1000
people. Seven prefectures were de
stroyed.
In a terrible typhoon off Formosa, hap
pening the same tlm<=> as the floods, groat
damage to shipping was done. At Temani
eight junks were wrecked and a hundred
lives lost. Twelve junks were driven to
sea and lost. The steamer Rensi Maru
was piled upon the shore.
Among the ships wrecked was the
American bark Comet. The ship was
abandoned and the crew was saved. The
French steamer Holhow is wrecked on
the beach near Amoy. The German
steamer Trinidad, formerly of the Cunard
line was abandoned In the open sea-
Homeward-bound passengers state that
they passed through twenty miles of
abandoned wrecks, chiefly Chinese junks.
The loss of life must have been enormous.
It Wears Out a Man's Life-
It Ruins Vitality and De-
stroys Ambition,
V&rlcocele is an enlargement of
the veins, a clogging of the circu-
lation. It comes from excesses,
from injury, from strain and from
freat weakness of th« vital parts,
t causes
Dragging Pains in the Baok, Pains in
the Groin and Abdomen, General
Weakness and Lassitude, and Early
Destruction of Vitality.
Men of forty feel like sixty when
they have Varlcocele. It kills all
ambition anil makes young men feel
that the brightness has gone out
of life. It ie a secret drain that
eate up manl'- strength as surely
as does consumption. Have you
got it? If so,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
~ : -.- j y-";'\-j "-:■"■ ; :r~^
•f o<S>o<S>o4>o<S>o^o-^o<S>o^o^'o<S>o<s>o^o^>
o m °" ■ *v p _l", : '*_ O
! JUST RECEIVED ! I
% The First Large Shipment of Our <$>
% Celebrated %
I ' LADIES' I
! LIFE-SAYING |
I SHOES. I
0 * %
<$> • o
1 We Ordered f
O 200 cases of these shoes and o
<«> now find we have twice too <$>
O many. But we know how to o
<$> dispose of them. The regular <♦>
O price Is $5, but with this enor- O
<$> mous stock on hand we will <$>
O mark them down to . O
I $3.50 per pair, |
§ These Shoes |
f. Are made of the finest quality X
X French kid, welted sewed Boles, o
X stitched edges., The soles are <«>
¥> thick and soft. After wearing o
0 them a few days they will be <$>
X easy as a turn sole. All styles, o
X All sizes. Lace and button. <$>
1 -•••■■•■ I
IWe Will Sell You §
<$> A regular French Kid Lace Shoe, <$>
O welted sewed soles, stitched o
<$> edges, . coin toe, patent-leather <$>
O tips, at O
! $2.50 per pair. §
<*> The best value for the money «»
O in America. X
<$> • - - $
O ■ O
O IF EITHER OP- THE ABOVE ARE %
<S> NOT AS REPRESENTED. RETURN <$>
O THEM AT OUR EXPENSE. £
♦ WE HAVE JUST ISSUED |
:|| 100,000 CATALOGUES. |
'*' Send us your address on a postal 9
£ and we will send a Catalogue that q
0 you may nave $10 to $20 by order- <$>
■$• ln_> your Shoes from our house. O
I NOLANBROS. I
; llUJJilll UJAUUi ♦
1 PHELAN BUILDING, %
o 812-814 Market Street, San Fracoisoo. „ 6
<$> ♦
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
THE INAUGURATION of the New Building
Will Take Place
SATURDAY - - Oct. 22,
At 2 P. M.
The Public Is Cordially Invited.
Take Ellis or Halght street cars and transfer
at Masonic avenue for Affiliated Colleges
Buildings, south of Golden Gate Park.
NOTICE !
Taxes Doe Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATE OF
California. Sacramento. October 12. 1898.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
3668 of the Political Code, notice is hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Du-
plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway
-Assessments," containing the .assessments
upon • the propert" of each of the f ollowlng-
" named associations or ; corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of . Equalization, for
the year 1833. to wit: .
California Pacific Railroad Company, Central
- Pacific . Railroad Company,' Northern Califor-
nia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South r«plfic Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern ' California Motor Road Company.
San ■ Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, ' Santa Fe Pacific Ra.iroad • Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway,
Company. Nevada County Narrow Gauge
Railroad Company, Carson' and Colorado
Railroad Company, Nevada-Call fornia-Oregon
Railway Company. Pajaro Valley Consoli-
dated Railroad Company, Pacific Coast Rail-
way Company, Alamcda and San v Joaquln
Railroad Company, Uualala River r Railroad
Company. California and Nevada Railroad
Company, . Sierra Railway Company, of Cali-
fornia, Sierra Valleys Railway Com. any, San
'Francisco and San Mateo 'Electric Hallway
Company and Pullman's. Palace Car Com-
pany. :':■:'- '." ' ■■-'''' ' ■-• £■■"*■> -.' .' •■!;■'-■
The State and County taxes on all personal
property, ' and one-half of the . State and
county taxes -on all real property, t are now
due and payable and will b-» delinquent on
the last Monday in November next, at Biz
clock ■p. ■ m., and . unless paid ' to the . State
Treasurer ■at the . Capitol : prior thereto, five
• ' per . cent ; will be added 'to - amount . thereof
and unless so paid on or before the last Mon-
day in April next, at six o nock p. m.. an
' additional five per cent will be added to the
■ amount thereof. ■■• ■'»->"■ •
The >■ remaining one-half of ■ State and •■ county
taxes on all. real uroperty will be. due and
payable • after the first Monday In Janu-
ary -next, and > will be. delinquent on 1 the
last Monday <In April next at ; six : o'clock
: p. m.. and • unless - paid to : ■ the " State
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, . five
' per cent will be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
- Jt>_tf-E3_S-fcti&if*-f ■ **'& <5 Is . non-pofseaooi
it&t&tiaSP " >li %t4''a remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Jfß^rc.inr.b^Bß Gleet, Spsrma torrhaa,
_HHTjg i to 6 dtji.^H Whi tos, . n n n a t v r - 1 dls-
JUMP Gn»r»ntMd f| charges, or »ny inflamma-
jFSbV not to itilctara. tion, irritation or nlcera-
|*"«^Fr<!Tenu eaaujioa. tion of mucous mem-
lffSVHeEv«!lsCHEMiff*iflo. bran ' g - Kon-astrineent,
WaLc!NGIHN*T!.O H3g| *<> !d by OrußTiM*,
vi^k. V. 8.1 2aSf or s ' nt ' n P' a ' wrapper,
!W^. '' ' J_4OHH bJ" e*pre»s, prepaid, tot
V^-My^l 1 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles. ii.7&.
'a^^BSS^^V' ■ Circular Met on nicest.
T> TT 11 17 C OR BARBERS. B AX.
Oil U ijflijlJ cr8 > bootblacks. bath-
WIIUW"-'-' - houses. ■- billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- maker?). . nners. :
dyers. flourmUla, '• foundries. _ laundno*. paper- ;
; hanger*. ' printers, painters. .--.-; sho« '„-, factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, : etc -
™V BUCHANAN BROS., V
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento Sfc
I ■' ' : . \Ai. X. HBSS, " '••■■
| ,: ITOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
. Tenth ■ Floor, : Hoom 1015, Claus : S- !~ \ : icels " Bldg. '
- ' - Telephone Brown SSL'* : '*■
■ Residence. S2l California St.. below Powell,
San; Francisco. i-^.^v-.V's'V-l- 1 ■'■>"■*■: V oV'V' - ■•-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS/ THB
. [.great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual- organs. = Depot, . 523 Market.
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
GAGE and NEFF
Hob. J. Wade HcDoaald
THE BRILLIANT ORATOR FROM
THE SOUTH.
WILL DISCUSS THE ISSUES
■::. —^AT —
ODD FELLOWS' HALL,
Corner Seventh and Market Sts..
THIS
(FRIDAY)
EVENING.
!—! — ■ .
--• ■ i
CO AND HE HIM.
FRANK Mclaughlin.
Chairman Republican State Central Committee.
E. C. HART, Secretary. .
REPUBLICAN
District Meetings !
TO=NIGHT!
HON. D. E. McKINLAY,
HON. JULIUS KAHN,
HON. C. L. PATTON,
HON. W. F. FITZGERALD,
I HON. D. J. MURPHY
AND OTHER SPEAKERS AT . '
B»INA.I B RITH HALL,
EDDY ST.. BETWEEN i MASON AND TAT-
LOR, AND AT
IR\/lING HALL,
CORNER VALENCIA AND HILL STS.
DEMOCRATIC
i DISTRICTJEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL ADDRESS ' THE VOTERS ON THE
ISSUES OF THE DAY ON
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21,
AT
Thirty-sixth, Rolando Hall, Twenty-eighth
and Church.
Thirty-ninth, Saratoga Hall. Geary near l*r-
Tnirty-seventh, Mowry's Hall, Grove and La-
guna.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M JASPER MCDONALD, Chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH, Secretary.
FOR
MAYORS
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN
■:.■•/- NOMINEE.
- — .-•....••...-• ~~~ " : ~~~
FOR. . .
PUBLIC. .
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FEEESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
• (PRESENT INCUMBENT),
REPUBLICAN. NON-PARTISAN AKD POP-
;;';■. ■:., ■,;-.... ULIST NOMINEE.
W W f FOR
W M jf COUNTY CLERK,
WFOR
COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
f * REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
■.•-•.;•;-■ . .■■--■-.-.■ ■ . - '. -■• -._
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .<
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
, REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL
FOR OORONER
.' AND THE : DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED. ' .
sapenofcoVt.. 8 RHODES BOnUlirl
,_.- (incumbent.) ■'-
DEMOCRAT^ non^partisa^ and peg.
FOR AUDITOR. .it-
JOHN H.GR/\DV r
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC -AirD. PEOPLE'S
':■•-,■■" PARTY -NOMINEE. S-~h\ - v ':
DR. ED. E. HILL
For ; CORONER. -
• REGULAR ' DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
TT " :■■-'.- - PARTY- NOMINEE. ;\ : ; .
56
FRIDAY OCTOBER 21, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. 3. F.
Telephone Main 18SS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers, In tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mall (6 per year; per montfc
68 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Bnlldln*
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfi*« Houss
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto BuHdlnft
C. GEORGE KHOGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:50 o'clocK- 587 Hayes street, open until
9:50 o'clocß. 621 AAoAHlster street, open until 9:30
o"clock- 65 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'cfocK
1941 Mission street, open until 10 oclccK- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventlj
street, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clocK-
Baldwin— "Love In Harness."
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Wave*.**
Alcazar— "The Wife."
Morosco's — "Straight From the Heart."
Tivoli— "The Circus Queen."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater— "Where's Matilda?"
The Chutes— Lillian Stewart. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Concert.
Olyirpia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Ingleslde Coursing Park-Coursing Saturday and Sunday.
Metropolitan Temple— Concert Thursday Evening, October 27.
Odd Fellows' Hail— Masquerade Ball. Saturday, October 22.
Eutro's Baths— Swimming.
Rosenthal— Coming In February.
STRIKE TH.EM fJLL DOWN.
IN his concurring opinion in the case of Fitch vs.
the Board of Supervisors, decided by the Supreme
Court at Los Angeles on Monday, Justice Garoutte
calls attention to one of the contentions of the
plaintiff in a way that is striking as well as illumin
ating.
According to the act under which Fitch brought
his suit to oust the Supervisors he says: "Non
performance of the official duty of fixing water rates
in the month of February is declared to be malfeas
ance in office." In following the act the trial court,
therefore,, substantially impeached the entire board,
since its judgment went to the removal of all its mem
bers for malfeasance.
In short, he declares that the statute of March 7,
1881, provides for the punishment of innocent as well
as guilty Supervisors — in other words, the impeach
ment and removal of those who honestly endeavor to
fix rates in February as well as those who, being in a
majority, refuse to fix them in that month.
Justice Garoutte also directs attention to the fact
that Judge Wallace declares in his findings that some
of the Supervisors are innocent, and yet he enters a
decree removing them from office. The learned Jus
tice regards this interpretation of the law as mon
strous, and says:
The Legislature has no power to pass an act vis
iting these serious consequences upon innocent men,
and, as a necessary result, any act attempting to
enforce such a power Is unconstitutional. A de»
termination as to the exact limits of the power of
the Legislature in declaring what acts of the indi
vidual shall constitute a crime is an interesting and
possibly difficult question, considered in the light of
the constitution. But there Is no difficulty in de
claring, in the light of the constitution, that a Leg
islature has no power to say that one man wholly
innocent is guilty of crime and shall be punished
because another man fails to perform his official
duty. The power of the Legislature reaches no such
limit. It cannot be done under our form of govern
ment. I shall not concern myself in pointing out the
particular provision of the constitution forbidding it.
I find it between the lines. The whole spirit of the
instrument denies the right to do it.
We agree with Justice Garoutte that the whole doc
trine is infamous. Moreover, we are willing to add
what was evidently in the mind of the jurist, that the
men who conceived and executed the doctrine, giving
to it the authority of judicial decision, are infamous
men and unfit for American citizenship.
Some of them are running for office at the present
moment in this city. The people should ascertain
their names and repudiate them. Mayor Phelan
headed this entire conspiracy against American lib
erty and should be rebuked first. A man who attempts
to establish such a doctrine has no place in the gov
ernment and should not be permitted to exercise
power of any kind. He is unfit to hold the office of
poundkeeper.
AN INSULT TO CITIZENS.
WHAT do the residents and voters in the Third,
Fifth, Seventh, Ninth and Tenth wards think
of Mr. Phelan's assertion that no man among
them is qualified to be a Supervisor? What do they
think of his acts and advice by which each of these
wards has been colonized with a candidate of his
selection? How do they receive his "holier than
thou" suggestion of their universal unfitness to hold
a public office? How will they vote on election day
with the sting of this insult still hot upon their faces
and burning in their hearts?
Mr. Phelan declares that his committee on nomina
tion reported to his Committee of One Hundred that
"suitable" men could not be found in any one of
these wards for the office of Supervisor. What does
Mr. Phelan mean by "suitable men"? Does he mean
honest men? Surely there must be one honest man in
these five wards. Docs he mean capable men? Surely
in this large section of our city there is one man at
least both honest and capable enough to be a Super
visor. What, then, does Mr. Phelan mean by the
term "suitable men"? Perhaps he means "service
able men." If so, it is quite probable that Mr. Phelan
was not able to pick out any of his sort of "service
able man" in any of those five wards. But even
that should not have tempted him to commit the mis
demeanor of inducing five other men to commit a
wrong.
Chief Surgeon Huidekeper of the volunteers has
been honorably discharged. There will be no ob
jection. He is said to be a good horse doctor, and
that is an honorable calling.
Indictment of the manager of a matrimonial bureau
merely means the extension to him of an opportunity
to jump bail.
When Democrats "get together" the one nearest
the door will be wise to put his head out and yell for
the police.
When Mayor Phelan talked over the telephone to
the Mayor of Portland, he did not tell him a word of
what he knew concerning the subject of colonization.
MR. HEARST fIND HIS POPER.
*#Jtf'r:~' -V)"-'- —
IT is not pleasant to have to pause in the dignified
and proper discussion of public issues to respond
to the provocation offered by a coward without
character, a cur with none of the instincts which make
even curs worth the tax and the collar which keep
them out of the pound.
Mr. Hearst has chosen to conduct this campaign
with mud which he flings at persons rather than to
discuss principles and apply policies.
Therefore it becomes necessary to recall the offen
sive personality of this man, who was so long a
fugitive, to the attention of the people of this city,
from the midst of whom he fled, and to which for
years he dare not return, while the courts waited to
get jurisdiction of him to punish his offenses against
decency.
From the beginning of his newspaper career Hearst
was a blackmailer. The tendency was as marked as if
inherited. He haggled for a price on his silence as
shamelessly as a thief bulling the value of stolen goods
at the pawnbroker's.
His paper has for years professed anti-railroad sen
timents, and yet whenever it nrght have been for
midable to the railroad its silence has been offered at
a price.
When the Pattison Commission was here in 1887
probing into Southern Pacific affairs there was an op
portunity for the Examiner to make good its anti
railroad pretenses. But it sold its forbearance, pock
eted its price and maintained an innocuous attitude
until the commission was gone.
Hearst's $30,000 contract with the Southern Pacific
is notorious history. He entered into a written treaty,
which he signed, a copy of which is in existence, to
give the Southern Pacific "fair treatment" for the
period of thirty months, covering two sessions of the
Legislature. The verbiage of the treaty completely
reveals the threat by which he forced the corporation
into it. If it would not be blackmailed into buying
fair treatment of this perverted fellow, the publicity
at his command in his paper would be used in treat
ing it unfairly. No fact that can be brought to the
attention of men is more firmly established than this
blackmailing treaty. The advertising contract which
cloaked it, and which referred to it as a condition of
the superimposed contract, was hypothecated at a
bank and was paid to within $8000 of the $30,000 it
called for, when the Southern Pacific stopped pay
ment because Hearst had violated his treaty for "fair
treatment" of the corporation. If the only element
in the transaction were the advertising contract, why
does he not sue for the $8000 balance? If the treaty
that underlies the contract were an open, legitimate
and proper transaction, as it is made a part of the ad
vertising contract, why does he not go into the courts
on it and prove that he treated the corporation fairly
by proving that the things he printed about it were
true and therefore "fair," and not in violation of the
treaty?
He does not go into the courts because the black
mailing treaty would be declared against good con
science or public policy. The courts would decide
that a newspaper cannot make a legal contract to
abstain from unfair treatment of an individual or a
corporation for a money consideration. The courts
would decide that Mr. Hearst was a blackmailer, and
the public that he was a blackguard, when he held up
the Southern Pacific and made it agree to pay him
$30,000 for thirty months' "fair treatment."
While, he was a fugitive from civil justice in this
State, avoiding the jurisdiction of California courts,
he managed his paper through another blackmailer,
the fellow Lawrence. We carry on no controversy
with him. We kick the dog, not his fleas. Of course
it is unpleasant for citizens to be held up to public
contempt by the libels which Lawrence prints, as the
biting of any parasite is annoying. But we realize
that a cur must have parasites, and that those who live
on Hearst gain in their power to annoy, as flies gain
in poison by the carrion on which they gender.
When Lawrence uses a pretense of charity to ad
vertise the Examiner and pinches the proceeds; when
he lies, fakes, libels and slanders, he is living up to
his nature, it is true, but he does it because he is the
parasite of a cur.
The paper, which is feculent with the corruptions
and blackmailing of Hearst, is selected as the organ
of reform by the purists who are pretending to rectify
politics while striving for power to be used under the
dictation of a blackmailer. Mayor Phelan takes or
ders from Hearst's parasite, and wig-wags as Law
rence's thumb is raised. The Mayor has a right -to
select his methods and the men with whom he con
sorts, or whose orders he obeys. The decent com
munity have also the right to judpc him by the com
pany he keeps, and he cannot complain.
It may be that there is a section of public opinion,
not a highly commendable opinion, that a corporation
is the legitimate prey of the blackmailer Hearst. But
the vicious and immoral use of his newspaper is not
confined to the blackmailing of corporations. Its
silence has been bought and paid for when it had in
ttJ possession knowledge that if published would have
prevented crime and protected the rights of the help
less.
When the Pacific Bank was rotting and was sap
ping the funds of the savings bank which belonged to
thousands of poor depositors, the Examiner gained
a perfect knowledge of the situation, and instead of
publishing it in time to prevent the robbery of the
savings depositors, it sold its silence to the robbers
for a money consideration, which was taken out of the
funds of those depositors. Instead of timely warning
of the robbery* it joined the robbers and took its share
of the spoil. This will not be denied for Mr. Hearst
by his parasite, for the evidence is in existence and is
ample.
The record of Hearst is abhorrent. When it is
studied every fair-minded man is convinced that when
he exposes offenses in his paper a blackmail dicker
with the offender has failed, and those who may be
victims of burglars, or bank looters, or corporate
crime or individual transgression, have the right to
assume that Hearst has fattened his wallet out of
their spoliation by selling his silence to their de
spoiler.
Let no one say that this is a newspaper quarreJ, for
it is not. It is no more a newspaper quarrel- than the
exposure of a bank burglar is a quarrel between lock
makers because the robber is a lockpicker. The hang
ing of a man who has murdered with a razor may be
indorsed by an honest barber without exposing him
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
to the accusation of jealousy. A wretch may be pun
ished for infanticide by malpractice without calling it
a doctors' quarrel, and a shyster may be disbarred
without ascribing it to the professional jealousy of
lawyers. We treat the case of this cur, Hearst, from
the same standpoint, our interest in it being only that
of the citizen who is entitled to protection in his good
name, without being compelled to make a contract
with Hearst for "fair treatment."
THE HONORABLE JACOB NEFF-
AT no time in the Republican State Convention
was the enthusiasm greater than at the nomi
nation of Jacob Neff for the office of Lieu
tenant Governor. Throughout the State there was
felt the same delighted pride in the choice. His nom
ination was everywhere ratified with the heart as well
as with the brain, for honest Jacob Neff is one of
those genial, whole-souled men whom the people love
and whom they are always glad to honor and to ele
vate to high office.
No other man so completely represents all Califor
nia as Mr. Neff. He has been identified with its his
tory and its advancement from the days of the pio
neers. He is known in the city and in the country;
among the farmers of the valleys and among the
miners of the mountains. Gifted in a high degree
with the faculty of making and retaining friendships,
he counts his personal friends by the thousands, while
his reputation has won for him the esteem of thou
sands more who have never met him.
It has not been by good fortune or by popular
caprice that Mr. Neff has won this high place in the
esteem of the community. It is his because he has mer
ited it. He has made friends among all classes of
people because he has shown himself friendly to all
classes. He has been kindly, hospitable, helpful, in
all the relations of life. He has not lived for himself
alone. He has borne his share of public duties and
has been as faithful and as energetic in the perform
ance of them as in the conduct of his private business.
He can, therefore, count upon the permanence of the
esteem of his friends, neighbors and fellow citizens,
because it is based upon the solid foundation of ser
vice rendered and good work well done.
So great is the personal popularity of Mr. Neflf that
many persons are apt to overlook the political reasons
why his election should be brought about. The office
of Lieutenant Governor is by no means an unimport
ant one. Outsideof the fact that he succeeds to the gov-
ernorship under certain contingencies, he is charged
with the duty of presiding over the deliberations of
the Senate, and has therefore considerable power and
influence in the direction of legislation. A Demo
cratic Lieutenant Governor could seriously hamper a
Republican Senate in carrying out policies for the
general welfare, while a Republican Lieutenant Gov
ernor could and would materially facilitate their
adoption and enactment.
Mr. Neff is peculiarly well fitted to perform the
duties of president of the Senate. His abilities as a
presiding officer of deliberative bodies are well known.
They have been often demonstrated. His knowledge
of parliamentary law has been gained by a large ex
perience as well as by study. He is firm, just, impar
tial and prompt.
The voters in this campaign who have long been
residents of California can hardly need urging to cast
their ballots for grand old Jacob Neff. He is dear
both to the pioneers and to the native sons. He rep
resents alike the capital and the labor of the State,
the patriotism and the industries of the people. His
personal popularity and political strength taken to
gether render him invincible by any opponent. Let
his election be given by a majority the State can be
proud of. -^.
THE GREWSOME GIRLIE.
JUST why a girl should desire to wear a belt or
carry a purse made of human skin is one of the
problems still awaiting solution, and considera
tion of which has aroused interest in this community.
There is, as a rule, an instinctive reverence for the
dead, and this natural emotion often takes the form
of an actual horror of contact with a corpse. The
mummy is the only style of cadaver which fails to ex
cite a thrill of repugnance, but it is so old and its per
sonality so lost somewhere along the corridors of
time that it does not count.
But the tanned skins worn by the local belie were
stripped from a- comparatively recent entity. They sug
gest #n individual existence. They recall the pallid
face on the pauper's cot, the rigid form from which
the covering was torn for the bedecking of another
form which one day will be as dead and as fair an
object of prey for the ghoulish. However, one girl,
has taken a decided lead. Her apartments are decor
ated with a human eye, a staring, unwinking, pickled
human eye, which, snatched from the socket of a
corpse and having been prepared by the loving
hands of medical students and placed in a case of skin,
was presented to this gentle maid.
That eye ought to enter into her dreams. It should
haunt her. It should peer at her through the dark
ness, making her. terrified and hysterical, seek refuge
under the bedclothes. It ought to look daggers in
the direction where her soul would be had not nature
kindly so constructed her as to be free from such
an annoying tenant.
It is impossible to esteem the girl who regards
human skin, aside from her own, as a suitable cover
ing, or who courts the presence of a pickled eye.
The Examiner says there is a "deluge of money"
in this campaign. The statement can hardly be ac
cepted. If the Republicans were spending coin cor
ruptly, as intimated, the Examiner, instead of expos
tulating, would be standing with editorial palm ex
tended and singing with unction, "Let Some Drop
pings Fall on Me."
Mayor Phelan asks in what way he has done aught
against the interests of labor. Well, for one thing, he
has declared that the lamplighters to whom the gas
company — an institution not noted for bigness of
soul — pays $40 a month would be well enotigh paid
at $25.
There is always something new concerning the
Chinese Emperor. He has been variously dead, well
and hearty, and now he comes into notice as an in
valid. The Emperor seems to have an active press
agent who lacks accuracy.
"Democrats should get together" exclaims the or
gan which is supposed to voice the common desire for
purity and reform. Why should any more of them
get together? Isn't the Committee of One Hundred
a terrible enough example?
If Keenan had exhibited the determination to kill
himself that he showed when his wife was the victim,
he would not now be troubled by dreams of the gal
lows.
Ex-Chaplain Mclntyre, late of the Oregon, can now
have the satisfaction of speaking his mind, and this
is a joy as much to be sought after as a post in the
navy.
WANDERING CANDIDATES
ARE NOW INELIGIBLE
John L Love on the Legal Status
of Those Who Were
Colonized.
Recognizing tho fact that John L.
Love Esq. would be familiar with the
election laws, since he was for four
years Attorney General 'of the State,
four years Assistant District Attorney
of San Francisco and for two years City
and County Attorney for San Francisco
and as such a member of the Election
Commission, The Call asked him to give
a legal opinion on the status of Mayor
James D. Phelan, the candidates for
Supervisor who have registered in
wards in which they do not live and of
the members of 'the sub-committee of
"One Hundred" upon whom the re
sponsibility is being thrown, assuming
that what has been printed in The Call
is true. The following is Mr. Love's
reply:
SAN FRANCISCO, October 20, IS9B.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: In an
swer to your communication, I will give
you my ideas upon the subject from a
legal standpoint as plainly as I can.
when the consolidation act was passed,
each ward was represented by a Super
visor, who was a citizen and voter of that
ward and who was elected by the voters
of that ward only. This l«d to what was
called "colonizing," and it was this sit
uation which coined the word and put it
into politics.
To do away with this evil, the Legis
lature, which at that time, under the old
constitution, had the power to amend the
consolidation act, passed a law that the
Supervisors should be voted for by the
whole' city and county and not by wards,
but they still adhered to the proposition
that a candidate for Supervisor must be
an actual and not "temporary" resident of
the ward he waa to represent. This is the
law to-day.
After the adoption of the new constitu
tion in 1879, it became impossible for the
Legislature to meddle with our consoli
dation act in any way. To general laws
we are amenable, but not to any special
act.
Some one pushed an act through the
last Legislature abolishing the wards, for
what object or for what purpose 1 can
not guess, unless it is the situation that
now stares us In the face.
That some attorneys said this act is un
constitutional and special legislation is the
main excuse of Mayor Phelan and his
followers for their dereliction in register
ing prospective candidates for Supervisors
in wards and precincts in which they do
not belong.
There is not a lawyer worthy of the
name who does not know that the law
abolishing the wards is unconstitutional
and of no force or effect. They might as
well have abolished the consolidation act
as a whole; and the committee of one
hundred and Mr. Phelan admit it when
they say that they resorted to false and
fraudulent registration "in case the courts
Should so decide." This fear of the courts
is one of the numerous excuses Mr. Phe
lan gives for what has been done. There
is a very sharp edge to this business
somewhere, for I notice €he Mayor Is al
ways very careful to say "I didn t do it.
I propose to demonstrate from the
statute law that all of these registrations
of Supervisors named by you, except one
were fraudulent and felonious, and if
they vote on such registration they will
commit another felony.
The Sternberg case affords very little
light for the reason that this case went
off on the question whether the crime had
been proven or not, as to whether the
accomplices who '"gave Sternberg away"
were corroborated or not. It was ad
mitted cm all sides that it was a crime.
Now I am about to auote from the
Sternberg case, and see, Mr. Editor, If you
can distinguish It from the one we are
W peopfe^-s? Sternberg, 111 California Re
ports, p. 4.
"Henshaw, J. Defendant was charged
with procuring and allowing A. Gutman
to be registered aa a voter In the pre
cinct register of a precinct in which he
was not entitled to be registered. The
prosecution was had under and by vir
tue of the provisions of the purity of
elections aqt (Stats. 1893, p. 24). The of
fense charged comes within the purview
of -action 22 thereof.
"Gutman. called by the prosecution,
testined that defendant recniested him to
register from the Baldwin Hotel, so that
he could vote for Mahoney. ♦ • ♦ It
was shown that Gutman did not reside
at the hotel, and that he did reside at
172 Clara street."
Now Is there any distinction between
voting for Mahoney or for yourself for
Supervisor? Is there any distinction be
tween the Baldwin Hotel and the Occi
dental Hotel, the Nob Hill House and
the Coso House? The court says further
on, at page 8: "Every person (and the
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Charles H. Dick of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.
S. Hopkins, a Grass Valley mining man.
Is at the Palace.
R. A. Eddy, a prominent Montana law
yer, Is at the Palace.
B. F. Allen, State Superintendent of
Forests, is at the Russ.
A. W. Rennie, a well-known Hongkong
banker, is at the Pala.ce.
Dr. P. N. Russell, the well-known Fres
no physician, is at the Lick.
J. E. Gillies, a prominent New York
merchant, is at the Palace.
H. H. Hirshfeld. a prominent fruit grow
er of Bakersfleld. is at the Lick.
Dr. M. J. Davis, a prominent physician
of Golconda, Nev., is at the Palace.
J. S. Goodwin, an old-time mining man
of You Bet, Is stopping at the Lick.
L. G. Nesmith, the well-known San Jose
banker, is a guest at the California.
A. H. Sylvester, of the United States
Geological Survey, is at the Occidental.
W. S. McCluskey, a prominent attorney
of Healdsburg, is a recent arrival at the
Russ.
Captain J. B. Overton, one of the chief
owners of th© Virginia City waterworks,
Is at the Russ.
Colonel W. S. Stone, a large land owner
and cattle raiser of Yreka, is at the Russ,
accompanied by his wife.
Julius P. Smith, a New Yorker largely
interested in viticulture at Livermore, is
a guest at the California.
J F Colley, a prominent general mer
chant of Nevada City, accompanied by
his family, is at the Lick.
R H. Mulholland of Independence, the
well-known breeder of fancy stock, la at
the Rubs, in company^with Mrs. Mul
holland.
Dr. Walter Maxwell, in charge of the
Hawaiian experimental station at Hono
lulu, sailed for Honolulu yesterday on the
China. He is returning from an extended
European trip, devoted largely to the In
terests of the station under his charge.
He Is considered an authority on the pro
ducts and possibilities of the Hawaiian,
group, especially with reference to their
adaptability for growing sugar cane.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— W. J. Andrews,
V>~. F. Boardman, T. G. Fraaer and wife,
J. J. McDade and Dr. T. H. Morris of.
San Francisco and F. "W. King of Los
Angeles are at the Imperial. Julian
Sonntag and wife and Mrs. W. H. Mc-
JUttrlck or San Francisco are at the
court "puts the words 'every person' in
italics) Who willfully causes, procures or
allows false registration is punishable,"
etc.
I particularly call your attention to the
words "who willfully causes, procures or
allows false registration," because this
expression runs all through the Penal
Code and the purity of elections act.
Now, let us find out who is entitled to
run for office and who is entitled to vote.
Under the constitution of the State,
article 11, section 1, among other things,
a man in order to vote must be a citi
zen and resident of the precinct thirty
days. This means a bona nde residence,
one taken up in good faith with the in
tent to remain.
Section 1239 of the Political Code is as
follows:
"The Board of Election in determining
the place of residence of any person must
be governed by the following rules: • • •
"1. That place must be considered and
held to be the residence of a person in
which his habitation is fixed, and to
which whenever he is absent he has the
intention of returning.
"5. A person must not be considered to
have gained a residence in any precinct
into which he comes for 'temporary' pur
poses merely, without the intention of
making such precinct his home."
In the Examiner of October 19, IS9B,
Mayor Phelan is quoted as saying:
"There is not the least suspicion of ille
gality about the 'temporary' change of
residence. The candidate went into an
other ward for a definite purpose."
I suppose it is fair to ask what the pur
pose was. Was it to vote for Mr. Ma
honey for Senator, or Mr. Some One Else
for Assemblyman, or for himself for Su
pervisor, or for the greater glory of Mr.
Phelan himself?
Sternberg must begin to feel that he has
been pretty badly treated. I would sug
fest, Mr. Editor, that you address a note I
o Judge Wallace, who sentenced Stern- i
berg to prison (and of whom the Examiner
says: He is facile prlnceps as a Judge),
that he distinguish this case from the i
Sternberg case; of course not pointing j
out the culprits.
To show that the same idea runs all j
through the election laws— that is, that a I
man must vote from his own home and j
not around the corner— l call your atten- ]
tion to the law in regard to challenging
a vote. There are certain questions laid
down, which the election officers must \
put to be answered under oath, and
among others, these:
"Section 1233, Political Code— l. When
did you last come into this county or elec
tion precinct?
"2. When you came into this county or
precinct did you come for a temporary
purpose merely, or for the purpose of
making it your home?
"3. Did you come into this county or
precinct for the purpose of voting here?"
The lawmakers ought to have put in
another question: Did you come to run
for Supervisor?
Section 1239 reads as follows: "The
Board of Election', in determining the
place of residence of any person, must be
governed by the following rules, as far as
they are applicable:
"I. That place must be considered and
held to be the residence of a person in
which his habitation is fixed and to which
whenever he is absent he has the inten
tion of returning."
I understand from the statements made
In your paper, which I am taking all the
time as true, that some of the wandering
Supervisors have already announced that
"so soon as the election is over they are
going home, whichever way It goes""
Subdivision 5 of this same section reads
as follows:
"A person must not be considered to
have gained a residence in any precinct
into which he comes for temporary pur
poses merely, without the intention of
making such precinct his home."
Mayor Phelan can hardly plead Ignor
ance of the law when he says to the Ex
aminer that "there is not the least sus
picion of illegality about the temporary
change of residence • • •."
That word "temporary" occurs too often
in the law, and it rested unruly in his
brain.
Without quoting any more from the
statutes, It is clear that these gentlemen
in their zeal to do something are im
properly registered, and it is clearly the
duty of the Registrar and the Board of
Elpction Commissioners to serve them
with a citation, and. after hearing, strike
their names from the Great Register. I
cannot see how any one of the persons
registered away from their every-day
homes will dare vote. If I am rignt, it
would be a felony if they aid.
Suppose none of them vote, that all keep
away from the polls and that they all
polled a majority vote In the city and
county, still they would be ineligible and
could not hold the office, because they
were not : ntitled to vote. "And no person
is eligible to an office who is not an
elector." (Political Code, aection 58). Re
spectfully, JOHN L. LOVE.
Fifth Avenue. Siff Bauman and James
T. Rucker of San Francisco arf- at the
Netherland. A. Rothchild of San Fran
cisco is at the Marlborough. Mrs. W.
M. G. Stafford of San Francisco is at the
Manhattan. V. G. Hush of San Fran
cisco is at the Empire. D. G. Smith of
Pasadena is at the Savoy.
WHEN YO' 'SPECT TO SCOOTP
Mlstah Blanco, want to 'quire.
When yo' 'spect to scoot?
Doan" yo show yo' Spanish ire.
When yo' 'speet to scoot?
Now an' den we hears yo' talkln'
Frew yo' hat an' kimiuh tnilkin",
Reckon dat yo' bes* be walkln' —
When yo' 'spect to scoot?
Mistah Blanco, fix yo' trnuk up,
When yo' 'sp<*ct to scoot?
On de steamah iix yo" bunk up,
When yo' 'spect to scoot.
To' ain't mixed up in de mussln';
Folks all tired of yo' fusslu'
Soon you'll Kit a Yankee cussin 1 —
When yo' 'spect to scoot?
Mistah Blanco, want to ax yo.*
When yo' \spect to scoot?
Doan' want fo' to rush or tax yo"
When yo' "spect to soimt '
Kain't yo' let up on that bluffln?
Ain't yo' ear-sis;ht good fo" nuthin'?
Doan't yo' hear dat steamboat puffin'?
When yo" '»pect to scoot?
Mistah Blanco, plonse. Mb, montion
When yo' 'spect to scoot?
Want to show you Homo attention,
When yo' 'speet to scoot?
Want to try to <U> yo' proud, sah:
Got some hen's aljfs old an' loud, sah,
Which you'd notlco in a crowd, sah—
When vo' 'ajmct to scoot?
—George V. Hobart in Baltimore Ameri
can. _______________
JOKES PBOPERLY SEASONED.
To preserve poaches: Surround the or
chard with a high fence, topped with
barbed wice.— Chicago Tribune.
Visitor— What kind of a man Is your
neighbor. Mr. Flint?
Farmer Hornbeak— Wa'al for one thing,
he's so stingy that he won't let bicyclists
fill their tires with air from his farm.—
Puck.
"Yes sir," said Mr. Wimbiddle to a
stranger, "I maintain that all water used
for drinking and culinary purposes should
be boiled at least half an hour."
"You are a physician, I presume?"
"No; I am a coal dealer."— Tit-Bits.
"Why are you so unhappy, Elsie?"
"My aunt doesn't like me! She thinks
Bertha is everything that's lovely, and of
me she thinks nothing at all. First she
talks about Bertha's wonderful hair, and
then it's 'Ah Bertha, what wonderful
large eyes you have!' "
Tittle Hans— Don't you mind, Elsie;
you've just got tne loveliest big ears «v«»r
was!— Chicago Record.
'BUTCHER" WEYLER MADE
TOBACCO ADVANCE
HIS EDICT RENDEBED THE
CUBAN LEAF SCARCE.
American Consumers of High-Grade
Cigars Are Made to Suffer the
Consequences.
Bernard Stahl, a guest at the Palace
Hotel and one of the largest manufactur
ers of Havana cigars in the country, pos
sesses interesting information concerning
the effect of the recent troubles in Cuba
upon the tobacco market.
"So far as the American market is con
cerned," he said yesterday, "the trouble
1 commenced in May, 1896, with the edict
of General "Weyler prohibiting the expor
tation of leaf tobacco from the island.
| "This edict was, of course, the work of
the Cuban cigar manufacturers, and, if
I mistake not, Weyler received a large
sum for it. He went there, as everybody
knows, a comparatively poor man and
came away wealthy. This edict was in
force until October, 1897. During that time
American manufacturers were at their
wits' end for tobacco, and it went up from
75 to 100 per cent. Part of this advance, it
is true, was due to the troubled condition
of the island. The small farmer, with hi;*
400 or 500 bales of tobacco, waa in a bad
way. Perhaps one day a band of insur
gents would demand $1 per bale for spar-
Ing his crop and the next day he would
have to pay a similar sum to the Span
iards for alleged, lack of sympathy with
their cause.
"How was the consumer affected? As
a matter of fact. It all came out of him.
He wouldn't stand the difference in cost,
and the manufacturer could not. In other
words, the consumer secured a poorer
cigar. Even Connecticut tobacco was put
into many well-known brands, that were
introduced as and in fact were originally
pure Havana. I doubt, however, If the
consumers generally noticed much differ
ence. A large percentage of them judge
a cigar by Its price or the stamps on the
box. I can see no chance of a good crop
for at least two years. My experience
shows that the people of this coast re
quire more high-grade goods, proportion
ally, than the people of the East. '
ORDEBS FOB THE INDIANA.
The Finding of the Board in the Case
of Captains Towers and Wat
son Approved.
The formal order for the transport In
diana was issued yesterday from depart
ment headquarters. As has been stated,
the Second and Third battalions of the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment, with the
field and staff and five hospital stewards,
are assigned to the vessel. The order to
sail has not yet been issued, but it is very
probable that the Indiana will get away
this week. The Ohio has required more
repairing than was expected, and will not
be able to sail until next week.
The finding of the board of officers ap
pointed to examine Into the efficiency of
Captains Towers and Watson of the Kansas
Regiment was submitted to General Mer
riam yesterday afternoon. The finding of
the board was approved in both cases,
and the report will now be forwarded to
the Adjutant - General ■■ at Washington.
The board's report was favorable to Cap
tain Watson and adverse to Captain
Towers
Captain A. C. Gillem. First Tennessee,
returned from his home yesterday. The
captain has been absent on a thirty days
furlough. He brought back with him
Privates Langham and Smith, who had de
serted and returned to Tennessee.
First Lieutenant Delamere SKerrett,
Third Artillery, has been appointed quar
termaster and commissary at Fort Mason
by General Merriam. _
Recruits Leon G. Blet and Charles O.
Golden, enlisted in this city, have been
assigned to the Fourth Cavalry. Fort
Yellowstone, Wyoming, and ordered to
■ J0 F 1 iret ie Ser!eant n William C. Prull, Com
pany M, First New York, was tried oy
general court-martial at Honolulu for
disobedience to orders and using abusive
language. He was found guilty and re
duced to the ranks, and forfeited $lo of
hh WPW P iT Harrington-treasurer of the Red
Cross Society of this city, has gone to Los
Angeles for the society, authorized if ,
necessary to proceed with civil 1 action
against Colonel John R. Berry for the
recovery of the *522 which he has and
which the society claims .he should turn
back to it, as his regiment is not going
to Manila. The money was the result of
a drill given by the Seventh under the
auspices of the Red Cross, and was
turned over to Colonel Berry with the
understanding that it was for the use of
his regiment at Manila, 'fhe ladies of the
society endeavored to get the. money be- ■
fwe Colonel Berry left.- but were unsuc
cessful. Colonel Bern', claims that the
money belongs to the regiment and that
he % not return it until the regiment
his been formally mustered out, and Lot
then If the men need It.
./, - ■ • ♦ ■
ANSWEBS TO COBBESPONDENTS.
LONDON- S.. City. The area of Lon
don is about 78.200 acres, equal to 122
square miles. The population at the last
census, IS9I, was 4,231,431.
THE ATTHOR— E., City. The verses
entitled "Tim" freqyently recited at gath
erings and commencing " 'Yes, I am guil
ty,' the prisoner said" were written by
T . M. Munyon.
QUARTERMASTER— W. E., City. The
officer of the depot quartermaster, U. S.
A., who will take charge of small packages
for soldiers at Manila, has his office at
the depot on New Montgomery street,
near Mission.
MINISTER OF WAR— Subscriber, City.
There is no such office in the British Gov
ernment us Minister of War. but ther?
is the Secretary of War. The following
named hay* held that office since 18S6:
W. H. Smith. E. Stanhope. H. Campbell
Bannerman and Marquis of Lansdowne.
ANDREW JACKSON — S.. City. An
drew Jackson, seventh President of the
I" rated States, was the son of Andrew
and Elizabeth Jackson. His father was
born in Ireland, was of Scotch ancestry,
and his mother, whose maiden name was
llutchlnson. was the daughter of a line*
weaver of Carrickfergus, Ireland.
• POPULATION AND' DEBT— A. C.,
City. In MB the population of the United
States was, aa per census returns, 31,443,-
S°l* as there was no census in 1565 the
figures cannot be Riven: in 1870 the popu
lation was 35,555.371. On July 1. 1865.- the
nubile debt was $2,650,647,869 74; : July 1,
fm. it was $2,773,236,173 69 ;^'-f
In 1566 the population of France was
8S 067 .064: that was reduced by the cession
to' Germany of Alsace and part of Lor
raine to 86,594,845; in 1572 the population
of France was 36,102.921. The debt of
France" Just after the Franco-Prussian
war was 22,622,500,000 francs.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business housn and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
"Do you fully appreciate," asked the
earnest citizen, "the duty which every
man owes to his country?"
"Well," satd Senator Sorghum, apolo
getically. "I'm getting a -little rusty on
that subject. You see, it's a good many
years since I had anything to do with
revenue collecting."— Washington Star.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used ovep fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sal? by Druggists In every
part of the world. Re sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Fyrup. 23c a bottle.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul,
This car is nioely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Pacihc Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 63S Market St..
San Francisco.
HOTEL DEL, COHONADO— Take advantage
of the round-tr'.p tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, inr-luotng fifteen days' board at.
hotel: lonKer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
■i Commercial Munch,' 11 to 2. Among the Bar
rels, SO Market at.FITZGERALD WILL
FIND LAW FOR
MR. VALENTINE
A Bundle of Papers Refused on Which tc
Base His Battle for the People's
Rights.
He Will Seek a Writ of Mandate to Compel Wells-Fargo
to Pay Its Share of the War
Tax.
The State has taken up the fight oF the people, and by
writ of rrmndatewill force Wells, Fargo & Co., rather than
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s patrons, to pay its war tax.
Since The Call first called his attention to the impo
sition being practiced by the carrier corporation, the
Attorney-General has been casting about for some swift,
sure method of bringing the greedy corporation to a sense
of its wrong-doing. He has decided upon the all-power
ful writ of mandate, and to-day or to-morrow he will make
petition for the writ before the Circuit Court.
Wells-Fargo's patrons may yet have the satisfaction
of seeing Wells-Fargo's president writing checks for his
own war stamps.
The will of the people has not been
potent in the fight to compel Wells, Fargo
£.- Co. to pay its war tax. and the strong
arm of the State has been invoked to
force that purpose.
Despite that its volume of business has
been greatly reduced by its insatiate
greed, the carrier corporation has per
sisted and still persists in <umpelling the
people who have made 11 ice a
profitable possibility to stand the burden
of its just expc:.
Basing his action upon the decision
handed down a week ago by Michigan's
Circuit Court. Attorney General Fitz
gerald will to-day or to-morrow begin
mandamus proceedings against the com
as the quickest, and ni"
tory method of obtaining a final d<
as to whether or not the carrier company
shall pay for the stamp the law requires
shall be affixed to all receipts.
The State established a cause of action
c n Wednesday.
On that day Assistant Attorney General
■Anderson, who has closely studied the
involved, presented at Wells-Far
go's offices a roll of opinions for trans
n to the Board of Examiners.
In the presence of two witnesses he ten
dered the amount ordinarily due, but re
fused to submit to the agent's demand
for an additional cent for the customary
stamp.
His package and his money were pushed j
to him across the desk with the in- \
formation that unless the company's de
was complied with the package ;
would not be received. Mr. Anderson j
then made a formal demand that the com
pany pay for and affix the necessary
stamp. This was refused.
'.gem's refusal Mr. Anderson >
i more than he expected. His ae
ial to the ends of his su- •
for two months been the
opinion of Attorney General Fitzgerald
that a proceeding by mandamus was the ;
only consistent way to arrive at a de- j
cision capable of prying open the swell- \
ing coffers or' Mr. Valentine and his con- '
freres. ;
When seen at his home last night •
Attorney General Fitzgerald said: j
"I became convinced over two
months ago that a writ of man
damus would he the most potent pro- '
eeeding to begin against Wells, Fargo & j
I I v I that opinion to a \
number of attorneys who questioned me
concerning th*> status of the matter.
"Since The Call first directed attention ;
to the cape and since the decision of the j
Circuit Court of Michigan, in which it is
stated that the Attorney (>• neral was the
proper person to proceed in a case of this
kind. I determined to bring the local cor
poration to time if 1 could establish a
case against it.
"With this intention I instructed Mr.
Anderson to proceed as he has told you
ceeded, and I think by to-morrow,
or the next day at the latest, we will
have our complaint and petition for a
writ of mandate against Wells-Fargo in
proper shape to lay before the court. We
will prosecute it as rapidly as the ma- j
chinery of the law will permit."
The Michigan decision which Attorney ■
General Fitzgerald has considered is in
effect as follows:
As I understand, the law applying to this
subject Is found in schedule A of the revenue
law of 1538, and is as follows:
"Express and freight— lt shall be the duty
of every railroad or steamboat company, car
rier, express company or corporation, or person
whose occui>atlon is to act a3 ouch, to issue to
the shipper or consignor, or his agent, or per-
Eon from whom any goods are accepted for
transportation, a bill of lading;, manifest or
Other evidence of receipt and forwarding, for
such shipment received for carriage. and trans
portation, whether In bulk or In boxes, bales,
packages or bundles, or not so enclosed or In
cluded; and there shall be duly attached and
canceled, as In this act provided, to each of
puch bills of lading, manifests, or other mem
oranda, and to such duplicate thereof, a stamp
of the value of one cent."
This Is the main portion of the law applying
to the question in hand.
It is manifest to me that it Is the intention
of Congress to require th" express companies
to deliver to the person offering for shipment
any goods or packages a receipt for the same,
and it requires Paid receipt to have attached
to it a revenue stamp of one cent. This makes
Jt clear to my mind that it is the duty of the
express company to deliver to such shipper
a full and complete receipt: and a receipt would
not be full and complete or legal unless it had
attached to it a canceled revenue stamp of the
value at one cent. '
Mr. Fitzgerald also spoke of the ap
peal of William F. Costley against Wells,
Fargo & Co., which was argued and sub
mitted yesterday to Superior Judge
Troutt.
Costley. in his .suit, prays for $299 dam
ages alleged to have resulted from the
refusal of Wells-Fargo to affix the neces
sary revenue stamp to a receipt for a
package tendered by Costley for trans
mission to Sacramento. Justice Barry,
before whom the case originally came,
gave a decision In favor of plaintiff, it
was appealed to the Superior Court and
AN EXPRESS TAG BROUGHT
HIM FROM FAR ST, LOUIS
WARREN HENRY DONALD, 6 years of age, is a brave little trav
eler, who reached this city Wednesday evening on the overland
train, having made the trip from St. Louis alone. Tied to his
coat was a tag addressed to an aunt, living at 267 Seventh street.
The little fellow has been living with his grandmother in St. Louis
for f(,mc time. His father, who is a photographer in Mexico, wishing his
son with him, wrote his mother to bring Warren to San Francisco. The
grandmother, being too old to travel, decided to send the boy by himself.
V\ hen the youngster arrived at the ferry depot last evening no one was
there to meet him. hut he was not at all concerned, and accosting a police
man, was t;ik<-n to the Harbor Station. The name on the tag had been
written with a lead pencil and being somewhat worn, could not be de
ciphered by the police. They finally made out the address, 267 Seventh
street, and Officer Dyer delivered the little parcel of flesh into the arms
of his aunt. She had not expected her nephew until a later train and was
Just on the point of starting for the depot when the boy arrived.
The boys lonesome journey ffe not finished. After visiting here a few
days, he will be placed aboard the steamer Orizaba, which will take him
to his destination in far-away Mexico. The little traveler stood the trip
from St. Louis better than most grown people and doesn't fear the sea
Journey before him in the least.
i must go on up until the Supreme Court
- finally decided it.
This procedure Mr. Fitzgerald con
sidered ill advised in that it permits of
too great delay and leaves the case open
• many tecnnicalities. Brought by
mandamus before the Circuit Court the
VVells-Fargo people will have but one
i higher appeal, and if Mr. Fitzgerald
i obtains a decision in a reasonable time
'■ the people whom that patriotic corpora
i tlon hay persistently and successfully
' cinched may yet have the satisfaction of
i seeing Valentine buying his own war
stamps.
EASTERN STAR.
Only Three of the Six Elective Offi-
cers Chosen at the Session
Yesterday.
There was a large attendance of dele
pates at the pesston of the Grand Chap
ter of the Order of the Eastern Star yes
terday.
The morning session was taken up in
the discussion of a number of resolutions
which are of no interest to any one out
bid >_• of the order and which will appear
in the printed proceedings to be forwaxded
to the several chapters.
The afternoon session was an unusually
i busy one, as at that time came up ths
election of the grand officers who are to
serve for the ensuing year. In the past
the election of grand patron, grand mat
ron, associate grand patron, associate
grand matron, treasurer and secretary,
has always been accomplished at the
afternoon session of the third day, but
yesterday only three officers were elect
ed, as there was a spirited contest for
each office. As announced in The Call
of last Wednesday the choice for the two
principal offices fell on the persons whose
names were given. Dr. J. w. Lawrance
of L#os Angeles was elected grand patron,
and Mrs. Marie A. Pierce of Oak Leaf
chapter, Oakland, was elected grand mat
ron. George L. Darling of Golden Gate
Chapter, 9an Francisco, was elected as
sociate grand patron, after which an ad
journment was had until this morning,
when the election of associate grand mat
ron, treasurer and secretary will be made
the special order of the morning. There
is likely to be a lively contest for the of
fice of grand secretary, as there are three
candidates for that office. Mrs. Kate J.
Willats, the incumbent, has two oppo
nents, Mrs. M. A. Wilson and Mrs. Hop
good.
Last evening there was a meeting of the
delegates in King Solomon's Hall in the
Masonic Temple to witness the work by
Carita Chapter of Alameda.
To-day, in addition to the election, the
matron elect will name the appointed offi
cers and in the afternoon all the officers
will be installed.
To-morrow the delegates will have the
choice of two excursions— one to Tamal
pais and the other to the Masonic Home
in Decoto.
Curious Result of Asphyxiation.
A peculiar result of gas asphyxiation
developed yesterday in the case of John
Ricnehl, a plumber living at 1270 Eddy
street. In a fit of despondency some two
weeks since, Rionehl attempted to com
mit suicide by turning on the gas in his
room. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, and after considerable difficulty
was resuscitated. Owing to the action of
the gas upon his her rt, the blood had co
agulated around that organ and when it
resumed its normal action the coagulated
blood found lodgment in his right leg
Blood poisoning developed, and Dr Weii
amputated Rionehl's right leg at the thigh
yesterday in order to save his life
Fire Department Changes.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and appointed Daniel Toomey
hoseman of engine 34. John McGoury,
driver of chemical engine 6, was pen
sioned owing to ill health, and William
Hart was appointed to fill his place The
Board of Supervisors will be petitioned
to ask the Mayor to sell the house and
lot occupied by truck 1 on O'Farrell
street, near Dupont, the Intention beinx
to buy a cheaper lot in the vicinity of
I Second and Mission streets to acconimo
| date engine 4 and truck 1. The water
tower would then be moved to engine 4
house.
Lan Maclaren's New Love Story,
"Saved by Faith," will be published
in next Sunday's Call.
Selecting Election Officials.
The election board meets to-day to be
gin the work of selecting election offi
cials. Commissioners Broderick, Block
and Gallagher will present the Democratic
li.st, while Commissioner Tllton will pre
sent that of the Republicans.
Ninety-five per cent of all cases of plies
are positively cured by "Anakesls." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
AMERICAN RIG, ENGLISH HULL.
'TpHE Willscott and Blairmore are now almost ready to come under the American flag. The Willscott is
L as heavily sparred as she was before being dismasted while on her way from Japan to Puget Sound.
but the Blairmore has been bark rigged and six feet has been taken off her lower masts, and six feet from
each of her yards. She capsized in the bay during a southeaster, and by reducing her spars it is thought
she will never capsize again.
MONGOLIANS
ON THE CHINA
GO ON STRIKE
Insisted on Being Paid
in Gold Coin.
REFUSED MEXICAN MONEY
MAIL COMPANY COMPELLED TC
GRANT THEEB DEMANDS.
The Naval Reserve Steamer Marion
Will Not Be Moved From How
ard Street Wharf for a
While.
The Pacific Mall Company experienced
great trouble In getting the steamer Chi
na away for the Orient. In the first place
there was a strike among the Chinese
and Japanese crew and then there was
such a rush of steerage passongers that a
large quantity of freight had to be put
ashore in order to make room for them.
In consequence the vessel was nearly six
hours late in getting away.
When the China was taken as a trans
i port the Chinese and Japanese crew was
engaged for the trip on a gold basis. The
regular run between here and the Orient
was on the Mexican dollar basis. When
the transport got back the coolies were
all paid off in United States gold coin,
much to their delight. The company was
satisfied, as Uncle Sam footed the bills,
; the Chinese were delighted and "all went
merry as a marriage bell."
Wednesday was the time set for the
crew to 'sign on" for the voyage to
Hongkong, and then the trouble began.
The Chinese refused to sign the articles
until their pay up to that time was forth
coming in gold. They were not gofng to
wait until the vessel reached Hongkong
and then be paid in Mexican dollars.
"Not muchee," said the boss Chinese. Thd
company was In a quandary. The Chinese
would have to be taken, whether as pas
sengers or crew was immaterial, while
the chances of getting a new crew here
were problematical. All kinds of ruses
were tried to circumvent the wily Celes
tials, but they all failed, and Wednes
day night the wages were paid in gold
coin and the Chinese stoned the ship's
articles. Yesterday about fifteen money
changers were busy around the ship
changing the American money into Mexi
can dollars.
During the Manila voyage the Japanese
were paid the same wages as white men.
When the Yokohama-Hongkong run was
resumed they refused to accept the old
pay and would not go to work. In conse
quence the China Is carrying eight of
them as passengers as far as Yokohama,
The China took away 74 cabin passen
gers, 35 second-class and 330 Chinese. The
rush of the latter came at the last mo
ment and in consequence an Immense
quantity of freight had to be put ashore
to make room for them. Nearly a thou
sand barrels of beer and large consign
ments of cigarettes were among the goods
put ashore, and somebody will have to go
short of those articles.
Madeleine Bouton, the actress, and Mrs.
Reid her chaperone, were to have sailed
on the China, but canceled their tickets at
the last moment. Among the Honolulu
Eassengers were the Rev. Fathers Lund
urg. IJlrich. Theopheile, Aloys and Vic
tor. They will make a tour of the islands
and will do some missionary work while
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
rescinded the order moving the Marion
into the stream yesterday. When the
Government presented the State with the
vessel for a naval reserve ship it was
with the understanding that she should
be kept moored alongside a wharf. The
Commissioners will now communicate
with the Secretary of the Navy and get
his permission to move the vessel into
the stream before any further action is
taken in the matter.
The Mexican schooner Novolato sailed
for Grays Harbor on the 18th lnst. While
at work on deck, Lorenzo Silva fell over
a coil of rope and broke his foot. He was
nut aboard the pilot boat Bonlta and
brought back to the city. He was sent to
the Marine Ho:pital.
The British ship Wallacetown, from
Antwerp for San Francisco, has been
compelled to put Into Coqulmbo with her
steering gear oadly damaged.
The Blairmore is no more. Yesterday
that hoodoo name wan blotted out and
the vessel renamed John Palmer.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin *tB. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
SUING THE CREMATORY.
Two Actions for Damages Brought
Against It.
The troubles of the Sanitary Reduction
Works of San Francisco are augmenting
daily. It was made the defendant in two
new suits filed Wednesday. The first al
leges that through bad management the
company's crematory dally permeates the
atmosphere ' with n#isome, poisonous
gases and half incinerated garbage,
spreading death and pestilence. The lat
ter that the company's agents are intimi
dating those who sell refuse for steam
generating purposes.
In both cases an injunction is asked.
August Vetter, plaintiff in the first ac
tion, states that with his wife and chil
dren he resides at 10 McLea court. Prior
to the erection of the crematory the lo
cality had always been healthful, but so
soon as the giant chimney began to emit
its poisonous fumes sickness visited his
home. His oldest son, aged 18 years, was
taken ill and died in the course of a few
weeks. Physicians informed him that his
son's death was due to the inhalation of
the crematory fumes. Since that time the
statement has been borne out by the fact
that his entire family has been afflicted
in a similar manner. In consequence the
court is asked to issue an injunction pro
hibiting the company from operating its
plant in a manner calculated to spread
disease in its immediate neighborhood.
A. F. Martel, the complainant in the
second action, affirms that prior to the
organization of the defendant corpora
tion he had been conducting a power gen
erating business at 16 Stevenson street.
Half of the fuel used in generating steam
for power consists of straw, shavings, old
boxes and other refuse. This he pur
chases from other persons, but of lat9 he
has had difficulty in procuring sufficient
refuse for use from regular sources by
reason of the methods pursued by the
company to prevent its purchase by him.
Agents of the company, it is alleged, sta
tion themselves near his place of business
and warn and Intimidate persons hauling
refuse for his use. He asks relief at the
hands of the court.
WOES OF DR. F. T. BOND.
His Action for a Divorce Will Be
Heard Shortly by Judge Troutt.
Dr. Frederick T. Bond's story of his un
happy married life, and the reason he
seeks a divorce from his wife, Annie A.
Bond, will be heard by JudgeTrouttport
ly. Dr. Bond's complaint is an uninter
rupted recital of narrow escapes from
death at the hands of his wife, abuse,
persecution and slander. On many occa
sions Mrs. Bond, it is alleged, tried to
brain her husband with an ax. At times
Bhe h»ld him up at the point of a pistol
and threatened the rid the world of his
presence.
Again she would curse him. batter him,
slander htm and disgrace him; chop into
his office, ruin his desks and destroy h .->
effects; accuse him of being a poisoner
and make life generally a burden. In
consequence Bond wants a divorce and
the custody of his minor child. A peti
tion, on benalf of Mrs. Bond for the suo
tody of t'.ie child, was heard by Judge
Troutt yesterday, but on permission be
ing granted the petitioner to see her baby,
the petition was stricken from the calen
dar.
ALICE R\X
Writes About
"THE KING OF
THE SLEUTHS" (
in
NEXT SUNDAY'S !
CALL.
TELEPHONE GIRLS ANNOYED.
A Crank Hands Them Letters Ad
dressed to President McKinley
and Threatens Their Lives
The operators in the telegraph office at
607 Market street have been annoyed for
some time by the actions of a crank who
made his appearance in the mornings be*
tween 9 and 11 o'clock and handed them
letters addressed to President McKlnlt-y
and threatening to kill them unless the
letters were forwarded. The contents
of the letters showed that the man was
insane.
The police weTe notified and yesterday
afternoon Policeman W. M. Ros»s arrest
ed the man as he handed a letter to one
of the girls. Ross took the man before
Captain Spillane, who saw at once that
he was out of his mind, and instructed
Rosb to place him in the insane ward
in the Receiving Hospital. He is a man
about 40 years of age, shabbily dressed
and said his name was John Schausen. '
War Tax.
It Is the opinion of nine-tenths of the
bankers and other business men of the
country that the stamp tax on checks
will remain In force many years, and
perhaps permanently. It is a popular tax,
convenient to collect and difficult to re
peal. In view of this •uid the further
fact that our Government has settled
upon a policy of territorial expansion and
naval construction the opinion is well
founded.
The last civil war stamp tax on checks
remained about twenty years. This will
probably remain as long, so quit licking
stamps and have your checks made and
the stamps printed on by the Union
Lithograph Company, Government li
censee for the imprinting of stamps, 325
Sansome street. •
Marcus Marquardsen Insane.
Marcus Marquardsen, who lives at 19
Scott place, was committed to the asy
lum for the insane at Napa by Judge
Troutt yesterday. Ten days ago the un
fortunate patient was convicted of a
petty theft and was sentenced to three
months' imprisonment in the County
Jail. He served four days of the sentence
and then began to manifest signs of in
sanity. He was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where he was declard Insane
by the Insanity Commissioners.
Prominent actors tell their best
stories, in next Sunday's Call.
Unitarian Church Lectures.
Arrangements have been completed for
a series of five lectures to be given before
the Charming Auxiliary of the First Uni
tarian Church, comer of Franklin and
Geary streets. The dates are Tuesday,
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tfatbo- s9
•^^Z/yra/7^7 9Ta 5
October 25, 3:30 p. m.; Tuesday, Novem
ber 1. 8 p. m.; Tuesday. November 8, 3:30
p. m. : Tuesday, November 15, 8 p. m.;
Tuesday, November 22, 3:30 p. m. The
first two lectures will be delivered by
William Armstrong, the others by Mlsa
Annie S. Peck.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Save
F?f ctsa /"> sjj
10r d Tea
AND GET A
{Jig Present Pree
With Every Pound
AT
£ reat American Importing Jea (Jo/s
MONEY SAVING STORES
881 Market st., oppo- 355 Hayes : st. - ■
Bite Powell st. 2510 Mission st. -
140 Sixth st. 1419 Polk »t.
705 Larkln st. 218 Third at."-"
146 Ninth st. 300« Sixteenth St.
506 Xearny St. 2008 Ftllmore st.
1819 Devisadero st. 1190 Kentucky st.
3255 Mission «t. 621 Montgomery aye.
52 Market st.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington st. 616 East Twelfth st.
917 Broadway. ■ 1510 Seventh st.
131 San Pablo aye. 1355 Park st., Alameda.
B Street, near Fourth. San Rafael.
Write for Catalogue.
OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOQ
*w PALACE wj
o fiFf a mm hotels o
A BAH FRAHCISCO. ' 2
?T Connected by a covered passageway. ™
£ 1400 R»oms- 900 With Bath Attached. **
O All Under Ona Management.— Q
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
b European Flan. St. oo per day and upward <•
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward 9
Q ■ Correspondence Solicited. q
£ JOHN 0. KIKSPATBIOX, Maaa^r. s a
go oqoooqq o q ooo oqqq
j^/± fh»too«*hiid ll|Hi M ■ I#%
SlEISfc VITALIS
iS^Sif Sr/^-THE NEW
trtr 10ih D»]r. «i*« '©feu If rtiClllfflii
YITALIS Icthßi ?- «*> -■ DCUCnv
PRObU ES THK A BUTE 30th Day. Ilkmdllll
RKSILTB. HquicklyA sorely remove* ITerToniniss, ImpoUney,
Nightly Emtuioiu, EtU Dreams Wa»tii»s Diseue* and all effeeti
of self -abase or cxc«« and indiscretion. Restore* Lnt Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wardacff Insanity and Contains.
Core* when all others fall. Insist on haying VITALIS,
i«eion«. Etil Dreams W»»ting Diseases and all effecti
for rxcrM »nd ladiscrrflon Restores Lost Vitality
Failing Memory. Wardacß Insanity and Consume-
when all others fall. Insist on haTing VITALIS,
do other. Can b« carried in the ye«t pocket. By mail $1.00
per packaje or tix for 05.00 with a guarantee to Car* or
SSV I J!ii I Money. Circular Tree. Addre«a
CALUMET CURE CO., 884 IHarborn St., CUeag*
Bold by Owl Drue Co.. S. F.. and Oakland.
s^L^^^ WHEN YOU
Re^ uire an ELEC -
TRic BELT^ et " Dr -
Pierces" and you will
'*^&&^'7f\\ nnto t be disappointed.
*7rKr Call or address PIERCE
n ELECTRIC CO., 620
Market st. Palace Hotel), S. F.
drTmulty.
niniS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
■L Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients en at Home. Terms reasonable. HouraO
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, lotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
I>r. P. KOSCOE Bf CNCI.TY,
26' i Kearny St., Bin Francisco, Cal.
&CO.^?V
E .3
\£s?33b MARKET ST. Sf.^Sy
;.-... CONCERTS AND RESORTS. y
SHERMAN, CLAY ft' COS HALL
AN ARTISTIC TRIUMPH. >
TO-MORROW (SATURDAY) AFTERNOON,
. : THIRD OF • ...-.:■..■- ■ ...-•; -_■
THE HEINRICH: RECITALS .
MR. AND MRS. MAX HEINRICH AND :
MISS JULIA HEINRICH. .
Interpreters of the Classics in Song!
PRICES. 76c AND $1 00. : -
BEATS ON SALE at Shermtn. Clay & Co.'»
Music Hou— :-j.: -j. r • J ■■ ' -■■"■ ■•■-••■■ '■ - > _
BENEFIT FOR THE
TEACHERS' MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
"■: ;?-"■■' METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.^^^g^
IN A PERSIAN GARDEN.
BY LIZA LEHMANN. - :
MRB. ALICE P. LUDLAM, Reader.
. THURSDAY EVENING. ■ October ■ 27, x 1838. '.
; Under the Direction of ■ Mr. : H. :B. . Paamore. .
Admission ......'..............-.6oc'
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. Doping
. the Winter Season. " ■' ■
ADMISSION 10c - -S - "- CHILDREN 1j
Bathing, i with admission, ' 25c; ; children, ; inc.
ADVEKTISEMENIS. *|
AREYOUW OF^sfOUT?
THEN TRY
MARIAN! WINE — —The Famous Tonic for Body and Brain.
' _ _ Marianl Wine gives power to th«
General, Sir Evelyn Wood. braln strength and elaatloity to th 9
y muscles and richness to the blood. It la
/T a promotor of good health and longer*
$k. i^riw Mariani "Wine Is endorsed by mor#
|T fif&^ ,&&!k " than 8000 American physicians. It. if
■ |^/aWv^^^^^ ># <- specially indicated for General Debil-
,\ V^^LSfir 1 S^^ 7 ity> Overwork, Profound Depression
W^ra^'^i^^^^ Js^jslSst and Exhaustion, Throat and Lung DU-
jt/^^^^f '^^^^x^'^- — • eases, Consumption and Malaria.
-'.■^^^S^Mfe^Sftfe^Sr Marianl Wine ie Invaluable for over-
worked men, delicate women and slck-
■/Wt\ lilyniffi lU^^?ir^nri ly children. It' soothes, strengthen*
/ \p\ x y-^^L^^Jk^S^^p and sustains the system, and braces
~ body and brain.
"Regarding the Infantry marching In the re- T<> those who wU , klndry write to MARl-
cent maneuvers. it was the best .seen during g Fifteenth street. NeW
avlneTSLvVs i} d^ru»ifs- o^™ To" at,.,, be sent. free, hoc, contain.n.
Btituent properties of the well-known Mariani portraits with indorsements of Emperors. Em-
Wine, the most certain as well as the most preBBi princes, Cardinals, . Archbishop*. a&4
palatable method of inducing resistance (to othftr , nter . Btlne matte
fatigue." From "The London Sketch.
Pal** Boulevard Haussmonn; London-83 Mortimer St.; Montreal-28-30 Hospital St.'
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWINJTHEATER.
EVERY EVENING. INCLUDING SUNDAY,
i Augustin Daly's Comedy,
LOVE IN HARNESS.
*" As Presented by the
FRA WLEY CO. and BLANCHE BATES
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices— 50c, 75c and %1.
leit Monday, "THE PRISONER OF ZENDA."
fSICkT'TZ Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. an-
il \J 1 C. • nounce that the CALIFORNIA
THEATER will reopen for the season next
Sunday night, Oct. 23. The attraction will be
the drama, •'THE SPAN OF LIFE," presented
by Wm. Calder's splendid Eastern Company, at
the New California Theater scale of prices. 15c,
25c, 35c and 50c. Seats now ready.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK— MATINEE
SATURDAY— A RESISTLESS TIDE
OF FUN.
THE REAL FUNNY BOYS,
MATHEWS AND BULGER,
Direction of Dunne and Ryley, in
. Their New Rag Tim» Opera,
BY THE SAD SEA WAVES
Company of 35, embracing NELLIE HAW-
THORNE and JOSIE DE WITT.
Coming..... "SOWING THE WIND."
T^C\ r T't^ Friedlander. Gottlob & Co. an-
11 \J 1 H.nounce that the , CALIFORNIA
THEATER will reopen for the season next
Sunday ■ night, Oct. 23. The attraction is to be
"THE SPAN OF LIFE." a drama of great
strength* presented by Wm. Calder's Company.
The New .California. Theater scale of prlceo—
15c. 25c, 35c and 50c. Seats now ready. '
MR. AND MRS. EDWIN MILTON
ROYLE AND COMPANY
In "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE" condensed to j
one act.
FELIX AND BARRY, ! Comedy Stars.
RAY BURTON, Equilibrist and Shooting Star.
LOUIS M. OR AN AT. Unique Whistler.
MARY NORMAN. Society Caricaturist.
JOHNSON AND DEAN. Darktown Aristocracy
HOWARDS COMEDY PONIES.
CARPOS BROTHERS. Gymnasts.
BIOGRAPH,' new views.
- Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chair* and Box Seats, 50c. "
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT WEEK— ROSSOW MIDGETS, JOHN
C. RICE, SALLY COHEN and Others.
~comedyj;heater.
THIS WEEK,
X CLARA THROPP.
In the Operatic Farce Comedy Success, ■
"WHERE'S MATILDA."
SOUVENIR MATINEES
Saturday— SOUVENIRS FOR ALL. ; 7
Sunday— THROPP' S PHOTOGRAPH.
PRETTY GIRLS. CATCHY MUSIC.
BRIGHT AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES.
Next Monday— MlSS CLARA THROPP—
Time— "THE LITTLE HUSSAR." j
' EVENING PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
Comedy Theater and HO Market st.
A young lady of my acquaintance in St. Louis was
tor a long time a chronic sufferer from dyspepsia. She
used to make use of a mixture prepared by the druggist
where the family traded, but one time when the supply
was exhausted and she was absent from home and had
not a copy of the prescription with her, she was at a losa
to know what to do and I recommended her to make
trial of Ripans Tabules. She purchased some and was so
greatly benefited by their use that she has been a regulaf
customer and a walking; advertisement for them ever sioc&
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kxel!ng, Proprietor and Manactr.
LAST NIGHTS OF ' : j'i . ; .
Tbe Merry Operatic Fantasies , A ; .
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN!"
Grand Matinee To Morrow at 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK.
Regal Revival of Lecocq's Masterpiece,
"GIROFLE-GIROFLA I"
Popular Prices 25 and 50 Cents.
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee. 250.
Our Telephone— Bush 9.
ALCAZARTHEATER.
• \ LAST WEEK. ;
Belasco and De Mille's drama. ;"■;
THE— -
WIFE!
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT WEEK— Special production. David,
Belasco's beautiful drama by the sea,
"MAY BLOSSOM."
IS™! 15c,25c f 35c,50c
PHONE MAIN 254.
ffiOROSCO'SGRANDK
v ALTJta Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
FOURTH WEEK OF
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Initial Production of the Thrilling Drama,
STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART!
AN ENTRANCING STORY!
EXQUISITE SPECTACULAR . EFFECTS!
SEE the deck of the S. S. Mistletoe and de-
struction of vessel by fire. Details of a French
execution. The guillotine.
POPULAR PRICES telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . .lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
IMLESIDE COURSING PARK.
next saturday~and sunday.
A GREAT EVENT!
AN OPEN STAKE!
; •■■ ■ ' ' '
December 5 and 6— PUPPY and OPEN
STAKES.
October 29 and 30— A Sapling and an Open
Stake.
Entrance fee to each stake will be %2 50.
To reach the Ingleslde Coursing Park take a
Mission-street car and it will land you at th«
gates.
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
fiI'MMART OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $125,569 to China.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat continues to advance.
Barley dull. Oats firm.
Corn quiet. Rye lower.
Hay and Feedstuffs about the earns.
Colored Beans declining.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter continues to decline.
Egg* and Cheese unchanged.
Stocks of Poultry large.
Another advance In Wine Grapes.
Dried Peaches firm. Other fruits dull.
No change in Provisions.
Hides about the same.
Meat market quiet.
Decreased exports of Produce.
Turpentine advanced.
EXPORTS OF" PRODUCE.
Exports of Produce from this port during the
first nine months of the year were $25,078,500.
against $2<»,773.5<'0 for the same time in 1887,
and were principally d'vlded as follows: To
Great Britain, $6,910,500; Atlantic ports. $2,102.
hina, $2,694,000; Japan, $3,14»,«oO; Africa,
$1,120,300; Australia, $1,145.00(1; Mexico, $1,129,-
I .'ntral America, $1,362,200; Hawaiian
Islands, $4,174,000.
MORE GOLD FROM AUSTRALIA.
The $3,570,914 In sovereigns and gold bullion
brought up from Australia by the last steamer
makes $32,283,643 from that country since
August, IS&7. All of this treasure is recoined
Into American money and goes to swell our
circulation.
IMPORTS OF WOOL AND WOOLENS.
Imports of Wool Into the United States for
August and for the first eight monthes of the
year compare as follows:
Eicht
August. Months.
1897 $2, 577, 867 $3 19, 00 1, 375
1898 .5.C11.179 80.349,678
In the first eight months of 1897 our Imports
of foreign Wool was $49,406,700. This year it
Is $9,580,100, or a saving of nearly $40,000,000 on
this single article. Imports of manufactured
Wool into the United States for the same
periods compare as follows:
Elzht
August. Months.
1897 G39.717 $37,714,479
ISSB 1.737.540 11,686,756
This is a further saving of over $28,000,000 in
the imports of foreign Woolens.
TREASL.UE SHIPMENT.
The China took out a treasure list of $125.
669. consisting of $124,674 in Mexican dollars
and $595 in gold coin. •
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct. 20—6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 62; Red Bluff. 90; Sacramento. S6;
Fresno, 86: San Luis Obispo. 76; Independence.
7S; Los Angeies, 82; San Diego, 6S; Yuma, 84.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
80, minimum 58, mean 69.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slightly over the
northern portion of the I'acific biope dun.ig u.e
past 24 hours, but it is still above the normal at
all stati. n.«.
The temperature has remained stationary In
all districts except along the central coast of
nia, where it has fallen. The tempera
ture is above the normal in all districts.
The weather is partly cloudy in Central Cali
fornia and along Puget Sound; elsewhere it Is
clear.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 21. 18*8;
Northern California — Fair, except partly
cloudy In the northwest portion Friday; fresh
southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
erly wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair; warmer Friday.
For San Francisco and viclnty— Partly cloudy
Friday; fresh southwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Clear; wind
southeast, 9 miles; temperature 73, maximum
temperature 75. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20- Considering the
apathy and indifference which have recently
been asserted on the stock market, the resist
ance made to-day on the depressing- influences
existing in all of the security markets waa
rather remarkable. Even at the opening prices
refused to yield to a parity of those estab
lished in London for Americans, but our open-
Ing and the rather heavy volume of offerings
for London account was easily absorbed at a
level sufficiently higher to make a very nice
profit for the arbitrage brokers. After the
1* r.i.n selling had ceased In the forenoon, the
market took on a hardening tendency and
broadened out to a very perceptible extent.
Prices of the grangers and other railroad
stock?. Including some In the list of those dealt
In on foreign exchanges, rose above yesterday's
level, or, at ihe least, retrieved the early losses.
Many recent;, inactive stocks were brought
Into the movement, and there was a resump
tion of the buying in small lots of some of the
•well secured dividend-paying stocks. The ex
planation of ths lay In the fact that what Is
European poison is to a certain extent our
meat. The striking evidence of this was dis
closed in the grain and provision markets,
■which were all excited and higher on the
eager competition for our products reflected
from all European markets as a result of the
lears of coming hostilities between Great Brit
ain and France. With a wheat crop of unpre
cedented dimensions to move, this development
•was bound to have an Influence on the grain
carrying roads. In former times threats of
■war in Europe had brought with It the dread
that the large foreign holdings of American
securities wuld be forced to liquidation on
the New York market. The Indifferent mood
In which this possibility was viewed to-day is
a striking proof of the large reduction which
lias been worked In the foreign holdings of
our securit.es as payment for last year's trade
balance In our favor. With the trade balance
all in our f.ivor is also the ground for indiffer
ence of the money markets abroad. European
government securities declined a sharp trac
tion and money rates advanced In sympathy
at all European centers. Yet the only effect
In the New York market was to harden the
rates for foreign exchange a fraction. As for
the local money market, not a ripple was
caused and rates for call money actually de
clined to IV4 per cent against the recent mini
mum of 2 per cent, with a range up to 24 per
cent. The strength of this country's financial
position could not be more strikingly illus
trated. Sugar found support at a moderate
decline and Tobacco was firm all day.
The market for bonds was not actire, but
prices wc-re well held. Total sales, $1,765,000
United States 2s declined 4, the 6s coupon
% and the old 4s registered and the new 4s
coupon and the 5s registered % in the bid
price.
The total sales of stocks to-day wem 175.700
shares. Including: Atchlson preferred 7343-
Burlington. 3720; Louisville and Nashville,
8875; Manhattan, 30.330; Metropolitan. 9280;
North American Company, 3205; Northern Pa
cific, 7815; Northern Pacific preferred, 4499;
Union Pacific. 4050: Union Pacific preferred
»3r,0; St. Paul. 7532; Union Pacific, Denver and
Gulf, 4600; Tobacco, 12.790: Sugar 19,850
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12%! Do prefd 158
Do prefd 33% St P M & M.... 168
Bait & Ohio .... 44 So Pacific 22V4
Can Pacific 79% So Railway 8%
Can Southern 61*4 < Do prefd 33%
Cent Pac 24 V1 Tex &. Pac 13*
Ches St Ohio .... 21ft j Union Pac 31%
Chi & Alton 163 I Do prefd 634
Chi B& Q 114% UP D A 0.... 1
Chi & E II 53 TV-abash 7%
Do prefd 106 Do prefd 19%
C C C & St L... 89% W&LE,4th ast pd 3%
Do prefd S6 Do prefdfr 17%
£*! & Hudson .. 102 Express Companies-
Del L & W 140 Adams Express .. 107
Del & Rio G 12% American Ex .... 130
Do prefd 63% United States ... 40
Erie (new) 12% Wells Fargo 120
Do Ist prefd ... 32% Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 171 A Cot Oil 35 tx
G Nor prefd .... 135% Do prefd 85
Hocking Val 3% Am Spirits 11%
Illinois Cen 107% Do prefd 34%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Am Tobacco lU'
Do pred 63 Do prefd 119
Lake Shore 190% People's Gaa 102%
Louis & Nash .. J4 Con Gas 175
Manhattan L 97% Com Cable Co .. 179
Met St. Ry 159 Col F & Iron 2fi%
Mich Cent 105 150 prefd 80
Minn & St L 27% Gen Elec (new) .. 78%
Do Ist prefd .. 90% 111 Steel 92
Mo Pacific 32% La Clede Gas .... 47
Mobile & Ohio .. 26 Lead 32
Mo K& T 10% Do prefd 109%
Do prefd 31% N Lin 00l 314
Chi Ind &- L 7% Haw Com Co .... 43$
Do prefd 27% Pacific Mail 31%
N J Central .... 85% Pullman Pal .... 196%
N V Central .... 116%! Silver Cer 60
NYC &St L.. 11% Stan R & Twine. 8%
Do Ist prefd ... 60 Sugar 112%
Do 2nd prefd .. 30 Do prefd 107%
Nor West 11 TC & Iron 26%
N Amer Co 6%, V 8 Leather 6
No Pacific 39% Do prefd 63%
Do prefd 74% D B Rubber 38
Ontario & W — 15 Do prefd 101
Or R & Nay .... 52 West Union 91%
Or Short Line .. 27 IC A N W 181
PlttPDurg 169 i Do prefd 176%
Reading 16% St L * 8 W 4%
Do Ist prefd .. 39% Do prefd 11
Rock Island lOOyi R G W 27
8t Louis &SF .. 7% Do prefd C 5
Do Ist prefd .. 62% P Coast Ist pref. 80
Do 2<l prefd .... 29%, Ho 2d perfd ... 60
6t Paul 107% Inl Paper Co DS
Do prefd 107% Do prefd 87
Do prefd 161 Chpo &G W 1374
8t P & Om 78% Minn Iron t r.... 175%
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 3s 105% N J C 6« 113%
U B new 4s reg...l2?H N Carolina 6s 122
Do coup 127* Do 4a 103
tT S 45......; 110% No Pac 15t5........ 116%
Do coup 11114 DO 35.. ............. 6tg»
Do 2ds 98% | Do 4s - T .....100%
U 6 5B5 B reg ...... Ill* N V C ft St L *5..ia4%
Do 6s coup 112%, N0r & W (is 123
District 3.65s 117% Northwestern c0n. 143
Ala class A 10$ | Do deb 5s 120%
.Do B 108 O Nay lsts 11*
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 99%
Do Currency..... 105 O S Line 6s tr....127;
Atchison 4s 93% O B Line 6a £••••««%
Do ad) 49 -71% Pacific i>s of 95... .102%
Can So M 5.... 108% Reading -Is SO A
Chi Term 48 90 >i Rl! W 15t5........ k.
C & Ohio 55... 116 Bt L&I M C 85..'»6%
CHAD 44e 104% St Li SF O 65. .119
D& KG lsts 11l St P C0n....... ....159%
5 & R Q 4s 97% StPCiP lsts..l|9Vi
East Term 1et5. ...107 Do Bs. ; 11.?*
Erie Gen 45........ 70 So Railway us 97%
p TV ft D lsts tr... 741.4 Stand R & T 65.... 75
Gen Elec "is I'is'-j. Tcnn new set 33... 94
G H & S A 65.... 104 Tex Pac I; G lsts.lO<
Do Ma 105 Do Ujr 2ds 44%
II ATC 5b 11l Union Pac 4s 99%
Do con «s 110*4 V P D & G lsts... 76%
lowa C l«ts 105% Wab Ist 5s 113V<
Lii new consols 4s. 105 j Do 2ds 88%
£ & N TV.i (a 90% W Shore 45....:.:.10?%
Missouri 5s I™ Va Centuries 754
MX & T 2<3s 62% Do deferred 5
Do (a SS% Wls Cent lsts 68%
N V Central lstS..ll7\ \
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 5 Ontario 3 J5
Crown Point UlOphir *g
Con. Ca! & Va.... 60 Plymouth §
Deadwood 46 Quicksilver 1 -■■
fJould & Curry ... 10 Do prefd 8»0
flale & Norcross.. 75 Sierra Nevada .... •■■■'
lomestake 50 0d Standard IP
ron Silver 60 Union Con IB
Mexican SlVellow Jacket 1U
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- ,Ed Elec Tel 90
Call loans 203 Gen Elec prefd... .107
Time loans 3&4 Atchison prefd 33%
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & S F 12% Atchison 4? 93
Amer Sugar 112% Wis Central 65.... 126%
Do prefd 107% Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas.... 1% Allouez Mln C 0... 4
Bell Telephone.... 277 Atlantic 2714
Boston & Albany.. 2so Boston & [M0nt.... 183
Boston L 70 Butte & Boston... 324
Chi Bur & Q 114% Calumet & Hec1a..575
FKchburg 104»t i Centennial 19%
Gen Electric ...... 77 Vi Franklin !S%
Mexican Central.. 44 Old Dominion 2sv»
Old Colony 103 Osceola 64
Rubber 374!Qulncy 122
Union .Pacific 32 I Tamarack 19714
West End 'Wolverine H*
Do prefd 10S Parrott 23 1 -
Westlngrhouse El.. 34 iHumboldt 11%
Do prefd 57 I
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were flat throughout to-day de
spite a feeble attempt at a rally at mldday
and prices closed at the lowest. The depres
sion was increased by the rise In the Bank of
France rate. Nevertheless the Paris bourse
was surprisingly calm, and even bought some
of its specialties. The decline here was led by
consols on bear sales, 11-16 per cent being paid
for put options In consols until the end of No
vember and small insurance risks on stork
transactions nt Lloyds against war with
France being effected as high as twenty guineas
until the end of the year.
Americans were flat. German specialties
were sold from Berlin.
Politics is checking and even demoralizing
business, but there is no real alarm as yet.
The stock exchange Is well prepared for event
ualities in the sense that the speculative ac
count for a rise is very small, but on the
other hand there Is scarcely any bear position
to support prices.
The London discount market was stronger
again to-day. The bank Is getting firm con
■ the market ami the market to-day had
to borrow from It. French exchange is much
unsettled at yesterday's high figure, the Paris
open market having risen sharply.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— Canadian Pacific, 82%;
Grand Trunk. 7. Bar Silver, steady, 27 7-16 d.
Money. 3 per cent.
MADRID, Oct. 20.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 03.70.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20— There was more ac
tivity In the wheat market to-day. The sharp
rise of 3d In prices at Liverpool, the recent
continued heavy export business and the war
like character of the news from Paris and
London over the dispute between England and
France combined to stimulate a revival of
speculation. The market was excited here and
2c higher at 76?jc for December, and maintain
ed the advance despite commission house profit
taking sales and the action of Western opera
tors continuing their previous policy of oppos
ing the improvement. There was a big export
business despite the advance and the higher
freight rates asked and over 150 car loads or
1,200,000 bushels were taken here and at the
outports up to the close. Some houses said
there were upward of 200 loads taken, but ex
porters were reticent and no more than 1,200,000
could be confirmed. As has been recently the
case, the demand was both from the United
Kingdom and the Continent. This makes the
total export engagements of the week to about
4,000,000 bushels, against 6,000,000 taken last
week.
This is the largest business transacted In
wheat for export for the period since the great
scramble to buy here in IS'JI, when the Rus
sian crop was Insufficient to meet that coun
try's requirements and exports were prohibited.
There was also a big export demand for corn
and the foreigners took over 1.000,000 bushels
here and at the outports for shipments, prin
cipally to the Continent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20— FLOUR— Receipts, 18,
887; exports, 3871 barrels; strong and higher
but rather quiet as buyers were unwilling to
pay the advance asked. Winter natenta, $3 75
©4 10; straits, $3 bi> r »3 75; Minnesota patents,
U<3* 40.
WHEAT— Receipts. 139,875 bushels: exports.
19L.749 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 794 c
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened stronr and ex
cited on advance In cables and politics abroad.
After shorts were filled realizing developed and
with the suboequent decline at Livery 00l prices
weakened considerably, closing I^4Sl%c net
higher; May. 73 11-16<&744c; closed 73T4C.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— The feature of the metal market
to-day was a sharp reaction In tin not alto
gether looked for, considering the rapidity With
which that metal has recently advanced. Busi
ness In the aggregate was smaller than earlier
In the week, with sellers rather than buyers at
former prices. Spelter and copper exhibited a
fairly firm front but lacked Interesting new
developments. At the close the Metal Exchange
reports :
PlGlßON— Warrants unchanged, with $7 bid,
$7 15 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged; buyers and sell
ers at Sl2 50.
TlN— Lower; unsettled; 17.50 c bid, 17.75 c
asked.
LEAD— Easy: 3.774 c bid, 3.824 c asked. The
firm naming the settling price for leading min
ers and smelters at the West quotes lead 3.70 c.
SPELTER— Quiet; buyers and sellers at 6c.
COKFEE — Options — Dull ; unchanged to 5
points lower. Sales C 750 bags. Including Octo
ber, $5 25. Spot coffee— Rio, dull and feature
less; No. 7 Invoice, 64c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, B<ffl6c.
SUGAR— Raw— Firm, with upward tendency;
fair refining. 3%c; centrifugal, 9B test, 4<4c:
molasses, 34c. R«flned— Firm, with upward
tendency.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2f>9o packages; steady.
Western creamery. 15@224<*; Elglns, 224 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5227 packages; firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 21; Western. 20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20— California dried fruits:
APPLES— Steady; other fruits firmer.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7®Bc per
pound; prime wire tray, S4c; choice, 9c; fancy,
$4c.
PRUNEB— 64®7%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 104@14c; Moorpark, 11®
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 84®llc; peeled, 144*3
18c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 20.— An old-fashioned Euro
pean war scare, with all the trimmings, was
the controlling Influence In Wheat at the open
ing. Before business started here reports from
the other side were to the. effect that grain
markets were excited and up equal to &%@6Kc,
and English consols %(it% lower. In addition
to that, , there were reports from New York of
enormous ; export engagements of Wheat by
Europe. Minneapolis reported sales. of 130,000
barrala of Flour yesterday, of which a third
were for export, and .: there were advices of
eight inches of snow In portions of the North
west, which had been relied upon to supply a
good portion of the coming movement of spring
Wheat from first hands. - An enormous business
was transacted here, for instance, one firm
that had bought calls Tuesday night on fully
2,000,000 bushels of Wheat were credited with
having sold 1,500,000 bushels ,of it during the
first hour. The demand ' was such that the
grain was steadily absorbed, and the price,
after a slight dip on some profit - taking, ad
vanced to . a higher figure than It , had ; yet
reached. By noon December, which had started
2&2% c higher than Tuesday's close at 67%f365c,
had advanced to 68% c, and May. kept about lc
higher. The highest prices of . the day were
reached when December rose to 68Vi@6S%c, due
to the covering of a large . line of Wheat •by a
local speculator. At its conclusion- the market
sagged back to about the opening figure, De
cember selling at 68c sellers. '
The foreign situation was reflected , In ■ Corn,
which started at a - sharp ; advance. ■ Cable
acceptances were enormous. ■ The ' gain at the
opening was well i held ' throughout, f December
closing with a gain of %<fMc on the day.
The speculative : considerations which moved
the other grains were shared In by Oats. There
was an . excellent demand . for cash and prices
ruled %c higher. 'The close was at an advance
of \4®sic for the May option: -v v
The bull sentiment In Provisions was stimu
lated by : the ■ developments ■ In the r general
speculative situation : In • food > supplies. : ; Shorts
were : forced to cover and they secured most of
the property from firms with English and Con
tinental connections. Pork and lard left off at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
an advance of 12^4c each ■ and rlb» rose ■7%
@10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— „
October .... •••• "8
December..... 68 GS94 67H 68
May 68% 69% 6S<* 68%
Corn No. 2— „„,.
October 32 ~ 32% 32 32H
December 32% 32 •{ 32% 32%
May 35 35% 34% 34%
Oats No. 2— „,,
December 23% 24% 234 . 234
Mar ......-........'... 24% 24% 24% 2*V4
Mess Pork, per bbl— ■•; „ .
December ...8 15 816 8 074 810
January 9 35 9 40 9 274 ■ 9 324
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 5 074 5 124 505 5 124
January .....5 15 620 5 12% 5 174
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 5 45 8 45 5 40 5 40
January .....4 85 4 87% 480 4 87%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. I Spring Wheat, G7@6Bc: No. 3 Spring
Wheat, 6?4c ; No. 2 Red, 684@"0c: No. 2
Corn, 82% c: No. 2 Oats. 24c; No. 2 White. 26®
27c: No. 3 White, 25@26c; No. 2 Rye, 49% c; No.
2 Barley. 82©46 c; No. 1 Flaxseed. 94@'96c; Prime
Timothy Seed, $2 35; Mess Pork, per bbl. $S 05
®8 10; Lard, per 100 lbs. $5 1006 15; Short Ribs
Sides (loose), $5 20@5 45: Dry Salted Shoulders
(boxed), $4 50ig4 75; Short Clear Sides (boxed).
$5 30@5 40: Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.600 21.400
Wheat, bushels ...240,300 94.800
Corn, bushels 754,400 447,500
Oats, bushels 542,800 408,800
Rye, bushels 48,200 1.000
Barley, bushels 168,600 45.200
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
market was firm; Creameries, 13^21 Dairies.
12@lSo. Eggs, firm; fresh. 15c. Cheese, steady;
unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis .389.120 42.400
Duluth 618.306 878.509
Milwaukee 67.600 4.550
Chicago 240,353 94.702
Toledo 39.922 18,000
rfctiSit 1 " .:'."".'.".::".'.''.'.'.'.".'.'.:: mm* '«."m«
Kansas City 85,500 83.000
Totals ••
Tidewater— _
New°^rw:::::::::::::":::::v^67 3 irim
New York u .:::::::::::::::::::ituS 191.849
Philadelphia 35.480 20,474
naltimore 145.140 158,370
New Orleans
Galveston
Totals •
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Oct. Dec. Mar.
Opening •- 6 B>4 6 02%
Closing 6 03 6 02
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. 1 -Apr. ,
Opening « 75 46 75
Closing *8 00 47 75
Wheat— „ _ „, _
Opening 21 75 2175
Closing ..« 22 00 22 10
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. CATTLE— In good de
mand. Choice steers, $5 45<£ 3 90; medium, $4 90
',<:, 15; beef steers, $4@4 85; stockers and feed
ers, $3@4 70; bulls, $2 50@4 25; cows and heifers,
$3 sCff4 25; calves. $3®7 25; Western rangers,
$2 4 (4 70; Western fed steers, $4@5 50; Texans, j
J3 50@4 25.
HOGS— Active. Fair to choice, $3 85<?3 97%;
packing lots, $3 55#3 82»; butchers . $3 60@4;
mixed. $3 60@3 974; lights, $3 55<g3 97%; pigs,
J2 .Ssfj3 75.
SHEEP— sold at $4@4 60 for Inferior
to $'. 75@6 for choice to extra, few selling over
$5 80 or below $4 75. Sheep sold at fZ@3 75 for
ordinary up to $4 50@4 75 for good to choice,
yearlings fetching $4 85@5. Feeders were again
free buyers at $4®4 15 for sheep and $4 90@5 20
for lambs. Western range sheep sold at $4@4 JO
and range lambs at $4 9005 70.
Receipts— 10,000; Hogs, 29,000; Sheep,
16,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 20.— CATTLE—
1000. Best, strong:; others, slow. Native steers,
$4@5 40; cows and heifers, $1 25<fH 30; stockers
and feeders, $2 75@4 50; bulls, $2i@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts 11,000. Market opened
steady: closed weak to 5c lower. Bulk of
sales $3 60«r3 75; heavies, $3 «2>> ! '(f3 75: pack
ers, i. 55@3 TVA; mixed, $3 50@3 70; lights, $3 60
@3 70; piKS, $3 50@3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts 6000. Market steady.
Lambs, $3 75@5 50; muttons, $3fj 4 75.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 5500.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 50(55 40;
Western steers, $3 7004 50; cows and heifers,
$3 25@4; stockers and feeders, $3 50<@4 50; calves,
U 50@6 50: bulls and stags, $2 2.Vri3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 6800. Market steady to
shade lower. Heavy. $3 67H@3 724; mixed,
*3 674<fi3 70; light, $3 724@3 77%; bulk of
t>ales, »3 67V;tfi3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts 3000. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 7O'tf4 40; Westerns, 13 60@4 25;
lambs, »4 25!g5 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, Oct. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1100.
Market steady to firm. Beef steers, $3 75@4 SO;
cr.wy, $2 50^3 50; feeders, freight paid to river,
13 7804 30; 'stockers, freight paid, %3 70^4 25;
bulls, stags, etc., $2'<t3.
HOGS— Receipts, 500. Market strong and 7c
higher. Light packers, $3 75@3 80; mixed, $3 70
(g3 75: heavy, $3 55(53 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 7000. Market steady to
firm. Good fat muttons, $3 25@4 25; lambs,
$4<66.
CALIFORNIA FIGS IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The scarcity of Smyrna layer
Figs Is affording an opportunity for the intro
duction here of California fruit on a much
larger scale than ever before attempted, and
already we hear that large sales have been
mad* in Eastern markets, nnd much more
could be sold were stock available. The goods
come In layers In ten-pound boxes and also
In one-pound bricks packed in ten-pound cases,
the latter seeming to be more popular owing
to the ease with which they can be handled
by the retail trade. The quality of California
Figs, particularly those from the northern sec
tion, has been very much Improved, and gives
fair satisfaction to Eastern buyers. So far this
year receipts of Smyrna Figs In ciißes have
amounted to but 13m cases, against 7592 cases
to same date last year, when there was a com
paratively- small crop.
BOSTON, Oct. 20.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay, $I@l 65, average $1 27; double
crates, |2 10©l 10, average $2 80; Cornlchonß,
single crates, $1 30tffl 60, average, $1 35. Weath
er dry and favorable. One car sold.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Porter Bros.' Com
pany sales California fruit: Grape* — Tokays,
66c@tt -«0 single crate; Muscats, 85c@$l 40;
Black Moroccos, $1 20; assorted, 65c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— Consols, lOSTfc; silver,
27 11-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 90c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
sellers at advance 6d; cargoes Walla Walla,
3'^. Bnftllsh country markets, generally dearer.
LIVERPOOL., Oct. 20.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California. 6s lOdrgSs 10Hd ; wheat In
Paris, strong; flour In Parts, strong; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 I-IM.
CLOSE:
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2 red Northern spring,
firm, 6s sd. Futures— Closed quiet; December,
6s 3d: March. 8s 2d.
PORTLAND' B BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 20.— Exchanges, $354,
883; balances, $88,341.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 20.— The local Wheat
market was strong to-day In sympathy with
Europe and the East, and bids of 61@62c for
Walla Walla were plentiful, with from H@lc
more being paid occasionally fof round lots of
something fancy, with Interior bids as high
as 64c for Walla Walla. In Portland 64c was
the top for valley, while blue stem was quoted
at 653J66C.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 20.— Wheat— Club,
61% c; blue stem, 64%c.^
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — < X. 1 ,
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — .20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 4714 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A large foreign demand ha« caused
a further advance In the different markets of
the world, and this market, of course, ig rising
In sympathy. The advance Is therefore legiti
mate. The local Inquiry for shipping Is brisk,
but milling descriptions do, not advance as
rapidly as shipping, owing to the sharp compe
tition of Oregon Flour in this market. Futures
are very active at the advance.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 22%@1 23%; milling,
$1 25@1 27%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
30,000 ctls, $126; 64,000, $125%; 22,000, $125%;
30,000. $1 25%: 16,000, fl 25%; 12,000, $1 25%; 12,
000, $1 26%: 16,000. $1 26%.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 25%;
2000, $1 25%; 28,000, $1 26%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 24,000
ctls. $125%; 4000, $125%; 6000. $125%: 66,000,
$1 25.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctla,
$12.'%: 12.000, $1 26%; 88,000, $1 2r>?4.
BARLEY— The market does not seem to lm
prove with Wheat, and Is dull and nominal.
Feed, $1 20@l 23%; Brewing. $1 25 for No. 2.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December — 4000 ctls, $1 25;
2000 (brewing), $1 30.
OATS— The market, though quiet, sympa
thizes with Wheat, and is firm.
Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 MOl 224; confmon. $1 15@1 17%; Surprise.
$1 30@l 35; Gray, $1 15^1 174; milling, $1 20®
1 27% per ctl; Red, $1 404fl 45; Black, $1 60Q>
1 70.
CORN— The influx from the East continues
and the market is quiet and weak.
Small round yellow. $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 024@l 05; -white, $1 024^1 OS; mixed.
SWI 024 per ctl; California White. $1 05@l 07%.
RYE— Is lower under large offerings; Califor
nia. $1 20<3>l 224; Eastern, $1 174 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern is quoted at $1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ti 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $3 £.',!&3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4(84 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 S&Qt 26; in sacks, $5 Cs#-J 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 20; Green Peas, $4 CO
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Beyond a further decline In Alfalfa, which
is coming In freely, Hay shows no change In
quotations, one way or the other. There Is
no outside Hay on the market at the moment.
Fcedstuffß remain unchanged.
BRAN— SISI6I6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@2O per ton.
FEEPSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $26 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31(g31 50; Jobbing,
$32fi32 50: Cocnanut Cake. $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2S(i?3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@24 50;
Cracked Corn, $24<g-25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $17@1S 50 for
good to choice and $15016 for lower grades; no
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $15@17 50;
Oat, $14(515 50: Island Barter, $12 50rg!13 50: Al
falfa, $10@l0 50; Stock $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTRIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
nominal.
STRAW— SO(97Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Colored Beans are weak and Pinks are lower.
White descriptions are steady, but quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 80^1 90; Small Whites.
■-' 17V4; Large Whites, $1 6(XS~I 70: Pinks,
$2fi2 10; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $3 25f£3 50;
Butters, nominal; Limas. $3 26@3 30; Pea, $190®
2 10; Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4<S4 25; Flax, nominal; Ca
nary Seed, 2.4<.CV '<r In: Alfalfa, 6'fj'6 l /4c;
Rape, 2%'(?2%c; Hemp.'234@3c; Timothy, s@sV6c.
DRIED I'EAiJ- Niles, $1 2a(tjl M), Ureen, $1 60
®1 76 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Previous prices rule for all kinds, and the
market Is devoid of feature.
POTATOES— 4O@SOc for Early Rose and 35®
50c for Ri\er Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 76c
@$1 20; Oregon, 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l
for nearby and $l!gl 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— 3O@4Oc per ctl; Pickle Onions 35®
50c per ctl.
VKGETABLES— Green Peas, 3<fl3V4c; String
Beans, 2@3c; Lima Beans, 75c(a$l per sack;
Bay Squash, 30<1pj,4uc; Green Peppers. 60(g60c for
Chili and 50(a6i>e for Bell; Cabbage. 50c; Car
rots, 35<g50c per Back; Bay Cucumbers, 40@50c;
Tomatoes, 40©60 c; Garlic, 3c per lb; Green
Okra, 50@«5c; Dried Okra, 10c per Id; Egg
Plant, 40@60c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $S@
10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
siloed, raw, 12c per Tt> In lots of 25 Ins; sliced,
desiccated, l&iflSc; granulated, raw, 13c:
Onions, 60c: Carrotß, old, 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30e; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There is still pome unsold Eastern on band,
and as local stock is also In good supply the
feeling continues weak.
Game arrived in better condition, though
there was some spoiled stock which had to go
low.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 14<&'lto for Gob
blers and 13@15c for Hens; Geese per pair,
$1 25"5"1 50; Goslings, $1 2. r .J)I SO: Ducks, Hftit for
old and M'Jj'B for young; Hens, $4@5; Roos
ters, young, MOS; Roosters, old, S4@4 50;
Fryers, $3 60® 4 ; Broilers, $3 60 for large; $3@>
325 for small; Pigeons, $10125 per dozen for
old and $1 60@2 for sauabs.
GAME—
Quail, $202 25: Mallard. $5 50@« CO; Canvas
back. *7 60@8; Sprig, *3@4; Teal. »2@3 60; Wid
geon, $2?f2 60; Small Duck, $1 60#2; English
Snipe, $1 50<fi2; Jack Snipe. $I<Bl 60; Gray
Geese. $2; White Geese, $1; Hare, $1: Rabbits,
$1 25@1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Second creameries are In heavy supply and
hard to sell, though sellers make free conces
sions, and this weakens the market for fancy
grades. Prices are still lowed.
Fancy Eggs are firm, but all other kinds are
deaw and dull. There Is no scarcity.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 25(§26c; sec
onds, 20©24 c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22%@23V40; common
grades, 20@22c.
Pickled Goods— 18(g'20c; pickled roll,
19(&>21c; creamery tub, 21@22»*c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, lS@l6}»o per
Ib; Elgin. 22®-22M:C.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 10@llc; old, SM&
9Hc; Cream Cheddar, 10@Uc; Young America,
lOSS'UVic; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 30@35c.per dozen; store
Eggs, lS@2sc; Eastern, 15®18c for ordinary and
22y23c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Another . advance in Wine Grapes is noted
and the market is strong at the advance. Sup
plies of taW a Grapes are moderate, but there
Is no advance.
Peaches are In such light supply that they
are hardly worth quoting. Quinces are very
firm. Cantaloupes continue to advance.
Limes are still out of market, but new sup
plies are expected Monday.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—. :
Strawberries, $1 50<g3 per chest for large and
$7 for small.
Figs, 234<50c per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes, 75c(g$l per crate; Nutmegs, Bo@
75c per box; . atermplonn. $15© 17 per hundred
for large and $S«l2 for small to medium.
HuckUberrles, 5:3 <5e per lb.
Quinces, "sc«j>sl per box.
Pomegranates, 50@75c per small box.
Cranberries, $8 per barrel for Eastern and
$2 r.iifd 75 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary GrapefQ 26@50c per box: crates sell
about 10c hitche.r than boxes" : Isabellas, 50075 c
per crate; Wine Grapes, $18@21 per ton for
Zlnfandel and $14'f?lC for common kinds.
Plums 35(iS/75c per crate and box.
Peaches, 60@75c per box.
Raspberries, 15((t6 per chest. '■ "* ■
Apples,' 35<gs60c for ■ common, 75@S5c per box
for No. 1 and 90c@$l for choice.
Winter Pears. 35<575c per box. >
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 Bo@2 50 for
Valenclas. $1 25@1 50 for Mediterranean Sweets
and $I@l 25 for Ings;. Lemons, $1 50@2 ."0
for common and $3i@s for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, none here; California Limes, :
Bananas. $1.25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3
®4 per dozen. ■ ■ -"-:
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
The course of the market continues 'to puzzle
the oldest heads in the business. The crop was
short and spot stocks are light everywhere/but
still the market Is . stagnant. Peaches alone
show life, and they are firm with an Improv
ing demand.
DRIED FRUIT— fi>/4<s>7c for 40-50" s,
6@sHc for 50-60' s, 4@4K for 60-70' s, 3%@3«c for
70-80' 2%@3c for 80-90' s, 2%©2V4c for <?0-100'e
and-l«@2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. s<&>7c;
Peaches, 6ig7V-c for good to choice. • 7V4®Sc for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10@
12c for Royals • and - 12@12V4c . for MoorparK:
Evaporated Apples,/. 7 l £@7MiC; sun drle'l, 40
4Hc; Black Figs, sacks, . 2<§»2 1 -3e; Plums, 4>/4<3>
«c for : pitted - and . l@lV4c for unpittsJ; ' Nec
tarines, 6@7c ' for prime to fancy; . Pear«, 6^7
for quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, ie for thre*
crown, 4%c for four-crown, 4V4@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3Uc for Seedless Muscatels and $1 50
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2c,
• Walnuts, 6c for hardshell,- 7c for son
shell: Almonds, s@6c for hardsell,.- l?o for
Boftshell, 13®14c for paper-shell : Peanuts, -i®
6V4c for Eastern and 4 Vic . for California; Pc-
HONEY— 10@llc for brlKht and B@9c
for lower grades; » wafer white extracted, 6*4*31
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; , dark, 6@6Ho
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26r per lb. .
PROVISIONS. .
CURED MEATS— 7Hc per Ib for
heavy. 8c for light medium. 100 for light. 10V4o
for extra light and 12@12Hc for sugar I cured j
Eastern - sugar-cured Hams, 10c ; California
Hams, 9@9%c; Mesa Beef, $10@10 50 per - bbl;
extra Megs Beef. »11@11 50; Family Beef. *12@
12 50; extra Prime Pork." $10; extra clear, $18®
IS 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2o
per lb. "-•;,.-■ ■.-.. .--.-r '■■.-. ■*-.- "* ■-'■ '.. ■■ ; « : .'- : -.--' ■■
LARD— Eastern,' tierces, quoted at 5Uc per lb
for compound and' 6%@7c for i pure; palls, ■, 7Vic;
California tierces, r 4*l ©5c per . lb for compound
and 6c for pure: half barrels, ~ 6V.-c; 10-lb . tins.
V-e; 5-lb tins. 7Vic. '; , • ...
• COTTOLENE — Tierces, s T<,<S>6'<,c;T <,<S>6'<,c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, "6o in a case, 9Hc;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, i%c;s-lb pails.. 12 In a
case, 1 BV4c: * 10-lb pails, :* 6 in a case. S%c: ; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, : BHc; faney ' tubn. 80 ' lbs net, . 7%c: half
-els. about 110 \h*. 7%c.
: HIDES, TALLOW. WO*' 'AND HOPS.
... The : Hide circular of W. B. Sumner & Co.
says: '■ "The Hide 'business^remains about .the
same 'as s, when g. we j last *J advised." y Prices i are
liberal and values well: sustained. ' fc . "->"
• "As ■ Hides ! are iln " good r condition and ; short
■ ■ :■ -•■■- .-■■.- -. -. ..■■'. :- i .i: '-... .-..■■•■■•■, ' ■ ■ ;.-.•'
haired at the present time, they are w"rth
relatively more than those Hides which will
be taken off in the winter months, when tne
grubs commence to show, the hair becomes
longer and the Hides are in a wetter conai
"Some lines of leather are active, and In
consequence Hides continue firm. Harness ana
skirting have created a demand for the nea\
ler grade of Hides, and It looks as though the
Hide market would continue at the present
prices for a time at least. For the local mar
ket we quote: , ,
"Wet Salted Heavy Steers are in demand ror
harnesß and skirting.
"Wet Salted Medium and Light Steers are
fairly active.
•Wet Salted Cows sell quite readily.
■Wet Salted Kip, Veal and Calf rule at full
rates.
"The Tallow market continues fairly active
at full prices. The dry season in California
has materially lessened the output of tallow,
and the supplies which are now coming in tnis
city are hardly suiflclent for the demands cv
trade. Clean, hard tallow is in active demand;
the better grades are freely bought, and tne
No. 2 or poor stock Is fairly active.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light, BV4c; Cow
hides. B^«9Hc; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, it": culls and brands,
12©18 c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15^25c each: short wool,
30©50e each: medium, 60^ 80c; long wool, 90c<??
$1 10 each; Horre Hides salt. $1 75fT2 for large
and $I@l 50 for small; Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@l 75 for large and $1 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3V 4^34c per lb:
No. 2. 2>4<g2%c; refined, 4'4'S'4%c: Grease. 2c.
WOOL— IB 97 clip. Southern Mountain, 7<Sloc;
free Northern, 9tfsl2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9(ffllc: San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', S^lOc; Foothill and
Nortnern, free, 12fil4c; Foothill and Northern,
defective. 10«t~12c: Middle County. 13W16c; Hum
boldt and Mendpcino. 14W16c; Nevada, 10<ftl4c;
Eastern Orr-on, 10012 c: Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB9B crop. ll®l4c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags. 26<8>28c; San
Quern In Bags, $4 85: Fruit Bags, oc, sAc and
5%c for the three grades of white and 7@&c for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $10 in bulk and $11 25
In Aacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; RocK Springs and Castle
Oate, $7 60: Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
ST'GAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
anti Fine Crushed, 7V»c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy-
Granulated, BHc; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A. 6c; California A. 5%c; Magnolia A,
5%c; Extra C, f>Vic: Golden C, 5Hc; half -barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes hie more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
TURPENTINE— Is higher at r,3c per gallon
In cases and 48c In drums or iron barrels.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6@6>4c; second quality,
s'-ic; third quality. 4<&50.
VEAIv — Large SvCc; small, 6V"@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes, 6ig>6V6c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 7W»c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%®3%ic for large. *@*H,c
for medium and 3V 4 @3i4c for small; stock Hogs.
2&3 c; dressed Hogs. SV t @&%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
Fot Thursday. October 20.
Flour, qr sks ... 11.55S Hops, bales 15
Barley, ctls 1.370 Wool, bales 43H
Cheese, ctls 141 Raisins, bxs 1,324
IJutter, ctls 131 Polts. bdls US
Tallow, ctls 112 Hides, no 3'S
Beans, s>ks 2.071 Eggs, doz 8.310
Potatoes, sks ... 3.770 Lime, bbls 273
Onions, sks 776 Leather, rolls ... 175
Hran. sks I.IM Lumber, ft 80,000
Middlings, sks .. IK \Y!ne. gals 171,150
Hay, tons , 654 Sugar, sks 2.850
Straw, tons 5
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,464!0at5. ctls 2.420
Wheat, ctls 13.920 i Potatoes, sks ... 1,650
Barley, ctls 1.25f' I Middlings, sks .. 428
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 7,5001 Barley, ctls 11.000
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2.0001 Rye, ctls 420
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William S. Mc-Lellan to Mary 8., Mary P.,
Mary O. and George B. McLellan, lot on S line
if Washington street, 103 W of Polk. W 32:6 by
S 12T:SU; gift.
Fame to same, lot on S line of Washington
street, 135:6 W of Polk. W 32:6 by S 127:8^;
Joseph Becker to Anna C. Becker (wife), lot
on 8 line of Hayes street, 137:6 E of Gough, E
27:6 by S 120, reserving life estate; gift.
Emll Barth to Julia Barth, lot on NE corner
of Bush and Baker streets, N 85 by E 32:6;
Emanuel and Theresa Lewis to John W.
Wright lnt on N line of Twenty-second street,
101:7 W of Church. W o0:ll by N 114; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Richard and
George Ross, lot on S line of Twentieth street,
105 E of Castro. E 25 by S 114; $10.
Same to Pelden fcturses. lot on S line of
Twentieth street, 354 B of Castro, E 25 by 6
114; !10.
Mathew White to Matthew J. and Margaret
White lot on N line of Union street, 117:6 E
of Kearny, E 20 by N 57:6: gift.
John and Hannah McGregor to Edward C.
Harrison, undivided one-tenth interest In lot
on W line of Tennessee street, 25 S of Eigh
teenth (Solano). S 25 by W 100; also all inter
est in Potrero Nuevo, block 376; *150.
Harry L. and Hattle Jones to Wallace A.
Brlggs. lot on E line of Fourteenth avenue, 192
N of B street, N 96 by W 255; J2500.
John F and Anna M. Plumbe to John A.
Drlnkhouse, lot on SE corner of Preclta avenue
and York street. E 25 by S 100. lot 4 Ray and
Plumbe's subdivision of lots 228 to 231. Preclta
Valley lands; $700.
Alameda County.
George W. Scott to Charles T. Rodolph, lot
on S line of Seventeenth street 50 E of Jeffer
son, E 50 by S 50, block 270, Oak and; K.
George Plckford to Ida M. Pickford, lot on
N line of East Fourteenth street, 100 E of
Twenty-third avenue. E X N 100 E 26. N 50,
W SO S 150 to beginning, East Oakland ; gift.
Hugh M. Cameron to Agnes Brown, lot on
KF line of Eleventh avenue, 190 NE of East
Twentieth street. NE 10 by SE 160, block 127,
Clinton East Oakland; $10.
Ann B Whlrton to Thomas Gilsenan. lot on
E line of Walnut street. 554 N of College way.
S 50 E 136-6, N 52,. W 136:6 to beginning, being
lot 22 AVhltton Tract, Berkeley: »5.
Francisco O. and Rosa J. Mello to Manuel P.
de Borba lots 17 and 13. block H. Tract B,
Berk-ley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley; $800.
John R. H. Smyth (by attorney) to Caroline
H Breed, lot on N line of Berkeley way. I.tO
E of California street, B W by N 123, being lot
13, range 11. Hardy Tract Berkeley; $10
William A. Ryan to Claudia R. O'Brien, lot
16, block D. TVrcy Tract. Berkeley: $10
■William J Laymance et al. (by commissioner)
to A C. Henry, lot 17. block 2; lots 13. 14 and
16 block' 3; lots 18 and 19, block 6; lots 7 to 11.
14 18 to 22, block 7; lot 6. block 9: lots in and
20 block 10; lots 7, S, IS and 20. block 11; lots
1 to 6, 13 to 19, block 12: lots 5, IS. 19 and 22,
block 13; lot 16, block 20. and lots 2 and 3,
block 8, all In the Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $4046.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Caterlna Careg
glo lots 1 and 2, block 1, of Berthier's addition
to Jones Tract, Brooklyn Township: $300.
Horace S. Seaton to Mary E. Seaton. lot on
PK corner of Clinton avenue and Sherman
street, S 50, E 150. N 50. TV ISO to beginning,
being portion of Fitch and Sharon Tract. Ala
meda; also iot on E line of Sherman street. 90
S of Clinton avenue. E 125, S 210. W 43. N 210
to beginning, being portion of same, Alameda;
$10.
D B. and Ella B. Hunter to James L. Bar
ker lot on SE corner of Delaware and Ham
ilton streets, E 110 by S 50, portion subdivided
range 8. Hardy Tract. Berkeley: $10.
James L. and Mary E. Barker to Agnes Bor
land lot on NE corner of Piedmont street and
Bancroft way, E 149.83, N 50. W 137. S6, S 50
to beginning, being lot 10 and portion of lot 11.
subdivision Benton property, Berkeley: $2050.
A. M. and Lottie L. Bowing to James L. Bar
ker the R 8 inches off from W line of lot 5 and
S 8 lncheF off from E 20-foot lot 4. block G,
Crystal Spring Tract. Berkeley; $8.
Henry Remel to Sarah E. Mcßae, lot 3, block
S3, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda: $10.
Frances J. Johnson to Sarah Johnson, lot on
E corner of San Ijorenzo avenue and Saunders
street. SE 360, SW 163, SW 169. SE 123:6, SW
103, SE 113, SW 142, NW to beginning, Eden
Township: grant.
Estates of Maria and A. Trufelll (minors, by
guardian) to Pletro N. Pietro. lot on W line
of Center street, 100 S of Railroad avenue, S
26 by W 12*. lot 17, block 494, Oakland: $53.
W. H. Knight (administrator estate Lulgi
Trufelli) to same. came. Oakland; $83.
J. Folcla (guardian of estate of Giacomo and
Nicla Sira, minors) to same, same, Oakland:
G. Gugllclino to same, same, Oakland: $IS6.
G. D. Trufelll to same, same, Oakland; $83.
G. Ghlozzi to same, undivided one-ninth of
same. Oakland; $65.
Cory Howard (administrator of estate of Wal
ter W Blow) to W. T. Harris, lot on S line it
Fifth street, 100 W of Harrison. S 100 by W 73,
lots 11. 12 and 13. block 40, Oakland; $1500.
William T. and Sarah B. Harris to Mina Ba
kar (wife of P.), same. Oakland: $10.
John Garvln to Catherine Garvin. lot on E
line of Castro street, 100 N of Seventh, N 60
by E 73, lots 5 and 6, block 72. Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Sixth street
100 "W of Castro, N 100 by E 25, lot U, block
70 Oakland : also lot on W line of Castro street
25 N of Sixth. N 25 by W 75, lot 21, block 70|
Oakland, quitclaim deed: gift.
Nellie L. and George W. Edwards to Isaac
L. Requa, lot on NE corner of Broadway and
Locust street, E 104:6. N 43:6, W to E line of
Broadway, S to beginning, block 13, Pacific
Homestead, Oakland: $10.
W. W. Martin to^Portla E. Warren, lot on
N line of Fifth street. 125 W of Oak. W 25 by
N 100, block 128. Oakland: $10.
Rebecca Wurts (wife of M. L.) to Henry and
M. Mueller, lot on N line of Forty-first street
225.37 E of San Pablo avenue, E 42 by N 232 41
brtr.ff the E 42 feet of lots in and 11, Map of
Dohr Homestead, Oakland Township; $10.
Vnlney D. Moody to Man* Moody, lots 4 to
7. block 19, Daley's Scenic Park Tract Berke
ley: $1.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. .Tones to Mary F
Harmon, lots 1 and 2. block 12. AUendale
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weaker again and there
wan no business worthy of note.
Confidence Is assessed 10 ceins.
Local securities were moderately active, as
will be seen by the sales below.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the paM week says: We have hoisted 24 tons
of ore from west crosscut No. 1. The car
samples of the same average $23 59 per ton.
There Is no change to report in the appear
ance of the Pt(>:ie.
The War Eagie Mining Company of British
Columbia paid a dividend of lft cents per
share, amounting to $24,750, on October 15.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company paid
a quarterly dividend of $1 per share, amount
ing to $40,00n. yesterday.
The Elkton Mining Company of Cripple
Creek, Colo., paid a dividend of 2 per cent
yesterday.
The Boston and Montana Consolidated Cop
per Mining Company has declare*! a quarterly
dividend of $4 per share and an extra amount
of $1 per share, payable November 21. This
makes $16 for the year and $9,125, 000 from the
beginning.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 60 cents per share, payable Novem
ber 1.
The Mayflower Gravel Mining Company has
re-elected the old board of directors, with
Fred Green as president and D. M. Kent sec
retary.
The delinquency in the office of the assess
ment of .V) cents per share on the capital
stock of the Omaha Consolidated Gold Min
ing Company of Nevada County has been post
poned five times, the last time to November
12, and the (Jay of sale to December 10.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Oct. 20—2 p. m.
nil. Ask. Bid. Ask.
TTT T S Bonds— Pac L Co 47ft 48ft
4s quar coup, .lllftll! SF G & E.... 83% 86%
4s quar reg... llo*4lll% LSan Fran .... 3 3%
4s quar new. ..127% 127% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
3s new 105 ft — Insurance —
3s new 10a — Flrem's Fund. 2oß —
Miscellaneous- Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab 55..U5%117 [Contra Costa.. 55 —
Cal El 6s 125 — I Marln Co 50 —
C C Wat 65.. .100%— Spring Valley. looftloo%
Dup-st ex c... — 98ft Bank Stocks—
E L <fc P 65. .131%— iAnglo-Cal ....S3 —
F A Cl Ry 6s. 114 ft — 'Bank of Ca1. .245 247
Gear- -«t R ss. — 100 Cal SD 4 T.. - 100
H C & S 4ft5.103 — 'First Nat ....210 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A.. 130% —
Do gntd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange— 18
Market-st 65.. 125ft129 Nev Nat 8....161 —
Do Ist M sb. 114% — Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 7s. — 104 Ger S & L..1600 1530
N Ry Cal 65.. 113 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 103%— Mutual Say. 3S 45
NPC R R 6s. 103 lU6 S F Say U.. 497 ft —
NPC R R G5.100%101 B4 L 50.... — 98
N Cal X R ss. — — Security S B 300 —
Oak Gas 65....105ft109ft Union T C 0.1025 —
Cm Ry 6s 126 — Street Railroads—
P&CI R- 6s.lO6VilOSft California . . . . 108ft109%
P & O 6s 112 — Oeary 4f> —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st 53% 54%
Sac El R<- Ss. WO — Presidio Bft —
S F & N P ss. 109 ft — Powder—
SlerraßCal S«.l»4ftlOsft California ....127 147
S POf Ar 65.. 107% — R -Dynamite... 85 95
S P Cal 6s 11l — Giant Con Co. — o0
SPC Is eg 55.. — 104 Vtgorlt 2% 2%
S P Br 6s 115%115ft Miscellaneous—
S V Water 65.117U — Al Pac A55n.,102%103
F V Water «S.IW% — Sor Ld Wk5..160 —
Btktn Gas 65. .100 — Hana P C 0.... 16% 16ft
Gas & Electric— iH C & S Co.. 44 m
Cent Gaslight. 105 — I Hutch S P Co. 62 62ft
Cent L. * P... Bft— IMer Xx Assn. 90 —
Mutual El Co. — 11 Oceanic S Co. 57% 59
Oakland Gas>.. .'.3 ft 54 Pac C Bor C 0.105. 105 —
Pac Gas Imp.. S5 — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morninit Sesslo <..
45 Alaska Packers" Association 103 00
CO Giant Powder Con 49 62^
50 do do 49 50
130 Hana Plantation Co 16 37^
50 do do b 5 16 37Vi
825 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 43 50
23". Hutehinson S P Co 62 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
5 Pacific Lighting 48 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
Street—
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
Afternoon Session.
5 Alaska Packers' Association 103 00
10 Bank of California 246 00
l.".O Hana Plantation Co 16 37Vi
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 43 82>rs
M do do 43 75
150 do do 43 87»i
350 do do 44 00
105 Hutchlnnon S P Co 62 00
5 Pacific Gas Imp S5 50
:o Spring Valley Water 100 ~o
JIO.OOO Spring Valley 6s Bonds 118 00
Street—
33 Bank of California 246 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
$5000 Spring Valley- Water 4s 103 50
100 Vigorit Powder 2 50
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 26
Afteri.oon Session.
10 California Safe Deposit 96 50
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 00
50 Market-street Railway 53 S7^
MININO STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
100 Con Cal & Va... 67 500 Sierra Nevada... 65
100 Ophlr 43 ; 200 Union Con 19
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal & Va... 65 J 50 Standard 180
200 Sierra Nevada... 63 j
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher. 13 500 Savage 05
900 Con Cal & Va... 67 300 Sierra Nevada... 63
300 65 300 63
500 Mexican 10 50 Union Con 20
400 Ophlr 421300 19
200 41 i 1500 Utah 06
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 14 300 Ophir 43
300 Caledonia 18400 ,i
800 Con Cal & Va... 66 500 Sierra Nevada... 62
400 651400 Union Con IS
200 641300 Yellow Jacket.... 12
300 63 200 11
200 Confidence 40|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Oct. 30—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03'Julla 01 02
03 06; Justice 05 06
Andes 07 OSlKentuck 01 02
Belcher 05 07 Lady Wash .... — 02
Benton Con ... — 07 Mexican 09 10
Best & Belcher 13 14 Occidental 20 60
Bullion 01 02 Ophlr 41 42
Caledonia 18 20 Overman Cl 02
Chollar 07 Oh Potosl 09 10
Challenge Con. 11 12 Savage 05 06
Confidence 25 43 Scorpion 03 05
Con Cal A Va.. 62 63 Seg Belcher ... 01 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 61 62
Crown Point ..06 07 Silver Hill — 06
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 — Standard 1751 80
Exchequer 01 02 Union Con 17 19
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Utah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. — S5 Yellow Jacket. 10 11
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 31.
Bun rises 6:25
Sun sets 5:24
Moon sets 10:52 p. m.
Feet.
jFeet.j
'Feet.
6:
9:
11:
3:1
■i.
li-
0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are . given In the left
hand column and - the successive tides :of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right ; hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as : sometimes occur. The heights
given are . additions to the soundings on the
United States . Coast Survey charts, except
when a. minus sign — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given, Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rsference If the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chantp' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober 20, ISM.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). V. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
• Steamer.
Due.
North P0rk.....
! South Portland.
I Homer.". ;. 7......
1 City of Rio J...
i Chtlkat..V...:.r. !
Arcata....v..'.r..
Geo. W. Elder..
! City of Puebla..
Del Norte.v...-
Mackinaw.......
Laurada.........
Ell Thompson.. l
Walla Wa11a....
Santa R05a..... I
Progreso I
Pomona !
Etnplre'..T;".'.~. I
Wellington:..... !
San Juan...'....". I
Navarro .T. "; ; :•'.". 1
Humboldt |Oct. tt
PUKet Sound |Oct. 21
Newport Oct. 22
Manila Oct. Zl
iHumboldt Oct. 22
Coos Bay Oct. 22
Portland Oct. 2J
Manila Oct. 23
Crescent City Oct. 23
Tacoma Oct. 23
Anacortea Oct. 23
JTacoma (Oct. 23
'Victoria & Pugret Sound Oct. 24
iSan Diego Oct. 24
'Seattle Oct. 24
IHumboldt (Oct. 24
[Coop Bay jOct. 21
jPepnrture Bay |Oct. 24
I Panama |Oct. 25
[Taqulna Bay |Oct. 25
[Portland ...JOct. 26
[Newport lOct. 26
[Tacoma 'Oct. 26
|San Diego |Oct. 28
[Portland ;Oct. 29
: Columbia i
Coop Bay i
Mlneola !
I Corona i
■ .. -*-
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Santa Cruz.
Fomona \
State of Cai;
Corona I
Signal
Australia ..;
C, Nelson... |
i Destination.
Sails.
Queen '
Chilkat j
I A1a5ka......... Oct. 21. 4 pointer 9
Humboldt Oct. 21. 2 pm;pi er 9
Portland...... Oct. 21, M anupi er M
San Diego..... Oct. 22, 11 am Pier v
Grays Harbor Oct. 22. 4pm
H0n01u1u.....'. Oct. 22. 2 pni|Pier 7
Puget Sound.. Oct. 22, 9 an. Pier 2
Vie & Pgt Sd. Oct. 23. 10 amjPier ■}
HumboJdt .... Oct. 23. 2 pm.l'ier 13
Nowport.;.::.. Oct. 24. 9 am Pier 11
Portland Oct. 25. 10 am Pier 21
Coos Bay .j Oct. 23, 10 am|Pler 13
San Diego (Oct. 26, 11 amPitr ,}!
Portland...... : Oct. 2S. 10 am Pier 21
Panama Oct. 28. 12 m PMfao
Vie & Pgt Oct. 28. 10 am Pier 19
Newport Oct. 2S, 9 am Pier 11
IPuget Sound.. Oct. 28. ......j.... .....j... •
Homer
G. W. Elder]
Arrata ! (
Santa Rosa. i
Columbia ..C
San Juan....!;
Walla Wall
Coos Ray...::
Cleveland .jl
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograph c
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit or
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 20.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 33 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 58ft hour*
from Portland, via Astoria 44% hours.
Stmr Corona, Debney, COft hours . from Ban
Diego. __
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 28 hour* from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 18 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Schr Eureka, Apslund, 8 days from Eureka,
Schr Conflanza, Jensen, 4 days from Coqullle
River.
S^hr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson, I day« from
Hardy Creek.
CLEARED.
Thursday, October 20.
Stmr China, Seabury, Hongkong, via Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; P M S S Co.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanalmo: John
Rosenf eld's 1 Sons. _ ,
Br ship Waterloo, Fellows, London; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co. __ . __„
Bktn S G Wilder, McNeil, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, October W.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Point Arena.
Schr La Chilena, Madsen, Fort Ro».
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, Eureka,
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Noyo. Lundquist, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Leelanaw. Storrs; Seattle.
Stmr China, Seabury, Hongkong via To*O
bama, via Honolulu.
Bktn Gardiner City, Palmgren, Gray* Har
bor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 20—10 p. m.— Weather,
thick; wind, SW; velocity, 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Willscott loads coal at Nanalmo for Hon
olulu.
SPOKEN.
Sept 25— Lat 20 S. long 38 W. ship W F Bab
cock, from Baltimore, for Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS..
Br ship Wailacetown from Antwerp for Ban
Francisco, previously reported put Into Co
quimbo, has steering gear badly damaged. Ex
tent of damage to ship and cargo not yet am
certained.
COQI'ILLE RIVER, Oct 20.— Schr Barbara
Hern6ter, barbound, and did not sail on the
18th inst as previously reported.
The pilot boat Bonita, Captain Meyer, which
came in to-day from a cruJsS brought in a
seaman named Lorenza Bllva from the Mcx
BChr Novolato, which sailed from this port
Oct IS for Aberdeen, who had his right foot
broken by getting caught in a coll of rope.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ALCATRAZ— SaiIed Oct 20— Stmr Ruth, for
Redondo.
COOS BAY— Barbound Oct 20— Stxnr Arcata,
for Pan Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— In bay Oct 20— Sch Rob
ert Lewers. from Port Gamble, for Honolulu;
Br ship Creedmoor, from Port Blakeley, for
Buenos Ay res.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Chllkat, hnc
Oct IS; ftmr Newburg, hence Oct 18.
VKNTURA— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr George
Loomis, hence Oct 19.
U.SAL— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Grace Dollar,
hence Oct 19.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Alca
zar, for Port Los Angeles.
I">INT ARENA— Arrived Oct 20^Stmr Alca
car, hence Oct 18.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Oct 19— Nic bktn
Wrestler, from Port Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 17— Br ship Lon
don Hill, from Oregon.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Bruns
wick, from Eureka.
Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Oct 20— Br ship Mistley
Hall, for Oregon.
1 - OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Ik. Steamers leave Broadway
R£g«j!»^ wharf, San Francisco:
;fg!^V For Alaskan ports. 18 a. m..
KPK3«Ha Oct. 3. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. Nor. i.
• sKaHflKl transfer at Seattle.
1 H&£Bvj£li For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
BMfc^^Bi c. ). Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^*^^s^Sk\ Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.). It
a m., Oct. .3, 13, 18, 23. 28, Not.
• and «.r? fifth day thereafter, transfer at
Beanie ST2I. company" s steamer, for AUaka
and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at
VV F D o? )a Eureka C (Humbo y idt Bay), t p. m.. Oct.
1. 6. 1L l™ 21. 26. 81, Nov. 6. and every mm
da /or be slnta 3r "Cn 1 ». Monterey. JS JBgS:
Cavucoß Port Harford (San Lula Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenern^
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Oct. 4. 8 12. 1«. 20. 24, 28. Not.
1 and every fourth day thereafter. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
LoT Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Oct 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 28. 80. Not. 8. and
every fourth day thereafter, ...
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jo«e del
Cabo, Mazatian. Altata, La Pax. Santa RosaUa
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of every
Fcr further Information obtain folder.
: The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamer*, sailing date*
■ nil Virmrx of sai'lnc.
KOKItT omOB —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). _\
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Oen ; _Agt*..
" w 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. :
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth*
rAIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo. W. Slder sails Oct. 7. 16, 25. Not. S.
Columbia sails Oct. 10, 19, 28, Nov. 6.
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31. Not. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets ■to all points East. .
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
*.- Superintendents.
Oompagnie Generate Transatlantique, *
r a (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS »~-r
(FRANCE). Palling every Saturday. <*ffT^
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. North ■•^^■^■»
River,' foot of Morton street. _ _T i
LA NORMANPIE °. ct- -'
LA TOURAINE .....' ••— x^ ov -,2
LA GASCOGNE Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE... "xt 0^ «
LA BRETAGNE ..tiff. 26
id Flrst-claM to Havre S9O and upward, o per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. MS. 10 per cent reduction .round trip. _
GENERAL AGENCY FOR MTEP STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Howling Green. New. Jork..
'- J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
- _im,_ . jiiiinirin^ul ' ° s * AUSTRALIA
JP^fc^VwS'Sr£2S>3BsC salls tcr Honolulu only
M^^wi is SatUrday# October M >
PMmMAflStil The s AUSTRALIA
TifffflißlC'a ll3 ror Honolulu only
■ •JC ■•■■■W Saturday, October 21
U ■■ at 2 p. m.
r\^^V\ The sB. MARIPOBA
1 calls vt * Honolulu and
QHCdlliJllll/ Auckland for Sydney
"vitfiSr /^mp^pll-. Wednesday, November
£z*T\'. lyllivJtws 2, at 2p. m. ■--■'.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, • and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa. - , ■■■.'■
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. «■ CO.. Agents.
..-■ - ! 114 Montgomery «t.
Freight nffic*— 327 Market Kt.. San - Francisco.
BAY AiJD RIVER STEAMEB3.
HAVY-tARDTMTvALLEJoT
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tuet.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
945 a. m.. 8:U p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Tbot«.»
Friday* »....'....1«.-ni. and «:S8 p. m.
5unday*. ........;.v.:..... ,10:80 a. m. and $».*■»
Landing and office*— Mission Dock. PU» I.
* .Telephone Red . 2241. ;
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, ■ BOo ; > round trip, 750. -•■ Delightful ■ Bay
Excursions. Alvlso and return, 75c. -Telephone
Main 1350.- ,■, ■ .■ . -:■..-.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MEADORS
ACQUITTED
OF MURDER
Slayer of Jonas Ury
Goes Free.
HE PLEADED SELF-DEFENSE
THE ACCUSED "WAS WITHOUT
FRIENDS DURING TRIAL.
The Verdict Did Not Surprise the
Prisoner — Statement That He
May Be Court-Mar
tialed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
W Broadway, Oct. 20.
James Nathaniel Meadors, charged with
having murdered Jonas Dry with his
pocket knife on August 16 last, while the
Eighth Regiment of Volunteers was en
camped at Camp Barrett, was acquitted
to-night.
The jury was out abotit three hours
and ten minutes. Meadors expressed no
surprise, and there was no one at hand
to congratulate him or cheer him. He
left the County Jail as unconcerned as
If out for an evening constitutional.
It was stated to-night that Meadors will
have to return to Company C, now at
Benicia, where he will probably be court
martialed. This is regarded as improb
able, however, for the disposition of his
case was voluntarily handed over by the
military to the civil authorities.
When Meadors appeared in court this
morning he looked worn out.
The defense closed by 11 o'clock. Attor
ney Deuprey's last witness was Eli Bran
nan, whose testimony brought out no new
points, and there being no testimony of
fered in rebuttal. Deputy District Attor
ney Melvin opened his argument to the
Jury. Attorney Melvin made a very
forceful argument, reciting at length
every detail brought out by wltnessses,
and contended that the defense had not
shown that which Attorney Deuprey in
his opening statement to the Jury prom
ised to show— that Meadors' victim. Try.
was a man of bad repute for peace and
quiet, a prize-lighter by profession and
a bully by nature.
"When Attorney Deuprey began his ar
gument for the defense this afternoon
Judge Ellsworth's court room was crowd
ed to the doors. The famous defender
of Theodore Dun-ant spoke eloquently
and earnestly. He drew a beautiful word
picture of that patriotism with which a
man is endowed who rushes to the front
In response to the President's call for i
volunteers when the emblem of the na
tton is in danger, and pointed to Meadors
as one of the first to take up the weap
ons of warfare in defense of his country's
cause. He argued forcefully from the
standpoint of self-defense and empha
sized the idea that if Meadors had pre
meditated the murder of Ury he would
not have used the smaller blade of his
knife but the largest, or some other weap
on. Witnesses Foster and Silas were
pcorcht-d with words doubting their ye- ,
racity. nnd Mr. Deuprey aim. st lntl- ■
mated that Foster showed prejudice.
Attorney Melvin occupi< d another hour '<
in his concluding argument, and at 5
o'clock" the fate of Meadors was given :
over to the jury for deliberation.
Throughout the trial one fact has stood
out prominently. There have been no j
friends to by the accused. The de- j
fendant almost alone testified in his own i
behalf, and so far as the defense goes his
fate rested almost wholly upon his own
story. Few trials are recorded in Ala- !
raeda County that have proved so lack- I
ing In defense as that of Meadors.
DISCUSSED WOMAN'S SPHERE.
Advocates of Woman's Life in the
Home Carry Off the Honors.
Judges Had Easy Task.
BERKELEY. Oct. 20.— The routine pro
ceedings of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union Convention. now In
progress In the university town, were
enlivened this afternoon by an animated
discussion upon the time-worn question
of woman's sphere.
The occasion was a formal debate, with
two affirmative and two neg-ative speak
ers. The advocates of woman's life in
the home carried the day.
Formally stated the question was:
"Resolved, That it would be better for
humanity if women spent less time and
energy in public work." Mrs. M. Willis
of Sacramento and Dr. Alida C. Avery
spoke in its favor; Mrs. J. L. Everts and
Mrs. J. C. de Veiling upheld the negative.
The Judges decided for the affirmative;
and agreed also that everything said by
the opposing side was but argument di
rected against themselves.
The speech of the afternoon was made
by Dr. Allda C. Avery. She argued elo
quently upon woman's home duties.
•'Humanity's great need," she declared,
"was good homes and good mothers. Time '
end energy constitute the common capital
of the race, and prudence demands that !
this should not be appropriated for selfish
interests. Women should conserve vital
ity for their children; but this is impossi
ble where time and energy are exhausted
in public work. How much wholesome
homemaklng energy is devoted to church
fads. And what is the outcome? Thous
ands upon thousands of churches encum
bered with lofty steeples and still higher
mortgages, and the typical church woman I
•with such a morbidly sensitive conscience
that she can't enjoy the sermon because
the minister's salary is delinquent. True
religion lies In the sacredness of the home |
and in the public sanctuary,
i* I i.. nodn ' odM "n. hurrying church life, if I
It could but be sacrificed for the homo
duties, would at least result In Increasing
the male membership of churches. Men
?h£r°ifeL cp i pac £ w J th or sympathize with
life makes c demands which church
M "££&£?f£i Jt m ay Beem treason to say
bo before this aodtence. I believe that hu
manity has not gained one single whit '
SS^o^uSS?** a * totto » whic *
tiZ^onrtne^ilTe^fhe'Tay^fe
modern woman tramps, and talks
preaches and prays, thinking it is for the
public good. But I say seriously that
many a boy takes to drink because the
craving of the healthy animal appetite
cannot be satisfied at such a woman's
home. They may expand the gospel with <
tongues of first, yet if they neglect to do
the fair thing by their children. their ut
terances are but as the sounding br-ma
and tinkling cymbaL"
An Honest Thief.
OAKLAND, Oct. There is nothing
unusual In a thief covering up his tracks,
but when in addition he returns the stolen
property and that in a novel manner, it
is extraordinary and bespeaks an in
geniously honest thief. A few days ago
Charles P. Maleton, foreman at Gates &
Vogt s livery stable, corner of Fourteenth
and Franklin streets, had a valuable gold
M™i,i5 len i Ollt of hls yest > the latter
™i?m MM e n be ?. eath a buggy robe. The
?he c»*« W te t C »?. IVeS , were Bet to work on
rrfv^ «' u?» this afternoon Maleton re
cenea a letter, poorly written by 80-mo
thl Thief wwealS,h ealS , V a^eiTuty. g t°hat
trie tmer who stole the watch is "poor
ihJ return' of M »1 that lf the owner wishes
the return of his timepiece he can' "find
same in a hole in the Rldewalkon the
jjest siae or .franklin street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth." Mr Male
ton regarded the good news as incredible
S^.ntf't^wL' curJ ? Bi ty hunted ?n the
hole, and to his great surprise was re
warded by finding the watch safe and
sound and ticking away merrily.
Lan Maclaren's New Love Story
"Saved by Faith," will be published
in next Sunday's Ca*L
DUSTY TOMES,
YELLOW MAPS
AND LAWYERS
No Lobby -Graces the
Water-Front Case.
PATIENCE ON THE RACK
EXHIBITS ENOUGH TO FILL A
FREIGHT CAR.
Desultory Evidence, Day After Day,
and No One Dare Predict
When It May
Cease.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
K)S Broadway. Oct. 20.
"Exhibit No. 442. if it please the court,"
and derk Robinson brushed the dreary
look from his eyes long enough to enter
In the record that exhibit 442 in the appa
rently Interminable water front case had
been duly registered.
Six attorneys, two or three witnesses,
Judge Ogden and a vast mass of dusty
and musty old tomes and stained maps
have been occupying a small portion of
Department 2 of the Superior Court for
some weeks. There is never any one in
he lobby and consequently no Incentive
to argument among the learned counsel.
'•Will this case be finished by Christ
map?" asked one attorney to-day of an
other.
"Of this year?" was the reply. And
nothing more was said.
The proceedings to-day were just a little
less dull than those of yesterday. Har
vey Brown occupied a considerable por
tion of the time by reading from ancient
assessment books, showing that year af
;■ r year the Water Frant Company had
paid" taxes on large parcels of the land
-put'-. There were many entries to
a page, many pages to a book, many
bo( ks and many piles of books, and as
Mr. Brown read on and on, he did not
stop to comment, but merely called the
court's attention to the fact that he was
reading from such a page of such a liber.
Judge Ogden nodded good naturedly to
the counsel a.s be paced restlessly to and
on the rostrum, thus giving Mr.
Brown assuraniv that the court was cog
nisant of the fact that he was still pre
senting evidence.
City Clerk Tompkins. who had been
subpenaed to give some evidence regard
ing books of ancient record in his control
• . Clerk, pat in a chair with his back
toward everybody and indulged in an
afternoon nap. Ex-Assessor Leckie, who
handles assessment books as readily as
a Cuban a machete, passed the old books
to the counsel so a.s to avoid any break
in the proceedings. Attorney Powell
jooked on and apparently listened, mak
ing notes occasionally, all the while Mr.
Brown was patiently reading. Mr.
Brown's evidence that he presented was
not particularly sensational. A sample of
it is this: "A plot -if Kind, sixty and on"
hundred acres, I>< srinning at a point north
of the Peralta Grant line on Eighth street,
running northeasterly eight hundred feet,
southerly to a stake situated," et<\
etc.— and at the'end of each recitation Mr.
Brown would say, "All of which was
assessed" at sucb a time and for such an
amount to such a corporation, which af
terward became merged in tht> Water
Front Company.
Attorney A. A. Moore. If the case lasts
much longer, should provide the county
with a new wi<hh of carpet, for his con
tinual pacing t-> and fro like a restless
lion in a cage has left a permanent im
pression on the courthouse floor. No one
expects the case to end for some weefts
as it is said to be necessary to have the I
record absolutely straight. The keeping
straight f>f the record seems to trouble I
all the attorneys, though to an outsider
it would seem to be of secondary txnpor- i
tance. because the record is getting so
lengthy that whether it was straight or I
not could hardly be determined in one ;
ordinary lifetime.
Mr. Brown will continue his recitations i
to-morrow.
MUSICIANS ORGANIZE
FOR THEIR PROTECTION
RESIDENTS OF ALAMEDA ONLY
ADMITTED.
Full Set of Officers Elected at the
First Meeting — Oflicially
Recognized.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct 20.
A very largely attended meeting of the
professional musicians of Alameda Coun
ty took place yesterday morning at Chap
man Hall, Eleventh street, for the pur
pose of perfecting the organization of a
Musicians' Union.
A committee of three from the Musi
cians' Union of San Francisco was in at
tendance, also S. Davis, the organizer for
Northern California for the American
Federation of Musicians, who officially
organized and recognized the new body
as a branch of local No. 6 of the Ameri
can Federation of Musicians, and through
that body as a part of the American
Federation of Labor.
officers were elected as follows: Presi
dent, George Williams; vice president, A.
L. Bang].-; secretary, E. I* Merritt;
treasurer, Theodore Eisfeldt; sergeant at
arms, Charles Amidon. The executive
committee Is L. Homeier, C. E. Kern, F.
.7. o'Connell, George Blake, Richard
Hayn.
The new organization promises to be
come one of the prominent bodies of Ala
meda County. It will send delegates to
the Central Labor body and be ably rep
resented in all conventions or delibera
tive bodies in which the different organi
zations of Alameda County aro expected
to assist. Unlike the Musicians' Union
which formerly existed, this union, which
will be known as the "Musicians' Mutual
Protective Union of Alameda County "
will include in its membership only bona
fide residents of Alameda County.
Alleges Extreme Cruelty.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— Lottie M Allen
through her attorney, F. W. Fry to-day
commenced suit for divorce from Ira L
Allen on the ground of extreme cruelty
As soon as the complaint was placed ori
file Attorney Fry appeared before Su
perior Judge Ogden and petitioned for a
restraining order to prevent defendant
disposing of certain real estate, which
plaintiff claims is community proDertv
The restraining order was Issued Thn
parties were married about ten years a*o
and they have one child. aSJ '
Two Estates Appraised.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— A. H. Breed L T
Bromwell and F. A. Campbell have filed
an inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Elizabeth Metzger
showing a valuation of $18,625 15
The estate of Elizabeth L. Cook wnn tr.
day appraised at $13,744 99, by J L Brom
ley, Robert McKillican and Joseph Harris"
He Lost a Sack of Coin.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— C. H. Kucks » I
Twelfth-street saloon keeper, mourns thi» '
loss of a sack of coin amounting to suo '
which he reported to the police to-day' '
Kucks claims he left the sack behind the
bar while he went out for a moment thin '
morning. When he returned the sack I
was missing.
Oakland Postofflce Changes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— Postmaster Friend
has announced the retirement of David
P. Hooe, letter collector; David J. Healy
letter carrier, and John E. Fox, substi
tute. The vacancies will be filled by
George C. Lanfere, Alfred H. Wolff and
Albert Mackley. na
Alice Rix Writes About the King
of the Sleuths, In next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FEANCISCO PALI,, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
WAS CUMMINS
CAPITALIST
OR PAUPER
An Alameda Sensa
tion Revived.
WIDOW INSTIGATES INQUIRY
STORY OP A SUDDEN DEATH
AND A BOGUS FORTUNE.
Fifty Thousand Dollars in Alleged
Currency That Excited the
Cupidity of a Horde of
Relatives.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 20.— The mythical for
tune of John Cummins, who dropped dead
in Alameda about two years ago, has an
other claimant. Cummins' life in this city
and the circumstances surrounding his
death were enveloped in much mystery.
Some of it was cleared up, but much of
it remains a secret, which, it was thought,
died with him.
To-day the secretary of one of the local
Masonic lodges received the following
communication, dated City of Mexico.
October 14:
I a?k as a favor for some Information about
my husband's death (John Cummins), who
died at Mrs. Soverign's house and was buried
by her husband, who is an undertaker. He
died two years aeo in January. Mrs. Sover-
Ign was his first wife, they having a son.
i'lease cive me his full name. When Mr.
Cummins went to San Francisco he was In
-.'ialth. The next I learned of him was
his death in Alameda. He was worth a great
amount of money. I understand his supi><-<K>>d
f n and mother report his dyine a pauper.
row will do me a Kreat favor to make private
and confidential Investigation of all particu
lars of his sickness and death, also about his
financial standing three years a.go and at the
present time; hla social standing and his pro
fession. Did Mr. Cummins have a physician,
and If so who? Give me one Mr. Porter's ad
dress, a friend of my husband in Alameda.
MRS. CARRINOTON CUMMINS.
Mrs. Cummins is chasing a rainbow — the
same rainbow that many Alamedans
chased to their sorrow at the time of
Cummins' death. 'When the man came
to Alameda he represented himself as the
owner of a rich silver mine in Mexico.
One morning in January, 1897, he was
found dead in bed. An autopsy developed
that he had died of beaut disease.
He was supposed to have left $50,000 in
currency and many olainucnts came for
ward. Attorney R. B. Tappan was ap
pointed administrator. He advised the
claimants to come together and compro
mise their differences. They accordingly
met in his office. The unopened packages
of wealth were produced and the seals
were broken. The four packages taken
from the satchel contained many hundred
pieces of tissue paper, cut the size of a
bank note. The Colorado securities were
valueless.
It developed later that the man was
a dealer in green goods. The letter from
the widow in Mexico has revived Interest
in the case among those who have un
paid bills against the estate.
His widow asserts that he was worth a
great amount of money, and from the
tone of her letter evidently t-ntertains the
impression that the mother and son have,
for a purpose, represented that Cummins
died a pauper.
The matter will be brought to the atten
tion of the local Masonic fraternity and
an investigation will probably be made.
Cummins was not a Mason, but the widow
has sought their assistance on the claim
that her father stands high in the fra
ternity.
AN ATTORNEY'S RASH THREAT.
Blandin Would Jump in the Bay if
He Lost His Case.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— "1f I lose this suit
I will throw myself into the bay." These
were the words used to-day by Attorney
| Charles F. Blandin in conversation with
opposing counsel, Robert Edgar. The
suit on trial was that ol Antonio BerODlo
against Sarah T. Ingalls, Maria Moore
Nagle and Blandin.
It appears that Blandin, as assignee for
Mrs. Ingalls, had released a mortgage of
on her Berkeley home, upon the stip
' ulatlon that she give, a $2000 mortgage
!on the same property to Beronlo. Ac
cording to Attorney Edgar, Klandin ap
propriated this UM9 to his own use and
further secured a third mortgage himself
on the balance of the property for $1000.
Now Beronio seeks to foreclose, and is
opposed by the three defendants, who are
at loggerheads.
To-day Attorney Robinson, on behalf of
one of the defendants, commenced to un
veil the history of the famous (,'ajifield
Canal Coal Company, of which Mrs. Nagle
was secretary and Blandin president.
Mrs. Nagle testified that ehe was worth
j $100,000 eight years ago. At that time she
met Blandin and he became her business
i manager. Now she Is penniless.
Blandin objected to any further expose
of the coal company, and the court sus
tained him.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— License Inspector
j Henry Ifaloon swore to thirteen com
i plaints against as many defendants,
j charging violation of the delivery wagon
license ordinance.
A. Steffanonl, the jeweler, who has been
ill for some time, has been removed to
East Bay Sanitarium.
The trial of Louis de Bret, charged
with perjury, has been reset for Octo
ber 25.
In spite of the efforts of her big crew
last night the schooner Eureka is stuck
fast in the estuary off Broadway wharf.
The ecow schooner John Nagel is hard
and fast off Franklin street dock.
Benefit for Hunt's Family.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— An entertainment
will be given at Chapman's Hall Friday
evening, October 28, for the benefit of the
family of George C. Hunt, who became
insane recently and is now at Agnews
slowly recovering. The benefit has been
arranged jointly by Pacific Lodge No. 7,
A. O. U. W., and Athens Camp No. 457,
Woodmen of the World.
Republicans Active.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 19.— The local Republi
cans have completed arrangements for a
grand rally to be given Saturday night at
Armory Hall. Superior Judge John Ells
worth will preside. The principal speaker
of the evening will be Hon. J. L. Geary
of Contra Costa County. The candidates
on the county ticket will also be present
and will make short addresses.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 20.— City Recorder A.
F Rt Sure, who has been traveling in
the East, is expected home Saturday.
Carl McCurdy of this city, who had his
arm crushed yesterday at the railroad
yards, West Oakland, haa had that mem
ber amputated.
Rev G. R. Dodson, of the Unitarian
church, who recently returned from a
tour through Europe, will be tendered a
reception Friday evening in the church
parlors.
Little Folks to Help the Poor.
AIiAMKDA, Oct. 20.— The school chil
dren of Alameda have organized to assist
the poor families of this city. The Idea
originated with Miss Emma Postel, a lit
tle lady of 14, who bar, developed talent
I as an elocutionist. Bhe appointed a com
mittee from each school in the depart
ment. The committee met last evening
i at Miss Postel's home and decided to give
an entertainment in Armory Hall No- i
yember 11. The proceeds will be used to i
furnish a Thanksgiving dinner to the poor
of Alameda. The little folks will take
entire charge of the preparation and serv
ing of the dinner.
Central Pacific Directors Meet.
The directors of the Central Pacific
Railroad devoted several hours yesterday
afternoon to a reading of reports from
president Re( l ua and Secretary Thomp
i,?o?\i, c action was taken toward meet
£Ei}h Hr i mortgage bonds of the road,
which will fall duo December 1.
TARPEY HAS
NO CLAIM TO
RECOGNITION
Supervisors Can Use
Discretion.
MUST RECOGNIZE PARTIES
NO LEGAL RESTRICTIONS IN
THE CHOICE OF OFFICERS.
Democratic Committee Has No More
Standing Than Is Legally
Accorded to An
Individual.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 20.
Chairman Tarpey of the Democratic
County Central Committee appeared be
fore the Supervisors to-day and handed
In a communication which reads as fol
lows:
Pursuant to authority vested in me by a
formal resolution of the Union Campaign Com
mittee, a copy of which, duly authenticated by
the secretary, is hereto appended and matle a
part hereof, I most respectfully submit the
j following list of appointments to your honor
able body as the choice of the Democratic and
Union forces of this county for election officers
to represent njd party in the respective elec-
I tlnn booths ut the election to take place No
i vembtr S, 1898, with a request for the appoint-
I raent. Very respectfully submitted,
M. F. TARPET,
Chairman Union Campaign Committee.
Supervisor Roeth asked the District At
torney to provide the board with an opin
ion as to whether they were legally re
quired to take the lists of names of elec
tion officers submitted by the different
parties.
District Attorney Snook said he had
looked up the matter and was prepared to
render his opinion. He safd it was purely
a matter of policy as far as the board was
concerned. He. said it was the duty of the
board to select the election officers from
among the various political parties, but
there was no law which provided a
method for doing so, although it might be
good policy for the Supervisors to confer
with the leaders of the several parties.
Mr. Snook read from the Political Code,
showing that the legal requirement is ful
filled if every party casting 5 per cent of
the total vote is represented on the Elec
tion Board.
Mr. Roeth said that in making up their
lists the Supervisors, with all the knowl
edge they had before them, believed they
had legally distributed the offices among
all pariies", and he wanted to know who
hid the right to question the qualifica
tion of any man appointed by the board
to serve. The District Attorney replied
that it was a matter for the courts to
decide, as only the court could positively
ascertain the party affiliations of a man.
In reply to a question from Roeth, Mr.
Snook said that a county central com
mittee had no more authority in this mat
ter than an individual.
Mr Tnrpey's communication was re
ceiv.d and placed on file. Upon examin
ing the lists it was found that in a great
many instances the names submitted by
Mr Tarpey were already on the board's
list. .
DOGS OF HIGH DEGREE.
Fast Hounds That Will Meet on the
Ing-leside Coursing Sward
To-Morrow.
Owing to the gr.at prosperity coursing
v enjoying at the Ingleside Coursing
Park and the rapidly increasing crow. ls
which gather on Saturdays and Sundays
the managers of the demesne aro serious
ly thinking of enlarging the grand stand
and other visitors' accommodations bo as
to give ample room and comfort to their
patrons. Eighty of the crackajack does
of this city were entered last evening for
the next "meeting at Ingleside. and the
drawtng came out bo evenly that the tal
ent will have to put on its thinking caps
on Saturday, as picking winners will be
rathet hazardous. The draw is as fol
lows:
Deckelman & Panarlo's Pet Klrby vs. W.
Badger's Phoenix; Captain Clarkson's Lady
Jane vs. J. Fitznatrlck's Nellie Daly; C.
Strehl's Jimmy Cork vs. I. L. Sear's Hot
Stuff- II R. Baldwin's Forget vs. J. Monk
house's Breach of Promise; Russell & Wil
son's Glen Rosa vs. P. J. G. Kenna's Royal
Buck; H. K. Baldwin's Boutus vs. J. E.
Dougherty's White Rocket; F. D. Black's
Occidental vs. Bartel Bros. Mind Your Eye;
White Earth Kennel's Soubrette vs. J. Mur
nane's Miss Dividend; T. J. Cronln's Rosle B.
vs P. J G. Kenna's Flyaway: P. J. G.
Kenna's Bonnie Dea vs .P. Brophy'u Benlda
Boy; J. Monkhouse's Wlngfoot vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Patria; Nalley & Morley's Fleet
Wings ' vs. J. Dean's Connemara; Gibson *;
Slater's Grlpman vs. Bartell Bros. Rest As
sured- T. McNeil's Revenue vs. A. Massey's
Hadlwlst; C. Strehl's Skylark vs. M. Ernest's
Golden West; B. Hooper's Koolawn vs. Captain
Clarkson's Kerry Gow; H. Spring Pat Mail. >
vs. D. Rogers' Jack of Spades; J. Farley's
Mystic vs. F. Moran's Royal I'rize; Nally &
Morley's White Diamond vs. James Dean's
Gladiator: T. McNeil's Sportsman vs. M.
Allen's Miss Alice; O'Nell & Hanrahan's Mer
cury vs. R. Julian's Signal; Kartell Bros.
Mac's Melody vs. H. Spring's Master Jack:
Handy & Smith's Victor vs. D. Hooper's Bend
Along- Russell & Wilson's Jennie Wilson vs.
T J Cronln's Maid of Bail; A. Johnson's Lls
«iik vs I) Ford's Bonlta: Joseph Byrne's Sem
inole vs. J. T. Lynch's Ajax; T. Hughes' Nelly
II vs J. J. O'Brien's Sharkey; P. J. (i. Ken
na'R Skyball vs. A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; F.
McComb's Flush vs. White Earth Kennel's
Mystic Maid; 3. Deans Mlalmo vs. Andy &
Smith's Dauntless; White Earth KennM's
Liberty vs A. Vandenberg's American Eagle;
O'Connor Bros.' Log Boy vs. P. J. G. Kenna's
Flvlnsr Buck; Lowe & Thompsons Prince Hal
vs. Joseph Byrne's Nellie B; F. Brown's Nil.i
vs J Murry's Babe; F. McComb'B Olein vs.
R ' Julian's Sweet Music; Lowe & Thompson's
h'|k)i Born Lady vs. Deckelman & Panarlo's
Glenroy T. M. Ropers' Olga vs. Deckelman
at Panarlo's Royal Oak; Vine Kennels Lady
Roche vs. a. Massey's Light^ Foot: P. J. G.
Kenna's Rocklin Bell vs. J. Murnane b Flash
light: J. Bheehan's Lass a' Guwrie vs. Eclipse
Kennel's Eclipse.
The prizes are: $110. $75 $60— of
$37 50 five of $28, ten of $18 and twenty of
$8 50. ' Coursing will commence at 12 sharp
on Saturday.
MBS. KEENAN STILL LIVES.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Depart
ment Has Her Removed to the
German Hospital.
Mrs. Anna Keenan, who was, It was
thought, fatally shot by her husband,
"Patsy Hogan," the ex-pugillst, at 122
Olive avenue, Wednesday afternoon, was
taken to the German Hospital yesterday
afternoon by orders of Chief Sullivan of
the Fire Department. She Is in a low
condition and In the opinion of Dr. Wart
ley cannot possibly recover.
She made an amended ante-mortem
statement yesterday, in which she tried
to throw as little blame aH possible upon
her husband. She requested that, in the
event of her death, he would not be
banked, and thus bring disgrace to their
five children. Four or Keenan's wounds
have already healed and the fifth Is heal
ing rapidly. He will be removed from the
hospital to the City Prison to-day and
charged. He expresses deep contrition
for his act.
Two of the children were taken to Oak
land yesterday by a friend of the family,
who wanted to adopt them, but Mrs.
Keenan expressed a desire that the child
ren should not be separated and the Sis
ters of the Holy Family will take charge
of them. Efforts are being made to get
the position of janltress in the Crocker
building for the oldest girl In order that
she may succeed her mother.
Th« Trade of the Pacific and Its
New Opportunities, in next Sunday's
Call.
Conference of Charities.
The first regular meeting of the year
of the Conference of Charities was held
at the Occidental Hotel, yesterday after
noon, Harold Wheeler presiding. Ad
dresses were made by Dr. Dorothea
Moore, of the San Francisco Settlement
Association; Mrs. W. B. Harrington, of
the Red Cross Society, and the president.
The latter also read the financial report
of the conference, which showed about
$500 on hand, and the reports of the recent
work done by the two district nurses.
Misses Le Page and Brigga. The latter
reports proved especially interesting.
THE FBANCIS- VALENTINE CASE
Donohoe-Kelly Bank Is Restrained
From Selling the Property of
the Bankrupt House.
T'nited States District Judge Hawley
denied the motion of the Donohoe-Kelly
Banking Company and the Sheriff of San
Francisco yesterday to dissolve the in
junction and restraining order made in the
case of Blake, Muffin & Co. and others
vs. Francis, Valentine & Co. and others.
Francis, Valentine & Co. filed a petition
in Insolvency in the Superior Court and
allowed judgment to go by default In
favor of the Donohoe-Kelly Banking Com
pany.
Before the Sheriff could sell the prop
erty to satisfy the Judgment the other
creditors filed a suit in equity in the
United States Court to restrain the Sher
iff, alleging conspiracy to defraud on the
part of the defendants. Subsequently the
banking company and the Sheriff asked
the court to dissolve the temporary iv-
Junction and restraining order. This mo
tion was denied yesterday and the mat
ter will be settled by the Federal law.
Charged With Stealing a Cat.
Ex-Senator William Dunn, a saloon
keeper at Third and Stevenson streets,
swore to a complaint in Judge Mogan's
oovrt yesterday tor the arrest of his late
partner. S. Perry, on a charge of petty
larceny. Dunn alleges that Wednesday
night Perry stole his cat, which he values
at $25, although he would not take $100
for It
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OP CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July SOth. IS9B.
(STATE OP CALIFORNIA, of
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
Sacramento, July soth. isss.
WTTFREAP, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1837,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
1 In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
■41. >
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
i read as follows:
Section 18. No tounty, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In- any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent cf two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
came; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any newer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
•lectors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO. -'■'.'
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
■even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section TH. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by" causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
■hall "then be published*, in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
Droved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take. Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
crexented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
It snall be competent In all county govern-
Tt shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
thin section, to provide for the manner In
which the times .at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
hi. elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
timber of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
tinwU in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Heated or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may in addition determine the
texts and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
hn've been approved by the Lesrlnlature as
-foreßAlrt the direction of sections four and
m-e of this article providing for the uniformity
nf a system of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
on and appointment of officers, and the reeu-
lat"on of their compensation, shall not apply
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
»£. matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
th« Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section.
to be known and designated as section five and
one-naif, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new seo-
«inn to read as follows:
Section 6%. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
' laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
its Judgment thereon shall be final. ■■; The terms
| of the Court of Claims shall • be held as fol-
lows: ■ ■_ i
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of Ban Francisco,
i commencing on the second Monday In July,
and ■■ ;■' ■ ' : '"■■-:•"'■■ .
> v in the City of Sacramento, conuneaclnx on
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Times
Leave San Francisco. s:oo p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.P.B.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Bt. Louis CIS p. m.. T.F.S. S.M.T. W.
Arrive Chicago .8:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY»S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
' ; c ;r; r - able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pa.
SHI mum TICKEUFFICE— III market ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1629.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office — West Santa Glare St
jf^^ Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
/L^^Jgft 620 KKAKSY ST. Established
rT'fr"^?* ln 1K;54 for the treatment, of I'rivate
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
02oKEABJfT«T. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
JesSss^SJK™ disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
quSJSy^^a^ Skin Diseases. I'hedoctorcureswhen
•S*bs^&'l^ cithers fail. Try him. Charges low
>T^*2^Efa«23 Cttrr>enarani<-<-d. Culior write.
l>r. J. 1 . UiBBOS, Box 1957. Saa Francisco.
The SiA on ,2 ay of No *ember of each year.
receive no h ° ldln » " UCh term of court shall
shall, ? cx A . compensation therefor, but
mi? of th.. thelr actual expenses, to be paid
The T Mi n 5 enera i. fu " d of the State treasury.
to oianl f 's a " enact a " laws necessary
cpdCrf th»r h /^ rt> to P rovl(l e the pro-
of this B h ec r t!on. aDd t0 CalTy OUt the P™^"
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
Eta"te re of 'ci'mn™. No. 37.) the people of the
State"""? cl'liL'", P r °P° se to the people of the
BtltiiHnn „, [ orn a an amendment to the Con-
bv add?™ c State ' amending article eleven,
as s*cti?if a new aection thereto, to be knowi
coniSirt?} 2 U T. ber flve and one-half, relating to
safd nron Cfty and county governments. The
SeonT^ n^. w sectlon to read as follows:
and flip Jti.l The Provisions of sections four
fetrisfattnn th ' 9 V* 10118 Shall not nor shall »>'
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
now cc ° nBO , lldated clty %nd county gbvemment*
J™ existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
»f it » en> or secure * charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. , No. 36.)
Rf«f. res ? £ l 0.?, t0 P r oP OB e to the people of the
btate of California an amendment of section
nfteeti and section sixteen of article flve of the
? ns J. t . utlon of the State of California, by
read it f n proposed to. amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. a Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
«c shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment ot
me governor, or his removal from office, death.
"lability to discharge the powers and duties of
£♦♦ .£ e> resignation or absence from the
■ >tate. the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability shaU
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til, the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy lin the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of*
flee shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office, of Governor shall be
fil.ed at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
whlch> it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California. ■>. ,v
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows: ~
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remaia
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree '
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a. longer period than seventy-five -leys, »nd
no bill shall be introduced la either hou*t ex-
cept at the first twenty«-ftv» days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of th»
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francieco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its .
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? '
Amendment Number Two, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county- — — .
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? . ...::'." r i '
Amendment Number Three, being Ben- .
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of .
three Superior Judges designated by Na
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? \ ■ 1
Amendment Number Four, belnf As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 87 (exempting consolidated cities Tee.
and counties, organized or to.be or- — — _
ganized, or holding a charter un- Ne
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? \ ' 1
Amendment Number- Five, being As-
sembly ' Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating- to office of Governor, Tea :
providing ■ for succession thereto in " — .
certain cases and removing disability No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? ; -■ . •' • ■
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tea
, (relating to and defining Grammar - — .
Schools). . . No
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, i being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than thirty — .
nor more than sixty days- during each • No
session).
For the Amendment?
' Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the '
State of California,' the day and year herein
first above written. ' . ;.
JAMES H.BUDD.- Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary, or Stuel
LSXi.AL.2 .. •-...
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•OtTHCBH rAOIFIC COHPASTi
<FAOiriO mystkm.)
Vralas Icare nuit nre due to arrive at
SAN ritANiISCO.
; (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
tSAvx — Faou Oct. 9, 1838. — abbitl
•0:00 a Nile*, San Jose and Way Stations... *Bi4Ba
7:00 a. Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento . . . . 10i43a
7:OOa MarjsTille, OroTiUeand Redding »ia
Woodland 5t40»
TjOOa Elm)r», Vacaville and Bumsey 8:45*
7(SVa Martinez. Baa Ramon, Tallejo, Napa,
Callstcga and Santa Rosa ' OilSr
B>ooa Atlantic Kxpreas, Ogden and Kant.. Bi4Dr
SiSOa S»u Jese, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Marystille,
Chloo, Tehama and Red BtnS.... 4ilsp
B<3Oa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7tlß>
•S:3oa Mtlton *7ilop
•tOOA Martinez. Tracy, Latbrop, Meroed
and Fresno. 12:1 Op
•i»oa Fresno, KakensOeM. Santa Harlmra, '
Los Angeles. Deming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East «i4B»
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tinez Bi4Sp
10:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7i43p
•1:O*P Sacramento Hirer Steamers "9:DOp
liOOpNile*. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:43 a
.. San Jose. Nlles and Way Stations... JUtIBA
SiOOp Niles, Tracy, iu«ndoU, Hanf ord aud
Viaalia 4tlsp
> .. Livermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations JJOsIOa
4iSor Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo
. ;.i Kapa, Calistoga, 151 Verano and .
SauU Bi 1 »a
«iOOr Benida, Vacarille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrille, Oro-
Tilie and Hiioni»i(uito 10:43 a.
4i3Op Hay wards, Niles and Ban Jose 7:43 a
S:0Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
MijaTe, Santa liarbara and Los
Angrlrs S:4Ba,
BiOOp.Sauta Ko Hunts. Atlantic Express
for MoJKvo and Kast 6:43?
. 9:3*p Niles, San Jcme. Tracy, Ijvthrop,
Merced and Fresno. ••• •
9:30p Stockton !»:!!»»
OtOOr Ruropean Mall. Ogden and Kast.... 0:49 a
•«ioOr Vallejo 18:18*
{7:00p Vallejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tions I*** 8 *
SiOOr Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
Title, lUil.U.ig, Portland, l'uget
Hound and Kast BilBA
' SAN LEA.NDKO AM) lI A YtYAItIIH LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) j
1 BelroNP, Seminary I'ark, (
SnOOA Fitehbor*, Klmliurst, «!*»*
4»>oOa Ban I**iidro, South B%* ,alin^
lO.OOa Leandro, K.iu.lillo, lUli'^p
ill :00a i Lorenzo, Cherry ■ <i:43r
'? : °,? M an( J*«4!»p
2 : *J» P H«yTT»rd«. t5:45p
7:OOp { Rang through to Nflea. 7543p
Z^\ ) t From Nlles I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow ttange). *^""
. . . (Foot of Market Street.)
Bsl3a Nevrark.Oenterrille.San Jo3e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa and Way
Stations 0:3»»
*Silsp Newark, Centerrille, San Joae, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations *lOi3oa
«tl«lp Newark, San Jose and Los G»to«... 9i2oa
t11:43p Hunters' Eicnraion, Ban Jose and
Way Stations n»»0P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIX FRISOISCO— Foot of Xarktt Strut (Slip 8)—
, *7:16 9:00 11:004.11. tl:00 *9:09 13:09
•4:09 IS:00 *6:00p.II.
From OilLlHß— Foot «fßrMdw»y.— »6:Co 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 «l:03 t2:00 *3:00 »4:00 "8:00 p.m.
COAST VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Towngend Sfa.)
7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l>3op
9i«oa San Jose, Tres Vinos, Santa Omz,
I'acilic Grove, Paso Hobles, San
Luis Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4:101
10:40* San Jose aud Way .Stations *8:O0A
11:3Oa San Jose aud Way Stations 8:83*
*»j43r San -Mateo, Redwood, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joss,
Oilroy, Hollistcr. Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grore •10:8«»
' •11:30 p San Jose and Way Stations *9:00.*
•4:lSp San Joseand Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:30f -San Joee and Principal Way Stations s::iop
«:3Oi>San Jos-and Way Stations 7:30*
1 1 :43 p Ban Jose and Way Stations ■ . 7:20f
 A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, + Saturdays only,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE)
SAJI FRARGISCQ ARD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
(I FBARCISCO Poet NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
flfeturvn Vttj. Fact t Market Sfa
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
AYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. •m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . . J ; .g -- Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, ■
Week I Bun- 1833. Sun- Week
Days. ) days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am . Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
3:30 pm! 6:3oam Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25
6 :10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa- 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Heal burg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
2:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:23 pra
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemeville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am i 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
s:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 5:00 J 7:35 pmj 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllle for Skagps Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bart let t
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin" Heights, Hullville, Booneville, Orr"s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brags,
Westport, Usal, Willltts, Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FKAMi.-i U TO MILL VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »9:30, 11: a. m.; *!:«.
8:45, 6:15, ♦6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, n0:00. *U:3O a. m.; *1:15,
8:00. '4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35. 7:t5, •3:30 a. m.;
ns marked • run to San Quentin.
I SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
EX DAYS— S:2S, '6:35, 7:45, *9:3<> a. m.j
•12:20. 2:20. »3:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA # TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*;
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, •8:00, '10:00, «11:55 a. m.;
•1:15, '3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 9:43 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:59, 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wedn«6day«
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. >
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, J:2O,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m.week days — Cazadero and way sta'm.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way eta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIi
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPAQ.
From Oct. 10. 181*3. trains will run a 8a 8 follows:
South-bouod. . North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ' Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday '_ Sunday] ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
9:20 am 9:25 am Stockton 3:45 7:00 pro
11:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50pm s:l3pm
13:4upm [ 4:l!ipm Fresno - 9:30 am 8:45
1:38 pm 6:45 pm Han ford 7:45 am 2:4opm
4:25 11:59pm Bakersneld 2:3oam 12:10 pra
1:58 pm | 7:50 pm Vlsalia . 6:40 am 2:20 prrt
Stopping at intermediate points as reuuirea. 4
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats oj
California" Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 8 p. m. dally,
excepting Sunday, - and Stockton at 7:15 p. m.
dally. •■ ■ -
For stage connections see official time tabls
or inquire at Traffic Manager s Office, 331 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. ■ ■ - .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via tsausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bept. 11, 1888: *
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. ,
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
dtreet. San Francisco.
lily CaU^LSQier Year
910
GEORGE KEENE
FIRST AGAIN
Wins the Rich Fordham
Handicap.
HILDRETH STILL IN LUCK
AFTER A NUMBER OF CHANGES
ELIDAD WON AT CHICAGO.
gauber Won All the Way in the
Kenton Stake at Latonia.
Han dOr Was Un
placed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MORRTS PARK. N. V.. Got. 20.— Oeorgft
Keene, the fortunate purchase of Sam
Hildreth, picked up a chunk of weight
and won the rich Fordhana handicap
from a field of good ones to-day, ridden
to perfection by Dick Clawson. The
track was heavy, l>ut four favorites*man
aged to land the coin.
First race, seven {urlnnys, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys %,. H- Str. Fin.
tanquo 11, 110 Maher 0
larneystone, 108 — Spencer 1
'oodranger, 105 James} £
ncle JLouis, 105 Soncer 3
0
1
2
0
3 1 1
13 2 3
2 13
0 0
Time. 1:31. Won easily.
Saratoga io:>, Mount Washington 110. Mld
llght 110 and Ja.m-*s Monroe 110 also ran.
SausaiHo ..dds— -6 to 0, 4 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds on wluiier— 7 to v.
•Favorite.
Second race, five furlongs, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | M. %. 9tr. Fin.
reatland. 104 Turner 3
en Viking:, 100 Burns 0
render, lul Maher 0
•ed Wickes. 100 Dean 1
ioris. 92 Weber 1
3
0
0
2
1
UK
3 2
0 3
0 0
2 0
Time, :SSV Won handily.
Ninety Cents 92, Lepida 92 and Extreme 93
■Jeo ran.
odds — 6 to 6. 4 to 1 and even.
Track odds on winner — 11 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, Ramapo handicap, "Withers mile.
Name and Weight. Jockeys., <A. '■ .
Banastar, 113 Clawson 0 3 14 1^
[andball, 122 Turner 8 IV6 2 3 2 t
anders 113 Spencer 1 2Vi 3 S
Time. 1:44. Won driving.
Martha II 97 and Bangle 119 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 8 to i.. 4 to 1 and S to 1.
Track o.ids on winner— S to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Fordham lightweight handicap,
Beven furlongs.
Name an.l Weight. Jockeys. V £. Str. Pli
3eorge Keene, 129. . .Clawaon 2 2 2 r
[llee 99 McCue 1 12 112
rish Repl, 133 Spencer ( 0 0 0 3
*.dy Marian. i^O 0 - J 3 0 v
Time. I:3m. Won driving.
White Fru«t 131 a:i<l Ben I>oran 122 also ran.
Pausallto odd*— 3 to 2, 4 to 1 and 8 to 5.
Track odds vn winner— 7 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, elrveri-slxteenths of a mile, maid
en twi'-y-ar-
Nam<» and Weight. Jock»ys. ;
\. 4. Str. Fin.
teddlesome, 92 Clawson 2
,ady Exile, 07 Bui 1
leuberger. 87 R. Lewis 0
yran 9S Michaels 3
2
1
0
3
1
2
3
0
1*
2
3
0
Time. 1:09%. Woo ridden out.
Imitation 104, Aurldale 92. 'Ordeal 103, Al
Bepves 3S and Dr. Vaughan 87 also ran.
Sausallto odds — to 1, 4 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner— s to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race. Withers mile. Belling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. : >i. %■ Str. Fin.
Eetaea. 11l Bums 0
ixnard. 103 Jonea 3
:earest, i 1". Moody 0
[anwelf, 111 Maherl 1
2
3
0
1
1
2
0
3
1
>
a
0
Time, 1:44 *. "Won easily.
Double Quirk 111 and Filament 103 also ran.
'• Sausallto odds— 8 to 1 anl 4 to 1.
Track odds on winner — Even.
•Favorite.
HARLEM TRACK, Chicago. Oct. 20.—
weather was cloudy and thj tra:k a sea of
mud. The Judges suspected a Job In the last
race, and after substituting Rutter on the
biek of Elidad for Hotherjall, took him down
an:l put up •'Skeets'" Mart'n Tie horse, wot:.
Three favorites were successful.
First race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile, sell
inc.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, *4. %. Sir. Fin.
I, 105 Holden 1
:hico, 100 Dup<" :<
Mark. 100 J. Reiffl 0
oe 105 H. Martin! t
3
2
0
1
2
1
0
s
1
I
3
I
Time, 1:14. Won handily.
Facade 100, Iris 100, Scot Cohen 100, A. Mc-
Knlght 105, Our Nellie 107 and Ach 110 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— « to 1, I to 1 and 6 to 2.
Track odds on winner— 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, seven furlongs.
Name and Weight
%. %. Str.
roily Roger, 94 J. Relffj
!va Rice, 104 Beauchamp
:annle IV s Sister, 105t... Dean
■oxnette. 86 McNlckels
0
1
0
0
1
0
1
c
o
Time, 1:38. Won easily.
Storm Queen 104. Harrlso 104, Innuendo 107,
Papa Harry 107, Charahelle 109, Overland 103
and Teeta May 109 also ran.
Sausalito odds— Even, 3 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds on winner— ll to 10.
•Favorite.
Third race, five furlongs.
Name and Weight.
Jockey 3.
14- K. Str. Fin.
Lion. 110 Kutte
nmacita, 94 Dupei
;e Tar\'ln, U0 Everet
i Nea, S7 McNlckeli
1
0
2
s
1
0
2
3
1
0
2
8
1 2
a
3
0
Time. 1:07 V Won easily.
Mountain Dew 87, Rival Dare 87, Blobs 90
and Martha Fox 92 also ran.
,Saus<alito odds— 6 to 2, 2 to 2 and 2 to 1.
Track odds on winner— 6 to 2.
•Favorite.
Fourth rae<\ one mile and a sixteenth.
Kama and Weight. Jockeys.) *4-
) Dummy. 99 Hotheraall 2
Basquil. 102 Rutteri 0
Dr. Shepard. 112 11.
>wsgatherer, 99.Beauchampi 1
I H- Mi- Str. Fin.
H.
2
3
0
1
Str. Fin.
lh 1 h
2 2
8 3
0 0
VwHgat
Time, 2:01V4- Won In a hard drive.
Cherry Leaf 107 also ran.
fiausailtn odds — 4 to 1, 5 to 2 and S to 2.
Track rxMs on winner— fi to 1.
•Favorites.
Fifth race, »lx furlong*, spiling.
(
n - t Skip Me. 107.. .Martin)
er Set, 107 Beauohapj
j»t Ulußsom, 102 Holden
xnria, 102 Ijupee
1
\
3
Time, 1:22. Won easily.
Corialls 102, Heigh Ho 102, Miss Casey 107
and Lucy Belle 107 also ran.
Saueallto odds— B to 5. 2 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds on winner — 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
y*. M>- Btr.
105 H. Martin
Lee, 90 Holden
md, 104 Beauchamp
s
I 3
I 0
0
3
0
1 2 1
3 2
0 3
Time, 1:59. Won cleverly.
Branch 90, Kins' s High way 93. Lucid 83 and
Glenmoyne 104 also ran.
Sausallto odds— « to 5, 5 to 1 and E to 1.
Track odds on winner— B to 5.
•Favorite.
L.ATONIA, Oct. 20.— The feature of the card
to-day was the Kenton stake. Sauber, ridden
by Southard, proved a surprise by winning
from start to finish. Favorites were past tha
wire first on three occasions.
First race, six furlongs, selling.
97 :
y, us.. :
le, 87.... Cr0w:
1
3 3
16 1
I 3
P
Red Filly, 97..Thompson| S
Tlme, 1:17 H. Won driving.
Banrica &7. Ennomla '.'7. Hlbernta 100, Violin
101. Flop 104. Crook 109, Domlnls 109, Hammon
112 and Governor Taylor 112 also ran.
Sausallto od.is— 3 to 1, 6 to 5 and 8 to J.
Track odds un winner— B to 1.
•Favorite.
Second raca, five furlongs.
•Theory, 110 Thompson
Georgle, 107 Gulterrez
Rosa Apple, 105 Mattlu-wa
1
8
2
i
3
a
s
l
I
l
2
I
Time. 1:034.. Won handily. , _ „
Myosotis 100. Lela Murray 100 LdMle Tellp
100. Oconotine 100. Vlolok 100 Florissant 103
Itiser 108, Ollle J iO3, Leellia 107 and fachanken
lv" nlyn run. . . . .
SousaUto odde— to 5. S to 1 and I to 1.
Track odds on winner— 7 to 10.
•Favorite.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, «ell-
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
%. V 4. Str.Fin.
itiy B, 103 Matthews!
inatlon, 106 I'onleyi
aline 107 Southard!
■Mb, i.l Brttton
3
D
3
1
1
3
0
2
2
1
8
0
1 1
2
8
0
Time. 1:52 v;. Won cleverly.
Jim Henry 102. Lassie laiu 103. Jack Hays
103 and H. H. Gardner 107 also ran.
Bausalito odds— 6 to 5. 6 to 1 and 3 to 2.
Track odds on winner— 6 to 6.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Kenton stake, six fnrlonra.
dauber, 106 SuuthHpl
[ H C, 117 Aki-r
Cril,raltar, 112 Van Dusen
lan dOr, 120 C
!
3
4
11 11 13
2 4 2
3 2 3
4 3 4
Time. 1:16%. Won easily.
Pausalito odds— 4 to 1. 4 to 1 and S to 6.
Track .dJa on winner— 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
.faolln. 110 J. Hill
• (Jrlnder. 110 Matthews
lance, Utt Power*
■r> Preston, i'i2 — Preston
1
2
0
3
1
2
0
0
1
2
0
0
1
I
3
0
Time l:li>4. Won easily.
Giddy y. Feversham 102, Prince Dudley 105
and Roeklund 110 also ran.
Bausalito u<J(i.>=— 6 to 5. S to 1 and (to 1.
Track otlds on winner — 6 to 5.
•Favorite
Fixth race, cix furlongs, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. |
found City, 109 Ollmore
andaxzo, 104 Conley
>eyo, 104 Aker
S
1
2
U. hi- Btr.Fln.
2
0
0
2
0
0
1 1
I
3
Time. 1:16V4. Won handily.
Purity 97. Waco 97. Astor 109, Possum 100.
Howitzer 101, 'Primate 112 and Odallche 109
also ran.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 2. S to 1 and 6 to L
Track odds on winner— l 3to 6.
•Favorlta. .
ANOTHER OFF DAY FOR
TOD SLOAN IN ENGLAND
Bides a Dead Heat for the Great Sap
ling Plate, Twice Third and
Once Unplaced.
LONDON", Oct. 20.— At the first day's
races of the Sandowne Club's autumn
meeting to-day, EL E. Beddlngton's four
year-old chestnut colt Buckfoot won the
Hermitage plate. The Lorillard-Beresford
stable's three-year-old bay gelding Bay- I
ard 11, ridden by Tod Sloan, finished
third. Nine horses ran.
The Lorillard-Beresford ptable's chest- I
nut filly Myakka. ridden by Sloan, and
D. J. Jardlne's Heartsease colt ran a
beat In the twentieth year of the Grfitt
Sapling plate. L. R. Swar's Plfeshlre
! was third. This event was for 1000 soy
! ereigns, raised by subscriptions of 1 soy
, erelgn each. Eleven horses ran over the
course, distance five furlongs. The bet- I
ting was 11 to 8 against Myakka.
The Orleans Nursery handicap of 500 !
I sovereigns was won by J. A. Miller's filly \
; Patching. The Lorillard-Beresford colt |
i Boomer, ridden by Sloan, was unplaced.
The betting was 5 to 1 against Boomer.
The Maiden handicap of 150 sovereigns
■ waß won by Lord Scarborough's four
year-old Wild Ray. Gallntin finished sec
i oml. E. Forster's colt Mortlake, ridden by
, Sloan, the favorite, was third. The bet
ting was 5 to 2 against Mortlake.
J. T. Magulre's five-year-old bay geld
ing Fillaser won the Temple handicap,
300 sovereigns; D. Seymour's three-vear
old filly Rosy O'Moore ridden by Sloan,
finished second. There were fourteen
horses In the race. Distance five furlongs, j
SALE OF RACEHORSES.
Good Prices Realized at a Morris
Park Auction.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— A number of race
horses in training, the property of Mrs.
E. O. Popper and others, were sold at
Morris Park to-day, the prices in most
cases being highly satisfactory. A. H. <fe
D. H. Morris paid the top price of $10,000
for Kentucky Colonel. Other sales were
as follows: Black Venus, blk. f., Sydney
Paget, JiTiOO; King Barleycorn, eh. c, 2,
Ed Heffner, 17300; Satin Slipper, b. f., 2.
M F. Dwyer, $4100; Ned Wickes, b. c, 2,
J. J. McCafferty. $800; Grr>at Land, eh. c.
2, M. F. Dwyer, $2600; Rhinelander, b. c,
2. J. W. Rogers, $3800; Klnniklnnic, br. h..
4, T. J. Healy, $3000; Sailor King, eh. g..
J. J. McCafferty. $4600; Bannock, eh. c. , 4,
Ed Hughes. $1550; Effervescent, b. f., 2.
J. S. O'Brien, $2100; Easter card, b. c, 2,
J. S. O'Brien, $800.
FOOTBALL AT STANFORD.
Picked-Up Team of lowa Volunteers
Beats Varsity Men.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 20.— The varsity was
defeated to-day by a Bcore of 6 to 0 by
a plcked-up team from the lowa volun
teers. The Stanford men were outplayed
and outclassed. They played with little
spirit and lucked team work to a woeful
degree. The men did not get together
In defensive work and the playing waa
by Individuals. The lowa team, however,
played a hard, steady game. It made a
touchdown In the second half througn a
fake and place kick. Palmer falling on
the ball behind Stanford's goal line. The
game has caused great disappointment In
the college, and trie varsity players are
being generally criticized for their woe
ful exhibition to-day.
PEARY'S VESSEL
MAY BE FROZEN IN
She May Not Be Able to Get Out
Until Spring— Bescue Vessel
Fitting Out.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— A special dis
patch from St. John, N. 8., to the
Herald says: Captain William Bartlett,
a brother of the captain of the Wind
ward, Perry's vessel, has returned from
Turnsvick, bringing reports that seem to
shew that the explorer will not be able
to get out of the frozen seas before the
ppriiiff. He says the Indications along the
Labrador coast foreshadow an early and
severe fall. He never saw the Ice form
more rapidly than about his vessel on the
night of the 16th.
The Windward intended to go to Sheer
ard, Osborne Fiord, to land the Peary
party. Lieutenant Peary thought it
probable that the vessel might get frozen
in there and have to remain all winter.
This contingency was provided for by
carrying eighteen months 1 provisions, so
no fear is felt for ..heir safety should the
vessel not return this fall. Whalers are
frequently nipped and frozen In all winter.
The Windward went 100 miles farther
north than the whalers go. Captain Bart
lett thinks the Windward may get clear.
She is a slow ship, and may be steaming,
or, if out of coal, probably sailing south
ward.
J interviewed Walter Bayne Grieve, the
agent of the Hope. He Bays he has no ex
pectation of Peary getting back this year.
He Ik fitting up the Hope to start for his
reocue next spring.
SUSPECTS RELEASED.
No New Light on the Watson ville
Abduction Case.
WATSONVILLE. Oct. 20.— The two men
who were held on suspicion in connec
tion with the attempted abduction of
Edna Osborn were released from cus
tody this evening at the request of the
District Attorney, as he considered the
evidence as not sufficient to hold them.
An Ex-Governor Gone.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 20.— A special to
the Journal from Dead wood, S. D., says:
Ex-Governor Charles H. Sheldon died to
day of pneumonia. He was a native of
Johnstown, Vt., served through the war,
went to South Dakota in 1881 and was
elected Governor In 1892, and again in 1894.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
DETECTED THIEF
KILLS HIMSELF
Omaha Public Library
Sensation.
BURGLAR AFTER RARE COINS
HAD HIDDEN HIMSELF IN THE
BUILDING.
Watchman Aroused by Violent Ring-
Ing of Alarms — Being Cornered
the Man Blows Out
His Brains. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Oct. 20.— An unknown man
has committed suicide at the public
library here under mysterious circum
stances. Everything points to the fact
that he had secreted himself in the
building the night before with the in
tention of stealing the priceless collec
tion of coins of the Byron Heed dona
tion. "U'hen detection and capture con
fronted him he coolly placed a revolver
to his temple and fired a bullet into j
his brain. When the watchman rushed
upon the scene the man was dead.
The body appears to be that of a man
of culture, but there Is nothing by
which It may be identified.
The police believe the man was a vis
itor at the exposition who possessed
technical knowledge, and was, perhaps,
a collector of rare coins himself. Rec
ognizing the vaiue of the treasure, sep
arated from him only by a glass case,
they think he determined to seize it,
and for that purpose visited the library
In the evening and secreted himself
ready for the work. Early in the morn
ing the watchman noticed the burglar
alarms leading to the Reed collection
ringing violently. An investigation fol- I
lowed, and then the suicide's weapon
exploded and the man fell dead In the I
hail in front of the watchman.
The door leading to the Reed collec- J
tlon had been tampered with. This is I
the fourth time burglars have attempt
ed to loot the exhibit. The thousands
of gold coins of all nations it includes
represent a large fortune, to say noth
ing of the value o? the coins as rare
specimens and complete sets of the
specie of all nations.
VENTURA COUNTY'S NEW
BRIDGE DEDICATED
Four Thousand Persons Participate
in the Ceremony and Subse-
quent Festivities.
VENTURA, Oct. 20.— The new county
bridge, spanning Santa Clara River be
tween El Rio and Montalvo, was dedi
cated to-day in the presence of over 4000
people. Delegations from the east and
west sides of the river met at their re
epective approaches to the bridge under
the leadership of T. A. Rice for the east
side and B. W. Dudley for the west side.
The processions started at 11 o'clock.
Each division halted at the center of the
bridge Btructure at the speaker's plat
form. The Ventura City Band and Huen
eme Band furnished music. D. W. Mott
delivered an address of welcome and then
introduced C. L. Bard, president of the
Ventura County Pioneer Society, who
took oharKe of the proceedings. Mrs. M.
E Dudley read an original poem, and \V*.
A. Burrell, president of the California
Bridge and Construction Company, made
a few remarks. Hon. W. E. Shepherd
was orator of the day. Numerous prom
inent county citlzenß also made short ad
dressee.
The next feature was the driving of a
golden spike with golden hummers by
two young ladies, native daughters of the
valley— Mies Mt-rrlli Rice and Miss Ethel
Dudley— assisted by Misses Annie Hart
man Iva Kelsey, Dora Crane. Carrie
Borchurd, Grace Flynn and Arlie Mott
as guards of honor. Miss Zadle Soule of
Nordhofl christened the bridge with
Santa Clam River water. The bridge
waa then declared opened and dedicated
to public use by the president of the day,
this being followed by a salute to the fla#
of twenty-one minute guns by Sons oi
Veteran*.
After the ceremonies there was a grand
barbecue and basket picnic.
This celebration was one of the largest
in the history of the county. Large dele
gations from all sections were present.
All places of business in this city were
closed during the entire day. Besides
two regular trains there was a special
train to the bridge, which proved inade
quate for tnuispurtlng all who desired to
go by ra.ll, and many went in carriages.
This bridge spans one of the widest
river bottoms in Southern California.
This river in winter Is also one of the
most dangerous in the State. Many
lives have been lost in attempting to ford
the stream in the rainy season. VI ork on
the structure was commenced early laet
spring, the total cost to the county being
about $40,000.
DESPERATE EFFORT TO
VINDICATE BOSS REA
Arguments of His Counsel Consume
Another Day and Are Tet
Unfinished.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 20.— Argument was con
tinued in the Jarman-Rea slander suit to
day, and the case will probably go to the
Jury to-morrow evening. Counsel for de
fense argued all day.
Attorney Burchard took up his argu
ment where he left off at the adjourn
ment of the court yeaterday afternoon.
He claimed that the suit for slander was
not brought in good faith but was a po
litical scheme and begun for political pur
poses only. The attorney took up the evi
dence and analyzed It. lie said no slan
der had been committed, and attempted
to prove there was no evidence to sun
tain the charge. Roa. according to the
speaker, was the Injured party and the
one persecuted.
Senator H. V. Morehouse followed also
for the defense. He made an eloquent ap
peal to the Jury. The law of slander was
fully and clearly explained. The testi
mony waa reviewed. It was claimed that
th^ witness.-* who heard Rea's utterances
did not understand them to be slanderous,
and consequently It was not slanderous.
The attorney said Rea had used the
words charged to him, but they were not
in the nature of charging Jarman with
receiving a bribe. Jarman was not in
the council at the time the roller was
purchased and at the time of the alterca
tion the roller had not been purchased,
and consequently the words, "There was
} r «n) paid to some of the Councilmen on
the purchase and you got $400 of it," ad
dressed to Jarman, wen; not slanderous.
He spoke the balance of the afternoon and
will occupy to-morrow forenoon.
Attorney Delmas will follow with his
closing statement.
Death of a Noted Educator.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— Hon. John M.
Gregory, who was one of the first com
missioners under the present civil service
law, and for thirteen years president of
the University of Illinois, died here last
night aged 76 years. He was a native
of New York, but spent much of his life
in educational work in Michigan and Illi
nois. He was the author of a number
of books.
Willow Creek Residence Burned.
ALTURAS, Oct. 20.— Word Just reached
hero that the pretty home of Charles
Deane on "Willow Creek, west of Goose
Lake, with lta entire contents, was de
stroyed by fire last week. Mr. Deane is
away on a cattle drive and the origin
of the lire is unknown. Loss $1500.
Prominent actors tell their best
stories, in next Sunday's Call.
ROOSEVELT'S
REPORT HAS
BEEN STIFLED
But It Makes Noise in
Staff Departments.
CONDITION OF ROUGH RIDERS
DEPRIVATIONS THEY WERE
CAUSED TO STTF±£R.
The Colonel Submits Information !
That Will Eventually Beach
the War Investigation
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: If Colonel Roosevelt's report
has been stifled by the administration
under the mass of reports of other
colonels It has nevertheless made some
noise In each of the staff departments.
It has been submitted to the commis
sary general, quartermaster general
and surgeon general, who have been re
quested to make replies to the allega
tions it contains.
The report, together with these re
plies, will be turned over to the Army
Investigation Commission. The replies
in some instances are quite spirited.
Colonel Roosevelt's report does not con
tain more than three or four pages of
typewritten matter, but It deals mi
nutely with the condition of the Hough
Riders, noting the causes thereof from
the time of landing until the close of
the campaign. Its tone is one of com
plaint throughout, with special refer
ence to deprivations which the Rough
Riders are said to have suffered.
It is written in the frank, aggressive
style of Colonel Roosevelt, and t.he copy
handed to the Secretary of War was
wrlten in pencil, the others being
copies of this. There is no reference to
General Shafter by way of criticism
nor to the round robin. The chief com
plaint lies against the department of
the quartermaster general, which failed
to land and carry forward supplies that
seemed to have been fully supplied by
other departments.
The only complaint against the com
missary general's department lay in
what was termed the unpalatableness
of the "tinned roast bevf." While not
making specific complaints the report
tells of the condition of the Rough
Riders In any other than rosy terms.
COLONEL BRYAN IS
EXCUSED FROM TESTIFYING
JACKSONVILLE, Via., Oct. 20.— The
War Investigation Commisssion con
cluded Its labors at Jacksonville to-day
and shortly after 10 o'clock left for At
lanta, expecting to take up business
there.
The commission has been here four
days, this being the first of the camps
to be visited, and It has been awarded
Bomewhat more time than will be given
to other points, with the possible ex
ception of Chickamauga.
The Commissioners are generally
pleased with the result of their labors
there. They have naturally met with
complaints, but these have been dealt
with and they did not indicate neglect
or mismanagement. Generally one
private or non-commissioned officer
fmm each regiment has been called,
and in many cases more than one. In
the case of enlisted men they wore se
.lected at random, the Commissioners
merely asking that men be sent to
them without any specification of the
purpose for which they were called.
They have without exception said that
they were receiving enough to eat and
wear. There were occasional com
plaints of defects in clothing or a re
quest for a greater variety of food, but
In no Instance has a spirit of fault
finding been developed among this class
of witnesses. In some cases a defi
ciency of supplies at the beginning of
the camp's history was shown, and
there has been more or less tainted
meat received by the men, but it was
agreed by all the witnesses that the
first condition was duo to the conges
tion at Tampa, and the latter to the
climate.
(General McCook and Colonel Saxton
returned to-day from their Investiga
tion of conditions at Tampa. They
found that the congestion that oc
curred at that point at the beginning
of the war was due to the fact that
cars were shipped from all over the
country without being labeled and
without forwarding bills of lading-.
At to-day's session Lieutenant Mor-
I row, acting commissary of the Third
j Nebrnksa, Colonel Bryan's regiment,
' testified to the general good character
iof the commissary supplies. He men
tioned one or two instances when poor
bacon had been received, and said there
were occasional complaints from the
men, though not of a serio-uH character.
Colonel William J. Bryan was next
called. He asked to be excused from
testifying, requesting that his lieuten
ant colonel be examined in his stead.
"You will, I have no doubt, under
stand my reasons for the request?" he
said. .
"I think the request very proper and
reasonable," responded Governor
Beaver, and as the entire commission
assented to this concession. Colonel
Hryan was excused.
CREMATION OF ACTOR
HENLEY'S REMAINS
Helen Bertram, the Widow, Faints
After the Final Parting at
the Chapel.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.-The body of the
late actor, Edward J. Henley, who died
at Lake Placid. N. V., was cremated to
day. Funeral services were held over the
body at the Little Church Around the
Corner. They w<»re attended by many
professional friends of the actor and his
widow, Helen Bertram, the soprano of
the Boßtonlans.
Upon arrival at the crematory the body
was taken into the chapel. Mrs. Hen
ley remained there a few moments only.
"W hen she came out into the main room
she fainted. She revived soon, and de
parted Immediately for this city. No ser
vices were held. Only an organ so!o was
played while the body lay In the chapel.
A portion of the ashes of the actor will
be sent to thf< widow and a portion will
be sent to the late actors brother In
London. The ashes to be sent to Mrs,
Henley will be buried in an oak casket In
Woodlawn Cemetery, Westchester County.
Frederic's Remains to Be Cremated.
LONDON. Oct. 20.— The remains of
Harold Frederic, the newspaper corre
spondent and author, will be cremated at
Woklng Cemetery. It has been learned
that Mr. Frederic had been In the hands
of Christian Scientists and that a doctor
waa only summoned to attend him a few
days ago.
RED-LETTER DAY
FOR ODD FELLOWS
Business Suspended for
Pleasure.
IMPOSING STREET PARADE
GARDEN CITY PACKED WITH
VISITORS.
Especial Praise for the Patriarchs
Militant and Young Ladies'
Drill Corps— Prize
Winners.
Special Dispatch to The fall.
SAN" JOSE, Oct 20.— This was a gala
day for Odd Fellows and almost the en
tire time was given up to enjoyment.
The day opened with a grand parade at
10 o'clock, the afternoon was given over
to fraternal calls and to-night there Is
a grand ball in progress at the Roue
Carnival Pavilion. At 7:30 o'clock there
was a dress parade by Cantons
San Francisco, Sacramento, Ridgeley
and San Jose and the Young Ladies'
Drill Corps of Stockton. The young
ladles also gave a fine exhibition drill
at the pavilion this evening. The grand
ball was largely attended. The Grand
Encampment did not meet to-day, but
will wind up Its business to-morrow.
Ridgeley Canton of Stockton was
awarded the first prize In the competi
tive drill with Sacramento, securing the
silver trophy and $100. Sacramento was
given the second prize of $100. The
Young Ladles' Drill Corps was given a
check for $50.
The parade of the Odd Fellows this
morning was an imposing pageant and
was witnessed by large crowds along
the line of march. The Chevaliers and
Rebekahs presented a fine appearance.
The Young Ladies' Rebekah Drill Corps
of Stockton captivated the crowds and
received encomiums of praise all along
the line of march.
General C. C. Sherman and following
staff, mounted, headed the cantons:
Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Harris, chief
of staff; Major S. F. Ward, adjutant;
Major William Slosser, inspector gen
eral; Major F. M. Lee, commissary;
Major D. E. Nash, surgeon general.
Colonel H. O. Wever of the Second
Regiment was also In line.
Then came Canton Sacramento No. 1,
under command of Captain W. E. Bow
man; J. C. Ing Jr. lieutenant and G.
Bock ensign. Canton San Francisco
No. 5, commanded by Captain J.
Thompson; Lieutenant W. S. Potter
and Ensign C. H. Combeck. San Jose
Canton No. 9, F. K. Barthel captain,
F. E. Collie lieutenant and G. W. Darl
ing ensign. Canton Ridgeley No. 15
of Stockton, G. F. Schuler captain, G.
P. Hudson lieutenant and B. F. Wood
hams ensign. Each of these cantons
was about thirty strong.
The Young Ladies' Drill Corps of
Stockton followed. There were twenty
three In line, commanded by Miss
Emma Lambert, captain; Miss Sadie
Badgley lieutenant and Miss Clara
Breit bucher ensign.
The second division was marshaled
by B. A. Herrington, with S. F. Bennett
as aid. The Marine band was at its
head.
About 150 members of Rebekah
lodges were in line under command of
S. A. Moreland. They were followed
by members of subordinate lodges of
(xlrl Fellows, 200 strong. A. P. Mur
gotten and Al York were the officer*.
Eighty members of encampments, with
G. W. Welch at their head, were next.
Officers of Grand Encampment, Odd
Fellows and Rebekahs in carriages fol
lowed. Among the former was Past
General J. A. Crosette.
The procession was reviewed in front
of the Courthouse by General Sher
man and staff, accompanied by the
Young Ladies' Drill Corps as guard of
honor.
A special session of the Grand Lodges
I. o. O. F., was held this afternoon for
the purpose of conferring Grand Lodge
and Past Grand degrees. The regular
grand officers present were Grand Mas
ter Karl C. Brueck, Grand Warden J.
L. Roblnette, Grand Secretary George
T. Shaw and Grand Herald M. P.
Forbes. Degrees were conferred upon
twenty-four candidates.
The Grand Military Council of the
Patriarchs Militant met this afternoon,
General C. C. Sherman presiding. The
only other grand officer present was
Treasurer G. F. Ward. The following
cantons were represented: Sacramento,
San Francisco, San Jose, Oakland,
Ridgeley, Veritas, Tulare, Santa Roßa,
Orion, Los Angeles, San Diego, Rlver-
side and Lyon.
San Jose canton was praised for Its
fine exemplification of the new militant
degree work promulgated by the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge, it being the first
presentation of the new work by any
canton.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,
C F Prentlss, Sacto A M Stevenson & w,
M II Isoard, Nev City Vacavllle
D Dlerssen, Sacto F B Pattee, Cal
F E Idne. NT J T Coffman. Cal
Mrs L Scott. B C F M Martin. Cal
H \V Muth, Martinez Mrs F M Martin. Cal
C E Jeffrey & w, Cal Miss MII Johnson, Cal
M Stevens & w, Cal Miss M M Johnson, Cal
Mrs W L Mackay, N T Miss M M Ltbby, Cal
W C Ames, Oakland Mlsa McClatchy, Sacto
J E Ayer. Oakland Miss C Yoerk, Sacto .
T J Moore, Salem C F Foster Oil
J W McDonald, Cal N Green. Watsonville
Mra J II Nichols & i H S Oorrage & w, Cal
c, Plpestone X O Head, Napa
L A Spltzer, S Jose W D Reynolds Cal
A Curley, Durham R W Barlcts, L Ang
A II Bar, Etna W B Thorpe, Sacto
Mrs A II Bar, Etna W II Bray, Nev
SAD Peeler, Or J Loubers & w, Mcx
B Sweet, Milwaukee P Woolcock. Nev City
N Blackstock, Ventura Mrs M H Cogan, Cal
F J H Dawson. Cal C A Buell. Stockton
A H Hunt. NY R T Wheeler. Nev
J S Robertson, Cal J 8 de Clerch & w, Cal
R C Troeger, L An*
PALACE HOTEL,.
C W Tuttle, Colusa. II 8 Lane, Denver
L Swlnehart, Chicago J E Gillies. N V
P B Johnston, NY OH Hiijhbee, Pa
J R Van Dyck, NY It A Eddy & w, Mont
R A Hartley, Minn A H Remle & w,
T McDavltt. St Paul Hongkong
Miss Warren, Minn Miss Mowatt. Cal
Miss Hlgglnbotham, \V M Graham. Hanfrd
Minn Misses Jeffries, Cal
D W Maxwell HI 8 Hopkins, Cal
R C Hunt, Ohio Mrs 8 Hopkins, Cal
B ' Story, Belmont R J Saxo, Boston
E L Brayton, Oakland L Frankenhelmer. N T
A (Joo<lall, Oakland iE O Smith. China .
J E Van Amrlnga 4,0 H Dick L Ang
W. Oakland Mrs C H Dick, L Anr
H C Tryman. Cal ' M J Davis, Nev
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W J Carrier & w, Sac A Camma^k, Fort Pt
Mrs M C Gustln, Cal Mrs Gillard, Vallejo
T 8 Adams, Oakland C H Valler, L Anr
t Mrs Wilson & d, NY L M Ralney, 8 Joae
[ W Lowman, Sonora Mrs Fuller, S Jo««
I M Lamberts, SS Queen H McCraney, Sacto
J Zemansky, Sacto W I) Coates. Fresno
A Gardner, Sacto \v Wadaworth, Phila
j Hodson Jr. Sacto F C Whltthorne, Term
Mrs A Barber. 8 Jose Mrs II Flint, Ventura
E Graftmuller, NY G Callahan, Benlcia
I) Hudson. St Louis J McCudden, Vallejo
J C Rice 4w, N V Mlsa McCuddsn. Vallei
C G White, Monterey ICJ
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. * '
F Shelburn, Fresno W Solomon. Willmood
J Ralph, S Jose F Slavln, Stockton
F Bell. Colfax J W Clark, Tacoma
J H Franklin, Seattle F W Winter, Sacto
J Henry, Boston Mrs Bostlck. Peta
Mrs J Henry, Boston J C Nolan. Rio Vista
J Covert. Wadswortli P Whitney. Fresno
Mm Grand, N Orlean:i R Reynolds, Stocktn
R Manhelm, Chicago J Peterson, Tlklah
Miss A Williams, Cngo C Jameson, San Dleeo
Mrs Williams. Chgo "
The Trade of the Pacific and Its
New Opportunities, in next Sunday's
Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 20.
Schr Nettle Low. Low, 9 hrs fm Point Reyes.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— BaIIed Oct. 20— Rotterdam, for
New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed Oct. 20— Patrla,- for New
York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct. Bergundla, for
Marseilles; Fuerst Bismarck, for Hamburg;
Karlsruhe, for Bremen. Arrived— from
Stettin.
QUEENSTOWN— Oct. Italia, for
Odessa; Britannic, for New York.
GENOA— Sailed Oct. 20— Kaiser Wllhelm 11,
for New York.
LONDON— Arrived Oct. America, for New
York.
GLASGOW— Oct. 20— Ethiopia, for
New York. ■•'«■
6AM IIT A NC! SCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'olock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open nntll 9:80 o'clock.
$87 Hiyes 'street; open until »*0 o'clock.
«1 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 _arkln street: open ontil 9:80 ock.
1941 Mission street; open until 13 o clock.
K6l Market street, con >«r Sixteenth; open
°°06 Sieved street: open until 9 _el«*.
KM Mission street; open until » o clock.
KW. corner of Twenty-second an-* Kentucky
streets ; open until 9 o'clock. _^__
MEETING NOTICES.
THERE will be a special meeting of t .a.
California Comm andory No. 1. *■■>■•' Bij
at the asylum. Masonic Temple, THIS £1
(FRIDAY) EVENING, to arrange for
a reception to the Grand Master. REL-
BEN H LLOYD, on his return from Pitts-
bUn w. If. FRANK TITUS, Capt. General.
YERBA BUENA Chapter No. _ f~l
Rose Crolx— Regular meeting ,—, — —
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. Oc- — A3
tober _. at i^ock.
Secretary. IV j
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. F. •
and A. M.— Called meeting FRIDAY.
October 21, 189S, at 8 p. m. First de- Jk/T
gree. By order of the W. M. '_*F '
* P. DE ST. JULLIEN. Sec.
HALL of Apollo Lodge No. 123. I. ■____?> j
O. O. F. — OffWrs and members : §^BBFSs
and visiting brothers are invited
to attend a meeting of the lodge "»_"*
to be held THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at
i o'clock. Initiation. By order of N. 0.,
HARRY D. EAVILLE.
HOLLAND SMITH. R. S.
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- _ O>^
dontan Club THIS EVENING at 8 3V, \9Mj
o'clock. Nomination of officers for "\KsjJcr
the ensuing term. Scottish Hall, 1-JL." 1 *
11l Larkin St. JOHN REID, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins: low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant are.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
GRAND reunion picnic of Democrats A grand
reunion picnic of Democrats will be held un-
der the auspices of the German Democratic
Central Club on SUNDAY, October 23, 1898,
at Karl Temper's park, Frujtvale, Cal. At-
tractions — Music by Henke's Orchestra. which
leaves the ferries at 9 a. m. ; prize shoot-
ing, bowling, dancing, handshaking of Demo-
crats and Republicans, sack race between
Hon. James G. Majrulre and Henry T. Gage
Esq., and skinning alive of candidates accord-
ing to th* latest and most approved methods.
Boer at 5 c*nts a gla^s. The committee,
FRANK SCHILLING, Chairman.
ROBERT C. WILKE, Secretary.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
aprons, towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at
the Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth ft.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or counter. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 418 Montgomery *t.. room «; tel, 6550.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght at.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d «t.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-KKMAI,K.
THREE neat young girls desire situations at
housework or as nurses or second work, $10
and $15; references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. -
MIDDLE-AGED refined English nurse ■ desires
situation, $10 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
4 years last place; city or country. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter «.
REFINED English nurse desires situation; best
reference*; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Butter st.
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion or as nursery governess; good seamstress ;
best reference. MISS CULLKN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation: 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CANADIAN second girl, best of references,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
216 Butter ft.
YOUNG Norwegian woman would like and is
In need of work; do housework or house-
keeping or go out by the day: Is a good
worker. Please call at 109 A Freelon St.. near
Fourth, between Bryant and Brannan.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework: good plain
cook. 115 Wlldey St.. off Fill more. .r. Bush.
YOUNG reliable German girl. first-Class up-
stairs worker and sewer, wishes situation;
references. MISS BRAUN. 609 Geary st.
COMPETENT willing; woman will do house-
work; fine cook and laundress and fond of
children; wages moderate. 79 Jessie st.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work, $12 per month; city or country. 264 V4
Tehama st. ; no postals. • -
REFINED girl wishes place as waitress in pri-
* rate boarding house; $5 a week. 546 Minna
St.. near Sixth.
TWO respectable girls wish positions as cham-
bermaids in same place; wages $20. 1208 A
Howard st.
YOUNG woman wants work In American fam-
ily; good cook and laundress and care of chil-
dren. Call at 308 Fulton St.. near Franklin.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes position at
general housework. Apply for 2 days at 257
Clementina st., off Fourth.
YOUNG girl with references wishes situation
to assist with light housework and help with
children. Call I*23'.s Mission st.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation In private
family; would do general housework In
small family. Call at 227 Hayes at.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework; no
postals. 27- Bruce place, off Harrison aye.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 138 Lexing-
ton Ft.
GIRL wishes place to do waiting and cham-
berwork. Address 7 Hermann st.
FIRST-CLASS city trimmer wishes position
three days each week. Box 1094. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a competent cook. Ap-
ply 405 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN to go out by the day and do general
housework. 879 Hayes at.; in basement.
RESPECTABLE lady, excellent housekeeper,
neat seamstress, agreeable disposition, would
render service part of her time for privilege
of a home or clean sunny room In a refined
family: city only; north of Market or In
Mission. Address box 1088, Call.
REFINED, reliable American woman, good
cook, wishes a position as housekeeper for
adults; wares $20 per month. Address by
_ letter. A. H.. 2438 Post St.. city.
COMPETENT American woman wishes a sit-
uation to do general housework: a good cook;
wa«eo moderate. Address ANNE, box 1086.
Call. -.
SITUATION by a colored woman as cook or
chambermaid. 13 Sallna place, off Califor-
nia, bet. Stockton and Dupont; no cards ans.
HOME wanted for a young girl, 13. able to
assist In housework, with privilege Of attend-
ing- school. Full particulars Inquire 1030 Clay.
POSITION in country hotel as housekeeper or
will do chamber work. Address L. E. S.. 2157
Fifteenth at.
GENTLEMEN'S mending neatly done. Call at
IUI Market St.. room 68.
COMPETENT colored woman wishes a place
for housework and cooking. Please call 1619
Polk at. ■ . ' ■-
SITUATION wanted by competent Swiss-Ger-
man girl In a rerpectable American family; Is
a rood cook; kind to children; understands
housework thoroughly: wages from $26 to $30.
J. E. P., box 28. FrultTale. Cal. -
YOUNG lady of bright disposition, thoroughly
musiotU and artistic, would like to accompany .
a lady upon her travels In capacity of com-
panion. Box 588. Call office. ' - -
RELIABLE woman wishes to do house or of-
fice cleaning or washing. Apply 1151 Mission.
ENGLISH widow "wishes to clean and repair
men's clothes; small charges; best references.
Address Q. C. 1226 Stockton st.
$100,000 to loan, diamonds, silverware: low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant aye.
ELEVENTH. lO»— Branch - office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS' WANTEp.-MAIiE.^
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414& O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
YOUNG man wants situation, drive, do garden
work, wait on table, etc.; good references;
any wages. Address box 1096, Call office. ,
PAPER-HANGER, with tools, wants work,
day, piece or contract, painter etc.; best ref-
erences. ANToINE, 237 Shipley st.
ENGINEER or fireman, young, competent
man. understands pipe-fitting, repairing, etc.,
wishes position. Box 1092, Call office.
; POSITION to take care of horses and garden
: ■in private family; is a sober man. Box 1090,
Call office. . _
COACHMAN and gardener, understands milk-
ing, German descent, desires a position; first-
class references. Z., box 11, Call. Oakland.
CHINESE cook wants a situation in boarding-
house or family; city or country. Call 802
Clay st. room 6. CHONO WING.
POSITION as foreman on ranch by responsible
man, 34 years old; for past 5 years has been
foreman on laree stock and qxain ranch; A I
references as to ability, integrity, etc. Ad-
dress box 10S5. Call.
YOUNG man desires a position in a private
place; can drive, teach riding and take care
garden; does not smoke or use liquor; English
experience. S. HOLLAN, 407 Sutter St.
COOK and wife wish situations In hotel, in-
stitution or boarding house: competent and
reliable. Call or address SO2 Montgomery St.,
room 21.
YOUNG man desires a position as watchman
or porter; thoroughly sober; best of reference
and security given. Box 1313, Call office.
POSITION wanted as janitor: handy at car-
pentering, painting and varnishing. Box 1078,
Call office.
YOUNG colored boy would like a situation to
drive for a doctor. Address box 1076, Call.
FAITHFUL, sober man, who thoroughly un-
derstands horses, carriages and driving,
wants position in private family; can care for
garden or cows; references. Address O. H.
'.. 822 Mission st.
COACHMAN or general man wants situation;
understands the care of horses, harness, car-
riages, etc.; good gardener: single; best ref-
erences. Call at stable, 1217 California st.
POSITION wanted by a first-class ladles' tailor
and cutter. Address box 802, Call office.
_>. rINEER — Young German, competent and
cteady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
fir In boiler room; wages moderate. Box 7_,
Call office.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings;
Etrictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $•
week; convenient and respectable: tree bus
and barrare to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 SECOND girls, $20 and $15. MISS CULLEN.
825 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. . __
COOK, $30; maid and seamstress. $25. MIBS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT girl, assist. $15. MISS CULLEN, 328
Sutter Et^ .". :-■■": ___
A SEAMSTRESS. $25 per month. MISS CU_-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
A REFINED German second girl, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A COMPANION to Invalid lady, $10 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GIRLS, chamberwork and waiting $20 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MAID and seamstress. $25; 2 second girls,
J2O and $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl, sleep home. $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 GIRLS, chamberwork and waiting. $20 per
month each: 12 housework girls, city, $20
and $25; 8 young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
A WOMAN with a child. $10. city. MISS CU_-
LEN. 325 Butter st.
A REFINED Oerman seamstress, $25; nurse,
$20; second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. .
HOUSEWORK girl. $30. 2 in family. MISS
CULLEN, 32.". Putter st.
A COOK. Jewish family. $40; German second
girl, $25: cook. Angels Camp. $25. MISS CT.L-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 COOKS. $25 and $30. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sut-
ter st. .
EXPERIENCED nursery governess. English
branches, German and music, to travel to
Europe. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary.
2 WAITRESSES. first-class hotel, city. $20; 8 .
restaurant waitress, $5; chambermaid to
wait, country. $20; girl for springs hotel,
one who can do all-round work. $20. see
party here this morning, fare paid; 2 cham-
bermaids, first-class hotel, shrirt distance
country. C. R. HANSEN &CO 104 Geary.
COOK for two in family, San Rafael. $35, see
lady here; Scandinavian house girl, small
family, $25: colored family cook, $25, see
lady here; German or French cook. $35; Ger-
man house girl, choice place, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRENCH lady's maid; $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSE girl, care baby; $6; very good home.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 SECOND girls and sewing, $20 and $25; laun-
dress, $25; 5 cooks In American and German
families, $25 and $30; cook, boarding house,
$30; second girl, same place, $15; 5 waitresses
and chambermaids, $20. $25 and $6 week; and
a lars:e number of girls for housework. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GIRL for cooking and housework; small Ameri-
can' family: a short- distance; $25. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
NURSE. $25; second girl. $20; cook, $30; Swed-
ish woman to cook for 2 men, short distance,
$20; Scandinavian housekeeper, $20; house-
keeper, $15: middle-aged woman, country. 3
In family, $12; nurse girl, $15; house girl. $25;
cook, country. $25, see lady here: 10 house-
girls, city, $25 and $20, and young girls to
assist, $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st.
WOMAN with a child: plain cook for ranch;
$15; fare paid. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
GERMAN girl for maid and chamberwork:
references required; wages $25. Apply Friday
or Saturday from 1 to 3 p. m., 1900 Jackson st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman as house-
keeper; 3 in family; good home and $5 a
month. Address box 1091, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles" skirts, waist*,
etc. Apply at H. FRIEDLANDER'S. 33S
Fell Bt.
GIRL to assist with work of cottage. Apply
bet. 10 and 4 o'clock, 1228 Market, room 22.
APPRENTICE girl wanted for hair work at
G LEDERER'S. 123 (new number) Stockton.
WANTED— Experienced fur machine operators.
Apply H. LIEHES & CO.. 137 Post St.
TO assist in light housework. Call 2218 Fill-
more St.. bet. 11 and 3 o'clock.
GIRL for housework: wages $10; ; good home.
Apply 3007 Sixteenth St.. above Mission.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 214 Hyde.
street. m
WANTED— Reliable party to care for S chil-
dren. Address J. B-. 233 Bush at.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. Ap-
ply DR M. A. BROWN. m Market st.
GIRL for general housework at 1017 Oak st.
apply bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 1164
Halght at.
WANTED— Girl to assist general housework
and cooking. 2336 Mission st.
WOMAN to wash dishes and help In kitchen.
136 Second st.
WANTED— Good cook and laundress, Scandi-
navian or German, for San Rafael; family of
six. Address box 1080. Call office.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework
and care of children: wages $7. 802 Shotwell
St.. near Twenty-second.
APPRENTICE to dressmaking; must sew neat-
ly^ .
NEAT young girl for general housework to
a couple: one who sleeps at home preferred.
Apply from 8 to 12 a. m., upper flat, 2028
Stelner st. | . ■
FRENCH dressmaker wants young girl; small
wages. 6388 Natoma at. .
LADY bookkeeper and cashier, with mercantile,
experience and the best of references, for one
of the leading hotels on the Coast. Address
box 1040, Call office. .
FEMALE sewers wanted on ladles' wear to '
take work home. S4O Market at. '.:'.•,-;
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladies' cloaks and
skirts at I. VISHOOT'S. 810 Howard at. ;;■
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $10.
2650 Twenty-first st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework: small
family; country: refs. 2107 Pine St.. a. m.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids and waitress;
also girls for light housework. 1073% Market
st., near Seventh; employment office.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEV! STRAUSS _ CO.. 36^ Fremont st.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest; private en. gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris, IS Grant aye, ..
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 2So up. McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'B; good BoalUooft;
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister stHELP WASTED-MALE.
MURRAY & _U_ADY....MU_tBAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
7. WANT TO-DAY
265 more men for Arizona ....'....
164 railroad laborers $1 75 day
I£6 railroad teamsters ...$1 75 and $2 day
15 farm hands $26 and $15 and found
Blacksmith's helper.. ....$25 and found
12 teamsters, city $175 day
56 laborers, city j0b5. ......51 and $160 day
5 laborers, city manufacturing company
3 milkers, country $30 and $20 found
3 choremen for ranches. .s2o and $15 and found
frkwyer. also packer, for shingle mill
67 -woodohoi'pers $1 50 and $1 cord
66 tie makers 8c to lie each
12 quarry laborers $26 and found
4 bean and potato diggers
2 stablemen and drive hack $25 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634 and C 36 Clay st.
"A.— BUTCHERS BARBERS COOKS
Walters Porters
4 cooks, different places, $50, $45 and $30 and
found
Barber, country shop
3 waiters, hotels $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. C3;--3_ Clay st.
TEN 2-horse teamsters. $25 and b0ard..........
5 4-horse teamsters. $26 and board
Laborers and teamsters for the mountain
railroad, ship to-night ■_■
2 tunnelmerc. $2 75 a day; 2 benchmen, $2 2o;
2 muckers. $2; laborers for rock work, $1 75..
10 quarrymen. steady work. $2 a day
3 coal miners, see boss here.... ; •••
C. R. HANSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
PASTRY cook, $60; baker. $50; baker and pis-
try cook, $60: all for hotels out of town;
coffee house cook. $9 a week; baker" helper,
$20; 7 waiters, city anil country. $25; waiter,
mine. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MARKER and distributor, country laundry. $30
and found. C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MAN experienced in making plain and fancy
Icecreams and decorating cola puddings;
first-class wages for a first-clnss man. C. R.
HAN ' & CO.. 104 Geary _t
WANTED— SO laborers, $30 and found and $1 75
. day; woodsmen. $1 50 day and board; dairy-
man, $20; machinist on gasoline engines;
miners, $2 M day and $40 and board: handy
men about mine, $; day: chorem_ i. $10. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento St.
WANTED— Cook and wife, private boarding
house; 2 waiters, name country hotel, $30 and
$25; hoarding house cook, country. $30; oyster-
man, $35; restaurant waiter, $40; kitchen men,
dishwashers and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.
COOK, boarding house, $30; waiter, boarding
house,' $25; $ laborers, city, $_i and board;
10 laborers for quarry, $1 75 a day; axman.
$30; farmers. $20: press boy. $5 a week; chore-
man. $15 and found. R. T. WARD & CO.,
60S-ClO Clay st. '
HOTEL porter, $20 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ' -
MA N and wife, small ranch. Call MRS. NOR-
TON", 313 Sutter st.
WAITER, country hotel, $25. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 4?0 Kearny st.
WANTED— For a city office, a bright young
man not over 25 years of si?e as clerk; one
who understands typewriting-. Address in i
own handwriting, box 1097. Call office. I
WANTED— A boy 15 or 16 years old to work j
in grocery; one with references preferred.
Call early, 721 Stockton gt.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 908 Bat-
tery st. -j
FIRST-CLAPS? oyster house waiter at once. M.
B. MORAGHAN. *< California Market.
COAT, pants, vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROTHERS, 24 gutter at.
WAITER wanted at the Junction Cafe. 1727
Market st. "
WANTED — A second mate for an English ship
at HERMANN' S._ 26 Steuart st.
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 25c to $1.
562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
DISHWASHER at 5 East st., corner of Market.
EXPERIENCED city salesman. Brownstone
Wine Co.. 331 Ellis st.
GOOD man cook for 10 boarders; wages $20.
SSO Sixth st. : ____.. |
WANTED— Boy 14 years old to run elevator;
$1 50 per week and board. 239 Post St.. room 4.
BOY of -0 to work in a saloon; $12. board, lodg- j
ing; best of reference. Box 1100. Call. \ j
TED— Strong boy to work around sign
painting shop. 702 Howard st.
SHOES repaired while you wait; half price.
562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED— Young boy to wash dishes; board-
ing house. 739 Fourth st.
WANTED— 2 rood coat makers on military i
work at 2S2Q Greenwich St.. near Presidio.
TWO sh.rt backers wanted. Bun Laundry, ]
Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
ACTIVE- solicitors everywhere for "The Story
of the Philippines," by Murat Halstead, the j
Government Official Historian to the War j
Department. All about Philippines. Dewey
the man & Dewey the hero, with an official '
history of war with Spain. Brimful original
pictures by Government photographers. Large i
book; low prices; bit? profits. Agents mak- ,
ing *30 to $300 weekly: freight paid. Drop j
all trashy, unofficial war books. Outfits free. !
Credit given. Address F. T. BARBER, Sec- j
retary. 358 Dearborn St., Chicago.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied, j
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and |
30 years, who are citizens of the United !
States, or those who. have legally declared i
their intention to become such; must be of j
good character and habits and able to speak, !
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in heUht. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20 j
Ellis *t.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^ Mission
et.. men to take rooms; l'Jc. 15c and 25c per
night; He, SOc and $1 per week.
2 BRIGHT boys to work for tuition In short-
band. Room 29. Mercantile Library, after
10 a. m.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs. Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
ms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tei. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— 2O laborers at Bay and Leavenworth
sts., city.
WANTED— butcher. 118 Seventh st.
ELDERLY man for cleaning up and carrying
out small orders In bakery. 107 Larkln st.
COAL miners, wanted by the TESLA COAL
CO., room 615, $28 Montgomery st. . ■■'.._ -.:•;
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328
Bush st., office No. 4, third fKor.
MEN to learn barber trade: -easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $!.' 1542 Market st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soleing, 3") c; only one price. 923 Howard st. ;
BARBERS' Ass'n Fr«e Employment Office. 8.
FUCHB, Sec, 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138^4 Eighth st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson. . ,
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 821 EIHb st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
"SINGLE rooTT in, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
kef 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
bus' and baggage to and from the ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. in wrapper, for mailing.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Spain— Causes, Incidents and Results,"
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell. Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight. Rive credit. -. Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers
WOP.THINOTON & CO.. Hartford. Conn.
AGSNTS, male or female. in every city and
town in the United States to sell the only re-
liable Marquis Hair. Tonic. Address 1-05
Market st.. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
SOLICITORS, ladles or gentlemen; salary or
commission. Call 9 to 4, 108 New Western
Hotel. ...' - . , : -;.- : ..-; ;-'•: '
LIVE, energetic agents to handle a good spe-
cialty; Just in. Greater West Advertising &
Novelty Company, 11C5V4 Washington st.. Oak-
land.
PARTNERS AY ANTED. -
WANTED— First-class sign and carriage paint-
er as partner for the best opening on this
coast; must have some money. Address- or
call at 2223 Shattnck aye., Berkeley.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS. ™
WANTED— A good horse and deliver* : wagon
for Its care. .1325 Polk Bt. : ;
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: sp< on<i-h;imi 10!) Montgomery st.
. ■•;:• j ■-.•;'."•.■•■• -.-4 bicycles. '.--.■...■-,-; ■•";-'".'
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up; new girls" '
wheels. $18; new 1897 -high grade $100 bicycle
for $29; new tires, $2: new pedals, $1 25 a pair;
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th and Folsom.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$^000^!HOTEL in this city; established many
years; occupied and patronized by mechanics
and clearing above $150 per month; 34 nicely
furnished rooms: dining hall and good pay-
ing bar; rent ITS. WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market st. _^ >
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.. the
old established and reliable Business Agents.
We have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns. ' '
$225 IF sold at once: saloon close to Market St.,
near Baldwin Hotel; fixtures up-to-date-, a
first-class place; owner compelled to sell; this
place has a splendid future; call early.
WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— s3oo; corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
of Market st.; living rooms; rent $25; a snap.
WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A-SUOO saloon; rent $50; established for years
and doing a business clearing $1.» per
month; located near Palace hotel; elegant
fixtures; disagreement of partners causes a
bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$325-REST AURA-NT ; bargain to-day; account
departure for Europe. McLAUGHLIN «
CO., 777 Market st.
$3;o-CIGAR7Tand on Market st. ; satisfactory
reason for selling. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 Market st- 1 - - « .
$1000-SALOON in prosperous country t town;
departure cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777 Market st. ' '
$500— SALOON with club _•<_*_?__?_?*"
tures- MoLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7.7 Market st.
$1600— SALOON on Market st. McLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market st.
A-$l4OO-SALOON and 13 nishe «^°°mo,ithlv :
tral; prominent corner; clears $300 monthly,
best known place in city. KREDO & CO..
22"rt Geary st. —
A-$l5OO-PARTNER; light raff business; salary
$100; must be business roan. KRLDO & CO..
22Mi Geary st. :
A-FINE corner grocery and bar at Mission;
. (350 will take It this week only: $10 to $15
dally. KRE_3C__C_____ Geary st.
I $400-CORNER grocery and bar in fine locality;
! cash register and safe; here - * _»»« __*»
is worth $1090, LESS A CO.. .<5 Market st.
i->OO-"?ALOON few doors from Market; larjce
*lilS¥_i&Bp__i
furniture included. M. LESS & CO., 760 Mar-
ket st. ' " - . '
A— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business: parties willing to sell give us a
cull! National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— PAYING delicacy store; 3 living rooms:
cheap rent: well fitted up; selling account
sickness. National Business Ex.. 7 Grant ay.
«2i»^CIGAR- and variety store; good business;
3 furnished rooms; great bargain: owner go-
ing to Europe. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
WE have a purchaser for one-half interest in
a paying business. National Agency,' 7 Grant-
! CORNER grocery and bar in the Mission;
fine location: cash register; 2 living rooms;
rent $15. JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market st.
AT a Sacrifice — One of the best located res-
taurants, in Oakland: has been run by the
present owners for nine years; clears $250 per
month; first-class trade; owners retiring on
account of other business In S. F. For par-
ticulars M. L. WURTS, 17th and Bdwy, Okld.
$150— IF sold within next four ■* ys. saloon on
principal business street; stock and fixtures
worth more than double the " price asked.
owner must leave city. Box 10?3, Call office.
GOOD butcher business at a low figure; excel-
lent location; a good tenant wanted; first-
class inducements to right . man. . Apply ; to
A. R. D. Jr., 1467 Webster St., Alameda.
HAVE purchasers for . coffee house, branch
bakery, grocery and all kinds of business;
have list of good businesses for sale. EITEL,
1016 Market st. ;
FIRST-RATE business opportunity—
wanted; business legitimate; already estab-
lished. Room 3, 995 Market at.
$250— PARTNER; man or lady cashier;, will
clear $100 month and board. 605 Clay, st. -
FOR SALE— Restaurant; no night or Sunday,
work. . Apply at 6 LeldesdorfT st.
COAL yard for sale; splendid location. Address
box 777, Call office. _■
WANTED— lease or purchase a good paying
paper route. Box 1098, Call office.
$50 BUYS a good 15c barber shop In the coun-
try this month. H. BENNER. Colusa. ;
FOR Sale — Old established cigar and tobacco
cash route, with fine rig; big bargain; part
cash If desired. 134 Oak st. .
HOME bakery; must be sold this week; sick-
ness the cause; good location and paying
bu-int Address -box 1084, Call. • >- -■-.-■ --«'
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied . as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale St. - - -. '■ . - ' - ■ " ;
SALOON, with long lease, on water front; do-
ing good business; all fitted up for restaurant.
490 Spear st., near Oregon Dock.
$150— COFFEE and restaurant; not far from
city. For particulars Inquire at Call office.
A bargain If sold at once. • .-
BRANCH bakery and laundry office; 3 nice
rooms; rent $14: selling on account of sick-
ness. ' 437 Fulton st.
$100,000 to loan on seelsklns and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncis Harris. 15 Grant aye.
FINE business chance for small capital. 414
Examiner building.
FINE grocery and bar for sale. Cor. Filbert
and Laguna sts.
WELL-PAYING dyeing and cleaning establish-
ment: cheap account of departure. 148 Third.
LODGING HOUSES FOR _ 8 ALB.
aPkßeSo7TcO^?^?^7. . \. :. ~ Geary st
Money Advanced on all Houses.
105 rooms; best in city $4000
23 rooms; Fifth St.; clears $70 800
16 rooms; Second St.; rent only $30...... 450
16 rooms; boarding: no rent ».. 1000
18 rooms; Van Ness*, elegant 1600
12 rooms; Market; clears $50 «00
11 rooms; new and elegant; O'Farrell... 760
10 rooms; Powell; a snap at 600
A $275- 16 ROOMS, newly furnished; $125 cash,
balance $20 per month; a give away; this
week only. KREDO & CO., 22tt Geary st. .
$500: 10 ROOMS; comer bay-window: coziest
little transient house; near theaters; $350 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO., 2-.. Geary st.
$250— CLEARS $100 per month. 28 rooms
$350; worth 1 $800; must 5e11... 12 rooms
78-room house; clears $350 .$3OOO
100 rooms; fine corner; cost $10,000; only.. 6000
18-rcom house on Sixth 5t.... $500
25 rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100 ••• 500
21-room house; central; clears $160 800
22-room house; best in city __ 1000
12-room house; worth $800 -. • 300
15-room house; on Butter st... 450
24-room house; clears $ICO 1400
20- room house; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3to 200 rooms. . . •
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A^-ll ROOMS on O'Farrell St.: clears $75
month; all new furniture; snap •
48 rooms; north of Market St.; fine $1200
76 rooms; select: transient; c0rner..;...... 3500
18 rooms; rent $30 400
22 rooms; north of Market; clears {125 1180
10 rooms; all new furniture ...";. 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON U5....;....
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION
PRICE AND SIZE OF H0U5E........
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
L. W. ROGERS, clerk for F. C. HYDE &
CO. (formerly clerk for H. C. DECKER). .
20 ROOMS; corner; part cash.. $1000
22 rooms; north of Market; bargain 850
24 rooms; near Baldwin; part cash 1050
25 rooms: Post st. : new carpets 1800
35 rooms: near plaza .1750
47 rooms; rent $75: 2 corners 1650
67 rooms; cheap rent; clears $150 1400
WINSTON & CO., 648 Market st.
. RELIABLE BROKERS.
MONEY TO LOAN AT 8% PER CENT.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
IP r00m5.... ........5175|18r00m5; fine.....: $550
16 r00m5...... 250 20 rooms; snap 600
37 rooms 700150 rooms ....1250
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye. ,
$200— BOARDING-HOUSE of 10 rooms. 628
Pine st. .;--•■ -. . ' • -*,-.v
LODGING-HOUSE, 30 rooms, on Second
st Call at 81 Natoma st. ;. no • agents. •
TO Let— Furnished lodging . house, 70 -rooms,
with privilege ' of buying; central. Box 656,
Call Office.
$100,000 to loan on stocks and" bonds; low Inter-
est. UNCLE HARRIB, 16 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and .best in America— The Weekly
- Call. Sent to < any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.  ' ■■ ■ ' V-
> FURNITURE FOR SALE.
PARLOR set of six pieces at 231 Golden Gate
avenue. . ■-■• ' .
™ FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, . mer-
chandise sold on commission; reasonable. E. ,
COHN, auctioneer.- 420 Seventh. Tel. ■ Mint ItXM.-
PHYSICIANS.
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine. $1 60; open 9:30 to 6. 997
Market, cor. 6th, opp. Welnstoclc & Lubln
DR C C'O'DONNELL. office and .residence.
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
FOR sale— Family hotel 76 rooms; corner; cen- ;
tral location; fine view; doing good business;
low rent: long lease.- Inquire W. «EN-
DRICKSON, - room , 614. Claus Sprockets bid g.
THE SAJST FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
HOIISES .TO "; LET.
HOWARD, 674—6 rooms, bath; all newly pa-
pered ; rent very low. Apply BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
OLIVE aye., 113, near comer 7 of < Polk and
Ellis; $25; 1 rooms and bath. -;-- I ..
WE can rent you ■ a house » with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ....
$100,000 to loan ; ladies' 1 private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris". 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— 6 or 6 room cottage; must be cheap
for cash. Box 1419, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY lady, best references, will
take charge San Francisco residence '- during
absence of owners. Address M. G., Glenwood,
Cal. '-.-■■■■•'■' ■ ■■' ■.- :.■>■. -- ■ ■-■.:
COTTAGES TO LET.
A^COZY 5-room. bath; nice yard rcottageTTii
At SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st. .
COTTAGE, 4 room's; stable; large lot and shed.
3244 Harrison St., near Preclta'ave.
FOLSOM, 2326 — Cottage 7 large rooms and bath;
large yard; rent $20.
$15— 5- ROOM cottage; bath; basement : , and
yard. 2417 Clay st. "
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE fiats, 3 and 4 rooms, near Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, $10. At SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market st. ■ . , -..;...-" ?.■■_*.:
A — FOUR rooms, nice clean flat, ' near. Mason
and Ellis sts., $15. At SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market at. - ',-■ : ■■ .-,:■", -.>■;.•
BRYANT, 916— Nice sunny flat of 4 rooms;
large yard; rent $12.
CLAYTON, 872, • south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT 'of 3 sunny rooms, party furnished; $9.
f.lVi Bernard St.. off Taylor. - ■ : -': \ ,
GEARY, Flat, 5 sunny rooms; water fre»;
rent $14. . .
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches; low rates;
private offices. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
LEA YEN WORTH, Upper fiat of 5 rooms;
modern Improvements; rent $16.
LOVELY lower flat, 5 rooms and bath; yard;
reasonable. 35€S 17th st. , near Guerrero.
NINETEENTH, Elegant corner upper flat,
6 rooms; basement and yard; reasonable.
SCOTT, 520, near McAllister— flat of 6
rooms and bath; sunny; -newly decorated;
rent $25.
STEVENSON, 427, between Fifth and Sixth—
$10; first floor; key upstairs.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission st., near Seventh; $15.
SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms; good condition.
112 Perry St., near Third; $10.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage of 5 rooms cheap. Cor. Dolores and loth.
TO Let— 2 small flats of 8 rooms. Apply 542
Halght st. - ■■-■•. - • ■
TURK, 1506-1509, near Stelner— flats; 6 and
6. rooms and bath; $18 and $15.
WANTED— tenants for flats, cottages, etc.;
4 rooms on Van Ness aye., $25: also 10 new
flats, $25. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Mrkt.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. •
LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
Apply. 15 Grant aye.'
$12— SUNNY lower flat, 6 large rooms, bath.
440 Fourteenth st,, near Valencia.
83S HAVES Branch office of. The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 6 persons. Apply at shoa
store. 562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
AT Polk, 522— Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; neat, clean, quiet house.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Sunny bay-win-
dow suites; gas or wood; $12 to $_&.
CLEMENTINA, 707, corner Eighth— front
housekeeping rooms; $10.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkln— Sunny alcove, gas
stove; other rooms; $12 up.
FIFTH, Furnished, housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kitchen, $20; also 3, $12: single. $5 and $8.
FIFTH, 848— housekeeping rooms; fur-
nishetl- ■ '
FIRST, 28— 3. unfurnished rooms .suitable for,
- housekeeping; rent $6 per month. •■--,.* . -
GEARY, 856— Elegant sunny back parlor;
suites, double, single; privilege light house-
keeping; reasonable.__ ' ■ "'.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 sunny well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gas stove, bath
and free telephone. f
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
HAVES, 543— To let: large sunny well furnish-
.. Ed room suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $8.
HOWARD, 1068— Newly furnished sunny room*,'
single or en suite; also rooms for hskptng.
LAGUNA, 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath. $7.
MCALLISTER. Furnished front room with
kitchen; also bath.
MISSION, 1163— Nice front room and small
kitchen, furnished for hkpg.; bath; $12 50 mo.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite; gas; water; $12; single.
NOE, 151— 2 • pleasant front rooms, modern;
first floor;; kitchen, .linoleum; coal range; $10.
OAK, 119 — nicely furnished heavy housekeep-
ing rooms; separate entrance; $10.
O'FARRELL, 591—2 housekeeping rooms and
single front room.
PROSPECT place, 123, Stockton, Powell, near
California — House of 4 rooms; cellar; com-
plete; $5 to $15; private; German family.
TAYLOR, 238— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath, yard; light housekeeping; good location.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
THIRD, 308 — 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing: bath; hot and cold water; rent $9.
THIRD, 340—2 rooms complete for housekeep-
lng: rent $7. ■- ' _^ _._..'.
~~ ROOMS' TO LET.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House, 127. Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms,- en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. .: ■■. ;
BALBOA, The, 1409 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post 6t., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
DELAWARE, 1 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
V furnished single and double rms. ; $8. *10 mo.
FOLSOM, 2548— 3 or 4 rooms, with gas stove,
; cheap: without children. - .
GEARY, ' 402— Just opened; carpets - and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. V ■
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; hot and cold water.
GEARY, 792— Large sunny front room for 1 or
3 gents; new house; bath, gas. '
GLOBE House,' 1 . 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard <;ars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 816 — Nice large furnished
room; lor 2 gents; $7; private family. '
HAVES, 371— Front bay-window room; bath,
gas; $7. ■.__ . - . ' - ■
$100 000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 /Grant aye.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. .• 
HASKELL. The. 121 Powell Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.;
HOTEL Francisco. Turk and J Taylor— Elegant
-- suites and slgle rms ; transient. . Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 9f.3V_— - Sunny ' furnished ■ rooms from
$4 up. MRS. NOWLAN. .-:..*. ;-','■_ ;: ; ;
MARKET, 1007%— Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY ■ DOWNING, Prop.
MISSION, 1729%, near Thirteenth— sunny
front room furnished; bath; laundry; $5.
NATOMA, 714. bet. Bth and 9th— Sunny • fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen, $5 and $6 month.
O'FARRELL, • 20— Sunny - furnished ■ rooms < ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month. W
O'FARRELL, , , 427— Sunny i furnished • single
rooms, $10 , up; private house. Mrs.; • J. King.
POST, 909— Newly , : furnished j single I and double
rooms; sunny; gas; bath; quiet neighborhood.
POWELL. — 211 O' Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite -or single; also transient; rent cheap. v
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable. .'.';, .;*:-" ,- -v .
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard I (Girard House)—
*,; Sunny rooms; ' reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, -: 28 : ; Eighth St.,
'■.' near Market— Furnished' and unfurnished. <■■ ,
SIXTH. * Newly ; furnished house; ; single ,or
' ' en suite ' also 3 elegant housekeeping rooms. ' :-'
ROOMS TO LET— Contlnned. ■
SIXTEENTH. 2910— rooms with use of
kitchen; cheap. -. - •
STEVENSON, Sunny front rooms; single
/or double; light housekeeping.' . . ?. . 
SUTTER, ' 1121, near Polk— front rooms, large
and small, for gentlemen; bath included; rea-
sonable; private family. - ' ■' ", ; -: ;;-.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 305— Furnished hall bedroom, $5; also
front parlor, furnished or unfurnished, to suit.
TURK, 543—1 single furnished room; rent $5.
ROOMS AND BOARD. ' -". ■'.'>..
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct. ;
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye.—
: Rooms 50c up; board and room. $1 per day and
upward free bus to and from . hotel. ■ •
EDDY. 626 (Irvlngdale)— front bay-win-
dow suites, best board, $40 up: single, $20 up.
MISSION, 846— Nicely furnished suites and sin-
gle rooms, with board; rias.; day boarders.
$100 000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for gentle-
.- man; parlor; piano; home cooking; $20 up.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Nicely furnished rooms,
. with board, $4 to $5 per week. ' i ■'■ ■
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
• Market st suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month : single rooms accordingly. .'■>■■-
VAN NESS aye., 619— Sunny furnished , suites
and single rooms; first-class table board. -
VAN NESS, Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms.'
CHILDREN BOARDED. ~~
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished l room for parent. 51 Clara st.
WANTED — Baby to raise on bottle;' thorough
experience. MRS. WERNER, 210 LexinKton.
STORES TO LET.
COR. store, 2822 Mission; 7 yrs. as saloon;
cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard; fixt-
ures for saloon. Apply 2833 Mission st.
BRIGHT and light; 7 City Hall Bq.. cor. Mar-
ket st; suitable for any business; rent $15.
NICE sunny stores, with living rooms, at 339
Noe st.; rent $9 and $10.
OFFICES TO LET.
ITMMA SPRECKELS building, 937 Market st;
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
- sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk st, near Jones.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlcs,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS: M. ■ DAVIES, 1228 Market
st:; pills. $1; very strong, %i. ;
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
■ absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively cafe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, -sent free by
mail on receipt of price; ' consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER . BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. ■ ■ —
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways ; In one day; safe and sure; no -medi-
i cine or instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules, . $1; cure,
$.". By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities irom what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market at.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, ' 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into- good homes."
$100,000 TO loan on bronzes, silverware; private
entrance: UNCLE HARRIS. ■15 Grant aye.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Oil."
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement:
treatment $J 50. 862 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; Bunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 158 Second st. -
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st— Book-
■ keeping, business practice,' shorthand, typ-
ing, • telegraphy,- languages, English branches*,
electrical, civil and mining en-sneering : sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers;' 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. ;
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc. : life scholarship, $60; low rates
per week and month. ...... . .
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 8941 .Twenty-
fourth st, near Sanchez. -. " - .
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, "407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mmm-
c. meeh. survey, assay, archit.; day* eve.;
eat. 1864. VAN, PER NAILLEN, 933 Market
$100 000 to loan on diamond", sealskins and jew-
elry. v UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. ;
ZITHER lessons Riven by ; MAX MAIER, 528
Turk st. between Larkln and Polk. . . . . ,
MMX. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, ' vocal
Instructions; correct.natural method. 9Bo Buiih.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke CaldwMi;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 128 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 672 Parrott bldg.-
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate; you can get our.
combination metal plate for the same price;
it Is thin as paper; full set of teeth, $5;
crowns,- $3: fillings, 50c up; teeth -without
plates a specialty; written guarantee for 10
years given on all work; no students employ-
ed: extracting free when -plates are ordered;
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL PAR-
LORS," corner Market : and Mason : sts. - En-
trance 8 Mason st. ; phone South 781.
A FULL set of teeth, r $5; see new flexible
plates: Hunt and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted." Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth. $5: fillings, gold. $1 up; silver, 250
up; bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission st, corner Sixth. '- ■
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth. with- 1
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farroll st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25e up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth. ' .■:,-*
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 , Market St.. near
Eleventh ; crowns, ; bridge i work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gat* given. ;
SET of teeth 1- without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. j 'r\y-._
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY.. 1320 Market 8t... .
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam- Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves/ lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
■; '■', 38 and 40 Eighth Bt.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with' poor work
: send '-a to ■ BPAULDINGS ..r? Pioneer v Carpet-
■,'. beating Works, 353-57 Tehama . st. ; ;.tel. S. 40.;
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. "■
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J.E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74. y
CONKLIN'B Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. - East 126. - • : •■- - rl
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;,
■. tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.:.
SEWING ; machines, .
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, 1 Singer * and White'-
cheap : repairing guaranteed. •■ 1918 Mission st. ;
$2 MONTHLY, - rented; i repaired, bought,' sold;
machine supplies. v 146 Sixth ; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds ■- bought/sold, exchanged, rented;
- repairing at lowest . rates. 205 Fourth st. i >-.-
■ : % \ ' TYPEWRITERS. "-^'- ■■
1 ALL ' tpewrlters : sold : and ' rented; few ' partly
1 '■- used * for • sale : cheap; J send ; for ■ samples v and '
k Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
i A : HAMMOND.' $25; i Callgraph, $15; Yost, : $25 ; .
I .••; get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st.
PERSONALS.
TO Whom It May Concern— l, James C. To-
malty, will not be responsible for any debts
contracted by MRS. J. C. TOMALTY, my
wife, she having left my bed and board.
JAMES C. TOMALTY.
MAGNETISM is the life of the physical; it
cures sleeplessness, melancholia or any dis-
ease that is curable; instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, birth-
marks and their prevention; the power, of
thought and its effects; philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
no rubbing; can heal from a distance. J. w.
BROWN, magnetic healer, 1362 Grove St..
Oakland.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment, J2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th., Oakld.
LEDERER always dresses your hair correctly;
25c only; hair restored to Us natural color.
Si 50 up; good switches, SI; finest. S3 50: extra,
$5; open Sunday 9 to 12. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; SI 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia is the tonic that will
prevent the hair falling out; 35c bottle. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
SEND Mo (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters, New Orleans,
La.; regular price, $1 per -year. • - ■■ .■'.*■-■;
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
SI week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 111? Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding haWts,
coats, , capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt., opp. Emporium.
23S TAYLOR— MRS. GRAY, dressmaking; la-
dles' ?uits reasonable; dresses made over:
satisfaction guaranteed.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS, DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, ■ recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall.. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth. ,
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism: all wishing to know their
future consult her Immediately; poor people
half fee; by mail, SI; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st. . . "■"£''■
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight;, diag-
nosis disease with full life reading: -la. 50c;
gents Si; palm & clalr.: sit SI 50. 126 Turk.
MME. REAL, card reader; tells present ' and
future. 835 A Howard st. "..V
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 143 Sixth st., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Faxrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, hag opened an office at 815 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from
what cause or how long standing, with re-
vealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologist; cir-
-- cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. ; has
removed from 34 to 23 Sixth et., room 3.
LARKIN, 305— T0-night a benefit social for
Ladles' Aid: drama; dancing; 10 cents-.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet astral
lights eeance, 8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leavenworth.
MRS. SEELEY, flower test circle, 2 and 8 p.
m. 27 Laskle St., off Mission, near Ninth.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.
Men., 8, 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
M FRANCES. independent slate-wrltlng me-
dlnm. 118 Haiirnt ft.
MUSICAL i INSTRUMENTS^
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
■ gate and approve this method ;.T>rlees are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments ar.d some goert pianos for $3," $4 and
J5 per month. SHERMAN, ) CLAY & CO..
Etelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., " San Francisco,-, and Thirteenth and
' Broadway, , Oakland. - :
HARDMAN — Another carload opened
up Monday morning; see the beautiful Instru-
ments; none better In the world: their dura-
bility Is phenomenal; perfectly new: one case
damaged in shipping at a snap bargain for
cash: an organ. $20. THE J. DEWING CO.,
second floor Flood building. ,
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest - ; house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. • . ■ ■ ■ -: -
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
| erlng, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
\ ; payments. 16 O'Farrell Bt.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best in quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIB. 769 Market at. .> . r - . .■•-.
6OHMER & CO.. Byron Mauiy. Newby. Evans,
Brigcs •an J- other pianos; nee our rent plan;
no interest first year. : 308, 310. 312 Post St.
WANTED — To buy a piano; will rent sunny
. furnished rooms as payment. Box RS4. Call. ■
HAIXES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
ISO— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for said, on
J5 Installments. 1115 Post st. '
$90— Elegant Emerson piano: bargain. Schmitz,'
16 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
AN elegant Stelnway, upright for $250 cash;'
' must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1021 ."an Ness aye.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights, JTS up;
rents $2 Up. HEINE. 136 Ellis ?t. . - -. - : i
KNABE pianos; new scale: new Ltyles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. • ■<-
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia st., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also busbies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own pricey come and
make an offer. " ■ ' ' ' :■■ ;■ 9
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade. Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction *ales every Wednes-
day: SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. 
JUST arrived— 2 carload* work, draft and driv-
: Ing horses. Occidental Salesyorda, 721 Howard."
WAGONS: AND CARRIAGES.
COUNTRY leather- top Landau, 6-passenger
wagonette, , physician's coupe and falling
front Brougham second hand, cheap. 500
Golden Gate aye. ; ; ' ' .■■-■--■'.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Parkin, opp. City Hall.
ggjFOR.j|S ALE— MISCELLANEOUS. ' x .
A beautiful pearl opera glass for $6; cost origi-
nally $15. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MALTESE kittens $1 each; also baby buggy.
617 Turk et. - ■ -.-.. ■ > -
HALF-HORSE engine; dynamo; cheap.
1025 McAllister st.
MINING drill, patented In United States and
:;- Canada. Box 557, Call Office. • -- ..
SECOND-HAND • lumber, all kinds: also bldg
being torn down Townsend and 2d; lumber
cheap; firewood. J. B. ' FRENCH, Valencia
i and : Fifteenth st. . ' , >' : '.'•*;.:
Engine boiler,' pumps, pulleys, > shafting, laundry
mchy, dynamos. 2d hand. . White, : 616 Mission
LARGE fire i and burglar proof safe j for sale
cheap at 42 Main st. :.- .:
FOR Fresh family cow. Call 232 Dun-
can st. - :,'.-■■ ■ ■ ■ :■■ .. -:;■-+' :-'if.--rj
■ SELL Tor rent,' combination: billiard 1 and pool
I ■;■ table, piano; reasonable.' Box 606,: Ca1l office.
BOILERS engines, S 2il-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH ' & WOLPMAN, : 195-197 j Fremont i st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases; counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
■ niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st., above
Sixth. ,--■■■ ■'•■■'-■'■-■■'-',• " ■ -■■^1-.'-: ■-!^::s;.r
SAFES— New and second hand: ; cheaper than
" ever, i Herman • Safe Manfc, 033 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen; ;
'... projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, ; 93B-952 Market.
J 'K. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand '
;:,■ building material. 1124 Mission: tel. South 787.
SAFES— in ; new and second hand; all
Bizee; half original cost. 109-111 , Market, S. . F. i
389 'l HAVES ■*. ST.— Branch -i office ~i of •, The ' CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken. .-
;■- .' ;-^:;;: ■_-■::■. v '" STORAGE. ;_;.r' L -\vyj^T~
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage ; and | Moving | Co..
: office Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
„ ' !~; ■- 7.- - '-' f ' *- -■"-■ -!-■-.'*■-■.• ■ ' . • ' ■ . '■■' ■ ■ :■■•--
■ ' - '■" -J -
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BIGGEST BARGAINS \- r . J "-'
EVER OFFERED. .
SPLENDID HOME OR
INVESTMENT LOTS.
LOTS $275 ... . . " '.-
LOTS $275
And upwards, in small monthly payments. ;
Terms, $25 cash, $5 monthly. ;
Terms. $25. cash, $5 monthly. : '
. We have just placed on the market (ten days
ago) 100 lots south of and not a great way from
Golden -Gate Park; lots face on Eighth, Ninth.
Tenth and Eleventh . ayes.; all lota graded :
streets graded; magnificent view overlooking
the Park and Golden Gate. ■ ■ •-"'' '
Go and see these lots by all means. It ■will be
time well spent, and pleasantly spent, too. You
will enjoy the trip and view and : learn , some-
thing of the growing Sunset District. -- - 4
Take Haight or Ellis-st. cars and transfer to
the new electric road (taking the place of the
old steam dummy). Get off at Ninth aye. and
H street. We have a branch office there, open
dally (Sundays and holidays included). Blue
cars on Mission and ■ Ellis ■ sts. run direct from
the ferries. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
- - 10 Montgomery st.
$1950—15 ELIZABETH St.. 71 feet east of Guer-
rero; - 2-story ■■ bay-window residence, consist-
. ing of 6 rooms and bath: positive -bargain;
inspect to-day; we are selling the house and
giving the lot away; terms to suit. F. -A.
McNALLY & CO., 19 Montgomery st.
A— LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6; 2 car lines; per-
, fectly level; new cottage opposite; positive
bargain; near Sunnyside. 21. Powell St.,
rooms 1-2.
CORNER residence. . 10 rooms ; bath; cen-
trally located. Box 1079, Call office.; ;
$650 — WILL build 4-room, bay-window cottage;
hard finished. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder.
521 X St., Sunset District. ?'. • « : >'
BARGAIN — Make offer; a new 8- room house
and furniture; 3010 Castro St.; addition San
- Mateo electric line. ' "
$100,000 to loan; low interest; strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
. COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$100,000 to loan on watches, bronzes; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale in Oakland— house, 7 rooms and
bath: 2-story : best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 8 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. HERON 4
HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway. -.
$100,000 to loan; low interest: private offices;
private entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; -Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL. 1001
Broadway. • ' ■ ' ■ •
HOTEL TO RENT, UNFURNISHED.
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
58 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. ; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable. 1223 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
PuiRNITtJRE^Oood" and cheap. H. SCHELIP
HA'AB' old store. 408 Eleventh >t. 9-9 hi:*.'
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
»< ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE you buy .or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders. 1500 Park -t.. Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WE offer for sale several of Berkeley's most
beautiful homes; one with • large grounds,
fruit, barn, well, etc. ; about ten minutes'
walk from station. Two other ' fine places,
handy to station and delightful view.
Another on Dwight way; all in good order
and very desirable, at moderate • prices. •
Also - several smaller homes from $1000 up-
ward; we also build homes to order on easy I
terms. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
i ALTA-PUNTA Tract again on th« market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo are., 8 miles
. north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to .O. W. HAIGHT,
. 220 Sansome St.. S. F. . . ' V
LOVELY place in the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms; lot 100x135: only $1600. Ap-
ply to .TAS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley.
PR/0 PERT V TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE or for sale— lo acres, all Im-
' proved, adjoining "• city of San Jose; good
house and barn: this is the finest orchard on
the market. EITEL..IOI6 Market st.
MONEY. TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
- ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do not
borrow of your friends or -you will lose . their
friendship ; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st. 1
LOANS on ' furniture or pianos In S. F. . Oak-
land or • AJameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. ■ J.
• NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 ' Mission St., above
- Sixth; telephone South 14. .' ' - ' ■ ■■-
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. ' Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES made at cut rates on watches, dia-
monds and Jewelry. L. H. SCHARER, 22
Mason st. ...
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low. rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6>4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estate*, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery; rm. 3.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, ' bonds and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
ON furniture, pianos.' without removal; no com-,
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO 000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL. ,
FOREIGN ' and . home capital '- to ; Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery st.
■ r LOST. ■ ■■. ■:'.■■'.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, :In the
name of AUGUSTUS F. GODDARD, No. 185-
1222.. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of ' San ■ Francisco, in the
name of EMMA MALEDON, No. IS7-1523. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— :on Adler St., near Broadway,
and Montgomery aye. Finder -please return
same to 233 Montgomery av«. ;' reward. .. .
LOST— October , 17, black, white and tan Eng-
lish setter bitch. Return ; to 410 Post st. and
receive reward. ■■ ■ .-■'■ : " ; -■"■' ■ '-
LOST— A pass book with the Hiternia Savings
and Loan Society of San ; Francisco,- in the
name of EDITH FAY McAVOY, No. 174055.
The finder will please return to bank. . ;
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad,
Issued to A. G. - RUSS. has been lost and a
reward of $10 is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. G. RUS3. 201 Montgomery st.
FOUND.
$100 000 to loan ladies ■on : their -" diamonds and
sealskins: UNCT.K HARRIS. 15 Grant -aye. '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
CITY- Law : and Collection Office; advice free.
' 777 ' Market -St., room 7. -■ - " ~
C E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law,
40 Montgomery St., room 18. - ," .- ••
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
. ket; consultation free; no fees in advance, y "
ADVICE free: no chßrge unless successful.' W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ■
~~ .'.LEGAL:' NOTICES. r/^)^t I
NOTICE is hereby given that on Saturday. Oc-
tober 22, IS9B. at' 12 m.. - at : the ' auction sales-"
room of. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgom-
ery st., i San Francisco, , •; the undersigned
ANAIS HALE. « administratrix of s the estate I
of J. P." HALE, deceased, will sell at public
auction to the. highest bidder for gold coin of
• the United , States, the ■ lot |of land situate ;In
X the City and County of San Francisco, Cali-
; , fornia, ■on ' the northerly • side of Oak ■ St., 187:6
; feet% westerly from . Octavla st. ; thence | west-
erly '• 137:6 feet along ', Oak St., with : a uniform ;
. depth of 120 feet to ; Hickory aye., with the: i
' improvements,!. known as 314, . 316, 318, :320: 320 ' 322. '
• '. and 524 i Oak i st.. subject Ito 5 the . homei*ead
'■'right of r the widow of the deceased in the ;
: house known as 3)4 Oak et. '?^>--;--.»,:^v.! - •••
- ANAIS HALE. Administratrix.
;"• Dated October 20, 1898. ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
David J. Roberts and . Kate Doherty ........ 24- 22
G. F. Maxfleld and Celestine Aubounet. 20-16
A. M. Pointon and Mary A. Lohmann 21-18
Alfred.Massic and Mary Mcßride. 41 -ST
William J. F. Barcus and Mary Miller 53-41
Julian H. Newbauer and Hilda 5ach5...... 28-20
Ernest E. Kirk and Anna M. Grimm 23-21 .
Leonard C. Page and Nellie 5heehan....... 47-2S
A. S. Christianson and Lizzie Buman 40-35
j Francis Defratis and Margaret Aitken 50-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
FELTES— In this city, October 6, 18f8, to the
wife of John Feltes, a son.
GRATTO— In- this city, September 28, 1898. to
. the wife of D. P. Gratto, a daughter..
McHENRY— In this city, October 11, 1898, to
the wife of John McHenry. a daughter.
; MARRIED.
EGBERT— KIRBY— In this - city. October 19.
1898,^at Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, by
the Rev. J. Stephens. Milton Egbert and
Vlrena L. Klrby. both of Rio Vista. Cal.
GUNN— HOWLAND— In this city. October 19.
1898, at the residence of the bride's mother,
by the Rev. Dr. Mackenzie, Charles Mackel-
can Gunn and Edith Howland. .
CROWLEY— this . city. ', October 19, '.
IS9B, at the residence of the bride's parents, '
Mr. and Mrs. I". Crowley, by the Rev. Father
Callaghan of San Mateo, George Lyon and
Daisie Crowley.
NASH— HODSON— In this city. October 13, 1898."
at Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, by the
Rev. J. Stephens, George. N. Nash and Maude
Hodson, both of San Francisco. ■ ■ ;
DIED.
Brown, J. Franklin Larkin, Catherine "'■
Conniff, D. Joaeph Lindstrom. Charles .
Cook, Neil Lobree, Isaac
Connelly, Michael McDonnell (infant)
Curley, John Mulvane, Louisa O.
Ellis, Nathan R. O'Neil. Hannah
Enright. Mrs. C. Power. William J. -
Fournear. Justlna Scanltin. Robert F.
Galnes, Henry A. Smith. Harriet D. '
Horan. Kerrian, Valentine. Clara .
Kenny, John J. * Woolcock, Mrs. Mary
BROWN— In this city, October 18, 1898. J.
Franklin Brown, a native of Louisiana, aged
43 years.
j (C?"Frlends and , acquaintances are respect-
"' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), -at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. fcgggllßgßfcgßlHß
CONNIFF— In this city, October 20, IS9S, D.
Joseph, beloved son of the late ■ Peter and
Bridget Conniff, and brother of Edward, John
and Frances Conniff, a native of Mllford,
Mass. - - ; -
Friends and acquaintances ■ are i respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his aunt. Mrs. Martin Doyle, 139 Silver
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing ■ at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery..
COOK— In Rio Vista, Nell, beloved husband of
Mary Cook, and beloved father of John, Peter,
Alex and Catherine Cook. Mrs. E. W. West-
gate, Mrs. E. Allison, Mrs. W. Ferguson and
Mrs. James Hamilton, a native of Scotland,
aged 80 years. ' .
CONNELLY— In this city, October 19. , 1895. .
Michael Connelly, a native of Ireland, aged
80 years. • . ■
IETThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. Mary Kernan. 1 1510*4
Broadway, thence to St. Brigid's Church,
where a mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-,
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CURLEY— In this city, October 19, 1898, John.
beloved brother of Maggie and James Curley,
a native of Achonry, County Sligo, Ireland,
aged 48 years and 9 months. (Sligo, Ireland, •
papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of ■
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's Ca-
thedral, where a solemn requiem mass, will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
ELLIS— In this city, October 19. 1898, Nathan
R., beloved husband of Kate Ellis, and father
of Lillie, Randall,: Elmer and ; Herbert • Ellis,
a native of Knoxville, Term., aged 64 years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3427 Twenty-fifth street, thence to St.
James Church, Twenty-third and' Guerrero
streets, where a. solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated "for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ENRIGHT— A month's mind requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
• soul of Mrs. Catherine Enright this day (Fri-
, day), at 9 o'clock, at Holy Cr-ss Church,
Eddy street, near Scott. Frien< are Invited
to attend. .. • . .',-;
FOURNEAR— In the City and County Hospital,
Ootober 20, IS9B, Justina Fournear. a native
of France, aged 55 years.
GAINES— In this city. October 15, 1898. Henry
A. ■ Games, a native of New York, aged 52
years.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of James Hagan, '445 Valencia street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . ' .'«.'•*
HORAN— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober. 19, I*9B, Kerrian Horan, a native' of
Ireland, aged 60 years.
KENNY— In this city, October 18, ISSB," John
Joseph, dearly beloved son of James and
Catherine Kenny, and' beloved brother of
James, Helen and Allle "Kenny, Mrs. S. A.
Taylor, Mrs. W. Herve, Mrs. F. Darling. Mrs.
P. Sonntag and of the late Mary F. Kenny,
. a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years and
3 months. >
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock sharp, from '■ the
.^residence of the parents. Silver avenue, be-
tween Mission and San Bruno roads, thence to
old St. Mary's College Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LARKIN— In this city, October 20. 1898, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Francis Lar-
kin, a native of daddy, County Armagh,
Ireland, aged ,6S years.
iE?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Mary's Hospital
Chapel, where a solemn requiem ma will
be celebrated for* the repose of . her foul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. SSHSrcTVSS^
LINDSTROM— In this city, October 20, 1893,
Charles G. .Lindstrom. a native of California,
aged 44 years. . . ■,:. ■ - ■■'■'■
LOBREE— in this city. October 20, ISPS, Isaac,
beloved husband of Augusta Lobree, and
father of Adaline, / Lena. Philip and Ray Lo-
bree, a native of Prussia, Germany, aged ; 7C
years. ' •
MCDONNELL— In this city, October 20. 1898,
infant child of Edward and Kate McDonnell,
a native of San Francisco.
MULVANE (nee, MAHON)— this city. Octo-
ber 18, IS9S. Louisa G.. wife of C. J. Mulvane,
and beloved daughter of Helena and the late
Franklin Mahon, a native of San Francisco..
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi- .
dence of her mother, Mrs. Helena Mahon. 606
Ellis street, -thence to St. Mary's Cathedral.
Van Ness avenue, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .;.
O'NEIL— will be an anniversary requiem
- mass for the repose of the soul. of the late
Hannah O'Nell at St. Mary's Cathedral, this
(Friday) morning, at 8 o'clock. .~ :.-:.;■
POWER— In this city, October 19. 1898. Wil-
liam John, ! beloved son of William J. « and ■
Mary E. Power, and grandson of C. McManus
of Nicasio, a native of San Francisco, aged
8 months and 19 days. -
- .- icrFrlends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the . residence of
the parents, 23 Devlsadero street. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCANLON— Oakland. October 20. 1598/ Ro-
bert Francis Scanlon. beloved brother' of Jo-
seph, Richard, i Patrick and : Charles Scanloo
and Catherine and Thomas - Dolan, . a native
of California, . aged 17 years and 9 months.
SMITH— In this city, October 19, 189.*, Harriet
D., beloved wife of James Smith, a native of
Charleston, S. C.V aged •75 " years. (Phila-
delphia papers please copy.). .
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the -uneral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
peny, 2425 - Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn. Cemetery. - *
VALENTINE— In i Fniltvale, • October 18, 1898,
Clara," dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Clara
and the late John T. Valentine, and sister of ~
William L., Charles .E. and. Thomas A. Val- -
entine, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 7 months and 5 days. . ,
« (£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend • the funeral this day
(Friday), at "1:30 o'clock., from the. Baptist.
Church ' ■ Powell 1 street, between j Sutter •_ and •
Bush. ' Interment Laurel Hill ,Cemetery. . v
WOOLCOCK— In Battle Mountain. Nev., : Octo-
: ber 18, IS9B. Mrs. ' Mary .?. Woolcock. beloved
mother of Mrs. P. -Organ and William J. and
Peter ■ Woolcock, .a- native of England, aged
61 years 2 months and 12 days.:. ,■ ; -.. !
' - Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully ■ invited to : attend the funeral ; this ■ day
(Friday) at 11 o'clock; 'from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com -
cany 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec- .[
.■ trlc funeral car. >-'■ ■■■■-... -.-^
IT AtcAVOY & GALLAGHER. g
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALAIERSB
£0 TITTH ST., Xopp. Lincoln 8oKo»l." ' g
;.' V;. ; Telephone. South ; g(^*. ■ .
m^ mm^'il. " b! ' McAVOY. , Manager.
McAVOY & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 . i
1235 Market st., between Bth and 9th." '
■ - Telephone, - Sonth2_247^_2^J_^jiiiJti. fe
1112
PHELAN'S COLONISTS
DISFRANCHISED
Lost Their Right to Vote, and in
Consequence They Cannot
Hold Office.
The "Hefting" Mayor's Little Scheme to Beat One-
Half of the City Out of Representation
Fails Because It Is a Fraud.
When James D. Phelan, the "hefting"
Mayor of San Francisco, connived at
the crime by which Wldber looted the
city treasury through his dereliction of
duty, incompetence was the worst that
was charged against him. In his de-
fense of ward colonization on the part
of his henchmen there Is something
worse than incompetence — he delib
erately indorses a fraud against the
ballot.
The Call has shown that Bylngton.
Bartlett, Qutte and Deasy have regis
tered aa voters in wards other than
those in which they live. Eugene P.
Murphy also registered in the Ninth
Ward when he lived In the Eleventh,
but his heart failed him and he threw
up the nomination and went back
"home."
When Murphy weakened It became
necessary to get some one else to fill
the place, and as there Is no Democrat
In the whole of the Ninth Ward with
•whom Boss Phelan cares to associate,
Charles Gildea of 1020 Mission street
■was '•advised" to move down to 456
Sixth street— temporarily— and qualify
by registering from there. Gildea
moved and registered, but he, like By
lngton, Bartlett, Deasy and Outte, still
retains his home at the old place and
is living a dual existence— living a lie
in the Ninth Ward while he has his
home at 1020 Mission street.
At 1020 Mission it is said that Gildea
sM'I lives there, hi* morning paper is
still delivered at 1020 Mission and a
light may be seen burning in his room
at 3/>2O Mission every nieht.
According to the published state
ments of Phelan and the Examiner,
the accepted Democratic organ, these
chances of residence were "temporary."
According to the Political Code of the
State temporary residence does not
give the necessary qualifications to en
title a man to vote. According to the
best legal opinion disqualification as a
voter disqualifies as a candidate, and
It matters not wTiether the man at
tempts to vote or not, for a man to be
eligible as a candi-date must be a quali
fied voter.
This, then. Is thue position of Lewis
F. Byington. Lewis de F. Bartlett, Jere
miah Deasy, Isadore Gutte and Charles
Gildea: They have illegally registered
in ivards other than those in which
they live: they dare not attempt to vote
for fear they will be compelled to swear
that they have permanently changed
their residence: they are not legal
voters of the city and county of San
Francisco, and consequently are not
eligible for office In the city and county
of San Francisco.
The question of the location of a
man's home wag never more tersely
specified than by Jo Hamilton, ex-At
torney General of the State, when he
said: "Home is whar Betsy and the
babies live." Not one of these men
took "Betsy and the babies" with him
when he moved from a luxurious home
to the cramped quarters of a cheap
lodging-house, and while all may not be
so fortunate as to have "Betsy and
babies" they have their little house
hold gods, their lares and penates, their
books and little comforts that every
man, be he married or single, accumu
lates about him in the place he calls
"home."
So much fOT the catspaws which -vere
to be used in raking political chestnuts
from the fire for Monkey Phelan. They
have transgressed the election laws of
the State, and as the Grand Jury Is In
session it is for that body to say what
Investigation shall be made into the
matter.
Phelan has used these men to further
his own ends. Thanking God that he
is not like other men he decides that
there is no Democrat in the Third,
Fifth, Seventh, Ninth or Tenth wards
who is honest enough or fit to sit in
council with him. In order to get Just
the kind of men he wants he sends five
men from the aristocratic portions of
the city to lord it over the residents of
those wards and then asks the men
whom he condemns to vote for his
henchmen. He doffs his Bilk hat, kid
gloves and fine raiment, and, dressed in
old clothes, a slouch hat and with bare
hands, goes down among the working
men and tells them how "he loves the
sons of toll"— and then he quarrels with
the gas company because it pays its
workmen $40 a month, saying that $25
is enough for a laborer.
Then the Subsidized Bulletin, the
paper which has done more to keep
down wages than any other influence cm
the coast, brays loudly in commenda
tion of Phelan because he condescends
to shake hands with a worklngman.
The puerile Examiner meets the
charge of fraud against Pfcelan and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Cil Efllld
FROM ECZEMA
CURED BY CUTICURA
For ten years I suffered untold agonies from
Eczema, my lower limbs being so swollen and
broken oat that I could hardly go about. My
brother, a physician of thirty years 1 practice,
and other physicians of splendid ability, tried
in vain to effect a cure and signally failed. I
became absolutely disheartened, and had lost
nil hope, when a friend induced me to giro
CtrticxmA. Remedies a trial. I used two
o&kes of Ctjticcra. Soap and two boxes of
CrncTTBA (ointment), and it resulted in an
.bsolutc and ptrmanent cure.
DAVID M. BAPP, Plymouth, 11
BpeSdt C'-»b TmiißiFT fob all Set* axd Blood
Bruoas. with l»osi or Hai». — Warm b«:hi with Ctm-
cc i»A Ho *p. er«o!le «t.<v.nttnn with Craccn, nd mild '
&o*s» at CPTioomA Httoyrtn. . \
Bold flmnshcut fbt »wrld. PoTTBaDBDaAW Ctmt.
Ooar., E«i* Piopt., BotMB. " So w 10 Cum Ec * enw/fr te.
his satellites with the old cry of the
schoolboy, "You are another." It
gravely announces that five Republi
can candidates have also changed their
residences and gone into wards and
registered illegally. On this statement
it Justifies the action of the "hefting"
Mayor, claiming that these five men
are doing exactly what The Call showed
had been done by the Democrats.
The Call has no sympathy with the
men who will attempt to gain political
preferment through fraud of any hind,
and it announced yesterday, before any
charge was made against a single Re
publican, that if any man had regis
tered illegally or had changed his resi
dence illegally, "whether he be Demo
crat, Populist, Republican or of any
other party," his name should be taken
from the ticket. It is the duty of Mr.
Higgy to cite these men to appear and
show cause why their names should
not be stricken from the great register.
The Call has shown conclusively that
five men on the Democratic ticket are
attempting to get office through fraud.
They flaunt their effrontery In the
faces of honest voters, and in this are
aided and abetted by James D. Phelan,
the "holier than thou" candidate for
Mayor who pays that the Democrats of
the Third, Fifth, Seventh. Ninth and
Tenth wards are not honest or fit
men.
These men have violated the law,
they have lost their right of suffrage
and are ineligible for office. Yet, in
the face of this, Phelan, the man who
counted Widber's cash by '"hefting" the
bags of dummies, the man who said
Sternberg should be imprisoned for life
for a similar act, says that these men
are doing right and are better than
any man in almost half of the city.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure sruarant'd. Dr.
Gortfin, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. CaJ.
GOLDEN GATE PABK WATER.
The New Reservoir to Be Completed
by the First of November.
Superintendent McLaren expects to have !
the extension to the water system for the j
additional supplying of the Golden Gate j
Park complete on November 1. To sup- ;
ply the entire area under cultivation in
the people's pleasure ground a second !
underground reservoir is being construct
ed which will, when completed, doubla
the capacity of the present system. This
Is 1,250,000 gallons dally.
The reservoir now under construction
will be 400 feet in length. 18 feet high by
12 feet in width. Superintendent Mc-
Laren has found it necessary to construct
this reservoir, as the additional supply
is required in order to bring under culti
vation a large area of the park lands.
Under the present appropriation of
$160,000 for the ensuing year it will re
quire the greatest economy on the part
of the Park Commlßsioners and the su
perintendent to keep the place in Its pres
ent condition without making any radi
cal changes. The amount appropriated
for the maintenance of the park as com
pared with similar places in the Bast i
shows the economy of this city. Boston, |
with its park of $271 acres, had an ap- j
propriation last year of $1,030,000. The j
pay of the police force employed In Cen- \
tral Park, New York, aggregates more
than the entire appropriation made for
Golden Gate Park. Superintendent Mc-
Laren will, however, try to add some
thing new to the already extensive im
provements In the park. At present he
is more than pleased at the electric lights
which have been placed throughout the •
park and about Lake Stow.
The annual report of the Park Commis
sioners was filed with the Supervisors :
yesterday. It shows substantial Improve
ments and makes the following financial
statement: ,'
Receipts— From taxes. $204. 534 «2- rent of
children's quarters, $1000; r*>nt of bo&thouee,
$475 : police fines, $100; pound fees, $100; rent
of Park and Ocean Railroad depot, $100; sale
of horses. $205 90: sale of scrap iron. $40 25;
gale of ducks, $22; sale museum catalogues,
$50; rebate Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
$7» 45; total. $107,007 22. Disbursements—Con
struction, 192, 55; maintenance, $103,588 48;
stock. $728 25: miscellaneous, $7321 86; overdraft
lafit year. $1317 53; total. 5205,862 65.
The extension of the water works system has
oost the commissioners $3547 82, and considerable
sums were expended In planting trees and re
claiming land. Donations of plants, animals
and birds were received from the following: j
M. E. Barbaugh, Mrs. Corbuß, Mr. Howard,
W. Ishom, G. O. Laws, Miss M Morrison, Mrs.
M. Mish, Mies Baker, L.. Hagenkamp, Mr.
Armstrong, H. Papworth of New Orleans, the
Mechanics' Institute, Mrs. Hill, George W.
Strattcn of Florida, Mrs. L. B. Scott, John I.
Bnbln, Mrs. H. Brant, Mrs. E. Beard, Mlps F.
Sherwood. Miss Le Count. E. A. Stelmeyer, A.
Bchofleld, Axel L. Assam, Dr. Brlgham. G. M.
Stratum, J. F. Haultaln, F. Butler of Boston,
Dr. V. Q. Tates. Professor Wlckson, Mrs. Arel,
John H. Bieven, Miss E. Short. Dr. H. Tevis,
Mrs. F. R. Bilty of I^orln. William J. Dingee.
A. Eastwood, J. B. Kldd. W. Moore, "William
R. Eaton, Dr. Burgess, United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, Angel Island Quarantine
Station, United States ' Mint, Maria Kip Or
phanage, Hebrew Aged Home, Public School
Department, Protestant Orphan Asylum, Alamo
square.
■ » »
DIRECTOR BURNS IN COURT.
School Building Fraud Cases Again
Continued for a Week— Will
File a Demurrer.
The cases of School Director Burns, In
spector O'Brien, Contractor Swift and
Registration Clerk Graham, charged with
conspiracy in defrauding the city by pre
senting false and fraudulent accounts for
lumber for school buildings, were called
in Judge Low's court yesterday morning-.
Attorney Riordan, on behalf of the de
fendants, asked for a continuance for a
week, as it was Intended to file a demur
rer to the complaint. Prosecuting Attor
ney Reynolds said he was ready to pro
ceed, but he had no desire to act dis
courteoualy to the defendants and would
consent to the continuance on the dis
tinct understanding that no other con
tfrniance would be granted. This was
satisfactory to the defense, and the cases
w continued until next Friday.
"Wallace-Kerr Nuptials.
On Wednesday evening, November 2,
the wedding of Blanche Maude Kerr.
daughter of David Kerr, and Albert Wil
liam Wallace will take place at Trinity
Presbyterian Church, corner of Twenty
third and Capp streets. Mr. Wallace is
cashier for John F. English. A reception
a* the residence of the bride's family will
be held after the ceremony.
Alien. Immigrants.
Immlgrration Commissioner Powderly
has issued a circular requiring owners
of steamships and masters of vessels
bringing aliens into this country to fur
nish customs officers with a manifest
showing a complete list of passengers.
Heretofore the list of second cabin and
steerage passengers were given. Hence
forth the list of alien cabin passengers
must be given also.
Alice Rix Writes About the King
of the Sleuths, in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1898.
CLARA DREW A
BLACK BALLOT
JMiss Tkropp, Soubrette, Springs
a Suicide yam.
f^LARA THROPP, eoubr«tte, and,
according to her posters, dainty,
L^PTetty, fetching and fascinating,
has perpetrated the latest adver
tising yarn, before which th« loss of
a trillion-dollar solitaire, gift of an
enslaved Czar, bends its diminished
head in abject humiliation. She has
drawn the fateful black ballot In a
suicide club.
Clara haß just wme over from
London— "dear old Lunnon"— and
she has her shrill American tongue
all tied up in an accent that's a
cross between the prickly r's of the
Alsatian French and the snarl of
a thoroughbred Scotch terrier. Ac
cording to the soubrotte, it is Eng
lish, with the London trademark;
but that, however, is quite another
story, and not Miss Thropp's griev
ance.
Mlsa Thronp has a grievance — a
bona-flde grievance. Her managers
say It is that she hasn't nearly been
mangled in a railway accident or
kidnaped by an Infatuated blind
man. or been the heroine of any old
thing. Miss Clara says it's the 8. S.
S. F. S. C which, explained, stands
for the Secret Society San Fran
cfsco Suicide Club. According to the
actress, when she last visited this
C lty_without her London accent— in
A. I>. 1£93, a friend Induced her to
become a member of a. suicide club,
with headquarters in this city. Clara
plunked down her double eagle— the
initiation fee— pocketed her member
ship papers fa (rrewsome statement
stamped In parchment, ornamented
with a skull and crossbones). and
thought no more of the vows she
had bound herself to Wednesday
afternoon, "Where's Matilda
Thropp'" came bouncing into Man
ager Alf. Ellinghouse'3 office at the
QUEER DELAY IN
APPORTIONING
CITY FUNDS
Supervisors' Commit
tee Hangs Back.
NOT READY TO REPORT
IS SAID TO BE WATTING FOB
MOBTON.
An Important Change in the Schedule
Is Expected by Those Who
riaim to Have Inside
Information.
Certain peculiar actions on the part of
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors are beginning to attract at
tention. The committee has persistently
declined to present to the board a resolu
tion segregating the funds of the various
departments, although four meetings
have been held sine; the tax levy tm
fixed. It 1b ciißtomary for the Supervis
ors to formally segregate the fuuds at
the meeting following the fixing of the
levy. Last year there was pome delay,
owing to the turmoil occasioned by the
claims of two rival boards, but in 1596 the
apportionment or segregation was or
dered on September 28, while in 1895 It was
adopted on September 3.
According to the understood programme
of the Finance Committee this year, the
segregation will not take place untl
Monday, November 7. or possibly until
Monday, November 14. The lateness of
this date Is without precedent in tho an
nals of the board, f*\d lends color to the
statement now In circulation that the de
lay is caused by the absence of Supervis
or Morton from the city. His thirty-day
leave of absence expires on November 2,
and the next meeting of the Supervisors
takes Place on the 7th. It Is alleged that
the vote of Morton is wanted to effect
certain radical changes in the Bchedule
as heretofore prepared for apportioning
the JO 0:.', 555 03 <<t the tax levy, and to
which the board agreed prior to the de
parture of Mr. Morton for the East.
When the Supervisors met on Septem
ber 26 it was expected that the Finance
Committee would report the customary
resolution, segregating the funds. But
the committee reported that it was not
ready. Again, on October 3, the Super
visors met and the committee had no
resolution to offer. The same thing hap
pened on October 10. Again the commit
tee hold back. The fact attracted atten
tion In connection with the action of the
majority of the board In voting to lay
over until November 7 consideration of
the ga« veto.
It Tias been discovered that the Finance
Committee prepared over three weeks
ago a resolution segregating the funds,
and that the same has been held in wait
ing—for Smith. That there is a deal on
is evident from the symptoms of the
case but the Supervisors in the confi
dence of the committee keep their own
counsels, despite certain sensational
stories that are being circulated regard-
Ing their intentions. It is frequently stat
ed that the closing sessions of the present
Board of Supervisors will probably be pro
lific in jobbery, but the facts remain to
be developed. It !s safe to say, however,
that there will be Eom© changes in the
present schedule for segregating the
funds, and that money for unexpected ex
penditures will be found by slicing from
dther prearranged appropriations. The
Board of Health will not be the gainer by
the deal, as the committee has already
Informally stated that It will not recom
mend a larger appropriation for the
Health Department.
Accused of Neglect.
Mrs. Prescott, assistant secretary of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
Comedy Theater and demanded
police protection. Miss Thropp was
apparently hysterical, and cried In
tones that suggested a soubrette
dinner. "It has come! It Is dread
ful! I must be protected! I won't
commit suicide, as this horrid letter
commands."
When the lady was finally pacified
ehe showed the manager an epistle
the fac-simlle of which ornaments
this tale of her woes. Then came
the manager's turn. "My Heaven!"
he exclaimed, "this Is the greatest
thing that ever happened. Don't be
alarmed. We will all protect you.
Go home at once and get that sui
cide contract and I'll summon a re
porter."
The reporter came. The Bupers all
stood around, dressed In stage police
men clothes. Then the fascinating,
fetching Thropp burst into sight.
"Where's the contract?" shouted the
manager. "I can't find It," said
Thropp. "I must have left It in my
box at the Stewart House in New
York. But I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'll wire for It, and I'll let you have
It In the morning."
Miss Thropp plainly recalls many
of the phrases of the deadly docu
ment, and is positive that the death
Instrument bore the signatures of
twelve prominent citizens. "1 re
member distinctly the name of the
president of the club," said the act
ress. "It was McCarthy — James J.
McCarthy. Another man who signed
was named Walker and another
Ryan. There was something said
also about walking delegates, and
they. I believe, are the ones who win
indulge In the 'usual means.' "
Miss Thropp insists that she Is not
afraid, that the suicide club is a
reality and not a myth and that she
will call Chief Lees' attention to the
threatening tone of the letter, which
she vows she did not write to her
self.
to Children, yesterday took to the Maria
Kip Orphanage the four children of
James Jellls. a carpenter, living at 137
Julian avenue. The mother and one little
girl died recently. According to the sto
ries told by the neighbors to Officer Me-
Murray, who made an Investigation.
their deaths were caused by Jellls'
abuse and failure to provide the neces
saries of life for them, although he la pros
perous enough to hire several men to
work for him In his shop.
NEW RAILROAD FOR CHINA.
The First American Line to Traverse
the Flowery Kingdom.
William Barclay Parsons, a civil en
gineer of national reputation, left here
yesterday for China for the purpose of
making a reconnolssance for a railroad
from Hankow, on the Yangtse-Kiang,
to Hongkong, a distance of about 650
miles. The concession that has been
granted by the Chinese Government to
an American syndicate covers the build
ing of the road between the points men
tioned, together with certain branches to
coal mines and neighboring districts.
The chief promoters of the enterprise
are Senator Calvin S. Brice. ex-Vice
President Morton, several representatives
of the Standard Oil Company, the Cen
tral Trust Company of New York and a
number of New York's largest private
banking houses. The Chinese Govern
ment is to repay the syndicate the cost
of the work, and a certain percentage on
that cost for profit. Then the syndicate
in to have charge of the operation of the
road for a period of forty-five years,
taking 20 per cent of the net profits, the
balance going to a Chinese company. At
the end of that period the Chinese com
pany will have complete possession of the
road.
This Is absolutely the first American
railroad enterprise In China, and if suc
cessful will undoubtedly pave the way for
many more. The total ♦ail road mileage
In China at the present lime will not ex
ceed 150 miles, and those lines are located
In the north near Peking.
HEARST ACCORDED
A LEGAL WELCOME
MET BY LAWYERS AND WAR
RANTS WITHOUT NUMBER.
His Return Will Materially Add to
the Court Calendars, Both
Civil and Criminal.
It is evident the stay In this city of
William R. Hearst, the proprietor of the
Snn Francisco Examiner, will not be a
pleasant one If his experience of yester
day ran be taken as any criterion. He re
ceived numerous calls from process serv
ers, who thrust complaints for damages
upon him, the aggregate of which. If col
lected, would soon bankrupt him.
The coming of Mr. Hearst was the op
portunity for numerous aggrieved per
sons to gain satisfaction, and yesterday
lawyers and stenographers were busily
engaged drawing up pleadings to bring
him Into court.
chief Loos was the first to pay th« re
turned newspaper proprietor a visit. He
held a warrant for the arrest of Mr.
Hearst on a charge of criminal libel,
sworn to by Claus Spreckels. Mr. Hearst
allowed himself to be served and hand
ed $500 cash bail to the Chief, who took
it to the City Prison, where the charge
was entered on the register.
Martin Kelly filed an affidavit with the
Grand Jury asking for the Indictment
of Mr. Hearst for perjury- The charge is
bused on a statement made by Mr,
Hearst in a deposition used In the trial
of the civil suit of Kelly against Hearst
for criminal libel. Mr. Hearst charged
Mr. Kelly with steeling a fire engine and
disposing of It In San Jose. In deliver
ing its opinion the court decided that the
charge was unfounded, and new Mr.
Kelly socks to have Mr. Hearst indicted.
Ex-Congressman Grove L. Johnson (A
Sacramento is on his way from Sacra
mento to serve papers on Mr. Hearst for
a million dollar libel suit, and A. L. Mc-
Donald has filed suit against the proprie
tor of the Examiner for $80,000 for in
fringing copyright of his map of the
Klondike regions.
Kx-Senator W. J. Dunne will this morn
ing see that Mr. Hearst Is served with
the complaint and summons in the $25,0(0
libel suit he filed some months ago. The
Examiner published a story charging the
ex-Senator with attending a brutal prize
fight at Redwood City on a Sunday. Mr.
Dunne happened to be in this city on
that day and be Immediately instituted
euit.
THE REGISTRAR
UNEARTHS A
GREAT FRAUD
United Labor Party
Petitions Bad.
ARE FILLED WITH FORGERIES
THE EVIDENCE PRESENTED TO
THE GRAND JURY.
Grace and Smiley, the Chairmen,
May Have Trouble Over Their
Efforts to Break Into
Politics.
Registrar Biggy rejected the petitions of
the two so-called "United I^abor parties"
with W. P. Grace and James Smiley as j
chairmen. In addition to rejecting the
petitions of those two parties, covering
nineteen candidates, Mr. Biggy presented |
the petitions and other evidence to the j
Grand Jury for the information of that I
body.
The reasons for such rejection are set
forth in a specific manner by Mr. Biggy
in his letters to Grace and Smiley, which j
were sent last night. The reason for pre- j
senting the petitions to the Grand Jury
is that on all the petitions were indisput
able evidences of fraud and forgery.
The following copy of the letter sent to
Grace shows what was found upon In
vestigating the petitions:
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 20. 1898.
W. P. Grace, Esq., United Labor Party— Dear
Sir: The nomination papers of the alleged
United Labor party presented by you for fil
ing with the names of certain candidates there
on and requested to be placed upon the official
ballot have been fully examined by me aa to
the form required by law and as to the genu
ineness of the signatures of the persons whose
names purport to be thereto subscribed, and I
find a* follows:
First— The United Labor party is not a party
within the meaning of Section 1186. Political
Code, and candidates nominated by electors are
not the nominees of a political party, but the
Individuals nominating them.
Second— fac« of the certificate shows
that "We represent the United Labor party."
The statutes governing nominations do not
permit the nomination of a person as the can
didate of a regularly existing political party
to be made by petition of unorganized elect
ors, and a candidate nominated by electors is
not nominated by a political party and has no
right to be placed upon U.« ballot as the can
didate of an organized existing party.
Third— Section 11SS provides the manner In
which candidates may be nominated otherwise
than by existing parties: each elector must
sign In person and add to the same his resi
dence, giving street and number. The law
further provides that "Any person signing to
sue* certificate of nomination any name but
hla own. or any person making false oath to
such certificate of nomination, shall be pun
ished by imprisonment in the State's Prison
not exceeding five years."
Fourth— FranK Buckley, by whom one of the
affidavits to the genuineness of signatures to
said certificate of nomination was made. Is not
one of the signers to said certificate, and Wal
ter Hlggins, who swore to the genuineness of
another paper, is not an elector of the city
and c-junty of San Francisco.
Fifth — an examination made of 1860 names
subscribed to the various nominating papers
22S are found to be forgeries, and only 467 are
registered and at the address set opposite their
names. More than 1000 are fictitious and appear
to be written by a few persons.
Sixth— The certificate of nomination is not
signed by electors equal In number to three
per cent of the entire vote cast In the city and
county of. Ban Francisco at the last general
election.
The- various nomination papers are fraudulent
upon their face and In violation of the statutes
enacted to promote the purity of elections.
I therefore decline tn file the certificate of
nomination presented by W. P. Grace of the
"United Labor Party. " Respectfully
W. 3. RIOGT. Registrar o{ Voters.
A similar letter was sent to Smiley, In
which was the following statement:
More than tOO names presented aa signers of
a former petition of nomination which was
rejected by m* are now attached to the second
certificate of nomination containing a different
set of nominees from the first; these alleged
electors Joined in nominating other candidates
than those now presented.
Fifth— Seventeen hundred and twenty-eight
names subscribed thereto have been examined
and 166 are forgeries. 336 are registered and at
the address set opposite their names. More
than 12(i0 names art> fictitious and are written
by a few arsons other than those they pur
port to b*.
The United Labor party represented by
Grace sent in petitions for trie following
nineteen candidates: J. H. Whitty, Frank
rtuckley. Thomas Wren. William Green,
E<l. J. Smith, D. E. Tobin. Ed. Whelan,
E Richards, John J. Lynch. Walter Hlg
gins W. P. Grace. Frank W. Neill. P. F.
Norton. G. F. Powelson, D. P. Duncan,
J. B Colbert, Peter Petersen and Charles
A. bracket.
The party represented by Smiley sent
petition* for C. W. Fnk»r. James Smiley,
J. W. Singleton, John Moore and William
liarner.
All other petitions have been found
proper, and dv this evening the candi
dates will all have their numbers on the
regular ticket.
The investigation of these T nlted Labor
tickets has been going on in the Regis
trar's office Plnco last Saturday night and
a remarkable state of affairs has been
unearthed. Out of a total of 3608 names
on all of the petitions it was found that
but 881 were genuine, there being 394 for
geries and 2059 names that are not on the
register. The balance of the names were
so Indefinite that It could not be decided
what they were. In order to thoroughly
sift these petitions it was necessary to
take every name and go to the certifi
cates of registration and compare the sig
natures of the signers with the genuine.
This work wns thoroughly done by the
Registrar's deputies, and the investiga
tion showed a most gigantic fraud.
The subject of personal petitions ha*)
been a troublesome one In the Registrar's
office for many years, and this is the first
time a systematic Investigation has been
made. T*he. result will be a revelation to
many candidates who have been In the
habit of donating money to the cause of
the alleged United Labor party for the
purpose of getting support there. The
petitions presented the appearance of
having been copies! to a large extent di
rectly from some list of names, and the
great majority of tho names were written
In the same handwriting.
PBOF. VAN DEH NAILLUN HOMTS.
He Made a Thorough Study of the
* Wireless Telegraphic System.
Professor A? Van der Naillen, Mrs. Van
der Naillen and their daughter Rena
have Just returned from a seven months'
tour through Europe. The professor has
visited the principal schools of mines and
universities *of France and Belgium,
and he states that our California institu
tions are equal and in many respects su
perior to them, especially by their prac
tical methods, if not in their extended
theories. The Electro-Technical Institute
Monteflore of Liege, Belgium, he finds a
school of superior merit. In It he stud
ied the new system of telegraphy without
wires, aiming at preventing collisions at
sea between vessels during dense fogs.
The professor states that accidents like
the one which sent the French liner La
Bourgoyne to the bottom can now b»
avoided, as wireless telegraphy can trans
mit signals at sea during the densest fog
or darkness at a distance of thirty miles,
and real telegraphic messages can be ex
changed at seven ml leu.
Plays and Concerts.
Mr. and Mrs. Max and Miss Julia Hein
rlch gave the second of their recitals last
night in the Sherman & Clay Hall. The
programme was one of refinement, and
the artists won the frequent applause of
a numerous audience. Another recital will
be given in the same hall on Saturday
afternoon.
Maurice de Vrles will glre a Bong re
cital to-night in the Sherman & Clay Hall.
The California Theater is to be re
opened Sunday night by William Calder'a
company In "The Span of Life," a sensa
tional melodrama that has been seen here
before.
*V ADVEBTISEME2TTS. A ___~
economy and prudence souvenir to we are leaders in linens and
meet at Hale every lady beddings for Thanksgiving.
visiting cloak dept. to-day.
■^ ' ■ - \
we pat a good wrapper on sale to=day at 69c.
end of the week means a little of this and a little of
that at money-saving prices: it's a sort of under-
stood thing for mothers to bring children here on Friday.
._i o rt f this is the last of a big I
Sale Ol lot we bought early j
nnnmalarl tnls season, and we ;
enameled have decided to carry I
_..** another make; some I
Ware of these goods are
■*-«. /lot, slightly chipped, most
tO-Ciay of it is perfect; broken
nrlres'for the whole lot means prac-
tical economy for you; all goods en-
ameled steel:
V) 5-at tipped preserving kettle 20c
24 6% at tipped preserving kettle.... 22c
12 l^t tipped preserving Settle 2oc
22 13 inch fry p&n...... g^
28 10 qt steel dish pan -: • ■
47 2 qt rice boiler «c
6 5 qt tea kettle *£
20 2 qt pudding pan IWC
flannelet » p.^T'^iS'
wrapper &. '» "- 69c
ting, ail sizes
In the velvet hats in black
In tlie and colors, trimmed in
mminery nmazon plumes, orna-
millinery SS". O . V. Ed« of hat
dept finished with jet.. $ 7
shortback sailors, trimmed In the
ass,:a IsK1 sKi u sssii«tS! $3.75
ssr.ibS!Hsi o&issa $3.50
Something dark a room, to show
r ladles just how our
neW silks look under the
Metric light or gas at night time. It s
a trouble saving room for silk buyers.
mall orders carefully filled.
"the goods we advertise are the goods we sell."
937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 94T Market St.
LOOKS BAD FOR THE
HARBOR HOSPITAL
SUBIOUS CHARGE OF ROBBERY
AGAINST ITS STAFF.
B. A. Lacazette Loses His Watch and
Chain There and Has Them Re
turned to Him by Mall.
For the paM week the police have been j
actively engaged unearthing a robbery
that occurred In the Harbor Receiving
Hospital last Sunday night. B. P. La
caxette, proprietor of a hotel on Jackson
street, became involved in a quarrel on
that evening and was severely beaten.
Officer McMahon sent him to the Harbor
Hospital in care of Officer Cavanaugh. I
On arriving there Lacazette was placed
on the operating table and attended by j
Dr. W. B. Deas and hla interne, G. "\V. !
Clarke. The injured man had jewelry on
his person, consisting of two diamond
rings a diamond collar button and a dia- :
mond pin. Shortly after the articles had
been taken from Lacaxette his wife ar
rived and ordered him sent to the i rencn
Hospital. Dr. Deas turtied over the jewels
to her and she demanded his gold watch
and chain. The doctor denied having
seen them, and Inquired among those
present whether Lacazette wore a chain ;
when he was brought in Officer Ca\an
augh remembered Beelnglt on him, as d d
also Mr. Clarke and Mrs. B. B. Reed,
th The m neTt n "day Mrs. Lacazette reported ,
the loss of the watch and chain to the .
police, and Officer McMahon was detailed
by Captain Bohen to look into the rob
bery. While he was working on the case
the thlef-if there was one— became fright
ened and mailed the missing jewelry to
the Injured man's hotel the same morning.
This created surprise, but the investiga
tion has not been discontinued. Dr. fc.. H.
I nil in charge of the Branch Hospital,
demanded statements from all who were
nresent when Lacazette was brought in,
wUh a vTew of laying the matter before
The Board of Health «"»d discovering the
guilty person and freeing th« hospital
staff of a serious charge. Try Pn ch
T^ifnrette is now lying at the fTencn
HofpUal with a fractured skull, from :
Shfch he may die. His assailant or as- ,
sallants have not been *Ppr eh « n u d <£ ™c
rtolice have arrested John Buhle ana
ftd*ed him In the "tanks." awaiting his I
breakdown^ owing to the sweating process. ;
Chief Le^s ?s aware of his Innocence but :
hoDes the imprisonment will ot>en Buhle s ,
nps and make him divulge the names of
the men who were engaged in the dispute
that^esulted in the Injuries to Lacazette.
WILLIE LYNCH'S ASSAIL.uJffT.
Preliminary Examination of Police
man Kenville Continued Before
Judge Mogan.
The preliminary examination of Po
licoman Kenvllle on the charge of as
sault to murder by throwing Ms club
and striking the boy Willie Lynch on
the head, was continued before Judge
j*c?hn lowers, ' Eddie Kenney. a boy.
and A. S. Hnrrrls testified that they saw
the club thrown and hit the boy and
Identified Kenvllle as the officer who
threw the club. Four other wltnessses
testified that thiry saw -the club thrown,
but could not Identify. Kenvllle.
The further hearing of the case will
take place to-morrow morning.
In the Divorce Courts.
Margaret M. Br.con hns boon granted
a divorce from William F. Bacon on the
ground of failure to provide. Mary J.
Maggie was granted a divorce from
Emanuel Maggif yesterday on the ground
of neglect. Decrees of divorce on the
ground of desertion have beon granu-'l
Henry Fraser from Maria Frapor. Emily
C. Curran from James Currran. and Llllie
Brennan from D. J. Brennan. < hanotte
Phillips alleges that her husband. Harry
Philips, deserted her over a year ago,
and 'she asks for a divorce on that
ground. Suits for divorce on the ground
of failure to provide have been filed by
I.ulu L. Cohen against Thomas F- C?"
hon, and Madge E. Montell against Joh;i
H. Montell. W. K. Jackson has sued
Emma Jackson for divorce, alleging
Infidelity.
Miss Louise Gorman's Demise.
Louise Gorman, daupht-r of Sergeant
Gorman, chief hack Inspector, died Wednes
day evening at her home, 130 Twelfth street.
The news of her taking off will be a
heavy blow to her many friends . es
teemed her and held her In high regard.
Miss Gorman was takwi 111 a short time
ago and her death was the result. She
was highly accomplished and her win
ning manners gained her a host of
friends.
Kid Lavigne Is Coming.
Billy Lavlgne, the brother of the cele
brated little pujdllst, "Kid" Lavlgne, ar
rived yesterday from the East, and stated
that the "Kid" Is In Bplend d condition
and will be here on Saturday to sign
with Thomas Tracey.
A New Superintendent.
Fritz Rosenbaum was appointed super
intendent of the German Hospital yester
day at a meeting of the directors. He
fills the vacancy caused by the recent
death of Superintendent Tohlmann.
rinmPQtip 54 damask table sets,
UUlllCotlO fringed colored bord-
offerings S^&h^S^fgo
attract Btze * LDU
«i"-f+/sM-H*vn 69 inch table damask,
aiLenLlOll extra wide, unbleached,
fine weave, a strong in-
ducement just before refurnish- AQn
ing for Thanksgiving tuv>
huckaback towels, bleached, 15x30
inches, fringed colored f\Xn pn
borders U * L ' t}< *
TO inch wide bleached table Ht\n vH
damask, heavy, all linen... '«'*-' JU
ai-size napkins to ; match CO 00
doZ fff£dt\J\J
tablecloths of damask, border QQo
all round, all linen, 8-4 size oOKj
another chance to stock up for
Thanksgiving festivities.
infante* 51 nri we " ke Friday to
lnianis <inu be children's day—
children's these are offeringg
Cniluren £> to make It so:
Silk bOnnetS colored bonnets of
bengaline silk, full
ruche in front, silk thread trimmed, in
blue, red and brown; while they Ok«
last oc
fine colored India silk bonnets, pleated
and silk braided, trimmed crown, full
strings, with rosette on top, In cr|
red, blue and brown..... " U C
torn these hats of bonnle
tctili Scotland — made in good
O'cViontOT* warm wool— full crown
bllclllLCl rosette in front, two
black feathers, colors green and black,
black and blue, red and black OC«
checks
Health Preservers
ALASKA SEAL
SHOES - $3.00
Don't neglect your feet, for
nine-tenths of the sickness
arises from their exposure.
Alaska Seal is a soft, pliable
stock, easy on the feet and
guaranteed for wear, and ab-
solutely waterproof. Just the
thing for winter wear.
Alaska Seal Shoes, Lace or Congress... $3 00
Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork 501e5.... 3 SO
Black Box Calf Shoes for > 00
Country Orders solicited.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue.
B. KATCHINSKI,
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 Third St., San Francisco.
•SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
_ ■ " " — i— We care weakness
j^^R^^SSiS^L^ and diseases of Men.
including Nervous
flfl^HP^^^^^^^^B Debility. Contagious
H~--J-- -" Blood Poison an 4
jjliSfjS 8* contracted ailments,
|g* j 4srf quickly and percaan-
Jjff lß3L'J».'firT*T enti >'- Largest prac-
?Zj§i ■W*^^J®^%\ tic- and b«st *gulp-
lim^" *fS£c^ \i i^^' T ed medical lnstltu-
■* »"^ T*~ * V3ti l!on on th * Pacifla
t£&i!i r^&sW^PjWsC, o{Rce cr b >" roall - All
Kbl V letters sacreJly con-
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St.. S. P.
T DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, lI VER. LBJ
MFRVITA wort* vitautt
IVtnVI I M lost vigor.
Jjt&JEh "— AND MANHOOD
e&GjrvjT*' 'X Cures Impoteccy Night Emissions and watting
b^2 (3 diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
wjj **\Jw indiscretion. A nerre'tonic and blood-builder,
• V ' *4&r Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re»
k K*^. 7 stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
M^^jjL box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtea
W^^guarantee to cure or refuni the money.
tkrvita !P.f(Jic»« Co., CMitto* » Jackson $ts., Chictg^
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye.. San Francisco.
The San Francisco Electrical Advertising Co.
Stereopticon advertising display corner
Fourth and Market sts. Office, 865 Market BU,
room 3. The cheapest and most reliable
method of advertising in the city. Best valu*
for y ur money. /
Wrliit's Mai Veptabls Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used then, for over forty years to cur*
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS; CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimple*
and purity the blood.
Grossman's SDSCiflc ffiixtare .
With this remedy persons ' can * cur* them-
selves without the least exposure, chance of
diet or change In application to business. Th»
medicine contains : nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask. your druecUt for U.
Price, $1 a bottle. :,.,'-