VOLUME LXXXV.-KO. 22.
DUNNING PLEADS THAT
HE SEEKS JUSTICE, NOT
REVENGE, UPON MRS. BOTKIN
Purged of Contempt toy
the Courtesy of the
Defense.
IT -was a day of varied interest at the
trial yesterday of Mrs. Cordelia Rotkin.
The prosecution closed its case and the
defense announced that it will be ready
to procec-d this morning with the intro
duction of testimony, the right to make
an opening argument to the jury being
■waived. John P. Dunning was again
made yesterday the central figure of
interest. He was brought into
court in the custody of the Sheriff,
after a night in the County Jail. He was
placed on the witness stand, and George
Knight, to the surprise of those interested
in the trial of the case, withdrew his de
mand for the names of ihe women with
whom Dunning claimed to have been in
timate.
The cross-examination of Dunning then
proceeded to the close, and something of
Knight's purpose in releasing Dunning
was seen in the result. It is seldom that
a man is forced to make a public confes
sion of personal dishonor and shame such
as John P. Dunning made yesterday of
himprlf in the presence of h':n<lr>-'i]s of
listening men and women. lie admitted
that he had lived upon the bounty of his
mistress, accepting her money, sharing
her food and her home, existing upon her
resources and thriving upon her means.
He declared that she had shown him
more than charity— that she had cared for
him, counseled with him for reformation
and divided with him the food that she
d for herself. "When distress came
to her she still clung to the man with
whom she was fascinated and gave to
him what she should have retained for
herself.
More than this, the witness declared
Mrs. Botkin had never, not even by in
sinuation, suggested to him to seek a di
from his wifp. This jealous, un
moral mistress knew that her lover never
Intended to return to her, but as far as he
knew she felt no resentment at the ties
that kept him away from her and led
him to other fields and another home.
testimony, under cross-examination.
startled the courtroom. Dunning appeared
more a.« a witness for the defense than
ie prosecution. He presented an ab
ject figure, hut his humiliation seemed to
. more keenly by his hearers than by
himself.
There was an air of conscious boast
fulness in his manner when he declared
that he had been intimate with three
women whose names he would not give.
The defense has already shown that it
3 to make much of this secrecy and
to insinuate that perhaps one "f these
women may have committed the crime
of which Mrs. Botkin Is accused. The
defenders of Mrs. Botkin are grasping at
straws, and even the suggestion of
■ secrecy or mystery is in their
hands a weapon as strong as an estab
lished fact.
During the afternoon Attorney Mc-
Gowan made a spectacle of himself.
Knight was ill, and MeGowan undertook
the task of cross-examination. He suc
ceeded in disgusting the court and in
elevating Dunning to a plane of compara
tive decency. MeGowan carried his ques
tions in relation to the intimacy between
Mrs. Botkin and Dunning to the point of
indecency, and Judge Cook angrily de
clared that he would sustain any objec
tion made to fhat sort of an Inquiry. A -
sistant District Attorney Hosmer
shrugged his shoulders and replied that
he had no wish to interrupt the plan of
the defense as interpreted by Mr. Mc-
Gowan.
It was then that Mrs. Botkin's lawyer
elicited from Dunning the most damaging
testimony he had given against the ac
cused woman. McGowan demanded to
know and was informed why Dunning is
hostile to Mrs. Botkin. Dunning replied
that he came here with no thought of
vengeance on the woman. He came with
no hatred toward her. but with a sense
of duty he owed to his dead and a
purpose to compensate, as far as he may.
for the offenses in the past. He was con
vinced that Mrs. Botkin was concerned
in the death of his wife, and he begged
McGowan to believe that it was duty, not
l a ; ure that impelled him to become the
accuser of Mrs. Botkin. McGowan was
Sot even satisfied with the effect of his
Botkin. ana c witness reached
D n ov°e n r c h h e was'convinced that Mrs. Botkin
L with his mi«tress to deceive his wife,
i^urnV/to whi™ he was letter after
and tha *";' y k no sent letter after
letter to Mrs? Botkin. This phase of the
Nomination developed a pathetically
dramaUc recital. Dunning-- letter., writ
s£:si sex. %££>
to great events of which Dunning as
a n e,- rrespondent had been an
observer and sometimes a participant
Occasionally the writer would express
some term of endearment, but not by any
means an extravagant one. He wished
his mistress well, and told her in passing
what was happening at the seat of war.
On August 13 Dunning wrote his last
letter to his paramour. He was at the
city of Ponce, in Porto Rico, and drove
three miles in a carriage to the seaside
postofflce to mail his epistle of affection.
Having mailed his letter he returned to
Ponce and went without delay to the
cable ofllce. He there found waiting for
him a cablegram telling him that his
wife had been poisoned and was dead. His
offense to his home and his family had
borne its fruit.
Dunning was then released from the
witness stand. Judge Cook then set aside
his own order confining Dunning to the
County Jail. In committing the witness
to the custody of the Sheriff Judge Cook
declared that he had simply done his
duty. A question had been asked by the
defense and the questioner was entitled
under the law to an answer. With the
withdrawal of the question there was no
further reason for punishment. The ques
tion had been of such a character, the
Judge continued, that he did not feel that
he should inflict a fine as well as impris
onment. He therefore ordered Dunning
released from custody.
The prosecution had very little more to
The San Francisco Call
; offer. Before Dunning went on the stand
! Carl Eisenschimmel held the attention
of the court and jury. As an expert on
handwriting Eisenschimmel went over the
; old familiar ground of dots and dashes,
hooks and curves and all the dreary tech
; nical detail of the critical analysis of
; handwriting. From every consideration
1 EisenFchlmmel declared his positive be
lief that Mrs. Botkin wrote the anony
mous letters, the note in the box of can
dy and the address on the package of
poisoned sweets.
Attorney Knight offered the expert a
specimen of handwriting and asked if it
were in the handwriting of Mrs. Dunning.
Eisenschimmel was not to be trapped and
demanded time out of court in which to
make a thorough investigation. It is an
old trick of the experts to deceive experts
with clever forgeries, but Eisenschimmel
is familiar with the game.
He had not been so careful, however,
the day before, when he quietly slipped
into the gallery of the courtroom and lis-
I to the testimony of Expert Ames.
Eisenschimmel vehemently protested that
he had no ulterior purpose, but the fact
remained that he had gone to the court
room, and the defense was glad that the
fact had been discovered. Theodore Kytka
was the last handwriting expert placed on
the witness stand by the prosecution.
Kytka had made a series of photographs
: of the exhibits in the case and had made
; the customary critical analysis. He also
was positive that Mrs. Botkin wrote all
I the letters and the addresses. After a
cross-examination that was of no conse- I
quence Kytka was relieved. The prosecu- j
tion placed Chief Lees and Harry Pen- !
nington on the stand to close small gaps
in the chain of evidence and then the As- I
slstant District Attorney announced that '
the case for the people was closed. As '
Attorney Knight was not present the de- j
tense couia not proceed. MeGowan an
nounced that the defense will be ready !
this morning and an adjournment was '
taken until then.
Upon the opening of court Mr. Hosmer
the prosecuting officer, asked for the dis
missal of the case against J. G. Edwards
charged by Andrew J. Clunie wltn libel'
Mr. Edwards printed the alleged libelous
articles in his Insurance paper Judge
Cook dismissed the charge at the request
of Mr. Clunie, the complainant.
John P. Dunning was in the courtroom,
but not being called retired to the Judge's
chambers. He remained within call
Carl Eisensehimmel, the writing expert
resumed his exposition of the peculiarities
of Mrs. Botkin's handwriting. He first
took up the quotation marks in the
••l.ahy" note and dissected them, finally
reaching the conclusion that they bore all
the characteristics of Mrs. Botkin's hand
writing. In the letter "C" he found a
certain angularity which is in all Mrs. '
Botkin's writinp. In one specimen of i
Mrs. Botkin's known handwriting, that of i
her Healdsburg address, given Mrs. Price, j
there were four "cs" and all had this' j
characteristic angularity. The anony
mous letters, he said, were falrl bris- ■
tling with evidences of Mrs. Botkin's
handwriting with but feeble attempt at
disguise.
Tin "se" in "please" was written by
her, being identical with standards of her
writing. These two letters were invarla- !
bly written off the line, and much higher
than any others. This is apparent in her
known writing, according to the expert.
There is a decided difference of slant be- |
tween the "p" and "1" that Is noticeable
throughout her writing, the "p" being al
most vertical and the "1" slanting.
"I call your attention to the word
"Madam," " said tho expert. "Compare
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
! the 'd' in that word to the one in
'madam' in this other letter. Note the
similarity of the *d' in those cases. That
'd' is produced in a peculiar manner, such
as I have never seen before."
To the jurors, producing a microscope:
; "I will give a brief description of this in
strument."
Knight— You needn't; we don't want it.
The expert ran counter to Knigwt short
ly after when he told the jurors it was
not necessary to use the glass to note
what he desired to show them.
Knight— Who do you mean does not finl
it necessary?
The expert— l do not.
Knight — You are not in this testimony.
The expert then drew attention to tne
1 letter "c" made by Mrs. Botkin. He spoke
of its abnormal size, being double the
height of any other space letter. To Ju
ror J. F. Myers he said it was impossible
to judge of handwriting by form alone,
and that the peculiarities ran through
both capitals and small letters.
In conclusion, the export said he thought
' he had established to the jury his belief
that all the handwriting in evidence had
; been written by the same person.
In the course of a harsh cross-examina
tion Knight elicited the information that
[ Eisenschimmel occupied a place In the
\ gallery of the courtroom while his col
. league, Expert Ames, was on the witness
stand. The expert said that what he
meant by the "pen habit" and "writing
habit" was the habitual manner in which
writing was produced. He explained that
paying tellers of banks were experts in a
| certain way. They look at a check and
i get an impression by which they are able
| to judge as to genuineness, but cannot
! explain how they reach that conclusion.
"Mrs. Botkin has positive peculiarities
i or characteristics," said the expert.
Q.— Well, what do you find? A.— She
' writes the angular or so-called English
1 hand.
Q.— What kind of arm movement? A.—
Partly finger, partly forearm— a combined
i movement.
Q,— Find any characteristics of Mrs.
; Botkin's handwriting? A.— Yes, many of
I them.
Q. — Give one. A. — In the word "place"
1 the letter "p" has one slant and the "1"
; another.
Q.— That is a Botkin characteristic?
' A.— Not in every case. There Is no rule.
Q.— ls this the first time in your life
'■ you ever saw a "p" and an "1" that
looked anything like those? A.— Yes.
The witness said that the "baby" note
was In Mrs. Botkin's handwriting, the
i only attempt at disguise being in the
: slant of the letters. He was handed a
I piece of paper by Mr. Knigrrt, but de
l clined to touch it or pass upon it, saying
! it was not an exhibit in the case. Knight's
1 efforts to force the witness to express an
i opinion offhand as to the writing brought
i Hosmer to the rescue and developed some
! more of the schoolgirl repartee which has
| enlivened the proceedings from time to
[ time.
"Don't interrupt me when I am talk
ing," said Hosmer. "Some one else has a
right to be heard here besides you."
"Well, you've been talking for two
days," was the rejoinder.
When the expert retired finally Judge
Cook said: "Call John P. Dunning." To
the latter he said: "Mr. Dunning, it Is
the desire of the court that you should
have an opportunity, at least every
twenty-four hours, of reconsidering your
determination not to answer the question
put to you by Mr. Knight on Monday."
Turning to Mr. Knight he said: "Mr.
Knight, do you insist upon the question?"
After a ghort conference with his asso
ciates Mr. Knipht said: "May It please
the court, I will withdraw the request for
the names of the ladies."
The Court— Proceed with the cross
examination.
Knight— Mr. Dunning, you say there are
six women with whom you were on inti
mate terms whose names you do not re
member. How many are there whose
names you remember, but do not wish
to give? A.— Three.
Q.— Do you know Mrs. Corboley, and
did you have any business relations with
her? A.— She loaned money to myself
and Mrs. Dunning. It was $800 in all.
The witness said he wrote to Mrs. Bot
kin while on the train between here and
DUNNINQ DECLARED THAT HE SOUGHT NOT VENGEANCE BDT JUSTICE.
John P. Dunning is again at liberty. The legal defenders of Mrs. Botkin withdrew their question in
reference to the man's gay companions, and he was released from the County Jail. Under cross-examination
yesterday he declared dramatically that he sought to satisfy no vengeance on Mrs. Botkin, but was a witness
simply from a sense of duty and with a purpose to compensate as far as he may for his past life. He was con
vinced, he said, that Mrs. Botkin was concerned in the death of his wife, and inspired by that conviction be
came a witness.
New York. He wrote again between that
point and Tampa, Fla. In answer to fur
ther questions he said he did not remem
ber ever having suggested to Mrs. Bot
kln that she ko to New York and live.
He did not remember ever telling her that
he would like to have her there.
He telegraphed his wife before he left
here, and again had a friend apprise her
of his coming when he reached Chicago.
Q.— Why did you write to Mrs. Bot
kin? A.— l told her I would, and knew
she expected to hear from me
Q._When you left Mrs. Botkin at
Oakland there was no rupture between
you? There was no good-by forever, this
is all off, or anything of that kind, was
there? A.— No: there was no rupture.
I understood in my own mind that I was
not coming back to San Francisco, but
I did not tell Mrs. Botkin so.
Dunning again told in outline of the
contents of the anonymous letters; about
him drinking himself to death; of the life
he had led in this city, and of his finan
cial difficulties not due no'eiy to his losses
upon the race track. His wife sent him
a copy instead of the original, but why
he did not know. He did not get the orig
inal and send It to Mrs. Bntkin. He had
never asked for the original, although he
was interested in knowing who wrote it.
He' did not know why he had not asked
for It.
Q.— Did Mrs. Potkin ever express a de
sire to injure your wife or suggest that
you secure a divorce? A.— She never ex
pressed such a desire nor made such a
suggestion.
y— Did not she divide her last morsel
of broad with you when you were at 927
Geary street? A.— She did.
Q.— Didn't she nearly starve with you
when you had hardly a boiled rag be
tween you? A.— Yes, sir.
Q.— She gave you money to assist you
which she received from her husband?
A.— She gave me money; I don't know
whore she got it.
Q.— She sent you money to Salt Lake to
bring you home, where you could get an
other position? A.— She did.
Q.— When you left here you wrote three
or four letters to her and sent one tele
gram to your wife? A.— Yes. sir.
On redirect examination Mr. Hosmer
drew from him the information that he
had spent considerable money on Mrs.
Botkin's pleasures. He also testified
that he knew of only two anonymous let
ters until after his wife's death. Witness
said he never told Mrs. Botkln to come
to New York. Upon his return from the
war he purposed having his family join
him. and they were to make their home
in Now York. The witness said he had
no letters written him by Mrs. Botkin; he
had destroyed them all. He had received
no letter from her since the death of his
wife. He had received answers to all hia
except the last one he sent.
Defenders of the Accused
to Open Their Case
This Morning.
Message of Death That Followed
Close Upon a 7Wissi\/e
of Love.
The hour for adjournment having ar
rived Judge Cook addressed Dunning and
said that although he had been guilty of
contempt of court in refusing to answer
a question when directed to do so by the
court, yet his Honor did not think it was
a case where further punishment should
be inflicted, especially when Mr. Knight
had voluntarily withdrawn his question.
Dunning was, therefore, purged of his
contempt and set at liberty.
Dunning was the first witness of the
afternoon. In answer to Mr. Hosmer he
said Mrs. Corboley was an intimate friend
of his family. They were born near one
another in the South on the border line
between Maryland and Delaware. Their
families had known one another for years.
She was much older than he and was an
Intimate friend of his wife. He said none
of the exhibits of writing In evidence re
sembled hers.
In the absence of Attorney Knight Sen
ator Frank McGowan took the witness
through a severe cross - examination.
Dunning said that Mrs. Botkin knew Mrs.
Corboley as a friend of Mrs. Dunning.
He had told her so when telling her of
the financial transaction between them.
He had never had any intimacy or rela
tion whatever with Mrs. Corboley except
this.
Regarding Mrs. Calimbertie he said he
had but a slight acquaintance with her.
The writing was not hers. Asked
as to why he mentioned her name
to his wife he said it was because he
wanted to give a plausible excuse. He
first thought of Mrs. Seeley, but to men
tion her name would be to entangle him
self in a maze from which he might find
it hard to extricate himself.
McGowan asked If he had sustained
any intimacy with Mrs. Calimbertie and
Punning said he had not.
McGowan— lf you had would you tell?
Witness— l would decline to answer.
He said he had deceived his wife and
had written her falsehoods, as he had to
get out of the trouble brought on by the
anonymous letters. Asked as to why he
had not told her some one else he replied
he had thought of no one else at the time.
He knew it was false and knew it was ar
injustice to this woman to point the finger
of suspicion at her, but at the moment
he thought it would never come out.
Q.— Did you suspect Mrs. Seeley? A.— l
thought she had ill feeling aginst me.
Q._For what reason? A.— About four
months before Mrs. Botkin wrote her an
insulting letter. She knew of the intimate
relations existing between Mrs. Botkin
and myself, and I thought she might have
suspected me of instigating it.
Q. — Did you know Mrs. Seeley was an
enemy?. A.— l had no other reason for
thinking she was.
Q.— Why did you not mention Mrs. See
ley's name to your wife? A.— Because it
woul* expose the relations existing be
tween Mrs. Botkin, Mrs. Seeley and my
self.
Q.— You wanted to shield yourself? A.—
I certainly did; that was the main reason
I put the blame on Mrs. Calimbertie. I
had to give some name that would ap
pear plausible to my wife.
Q.— You knew of the trouble between
Mrs. Botkin and Mrs. Beeley? A.— l did.
Q.— Was it directed against you? A.—
No; it was on- account of contemplated
divorce proceedings between Mr. Botkin
and wife.
Q.— You speak of close intimacy. What
do you mean by that expression? A.— l
told you at length of the life led by my
self and Mrs. Botkin. I tried to avoid
speaking too plainly.
Q.— Well, what was Its nature? A.— lt
was improper. Do you want further an
swer?
Q.— l want an answer. A.— My rela
tions with Mrs. Botkin were such as a
married man has no right to have with a
married woman or any other woman. (A
long pause.) I have been with her and
have remained over night In her apart
ments.
The court here interposed an objection
in the name of decency and the question
ing on that line ceased.
The witness was asked as to a feeling
of hostility he bore toward Mrs. Botkin.
He said he had such a feeling, but it was
not one looking toward vengeance. He
came here as a witness to "condone" for
the faults of his past life of excess.
Q.— When did this feeling of hostility
FIRST CALIFORNIA
TO COME HOME
FROM MANILA
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— When the announcement was made at
the War Department to-day that 50,000 volunteers would be imme
diately mustered out The Call correspondent inquired particularly
about the First California Regiment, now at Manila.
"It will be included in this order." said General Corbin.
Formal orders were issued for the Fourth Infantry. Twelfth In
fantry and Seventeenth Infantry (all regulars) to leave on the trans
ports Mobile and Berlin from New York January 15 for Manila via
the Suez canal. The two other regiments to be sent there will prob
ably go via San Francisco.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
develop? A.— 'When T heard of an Im
portant happening several months ago.
It came within one hour after I reached
Dover and learned of the circumstances
surrounding the death, of my wife and my
sister-in-law. Their death by poisoned
candy directed my suspicions toward Mrs.
Botkin. Up to that moment I had no
suspicions against Mrs. Botkin. The first
telegram only told me of her death by
supposed confectionery poisoning. I had
no suspicions against any one else, al
though I told the officers of the law that
Mrs. Ruoff and the druggist who sold the
arsenic might be useful witnesses. I re
ferred to Mrs. Ruoff as a witness and not
as a principal. I knew of her confiden
tial relations with Mrs. Botkin.
Q.— Explain your hostility toward Mrs.
Botkin. A.— lt arises because of the death
of my wife.
Q.— What was the first thing to cause
you to think of Mrs. Botkin in connection
with the poisoning of your wife? A. — Be
cause of the relations that had existed
previously between us and o* the feeling
she had for me, or that I thought she
had for me. In mf own heart I did not
think any one else would do it.
The witness learned of his wife's death
at 6p. m. August 13. An hour before that
time he drove to Ponce, Porto Rico, and
mailed a letter to Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
in this city. This was the last communi
cation of any character Dunning has had
since* that moment with the woman now
on trial for her life. The letter reads:
PONCE, Porto Rico, August 13. 1898.
Dear Ada: I have been here about dead
to the world for two or three weeks, with
out any means of getter any mall and .
" very- little chance of getting any away.
Just before I left Kingston I wrote you
ask ins: you to address me at St. Thomas,
but have never been there yet. having coma
here direct, and I have received no mall.
We got the news to-day that peace had
been declared, and I suppose I will be go
ing to New York soon, but I know nothing
particular about it. I will have to send
you an address when I get to New York,
and you had better not send any more mail
to St. Thomas, as I will probably not go
there now. This is the must beautiful
island I have ever seen, and I have been
almost constantly in the saddle since I
have been here, wearing holes in my
anatomy. I am really sorry the war Is
over, for I have certainly enjoyed It and
I am in considerable uncertainty about the
kind of work I will do when I get to New
York. I am perfectly well, but It is hot
ter than blue blazes here. I hope every
thing has continued to be well with you
With my love, j *
Theodore Kytka.'pen artist and photo
grapher, succeeded Dunning in the wit
ness chair. He was shown the various
examples of handwriting, and without go
ing into the customary painful expla
nations, testified that they were in Mrs
Botkin handwriting. He was taken
through a profitless cross-examination by
Attorney C. M. Wheeler of Humboldt
who gave a clever imitation of George
Knight in one particular. He could lean
as gracefully on the rail of the witness
stand as Mrs. Botkin's leading attorney
The resemblance ceased there. He drew
from the witness the statement that the
wrapper from the candy box had been
ironed out. He had forgotten that Chief
Lees had testified to this early in tna
trial. He then tried to prove by the wit
ness that the passaage of the iron over
the paper had changed its appearance en
tirely. The most the witness would ac
knowledge was that the ironing had not
removed the original creases but had
merely leveled them.
Mr. Hosmer then placed Chief Lees on
the stand to explain how he had done the
terrible washing and ironing to which the
bit of paper had been subjected. "Mr."
Lees, as Senator McGowan persisted in
calling him, told how he had handled tha
wrapper. The venerable Police Chief, who
looks more and more like a real flesh and
blood Santa Claus, was cross-examined
to no purpose.
"If your Honor please," said Mr. Hos
mer, "the prosecution rests its case."
Judge Cook— Let the defense proceed.
Mr. McGowan then addressed the court,
saying the defense did not expect the
prosecution to conclude at so early an
hour and was not prepared to place its
■witnesses on the stand at that time Ha
asked that the case go over until th's
morning. He said the defense would waive
its right to an opening statement, but re
served the right to call Mrs. Harris for
further cross-examination.
Judpre Cook agreed to the continuance
saying the trial was making most satis
factory progress— that sixty-eight wit
nesses had been examined in seven days.
The defense will commence its presenta
tion of Mrs. Botkins case at 10 o'clock2
HELPED APPOINT
BUT NOW WOULD
SHIRKALL BLAME
Colnon Goes Back on
His Record.
HARBOR POLICE NOT NEEDED
FERRY BUILDING PLANS RE
VISED AT GREAT COST.
Chadbounne Testifies That Changes
Were Made to Suit the Souther^
Pacific Without Consult
in cr Others.
Whatever the end of th« Senate com
mitte • gation among the inner
a .•:' the union ferry building; what
me of the official March
Into i ■ ' revised the originai
plan.- "f that structure at an ad I i i >si
of $!»'.ihkV whatever tt^e result of the
bursting ■ ; ■ secret chamber, as
it were, ©f the State's big water front
structure, a; - !>■"■!. may happen in the
'<£ the five Harbor Commission po
■ n.
The "House of Revision," named from
its varied changes, which represents
v and standing upon a foundation
worth J344.J44, may be a monument to the
memory oi mt and four patrol
men whose i •:. lal • rist< nc was a mys
■
These five officers In blue and brass '
have n ai Intervals wandering I
through the lonelj ■ I daylight ;
along the wharves. Nobody ever saw
them do anything bad or very good. They
had no occasion to make any arrests, as
■ writ on hand and
permitted to exercise the happy preroga
■ p rvers. But they drew
—the sergeant l-b and the four privates
ier month. The status of these
sterday touched upon In
the examination of ex-Harbor Commis
r Chadbourne before the Senate .■om
mlttee.
era] Dickinson— What arc the duties
era 1 polic in' n?
Mr. Chadbourne— Oh, they watch B
propert) .
Dickinson— Do tiny ever make any ar-
Chadbourne— No. Their duty is to
straighten out things on the wharves, get
the draymen in line and such, and watch
public property. i.\lr. '"hadbourne was not ;
asked what the public property en the!
wharves consisted of, hut if he had his
answ< r could on.v have been the wbarvea
• yes. •
Dickinson— Why can't the city police
patrol th" wharves?
< hadbburne— Oh, they can't cross ;
■ ; that is the domain ..f the Si
Dickinson- Why, l oft n .- ■ city i
niLii ci'.kvs tii. Bacred territory of the
.uid even have the temerity to en
ter the ferry building.
Chadbourne— Bui city police can't have
luthority on the wharves.
Dickinson Do not the shipping compa
occupying the wharves have their
own watchmen there .
'■ •. ;-.
Dickinson— What is the difference be
a pay roll ■•watchman" and a pay
roll "policeman"?
Chadbourne— The watchman walks
around on the dredgers ami tugs at night,
and the policeman wears a uniform and
protects public property.
Dickinson— How many additional watch
men, policemen or whatever they are.
were employed In the ferry building dur
ing its construction, and what was their
pay?
tdbourne— l think there were four
and their pay v. ,; ay _
. H " that the duties of these
** ni ' stand around the gates
or the Inclosures surrounding- the struc
ture and occasionally wandef through it
rnmisaioner Colnon; while on the
stand yesterday, repeated his declaration
that^the policemen were not needed and
ex-< ommissionr-r Dan Cole reluctantly
a omit tea that he always had object.
too many employes, especially policemen
Bo it dues seem that an epoch is sneaking
those wharves, and five harbor
policemen will fcx its object
At the morning session Mr. Colnon testi
fied regarding the revisions of the original
plans. Among those who asked for
cnangi the Southern Pacific Rail
road people, and the changes were made
to suit them. Without considering the cost
Ihe matter of cost never entered int I
question.
Among the employes that could be dis
■: with were the superintendent and
assistant superintendent of repairs He
accounted for the gradual increase of the
payroll figures lrnm the fact that the un
finished state o f the great building m
Bitated more employes. There was a con
structor of the building, who received $200
pgr month. There waa an Inspector of
floors, also a roof inspector, who got $1
per day each.
Dickinson— Suppose that $1000 per month
would coves all these expenses, how do
you account for the great excess.
Colnon— Had more men In the 'different
aepartment&T-niore sweepers, more labor
ere everywhere.
Ex-Commissioner Chadboinrne stated
that they started in on trrr- genera! plans
and revised thtm whenever an oppor
tunity wouHTojficur. They counseled with
itute tenants and made the changes
wher. wanted.
!• Kir.soii— Did not all" these changes
cost the State almost $10B,tMD?
.•C'hadhourne— Well; 1 don't know that
tb<-y cost anything like that figure
Dickinson— What is your opinion of the
purchasing agency of the commission?
Chadbourne— lt is an excellent idea. It !
checked careless buying on the part Gf
the departments.
Dickinson— Are you aware of its addi
tional < xpense?
Chadbourne- Yes; but. General, this is'
the idea. When a foreman wanted a tool
or a few nails he had to leave his gang
go up town- and buy. The purchasing de
partment prevented waste of material
and—
Dickinson— But it cost you $9000 to run
a purchasing department while it was
doing just $22,000 worth of purchasing
How about that?
Chadbourne— Well, there was Home ex
pense in the matter.
Mr. Chadbourne said that he did not
, Forget-me-not
Wreath with Violet Border on
ftarled Edge.
Bread and Dessert Plates,
Cream Sets, Chop Dishes.
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Great Americanlmport'gTea Co.
661 Market. 07; P»w«ll 705 Larkin St. •
140 Sixth St, 1419 Polk St.
218 Third -t. 1819 Devisadero St.
$06Kearny9t. 2008 Flllmore St.
146 Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1 190 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
865 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
'i- OAKLAND STORES:
1053Wasbtn3tonSt. 131 San Pablo Ay«.
\tl 7 Broadway. $16 E. Twelfth St.
<^ 1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-rl9s£ Park St. •;"
** SAN. RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
We also sell
C"INA, Crockery. Glassware:
Cheapest Price? in America
v Wiit« tot OftWltgtM.
think any private party could put up the
building cheaper. When told that the
Commission had arbitrary powers and
could move as a private individual, he
stated that there was always a waste in
1 State work; for instance, eight hours in
stead of ten for a day's labor. He also
1 said that be would rather have the build
ing as it is, with all the newspaper criti
cisms, than have the criticisms of the
public had the original plans been carried
out.
F. T Huddart, salesman with Dunham,
Carrigan & Hayden, hardware importers,
who furnished Contractor Cronan rooting
for the ferry building, testified that the
corrugated roof iron was in good condi
tion, but some of the flat iron had been
damaged en route from the East Cro
nan took some of the damaged iron to his
place to dispose of. He die! not know if
any of it found its way in to the ferry
building. Any change from one kind of
iron to another might make a great dlf
e in price.
Ex-Commissioner Cole stated that while
the board was considering if the estimate
Of $600,000 would build the depot the mem
bers fell that it would not be enough.
lie was asked what first caused the
! changing of the plans, and answered that
he did nut think they were changed in ins
I time. The minutes of the meeting in
| whk-h the plans were changed showed the
! attendance of a full board. He did not re
member that any estimate as to cost
was made in considering the changes.
1 ijekinson— When did the board arrive
at the conchision that it could exceed
; the original sum, $600,000?
Cole— l never arrived at that eonclu
i slop.
Dickinson— Did the board ever discuss
the propriety of drawing money from tne
harbor improvement fund, or was it a
matter too delicate to discuss with a
i neighbor?
A committee from the Merchants ami
: Manufacturers' City Front Improvement
Club, consisting of P. F. Dundon, William
GeiselinflJi, O. D. Baldwin and James
penman, appeared before the investigat-
Ing committee. They stated that they
had been 'organized' for a year with the
object of advocating the .southern exten
sion ci' the seawall and the changing of
the grade of tfcar part tit the city. There
was much property in that locality that
could not iie Improved until the State
completed its work.
THE GOOD NAME OF
THE STATE IN DANGER
COMMERCIAL BODIES RALLY
FOR PURE PRODUCTS.
Will Demand More Stringent Laws
and Vigilant Officers of the
Legislature.
The recent action of Germany in legis
lating against California fruits and in
condemning and destroying a large con-
Bignment of pears shipped from this city
by a local commission house because of
the allege, l discovery of infection on the
fruit, followed by the condemnation and
destruction of a lot of Northern California
wines in Mexico, has aroused the commer
cial bodies of this city to the necessity
of taking some action to maintain the
reputation that California has had here
tofore for her many products.
To reach some conclusion as to what
should be done a meeting was held on
sday at which representatives of all
the exporting houses in the city were
■it. It was decided to ask the 1.
lature to enact new laws and to amend
those in existence so that no impure foods
and produi ts, imperfect fruits or "doc
tored" wines or liquors could be sent out
of the State.
The exporters were so much in earnest
that they declared that if the law-makers
would not take hold of the matter in the
proper spirit the commission houses
would organize, send an inspector into
tlie country to ascertain the condition of
every orchard and pass upon the condi
tion of every product offered for export.
Any orchardlst found with uni-lean trees
would be boycotted until he put his or
chard in perfect condition.
The same subject was also considered
by the Board of Regents of the State Uni
versity at its meeting Tuesday and like
conclusions were reached. Yesterday the
Council of Associated Industries met in
the Mills building and representatives
were present from the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Assuciatlon, Chamber of Com
merce, State Hoard of Trade, Mechanics'
Institute, the Hoard of Kegents and of
the exporters mentioned. The matter was
consldi red at length and considerable at
tention was paid to the bill prepared by
the pure foods committee of the Manu
facturers' and Product rs' Association that
is to be presented to the next Legislature.
This measure provides for a pure foods
bureau or commission. It is believed that
with some little modification it will meet
with all the requirements of the export
ers and those interested in the move
ment. Another meeting will be held next
Thursday to perfect the proposed bill, so
as to have it ready for introduction on
the convening of the next Legislature.
SOLDIERS' GIFTS DUTIABLE.
Christmas Presents From Manila De-
tamed at the Custom Hou3e.
One hundred bags of Christmas pres-
Crom the soldier boys at Manila were
• ■'1 at the San Francisco Postoffice
ie Government transport Scandia.
Thi contents were silk bandkershiefa and
Manila cigars chiefly, and the bags were
therefore Bent over to the Custom
house where they will remain until the
duty shall have been paid.
It seems strange as well as unjust that
the brave men who have faced battle and
disease for the sake of this country
should be required to pay to the Gov
ernment duty for their little pledges of
friendship »h<l affection sent to the lov
ing ami the loved ones at home, tvut the
customs officials are powerless in the mat
ter; They must collect the duty and leave
to Congress the task of providing for a re
bate.
Presents sent to Porto Rico, Cuba, tiie
[Philippines and Hawaii to soldiers sta-
Uoned at those places have been made
duty free by President McKmley, but he
has no power to issue a similar order in
th<- matter of.dutiable goods shipped into
the United States from those places.
JUNK SHOP IS CONDEMNED.
Board of Health Seeks to Abate a
Nuisance.
M. D. Levinson, a junk dealer, who has
hip place of business on Brannan street,
between Seventh and Eighth, will appear
before Police Judge Mogan this morning
to answer a charge of maintaining a pub
lic nuisance and to a half dozen other
charges preferred by the Board of Health.
Levinson has been a source of trouble
to the Health Board for some weeks past.
Back of his Brannan-street rookery he
has a full acre of ground covered two feet
deep with muck and rubbish of every
smelling description that his six wagons
have brought in from all sections of the
city. The place has never been cleaned
since ho first began business, and the
early rains have caused a fermentation
that is neither pleasant nor healthy.
The attention of the board was first
called to the nuisance by people living in
the neighborhood, and since that time
Levinson has been time and again or
dered to clean up. He has failed to do so,
and proceedings have been begun against
him with the intention of compelling him
to move his pesthole outside the city
limits.
The bargains in children's books and
games are features to please both old and
young at our store. Sanborn, Vail & 10.,
741 Market street. •
WATER FRONT BOUGHT
BY THE SANTA FE
THERE will be placed on record to-day the deeds transferring to the Santa
Fe Railroad Company water front property in this city which is to be im
proved by that company for railroad terminal facilities.
Negotiations to this end have been pending for some months, and they will
be consummated to-day by the payment of the purchase price, which is $387,750,
and the legal transfer of the property from Messrs. Martin and Ballard to Cap
tain A. H. Payson, acting as trustee for the Santa Fe. This important transac
tion will probably take place at the offices of the Valley road. The holdings to
be transferred comprise the block bounded by Harrison, Bryant, Main and
Spear streets, and part of the block on the south side of Harrißon street and east
of Spear street, facing the water front. The total area is equal to ten 80-vara
lots, and covers nearly IM.OOO square feet.
Improvements- will bo commenced on the property in about three months.
Ip to be used for handling freight that Is to come in via the Valley road. The
freight will be brought ov«r from Point Richmond in cars loaded on barges.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
TWO FOOTPADS
LANDED AFTER
A HARD CHASE
Held Up a Citizen on
Broderick Street.
BOTH ARE VERY YOUNG MEN
SEVERAL SHOTS FIRED AT ONE
Of THEM.
Said to Be the Robbers Who Have
Been Operating Recently
in the Western
Addition.
Through the efforts of Policemen Her
ring and Stanton tue two footpads who
have been operating in the Western Ad
dition for several weeks past are locked
up in me City Prison. Their names are
Charles Reagan, aged 23 years, and Fred
Hall, aged 18 years.
Shortly alter 8 o'r.'-ock last night Jo
seph Muni>ck, who lives at 2032 Golden
Gate avenue, while oh his way home. was
stood up by the two young men at the
point of a pistol and robbed of a silver
watch and a package of tobacco. The
robbery occurred within a few feet of his
home. After relieving Murdock of his
timepiece and tobacco the desperate rob
bers threatened to kill him if he made an
outcry, and leisurely walked 'along Golden
Gate avenue.
A short time afterward Policeman Stan
ton saw the men acting suspiciously on
Broadway, between Flllmure and Web
ster streets. As he had been notified of
the hold-un, and suspecting that they
were the culprits, he decided to search
them. Hall had a revolver in his hip
pocket, and as the officer discovered.it he
broke away from him and ran down the
street. Stanton clung to Reagan, and,
taking out his revolver, called upon Hall
to stop. The latter, in his anxiety to es
cape arrest, dropped his hat.
Policemen McNamara and Davits, who
were in citizens' clothes, seeing the foot
pad dashing madly along tne street, or
dered him to halt. As he continued run
ning Davits drew his pistol and fired two
sho!s at him. but failed to bring him
down. At Green and Octavla streets Hall
encountered Policeman Herring. Suspect
ing that he had committed some crime
Herring started toward him, intending to
question him. The desperate robber
reached for his revolver, and as. he did
bo the policeman quickly drew his weapon
and ordered him to throw up his hands.
Seeing that the officer had him covered.
Hall reluctantly obeyed.
Herring promptly seized him and at
once relieved him of his revolver.
In answer to the officer's questions Hall
said he was on his way home when he
was attacked by two men. one of whom
thrust a revolver in his face after threat
ening to riddle him with bullets if be
made an outcry. According to his story
they then searched his pockets, taking
a silver watch and a small amount of
money. Convinced that he was lying the
policeman snapped his handcuffs on him
and took him to the North End station..
Stanton and his prisoner had preceded
them and as the officer positively identi
fied Hall as the man who had broke away
from him the sergeant in charge ordered
them taken to the office of the Chief of
Police. In answer to the questions of the
head of the department Hall said he was
a waiter, but had. not workeu for several
months. His accomplice in crime boast
fully declared that he "didn't have to
work," as he had "money to burn."
•After considerable questioning he finally
admitted that he had arrived from Chi
cago about three weeks ago. He said
that he and Hall lived together in a
lodging house on Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, the number of which he
did not know. In his pockets were found
a number of skeleton keys.
Subsequently Murdock, who was held
up by the desperate men, visited police
headquarters, for the purpose of identify
ing them. After carefully scrutinizing
them he said that they looked like the
men, but as he was so excited at the
time he was not willing to swear that
they were the robbers. The package of
tobacco which was taken. from Murdock
was found in Hall's pocket. They were
charged with robbery, and it Is expected
that several additional charges will be
recorded against them to-day.
SANTA CLAUS BREAKS
THE HOLIDA,' RECORD
SALES OF CHRISTMAS GOODS
THE LARGEST KNOWN.
San Francisco Merchants Reap a
Harvest — Good Fairies Bring
a Rush to Their Stores.
The San Francisco record for spending |
money was broken yesterday. Never be
fore In a single day did the merchants
sell as many goods as they sold yester
day.
The conditions were favorable for break
ing the record. Rain reports from a very
large area of the State tended to restore
confidence and give assurance of a good
season to come. The bright sunshine and ;
.agreeable temperature following the rain j
and the the fog invited shoppers to go
forth.
The attractions of the Christmas dis
play of holiday goods tempted the admir
ing throng and the presence of money in
the purse and Christmas spirit in the \
heart cyd the rest. Money was lavishly
expended in the purchase of seasonable
gifts and so the warehouse of Santa Claus
is stored with innumerable treasures
which will impart joy to the young and
the old on Christmas day.
The aggregate of the sums expended
yesterday cannot be given, but a mer
chant of the highest standing, whose fa
etlittes are ample for obtaining knowl
edge of the day's business in holiday '
goods, is authority for the statement that
yesterday's retail trade was the biggest
on record in this city.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggiPtß refund the money if it fails to cure.
25c. The genuine has L B. Q. on each tablet.
DR. STEBBINS IMPROVING.
A Decided Change For the Better
Noted in His Condition.
There was a decided change for the bet
ter in the condition of the Rev. Horatio
Stebbins yesterday. The improvement
was the direct result of his having gained
considerable strength Tuesday night,
when he had a few hours of sleep. He
took some nourishment during the day,
and Dr. Ellinwood. his physician, is very
honeful of his recovery, although he must
necessarily be kept quiet for many days
to come, as his condition is still critical.
The report that his illness was due to
heart disease is erroneous. Dr. Ellinwood
says that does not describe his condi
tion. His physician is disinclined to state
the exact nature of his disease, but the
fact that he is rallying will be cheering
news to the doctor's many friends.
At 10 o'clock last night Dr. Ellinwood
announced that his patient was very
much refreshed, and the indications were
extremely favorable. He had a good day,
and there is now no immediate danger.
A THIEVING EX-BELLBOY.
Another Charge of Burglary Booked
Against Steve M. Harding.
Steve M. Harding, the ex-bell boy, who
was arrested Saturday for attempting to
rob and strangle his friend, Harry
Charles, in the St. Nicholas Hotel, had
another charge of burglary booked
against him at the City Prison yesterday
by Detectives Egan and Gibson.
December 1 Harding occupied a room
in the Neustand lodging-house, 340 Geary
street; and the opposite room was occu
pied by J. F. Pfetch. That night Pfetch's
room was entered and a pair of valuable
opera-glasses and a revolver were Stolen.
Harding had sold the opera-glasses to
Charles, and the detectives also recovered
the revolver
WISH TO ACT AS THE
PRESIDENT'S ESCORT
YOUNG REPUBLICANS ORGANIZ
ING A DRILL CORPS.
Expect to Participate in the Inaugu
ration at Washington, D.
C, in 1901.
A number of members of the Tnion
League Drill Corns, which did valiant
service during the last campaign, are or
ganizing a Republican club with a view
to going to the inauguration at Wash
ington, D. C, in 1901. In aid of their
project an Interesting communication has
been mailed to desirable young men in
this city, inviting them to join and stat
ing the objects of lue proposed organiza
tion.
Of course the success of the project de
pends entirely upon the next President
being a Republican, but the originators
of the plan are -tain he will be, and
they want to act as his escort at the in
auguration.
The communication states that to carry
out this plan $15,0(X) is needed, and, al
though the sum is a large one, they be- I
lieve it can be raised among business
men who can appreciate the value of such
a trip as an advertisement to this State.
The membership of the club is not to
exceed 100, and every man must be a
gentleman, in the event the trip is taken :
it is proposed that a stop be made at Chi
cago', Philadelphia and New York, where !
arrangements can be made for competi- ;
tive or exhibition drills with similar or
ganzations in these cties.
Continuing, the notice says:
To show our good faith we have agreed to
pay $2 a month from January 1, 1599, to and
including Match, 1901, milking $54 each, or $5400
i for 100 men. This will be put safely away in
I a bank a«d allowed to draw interest, and if
| not used for the purpose intended will be re
i funded. There Is also a provision in our agree
ment allowinKa memberto withdraw his money
If the club so votes. When the time comes to
go each man may be expected to buy his own
uniform, not. to exceed $3U. This depends, how
ever, upon how much money we collect. This
I rame journey could not be made for less than
i J4OO If tried Individually.
Followng are those who have signed for
the trip at this date:
| Charles F. Kinsman, Morgan Backus, H. B.
1 Cockrill, William M. Abbott, William .1. Att
ri.lgr, Ira S. Ullick. H. H. Kalish, Harry I.
; Graham, P. E. Town?, Charles H. Buck, Dr.
H. a. Allen, Dr. G. X. Van Norrten. Herbert
I G. Edwards, L*ster B. Smith. William E. Stu
j art. Charles E. A. Cnighton. F. M. Warren,
W. H. Roblnaon, Arthur W. Spear, F. A West
W. R. Thompson, A. K. Daggett. F. W. Hol
land, H. D. Hadenreklt, John Gerdtß W X
Owens, .1. Theo. Erlin. Edward F. Treartwell,
I Homer C. Warren, Dr. H. Edward Gedge, F.
t. Kingwell, L. A. Gibbons, Bert L. Davis,
i Daniel A. Ryan, Henry F. Pernau.
STATE FEE CASE IN
THE SUPREME COURT
CONTROLLER WANTS THE LAW
ON THE QUESTION.
Application for a Writ to Compel Him
to Settle Comes Up to Be
Heard To-Day.
There was a very important conference
yesterday between Attorney General Fitz
gerald, State Controller E. P. Colgan,
Deputy Controller TV. TV. Douglas and
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Court. The matter under consideration
was the payment to forty-three counties
of the State of commissions claimed to be
due them. These claims amount to about
a million a.nd a half dollars. Prior to
May, 1X93, county officers were allowed
fees or commissions for the collection of
the State's part of the taxes. In that
year the Legislature passed a law abol
ishing the act by which these fees were
allowed and since then no commissions
have been paid.
A few months ago Rodgers, Paterson
& Slack of this city and Devlin & Devlin
of Sacramento, representing the counties,
demanded the payment of the back com
missions for all of the years since 1893,
on the ground that the law abolishing
fees was improperly passed and therefore
void.
It is necessary for the county treasur
ers to settle their accounts with the State
between the lfith a.nd 30th of this month
and they propose to enforce the issue of
back commissions by tying up the money
due the State. The result of such a course
would be very disastrous for the State
Treasurer and hence the necessity of
prompt action in the matter.
The object of the conference yesterday
was to get the matter before the Supreme
Court at once, for if the case has to take
the usual course through the lower courts
It would cause great complications and
#clay. It was decided to take one county,
Sutter being selected, and petition for an
original writ of mandate to compel the
Controller to settle with the Treasurer
of the county. The Supreme Court will'
meet to-day to hear the arguments. If it
should decide to grant the application the
matter will be settled at once. If not State
and county finances will be mixed In a
most awkward manner.
NOTES OF THE WEATHER.
The Rain Has Brightened Prospects.
Yesterday the Shortest of
the Year.
Yesterday morning saw the end of the
rain in this State. A little began to fall
in San Diego at 5 a. m. It was only a
trace, however, the amount recorded be
i Ing .01. At 8 o'clock It was raining at
Portervllle, Bakersfield and Caliente, the
precipitation being respectively .22, .08 and
.43. As stated in yesterday's Call the
weather was clear yesterday In this city.
. The storm is now in the British Posses
■ sions, just north of North Dakota.
The rainfall for the twenty-four hours
I ending Wednesday morning was 1.20 in
' San Francisco; 1.70 in Sacramento; Red
Bluff, .60; Fresno, .11. The fall in the Sa
i Unas Valley will not benefit that dry
section very much. There was a lifiit
frost last night and this morning, but
not enough to cause any material damage.
It snowed In all the Sierra and foothill
regions.
Reports from Tuolumne, Calaveras,
Placer and other mining counties say
heavy rains have fallen in those sections,
and the dry creeks there have been turned
into raging torrents. This will improve
mining prospects vastly for the ensuing
year. Farmers everywhere are greatly
pleased with the precipitation, as crop
prospects are also brightened.
According to the schools yesterday was
the shortest day in the year. The sun
reached the end of his annual trip south
of the line and turned northward again,
and now the days will begin to lengthen
slowly.
Read the first Christmas spent in
Death Valley, by a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in next Sunday's
Call.
INDIAN RAID ON
A MINER'S CABIN
Structure Looted and
Burned.
CALAVERAS COUNTY CRIME
REDSKIN THIEVES MAKE A
BOLD DESCENT.
Are Pursued by a Posse of Enraged
Whites, but Succeed in Mak
ing Good The>~
Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, Dec. 21.— Meager
reports reached angels Camp to-night
of the looting and burning of a house
by a party of Indians in the northeast
part of this county. The scene of the
crime is sixteen miles north of Val
lecito, where a party of placer miners
is at work. A band of Indians from
Nevada has .been encamped near this
place for the past two weeks and has
been hunting and fishing in the neigh
borhood. The red men made no trouble
until last Friday afternoon.
While the miners were at work they
noticed a thin wreath of smoke arising
from the trees where their cabin stood.
One o,f their number cautiously made
his way through the timber to the
fence surrounding the house and when
within about a hundred yards of thj
building halted and crawled the bal
ance of the way. The house was in
ilames, and through the dense smoke
the watcher could see a number of
forms going in and out between the
trees. He could not distinguish faces,
but was satisfied they were Indians.
Returning to his comrades he gave
the alarm and the entire party rushed
to the scene. The incendiaries had es
caped.
An investigation developed the fact
that the entire contents of the house
had been stolen by the Indians. Cloth
ing, mining tools and other articles to
the value of $1500 had been taken.
The miners at once organized a posse
and started in hot pursuit of the flee
ing Indians. The trail was closely, fol
lowed, but the Indians were too far in
advance and the angry miners were
unable to overtake them. They re
turned to the burned cabin and have
since been watching the trails closely.
The country where the raid occurred
is very rough and mountainous and dif
ficult of access. The news of the burn
ing of the miners' cabin reached Angels
Camp at 8 o'clock to-night, being
brought by a miner. He said the men
had no suspicion of trouble from their
Indian neighbors until the smoke of
their burning dwelling aroused them to
their danger.
ZANTE CURRANT FIGHT
WON BY CALIFORNIA
Greek Product Will Not Be Admitted
to This Country Free
of Duty.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The Zante
raisin matter is settled. Special Com
missioner Kasson wrote to Senator
Perkins to-day that the California peo
ple misapprehended the President's
message; that he made no "recommen
dation" favoring free Zante currants;
but that the representations made by
the California fruit growers have
wholly done away with the Greek claim
to free admission of this fruit. The
results of this investigation seems likely
to establish the California claims on
stronger grounds than ever before, says
Kasson.
TRAINER COOPEr, DEAD.
Was in Years Past tne Owner of Some
Famous Horses.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21. —A krt Cooper, a
horse trainer, died to-day in the hospital
in Williamsburg from a complication of
diseases. He was born fifty-three years
ago in California. In 1884 he came East
with the stable of "Lucky" Baldwin. At
one time Cooper was worth $65,000, part of
this being the proceeds of the sale of the
two-year-old Hyda Abad to James R.
Keene. After selling Peter the Great he
never owned a good horse. In recent
years his colors were seldom seen on a
track.
Victims of a Runaway Disaster.
THE DALLES, Or., Dec. 21.— Word was
received here late this afternoon of a
fatal accident at Rices Hill, fifteen miles
south of The Dalles. William Gardiner
and Miss Reese, who live near Liberty
School House, were coming to The Dalle's
to get married. While descending the
hill the team became unmanageable.
Both were thrown out and the young lady
was almost instantly killed. Gardiner re
ceived injuries which are believed to be
fatal.
TROUBLE
CURED. „
Fine Figured Percale 6c |
This is as pretty as goods can be. Dark,
modern designs and 28 in. wide; 15 cents is
credit price, 10 cents cash price at other
stores.
Ladies' Black Hose 5c
These are not equal to our fine SO-paune
hose at 25 cents, but they are like other
stores sell at 10 cents a pair. Our 10-cent
hose would surprise you— they're sold at 25
cents many places.
Doll Buggies, new kind- - - - 75c up
These attract the attention of little folks
and big folks and sell better than ever be-
fore. Full line of iron wheel vehicles for
boys.
Misses' ' Chairs 50c up
Best we- ever had for the money. You
can pick out any size or kind (mm 3 years
up— rocker or otherwise, and we'll make the
price right.
Ladies' or Misses' Rubbers....
10c, 15c, 25c
These are only in small sizes: 3H is the
largest; some are $1 00 shoes: worth looking
at, surely, for small-feet folks.
THIS JWEEK.
Kitchen Tables, plain, 26x46, 1 drawer Jl 00
Javanese Silk Handkerchiefs, with initial.. 05
Ladies' Black Gloves, large sizes, closing. 15
Ladies' High-cut Felt Boots, size 2% 25
Misses' Rubber Boots, bjitton, 13Va, closing. 23
Girls' and ladies' Rubber Shoes, 31* largest 15
Santa Claus Soap, with picture, 6 for 25
Blackboards, many sizes and kinds 50c up
Men's or Boys' Hats, from sample pur-
chase 50c up
NEW ORDERS
SENT TO OTIS
Uncle Sam to Hold the
Philippines.
MILITARY RULE TO CONTINUE
UNTIL FILIPINOS SHOW THEM
SELVES GOOD CITIZENS.
When That Time Comes They Are
Promised That They Will
Be Given Self-
Government.
Ei-eciai Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Dec. 21.
At the Cabinet meeting to-day, after
General Merritt had spent a brief time
with the President, the matter of In
structions to General Otis concerning
his military administration of affairs
in the Philippines was taken up. Later
in the day full instructions were pre
pared and mailed to General Otis. They
were not made public, and may not be
until they reach Manila, but from con
versations with Cabinet officers who
were present at this morning's confer
ence the tenor of these instruction?
may be given as follows:
First— The purpose of the United
States Government to assume military
control over Philippine Island affairs
for an indefinite period was stated.
Second— That there will be no radical
departures from the local civil govern
ment now existing there.
Third— The insurgents are ordered to
lay down their arms and become amen
able to United States laws, which will
be bettered from time to time, or as the
conditions and needs of the Filipinos
are better understood by our officers.
As heretofore stated in The Call's dis
patches, the President has determined
to continue the military government
over the Philippines during the re
mainder of his term of office. If, in
that period of probation, the Filipinos
have demonstrated their capability for
self-government, they may possibly be
come free and independent under the
protection of this Government. This
promise is held out to them.
COURSING AT SAN JOSF.
Newly Organized Club Will Hold Its
Initial Meet on Christmas.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 21.— Lovers of coursing
In this ci^y and county will be given op
portunities for enjoying- the sport in fu
ture. The San Jose Coursing Club has
been organized with a good membership,
and will hold its initial meet on Christ
mas day. Nearly $600 will be given in
purses. Over sixty entries have already
been received. These are from San Fran
cisco, Sacramento, Stockton and San Jose,
and include the swiftest dogs in the State.
Entries close on Friday, when the draw
ing will take place. The fee is $2 50. C.
H. Corey, the promoter of the club, has
added a purse of $150 to the entrance fees.
This will insure good money in the prizes.
Should entries continue to come in aa
now it will be necessary to continue the
racing on Monday following Christmas.
In this case there will be a consolation
stake offered that will attract attention.
Agricultural Park has been engaged and
has been turned into the largest and fin
est coursing park on the coast. The in
side of the track has been fenced with
laths, giving an area of thirty-six acres.
A errand stand has been erected in the
center. It is said that this arrangement
excels Ingleside, as every run and turn
of the dogs can be seen.
To-day Secretary Corey received twelve
dozen hares from the San Joaquin Valley.
The San Jose Coursing Club starts under
favorable auspices and intends tv arrange
for weekly meets.
EBITE AND HAWKINS MATCHED.
Fight Likely to Be Brought Off on
the Pacific Coast.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Frank Erne of
Buffalo and Dal Hawkins of San Fran
cisco were matched to-day to fight twen
ty-live rounds at the lightweight limit,
133 pounds, before the club offering the
best inducements, and also for a side bet
of $2000. In all probability the bout will
take place on the Pacific Coast some time
in February, as several California clubs
have made bids for the contest.
New Orleans Running Events.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 21.— Weather clear;
track lumpy and heavy. Results:
First race, selling, one mile — Moroni won. Lo
cust Blossom second, Can I See 'Em third
Time, 1:50.
Second race, five furlongs— Dolly Weithoff
won. Pell Mell II second, Mrs. Jimmy third
Time. 1:06%
Third race, one mile— Blue Dan won. School
Girl second, Rushfield third. Tlrn^ 1:45.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Hult#i won, Hen
rica secnnd, Nannie Davis third. Time, 1:20.
Fifth race, one mile— Our Chance won. Gov
ernor Budd second, Voyager thirtt. Time, 1:50.
Lakeport Votes for Boncts.
LAKEPORT, Dec. 21.— An election was
held here yesterday on the proposition
to bond the town of Lakeport for the
construction of water works. The propo
sition carried by a nearly unanimous vote.
This sounds like a medicine advertise-
ment, but it isn't. There : are other
troubles just now besides physical ills
pocketbook troubles. Wants are numer-
ous and varied, the ability to supply
them is limited with some folks and not
as great with others as it used to be.
We cure this trouble by selling more
goods for a given amount •of money
than any other house anywhere, and
take more pains to please. Those who
deal with us tell us these things.
Meat or Bread Knives -.V...|5c
:• These areas good as a knife can be made
.. and all right as a 3-bit article, but we must
cell cheap. . Butcher knives for family use
6 cents. . '
Toilet and Laundry Soap, 50 for $1.00
These are overstock lots, mostly 6-cerit
soaps. Send In and get an assorted lot to*
last a month or two while we have It.
Sewing Needles, per 1 000.... 25 c
?-. Foolish man, no one will believe that a
good needle is sold at this price Well Job-
■ bers pay 75c to $1 00 for the same needle
- you pay 5 cents a paper elsewhere. We sell
i at 1 cent retail. We do not guarantee 'em
but have sold a hundred thousand and no
; . complaints. Dealers not shut out.
; Plated Spoons, per set $1,00
;: These are Rogers 1847. You know how
' much better th ?L are than other spoons.
Bet of 6 plain, Jl 00: one dozen, Jl 75. Have
. something good and cheap. ' •'- •~ • :
/■ . . - - •;. \ " *~!
Store open this week until 8 p. m. to ac-
i commodate those who are engaged in the
> daytime. • ' ;. >
CASH STORE
25-2T Market St., S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"AtSLOANE'S"
Fine selection of Rush
Seat Rockers of the latest
designs in either Tobacco
Oak or Mahogany finish
• .......$7.50 Each
Ladies' Inlaid Mahogany
finish Rockers with hand-
I somely upholstered seats and
| tacks 512.00 Each
Gentlemen's large Easy
Chairs and Rockers, uphol-
stered in the latest styles of
Velours $14.00 Each
A large line of Three-piece
Parlor Suits ■ ......
From $25.00 per suit
Immense selection of Book-
cases in Quarter-sawed Oak,
hand polished, which we
I offer at .$lO,OO Each
Others at proportionately
low prices.
Large line of Secretary
Bookcases in a variety of
wood.
We invite inspection of
stock and comparison of
prices.
Open Evenings Until Christmas.
ff , &J. SLOANE & CO.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641, 643, 645, 647 MARKET STREET.
YOU NEVER saw SUCH
beautiful
opera-glasses
as we have just
received!
Opticians ko^ k gency .
642 Market St.
CHRONICLE building-
: WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS .
t CHRONIC
Nasal Catarrh
poisons every breath drawn
into the lungs. Don't negr--
lect it. There is a remedy
for this trouble. It is
Ely's Cream Balm.
It relieves immediately
the painful inflammation,
cleanses, heals and cures.
j Cream Balm is placed Into the nostrils, spread
i over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief Is
j immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
— does not produce sneering. Large, 50c; Trial
•Size. 10c: at Drug-gists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
! the year ending on that day, as made to the
i Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $649,362 50
Cash in company's office 41 »3
Cash In banks 117.616*1
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 3.SIR 66
Premiums in due course of collection • 73.139 60
Total assets $843,677 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,733 54
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense -. 87,007 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,103 95
Gross ' premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $305,750 28;
reinsurance 50 per cent 152,878 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $30,761 12;
reinsurance pro rata 10,663 74
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
etc 19 63
All other demands against the com-
pany 80,017 8$
Total liabilities... $251,530 86
INCOME. . -. ;--■;•- ...
•Net cash actually received for fire '
premiums $346,046 9*
Received for Interest and dividends ' :
on bonds, stocks, loans and from-
all other sources .12,731 S3
Total Income. . . . t . . . . . :...'. . $368,781 79
■;' ' ' EXPENDITURES. 'V:..
Net' amount paid for fire losses (In-,
eluding $15,702 54, losses of previous . .
years) $99,622 68
.Paid or aiiowed for commission or ■ '
brokerage — •....;....:' :. "82,337 10
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.,;... 2,625 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes \ 4,913 is
All other payments and . expendi- '
tures • ••• 14,006 S.
Total expenditures $203,564 11
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $120,263 77
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. (Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $456,581 15
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 31,500,088 118,371 n
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897. 36,055,649 356, 511 40
~^~~. , ELIJAH R. KENNEDY,
Of Weed & Kennedy,
. : - . ■• United States Managers.
■Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
. day of February. issg. *"V
;.., F. FI3HBECK, Notary Public. •
SYZ & CO., I
■ ". General Agents, . :
301 California Street.
••"■' SAN FRANCISCO.
P^^DL HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
litia rffiffl * lye hund red reward for any cas*
rr^ ■"^1 we cannot cure. This secret remedy
SDL HALL'S REINYIGORATOI
ri\e iiunured reward for any cast
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, curei
Jhjijl Z&M Emissions. Impotency, Varicocele
l"Til C7WI Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. Strictures.
•*iU y^vi Lost Maahood and all wasting ef-
rffeyj tiMA fects of self -abuse or excesses. Sent
■er/rssasi sealed, s2 bottle: 3 bottles.ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broad way. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at IOTS^ Market St.. S. F. All prl-
{ vat* diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.BLUNDERS OF THE ARMY
GLORIES OF THE NAVY
AMERICAN SPIES
SENT TO SPAIN
Some Secret History Revealing
Heroes Hitherto Name=
less.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The official I
reports of all commanding officers of j
the navy during the war have been
compiled and published by the Navy
Department. While treating of events
that have already figured in official re- '
ports that have reached the public the ]
documents still contain many minor re
ports that throw side lights on interest
ing phases of the war. Almost in the
beginning, in the brief record of the
proceedings of the naval wnr building
an unknown hero Is brought to light
In the person of Ensign H. H. Ward,
who at the beginning of the war was
on duty in the Navigation Bureau, al
ternating with Lieutenant Whittlesey
in the heavy duties of assistant to the
chief of the bureau. He volunteered j
for secret service duty and his exploits,
about which nothing has been said in i
the past, may well be placed on record
beside those of Lieutenant Rowan in
Cuba and Lieutenant Whitney in Porto I
Rico. Within a week after the declar- I
ati'>n of war Ensign Ward distln- i
guished himself and went straight into !
the heart of the enemy's country, mak- [
ing his headquarters at Cadiz, the prin- i
cipal Spanish naval station, and in- j
forming the Navy Department here of
the actual strength of the Spanish
naval vessels and their movements.
Then he went to the West Indies and
reported everything that was going on J
there of Importance to the American
navy. Next he went again into the j
enemies country in disguise, this time
to Porto Rico, where he was arrested
as a spy. By adroitness he managed
cure his release and, escaping
from San Juan, cable,! to the Navy De- j
nent a full account of the state \
of the defenses there and the prepara
making for the reception of the
Spanish squadron under Cervera. All
me even officials of the Navy
Department were under the impression
that Mr. Ward was engaged in install- i
ing a system of coast signals on the
New England oast.
While Ward was in Porto Rico. En- j
pign Buck, another attache of the
Navigation Bureau, was on the shores !
of the Mediterranean in disguise. ,
watching every movement of the i
Iron of Camara, which started for
the Philippines, l>ut turned back. Of
Strategy Board itself it is said that
it was part of its duty to keep informed i
of all of the movements, resources and '
plans of the Spanish naval forces j
through Becret agents, and it is now
known that the navy was thus inform- '■
c-d of all important movements. At I
however, information was con- !
Hiding and decisions had to be made
;is to which report was true. Under '
the head of precautionary orders ap- ■
pear in the volume of instructions to)
all the United States ships abroad to !
stork their bunkers with the best coal
obtainable and to keep them full.
Admiral Dewey was told long before
the declaration of war, on February 25:
"In th" event "f war with Spain your
duty will be to see that the Spanish
Bquadron does not leave the Asiatic
coast, and then begin offensive opera
tions in the Philippines. Keep Olvm
pla until further orders."
The latter order is explained by the
fact that the flagship had been ordered
back to the United States for overhaul
ing. Admiral Howell, in the Mediter
ranean with his squadron, was told to
■wait in neutral waters for orders, and
the ships in the South Atlantic were in-
Ptructed to move northward so as not
to excite suspicion.
The reports of the famous naval bat
tie of Cavite includes one from United
Statp? Consul Williams, a rather un
usual thing in a report of a strictly
naval character, but fully justified by
its picturesque and untechnical de
scription of Dewey'B great victory.
Following it Is a report to his Gov
ernment on the same engagement by
the commander-in-chief of the ill-fated
Spanish fleet, Montejo.
The admiral depicts the bad conditions
of the Spanish fleet and defenses. !]>■
pays thai the cruiser ('astilla was in
capable of maneuvering on account of her
bad condition, while the defenses at the
entrance of Bubig Ray were very back
ward. With much disgust he found that
the guns which should have been mounted
•were delayed a month and a half. nn<l be
was no less disgusted to find that reli
ance was had for the defense of the port
■upon a few torpedoes not properly placed.
Finding Subig Bay aefenseless, the Span
ish squadron repaired .to the bay of
Manila to meet battle under less un
favorable conditions. The admiral avoid
ed the city, not wishing to draw fire upon
It and prepared his fleet for action, paint
ins bis vessels a dark gray and having ,
the fires spread and springs on the cables.
ncg-gg "WE CUT THE PRICES. NOT THE QUALITIES OR QUANTITIES."
PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED AT THE RIGHT PRICES
f HWI DRlllj SOUTH 356,
\J TT MJ mJ±\%J\3. telephone
SOUTH 356,
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS,
1128 Market St., Bet. Mason and Taylor, S. F.
»-, ''WHAT SHALL~rGIVE~FOR" CHRISTMAS ?"
, v . nT n TILT, THE LAST DAYS AND STILL, UNDECIDED. AREN'T
YOU? E IT IS ONE OF THE BUGABOO TASKS OF THE WHOLE YK^R
to nick out Xmas things, isn't it? But why should It be? A visit to our store
will easily, delightfully and economically solve it. Here are a few hints:
CELLULOID GOODS. //%s),< LEATHER GCODS.
'• soap Boxes. Toilet Bet«. Man- ¥ ,JaJ"C*jA • Our stock of Leather Goods
&U^»^^^^Sij^l^ wi !l not be foind ■ wanting,!
noxe' Baby Toilet ""' s Mir- and our prices lower if any-
I^LjSSr&SSA gSk thing than other stores. vie
other little things. J/£$S make no char for stamping
TOILET SETS. srf.Tzi/^ names on purses.
Cheap enough for anybody ~V*^>4§v<??y POCKET BOOKS AND PURSES.
r de rre i ty rarr g , ood f °;et an> 3 4M& 0 ' Dainty bits for holiday giv-
piprpi sold elsewhere at /^i^^ J8& ing ; everything to make up a
*1.r.0: our ■"',s'i *i h %o iF*V''.7fil&^ complete stock. Prices all
in-fS^Secessetß-very ,-„;;, V <C"' « f^\«V /C^\ along Ihe way. from 25 <= to
a£^Hi^^P ?< 7^«r m few higher i
Collar and curt boxes, extra 7w/M> F Then we have a fine line. of
satin lined, «l and A%J>.^ Fancy Bric-a-Brac. Atomizers.
combination collar riff and £*KW^X»-' • ' Soaps and PERFUMES— such
handkerchief boxes. J?« fflffitW ' makes as Reynals, Lub.n's.
MEN'S FINE SHAVING »«B. M%&ffl%&^ Lesley's, Roger & Gailefs, Ed.
SSSaSiiS ffi^nng^ S^Wi^ Pinaud '^ Lundborg's 'and
taming cup. brush, scissors and >=^OvW". '' others, and at prices we think
;x;; x ;: r ? n *«S«r ESS $?0 (r^^^B , ust a little lower than others.
BABIES TOILET BET 3. / 17~ "*fc\ TUB 1 fIWT nTJTTP m
Something very neat, made of %, UWL JJKUII tO.,
pink or blue celluloid/*!. . N& 1188 MARKET STREET.
| He says that the force of Dewey'B yes
! sels, leaving out the transports, amounted
! to 21.410 tons. 49.290 horsepower, lt>3 gains
(muny rapid fire). 1T.'.0 men and an average
velocity of seventeen miles. Against this
the power of his only five effective ships
was 10.111 tons, 11,200 horsepower. 76 guns
: (very short of rapid tire), 1*75 crew and
! maximum speed twelve miles. The ad
miral describes in vivid language the ter
rible effect of the American onslaught on
the Spanish vessels. He says: "The
Americans fired most ranidly. There came
upon us numerous projectiles, as the three
cruisers at the end of the line devoted
themselves almost entirely to fight the
Cristina, my flagship.. A short time after ;
i the action commenced one shell exploded
in the forecastle and put out of action
all those who served the rapid-fire can
nons.
Meantime another shell exploded in the
foretop, Betting lire to the crew bags. ;
: At 7::w o'clock a shell destroyed completely i
! the steering gear. Another destroyed the i
mizzen. bringing down my flag and en
sign; another slu-ll exploded on the poop ;
' and put out of action nine men. A fresh
i shell exploded in the officers' cabin, coy
] ering me hospital with blood and de- ;
| stroying the wounded who were being '
I treated there. Another exploded in the j
I ammunition room.
"1 had to flood the magazine when v the .
! cartridges began to explode.
"One large shell penetrated the fireroom. j
i putting out of action one master gunner
j and twelve men serving the guns. An- ;
! other rendered useless tue starhoard bow
! gun, and while the fire increased astern
another fire started forward from another
shell. The broadside guns continued fir- j
'. ing until there were only one gun and
one seaman remaining unhurt for serv
ing.
! "The shin being out of control, the hull,
smokepiptf and the mast riddled with
shot, men confused with the cries of the
i wounded, half of the crew out of action, |
among whom were seven officers. 1 gate
the order to sink and abandon the ship |
before the magazines should explode."
| The story of the loss of the Cristina was |
j substantially the story of tne loss of all i
', the other Spanish ships, and Admiral !
Montejo sums up his account with this
statement:
"The inefficiency of the vessels which
composed my little squadron, the lack of
all classes of the personnel, especially
master gunners and seamen gunners; the
i inaptitude of some of the provisional ma
chinists, the scarcity of rapid tire ran- '
' non, the strong crews of the enemy and ;
; the unperfected character of the greater
! part of our vessels, all contributed to
: make much more decided the sacrifices
which we made for our country and to
prevent the possibility of the horrors of
j a bombardment of the city of Manila,
with the conviction that with the scarcity
'. of our force against the superior enemy
we were going to certain death and could
, expect a loss of all our ships. Our cas
; ualtles. including those of the arsenal,
amounted to 3SI men killed and
wounded."
Apparently the first suggestion of the
organization of the flying squadron,
which was to divert Admiral Camera's
squadron from his voyage to Manila,
came from Dewey, for tn a dispatch of
June 27 he says: "In my judgment, if
the coast of Spain was threatened the J
1 squadron of the enemy will have to re- I
\ turn."
And that was exactly what hap
pened. A month later the admiral pays
a high compliment to the British Con
sul at Manila. Mr. Rawson Waller, who
for three months had been discharging
the duties of United States Consul in
Manila and rendered great assistance.
The admiral's estimate of the impor
tance of the Philippines is set out in ;
the following telegram sent in answer ;
to an inquiry on the subject from the I
Government;
MANILA, Aug. 20. ]Rf»R.— Secretary Navy.
Washington: Referring to the depart
ment's telegram of August 13, important
islands are: Colon, Luzon. Panay, Cebu.
Negro?. Leyte. Others, owing to the na
ture of the inhabitants, have a small
amount of civilization, want of cultiva
tion. They may be neglected, especially
isles of southern group. Luzon is in all
respects the most desirable to retain.
Contains most important commercial
ports. Manila is farthest north. Pro
duces all of the good tobacco. Friendly
natives. Civilization somewhat advanced. |
Not yet developed. Possible rich mm- j
erals. Population 82J.000. Subig Bay nest
harbor for coaling purposes and military, j
Water deep, landlocked, easily defended, i
Strategically command of bay and city
of Manila, with arsenal at Cavite, most;
valuable. Panay. Cebu. Negros thickly
populated, most civilized and well culti
vated. Hollo second commercial port:
center of sugar trade; a good harbor
strategically; in view of the situation
good for defense. Cebu third commercial
port; a good harbor; very desirable. No
coal of good quality can be procured in
.the Philiptne Islands. Some has been
mined on Cebu; English company. I trust
it may not be necessary to order me to
Washington. Should regret very much to
leave here while matters remain in pres
ent critical condition. DEWEY.
Sanborn. Vail & Co. have opened up this
week over 200 styles of celluloid albums
and toilet cases, it is the only retail col
lection of celluloid toilet cases in the city
containing first-class fittings. •
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
MILES BLAMES THE
WAR DEPARTMENT
Speaks Bitterly of the Wretched
Treatment Accorded the
Armies in the Field.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. — General
Nelson A. Miles, commanding the
United States army, and General Wes
ley Merritt, commander of the Amer
ican forces at the capture of Manila,
were the principal figures before the
War Investigating Commission to-day.
General Miles responded to the sum
mons of the commission only after
days of consideration. His exami
nation was comparatively brief and not
sensational. He spoke with some bit
! terness as to the "embalmed beef" and
the canned beef supplied the army in
the field. This he characterized as an
experiment for which "some one in
Washington" was responsible. He said
j that the landing facilities of the Santi
j ago expedition were inadequate, and
that the men were short of rations and
medicines and might have been better
protected from exposure to fever con-
I tagion.
General Merritt told the commission
tfoat he regarded the Philippine expe
dition as a decided success and would
conduct it on the same lines if he had
it to do over. He spoke in high terms
of the troops under him and said his
army was well supplied with medicines
and food.
"Are you willing to be sworn?" Gen
eral Miies was asKed.
"I think," was the reply, "that I can
say wnat I have to say without being
sworn."
General Miles was fortified with a
large package of papers and had his
own stenographer. He gave his evi
dence in a clear, unhesitating way and
went into details regarding both the
Santiago and Porto mean expeditions.
He o-pened by describing the railroad
confusion in getting the war munitions
to Tampa, pointed out the lack of Gov
ernment storehouse facilities there and
said that the cars at one time were held
back as lar as Columbia, S. C. He
said that when the troops were loaded
it was found impossible tv- put more
than 16,000 men aooard, and they were
equipped as well as possible unaer the
circumstances.
"It was most fortunate," he said,
"that the transports had good weather.
If they had encountered a severe storm
the loss of life or the suffering, at least,
must have been fearful. As it was,
with fair weather, the men below,
crowded in with the mules and sup
plies, could get <,-n deck, which would
nave been impossible otherwise."
The commissary stores taken, he said,
were .sufficient, but the medical supplies
were inadequate. He had left the load
ing, except for general directions, to
the commander, General Shafter. He !
found, just before sailing, that there j
were a number of pontoon boats being
taken which would be utterly useless,
and he himself had secured two barges
from the owners there and had taken
other steps, but the supply of such
boats was very inadequate.
"The expedition," he continued. !
"should have been furnished with
launches, naphtha or steam, or tugs.
for towing barges from the ships to the
shore. We relied largely on the en- I
gineer officers and the engineer de- j
partment for these. In the second ex- i
pedition to Porto Rico these were fur- j
nished, but they arrived too late to ren- j
der assistance."
He said that before the first fleet
sailed from Tampa estimates had been
definitely made of the number of boats
to he furnished the transports and the
number to be furnished by the navy to
assist. The most cordial assistance, he
added, had been promised on the part
of the navy.
At Santiago the supply of tentage
and food was very limited.
"Were the medical supplies at that
time sufficient for the needs of the com
mand?" was asked.
In reply he road a dispatch from
General Shafter, sent fin August 4.
which referred to a chronic scarcity <>f
medicines, and stated that four men
had just died from the lack there
of. There »was at no time, said Gen
eral Mill-?, sufficient medicine foi* the
troops. He remembered seeing one
train for the sick in a drenching rain
with no covering over the wagons.
General Beaver— From what you
learned and observed while there, do you
think there was at any time a sufficient
medical supply?
General Miles— Of medical men and ma
terials?
General Beaver— Yes.
General Miles— No, sir.
The witness stated that the hos
pital accommodations were only of a
temporary character. He said that the
shelter was bad. The shelter tents did
not shelter. Questioned as to the char
acter of the facilities for transporting
the wounded, ho said that they were
taken in wagons.
General Beaver — Do you know if any
of the wounded were lying exposed to
the weather?
(Jf-neral Mil^s — Some wero exposed in
beinp sent down to the hospitals. I
saw one train of wounded men driving
along in the dron<-"hing rain with noth
ing to shelter them. H^ had taken
measures personally to correct matters,
and on July 12 had telegraphed for a
well equipped corps of pier and bridge
soldiers, etc., and had ordered certain
places burned.
General Miles said the transportation
facilities were used to carry supplies
to some 15,000 to 20.000 refugees from
Pnntiago and to about 5000 Cuban
troops. *
"This was not expected," he an
swered, in reply to a question, "because
I had cautioned General Shafter to
keep his men out of the Spanish build
ings of every character, and to keep
the men away from the natives. Had
he not done as he did the army would
have been much better supplied."
His army in Porto Rico, he said, had
been supplied, in a way, with quarter
master and commissary stores, but not
in the best way. At Porto Rico he had
asked that fixed rations be sent, but
instead they were s^nt down in bulk
without invoices nr bills of lading, and.
In many instances, stores were spoiled
in the hold and thrown away. This
caused great embarrassment and loss
of stores and deprived the troops of
food.
General Miles said the scarcity of
food largely caused the distress of the
troops. He had advised against the
shipping of beef to Porto Rico, both be
cause there was abundance of it on the
Island as well as because of his belief
that it was defective. He character
ized the refrigerator beef, of which
there was 327 tons sent, as "embalmed
beef," and said the canned fresh beef,
of which 198,000 pounds had been
shipped there, was condemned by of
ficers whose commands used it.
"Who fixed that beef as an army ra
tion?"
"You'll have to ask some one here in
Washington. You had better ask the
Secretary of War or the commissary
general. It was sent as food. If they
had not taken that they would have
had to go hungry. If they had sent
paymasters down there, as I asked, we
could have bought food, but they did
not do that."
General Miles suggested that the food
was sent to his large army under pre
tense of an experiment.
General Miles called attention to the
fact that good, fresh beef could be
bought in -Porto Rico for 6 cents a
pound American money, and he sug
gested it might be interesting to com
pare the cost of the refrigerated beef,
together with the expense of transpor
tation. He said he did not know but
that the chemicals used in treating the
beef were responsible for the great
sickness in the American army. Re
ports which he had received concern
ing it were to the effect that the beef
had an odor like an embalmed dead
body.
Captain Howell— Were these reports
ever brought to the attention of the com
missary department?
General Miles — Reports were frequently
sent in to the commissary general; but
he seemed to insist that the^eef be used.
Captain Howell— Was the- matter ever
brought to the attention of the Secretary
of War?
General Miles— l requested that no more ]
of it be sent. If a supply were issuing I
to the men in this country I would pro
hibit their use of it. 1 am having an in
vestigation of this matter. I thought you
gentlemen would get on to it.
He said he had never complained to \
the Secretary of War as to the condi- j
tion of the beef, but he had asked that
the supply be stopped.
General Miles stated the first plans
I for securing the transports for Cuba
I were net his. The question at the out-
I set was a naval problem and the dis
patch of troops, in his judgment, then
hinged on which fleet would destroy
the other. If the Spanish had destroyed >
the United States fleet the United j
: States would have been blocked for a |
number uf years.
"If we had had a force in Cuba, too, j
we would have lost it, as it wo-uld have
been impossible to get it back here," he
said.
He was opposed, also, to sending a
large force to places like Havana or
Matanzas because of the large per
centage of yellow fever deaths.
He said the destruction of Cervera's
fleet settled that problem. He wanted
to operate with a small force against
the Spanish forces by harassing them
during the sickly season, aiding the
Cubans and not endangering the lives
of his own force. He also at first fa
vored taking Porto Rico to prevent the
Spanish using that as a base of opera
tions.
General Miles gave details of the I
Pond Rican expedition and obstacles. ;
Concluding with his opinion of camp
sites he said the first he knew of the
selection of Camp Alger, Va., the most j
objectionable camp, in his mind, was!
when the regiments began reaching
there. As to Chickamauga he had rec
ommended mobilizing the regiments
left, but he never anticipated 25,000
men would be sent, and when he found
the camp overcrowded he had recom
mended distribution of the forces
among other localities.
General Wesley H. Merritt was the
first witness of the afternoon. He be
gan his testimony by a description of j
operations around Manila prior to its ■
capture. Owing to the smallness of his i
force, ho said, the army was compelled
to operate along the sea front, in co- !
operation with the navy. Had there !
been a larger American force on land I
the city could have been taken from
the high ground inland, but this was j
tactically impracticable without leav- j
ing rmr base at the mercy of both Span- j
iards and insurgents. The city's de- ;
fenses were good. The Spanish rebels j
had excellent arms and ammunition, i
The engagement lasted not over two j
hours. The army had both Spaniards i
and insurgents to contend with.
"The insurgents were very anxious to
take part in the attack," said General
Merritt. "but they were not notified
when the attack would be made, as I '
was sure the entrance of the Filipinos
into the city would mean unnecessary j
bloodshed and pome looting."
General Merritt said the American j
losses were not correctly stated in the j
press reports. They were about 120 of- |
fleers and men killed and wounded. No I
accurate account of the Spanish loss ,
was ever obtainable. The American
force, however, captured over 13.000
Btandß of modern arms, and the Span
ish U>ss was known to be severe.
There was some discussion of the |
committee over the relative merits of j
the Springfield and the modern small
caliber rifles. This drew from General 1
Merritt the statement that nersonally ■
ho should prefer the Springfield with
smokeless powder to the caliber of 30 or
the Mauser. As an instance of the
lack of stopping power of the small
bore rifle, he said one of the officers :
OPEN EVENINGS.
Beautiful
HOLIDAY
GOODS
Pictures, Statuary, Vases r
Ornaments, French and
Dresden Cabinets, Onyx
Pedestals and Tables,
Lamps, Art Novelties, -
Fine
Crockeiy and Glassware
S.&G.GUMP
113 Geary St.
was shot through the leg in the Ma
nila fight and did not know it until the
next morning.
General Merritt said, in reply to ques
tions, that the volunteers were as ef
fective and as enthusiastic as could be
desired. He regarded them as very ex
cellent troops. The supplies were suf
ficient at all times, except as to ice and
milk for fever patients. As to medi
cal supplies and hospital conveniences.
General Merritt said he had heard no
complaints. On entering the city the
army took possession of all the good
houses it needed and turned them over
to the medical department. The sick
and wounded were thus well provided
for.
General Merritt paid quite as high a
tribute to the civilian staff officers as
did General Shatter the previous day,
saying:
"They were good officers, intelligent,
anxious to learn and to work."
ANNEXATION A BLOW
TO SUGAR INDUSTRY
American Producers Protest Against
the Acquisition of Tropi
cal Territory.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— A conference be
tween the officers of the American Sugar
Growers' Society and manufacturers of
beet sugar machinery and representatives
of the beet sugar factories now in opera
tion was held in the office of the Orange
Judd Farmer, in the Marquette building.
The question under consideration was the
effect of the proposed annexation of sugar
producing territory in the West Indies
and the Philippines upon the develop
ment of American sugar producing In
terests.
The sentiment was unanimous that the
acquisition of tropical sugar territory
would seriously affect the development
of the beet sugar industry unless some
arrangements were made which would
protect the domestic product against the
operation of free trade in sugar from the
new colonies. It was decided to make a
formal protest to Congress against the
sacrifice of the interests of American
farmers, labor and cap^al for the benefit
of tropical regions. A committee was
appointed to draw up a formal petition
to Congress protesting against the acqui
sition of territory.
BRINGS SUITS FOR THE
RECOVERY OF A LOAN
Sacramento Attorney Institutes Pro-
ceedings Involving Twenty
rive Dollars.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 21.— Albert M.
Johnson, one of the best known lawyers
of Sacramento, has brought suit in the
Justice's Court against the law firm of
Shortnage, Beatty & Brittain of San
Francisco for the recovery nf $25.
On October 11 last Shortridge, Beatty
& Brittain had a case .-.i the Supreme
Court of this county. The firm was rep
resented by the second partner, William
A. Beatty. He desired a dismissal, and
the Judge said he would grant it, pro
vided Boatty would pay the costs,
amounting to $25. Beatty happened to
be "short" at the time, and Justice
waited, like Patience on the monument,
until Beatty went down to Albert M.
Johnson's office and borrowed the neces
sary coin. Mr. Johnson asserts that he
has made repeated demands for the re
turn of the loan, but they have been un
availing, and ho now proposes to enforce
collection througu the medium of the
courts.
SAMOAN TRIBES
MAY GO TO WAR
Election of a King Likely to Result
in Bloodshed on the
Islands.
AUCKLAND, N. Z., Dec. 21.— Advices
received here from Samoa under date of
December 16 says there is serious
trouble in connection with the election
of a King to succeed the late Malietoa.
The supporters of Mataafa have be
come warlike, and it is reported that
the German Consul is supporting
Mataafa in spite of the agreement ar
rived at between the consuls to remain
neutral and to allow the Chir r Justice
to decide upon the question of a King.
The foreign residents fear there will
be an outbreak of tribal war when the
Chief Justice pronounces his decision,
about he end of the year, and they are
anxious for naval protection.
"Kid" Maloney Convicted.
BAKERSFIEI.D. Dec. 21.— "Kid" Ma
loney was to-day convicted of man
slaughter for the killing of Frank McKee |
last August. Maloney lived in Oakland, 1
and is well known to the police of the '
State.
GREETINGS TO ALL!
Right in the midst of the great holiday buying that has rushed us and kept us busy as
never before, have come from our factory, case after case, of the very finest clothing that will be
worn this winter, besides — just in the nick of time — a great deal of furnishings that are sure to be
extremely popular with Christmas shoppers.
New Style Suits <* Q ** Beautiful Reefer QC - Overcoats and
tor Men 4>7*UU Suits for Boys. $I* '5 Ulsters. . $7.50 and $10
In new patterns of Cheviots, 4 to 10 years, coats have large Splendid wearing and tashion-
Worsteds and Cassimeres. All sailor collars; Bto 15 years, coats ably cut garments, in blues, blacks
wool. * have rolling collars. All wool. and browns. All wool.
Beautiful Smoking Jackets Small Necessaries for Men
For men these are the best of Christmas Black, Brown and Pearl Fedora Hats 95c
presents. We have a large assort- fri <yqj Our famous Derby Hats .$2.50
ment in many different designs Wv> JO All-wool Underwear, per suit- $2.00
Latest Neckties 50c
OPEN EVENINGS. ll*
Men s Plaid and Plain Hose 25e
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street, S. F.
HON. ETHAN HITCHCOCK.
The Present Embassador to Russia, Who Will Succeed
Bliss as Secretary of the Interior.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— At to-day's Cabinet meeting Secretary Hay
R-as the only absentee. The President stated to those members who did not
accompany him on his trip that he had decided to appoint our present Em
bassador to .Russia, Hon. Ethan Hitchcock, Secretary of the Interior, to
mcceed Mr. Bliss, who retires from that office upon the qualification of Mr.
Hitchcock, which is expected to take
place some time In February next.
The members who were personally
acquainted with Mr. Hitchcock spoke
of him in the highest terms, and all
agreed that the selection was admir
able.
The President at the time of the
resignation of Secretary Bliss invited
Senator John C. Spooner to take the
seat in the Cabinet vacated by Mr.
Bliss. Senator Spooner, it is said,
took the matter under advisement for
two or three days, but after consider
ing it notified the President that he
felt obliged to decline it.
Secretary Bliss, in an interview to
day, said: "It has been understood
for some time that it would be my
wish to retire from public life on the
conclusion of the. war. Now that the
peace treaty has been signed my re
quest to be relieved will be granted,
but I shall await the arrival of my
successor before severing my connec
tion with the Interior Department. I
have been in most hearty accord with
the President in his policy through
the trying days in which he sought to avoid war and while as commander
In chief he was conducting the war that came notwithstanding his effort
to prevent it. I believe most thoroughly in the course he is now pursuing
for maintaining the honor of the country by securing tha just results of a
successful war. I shall leave my associates of the Cabinet and of the de
partment and my many friends in Washington with great regret, but pri
vate and personal reasons make my retirement a necessity."
The Senate later in the day confirmed the nomination of Mr. Hitchcock.
More than a year ago he was appointed Minister to Russia, and when the
rank of the position was raised to that of an Embassy he was reappointed.
Mr. Hitchcock was formerly a lawyer and business man of St. Louis,
and was for some time a plate-glass manufacturer.
Senator Proctor, who was in St. Petersburg during the paßt summer,
says he is very popular in the Diplomatic Corps and among the acquain
tances he has made abroad. He is a close personal friend of the Presi
dent.
OLD GLORY IS
YET WAVING
Harrison Breaks Out
the Colors.
AN ERROR NOT CORRECTED
CUBANS REJOICE AT WITH
DRAWAL OF SPANIARDS.
With the New Year There Will
Come a Brief Season of
Feasting on the
Island.
Special Dispatch to The Cai!.
HAVANA, Dec. 21. — It now appears
that the raising of the stars and stripes
over Fort Atares yesterday by Major
Russell B. Harrison was a surprise to
both the United States and Spanish
Military Commissioners. The Ameri
can Commissioners had said that no
American flags should be raised until
January 1. Major Harrison did not
know this, and when told to occupy the
fort he promptly raised the flag.
Nevertheless, though it flies in fuil
sight of the harbor and city, the Span
ish have not complained and it has not
been ordered down.
Major General Ludlow, Military Gov
1 ernor of Havana, arrived from the
j United States to-day and has had a
long conference with General Greene.
The United States and Spanish Mili
tary Commissioners will meet on Fri
day.
Effigies of General Weyler hung this
afternoon in Cerro, the suburb, sur
rounded by jeering crowds, while small
processions marched and counter
marched along the streets, shouting
constantly. Business is virtually sus
pended in consequence of the rejoicings
over the evacuation. In some Instances
bands of Cubans have visited Spanish
shopkeepers and compelled them to
shout "Viva Cuba Libre" and to wave
Cuban flags.
Senora Farrez, the lady who enter
tained the Cuban generals, Sanguilly
and Lacret, and other Cuban officers at
a dance at her residence in Cerro last
evening, sent a message to the United
States Military Commissioners, sug
gesting that the Spanish soldiery might
invade Cerro and raid her home. Major
Harrison, though taking no account of
her fears, stationed two guards in front
of her residence.
This evening the Cuban generals,
Maya, Rodriguez, Menocal and Vidal
and Julio Sanguilly, with other Cuban
officers, are to be entertained at Jesus
del Monte, another Havana suburb.
Printed papers, insulting to th? Span
iards and threatening to kill them
after January 1, continue to -be circu
lated in various parts of the island.
The Alcalde of Santiago de Las Vegas
has seized large quantities of such
clandestine prints and burned them.
The Cuban patriotic committees are
planning for a five days' feast after
January 1, during which all business
is to be suspended.
PHILADELPHIAN'S SUICIDE.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 21.— Alexander W.
Kutt, a resident of Philadelphia, who cams
to Los Angeles on a pleasure trip, commit
ted suicide this afternoon In a small sta
tion at the end of the Temple-street cable
road by shooting himself through the
head. Nutt carried out his purpose in a
deliberate manner. He rode to the end of
the line, and as soon as the car started
en the return trip he sat down on a bench
in the station house, pulled off one of his
gloves and shot himself through the right
temple. He was about 65 years old. The
cause of the deed is not known.
34
EXPRESS TRAINS
COLLIDE IN A FOG
Disaster on the Penn
sylvania Line.
TWO MEN LOSE THEIR LIVES
SCORES OF PASSENGERS MORE
OR LESS INJURED.
Two Women Pinned Down by Debris
for Hours Until the Ar
rival of the Wreck
ing Crew.
.: IH«patch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— A roar-end
collision occurred on vhe Pennsylvania
Railroad three miles from Rahway,
which resulted in the loss of two lives
arid serious imi not fatal injury to
four nii'i, persona The killed:
WILLIAM C. DE WOLF, a clerk in
intant's office of the Ohio
River Railroad ;it Parkersburg, W. Va.
E. KNIGHT (colored) of Jersey City,
porter of the Bleeping car.
The injured: Mrs. Julia Levy of
Brook ring from shock and se-
U not fatally hurt; B. F. ;
Mead of Brooklyn, leg broken; Frank
Irish, traveling pass* gent of the!
Northwestern Railroad,
r-bone broken; J. K.
Welsh, Jersey City, Pullman car con
ductor, both legs broken; J. Vander- j
engineer of the Becond train, of!
Philadelphia, slightly hurt; C. Zanen,
an of the same train, of Princeton,
slightly hurt.
About twenty persons were cut and
bruised, and nearly all the occupants
i-l" buth Hums in collision were thrown
. their berths.
The trains in collision were No. 104,
known aa the Chicago and New York
bs, and No. o. known a.s the East
•rn expn ss. When three mites from
Rahway, N. J.. shortly before r o'clock,
the Chicago and New Fork express was
stop] Mug to- its engineer, by
.\ rather thick fog prevailed.
The Eastern express, coming up from
behind at about twenty miles an hour,
dashed into No. 104, sending a bag|
:; the track and crushing through
the Pullman sleeper Bartholdi,
which contained fifteen passengers, the
Pulln , tor and the colored por
ter. The engine of No. 6 did not come
to a sto]> until half of the sleeping car
was cut Into kindling wood. The col
porter and W. O. de Wolf, a pas
senger, were caught <m the top of the
boiler, their bodies twisted by the de
bris and badly mang
The engine of No. 6 was badly dam
: and the tender was thrown from
th< track. Beyond the smashing of a
Southern express car and car platforms
train No. ti sustained no other damage
and none ol its passengers were seri
ously hun. Previous to the collision
John Van Derver, the engineer of train
No. »\ and his fireman jumped off. Both
■ed Bcalp wounds.
Train No. 104 was composed chiefly
of mail and express cars. The Bar
tholdi was the only passenger car it
carried. The rear baggage car was
empty and proved but a slight im
ient to the engine of Na 6, which
>i its way through. The passen-
In the Bartholdi were thrown for
ward, amid broken woodwork, --scap
ing steam and ilying glass. The car
toppled over on its side and lay slant
n the bank. The unhurt pae
g'-rs scrambled through the windows.
F ' tw<s hours two women and two
men lay pinned down by debris. Buf
fering from their wounds. It was im
them out until after the
arrival of the wrecking train, which
came about 8:30 o'clock. The passen
ge»a of both fains were brought to
New York on other trains.
Th.- engineer ef No. 6 blames the
thick fog for the accident.
MILLIONS OF POUNDS
OF RAW ORE FIRED
Tremendous Volume of Sulphurous
Smoke Clouds the Atmosphere
Near Redding.
REDDING, Pec Li. -The race track
roasurs of the Mountain. Copper Compa
ny, stretching in a continuous straight
■ a distance of nearly a mile and
containing millions of pounds of raw ore
have been tire.!, a tremendous volume of
sulphurous smoke is thrown off and may
be seen for many miles. The raw ore
contains such a high percentage of sul
phur that it burns reaplly, though thirty
sixty and even ninety days are required
the ore of its combustible mate
rial.
A temporary railway track was laid
along the mountain side, ami the regular
or,- trains from the Iron Mountain mine
were run on to this track and the ore
dumped. When the ore stacks had
of twenty feet find a
mil" In length the track was taken up
and the ore Ignite*. After treatment this
ore will be handled again through the
smelters.
YOUTH HANGS HIMSELF.
Disheartened Because of an Impedi
ment in His Speecn.
DTLROY, Dec I'l.-Tlu- body of Frank
Buck, a youth 18 years of age, was found
ng from a rafter In a shed at the
Martin ranch this morning. Buck was
fmpl chore boy. He was down
bearted and discouraged owing to an im
pediment in his speech, and, being of a
tlve nature, took this means of «>nd
life.
Buck was a son of B. F. Buck, an up
holsterer, residing on Xorth Monterey
street.
Pears'
Tt> keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing- any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
POVERTY DRIVES
HER TO PRISON
Marchioness of Donegal
Enters a London
Workhouse.
LONDON, Dec. 21. — The Marchioness of Donegal will eat her
Christmas dinner in a London workhouse. 111, miserably clad and
apparently in destitution, she applied yesterday for admittance to
il..- Dreat Northern Hospital, from which place she was removed to
the Islington Workhouse infirmary. She explained that she was
homeless and not willing to communicate with her wealthy friends
or with her husband, who is suffering from pneumonia.
The story of the life of the Marchioness is painful. She left her
husband in 1873 and in 1889 instituted separation proceedings, to
which counter-charges of misconduct were made. Unsavory details
of their conjugal life were bandied about. The Marchioness failed to
obtain alimony and has since received assistance from her friends.
She was last heard of in May of the present year, when she broke
her leg in a hotel elevator and was taken to a hospital.
The Marquis has had a troubled financial career. He was de
clared a bankrupt in 1889, with liabilities estimated at £519,000. He
then said he considered he was justified in raising a half-million of
money, in view of the fact that he had prospects of succeeding to an
estate and £500,000 a year. But owing to the entail he only succeeded
to £ISO a year. He was mixed up in financial floatation this year,
when he lent his name to a company prospectus which caused the
Star to criticize his as "a peer with a record of disgracing the order
to which he belonged."
AMERICAN
CITIZENS ALL
Hawaiian Citizenship the
Requirement.
LAWS FOR NEW TERRITORY
AMERICAN REGISTRY TO BE
GIVEN TO VESSELS.
This Means That the Islands Will Be
Looked Upon as Within
Coasting Trade
Limits.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The Senate '
Committee on Foreign Relations to-day
concluded its revision of the bills pro- ,
viding a territorial government for Ha
waii, and Senator Cullom reported the \
changes to the Senate. There were j
numerous changes, the most important i
I being as follows:
The section defining citizenship was
! amended by striking out the word i
"white" and also the explicit reference ;
to Portuguese, and left to read as fol- |
lows:
That all persons who were citiaens of
the r<*piiblic of Hawaii on August 21, IS9B,
are hereby declared to be citizens of the
United States.
The request of one-fifth of the mem- j
bers of the territorial House of Repre- j
sentatives is made sufficient to demand j
the ayes and noes, the original require
ment being one-third.
The provision in regard to the quali
i fications of territorial Senators is |
i changed so as to require that the Sena- j
! tor shall be a male citizen, 30 years of
age; that he shall have resided in the
Hawaiian Islands not less than three !
years, and that he "shall be qualified j
to vote for Senators."
The explicit property qualification is
stricken out. A like change is made j
in the provision regarding the mem
bers of the House, who are required to
be qualified by the changes to vote for
Representatives.
Section 43. allowing one house of tha
Legislature to legislate after the other
has adjourned, was stricken out, aa
was also the provision requiring that
each bill should receive the written ap
proval of three members before being
introduced. The provision authoriz
ing the territorial Supreme Court to
pass upon the qualifications of mem
bers of the Legislature was left as
recommended by the commission.
The Governor is required to send his
estimates for appropriations to the
Legislature as the whole and not to the
Senate alone, as originally required.
The following restriction on the issu
ance of bonds is inserted:
Nor shall any bonds or other instrument
of any indebtedness be issued unless made
redeemable in not more than five years
and payable in not more than fifteen
yean from the date of issue thereof.
The provision that no retroactive law
; shall be enacted is stricken out.
In the qualifications for voters for
i territorial Representatives, the word
i "understanding^" in the educational
j qualification is stricken out, requiring
simply that they "shall read, write and
speak the English or Hawaiian lan
guage**' No change is made In the
qualifications for voters for Senators.
The provision in regard to the regis
| tration of Hawaiian vessels was
I changed to read as follows:
That all vessels carrying Hawaiian reg-
Isters on the 12th of August, IS9B. shall be
: entitled to be registered as American ves
sels, with the benefits and privileges per
! taining thereto.
Section 103. in regard to the crown
i lands, was changed so as to eliminate
I the clause confirming all valid leases
j now In existence.
INDUSTRIOUS BURGLAR.
San Jose Police Baffled by a Midnight
Prowler.
RAN JOSE. Dec. 21. — An industrious
hurplar. with a brare and hit. is pirezlinp
the police force of this rity. In the last
week ho has entered seven places, and
yet Chief of Police Kidward and his of
ficers have been unable to obtain any
clew to his identity. Entrance to each
place was effected by borinp a number
of auper holes and removing: a small sec
tion of the door. L,ast nisht three build
ings were entered. They were the store of
K. v. Hum. 660 Delmaa avenue, and the
n sirtences of Fritz Rupert, corner San
Salvador and Minor avenues, and Dr
Qrimes, corner TVlmas and San Salvador
At the latter place a nickel clock was
taken.
This mysterious hur^lar is believed to
be either a maniac or an idiotic boy. In
the seven places entered the boot*
cured consists of $1. an ulster and a
nickel clock. In many case? money was
not touched. At the Pratt Immn a panel
was bored out of a screen door when the
wire could have been cut with a kuife in
a second.
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christinas stories in next Sunday's
Call. Read it.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
SCHOONER LOST
NEAR WRANGEL
Cold-Seekers Believed
to Have Perished.
TWELVE MEN IN THE PARTY
VESSEL FOUND BOTTOM UP BY
INDIANS.
"Soapy" Smith's Gang of Cutthroats
Convicted at Skaguay — New
Strikes in the Lake
Atliu Region.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 21.— The Rosa
lie arrived this morning, five days from
Skaguay, after a rough passage, with
the news that all the members of the
! "Soapy" Smith gang were convicted
but not sentenced when she left. In the
Fay murder case the jury disagreed.
The Rosalie reports the wr^ck of a
sloop which left Wrangel two weeks
i ago for Skaguay, with a party of twelve
I bound for Atlin. The schooner was
j found bottom up by Indians and It is
j feared that all have been lost.
Fred Smith of Victoria, just out from
Atlin, brings news of two more rich
gold bearing creeks discovered. The
new find has been christened Moose
and Goose creeks. He had both hands
frozen and nearly lost his life on the
way out.
He was thirty-eight hours without
food, and, with his hands and face
frcrzen, laid down to die when two
miles from a log cabin, but fortunately
he was found by customs men. George
Mills of London, who accompanied him,
was carried from the steamship to
town, he being helpless, with hands and
limbs frozen.
Mills made the journey from Teslin
and out by Atlin and Tagish.
News is brc-ught of the wreck of the
schooner Ohio of Victoria. Xo lives
were lost.
LOWER RATES ON FRUIT.
Growers Present a Petition to the
Railway Companies.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 21.— Forty fruit
growers assembled in the Chamber of
Commerce rooms to-day to consider the
possibility of securing lower freight rates
on citrus fruits. Many towns were rep
resented in the assemblage. J. A. Graves
Stated the object of the meeting and pre
sented a petition to the railroads setting
forth the need of lower rates on citrus
fruits. This was adopted. A committee
of three was appointed to circulate a peti
tiun and present it to the railroads.
COLONEL EDWARD S. BARRETT KILLED.
CONCORD, Mass., Dec. 21.— Colonel Edward S. Barrett, national presi
dent of the Sons of the American Revolution, was killed by falling from a
window of his home here to-day. He was about 60 years of ase.
WILL RATIFY THE
TREATY OF PEACE
This Action by Congress
Assured.
BRYAN ADVISES DEMOCRATS
URGES THAT THEY SUPPORT
THE MEASURE.
Question of Our Disposition of the
the Philippines and Cuba
Will Be Settled
Afterward.
Special Dippatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Clark Howell,
a member of the Democratic National
Committee from Georgia and editor of
the Atlanta Constitution, after consult
ing the leaders of both political parties
at Washington, telegraphed as follows
to his paper to-night:
With the adjournment of Congress for
the holidays the final decision of the
peace treaty is as clear as it will be after
a vote has been taken in the Senate, iwo
weeks ago the matter was in doubt; to
day it is as' certain that the treaty will
be ratified as it will be that it has been
after the vote has been taken.
Bryan has been in Washington for sev
ered days and has conferred frequently
and freely with the Democratic leaders
in both the Senate and the House. He
has advised ratification of the treaty, and
he is outspoken in the opinion that aside
from the Question of national obligation
it is a matter of party policy for the Dem
ocratic party to throw no obstacles in the
way.
There are members in both houses who
less than a week ago were in doubt about
ratifying the treaty; more than that,
some of them were outspoken in the opin
ion that it was, perhaps, better to reject
it. To-day many of these Democratic
leaders take the open position that thu
treaty should be ratified, and that it will
be no one who has studied the situation
from the inside can have any reasonable
doubt.
It must not\e understood that the rati
fication of the treaty will carry with it
the assumption that all those who vote
affirmatively are in favor of national ex
pansion across the Pacific. Of the Sena
tors who will vote in favor of the treaty
there will be Republicans as well as
Democrats who are opposed in principle
as well as in theory to the trans-oceanic
expansion of our national domain. They
take, however, and very properly, the
view that the question of expansion per
se is not involved in the consideration of
the peace treaty, and that after the
treaty has been" ratified with Spain and
has been eliminated as a factor in the
Philippine problem, it will be time enough
to consider the policy to be pursued in
dealing with the Philipnines, and just
here will come the real contest of the
qut'stion of expansion.
Mr. Howell then says that after the
treaty shall have been finally disposed
of a resolution will be introduced mak
ing a declaration of the proposed policy
of this Government in dealing with the
Philippines, and that this resolution
will be framed very much on the basis
of the Cuban resolution adopted coin
cident with the declaration of war, in
which it was declared that the policy
of this Government would be to give
the people of Cuba a free and independ
ent government of their own. Mr.
Howell further says:
The vote on this proposed resolution will
not be confined by any means to part
lines, and the outcome is in doubt. A
larp<- majority of the Democrats will vote
in favor of it, and a large majority of
the Republicans will vote against it, but
I the size df each minority is sufficiently
I involved in doubt as to render exceedingly
questionable the final action that will be
taken,on the resolution.
GREAT NORTHERN
WILL COME HERE
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 21.— The Herald
to-morrow will say: Positive assurance
has been received that the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, with all Its acces
sories and ramifications, has passed into
the hands of the Great Northern Rail
way Company. The object of the unex
pected business coup is to bring the Great
Northern system into the field as a com
petitor for California business.
Woodland Fraternal Functions.
WOODLAND. Dec. 21.— The Woodmen
of the World and the Knights and Ladies
of the Maccabees each guve an enter
tainment and banquet last evening. En
campment No. 71, I. O. O. F., initiated ten
new members and held a banquet this
evening.
Sonoma County Tobacco Culture.
QUERNEVILLEJ, Dec. 21.— The experi
ment of planting Havana tobacco in low
er Russian River was tried two years ago
by the Korbels and David Hetzel, and has
been kept up until this year's crop has
been cured. A large consignment was
sent to Florida last year for curing and
comparison with the Guerneville product.
Drying and sweating houses have been
built here and the profitable raising and
manufacture of Havana tobacco In West
ern Sonoma will be a regular Industry
hereafter. The yield this year in Rus
?ian River Valley is between three and
our tons.
DRIVING PILES FOR
THE TERMINAL WHARF
Work on the Monterey-Fresno Rail
road Is Now Under
Way.
SAUNAS, Dec. 21.— Work on the Monte
rey and Fresno Railroad was begun to
day, when a piledriver was set at work
driving piles for a 1450-foot wharf. Men
commenced getting houses for the occu
pancy of employes and the erection of
stable:; for teams. Grading will be started
in about ten days, when, it is supposed,
employment will be given a great number
of Idle men in this county. It is the in
tention of the contractors to hurry the
grading and follow with track laying, to
have the road ready for service next June.
NOT STEERING BY CHART.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— The board of in
quiry which is inv«\stigatng the accident
to the battleship Massachusetts to-day in
structed Chief Bowles to report to-mor
row on the damage to the vessel. Lieu
tenant Commander Schroeder and Pilot
Bell testified that the bridge of the ship
was so constructed that it was impossi
ble to navigate her with the best results.
Pilot Bell naid he was not steering by
chart or compass, but was using objects
on the shore. Lir-u tenant Potts, the nav
igating: officer, testified that the ship was
in the channel at the time and that he
believed she hit a movable object.
JOHN H. DOLE DEAD.
POMONA, Dec. 21.— John H. Dole, one
of the most prominent men in this part
of California, died last night, three hours
after an operation for appendicitis. He
had been ill but three days, and his case
was not believed to have been serious
until yesterday morning. Mr. Dole was
44 years of age. He has been the head of
the People's Bank of Pomona for eleven
years, and was high in Masonry and
prominent in Republican politics in the
Pomona Valley.
ROBBED A CHILDREN'S SAFE.
I SACRAMENTO, Dec. 21.— When Mr. and
; Mrs. Emil Kunz's first child was born
they began making a dally deposit of 10
' cents in a small safe bolted to the floor
| of their house and a year ago, when a
! second child was born, the daily deposit
was doubled. The money was to consti
tute a fund for their children's use. A
I few days ago it contained nearly $200.
| One evening when the family returned
I from a visit to a neighbor's the safe and
; money were gone. A young man who had
been given a home through charity dis
appeared at the same time and has not
I since been seen.
DR. KAGAN ARRAIGNED.
The case of Dr. Ragan, School Director,
charged by E. D. Stanton with soliciting
a bribe, was called in Judge Low's court
yesterday morning.
The defendant was represented by At
torneys Reel B. Terry, J. J. Dwyer and
Andrew Clunie. The complaining wit
ness was conspicuous by his absence.
The defendant was arraigned and in
structed, and Attorney Terry answered
that the defense was ready to proceed.
Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds asked for
a continuance, and by consent the hear
ing was postponed till to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock.
JOSSELYN WAS POISONED.
Dr. C. L. Morgan, chemist at the
Morgue, yesterday completed his analysis
of the contents of the stomach of Lock
wood H. Josselyn, who was found dead
in his bath tub a few days ago.
Enough cyanide of potassium was found
in the dead man's stomach to have killed
two men.
Josselyn was interred yesterday with
military honors. A squad of soldiers de
tailed from the Presidio accompanied the
body to the grave. Relatives and friends
of the deceased attended the funeral,
which was an imposing one
The Original Little Louisiana Co. o? San
Francisco— Drwwinii Dec 17, 1898.
No. 2f),32G wins 17500, Bold in Ran Francisco,
Cal.i No. 61,580 wins $2fi'.xj, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.; Ho. 8690 wins $1000, Bold in San
Francisco Cal.; No. 68,769 wins $500, sold in
Pan Francisco, Cal.: Nos. 1u.432 and 49.44U
eac+i win $250. sold In San Francis-.,, Cal.; Nob.
11,754, 27.5fi7, 25.T73, 31,291 and 51,203 each win
$100, sold in San Francisco, CaL, and Stockton,
CaL Prizes cashed at 35 Xew Montgomery
street, San Francisco. Cal. •
CAPITAL PRIZES
Of the Original Little Honduras Company
of San Francisco, Cal.
No. 2fi,32*> draws first capital prize, $3750; No.
61,580 draws Kcond capital prize. $1000; No.
3fiW draws third capital prize, $500; No. 68,7~.9
draw fourth capital prize, $250; Nob. 10,432
and 49,449 each draw $125; Noa. 11,754, 27,807,
28,178, 31.291 and 51,103, $50.
All prizes cashed in full without discount at
room 617, 328 Montgomery street, San Fran
cisco, Cal. *
Charles A. Burns Dead.
SALINAS, Dec. 21.— diaries A. Burns,
a California pioneer, died at his daugh
ter's home near Metz this afternoon. He
was born in Missouri sixty-seven years !
ago, and came to this State in 1849, and
for nearly forty years has been a resi
dent of this valley. He kept ihe first ho
tel in Salinas thirty-one years ago, and
also one at Burns station, on the old Los
Angeles Stage road. His wife wa3 the
first teacher in the Salinas Valley.
To Raise the Reina Mercedes.
NEW YORK, Deo. 21.— The Merritt &
Chapman Co. has made a contract with
the Government for the raising of the
Spanish warship Reina Mercedes. At the
company's oflico in this city the firm de
clined to discuss the contract further
than to say that one" was signed.
WEAK BACK;
CONSTIPATION
EMISSIONS
LOST MANHOOD
TWITCHING NERVES
it i €ll
.■ Cured by the Hudyan Remedy
Treatment. You know when
you are cured because you Seel
as young and as Joyful as in
the days of your early youth.
Why don't you get strong
and "big?
Consult the Hudson doctors
free, or write for Circulars
;•'.. and. Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.
. -■ - - - . ■.....*■
LIST OF PRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number Class "M," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, December 17, 1898.
The Honduras National Lottery has no daily
drawing, and is not connected with any daily
drawing. .
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
81 40 85 16 217 16
259 16 297 40' 353 40
441.:..;... 24 534 24 1 535 40
617 16 762 80! 924 IS
926... 24 1259 40 1260 16
1310 16 1370 40 1899 24
1421 24 1534 16 1645 40
1887 16 8057 24 2134 16
2275 24 2278 40 2596-.-. 16
2600 SO 2615 24 3(28 40
2674 24 2787 16 2794 16
2509.. ...... 16 2546 40; 2926. 24
3065 40 3198 .16 i 3203 24
3379 16 3445........ 80 3462 16
3522 120 1 3554 80 3569 16
3652 120! 3690 4000 3776 80
3864 21 3917 16 3934 40
4110 40 4194 40 4297.. 16
4442 40 4356 40 4643 16
4647 16; 4753 16 4800 24
4944 16 1 4947 16 j 5117.. 16
5400 24 5481 16 5617 SO
5879 4011978 16 8828 16
6242 40 j 6244 24 6288 40
6378 40 6730 24 6561 16
6968.. 16 .7004 16 7047 24
7252 24 7390 40 7405 24
7557 ■ 16 7662 24 7883 24
8065 16 8090 *« 8171 40
8172 24 8263 16 8311 40
8435 40 8471 24 8556 40
8595 16 SS9S 16 8660 40
8718 24 8785 16 8939 24
9152 24 9189 24 : 9241: 16
9264 24)9286 40 9350 40
9374 16 ! 9382 ....... 16 0451 16
9500... 16 9615 16 9624 16
9635 16 9633 16 9661 16.
9682 16 9785 16, 9807 16
9526 16 9902 24 9939 24
10100 16 10124 40 10369 24
10429 40 10432 1000 10452 16
10601 120 10708 80110768 16
10844 24 10935 40 11114 21
11484 24111754 40011818 40
11839 24 11903 16 12010 16
12034 -120 12075 24 12336 80
12453 16 12457 12012717 120
12858 lfi|l2BB2 16 12918 16
13048 80 13131 16 13327 16
13488 24 13807 40 14083 16
14166 80 14200 16 14208 24
14434 24 14474 16J14513 24
14696 14620 24 14767 It
14864 24 14855 16 14917 16
1516?. 1616184 40115239 16
15368 16 15430........ 40 15472 16
15659 16 16053 16 16108 !•>
16212 1616236 40 1624H 24
16273 16 16325 40 16524 40
16571 .... 40 16590 40(16661........ 80
16760 24 ' 16880 24 16909 16
16083 40 17150 .*' 24 17152 40
17240 .... 16 17299 ...80 17342 ..-24
17385""" 40 17S18 18 17930 40
17990 24 18223 40 18297 80
IS3IO 4018318 16 15332 80
15377 16 18566 16 18639 40
18663 16 18891 .16 15797 24
18815 8418821 so ivy> 16
19009 16 19021 80 19042 24
19101 "X-:- 40 19174........ 16 19467 40
19483 • 1619612 80 19753.. 40
19777!.::!!.! 8419806 16i19854, 16
20031 16120130 16 20467. 16
20536..; 41 20869 24 20731 16
20541 ';;.'.... 24 20834 8020944 24
20976:.::.::: 40121008 24121041 80
' 21061 16121455 16121483 16
21709 ■■ 4001885 40,21929 16.
21932 16122014 40122024 16
22027:: 24 22054... V...; 24:22175 40 i
22258 8022492 4022561. 24
22579": 1622595 80 22719 24
22870 40 22980 16 22994 16
23035 : 40 23139 16 23161 16
53173": 16123898 16 23453 16
23491 80123537 40.23669 16
23743 24123764 .161.23797 16
23955 .... 24123982 24123991 80
24io3::::::.. 120124106 1624193 40
24700 If, 24798 24124822 24
24857 . 1624858 24!24556........ .16
24933 .... 16125067 24 25091 80
25114 24125124 40 25348 16
25554::::.::: 24125642 40'23g53 16
25829 80.25835 120!25'.t02 16
26001 .... 40J26294 40,26326... 30000
26420 ... 16126574... 24126659 16 ,
26693 16128759 24 26779 16
26809 24)26974 2427035 24
27043.. .... 10 27135 24127208 40 I
27334 16 274:17 16 27*.; 16
27649 40 27695.::!!::-: 40127746 16
27768 4027864 80127867 400
28092 2428146 24 28156 16
28166 TV 2428178 400128425 40
....... 16129155 24 29180 ....... 40
•29248..:...:. 24 29262... 120126350 16
*,;->■ -24 29497 40129560.. ,• 24
$673 *::: ' 12029715......... 40)29718.. :...■.-.-- 24
29720. - .. 29725.. ....%." 16:29555........ 40
298 — .. 40! ■ ■ -i • .
80055 ".::: 30179 24|30253 24
30292 ... 16 30327 ..' 16130511 16
30540:::!:... 1ti!30r,66 • 16130710.. ...... 16
30717 16130736 2430784 16 j
30844 24 30898 16131199..- 16
51209 24131291 400:31303 16
31367:::::::: 2431398 16:31105 24
31448 .. 24131458........ 24131554 16
31583 ... 16 31681 ...... 16131713.. 24 j
32120 .... 24 32207........ 16132264 40
32259- 16 82366 40(32397 21
32662 .... 16 32744 24132758 16
32574:. ...... 12032976 24133135 ?4
33314 ...'.... 16 33316 337-12 21 i
83815 16 33874 16133993 16
34153' 40134162 80 34288 16
34321 .... 16134363 40 3435S 16 I
i 34424 .... 80 34506 16 34643.. 16
! 34574 120 84832 80185009 -'4 |
35269 120; 35289 ...... 16 35451 120 |
35312 16 35670 16 35757........ 16 1
36044 . 16136053 24 36.170 24 \
36119 8036197 24,36262 80 |
3«314 40|oojS8 80 36410 SO '■
86476::".!!! 80 36317 24 36:,68 40
36612 16 36635 24 36839 24
36925:.::.::: 2437015 16 87188 24
37538 80 87575 40 37888 24
37970........ 2435448 8088597 24
58640 .. 16139151... 16189226 40
393 r .4 ... . 16 39436 1639168 80
39459 .... 40:39472 40 39492 24
39627 16 39659 16 39810 24
33853 16 39976 40
40011.-. 40099 24 40108 120
40*13 .... 24 40247 80 40401 16
40471 .. . 16 40547 16 40663... 40
: 40735 24 40740 16 40797 24 |.
40960! 8040992 16 41030 16
41047 2441182 40 41402 16
41574 40 41626 16 41651 16
41880 24 42007 40 1 42055........ 16
42076 16 42163 16 42263.. 16
42344 40 42445 24 42344 16
42595 24 42597 24 42819 16
42831 16 42944 40 42953... . 24
42974 24 43038..: 16 43097 16
43257 16 43483....:... 24 43647 24
43688 24 43742........ -40 43806 24 .
43900 16 44007........ 16 44063 24 I
44103 40 44148 120 44246 16
44264 24 44378 24 44469 16
44512 16 44567........ 16 44580 80
44628 24 44649 16144683 40
44754 16 44764 4044866 16
44928 24 45046 16 45117 16 I
45142 24 45237...' " 16,43331.. 24 1
45604 24.45687 24 45736.......: SI 1
45749 16 45982 16 46033..: 16 '
46164 16 46229 24 46345..' 24
46381... 80 46405 16 46512 16
46593 16 46633 .16 46674 16
46700 16 46733....:... 16147020 120
47287 ■ •■24 47306 1648371 40
47409 16 47435 24 47545.. 80
47686 -24 47601 24147701 16
47717 16 47941 16; 47968 24
45009 1648079.. 24145116 16
48254 16 48290......:..- 16 45516:....... . 80
48581 '.. 40 48687 ;. 80 45505..-.:..-.. . M
48887 SO 48919. .....:> 16 49160:....... 40
49861 -' 4049449...' 1000 49461......:. ' . 40 1
49488 16 49502..'.; '- 16 49527......... 15
49681 . 24 49632 24149740 24
49885 . 1649868 ...... T" 16 49579 21
49915 16U9952.. '...... 24 ; • -
60053 ' '16150147.../....' "16,50304:..:;... SO
60641 16 50730. ,..;...',24!00744 16
60968 16 51042...:.... 24 51176 . 24
51199 16J51203 400 51216.......: 40
51331 16 51407 16151408 16
51493 16 51537 24 51569. 21
51791 8061858 80 51885 16
C 1999 52088........ 2452104 16
C 2106 ..'.*.;.'.. 4052117 24:52169..:. '." 16
!!:::::::: 2452326 IS:::::::: IB
52460 30 526K 24 fesis::""".: it;
E2523". 1652838 24 52563 24
52868 24 52965 40 52966 . 16
EMM 2468896 f. E0 53477....... 16
63510.; 16 63162 40 63638........ 16
53707 24 53715 16 53850 " 80
53936 24 54016 : 16 54173 16
54303 4054353 16 54413... 16
54472 16 54625 120 54750 " 24
54794 40 54841 40 54610 /M "v) 16
5^J3 16 54930 16 64968"::::: 40
;'.;,■; 1666097 16 55100 10
55121........ 16 55138 24 55341...... 16
SS»" " "J55572... 1655612 16
«w73S 24155966.. ■ 16 5.V173 !>r
fl?"?" i6j06268... 16 56521:::;:::: %
•rl[:,l• r 1[:,l 24 56846 16:56969 16
X::::::: 57062....;... •16 57206 S
5.246... 24 57320... * 24 57401 1R
X-::::: « E™ fiSiiE
fNU? ::: 16 55067.. ....... .18 58225 16
Uli 8068581 4058607 SI
H|l ass? ii-isps ;;• ie
21 9147 165 .', t • 91
«bm sosMtt":::::: so
II HI 40 60361 i M
sii =11 40160676 80
£::::::! pg lisp
--:::::: fflft ?! :::::::: 1
6H72 16 61491.... 16161494 A
g* ...... ,«&:::::: !SSS::::::::'i
gfiSK:::::.:: Sffig:!:::::: S
■«'" -296 2462339.... Jo
1111111 l
63457........ 16 63537... ;....■ 16.63680..... 15
gs» 161.63345.... -...;- 40 64019...... Jg
«2IS-::v .'•; 16 64099 64135.. V 15
l\f£ 16 64463.V...;-.;- 80 64602. •{ •-«
"833 -80164961 16i«M3.... ...'. l\
LIST OF PRIZES.
No Prize. |No. Prize. I No. Prize.
• 65041 1665096 120 65163 80
€5420.-. 40,66539 24,65573 40
65516 1665855 ' 40 63905 18
66798 24 66841 80 66853 40
66890 120 66907 16 67001 16
67025... 80 67032 40 67282 40
6751S 16 67529 16 67609 16
67683 ...?. ... 24 : 67757 40 67790 120
67792.":::::: 4068144 16 68149 16
65377 3468547 24 ' 68556 +)
68566 • 2468722 120 68740 24
68759...:.... 2000 68824 16 «8996 *•)
69067 16 6916S 40 6933 a 16
69541 69603 24 69647 16
69631 4069753 24 69791 40
63sos:::::.:: 24 09519 1669860 2*
16
70009::::::::- w 70027 1670148 40
70191 :.. 1670335 40 70511 40
70525........ 8070641 24 70838 24
70895 1670982 16 71002 24
7i051:::..... 24171187 16 71238 40
71343 E fflS:::::::: ite::= 1.6
71688.. ..»-... • 40 71773 16 72002.. 16
72014 40 72027 40 72090 24
72103 40 72197 80 72217 16
72219 ....... 16 72499 16 72..M 16
S::::::: 8473615 i «"-:::::::: 80
7X021 24173308 16 734 M 24
S::::::: J^it::::::: 24 J»77 |
73579 1*473880 40 73916 ♦)
73957 40 74207 16 74286 80
74348 16 74352 52 74355 18
74433 24 74519 ... 16 74791 16
75056.. ...... mSSm::::::.: 16 7546!) 16
73506 24 75524 16 75565 IS
75625 16176888 24,75946 24
76001 16 76250 1 76370 40
76431 76452 24|764!<6 B'>
76801 34 71786 16|76759 J2
76792 24 76976 16;77035 40
77138 16177364 24177350........ 24
77508 16 77515 16,77565 24
77612 16 77667 24 77686 16
77687 16 77716 16 77729 16
77749 M 77800 16177815 18
77899 24 77963 24 77982 IS
78804 40 78325 16 78376 40
78375 78476 24 78646 24
75612 8478661 SO 75668 40
78670 2475911 24 78923 99
75865 16175952 16179013 40
73041 24 79065 16179061 16
79156.. 16 79201 16 79256 24
79310 40 79391 24179405 24
79532 16 79550 79566 4'>
79676 8079738 16 79781 16
79845 . 1679888 16179986 21
80263 1680514 16|80547 80
80613 16 80764 40j50575 SO
80S!rt» 40180340 16181007 16
81048 2415U28 120 SI 16
81985 4081988 24:82084 40
8221-2 16 82386 16 82370 40
82386 24J52495 40 82502 24,
52579 16J82655 24 82702 15
82»2fl 8052985 80 83063 16
53154 24 83221 1683258 16
83311 16 83340 16 53357.. 40
83397 4083398 2483466 80
5359S 16183822 16 83894 16
83927 40 83982 16 84001 IS
84020 . .. 24)84112 24.84180 IS
84197 40 84211. ■ 1684349 IS
84460 16 ! 54468 24184670.. IS
£4682 16154725 24|84755 18
84825 1684396 24 86321 80
85428 16 85446 16 85498 16
86535 1685603 24186706 1«
85747... 80185819 24:85959 IS
85971 16 86025 16 86076 IS
86169 40188488 80 86628 SO
86688 2486767 16187091 24
87105 16 87152: 16187214 40
87225 40 57310 40)87326 IS
87436 40 87444.. 16|87512  16
87522 80 87951 24 88052 16
88103 24188148 24 88222 24
88305 1688386 16188507 40
88547........ 120188551 40J5872S 18
88748 1688754 16 88856 24
88873 2488885 18188982 24
89159 80 89321 ' 1618933S 16
89515 16 89714 16189590 18
90313 4090326 24190414 16
90418 16,90444 40 90546 -.. 24
90556 24J90688 24 90803 80
! 90825 16191108 12091364 16
91882 4091486 24 91618 16
91628 24|91594 16 92006 80
92864 80 : 92066 16 92073 24
92136 24 92248 16192436 24
' 92505 1692507 24 92524 16
92568 1698679 16 92681 16
92813 80 92847 24 92897 24
93125 24193143 14|93238 24
93275 16:93404 40 93600 24
93708 24 93896 24 94030 40
. 94053 8094102 24194243 40
94248 1694525 16194662 16
.94678 16J9506S 95157 :. 18
1 95228 16 ] 95341 16195540 16
95621 24|95738 16195954 IS
96018 16196021 40196031 24
96058 4096231 24196466 24
96535 1696720 50:98785 24
, P6:.29 8096974 40 97236 24
97343 24197408 97506 24
; 97547 24)9756S 1fi. 97629 24
97661 .. 16197739 24197861 IS
97945 16:9*030 ...... 40198081 80
98111 84198169 40198266 80
95303. ....... 2498344 24 1*345 16
%476 1698535 40|98583 18
98587 34198694 16 98730 40
98753 40198783........ 24|95501 16
98813 . 16 99021 16199041 16
99126 16 99290 16199337 .'. 40
99426 24 9942' 24 99442 16
.99489 SO 99 :.n7 16 93510 24
99652........ 24199723 40199863 16
99941 .;.. 16199944........ 16 99957 40
• APPROXIMATION' PRIZES." ; <V^
100 numbers from 20.276 to 26.376 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000— 540.
100 numbers from 61.530 to 61,630 inclusive, be-
: ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $8000— 524.
100 numbers from 3640 to 3740 Inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000— $16. ■-;--:
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
993 numbers ending with 26, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
. prize of $30.000— 58.
999 numbers ending with SO, being the two
: last figures of the number drawing the second,
: capital prize of $8000— $8.
'• The subscriber, having supervised the single
I number drawing. Class "M." Honduras Na-
j tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
I the above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel with,
1 the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness- my hand at Puerto Cortez, Hon-
duras, C. A., this Saturday. Dec. 17, 1898.
W. 3. CABELL., Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $1, ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI-
TAL PRIZE.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco — ss. :': ' •■
Win. H. H. Young, being first duly sworn,
deposes and says that he was the bona flue
holder of one-half ticket No. 83,983 of the Hon-
duras National Lottery Company of Puerto
Cortez, Honduras, which drew the first capital
prize of thirty thousand dollars, and I, th»
affiant, do hereby acknowledge the receipt
, from said Lottery Company of the sum of fif-
teen thousand dollars ($15,000) in payment of
said ticket. \VM. H. H. YOUNG.
Witness: A. K. DAGGETT. Notary Public,
14 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
On this 16th day of November, 189 S. personally
appeared William H. H. Young, the affiant,
and made oath to and acknowledgement of tha
above affidavit and receipt respectively.
A. K. DAGGETT.
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
$4000 FOR $1; ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI-
TAL PRIZE.
State of Illinois, County of Peoria —
Joseph Holzinger, being duly sworn, deposes
and says that he resides at No. 609 Hurlburt
street, Peoria, 111., and that he is the bona
fide purchaser and owner of one-half ticket
No. 4772. class L, Honduras National Lottery
Company of Puerto Cortez, Honduras, which
drew the second capital prize of eight thousand
dollars, drawing of November 12 1898.
■ . JOSEPH HOLZINGER.
- Signed in my presence and sworn to before
me this 21st day of November, A. D. 1898.
HENRY MANSFIELD. Notary Public
Originals of foregoing affidavits held by pres-
ident of Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery Company).
Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
WEEKLTCALL
o/ It Publishoi the Cream of th&
gj News or the Week and
cJ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THB
o( PACIFIC COAST
■3 The Best \ Mining
"V Telegraphic \X New- That
«=V Service on /\ | s Accurate
ol The Coast / up to date
_
cX Not a Line of it Sensational
©4 or Faky,and Not a Line of
cJ it Dry or , Uninteresting.
©C ■ Bright, Clean, A Champ •)
;; Q J' Thoughtful. ruth.
cJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
,J ALL THE TIME.
3 JT ADVOCATES \ "TsENT BY
J HOME , MAIL, $1.90
9{ INDUSTRIES ] A UAfcLIEUT. HOBSON ON
PATRIOTIC KISSING
Hero of Many Oscillatory Ex
ploits Utters a Defiance to
His Critics.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— A Denver special to the Herald says:
I-ieutenant Hohson paid tr>-day in regard to the criticisms that have
been passed upon his kissing exploits:
"My critics, I fear, are not patriotic. I have kissed a large num
ber of women, mostly young school girls, who have thus expressed
their patriotism. It was simply a matter of enthusiasm that found
vent that way. It was not a tribute to Hobson, the man, but to
Hnhsnn, the navy's representative. Any man— any young man, at
least— in my position, would have done just as I have done. The
women and girls are not at all to blame in the premises. If there is
criticism to be made the responsibility is entirely mine and I'm per
fectly willing to assume it.
"The recent scenes may not appear well in the cold light of press
statements, but in a patriotic throng there is always an intensity
of feeling, among the women especially, and their patriotism found
expression in this manner, which is entirely agreeable to me. I
have nothing to apologize for and yet 1 regret deeply the bitterness
of tho criticisms that have been Dassed on my actions.'"
Lieutenant Hobson was the guest of the city of Denver to-day.
He arrived from Kansas City at 4 o'clock this morning, but remained
in his sk-tper until 8 o'clock, when he was met by a committee of
the Sons of the Revolution and escorted to the Brown Palace Hotel,
whore breakfast was served. He was heartily cheered by hundreds
of people who had assembled at the hotel to give him a welcome.
At 3 o'clock a reception was Riven in the rotunda of the Bron-n
Palace Hotel, attended by not less than 2000 people. There was no
kissing. The cop aittee having the affair in charge had decided that
this feature of Lieutenant Hohson's receptions in the East should oe
omitted hero, and the gallant officer heartily seconded the decision.
Arrangements were made to prevent the success of any attempts by
enthusiastic damsels, but they were unnecessary. Though more
than a thousand women were present to greet Hobson, not one of
fered to kiss him.
At 5 o'clock he delivered his lecture at the Tabor Opera House
and at 6:45 boarded the Union Pacific train for San Francisco.
LACK OF QUORUM
SAVES PROCTOR
Senate Opposed to His
Resolution.
NO JUNKET TO THE ISLANDS
TEST VOTE SHOWS BUT EIGHT IN
FAVOR.
Passage of Morgan's Resolution for
an Inquiry Into Efforts to Ob
struct Nicaragua Canal
Construction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VTASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The ab
pence of a quorum of the Senate to-day
saved Senator Proctor's resolution, pro
viding for the appointment for the com
mittee of Senators to investigate the
conditions in Cuba and Porto Rico dur
ing the approaching long session of Con
gress, from a decisive defeat. An ef
fort was made by Daniel of Virginia
to 'obtain consideration for the resolu
tion, but his motion mustered only
eight of the thirty-eight votes cast.
No business of importance was dis
posed of at to-day's session. Only
some routine business, including the
passage of a few private pension bills,
was transacted.
The President sent to the Senate a
large number of recess nominations of
T'lstmasuers and army appointments.
itor Morgan secured the passage
by the Senate of a resolution authoriz
ing the Nk-araguan Canal Committee
to investigate the alleged efforts to ob
struct the construction of the Nlcarag
uan canal. The resolution follows:
That the Committee on Construction of
the Nicaragua canal is authorized to sit
ADVERTISEMENTS.
00000000000000000000000000000000000
o c
I Are You the Man You Should Be ? i
<-' Do you realize that you are not the man you should be at your age? ®
j Do you find your strength failing you, exposing the great drain that has O
O been sapping the very life and ambition out of you? Does this knowledge Q
" mar your life? Then it is time for you to look seriously to your health. e\
° You Deed such a remedy as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt., from which you "
C can absorb new strength and vitality. It is a grand remedy for any one ©
O who is weak in vitality, from whatever cause. O
g WEAKNESS CURED IN SIX WEEKS. 9
® DR. SANDEN— Dew Sir: Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and lam proud to ?
O say that It has helped me wonderfully. My back doesn't bother me, and the varicose ©
r% veins are hardly noticeable. The drains have almost stopped. lam much Improved Q
!l and am glad to say the rupture is one-third the size It was before using the Belt, -v
O The Belt has done all you claimed for it. I remain yours truly, t?
q J. W. RICHARDS. Virginia City. Nev. Q
% DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. %
O To men who are weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is worth its weight ®
O in gold. It gives new life to the weak nerves and restores the most pre- O
O cious element of manly power. If you are weak call and see Dr. Sanden Q
q or send for his book. q
O READ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." O
O This is a grand book, written by Dr. Sanden for weak men, and all O
Q men suffering from the failure of vitality in any organ of the body. It O
£ is full of joyo-us news to weak men. It Is free. Try Dr. Sanden's Electric q
(I Belt if you are weak. Call or address . -.
° DR. A. X. SANDEN, *~ ~* O
O m Market Street, Corner Kearay. Ban Traiieiseo. KOT IN DRUG STORES. °
S Office hours, Sa.m. to p. m. : Sundays. 10 __ Sanden'.; _ , Belt "
O to l Branches Portland. Or.. 253 Waahlhston Is never sold Electric stores "
il Second street; Portlxn.l. Or., B3 Washington l« never sold in druc stores ** ,
O street- Denver Colo.. 631 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only O
O Dallas. Tex., 255 Main street; Butte. Mont., at our office. •
_ 110 North Main strtet. *— : ♦ _
oo oooooooooooooooooocooooooo
In the recess of the Senate, or when the
Senate is in session, and to send for per
sona and papers and administer oath to
witnesses and examine them touching any
agreements or combinations of any per
sona or corporations in reference to the
proposed ''anal through the republic of
Nicaragua, entered into for the purpose
of defeating or controlling the construc
tion of such a fanal for the personal emol
uments or advantage of such person or
for the benefit of such corporations.
Brief Session of the House.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The last
session of the House before the holiday
recess lasted but an hour. The Bailey
resolution directing an investigation of
the right of the members who volun
teered in the Spanish-American war to
seats in the House was adopted and
several bills of minor importance were
passed.
Christmas Magic, by Professor
Hoffman, in next Sunday's Call.
INTERESTS TH.E COAST.
Redstone's Claim Against the Gov-
ernment to Be Paid.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— The House
to-day passed Representative Barlow's bill
appropriating $1800 to pay Albert E. Red
stone for the loss sustained by him in
the incorporation of his pre-emption
claim within the limits of the Sierra for
est reserve In Tulare County. California.
Redstone has been a familiar figure In
Washington for the past few years, and
Is well known in San Francisco, -where
he ran as an Independent candidate for
Congress in 18S8. lie came to Washington
as the advance agent of Coxey's army.
California Postmasters were appointed
to-day as follows: W. A. Turner, at
Guerneville, Sonoma County, vice M. I>.
I'ngewitter, removal; L. M. Bullis, at
Tropk a, Los Angeh-s County, vice N. Jay,
resigned.
Joseph McDonald of California has been
reinstated in his former position in the
Pension Office.
Miss Bertha Moores of Oregon has been
appointed copyist in the geological sur
vey.
Pensions for Calif ornians: Original-
Thomas Meeney. Covina, $6; John Picken
San Diego. $6; Benjamin F. Thomas, Hol
llster, $6. Increase — George Eyrick, Oak
land. $C to $10. Reissue— Special. December
13, William Nibel. San Francisco, $8.
Original widows, etc.— Minor of Eugene
F. Starkey, Los Angele«, JlO.
Oregon: Original— David R. Stevens,
Olalla, J6. Original widows, etc.— Special
December 13. minors of Elisha W. Whip
pie. Eugene. $16.
Washington: Original— Ellis Scouten
Orting, $0. Increase— George T. Ireland
ancouver, $6 to $12. Mexican war wid
ows—Mary Chi Ids, Vancouver $8
THE SA2* FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
PUGILIST BRANNAN'S WOUND PROVES FATAL'
CARSON CITY, Nev., Dec. 21.— Matthew Brannan, the local pugilist who
was shot by James Moss several days ago as the result of a quarrel over
a woman, died this morning. A Coroner's jury to-day returned a verdict
that Brannan came to his death at the hands of Moss. It Is said the
attorneys for the latter have a statement made by Brannan before his
death, exonerating Moss from all blame.
TELLTALE RECORDS
WERE DESTROYED
Sensation in Standard
Oil Investigation.
RABBI DARMSTETTER'S STOKY
OVERHEARD TEAMSTERS BOAST
OF AN EXPLOIT.
Showed a Roll of Bills and Said
They Had Burned : Num
ber of Boxes Con
taining Books.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 21. — Develop
ments of a sensational nature in the
I Standard Oil investigation came to
i light to-day when Attorney General
Munnett began taking depositions for
i the purpose of pro-ving that the Stand
, ard Oil Company, Just previous to the
j issue of the Supreme Court writ order
ing that the books of the company be
: produced in court, had destroyed a large
number of them.
The taking of depositions to prove
; Attorney General Monnett's allegations
was commenced before Harry O. Mason
to-day. The most important witness
: produced was John Darmstetter, rabbi
of a Bohemian church. Rabbi Darm
stetter testified that one evening three
; or four weeks ago he went into the
■ saloon of E. H. Pollock to see Pollock,
; who is an official of his church. He
j said that at the time Pollock was wait-
Ing upon several Bohemian laborers,
; who- were employes of the Standard Oil
Company, and he sat down until the
: saloon-keeper got through with his cus
tomers. Rabbi Darmstetter said that
[ one of the men in the saloon was quite
hilarious and was asked:
"Why are you fellows doing so much
treating?"
Two of the men then engaged in a
conversation, and, "flashing" a roll of
bills, said that they had got some good
stuff working overtime. One of them,
who was a teamster, said that he and
another teamster had loaded up a lot
of books at the Euclid-avenue office of
the Standard Oil Company and taken
them to the company's furnaces, where
they were burned.
Attorney General Monnett secured
I the residence and name of one of the
drivers, and when a constable went to
! subpena him to-day the man declared:
! '"My job is gone if I have to testify."
Another teamster of the Standard Oil
! Company, when informed that he would
i probably be called upon to testify, is
; reported to have said:
"They can't catch me. What we took
! were boxes, and I can't tell what they
I contained."
Edward O'Hearn, a teamster in the
employ of the Standard Oil Company,
| was found and placed on the witness
'■ stand. He testified that on the Satur
day before Thanksgiving day he was
' ordered to go to the office of the com
' pany on Euclid avenue and carry some
I boxes from there to the company's
warehouse on Independence street. He
said he got the boxes and delivered
them as ordered. He did not know the
i names of the employes who turned the
; boxes over to him nor those in the
| warehouse. He declared he did not
: know what was in the boxes and denied
having made the declaration in a sa
loon that they contained books.
Gifts for My Ladie.
The elaborate effects seen this year
in ladies' purses excel all previous, ef
forts in this line. Cooper & Co., the
art stationers on Market street, have
imported for the holidays a large va
riety of fashionable leathers, with
mountings, from the simplest to the
most gorgeous. For presentation noth
ing is more acceptable for Christmas. *
Woodland Institute.
WOODLAND, Deo. 21.— The third day
of the Teachers' Institute has been an
interesting one. Dr. Bailey of Berkeley
and Professor George C. Thompson of
College City each lectured twic*>. The
institute will close to-morrow afternoon.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
cr without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
HEROIC ELEVATOR
BOY SAVES LIFE
Rescues Occupants of a
Burning Flat.
STAYS BRAVELY AT HIS POST
MAKES TEN TRIPS THROUGH
CHOKING SMOKE.
Evidence of Incendiarism in the
Destruction of a Large Apart
ment Building in South
Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— The Melrose
apartment building, the largest struc
ture of its kind on the south side of
the city, was almost completely de
stroyed by fire to-night, entailing a
loss that will exceed 5100,000.
Scores of occupants of the building
were saved from injury by the heroism
of Paul L. Fischer, the elevator boy
employed in the structure. Through
choking clouds of smoke and almost
unendurable heat, the boy made ten
trips with his car and carried those on
the upper Moons to places of safety.
Then, exhausted from his efforts, he
struggled out of the building and was
taken care of by those he had rescued.
"The first intimation of the fire,"
said E. M. Roberts, one of the tenants,
"was the smell of smoke. I ran to the
fourth floor with Mr. Wells and found
a fire in the sitting room of a vacant
flat. Straw and wood were burning.
Mr. Wells and myself put out the
flames, after which we returned to our
flat. On our way up we found flames
on the fifth floor, whore some wood
and hay were burned* in a vacant flat
on that floor. This was put out and
when we returned to our flat the flames
had reached it. I will report my ex
perience to the police to-morrow."
Dr. E. M. Rosecranz, the owner of the
building, mortgaged it some time ago
to the Northwestern Life Insurance
Company.
DUEL WITH REVOLVERS
ON A CROWDED STREET
Fatal Combat Near the Northwestern
- Railway Depot in
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— 1n the midst of the
crowds of pedestrians on Kenzie street,
close to the passenger depot of the North
western Railroad, to-night two men en
gaged in a duel with revolvers. One of
them was killed and the other probably
owes his life to the fact that his antag
onist's weapon contained an empty cart
ridge. Dennis E. Riley, a detective em
ployed by the Chicago and Northwestern
Railroad, was the victim of the encounter,
and his slayer Is Joseph A. Mayor of
Pleasant Plain, WlB.
The men had at one time been friends,
but lately had become estranged. An old
quarrel was renewed when they met on
the street to-night, and finally Riley drew
a revolver. Mayer then drew his weapon,
and the two men stood facing one another
with leveled revolvers. Crowds of people
scattered in alarm as they saw the flash
of the weapons, and Mayer and Riley had
full possession of the sidewalk.
The pause between the two men was
brief. Almost simultaneously they began
working the triggers of their revolvers.
Riley's weapon failed to act. but Mayer's
was discharged, and the bullet struck
his adversary above the heart. Mayor
then fired a second time and wounded
Riley over the left eye. The detective
dropped to>the sidewalk, while Mayer ad
vanced and r.tood over his body. He was
taken into custody without trouble.
We received seven cases of small panel
pictures last Monday night to retail
from 25c to 75c each. We have been
short on these for several days, but have
plenty for everybody now. Sanborn, \ ail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Prom Rain to a Gale.
WOODLAND, Dec. 21. — Instead of
showery weather to-day, as foretold by
the Weather Bureau, the north wind is
blowing a gale. Farmers and fruit grow
ers arc much discouraged on account of
this sudden and radical rhango in the
weather. The rain since Sunday amounted
to .S3 of an inch, making a total of 3.33 j
inches for the season. I
AGAIN GRIP
IS EPIDEMIC
Now Marching Down
the Ohio.
CASES BY THE THOUSAND
DISEASE IN MILDER FORM THIS
WINTER.
Still It Is So S«rious That Public
Institutions in the Larger
Cities Suffer Very
Severely.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 21.— 1t was
estimated by the health department to
day that there are 10,000 cases of grip
In this city. The ravages of the disease
have been so widespread that in many
cases business has been seriously im
peded. The public schools especially
have suffered, many of the teachers
having, been obliged to abandon their
duties owing to sickness. The state of
the weather which had been wet and
foggy for ten days past, is given as the
cause of the spread of the malady by
physicians. Grip this year has not
been so fatal, however, as it was dur
ing the famous epidemic of seven years
ago.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 21.— An epi
demic of grip has struck Columbus
and it is estimated that there are sev
eral thousand cases. Local physicians
i all report the malady prevalent in
their practice though not in as serious
form as the epidemic of 1891. Public
institutions are severely afflicted.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 21.— There are
two dozen cases of grip in the City
Hospital and about 100 cases in East
St. Louis. The number of reported
suspects is daily increasing. So general
have the cases become that the phy
sicians of the city agree that an epi
demic of grip Is at hand. No deaths
have been reported so far and the dis- |
ease exists in a comparatively milo. I
form.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 21.— The
grip, which seems to be prevalent in
some Ohio cities north of here, has
made its appearance in Cincinnati in a ',
very mild form and to a comparatively >
limited extent. Adults are rarely at- j
tacked. The disease shows a preference j
for male children. It is not attended i
by the usual sore throat and the fever
is so slight as to be barely noticeable.
It succumbs readily to simple treat
ment.
HALL CAINE'S OPINION
OF THIS COUNTRY 1
Impressions Formed During the
Novelist's Visit to the
United States.
LONDON, Dec. 21.— Hall Calnc, the
novelist and playwright, who returned
from the United States by the White
Star steamer Majestic, which reached
Liverpool on Tuesday, interviews himself
this morning In the Dally Telegraph to
the extent of four columns, giving hi»
personal Impressions of America.
Of American Journalism Mr. Caina
speaks highly, though he is "surprised
at the small and fleeting impression the
war has made on the minds and condi
tions of American people." He thinks
there is "no great life fn the controversy
on the expansion questions." He doubts
whether anybody "feels Keenly either
way."
Referring to the relations between
Great Britain and the United States he
says:
"I believe the feeling in America toward
England Is the same as it was three years
ago. There has not been such extraor
dinary change as is to be observed in
England. The feeling for Enelana is
deep and widespread, cut the English
traveler in America is made to feel that
we in En-land are much more enthusias
tic on the union of the Anglo-Saxon race
than our compatriots in America are yet
prepared to be."
Mr. Came discusses pleasantly and ad
miringly most of the American Institu
tions.
SENT TO AN ASYLUM.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— The Press to
: morrow will say: Victory Bateman. the
: actress, last night was placed in the in
sane pavilion of Bellevue Hospital by her
: mother, Mrs. John T. Burke. The young
. woman had been showing signs of a men
; tal breakdown for several days, and was
f 1 radually approaching the stage of mania,
ier symptoms were like those she ex
hibited in October last in Newark, and in
; November, when she was playing Roxana
in "Cyrano de Bergerac," in Chicago.
Mrs. Burke saw that the inevitable was
, coming, and last night took her away in
a carriage to the hospital, where she was
i put under observation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£'1 f^"**) There are many
A v*% thousands of wise wo-
■g^ll. . I l=\Lr men ' n t*" 9 country
ifflHll I r?£^K~> who, w hen they found
«= If' y-^yvd > that they were suffer-
I('*vt4 /0* n * fr° m weak-
1 ■-*52- I oS jjfw Aw ness or disease of
> C^zf? > j^~M /HI their distinctly
"^drf^^r^^Nv/w womanly organ-
TlfmS' _> "" //ivy III isms, promptly
gj^^^^"^ j/j (V/ikl wrote to an emi-
ft#^ /siMm Dent and skillful
1 '',* •— » J k£z3l physician, with a
"■', / 1 fTn world-wide repu-
•vi c /1 tation, instead of
\i J i J f/s\ \ trusting their
A S. £„ V jkA. I cases to some ob-
•A— "**Jj\<^*j \ ' scure physician
NN — Ts^<Z\" (7* with but limited
C_- *£.■*'' practice and ex-
— perience. There
are many reasons why a wise woman fol-
lows this course. The chances are that an
obscure physician of small practice will
not diagnose troubles of this nature prop-
erly. If he does, he will insist on the
obnoxious examinations and local treat-
ment from which every sensitive, modest
woman shrinks.
The specialist referred to is Dr. R. V.
Pierce, for thirty years chief consulting
physician to the invalids' Hotel and Surgi-
cal Institute, at Buffalo, N. Y. Thirty years
ago he discovered a wonderful medicine
for diseases peculiar to women, that may be
used effectively in the privacy of the home,
and does away with all necessity for exam-
inations and local treatment. This medi-
cine is known as Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription. It acts directly on the delicate
and important -organs concerned in wife-
hood and motherhood. It makes them
6trong, healthy and vigorous. It allays in-
v flammation, heals ulceration, soothes pain
and tones and builds up the nerves. Taken
during the period of prospective maternity,
it banishes the usual discomforts and
makes baby's coming easy and almost pain-
less. ■ It insures the little new-comer's
health and an ample supply of nourish-
ment. - Over ninety thousand women have
testified to its marvelous merits. Medicine
dealers sell it.
It is a druggist's business to give you, not
to tell you, what you want. :
Any ailing woman may write to Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. V., and get free advice.
By inclosing 21 one - cent stamps in her
letter, to ' cover cost of mailing only, she
may secure a paper-covered copy of the .
"People's Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser." Cloth bound, 31 stamp*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— ¥
HrNDSOMEHOUDAY GIFTS 1
FROM OUR, B
STYLISH CLOAK DEPARTMENT, i
I
a
We offer below a few suggestions to our patrons and the general public in |
search of acceptable Christmas Gifts. «We have, without doubt, the largest, most EJ
complete and choicest stock of Outer Garments to be had anywhere en the Pacific ■
Coast. A comparison of our prices and styles will convince all that we un- I
. ddubtedly sell the I
Best Goods at the Lowest Prices. B
LADIES' AND MISSES' JACKETS. 2
At ■
LADIES' TAN KERSET CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with silk, regular price _
$7 60, sale price $5 00 each. L]
At "$7.50. ■
LADIES' KERSET CLOTH JACKETS, in black, navy and tan. fly or double-breasted |
fronts, faced with silk, good value for $10 00, sale price $7 50 each. £J
At $10.00. a
LADIES' KERSET CLOTH JACKETS, fly or double-breasted fronts, lined throughout I
with silk, worth $13 00, sale price $10 00 each. j,
At $12.60.
LADIES' JACKETS, made of Kersey or covert cloth, in black and all the latest T
shades, fly or double-breasted fronts, lined throughout with silk, good value for $17 50, '
sale price $12 50 each. H
LADIES* CAPES, ■
.A-t $10.00. \
LADrES' FUR CAPES, made of French coney fur, storm collars, lined with satin, ■
worth $15 00, sale price $10 00 each. I
At $17.50. "
LADIES' BLACK ASTRAKHAN FUR CAPES, storm collars, lined with satin, good B
value for $23 00, sale price $17 50 each. |
At $85,00. °
LADIES' ELECTRIC SEAL FUR CAPES, storm collars, lined with satin, regular ■
price $30 00, sale price $25 00 each. ■
At 530.00. ■
LADIES' ELECTRIC SEAL FUR CAPES,' lined with satin, storm collars, good value „
for $40 00, sale price $30 00 each. 9
LADIES' SUITS. *
y
At 512.80. m
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, of black and navy serge, fly-front Jackets, lined I
with silk serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet, regular price $17 50, sale »g
price $12 50 each. HI
At $2QOO. D
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, of black and navy cheviot, fly-front Jackets, lined |
with silk, flounce skirts, well lined and bound, good value for $25 00, sale price $20 00 ]
each. *■*
At $22.50. ■
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, In tan and blue covert cloth, tight-fitting Jackets, I
lined with silk, flounce skirts, double lined and bound with velvet, worth $30 00 EH
sale price $22 £0 each. I
[gig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / ?
CALENDARS,
LEATHER GOODS
-i-AND OTHER -* •
227-229 POST ST. 215-219 BUSH ST.
A card engraver and designer who lives in Brooklyn, saysi
"1 work steadily all day in a downtown office in New York.
Often wnen I get through at night, I am tired and faint at my
stomach. I suppose my stomach is tired too. Anyway I feel
hungry and I am apt to cat too much supper, and the conse-
quence is I frequently used to have a bad stomach all night
and a head on me the next morning. But I have lately found
[that if I take a
after ray supper, it digests all right- Whenever my stomach
lias extra work to do, the Taßule takes hold and helps liko
t hired man."
COKE! COKE! COKE! DR.MCNULTY.
■"■-'. ■■■*■ : n^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
P. SpeclalUt««rM Private, Nervous, and Blood l)is-
• *■*• ITi^U'V/llfiLiUj eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
c.i CAT cam CTncr-r Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
813 rOLbOM SIKEhT Patients cnredai Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
UIU IWWWIII JiaLU, to3dnlly;8.30to8:.» ev'gs.Snnilavs,lotol2. Consul-
Telephone South 24. tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
IVaieT and Importer of all brands or COKB. •*• BOBCOE McXUIjTTI, M.D.
Tartu at HOWARD a.no BBAL£ STa. . 26; 3 Hc»ru) »t., »an I rancisco, CaL
56
THURSDAY DECEMBER 22, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. 3. LLAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
I niTORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson Street j
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAYS Is j
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns |
for 15 cents a weak- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlgg« Howe*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Building j
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 MoQtgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock;- 387 Hayes street, open until
8;30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1041 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK. 1505 Polk, street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
K«ntuck,y streets, open until 9 o'clocK-
AMUSEMENTS
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
California— "O'Brien, the Contractor."
Alcazar — "Hum buy."
Tlvoli— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's — "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Bunch of Keys."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Ingleslde Race Track— Races To-day.
Metropolitan Hall— Rosenthal Piano Recital. Tuesday even-
Ing. January 3. '
COUNSEL FOR MR. BALDWIN.
IF E. J. Baldwin, owner of the lot at the corner of j
Powell and Market streets recently covered by the j
Baldwin Hotel and theater, has been correctly re
ported in the newspapers, measures ought to be
taken to change the current of his thoughts and
bring him back to a realizing sense of his duty to
posterity and the public. Doubtless Mr. Baldwin has j
been subjected to a great deal of unkind criticism
since the Baldwin fire. Instead of sympathy having 1
been extended to him, abuse and detraction of various
kinds have been heaped upon him. This is contrary
to the usual custom in civilized communities, and we
do not blame him for feeling some resentment in j
consequence.
But his determination to erect a lot of shanties
upon the hotel site, and open a choice collevtion of
dives in the cellar, for the purpose of getting even on
the people, is certainly short-sighted and con- 1
temptible. With such improvements he might, per
haps, as he says, make his interest and taxes, but the
corner established in consequence would become a
cancer spot which would require elimination.
111 1 Mr. Baldwin yearns to get even on his detractors
he should hunt them up and engage them in vncal and
fistic gymnastic-. In that way he might obtain the
satisfaction he desires. To visit his spitefulness upon
the people of the city, however, substantially all of
whom are innocent of offending him, is uncivilized
and barbarous, and he may be sure that if he attempt
to do it they will unite and make him a great deal of
trouble.
What he should do with the Baldwin Hotel site is
to either erect upon it a new structure devoted to
commerce or sell it to some one who will do so. The
corner is trio valuable to be devoted to beer saloons,
cheapjohn clothing stores, cigar-stands, barber-shops
and dives.
If Mr. Baldwin care anything for the opinion of
posterity — he says he cares nothing for the opinion of
his contemporaries — he will proceed on business
lines in this matter without reference to the criticisms
of thoughtless people who have abused him without
cause. If he take any other course he will suffer
financially. Millionaires may bid defiance to their
individual detractors, but even they can be brought to
time by united public opinion and the indignation of
an entire community.
DISCIPLINE FOR A MONOPOLY.
WHILE the Gas Company acknowledges, when
cornered, that it has no right to exact a de
posit from customers, and while it will place
meters without exercising this imposition when the
customer knows his legal status and refuses to yield,
it nevertheless takes a deposit every time per
mitted to do so. It frightens the timid and cajoles the
uninitiated, the result being that its strong-box is
heavy with money derived from forced loans. On
these loans it pays no interest, but the handsome ag
gregate must bring to the corporation enough to
materially fatten its dividends.
As to the quality of light furnished, the accuracy of
measurement, the scant courtesy with which just
protests are met, there is no need here to treat. Per
haps with the prospect of competition these matters
will regulate themselves. However, there are means
by which the public can be in a measure protected
against the wrong it suffers by reason of the illegal
deposit. True, there is statutory remedy, but the law
is often slow, and an appeal to it costly. The specific
method of correction rests with the Legislature.
By the time the Legislature meets there should
have been prepared a bill defining the demand and
enforcement of a demand for a deposit a felony. This
would solve the whole problem. Such a bill could
not be defeated, because the justice of it would meet
with instant and general recognition. Too many out
rages have been committed in the nam* of the gas
monopoly, too many have felt the sting of its arro
gance, for it to be able to muster a sufficient oppo
sition. As an absolute tyrant, domineering over the
people from whom it draws sustenance, its reign
•fiould be about at an end.
Probably when General Shafter comes he will be
met by a broadside of abuse from the Examiner, and
t will comfort him to know that for days after he had
aimed the rag-tag of that journal out of Cuba his
picture, adorned with laurel, was above the entrance
(o the Examiner's office.
A murderer named Cheeseman has been taken from
the asylum where he had pretended to be a lunatic
and brought back to Oakland for trial. Probably he
is to be congratulated. Inmates of an asylum are not
permitted to be at large.
A Texan who stayed in jail twenty-two months on
a charge of contempt of court is out at last, but
probably were he to speak his real feelings he would
go back for life.
Since the war has been begun on consumption, and
the Prince of Wales has enlisted in the ranks, doubt
less the bacillus tuberculosis will take to the woods.
THE COALING STATION ARGUMENT.
IN commercial circles, and through them among the
people, the idea has been propagated that expan
sion by annexation and conquest is necessary to
get coaling stations. It has been argued that to ex
tend onr commerce we must have such stations. Yet
our foreign commerce has grown to immense pro
portions, and we have overtaken the trade of Great
Britain and passed it, with no coaling stations, and
without the disturbance of their acquisition or cost
of their maintenance and defense. 'Why load our
people and our trade with something that has proved
entirely unnecessary to our commerce?
England has coaling stations all around the world,
but they have not influenced her trade to a volume
superior to ours. When foreign trade has been talked
about, in times past, it has been customary to assign
her ownership of these stations as the cause of Eng
land's trade. But without them we have passed her,
and yet the idea remains and is made the most of to
fortify the argument for imperialism. In time of
peace every seaport is a coaling station. Trade grows
in peace, and not in war. If we own numerous
coaling stations and are involved in war each one
must be defended; each one is the United States, and
each will require the same force to protect it that
would adequately defend our entire continental pos
sessions.
If we have war, and it is brought nearer and made
more probable by each extension of our sovereignty
to distant islands, each colony and coaling station
must be defended by a fleet and an army. This means
for Porto Rico, the Ladrones. Hawaii and the Philip
pines, each, an army and a navy equal to the force re
quired for domestic defense. England has coaling
stations and must keep a thousand battleships to de
fend them, and yet her trade has not held its su
periority to our?.
The idea is fallacious that we increase our safety at
home by acquisitions abroad which must be defended.
It is an equal fallacy that we are to depend upon the
proposed colonies and coaling stations for an increase
in trade.
The statistics of British trade prove this. England
sends to her colonies a less percentage of their im
ports than they get from other countries, with the
single exception of British Guiana. The proportion
they take from her is:
The Straits Settlements 10 per cent
Mauritius 30 per cent
British Guiana 52 per cent
The Bermudas 30 per cent
British Honduras 40 per cent
British West Indies 41 per cent
New Pouth Wales 40 per cent
Queensland 40 per cent
Victoria 37 per cent
It is also a fallacy that colonies recoup the country
that owns them for the expense of their government
out of the public revenues of their total trade, or by
other taxes laid upon their people.
The cost to Englan 1 of the above colonies is an
nually 23,794,935 pounds sterling. Their revenues to
her treasury are 23,113,642 pounds sterling. There is
an annual outgo of $118,974,675 and $115,568,210 in
come, and a deficit of $3,406,465. Yet England has
the best managed colonial system that has ever ex
isted.
Already our navy is asking for $60,000,000 in the
next fiscal year to build battleships to patrol our coal
ing stations and colonies; and our army is asking
for 50,000 regulars for the Philippines and 25,000 each
for Cuba and Porto Rico. This is 100,000 soldiers,
and the pay of the privates alone will require $19,200,
000 per annum, their rations certainly as much more,
and their equipment and medical and hospital ser
vice as much more, making nearly $80,000,000 a year,
exclusive of the pay and commutations of the staff.
Bismarck said: "1 do not want any colonies at all.
Their only use is to provide sinecures. That is all
England at present gets out of her colonies, and
Spain, too. And as for us Germans, colonies would
be exactly like the silks and sables of the Polish
nobleman who had no shirt to wear under them."
It is easy to see that the building, manning and
operation of our new navy and the maintenance of a
standing army of ioo.ooo men, the support of Military
Governors, the transport service required in moving
such an army to distant stations by sea, and the trans
portation of rations and equipments, and the shipping
of coal to coaling stations, will bring our military
expenses, made necessary by this new policy, up to
$125,000,000 a year. We will not get this out of our
tropical colonies. It must come out of our home tax
payers, with the effect of doubling their public bur
dens. It will be spent on a fallacy, a chimera, a sen
timent of ignorant enthusiasm mistaken for pa
triotism.
Another disgusting feature is the probability that
voluntary enlistment will not give. us the men needed
to fill the ranks of an army to stand guard in the
tropics.
Captain Mahan, author of "Sea Power," is often
quoted by the imperialists, but he says, "Our race
cannot thrive in our new colonies."
Has any one heard of a returned private soldier
from the East or West Indian tropics who wants to
go back? We appear to have acquired coaling sta
tions and colonies the defense of which will require a
resort to conscription to secure the garrisons neces
sary to hold them.
McKINLEY IN THE SOUTH-
PRESIDENT McKIXLEY'S journey through
the South has been something like a grand
tour in celebration of a restored Union. It has
been marked at every stage by demonstrations of
Southern loyalty and Northern confidence. All
classes of Southern people have taken part in the
welcome. Old veterans of the Confederate army and
y >tir.g men born since the war ended. Bourbon Dem
ocrats of the deepest dye and negroes engaged in the
arduous task of advancing their race against Bourbon
prejudices, have all united and vied with one another
in doing honor to the chief magistrate of the nation.
These jubilant demonstrations were not caused
■wholly by the fact that Me Kinky is President of the
United States. Much of the cordiality of them was
due to the personality of the man. By his speeches,
so frank and sincere in word and tone, the hearts of
the Southern people were won even more than by the
august dignity of his high office. Other Presidents
nv-de tours through the South. Hayes, Cleveland and
Harrison visited that section, but none of them made
anything like the impression that McKinley has
made.
Undoubtedly one of the potent factors in the suc
cess of the President's conciliation was the manner in
which he had recognized Southern valor and loyalty
during the war with Spain. The appointment of
Southern generals to high command in the army
proved to the South that McKinley held no feeling of
animosity against the men who wore the gray, but, on
the contrary, regarded their military skill with admira
tion and had confidence in their patriotic love of the
Union.
A striking illustration of Southern sentiment on the
subject was given in a recent statement of Henry
Watterson. who in an interview at Washington said:
"I probably shall never vote again. The signing of
the commissions of those two ex-Confederate vet
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
erans, Fighting Joe Wheeler and Fitzhugh Lee,
marked the certain dawn of that era for which I have
labored. I am satisfied now."
It was noted at the time that McKinley made more
speeches during the campaign of 1806 than were made
by any other candidate who was ever elected, and that
all of them were appropriate to the occasion and to
the audience — terse, pointed and animated by a lofty
sentiment. This felicity of speech, so marked during
the canvass, has been strikingly displayed in the
Southern tour. He has addressed Southern audiences
on the delicate subject of the Civil War in words that
won their rapturous applause, but without saying a
word that offended the most patriotic veteran of the
North. He has spoken to negroes of their advance
ment both in social and in political life in a way
that aroused them to enthusiasm, but without offend
ing the Southern whites.
When all things are taken into consideration the
tour is one of the most notable in history. It was a
genuine triumph won by a strong and winning per
sonality over old-time antagonisms of North against
South and white against black, and entitles McKinley
to a high rank among the great constructive states
men who have conciliated ancient foes and restored
to their country not only prosperity, but harmony and
patriotic love.
THE court favorite has always been a well-known
character in history. He had the ear of the
ruler, and generally used the position for his
own advantage. His influence was sought by those
who had private ends to gain. We also have our
modern favorites, but they bask under the sunshine
of the judicial instead of the ruling power. They
carry on their operations in the halls oi justice in
stead of the royal palace. They take an active part
in the nomination and election of some Judges, per
haps loan them money when in need, and look to
gather the nice plums which may be dispensed by the
judicial hand. Sometimes this favorite takes the
form of an official reporter, at others of a receiver
or a favored attorney. It is notorious that in some
cases the fees received by the reporter are greater
than those paid to the attorneys. The Judge may
order arguments to be written up which gives the
reporter an increased harvest. Lawyers are timid
and reluctant to complain against those practices, as
it might incur the displeasure of the court. The fa
vored attorney is often employed for his supposed in
fluence with a particular Judge, and is paid greater
fees than his associates who do the labor.
The receiver usually comes in for a handsome al
lowance in return for services which arc frequently
only nominal. A recent illustration of the easy way
in which a receiver and his attorney may earn money
is afforded by the Hale & Norcross case. A fund of
$300,000 was to be distributed under the judgment of
the court. A receiver was appointed to disburse this
money. Scarcely was the ink dry on his bond —
which, by the way, was given by a banker in whose
bank the money was deposited — when Judge Hebbard
made an order allowing $5000 to this receiver and
$5000 more for his attorney, which sums were
promptly drawn out. When all the parties interested
had agreed to the manner of distributing the residue
of this fund, the receiver and his attorney got another
whack at it, through the action of the same Judge, to
the extent of an additional $5000. Besides this, the
bank in which the money was deposited demanded
and received a compensation for keeping and dis
bursing it.
It is a fact, much to be regretted, that the general
public has, to a considerable extent, lost confidence
in our courts. Abuses in the administration of the
law have crept into some of them, and on this ac
count their general influence and standing have been
lowered. People hesitate for this reason to invoke their
aid. In many of our cities the business men have ar
ranged upon a method for the settlement of their
disputes out of court, by arbitration. This shows
that there is something wrong in the operation of our
judicial system, which should be speedily remedied.
No government is safe when there is a distrust of the
courts. The great bulwark of England is the confi
dence of her people that every subject has equal
rights before the law, and that the courts will admin
ister that law impartially. It is the duty of the press
of this land to uncover all abuses in the conduct of
the courts. The Call will not hesitate to do this
whenever the occasion arises. It also takes pleasure
in approving the manner in which' Judge Coffey
guards the interests of estates and prevepts their
spoliation. While some attorneys and legal repre
sentatives may carp at the scrutiny exercised by this
Judge in fixing their fees and regulating the general
expenses of administration, he is justly entitled to the
commendation of the community for the strict dis
charge of his official duties.
SINCE the truth concerning Dunning was first
dragged into the light his character has ap
peared so black that no redeeming traits have
been discerned. He has been guilty of the crime of
meanness, untrue to friends and family, unblushing
in the face of exposure. Without flinching, he has
portrayed himself.
There was a general conclusion that no good was
in Dunning, and yet at last he has created for him
self a gleam of sympathy. The human heart is kind
and quick to perceive good. It seems that in certain
of Dunning's orgies he had the companionship of
women who to the cause on trial bear no possible re
lation. Nevertheless, he was asked to reveal their
names. He refused to do so. It was proper and
manly that he should have refused. Uncomplain
ingly he went to jail for contempt rather than betray
and disgrace those to whom he was asked to be
a despicable traitor. It was the first outward indi
cation of decency in the composition of Dunning; and
the court ordered him to jail for it.
There is something anomalous in such a circum
stance. He can day after day detail his shameless
acts and go unscathed, save, perhaps, in a conscience
of which there is no visible token. An inclination to
be honorable seizes him, and a cell is the penalty.
The lawyer, perhaps, did well to withdraw the ques
tion. He would perhaps have done better never to
have propounded it.
A. H. Ingersoll of Oakland took an ax and with it
drove his wife and daughter out into the night and
the rain. Now and then something happens to revive
belief in the utility of the whipping-post.
Carnegie and Bryan will make a queer team, and
each will be too much surprised at finding himself in
harness with the other to get down to steady pulling
for a while.
Perhaps in the future some antique statesman will
be able to point with pride to the circumstance of
having been in McKinlcy's Cabinet from start to
finish.
It is a pity that some of the morbid and chronic at
tendants at the Botkin trial cannot be sent to the
garbage crematory.
COURT FAVORITES.
A FREAK OF JUSTICE.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE.
That California can successfully stand a dry season was demonstrated
this year. Our export of green fruit is only 9 per cent short of that of
1597. It is true that a large acreage of orchard was fruitless, owing to lack
of rain and non-irrigable location, but it is also true that the Sierra foot
hill orchards and vineyards supplied 91 per cent of the usual export and
brought to the State as much money from that source as comes in an aver
age year. Not only this, but the trees and vines put out their usual growth
of new wood and will bear an equally large crop next year.
This experience goes somewhat farther than one derived from a diversi
fication of crops. It proves the existence of a safeguard to the State's pros
perity by diversification of location also. Formerly, before there was any
planting in the foothills, a drought implied general disaster, for it struck
down the live stock, wheat and fruit interests in the valleys and mining
in the mountains, and there was nothing to replace them. But now the foot
hill orchards and vineyards, which are planted up to an altitude of 3000
feet, have proved their capacity to sustain our commercial structure through
a dry year without fatal impairment.
The Spanish war has practically left the American market to California
raisins. It is not easy to find considerable lots of high class raisins in the
hands of the producer or even of the jobber.
This does not mean just one year of good prices and good demand.
Where even war, pestilence or famine has kept away from a market a pro
duct to which the consumers are accustomed, ' and it is replaced from a
new source of supply, that source can hold it in the future even against
the reappearance of the former product. The California raisin has many
points of superiority to the Spanish fruit. It is dried on trays and not on
the ground, and while the skin is thin and tender, at the same time it holds
better than the skin of the Spanish grape. The latter exudes the grape
Bugar, which crystallizes on the skin, and not being sufficiently saccharine
to resist decay, it rots and destroys the raisin. The California grape holds
all the sugar within the skin and therefore is a good keeper, a most de
sirable quality in any dried fruit.
Northern California oranges are a good crop this year and of fine qual
ity. Time was that the only orange tree known in the northern part of
the State was at Bidwells Bar, and it stood there a long time silently sug
gesting that where it flourished orchards of its kind would be profitable.
Now there is a large acreage in Butte and Yuba counties. Sutter and Co
lusa are also planting and the foothills of Placer County are every year in
creasing their export of excellent fruit.
STATE NOTES.
At Santa Ana the decortication of century plant fiber has been success
fully accomplished, producing a substitute for sisal grass in the manu
facture of cordage.
Biggs Notes says the cannery at Marysville this year expended $3C,000
for labor and $158,550 for fruit cans and fruit. A good showing for a dry
year.
Mr. Stone, at Thermalito, experimented with fertilizers on his olive
trees and reports a great increase in the crop and improvement in the
quality. More barnyard manure gof>s to waste in California tlian any
where else in the Union: where it might be used with greater benefit than
anywhere else.
The Gait Gazette editor planted an apple orchard, and along came the
borers and bored the trees, killing many of them and nearly killing more.
As a preventive he drove some rusty nails into the trees near the ground;
since then not a borer has attacked them. This is worth knowing, as
the orchardist has a hard headed enemy in the borer.
W. A. Rogers of Thermalito observed many barren trees In his orange
orchard. They bloomed profusely, but set no fruit. He used barnyard ma
nure plentifully around them and they became roliably fruitful.
The Cloverdale Reveille says that on the recent marriage there of Mr.
Martin and Miss Tarwater, the groom's mother presented the bride with 100
acres of fine land. That is a sensible dowry, much better than diamonds or
a check.
The Fountain Grove vineyard, Sonoma Count}', has just shipped two car
loads of wine to Japan.
The Cloverdale Citrus Fair Association is preparing to hold its fifth
annual exhibition. This annual fair has so promoted the planting of
orange orchards that Sonoma County will soon be in the field as an ex
porter of that fruit.
John Rapp of Colgrove, Los Angeles County, has experimented suc
cessfully in growing pineapples. He procured plants from Florida, and it
took them three years after planting to get acclimated. Then they bore a
satisfactory crop and produced acclimated suckers for replanting, which he
has distributed to favorable localities in Southern California. He says that
by setting out plants as early i:i the spring as possible the fruit will ripen
at a season when imported pines are out of the market.
Kelly Brothers, the gr«at bee ranchers of the Santa Ynez Mountains, re
port that dry weather has so affected the honey blooms on which they de
pend for the supply secured by their bees that there is not enough in th«
hives to feed the bees through the winter, and they expect to feed them
twenty tons of extracted honey from their stock on hand. Hay and honey
are valuable where trie drought f-truck.
The Long Beach Press says that Mr. Norman, on the Alamitos tract
has introduced a new fruit from Africa called the roselle, which thrives
even in arid situations. It makes a delicious jelly and pickle, and in hot
weather makes an agreeable drink. Mr. Norman wishes to distribute the
seeds.
The Chino Champion estimates the highest output of beet sugar next
year in the history of that California industry. The factory at Santa Ma
ria will use 1000 tons of beets per day; the Hueneme 1000; the Spreekels at
Salinas, 3000; the Los Alamitos 700.
The raisin crop this year nets 3^4 cents a pound in the sweat box against
1% cents last year.
The walnut crop of Fullerton this year is eighty-four carloads.
New fruit canneries are projected at Newcastle, Santa Ana and Ven
tura. The Increased orchard area and output of fruit will require them.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. S. S. Bogle of Santa Rosa is at the
lick.
Judge J. M. Mannonof Uklah Is at the
Lick.
Sheriff A. Bush of Downieville Is at the
Russ.
C. S. Jacobson of Portland is at the
Palace.
H. S. Allen, a miner from Sonora, Is at
the Grand.
Lyman Green of Petaluma is a guest at
the Grand.
William G. Platt of Detroit is a guest at
the Palace.
T. B. Walker of Minneapolis is a guest
at the Occidental.
W. M. Thornton of Anaconda, Montana,
is at the Palace.
Attorney W. F. George of Sacramento
Is at the Grand.
Attorney Francis A. Fee of Madera is
a guest at the Lick.
Frank R. Nugent of Winnepeg, Canada,
is at the Occidental.
Edward Crozer of Philadelphia is a
guest at the Palace.
O. R. Putnam of Washington, D. C, is
registered at the Palace.
J. G. McWilliams and H. E. Nichols,
U. S. A., are at the Occidental.
State Controller E. P. Colgran of Sacra
mento is registered at the I,ick.
Carroll Johnson, the well known min
strel, is a guest at the Occidental.
Ex-State Senator Elwood Bruner of Sac
ramento is registered at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. McCarthy and
daughter of Stockton are at the Grand.
Frank M. Cum-
mings, the well
known chief clerk
at the Palace
Hotel, was made
the victim of a
practical joke the
other day that
MR. CUMMINGS:
AND
THE RING.
momentarily
causer] his heart to cease beating and that
made his patent protected smile look like
30 cents in a fop. Mr. Cummings has a
fondness for jewelry, and he Is the pos
sessor of a rare collection of gems. Lat
terly he has developed a penchant for
diamond rings, and to satisfy this crav
ing, and at the same time try his luck,
he has been investing In tickets, ranging
in price from 5 cents to $2, which he holds
as chances on a very fine and costly dia
mond ring which is to be raffled off. Mr.
Cummings has about fifty of these tickets
of the $2 kind, for he does nothing on a
cheap basis. He has made it a rule to in
vest In these tickets whenever the idea
occurred to him, and the idea has bobbed
up in his mind several times a day.
Last week two of his friends walked care
lessly up to the counter in the hotel, and
pretending not to notice Mr. Cummings,
who was studying the register, they began
to comment on the fact that it was a
shame that the person who had the ring
in his possession had skipped the town
with over $1000, the proceeds from tickets
sold, and the ring as well. Mr. Cum
mings, as soon as he caught the drift of
the conversation. Immediately lost four
pounds in weight, had a nervous chill and
swore at a bell boy. Visions of flfty
tickets worth just fifty snaps of his deli
cate fingers filtered through Mr. Cum
mings' mind. His dreams of the beautiful
solitaire vanished, but he did not lose his
wits. Oh, no, on the contrary he began
to look out for number one with a great
degree of alacrity. Presently Mr. Cum
mings was seen to go up to a friend who
also desires to win the aforesaid ring. He
had his fifty tickets with him, and these
he quietly offered for sale at 5 cents on
the dollar. He explained his desire to dis
pose of the tickets by saying that he had
recently joined the church, and that he
did not believe in the lottery system;
that it was a wicked, pernicious habit,
and that he had decided to turn over a
new leaf; in fact, he stated that he was
going to turn over several new leaves.
He was just about to consummate the
deal with his friend when the joke was
sprung on him. Yesterday he was seen
to buy another ticket.
W. H. West of the Thatcher and Prim
rose minstrels, with his wife, is at the
Grand.
Mrs. J. A. Brown. Miss Arnold and Miss
L. E. Burns of Portland are at the Occi
dental.
William H. Buckeley, James Campbell
and John R. Mills of Hartford, Conn., are
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. T. Regan of Boise City
are at the I.ick. Mr. Regan is a promi
nent capitalist.
Commander George C. Reiter, United
States navy, who is the lighthouse In
spector at Portland, is at the Occidental
for a few days.
Thomas Hill, the artist, whose paint
ings adorn many of the best art collec
tions of the world, is in the city, sojourn
ing at the Palace. He passed the sum
mer at his Wawona studio, and will soon
leave for winter solace at Coronado
Beach.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.-T. Downey, wife
and daughter, of San Francisco, are at
the Holland; William E. Gunn nf San
Francisco is at the Hoffman; Dr. Wil
liam E. Hopkins of San Francisco Is at
the Manhattan; S. E. Simons of Sacra
mento is at the Windsor; \\\ 1. Uoyle
of San Francisco is at the Grand.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.-Judge Ma
guire arrived in Washington to-day. He
will leave for New York to-morrow to
spend the holidays. George Gregg of San
Francisco Is registered at the Riggs
House.
WITH ACTORS
AND MUSICIANS
Already the coming of Rosenthal. the
great pianist, is attracting the attention
of the concert-goers. He will give three
recitals in the Metropolitan Temple Tues
day and Thursday evenings, January 3
and 5, and the following Saturday ofter
noon. The prices range from $1 to $3 and
the sale of seats opens next Tuesday at
Sherman & Clay's.
X," A rr^ arlor Match " finishes the Colum
bia Theater engagement with the Sunday
night performance. West's minstrel*
?S.wl«« MO rh ay , wlth , Carroll Johns™ Tom
Lewis, Charles Ernest and Jose th«
counter tenor, in the company.
Daniel Sully in "The Contractor" closes
at the California Saturday night, giving
O' a N n° th ? rr t tUrn ™S a S e ™n? of Nance
ONe -win nn 6 Rf"klnR f" kln Company. Miss
UINel W 'II open the week with Snior
rut n plav'^r aS th a> '; con^ inuin S ?hX powlr
rui play for the first four nie-hts nrH a*
votmg the next three to ! 'Guy Manner!
ing. in which she will make her first an-
P ear anee as Meg Merrilies. »lngomar"?s
S»h?s f»r Urd n y mattn ee and the Sunday
Twist " farewell wlll be given to "Oliver
The Yellow Dwarf is a strong holi
day spectacle at the Tivoll Scenery, cos-
features ely . specialties aaree cn the y nota-
"A Bunch of Keys" plays all this week
at the Comedy, retiring Monday in favor
of A Romance of Coon Hollow."
Golden; the monologist. is still a strong
Mil i^r^ P. P heul « and the rest of the
Dill is up to the mark.
f wig lUttfß. r. ;
"Humbug," a farce that Roland Reed
at M 7hl°A I ? lay> is makin * out a good week
at the Alcazar. Next week's holiday at
traction will be Hoyt's "A Midnight
Bell."
The "Uncle Tom's Cabin" revival at
Morosco's is attracting the usual crowds.
Keep Golden Gate Open.
The Merchants' Association has sent to
the Board of Supervisors a protest against
a proposition now pending before the
Street Committee to curtail the boule
vard of Golden Gate avenue by opening
to heavy traffic two blocks between Van
Ness avenue and Gough street. The asso
ciation contends that this is unnecessary,
for heavy traffic is permitted on Elm ave
nut■. naif a block north. The protest con
"We fully belfeVe that the bost interests
of San Francisco require at loast one di
reci main thoroughfare to Golden Gate
T';irk that should be kept in good condi
tion and free from heavy traffic. The bou
levard of Golden Gate avenue from Van
Ne<=s avenue to Devlsadero street should
be preserved for this purpose, and we
earnestly request that your honorable
rommitt'eo will report unfavorably upon
this objectionable resolution."
Best French candy, 25c per pound.
Steams' Candy Kitchen, moved to 1478
Market street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR-G. X.
M. As Christmas and New Year's day
will fall on Sunday, the legal holiday will
be observed on the following Monday.
THE FIFTY-FIRST IOWA— A. H.. City.
The roster of the Fifty-first lowa Volun
teers was published as a private enter
prise, consequently it cannot be adver
tised in this department.
CHRISTMAS FRESENTS — Stenogra
pher, Oakland, Cal. The matter of giv
ing Christmas presents is one of individ
ual taste. A stenographer is at liberty to
give presents to hr-r employer and those
who are her companions in the office if
she feels so inclined, but if she does not It
would not be considered "a breach of eti
quette." It is not customary, but somr
times employers are moved to make a
present to employes in appreciation of
services in addition to the salary paid.
If the firm or others in the office should
offer the stenographer one or more gifta
at the glad Christm.istide she would be
very rude if she did not accept such.
Townsend's. 627, Palace. Closed Sundys.*
Popcorn, 3 quarts 10c. Townsend's. •
1 and 2 canes in box, 10c box. Townsend's.*
1 lb chewing candy in box, 2jc. Townsend.*
Our famous broken candy, 34 lb? in hand
some Japanese basket, 50c. Townsend's. •
The best Xmas present: Townsend's Cal
ifornia Glace Fruits. 50c. in fire etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market St..
Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Thousands of packages in %, 1. 2. 3, 5
and 10 pounds of Townsend's California
glace fruits, 50 cents a pound; all ready
for shipping. Send your orders and we
can ship for you at reduced rates. 627
Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s special holiday
display this week is attracting- universal
attention. It is a grand display of mod
erate priced goods, every article of which
is suitable for a Christmas present. The
store decorations are also unusually bril
liant and especially appropriate to the
occasion. *
Little Brother — I don't think I care
much for that bonk.
Little Sister— Why not?
Little Brother— Grandma says It's in
structive as well aa amusing. — Puck.
No Christmas Table should be without B bot
tle of Dr. Slegert'B Angostura Bii'ers. the fin
est appetizer, imported from Booth America.
The Customer— What: Ten dollars
that vase?
The Clerk— Oh, no, mum. That's just
the tag we leave on when we send ic.
Real price, fifty cents, mum. — Judge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A useful gift is the most
sensible gift to make, and if
it is lasting, too, it's all the
better.
Furniture !
What's more elegant than
deep, rich, gorgeous carving
— the carved chair above, for
instance ?
For hall or for any nook or
corner you want to enrich
and beautify.
Or, for some friend you
want to make very happy on
Christmas.
A pretty bit of upholstery
(good upholstery) makes a
Christmas gift most pleasing.
Our upholstery is our own
make, the frames are of our
own finishing — that mirror-
like polish, you know.
There's a worldful to pick
from and more a-making —
but come early, for you know
the most-wanted things go
first.
Open Evenings.
California Furniture
Company
(N. P. COLE & CD.) £arpet 8
117*123 Geary St Mattin*«ADVERTISEMENTS.
j SULLIVAN'S *222£-
; ihio /s for to-day, to-morrow
I SPECIAL a " a Saturday morn. Sale
i DD^r C/CS " af 12 °' ciock Sat -
! I ililxi urday, noon.
' Oil v^u rrmniArr £,if two tloyedfoy a Hf\c
H'Ajr nc: give tte cXUdnn l.Sat vimt jo'j I
'* Children's Shoes, Special a I in
Till S-turda^Noon-Si.^ lv, ol 1 -
! ISO
CHILD
-
; : i «'.i> Jmai Zny. ■ tAit pric* i« cut.io
i thebtsl era- r-.rr v.adf on Sfroetl HYrt
i Ac .'■ :"i i-7 «p Ottr rirpufo/iin </ a tinglf diAlir
ti-AnQth* duty t& txco. Thit it tht ' rr^-rrrt
\ -e~.ni*xn t.f -a'-r^\ r tr.Ti;ty at BuUtvaa'*. n
■ Doiltfor Oteehflttrm.
Si
1 sullTwia^'s,
J HBT-BAYEBB IS" SEOE3,
j 18 FOURTH STREET
y JOi I ut from Xartet Street.
j helps/ X \a non-
i WHERE / /i-s\y± \INtOX-*
U a <kdtkd di^un^e
frrrwtEN MALT-V!VIN€ and otmeb
MALT tXTXACTS
l it is known positively to contain a
1 greater ccnccntratkd* of »ll the
hour;sh:ns elements ■<• malt
2. it is a lom-'ntgx.cant-.a quality of
twe utmost im»c!tince to patents of
very low vitality TO whom ixtoxi&at-
CiS MALT EXTRACTS ARE DAS jEROoS
THE STAFF OF LIFE FOR *EAK WOMEN AMO
HU«?S-N3 MOTHERS.
AU. CX>UQa»TS. "i
V\l.Blatz Brewing Co.
M I LWAU KEE,U SA.
: Louis dhec fie Son* Wholesale
Dei. i 16-4 IS Sici-mecto Street,
it-: Francisco. ________
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Lar^e and Well-
Assorted Stock of
OPERA GLASSES. FIELD GLASSES.
LORGNETTES. OPERA - GLASS
BAGS. GOLD SPECS AND EYE-
GLASSES, .
PRICES WITHIN EACH OF ALL.
OPEN EVENINGS, B?elnr,in? r»«c«mber 12.
14 and 16 Kearny St
Use f** s *^. and
Facial Soap 7 Facial Cream.
Acr.». P:.ij:«s. Ccre<3:r.»s cr F"i««h Worsns
l*rzr.*r>*r'.V.y cured by JOHN H- '.VOODBURY.
I"? W Ci ft.. New Tcrk, li 2 State it.. Cfa.cA^o.
Inventor cr Wc-jd burr's FaciaJ Soep asi FacUJ
Crt;ar:.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S g««*
JdjL Museum of Anatomy
fulfill ::r. xaszit -t. ist ks * :u, :■ ?.
l^\ DR. JORDAN— Private Bisease*.
N I &Phifosophy*of Marriage.
* L MAILED FREE.
\ V
It Will Hake You Feel Good
Vhen your wife tells you on Christmas I
rr.orning that your shirt front and col-
lar rivals the whiteness of the lilies.
There is nothing that can encircle your
neck, outside of her snowy arm. that
will filea/e you more on Xmas than a
collar done up with the perfect color
ar.d finish that we put on all linen
laundered here.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street. Telephone
South 420 J
ooo7oooooo?oooccoa
»w PALACE «g|
ICRAND hotels o
" BAH FnAHCi3CO. ft I
° Ooa&;.te4 by * cohered »UM(iwtr ** j
0 UOO Rooros— POO With Bath Attached. "
0 ' Ail Under One 2fiax«en>ent. Q \
D BOTS THK FRICSS: Q j
IT B«ropt»j> P!»n.fl.OO P«t day *."". cpw»nj „ .;
O Jlci«tlc*c #3.00 p«r 4.vr i.;J upward «* ,
f) CotTttpcnaeree Solicited. £ j
iofiCQiOQ CC SOOOOQQO i
OFF FOR HER
OFFICIAL TEST
AGAINST TIME
The Japanese Cruiser
Chitose Sails.
A FERRY DEPOT FOUNTAIN
IT WILL TAKE THE PLACE OE
TEE OLD TURNTABLE.
A Chinese Escape from the Steamer
City of Peking Recaptured in
Chinatown by Corporal
Cockrill.
- : . yes
-
■
_<cca-
sion of the race against time. Among
those on board was Irving M. Scott and
Chief Engineer Forsythe of the Union
Iron Works, a couple of oScers from the
navy yard and the representatives of tne
Japanese Government.
The Chitese "went out yesterday morn
ing as soon as the fog lifted and will
probably reach Santa Barbara early this
mcmir.g. The chances are that it vril!
take aii day to clean her cp and get her
ready for the ccntest. and In that event
the trial will not take place until to-mor
row. If the weather is favorable and she
should succeed In making the 214 knots
an hour, which her contract calls for,
she will be back in San Francisco in time
for those on her to eat their Christmas
dinner ashore. If the weather is against
the trial then everybody will have to par
take cf the dinner which the Scotts have
provided in case of an emergency.
The sailing hours of the Australian
steamers have been changed from 2 p. in.
until 10 p. m. This is done because the
English mail which comes via New York
is always late, and in consequence the
sailing of the steamers has had to be
postponed. Passengers would hurry
down to the wharf ready to depart at 2
p. m. only to find out that the sailing
hour had b-;-en postponed. In consequence
the Alameda will saii for Honolulu, Apia,
Auckland and Sydney on the 2Sth inst.
at 10 p. m.
J. T. McMillan; who made such an en
viable record while nautical expert in the '
Branch Hvdrograpbie Office here, is now i
Assistant captain of the Fort at Manila.
before leaving. San Francisco as a lieu
tenant on the Government steamer Nero,
Mr. McMillan was presented by the mer
chants and shipowners with a very hand
some sword. Lieutenant McMillan's
many friends in California wili be glad I
to hear of his promotion.
Captain A. I. Lowell of the lightship. >
who has been seriously ill, is abie to be
around again. lie went out to his vessel
yesterday. He took out a bountiful sup
ply of good cheer with him. so the crew
of* the lightship wili fare well on Christ- :
mas day.
President Colnon and Architect swa:n
of the Harbor Commission got together
yesterday and decided upon a design for
a fountain to be erected in front of the
new ferry depot. It will take the place
of the present Market-street turntable,
and will be built of the same kind of
stT.e used in the ferry depot. A drink
irg fountain will be a boon to the trav
eling public and also to the gripmen and
conductors cf the various car lines. At
the present time there is no place aronnd
the depot, outside of a saloon, where a
drink of water can be procured.
The work of putting the mules for Ma
nila aboard the transport Tacoma was
accomplished yesterday and the vessel
will get away in a day or two. The norses }
that were taken as far as Honolulu on
the last occasion wiu be picked up on the
way down and taken to their destination.
Twelve Japanese from the steamer
K'irr. Bianchard were put aboard me
steamer City of Pekine yesterday and will
be returned to Honolulu. The remaining
twenty-four are going to appeal against
the decision cf the United States Immigra
tion Commissioners refusing them a land
ing because they hai gone from Hawaii
to Clipperton Island under a contract. - he
twelve going back on the Peking are hav
i-.g their fare paic; by the owners of the
Bianchard- Tht-y will at once return to
San Francisco, and. as they have plenty
of money, they cannot be refused a land-
A small steamer for use on the Colo
rado River is being built at the ...
Third street. She is after the model of
tne opposition freight boat that was to
have r<?en put on Oakland Creek. Instead
<-f having the '.rheel astern it will be in
the center of the boat, which will save
a creat deal in the matter of draught.
One of the Chinese on the steamer City
of Peking made his escape yesterday and
secreted himself in Chinatown. He was
located in the house on the corner of
Stockton and Washington streets by Cor
poral "Bob" Cockrill of the Harbcr Po
lice and was brought back to the Mail
Dock E>uring the struggle to secure his
man both Cockrill and the Chinese fell
through a trap door, but neither of them
W&*" hurt
Captain W. H. Roberts, who has com
manded the United States steamer Rush
of the Berir.c S«a patrol fleet for the past
three years, "has been detached from that
vessel. He is directed to proceed to Bos
ton and assume command of the United
S-ates Bteamer Manning, retiring Captain
Monger The Manning did excellent wonc
during the blockade of Cuban ports
Appealing to the Critical.
Have you a friend who has a critical
taste for sculpture? Who. likewise,
would find great enjoyment in the pos
session of a choice work of art in
bronze? That friend's most critical
taste could be pleased by a Christmas
gift selected in Nathan, Dohrmann &
Co.'s art rooms.
In the Div_rce Courts.
Mr?. Phoebe If White has applied for a
divorce from her husband. Michael White,
alleging infidelity. Spiro G. Dragomar.o
vfch has sued his wife. Louise, for a di
vorce on the grounds of •cruelty. Intern
MANDOLINS
GUITARS
$2.50 UP:
SOLE APKNTS CELEBRATED Ki.ETI» ?18rS.
CLARK WISE & CO.
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant Aye.
SPECIAL SALE PIAN3S THIS WEEK.
THE SAIN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
THE FLAGSHIP ALAMEDA.
During the Balmain regatta held in Sydney harbor last month the Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Alameda was used as a flagship. She proved such a success and the regatta committee was so pleased
that it presented Captain Van Oterendorp with a silver fruit basket and Chief Omcer Rennie with a gold ring
as a memento of the" occasion, xtte scene was photographed and the pictures have arrived here as Christmas
cards with the inscription -A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year" in gold lettering on them. The above
drawing is from one of these photographs.
-
H Mayor, alleging failtu
• ■
. nst James Bi - ■'
■
■
READY FOR A FISTING.
Denny and Maxwell Will Punch and
Duck This Evening— D?r. Cree
don Likes Good Old Ala.
Martin Denny, the young Australian
pupilist. who will meet Maxwell, the
local champion, this evening in "Wood
ward's Pavilion in a twenty-round con
test, was feeling like a two-year-old yes
terday afternoon, and his Australian
frier.ds who reside here will be much di»
apt>ointed if he fails to defeat the San
Franciscan.
Maxwell is well aware of the fact that
his opponent is as clever a lad as Aus
tralia has turned out for some time, but
allowing for the knowledge of the gamc
that Denny possesses, the local pugilist is
as sar.g-.nrie of stopping the invader as he
is of entering the ring after 8 o'clock this
evening. . . .
The referee will be instructed that ne
must adhere to Queensberry rules, which
say that only when the contestants have
scored equal points in hitting, guarding,
side-stepping, etc., aggressive tactics must
be taken into consideration. If the ref
eree of the Lavigce and Tracey fight had
judged the contest according to Queens
berry then Tracev should have been de
clared the winner, as he bested Lavigne
in every particular excepting aggressive-
n< Miich interest is being manifested in the
Creedon and Green contest, which whi
be hei-1 in "Woodward's Pavilion on Fnaay
evening, the 30tb insu Creedon nas been
•raining very conscientiously for the
game and, judging from his appearance,
he should certainly give a good account
of Hmseif Creedon has his own peculiar
strle of dieting. He does not beneye m
the o'd idea of eatir.g only certain Kinds
of food. In fact, Dai disposes of any
th; "E he fee's inclined to samp;e. omit
tine of course, such things as sweet
meats and stuff that is not conducive to,
fgSffi^S^od old English
ale and as that beverage cannot be got
with- easy reach of his training quar
w«<he takes a daily trip from Alameda
to this city in search of his favorite be% -
cr -C^cker" Tweedie is getting very rest
lessTaid unless he sees some chance of
a game in this city he will leave for New
York at an ear!y date.
New Offices.
Messrs. Herzog & Co., general agents
i for ■- Pacific Coast of the Hamburg
'■ American Line, for the pSrt thirty years
'a* 401 Califorr.ia street, have, for the
convenience of the traveling public,
i opened a branch office at US Montgom
! erj- street, in the very midst of the
; principal hotels, railway ax^d steamship
I offices.
The new offices are fitted in modern
j style and the public is welcome to all
• information pertaining to European
> t-avel The Hamburg- American Line is
I the largest steamship company in the
I world, operating seventy-seven ocean
i steamships, aggregating 422.100 tons.
The express steamer Deutschlana. now
1 build'ng for the company, will be the
' rest and fastest of all the liners, its
' registered tonnage being 2000 more than
any" steamship af.oat. Now nearin|
completion are the Graf Walderaee and
Patricia, even larger than :he Pennsy!
varia and Petroria, each 12,000 tons, of
j the" same line. After April 22 toe twin
l st*>w mail steamers will call at Bo-
J lotrne sur Mer ,a convenient route for
Paris and London).
Swamps Considered a Nuisance.
A combined effort will be made by the
Precita Valley and the Potrero and Mis
sion Improvement clubs to have the
Board of Health declare the Ewainps ly
ing between Twenty-sixth and Army
«treets a nuisance. This Is done for the
purpose of compelling owners to fill in
their lots. The Precita Valley Improve
ment Club, which has done much for the
progress of that portion of the city dur
irg the past three years, has been con
stantly urging property owners to aid in
improving their property that street
grades might be established, sewers put
down and the condition of the valley
grow generally better.
Sanborn. Vail & Co. have an immense
line of small glass vases, white statuary.
gold-mounted pitchers and vases, Bohe
mian glassware. Stockton art pottery.
e*c. For genuine bargains no other lines
equal theirs- •
Famed Pianist Coining.
A rare treat for music lovers is prom- I
Jsed next month, when J. "W. Morrisey j
will introduce Moriz Rosenthal. the famed f
pianist, to a San Francisco audience for .
the first time. All through Europe his !
success was phenomenal, and his playing
ha' been described as a miracle of per
fection. Rosemhal will perform in Met
ropolitan Temple on the evenings of Jan
uary 3 and 5 and on the afternoon of
January 7.
Ladies* tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks.
credit. It- RcthschiM. ill tatter st., r. « and T.
Bad Boy Dowd Released.
Thomas H. Dowd. a 17-year-old private
in the California Heavy Artillery, was
discharged from the army on habeas cor
pus yesterday by United States District
Judge de Haven. Dewd had been before
the court twice or three times previously
on habeas corpus, but as on each of these
occasions he was under military sentence
against the discipline of the army the
court could not interfere. The officers
of the heavy artillery were very glad to
get rid of hid.
Advance* V.ade on furniture and pianos, with '
or without removal. J. No-ooan, IVI7-KC3 Mission. '
SCHOOL CASH
IS GONE UNTIL
NEXT JANUARY
Treasurer Reis Calls
a Halt.
WILL PAY NO MORE BILLS
XO iIOXEY TO THE CREDIT OE
THE DEPARTMENT.
Funds Will Begin to Come In Next
Month, but He Refuses to An
ticipate Them — 5225.000
Borrowed Already.
No bills of any description against the
School Department will be paid during
the present administration. The board
may pass them to Its heart's content,
with c-r without the signature of Super
intendent Webster, and Auditor Broderick
may audit, but they. will fail of payment
when they finally come to the office of
the Treasurer. Treasurer Reis announced
yesterday that until he had the money
In hand he would honor no warrants, and
that there would be no money in hand un
til the middle of January at the very
earliest.
The School Department is Indebted to
the city treasury to the extent of $225.<>XJ,
*:Ss.<») borrowed from other funds and an
overdraft for JTO.tXM. Treasurer Reis has
already received {335,600 of the recent tax
collections figured on as the schools'
share, and to this amount $S2,C»» addi
tional may soon be added. The first
amount has been already disposed of, and
the next moneys to come in, includine the
schools' share of the State tax. must be
turned over to the accounts from which
he has borrowed.
This does not mean that; the school fund
is depleted. There remains to its credit
Jas.vju. but this amount is at present only
on paper. The actual cash will not be on
hand until the Bui has sent to this city
its share of the collections and the bor
rowed funds have beer, restored.
Treasurer Reis said yesterday: "I sup
pose I could go on borrowing from other
funds until the SvS.OQ) still to the credit of
the School Department is exhausted, but
there is already an overdraft of ST),C«»
and a debt due other funds of $ISS,C»>J, and
I will not borrow any. more. I shall not
pay any more bills until the actual cash
is in the treasury. This will not be until
about the middle of next month, and the
duty will fall to my successor. The
School Department still has nearly JlCv,
(•» to its credit, or will have at the end of
this month."
Auditor Broderick has also taken a firm
> stand in the matter of School Department
bi'.is. Of the supply bills that have been
sent to him he has audited (10,000, but the
rest he has held up pending a settlement
of the present legal questions that have
been raised by the action taken by the
teachers. He is inclined to take the view
that teachers are not creditors, but offi
cials, and that their pay is a considera
tion that has precedence over the claims
of ordinary creditors.
BOARD OF HEALTH
LOSES EMPLOYES
GODCHAUX AND HILL TENDER
RESIGNATIONS.
Adulteration of California Wines
Brought Up as a Matter or
Serious Discussion.
Two resignations were handed in and
accepted at the meeting of the Board of
Health last evening. Dr. Ed E. Hiii gave
u-p his position as assistant police sur
geon at the Harbor Hospital that he
might take up his new duties as Coroner
when the first of the year comes round,
and Secretary Godchaux. who has been
for four years one of the hardest workers
• board, re.-igned to accept a position
in the Assessors office under Dr. Wash
ington Dodge.
To fill the vacancy created by Dr. Hill
Dr. Baum placed in nomination Dr. Har
i old O. Fondeleith. an interne at the Ger
; man Hospital, and his candidate was
elected without any dissenting voice. No
=ucc»»8?or to Secretary Godchaux was
' mentioned.
The committee delegated to look into
the charges against the garbage crema
' tory preferred by Reuben H. Lloyd re
ported that the cremator}' people should
I be obliged to attach a smoke-consuming
plant to their furnace.
The matter of the adulteration of Cali
: fornia wines was brought before the
board by Dr. Gailway. who asked Infor
mation as to how much salicylic acid
; could be used in wines without endanger
ing health. Dr. Baxet replied that in the
; California product no salicylic acid was
S necessary, and that it was only used to
' lead artificial age to wines oy putting a
The World's Supply of Wheat.
An English expert prophesies a universal t
dearth in the wheat supply. He claims that j
me wheat producing *oii is unequal to the
strain that will be put upon It. Even now
when the food supply or the world ;s ample, j
thousand* d'.e because their disordered stom- '
a~hs fail to properly assimilate the food they 1
take. Hosteller's Stomach Bitters strengthen j
and tone up the stomach and digestive organs. I
and ecable them to perform their proper func- I
tions. This great remedy cures dyspepsia, tor- j
pid liver, nervousness and 'ever and ague. '
stop to all - esses of f < rmi ntal a. To
r It was decided tha - I
committees should get to-
I formulate a plan for the sup
essioi •' rr.;x:r.£ antiseptics with na
vrtnes for the purpose of ar:::.
- itres.
Perfect in Appointment.
The Hammara Baths, at 11 Grant ave
nue, established since IST2. have re
cently changed hands. They are now
owned and will be personally conducted
by Mr. E. F. B : - for ten years ihe
manager of the El Paso de Rob'.es
Hotel. Few hotel men of the State are
better known than he and a safe In
ference is that none appreciate better
• is demanded ir. the conduct { a
thoroughly satisfactory modem Hsini-
mam Bath. Since October 12 repairing,
refurnishing arid redecorating have
been going steadily on under the vigor
ous supervision of Mr. Burns until now
• the baths present the aspect of a new
institution. The ladies' and gentlemen's
departments both have been recar;
painted and supplied with new beds.
New and modern apparatus have been
introduced, one feature being the
change of plans of the steam room. The
steam is now introduced to the room
through perforated cylinders that con
tain eucalyptus leaves, the result being
a fragrant and healthful atmosphere.
Refreshments of all kinds are served
to guests and are guaranteed of the
best. Mr. Burns* policy will be to con
duct a comfortable and cleanly estab
lishment, with the best service obtain
able in constant attendance. •
'•Hen" Moore a Beggar.
>ienry Moore, better known as "Hen"
Moore, who was the center field of the
; old Pioneer baseball team in lsS5, was be
j fore Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge
lof vagrancy. He was arrested Tuesday
j night while begging on Market street.
i The Judge let him oft with a sentence of
I twenty-four hours in the City Prison.
Baldwin Fire.
Sale of the Kinberly gem and watch
house. Only three more days to buy
watches and jewelry saved from the
Baldwin fire at one-half of manufactur
ers" cost. 123 Kearny street. •
Algeria is the only country in the world
where the horses outnumber the human
beings.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN
Are Cured
/\nci Strengthened
By
DR. MEYERS & CO.
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS.
Men who are suffering
from the effects of nerv-
ous deb.iity, wasting
weakness lost vitality,
contracted ailments, etc.,
can find quick and per-
manent relief at the
hands of these success-
ful specialists.
No Pay Till Cnre Is Effected.
Dr. Me/ers & Co. hare such confi-
dence in their successful remedies
and methods that they will let the
patient deposit the price of a cure in
any bank or with any business house
or newspaper in San Francisco, to be
paid to them when a cure is effected,
or the doctors will accept monthly
nstallments if the patient prefers.
CONSULTATION FREE.
DR. MET¥rS & CO.,
731 K»rk«t Bt . 6*o FrueiM*.
Elevator Entrance.
adv_:btisements.
||This "
/fills ■
If, Wonder-
lllV ful !
One wou'd exclaim on
•cein£ a Two-H:aded
Man ; so you will like-
wise ejaculate when
jxu see
THE WASP,
Which for a novelty,
as well as an interest-
ingly artistic publica-
tion, presents in its
CHRISTMAS SOUVENIR
Sixty - four pages of
pictures of San Fran-
cisco, such as have
never been seen before.
These views defy all
hitherto accepted laws
of photography inas-
much as they photo-
graph several streets
at one time, and both
sides of the street in
detail. This has
NEVER BEFORE BEEN DONE
by any journal in the
world. It is a strictly
new feat in photog-
raphy and must be seen
to be appreciated. In
these pictures SAN
FRANCISCO is seen as
it really looks. Get an
XMAS WASP
with these New and
Astonishing
VIEWS
and send it to your
Eastern and Foreign
Friends. They will ap-
preciate it highly.
On sale at all News
Stands. Price 25 cents.
__
Holiday Hints.
Buyers will find the largest and handsomest
I assortment of USEFUL AND DURABLE
HOLIDAY GIFTS in San Francisco at the
store of the
PALACE HARDWARE CO..
603 MARKET STREET,
From 52.50 UF.
CARVERS.
MANICURE SETS.
SCISSOR SETS, new patterns, useful .
and very tjand'sorje.
TOILET SETS.
SHAVING CASES.
RfIZOR SETS
POCKET CUTLERY. 500 styles.
VENETIAN LANTERNS-
CANDELABRA AND CANDLESTICKS
TABLE CUTLERY.
PLATED V.'ARE,
CHILD'S SETS. Etc.
THE
Children's Hospital
INVITES the attention of the public to
I the need of IMMEDIATE and SUB-
STANTIAL DONATIONS if the institu-
tion is to be kept open. The "Hoe]
for Children and Training School for
Nurses" is in desperate circumstances.
During the past year there has been no
public entertainment given for this
worthy charity, and because of the gen-
. eral interest of the people in Red Cross
work and needs of soldiers the hospital
has received but little private help.
DO NOT FORGET
THE SICK CHILDREN.
DONATIONS of groceries, linen, cloth-
ing, fuel, drugs, etc., WILL BE SENT
FOR at any time designated. Donations
received at
COULTER BROTHERS,
227 Suiter Street.
AMUSEJII.VTB. -
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SPECIAL!
The One Great Musical Event of
the Season !
THE WORLD'S MOST EMINENT PIANIST.
ROSENTHAL!
: This Unrivaled Virtuoso of the Piano Will
Appear Here in
THREE GRAND PERFORMANCES!
Under the Direction of HENRY WOLFSOHN.
TUESDAY EVENING .JANUARY 3
THURSDAY EVENING JANUARY 5
SATURDAY MATINEE JANUARY 7
THE HIGHEST MUSICAL AUTHORITIES
ON ROSENTHAL.
i "Even Rubinstein had not such a mastery of
the piano." — York Herald.
•'Ro««nthal is the wizard of the piano.'*— New
York Tribune.
'■Rosenthal aroused the great audience to aa
' extraordinary demonstration." — New York
\V r.i _
"Rosenthal is so great that he can be com-
pared only to Liszt or Rubinstein."— London
{Engrland) Court Journal.
Sale of Seats for the Three Performance* Will
Begin TUESDAY, December. 27, at » a. m.. at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'* Music Store, where
programmes can be secured.
PRICES 11. $: and $3
According to Location.
I STEINWAY PIANO USED.
AMUSEMENTS.
. ■■■ ■■ ■
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST ■ NIGHTS-^-MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Popular Irish Comedian,
DANIEL SULLY
In the Comedy-Drama Success,
O'Brien, the Contractor
EXTRA— Beginning NEXT SUNDAY.
I Nights and 2 Matinees Only.
NANCE O'NEIL
And an Ausraented Company.
First Four Ni?his m Ann a
And Monday Matinee. i"l/-\VJ \Jt\.
Next Thre* - v .:«— "GUY MANNERING."
Saturday Matinee— ' MAR."
Sur.day Ni?ht— "OLrVEß TWIPT."
Seats Now Ready at Box Office and Em-
porium.
COLUMBIA THEATER
LAST NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
HOYT'S Greatest Farce Triumph.
A Parlor Match
A Hit of Mastodonic Proportions.
EXTRA-Next Week.
First Performance Monday Matinee.
V. B. WESTS SUPERB, BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE.
The n«t refir.ed. artistic minstrel organiza-
tion .-. the world.
SEATS NOW READY.
,
THE RAPPO SISTERS,
RUSSIAN CHARACTER DANCERS.
THE 3 LUKINS, Acrobats.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN. New Stortei.
Songs and Humor.
WESTON & HERBERT, Comedy Musical
Artists.
HORACE GOI.DIN. Illusionist.
THE MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists.
JULIUS P. WITMAKK New Sengs.
FRANK LA MCINDTi;. the Mute Comedian.
La, t week of -An patty bears.
Reserved seats ¥.*:. balcony 100. opera chairs
and box seats Me.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COMEDY THEATER.
OUR XMAS HOLIDAY GREETING.
The Ever Gay
HOYT"S
"A BUNCH of KEYS"
BRIGHTER AND BETTER THAN EVER.
mop.:-: GOOD FUN!
.MORE GOOD LAUGHS:
■ MORE PRETTY GIRLS!
Than AH Farce Comedies Combined.
DOLL MATINEE SATURDAY
GRAND XMAS MATINEE SUNDAY.
PRlCES— Evening lie. JSc. SSc. 500
Matinees 15c and Ko
HOLIDAY MATINEE MONDAY. Dec. 26,
-a hokan-cs or cog:; hollow. •
SEATS NOW SELLING.
ALCAZAR SEATS BTPHOSS
ALrUAZrAK Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
FAMILY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. ROLAND REED'S
Merry, Breezy, Happy Comedy.
HumbuG
PRICES— ISc. 25c, 35c. 50c.
I Extra Matinee SUNDAY. Benefit Stage Chil-
! dren, ■ FIR.ST BORN." by Juveniles.
Next Week— Christinas Mat'-.ee Monday—
Hoyt's "i. MIDNIGHT BELL."
SEATS NOW READY.
MOROSCO'S GRAND S3
V a-tkb Mobosco, Sole Lessee and Managex.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
COMMENCING MONDAY. DEC. ii. I*3B.
Revival of the old favorite.
UNCLE TOM'S
........CABIN
LESLIE MOROSCO as Mark*.
A WORLDS RECORD.
During MR. MOROSCO'S managerial career
In this city he has given sclS consecutive per-
formances.
Popular prices. 10c, ■c and 50c
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Mxr.
—TO-NIGHT—
-THE HOME TRIUMPH!—
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE.
THE YELLOW DWARF.
Splendid Cast— Grand Ballets— Catchy Musio.
Timely Topicals— Merry Skits.
The Beautiful Transformation.
••THE F^l\/E SENSES."
A Delight for Young and Old.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Bring the Children.
Popular prices. *5 and Ui cents. N. B.— A r*-
served seat for the Matinee. 25 cents. Our. tel-
ephone. Bush i. Secure your seats in advance.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
1 1317 A T~BI LL IN * THE
VJl\£iAl FREE THEATER!
DE ELBERT SISTERS. Transformation
Dancers; ROBERT WANNELLY. Boy Sopra-
no- k. S. RHORER. Barytone with Moving
i Pictures; JEANETTE LILFORD. Impersona-
'■ tor- MAJtCO BROS.. Contcrtionisti; THE
STANLEYS. KELLEY AND VIOLETTE. So-
ciety Sketch Artists, and ENDLESS NOVEL-
• TIES.
SEE "JOE STORMS JR.." "SALLY" and
"CONGO."
TO-NIGHT-AMATEUR NIGHT!
| 10c Including Zoo and Theater: Children. 5c
i SPECIAL! — CHRISTMAS TREE next
' MONDAY! PRESENTS FOR ALL THE
j CHILDREN! !
F». C J. C
aNGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
DECEMBER 12th fiFDECEMBER 26th.
MONDAY— THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP.
T-wo Miles. » Entries.
j Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
i 1:15 p. in.
Round-trip tickets. 15 cents.
Electric car* on Mission and Kearny streets
j every three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
mr*^^^^^*An.M Big ** '■* » non-pominw
.^^^SByS^iQfOU r"a*-ijr for Gonorrhcea,
,*3«S*'CCBEb^L3 Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
XS&ix l» s i-Jit* Whites, a aa t i ■ * 1 -ii».
/njVf Garu^i ■ cnarg»«. or any inflamcta-
Xlbjf (M ■» ttri»«ra. lion, irritation or elcera*
j* 1 •% frtT'in eoa'^gi'ae. lioa of mucous mem-
f7^TH:En'<sC--EU'''LC3. t^=«. S<«-*rtriageat.
"1 „ ; *&P°? Kllt »a Pla'-a wrapper,
jtS^w. L^S^S* b^ exprew. prepaid, fcr
n'&lP &i f 1 - 00 - <> r 3 bottle*. ip.ra. .
"•»*3GaS^* v ■* Ctrcaiir tut oa rnaort.
.WeeMy Gall $1.50 per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker.
Wheat and Barley firmer.
Oats and Corn strong.
Rye slightly higher.
White Beans firm and colored lower.
Hay firm with light arrivals.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables continue to advance.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs the same.
Turkeys sold readily at an advance.
Three cars of Eastern Turkeys came In.
Apples and Oranges in free supply.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Decreased exports of Produce.
NEXT MONDAY A HOLIDAY.
As Christmas falls on Sunday the following
day (Monday) will be a legal holiday. The
banks, stock boards. Custom House, Produce
X'" and business houses generally will
l>e ilosed. The Produce Exchange yesterday
to adjourn from Friday noon to Tues
day morning.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of Produce from this port during
the nrst sloven months of the year were $33.
113.200, against $40,597,000 for the same time In
1817, the leading amounts being as follows: To
Atlantic ports. $2,774,700; Great Britain. JS.6S7,-
Ihlna, 53,313,300; Japan. $4,334,700; Africa,
ll.20S.600; Australia, $1,579,600: Mexico, $1,388.
600; Central America, $1,591,800; Hawaiiaji Isl
uids. 15. 3 yd, 600.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 21, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In the past twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 9.57 15.37
Red Hiuff 0.00 3.81 6.08
Sacramento 0.20 3.52 4.38
Ban Francisco 0.00 3.99 4.c?
Fresno 0.10 1.92 1.89
fan Luis Obispo 0.00 1.34 1.68
Lus Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
Fun Diego 0.01 0.65 1.41
Vuma 0.00 1.32 0.81
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
J3; minimum. 44; mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies Oregon and
Idaho, which is moving rapidly southeastward.
The pressure throughout Oregon. Southern
Mann, Nc-rthern Nevada and Utah is above
K.S inches. Already the pressure has begun
t.i fail at Eureka, a change amounting to .1
Df an inrh in the past 12 hours.
Knir weather prevails throughout the Pacific
State*, except in Washington and Idaho, ;
where it is cloudy. Fair fiveather will con
tinue in California Thursday, followed by In
creasing cloudiness Thursday night In north !
portion.
Killing frosts are likely to occur in Northern !
California to-night.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
loura ending midnight. December 22, 1898:
Northern California?— Fair Thursday, but with
Increasing cloudiness on the northern coast; |
Urartner in southeast portion Thursday; fresh
north wind, shifting to easterly.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
north wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; cooler In south por
tion.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
Fresh northeast wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — Clear; wind
northeast, 13 miles; temperature. 46; maxi
mum, 46. W. H. HAMMON.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORIC. Dec 21.— The market waa I
rtrong most of the day, particularly in the late |
trading. Fractional Rains were general In the I
railway?, while the advance In a number of i
bpecialties reached considerable proportions. A
curious exception to the general advance was j
noticed in stocks where dividends have Just j
been declared, namely, New York Central, j
Southern preferred and Atchlson preferred. In j
pome quarters large dividends had been ex
pected and in the case of Southern preferred
and Atchison preferred, a statement had been
looked forward to that they could be put on a
regular dividend basis instead of disbursements
from time to time as the earnings warranted.
A considerable increase in its quarterly sur
plus was responsible for New York Central's I
rise from the extreme low point. The efforts |
of London to cover short lines in Americans I
pave tone to the local market early. Most
stocks unaffected by special developments or
foreign quotations were freely offered by trad
ers, hut this caused little more than a period
of ..esltancy and a shading in railway quota
tions. Rumors that the Chicago and Alton :
had been secured in the interest of the Union i
Pacific and the Baltimore and Ohio resulted !
in a sharp rise in all the securities mentioned.
Federal Steel stocks were bought confidently
by the fame parties who have recently been i
large purchasers: at the same time they em- i
phatically denied rumors that Federal Steel
was about to absorb another large concern.
The Southwestern railways were very promi
nent in to-day's activity and strength.
The bond market showed irregularity In
■pots, profit taking being evident In Atchlson
adjustments. The general market, notwith
standing the Hesitancy of some Issues, dis
played a very ■ healthful undertone. Total
tales, $5,040,000. United States old fours reg
istered advanced %c in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 845 900
pharos. including: Atchison, 27,625; Atchison
preferred. 78.700; Baltimore and Ohio, 6668-
Central Pacific, 30.420; Chesapeake and Ohio
3503; Burlington. 6820; Denver and Rio Grande
2350; Denver and Rio Grande prefer*-- 4559-
Lake Erie and Western. 5554; Lake Erie and
western preferred, 8518: Louisville and Nash
yiiie, 7620; Manhattan, 5900; Minnesota and St
Louis, 5220; Missouri Pacific, 7100; Missouri
Pacific preferred, 7440: New York Central 5120-
Northern Pacific. 8820: Rock Island. 10,620 :
X nlon Pacific, 47,620; Union Pacific preferred'
32.32"; St. Paul, 19,320; Southern Pacific 8450-
Southern preferred, 15,200; Texas and
Pacific. 43,1&p; Paper, 13,840; Tobacco, 11,080-
Federal Steel. 95.020; Federal Steel perferred
n?'^! : £*? rle ' G " ' 5520: Consolidated Gas!
IV , 2 , : lorado Fuel and Iron > 3350; Pacific
Mail 5090; Sugar, 56.200; Western Union, 440-
M. Louis and Southwestern preferred, 12 9GO :
Chicago and Great Western, 6700 '
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison . u% Do 2d prefd 33H
Do prefd SOYs St L & S W 7»i
Baltimore & Ohio. 72* Do prefd l '.'.'.V' 17$
t anada Pacific .... 84 St Paul . • mS
Canada Southern.. 55% Do prefd ".'.'.'.'" i«i/
Cent Pacific 43* m P & Ora"":*" 92
.Cba & Ohio 25 Do prefd ik«
Chi &. Alton 171 fit P M & M : Tin
Chi B & Q 122 &> Pacific 3 L
Chi & E 111 110 IWo rli way""""' 1$
Chi GW d 15* iTexai prefab.." iK
''I' '"'I *1 1» 4 1 Texas Pacific .. is«t
Lh rl Ind L 7fc, Union Pacific 42%
Do prefd 31 Do nrefd t?t!
Chi & KiW 141% ;up p d & d/M *
cfc' f g T -&?ir s L.... 44 „*""« paid..'.... gu
rV & .. bt L.... 44 Wabash gu
Do preid :••; Do r , re A
RS * Hud 5 0n....10.; 'whoel P & 1 E/Vth "
t» 2 »i A * aF ™t Paid. 6S
Del & K:o G 11  ., pr?M# 4th «"»
Do preid *»■«+ assmt paid... 26»:
Do iTprefd "> X% XX>T 'i Companles-i
Ft A\ayne 176 American Ex ...»4
i;t Nor prefd 13 * United States '"\n
I locking alley... |U Wells Fargo". "~J&
Illinois Cent ... 113% Miscellaneous-
Lake Erie & W.. 21% A Cot 01 , ......... 33
,Do I"?™ 7o /R Do prefd ... "" K%4
Lake Shore 201* Amn WplritVgfe^ UK
Louis '•■ Nash MJ» Do prefd .... v<t
Manhattan L .... .-,•-, Am Tobacco".'.V.::-l4o>|
Met St liy V»l% Do prefd . j»« \
Mich Cent 11l p ons ,•;., i»-
Minn & st i^jvajjiromcabiVco::::::!?!-
Do Ist prefd.... 9i\n Col F & r... 23V
Ml Pacific 43 Do nrf-ffl -7
Mobile i 01110 — Bft Gen Electric":::::: tiu.
NyN y Bw^iP^i li^dTca,,":::::: g
N J .r^^'e-'V *>c Gas U
*• x < li! & St L.. jl .Load '>-»'
Do Ist prefd 83 ! Nat»3£ OH —7^*
Nor West U x ; Lin Oil!!":": «|
gor A\est 16U Pacific Mall .. 4^
No nn m r Co ./jiV IVople's Gas ios<i
No Pacific «%pS man Pal .... 149
Do prerd ....... .-, silver Cert .. |5i
Or R & Nay ..::::^d;:^ ard H*'T t"'u.
Or. Short Line 39 1 Do prefd 11$
Pac Coast Ist prefd. T<■ I Iron::::: X"^
,Do » M Pref d -? U 8 Leather .... 6
r'ituburg 172 Do rr ,. r(1 .... g| .
Uea<lln X ..... "US Rubber '«4
Do Ist prefd 46% Do prefd .. uT*
R_g « - 26 West Union ... &>;
Do P/efd 64 Pod steel C 0... 44? i
Rock Island ......10'j'i Do prefd so *
Bt L 4 S F »8« Brooklyn Rt":':: 72%
Do prefd r,v: i ' — (i '»
CLOSING BONDS.
DB 3? 107 N y Central lsts .11714
U S new 4s re&....107 NJ C sk. ii*
, [> " coup 129* N Carolina 6>"""'iv-
V S 4s 129 Do 45.... jot
Do coup .HSU N T o racists..'!' "'VK
Do 2ds 114 Do 3f» ,".V
L' BKg rp«r »MI Do 4«... ""102'*
Do us coup 113?, N V C & St L 4s"l0M»
District 3.65s 112% Nor .<:- W. C 5 ,....";. 127*
Ala class A 118 Northwestern con'll3
Do B in Do deb :,s . lJa«
Do C 103 o Nay Ma ;;i;n4
Do Currency 10) O Nay 45.......... 93x1
Atrhinr>n 4s 100 OS Lino 6s tr.. llsv
Do adj 4s fl!».i OS Line 5s tr..:!li t
Can Bo 24a 78% Pacific 6s of 95..- ]-:'
Can lao lsts .110H neadlnu 4b.....:... So 2
C&XV tr os 91 R<; W 15t5........ 92
<• & O 4V55*... ...... MU St I- & I M con 85.104
Chi T45.. ........ 117% St L & S V gen 6s. 124%
D * I! O 15t5......10t% St 1' C0n.... 162
D a It a 45..... ..M5. St i c & P ists.... in ■»
I'.aM Term lsts 102 -| Do 5b .....:..120i4
Erie Gen 4s 1074 So Ry 55............1u5
F W & D lsts tr.. 75% 1 Stand R & T 65... S2V&
Gen Elec 6s: 854, Tenn new set 35... 94%
GH&S A6s 108 Tex Pac L O lsti. .loo
Co 2d5... 107 1 Do Be 2d5. ...... ii%
H&T C6s 103 UP 4s ..103'i
Do con 6s 112 UPD & G 15t8.... 87
lowa C lsts 112 IWab Ist 55.. ...... .113%
Kan P Con tr 105^1 Do 2d5. ..;........ io 1/*1 /*
La new con 4s 107 IW Shore 4s 112 1 *
LAN Uni 4s 9714 Va Centuries S3
Missouri 6s 100' | Do deferred 7
M X Si T 2ds 67%jWis Cent lsts 6354
Do Ids SOf 4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 21 Ontario .5 00
Crown Point 14 Ophir 50
Con Cal & Va 1 15 Plymouth V) |
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver .....:.. 1 50
Gould & Curry 24 j Do prefd. 400 ;
Hale & Norcross.. 1 W) Sierra Nevada SO j
Homestake 60 00 1 Standard 2 10
Iron Silver 72 Union Con 12
Mexican 27 Yellow Jacket 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Eiec Tel .......196
Call loans ....2@3 Gen Elec prefd 158
Time loans Atch prefd 50%
Stocks — Bonds—
Atoh Top & St Fe. 18% Atchison 4s 98
Amer Sugar 125 General Elec 5s 10S
Do prefd 11 IK, Mining Shares-
Bay State Ga5. ...2 9-ls'Allouez Mln C 0.... «
Bell Tel... 274 Atlantic 31
Boston A Albany.. 246 Boston A Mont 255
Boston & Maine. ..l7o Butte & Boston 92!4
Boston L .1. 82 Calumet & Hec1a..615
Chi Bur A Q 122 Centennial 31
FJtchburg 107% Franklin 21%
Gen Electric 93 Old Dominion 31%
Mexican Central.. 6 lOsceola 76^i |
NY A N Eng 96 Quincy 13 r
Old Colony 198% Tamarack ....170
Rubber :.... 44H Wolverine 32 I
Union Pac 42% Humboldt 3*£
West End..... SSV4 Union Land 11 a;
\VesUngh Elec 39H Adventure 9%
Do prefd. .„ 61%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablfrram says: The
markets here were dull this morning, but a
brisker business was done later in sympathy
with Americans, which opened good, and then
bounded upward, with Baltimore and Ohio and
Central Pacific leading. New York caused a
small setback afterward, but soon bought
Union Pacific, causing a resumption of the
rise. American sales began when the market
closed, causing a flat finish. There has been
big buying- here, with the Idea of laying in
stock for the new year. The new French loan
Is said to be practically arranged. Gold was
bid for et 78s by Germany. Money Is easing.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 87V»; Grand Trunk, T%; bar
silver flat. 27 a »d; money, 3 per cent; Spanish
4's closed at 45%.
PARIS, Dec. 21.— Spanish 4's cloeed at 45.45.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
41.000 bbls.; exports, 21.214 bbls. Firmer, with
business checked by advancing prices. Wheat
receipts, 125,800 bus.; exports, 32,317 bus. Spot
firm; No. 2 red, 77*4 c f.o.b. afloat. Options
opened easy with cables. For a time holiday
dullness and depression prevailed, but on a
late bulge in corn shorts started an excited
buying movement that advanced prices over a
cent per bushel. Even Liverpool cables were
offset by continental strength and foreign buy-
Ing here, but export trade was light. The
close was strong, 'ffc'fflHc net higher. Decem
ber, 73»i'i?74»fec, closed 74">»c; March, 74 6-16®
75 7 ic. closed 75*4 c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PIG IRON— Warrants quiet, but firm; still
quoted at $7 50 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Firmer, with $12 85 bid and
$13 asked.
TlN— Quiet but firm; $18 15 bid and $18 30
asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $3 75 bid and $3 80 asked.
Lead was quoted at $3 60 and copper at $12 75
by the firm fixing the settling price for lead
ing miners and smelters at the West.
SPELTER— DuII, $5 25 nominal.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged,
to five points lower. Sales. 4500 bags, includ
ing: January, $5 SO; March, $6; May, $fi 10;
June, $6 15; July, $6 15: September, $6 30.
Spot coffee — Rio, quiet: No. 7 invoice, 7c; No.
7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild, market firm; Cordova, 1\
©15c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 9« test, 4Hc; molasses, 3Hc; re
fined, quiet.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21— BUTTER-Reoelpts.
9631 packages; weak. Western, 19® 21c; Elglns,
21c; factory, 12<§14Hc.
EGGS— Receipts, 45f>3 packages; firm. West
ern, 26c; Southern. 22525 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— California dried fruits
firm; evaporated apples, common, 7(5 8c; prime
wire tray. S%c; choice, 9@9V t r; fancy, 10c.
Prunes — 4<glo>^c. Apricots— Royal, lf@ll»ic:
Moorpark, 14©17 c. Peaches— Unpeeled, BVi@
12Vac; peeled, 18@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— For two hours following
the opening In wheat the market was ex
tremely dull. The opening was weak and
lower. Liverpool showed , declines ranging
from % to %d and Paris also reported a de
cline. The weather In Argentine was report
ed to have greatly improved, while rains in.
Calfiornia continued, giving promise of a very
heavy crop. May opened %c lower at 66%
666%. The market held at about that price
for a short time, then slowly, but surely, de
veloped strength and ' activity. Corn was the
big factor. That market got into new high
ground and the sharp advance rather frighten
ed wheat Shorts, who came into the market In
gradually Increasing numbers. To strengthen
the bull situation Paris reported an advance in
wheat equal to l@l%c per bushel. The market
became very active after noon. Shorts
found considerable difficulty in covering any
thing but very small lots, and in the last hour
they bid prices up with a rapidity that was
refreshing to traders with wheat for sale.
Trade late In the session was very broad and
general. May advanced to 68% c shortly be- !
fore the close and that price was asked as the ;
bell sounded. I
Corn opened rather weak and slightly lower,
due to weak cables and the poor quality of
corn receipts, . but soon became strong and
during the latter part of the session was re
markably active and firm. Export demand was
again excellent. Shippers were large buyers
against sales of cash. This started shorts to
covering, . but corn was scarce until prices had
been bid up sharply. Leading bull Interests
also bought aggressively. ■ May closed l%c
higher. i-r-7-'
Oats were rather slow, but strong. The ad
vance in corn was the main factor, causing
scattered covering by shorts all day. May
closed %c higher.
Provisions were decidedly dull, compared
with wheat and corn. The market was rather
wobbly at first, due to heavy foreign markets
and free selling by packers. The strength of
the grain markets later brought plenty of
buyers into the market and in the latter pa
of tne session the market was firm, prices ad
vancing a little. At the close May pork was
Be lower. May lard 2%@5c higher and ribs 5c
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: V, #
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 65*4 66Vi 65% 66
May 67 6SH 66% 6S
July ..... 65% 66* 6.,'s 66
Corn No. 2—2 —
December 34% 35% 24% 85%
Ma > 35«.; JgJ -V, , 36%
'>' ••••••• "* ' m * ** 3 «*
Oats No. 2—
May 26«» 27 26% 27
July ■•"••• •• 24% 24% 24* 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel- * *
January ..9 35 9 42% 935 9 42%
May. .....:..!> 62% 975 9 62% 9 72%
a Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 5 05 5 10 6 05 5 10
May 530 535 5 27% 532
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January ...4 62% 4 674 4 62% 465
May . .^4 SO 485 480 485
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat. 64% c; Xo.
3 spring wheat. «]'■/,! No. 2 red 68@69c-
No. 2 corn, 35*«®36c; No. 2 oats, 26Vi@26%c; No
2 white, 28W<&'"!»%c; No. 3 white, 2Sig2B>ic; No'
2 rye. 64% c: No. 2 barley, f. o. b., 40%<®4Sy. c -
No. 1 flax seed. $1 05; prime timothy seed. |2 30;
mess pork, per barrel. $S 1608 20; lard, per 100
pounds. $3 05*15 10: Fhort t ribs sides (loore)
$4 40@4 SO; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4Vi@
4 1 »c; short clear sides (boxed). $4 Ss@4 87%
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon
$1 26; sugars, cut loaf. 6.95 c; granulated, 5.33.-.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 77.000 51000
Wheat, bushels '.......255.000 24 000
Corn, bushels 564.000 164*000
Oats, bushels :. 549,000 .' : 24 S 000
Rye. bushels 59.000 29 000
Barley, bushels 142,000 15.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@20c: dall
ies, UfilSc. Cheese, quiet; B«i@lo%c. Egi* •
quiet; fresh. 21@21 1 / * *
WHEAT ' MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels
Minneapolis 534,830 89 6'»o
I'uluth 148,000 - SS.K<O
Milwaukee P5.250 •' a ion
Chicago ...'.111?.'.'.'.?."'.'.'.'. 254,786 23"653
Toledo .......:.... ....•43.060 .^-4000
St. Louis-.......:..'.........: 41,000 7 000
Detroit 33,153 12240
Kansas City 36,500 60,000
Totals .•....'.....„.. 1,160,499 252 7«3
Tidewater—
Boston 26.355 66.539
New york '.'..'..'.'.'.'. 125,800 32 117
Philadelphia 4 24« 113097
Baltimore 130.743 6S 000
New Orleans 134 «61
Galveston 64.040 ,96!oo0
Totals '. • 351.214 610.81*
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat- Dec. . Mar • May.
Opening 5 11 5 9H 5 vi
Closing 6 10% 69% -6 7%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour—
Opening ......43 35 **"
C wn" at--"a t--" ••:•;;•;•••:••••«« .. .« oo
Opening 20 50 20 80
Closing .......„ ..........20 75 21 10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— CATTLE— Good to choice
matured beeves were largely s@loc higher to
day, with an active demand. Sales were on
a basts of $3 So@4 50 for common grades up to
$555 35 for good to prime cattle; extra fine
beeves, $5 60@-5 Go. No really good cattle found
purchasing below $5. Canning cows. $2@2 75;
few prime heifers brought $4 50<g>4 75; calves,
$4@6 75. few going lower than $5.
HOGS— Prices for hogs were stronger and
largely 2V»c higher. Sales, $3 15@3 25 for com
mon up to |3 35@3 47Vi for fair to prime hogs,
$6 35 being the most popular price. Sales
largely $3 35@3 52 V4 for heavy and $3 25@3 35
for light hogs; pigs, $3@3 00.
SHEEP— In poor demand, but lambs were
10c higher for good heavy-weights. Common
lambs sold as low ac $3 75, prime bringing $5 40.
Sales mostly at $4 75@5 15; yearlings, $4®4 50 ;
common to good sheep, $2 50<3>4; choice, $3 55@
4. A few prime sheep brought $4 10@4 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 9000; hogs. 33,000; sheep, 10,
000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4500. Market steady to strong. Native steers,
$2 50<g5 20; Texas steers, $3@4 90; Texas cows,
$2 35isj3 25; native cows and heifers. $I©4 50;
stockers and feeders, S3 25@4 60; bulls. $2 50®
3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 12.000. Market steady. Bulk
of sales. $3 25W3 35; heavies, $3 30@3 40; pack
ers, J3 2661 35; mixed, $3 20<@S 35; lights. $3 IB®
3 27H;: yorkers, $3 25@3 27H: pigs. $3@3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000. Market firm. Lambe,
$3 75<g'6 45; muttons, $3@4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1200.
Market active, stronger. Native beef steers,
$4 15®>5 58; Western steers, $3 80@4 30; Texas
steers, $3 60*34 10; cows and heifers, $3^4 15;
canners, $2^3; stockers and feeders. S3 25@4 40;
calves. $4W6 75; bulls, stags, etc., $2@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 12.100. Market a shade
higher. Heavy. $3 I7HM 32^; mixed. S3 30®
3 32H; light. S3 S2»,±@3 40; pigs. $3@3 30; bulk
of sales. $3 3f)®3 32»A.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1600. Market dull, steady.
Native muttons, S3 60®4 30; Westerns. S3 50@4;
etocker sheep, $2 50@3 60; lambs, $3@6.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
Market steady and unchanged. Beef steers,
S3 75@ V 4 60; cows, $2 75@3 50; feeders, freight
paid to river, $3 60@4; stockers do, $3 60@4 16;
bulls, stags, etc.. SI 75@2 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market dull and lower.
Light packers. $3 30@3 35; mixed. S3 22 ; i®3 30;
heavy, $3 10rtT3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. Jl.— The American
Wool and Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The Wool market has continued very active,
the volume of transactions reaching an aggre
gate of over 6.500,000 pounds. A few good-sized
lines have been taken by both local and out
side speculators who believe that the Wools
which they have purchased are cheap. Specu
lative operators have, however, been mostly
confined to Australian Wools In bond, which
are understood to have been moved at prices
not far from 20 cants. The tone of the market
is on the whole steadier.
The sales of the week in Boston amount to
4.435.000 pounds domestic and 2,187,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 6,624,000. against a
total of 5.217.000 for the previous week and a
total of 5.5G3.000 for the corresponding week last
year. Sales since January 1, IS9B, amount to
137,337,500 pounds, against 351,662,100 pounds last
year at this time.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Dec. 21.— Consols. 110%: silver.
27% d; French rentes. lOlf 87% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
buyers withdrawn; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 30s; English country markets, firm.
j LIVERPOOL, Dec. 21.— Wheat, dull; wheat in
Paris, 6teady: flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 3-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot. dull. No. 1 red Northern
spring, 6s Hd; No. 2 Western winter. 6s 2?jd.
CORN — Spot, steady. American mixed, 3s
lid.
CLOSING. *-
WHEAT- Futures closed steady. December.
5s lft%d; March. f,s 9H<l: May, 6s 7%d.
CORN— Futures, steady. January (new crop),
3s SHd; March, 3s B%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 21.— Wheat nominal; ex
port values. Walla Walla, 58c; valley, 60@61c;
blue stem, 62c.
Cleared— British bark Galena, for Queens
town, with 127,232 bushels of Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 21.— Wheat— Club, B8Uc: blue
stem, 61Vi??62c.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Deo. 21.— Exchanges, $264,923;
balances, $49,258.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 82
Sterli. .' Cables — 4 83^
New York Exchange, sight — IB
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 89 1 4
Mexican Dollars 471^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— An advance at Chicago gave this
market more tone and futures advanced. There
was not much going on, however.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%®1 16%; milling
$1 20© 1 22^4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctl«
$1 IS%; 6000. $1 18%.
Second session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 19%; 2000,
$1 V.'\.
Regular morning session— May — 4000 ctls
$1 19%: 4000, $1 20; 22.000, $1 13%.
Afternoon session— May — 2000 ctls, $1 19% • 22 -
000, $1 19%. '
BARLEY— Futures were dull, but there was
more doing on the spot and prices hardened
a fraction.
Feed, $1 25<S1 30;" Brewing, $1 35@1 42 per ctl
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session— May— 2ooo ctli. $1 19.
Atternoon session — No sales.
OATS— The tone was firmer yesterday and
sales were eaßily made at full figures.
Fancy Feed, $1 274,^1 30 per ctl.; good
to choice, $1 224@1 26; common, $1 W;
Surprise, $1 35© 1 42*; Gray, $1 20@l 22V4; Mill
ing, $1 2Fi@l 30 per ctl; Red, $1 4001 47%; Black
$1 oO^l 70.
CORN— The market is showing a good deal
I of strength and several descriptions have ad
1 vanced.
Small round yellow, $1 17@1 20; Eastern
! large yellow. $1 lOigl 12^: white, $1 12V4®1 IS
mixed. $1 07U@l 10 per ctl; California white
$1 12Val 15.
RYE— Is quoted firmer; California, $1 17<4®
1 IStt: Eastern. $1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15®4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90<g4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 23@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $45/4 25: Cracked A\ neat, $3 75; Farina
$4 r.O: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 Ss@6 26; In sacks, $5 65@fi 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay was firm and receipts were only 40 tons,
though there was no change in prices.
HI'. AN— II6OI7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFHS — Rolled Barley, $26 50@27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@3l 50-
Jobbing. $32ti32 50; Cocoanut Cake. J24'g25; Cot
tonseed Meal. f^rgZO per ton; Cornmeaf *23 OOfti
U 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 50@18 for
good to choice and $14ig»16 ior lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $iri®lG SO-
Oat, $14@15 GO: Island Barley, $11@14; Alialfa'
• ck, $11®12; Clover, nominal
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc )—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13 50<§15- Cheat
$11 75@12 75: Alfalfa, $105fl0 50; Oat, $13 sC?>ls :
Clover, $11 50^12; Timothy, $11 50® 13 per ton '
STRA\Y-3C&'7sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Colored Titans are weak and Bayos are es
pecially so. Prices range lower. White de-
Bcriptiins rule firm. •
' BEANS— Bayos.JI 95@2; Small Whites $215
02 20; Large Whites, $150@195; Pinks. $196®
2 05; Reds, $3 15©3 25: Blackeye. • $17604; But
ters. J2@2 50; LI mas, $3 25@3 35; Pea. $2 25®2 4'J-
Red Kidneys, $2 40&2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl
yellow mustard, ■ $4 25; Flax, r $2®2 25; Canary
Seed. 2>4@2%c per lb: Alfalfa, 5%@6»4c; Rape
-■< - : 'v; Hemp. 2V»#3c; Timothy, o@sUc. - ■
DRIED PEAS— $1 50@l 75; Green, $1 75
©1 85 per ctl. . • •
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Vegetables continue to : advance. Potatoes
and Onions are • unchanged. ".
: POTATOES — 50@C5c per ctl for Early Rose;
K@Soc , per Back for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks," 75c@$l 25; Oregon. $I@l 25; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 25@1 40 for. Merced; New Potatoes
lH@2>4c per lb. vV ■■;■? ; • . ' ,
ONIONS— per ctl. /
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, B®9c: String
Beans, 9@loc; Cabbage, 40060 c; Tomatoes, 75c(*
$1 23 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant, ; 12V4@15c per
lb; Garlic, 7@Sc per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per lb-
Green Peppers, s@6c per lb: Dried Peppers, 10®
Be: Marrowfat Squash," $S@lo per ton; Carrots,
26©35 c per sack. ■ : . |
POULTRY AND GAME.
Christmas Turkeys are doing pretty well this
year. Three cars from the East came in yes
terday und sales were quick at Uhi&llhic per
lb. Local Turkeys also did better. Other
Poultry was dull and not materially changed.
A car of Eastern live stock sold at S4 75@5
for Ducks. $4 75<g.5 60 for Hens and $6@6 50 for
young Roosters.
There was no particular change in Game.
POULTRY- Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; live
Turkeys, 13<4<gi4'.'.c for Gobblers and 13H«?J»14V2C
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 oCKSI 75; Ducks,
$*@6; Hens. $3 50(34 50; young Roosters, $4@
4 50: old Roosters. J4; Fryers. $4; Broilers, $4
for large, $s@3 TO for small; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per
dozen for old and SI 60®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, Slffl 25: Mallard, $3@4 50; Can
vasback, $4®7; Sprig. $2<32 50; Teal, $1 25®1 50:
Widgeon. $1 50; Small Duck, $W? 1 25; English
Snipe. $2: Jack Snipe. $101 25; Gray Geese. $2 50
@3: White Geese $1 2.".; Brant, $1 25@1 75; Hon
kers, $3@4 60; Hare, $1: Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Quotations for all descriptions under this
head remain unchanged. Butter anil Cheese are
easy, but Eggs are firm, though the high prices
restrict the demand.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds, 2Sc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25@27c; common
grades, 18@24c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 17@18c; pickled roll,
17@18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 22@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, leQiWyjc per
lb; Elgin, 22@22V4c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12@12%c; old. 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar. 12(i?12%c; Young Amer
ica, 12@13c; Eastern. 10i®12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, S3<fi37^c per dozen; sec
onds, BOASSc: Kastern, 22V»@25c for ordinary
and 28®30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The situation shows no change whatever. Ap
ples, Oranges. Lemons and Limes are the lead
ing fi-uits -at the moment and all are in Ireo
■apply and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, S7 oOylO per barrel for East
ern and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35@60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for chcice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 25@1 75; Spitzenbergs, In barrels, $5@S.
Pears— soc@sl 25 per box.
Persimmons— sl(i?l 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings, 75c!S$l 50; Mandarins, $l<g>l 50;
Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common and J2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, S3 5<V??4; Cali
fornia Limes, 25<g75e per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 60@3 50; Bananas, $1 50®2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50*8, 4H©
5c for 60-60" s, 3">4@3?ic for 60-70' 8, 2%@30 for
70-80's, 2V4@2>>4c for 80-90' s, 2o for 90-100' and
1%@1%c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2^i©sc;
Peaches, 6@7>/4c for good to choice, 7V£@!>c for
fancy and 10@l2&c for peeled; Aprlcot6, 10@12o
for Royals and 12Q>12V4e for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7' ) ;@7V4c: sun dried, 4@4&c; Black
Figs, Backs, 2@2Hc; Plums, "«V4@6c for pitted
and l@l%c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@7c for
prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters and
S@'S»c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%o for two-crown, *4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 6H®6Hc for Seed
less Sultanas. 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2S£ia3o.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S@l2Hc per lb; Walnuts.
6@7c for ' hardshell. 9@loc for softshell; Al
tnondß, 6@7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, U'ti J
15c for paper-shell: Peanuts. C@7c for "Eastern '
and 44»5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc • for bright and S@9c !
for lower grades: water white extracted. 6hi@ 1
"c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5@5V40 !
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per )b.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 7%0 per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light. 10"-4 c
for extra light and 12®12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10%c; California
Hams, 9V4@9&c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl: extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18:- mess, $15 50®
16: Smoked Beef, Il^*n2c per lb.
LARD— quoted at sVic per lb for com
pound and 7<S7'-ic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
7%c: 10-Ib tins, 7%c; 6-lb tins, Be.
COTTOLENE - Tierces, 5%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 In a case, 9<£c- I
8-Ib palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, Si£c: 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb '
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7T4c: wooden buckets, 20 j
lbs net. 8 l ,*c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 10c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. g' 2 c; light. 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf. 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c: culls and brands. 12c; dry
Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool, 30<*4^c
each; medium. 60@80c; lon* wool. 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75<82 for large and
75c for small: Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry. $150
for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3i.4@3%c per It);
No. 2. 294 c; refined, 4%<B>sc: Grease, 2c.
v\ OOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7<g9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months'. 8«9c; Foothill and Northern free 12
©14c: Foothill and Northern, defective. Siraiic-
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@15c; Nevada 99
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10®12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 91SII
Northern Mountain 7<a s
Southern ... " m 7^
Plain* 5-3> 6
HOPS— crop. 12Vj@14c per tt> for ordinary,
14H<015Hc for good and 16@lSc for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
_____
Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%«?5c; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags. $4 S5.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8;. Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle.
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $3; Wallsend. ' $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 60@9 In bulk and $10
@10 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. $7 $0; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk
and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, s\c; Conrec
tlonera 1 A, 63ic; California A. 6«4c; Magnolia A
5%c; Extra C. s'-4c; Golden C, g c; half-barrels
%c more than barrels, ur ' boxes %c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— The President Thlers takes for
Liverpool 572,575 feet of redwood, valued at $10.
400*
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality, «c;
third quality, 4%(55%c.
VEAL— Large, 6!-i®7V£c; small. 6%@Bc per It)
MUTTON-Wethers, 7@7V4c; Ewes, 7c
LAMB— 7%@Sc per It). '
PORK— Live Hogs, 4®4^c for large. 4%@4%0
for medium, and 3'4@3V>c ' for small; stock
Hogs, 2*4 g3c; dressed Hogs, 6@6>/4c for prime.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Wednesday, December 21.
Flour, qr sks 20,023, Wool, bales 24
Whpat, ctls I.47o' Hops, baU>s 26.S
Barley, ctls 7.4.V1 Straw, tons SS
Rye. ctls s^o Polts, bdls 188
Cheese, otla 61 Hides, no f,w
Butter, ctls 130 Brandy, gals 3,400
Beans, sks 1,863 Wine, gals 3!t K.'O
Potatoes, sks 2,? i») Eggs, doz 6,370
Onions, "sks SSlQulcksllver, flks. 50
Bran, sks 1,34.')! Raisins, bxs 262
Middlings, sks 740, Leather, r0115.... 1(16
Hay, tons 40 1 Sugar, sks 300
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 20.056 Potatoes, sks 3,751
Barley, ctls 7, -145, 8 ran, sks 1,600
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry Levy to William E. Price, lot on NE
corner of Golden Gate avenue and Fillmore
street. N 90 by E 45; $10.
Augustln S. Mucdonald to L. H. Robins, lot
on SE corner of Ix>mbard and Scott streets, E
137 :e by S 1»7:6: $10.
Pierre A. Fortier (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibernia Savings ana Loan Society
lot on N line of Eddy street. 125 W of Devisa
dero, W 105 by N 137:6, 57,268; $12,011.
Louis and Jennie Frledlander to Theodore P
Sehaller, lot on S line of Oak etreet, 100 W of
Baker. W 33 by S 137:6; $10.
Jules E. Voisinet to Emma L. Voisinpt (wife),
lot on W line of Laurel avenue, IC7:7V« N of
California street, N 25 by W 112:6; gift.
Almira I. Holeomb to George F. and H. N.
Gray, lot on X\V corner of Green and Caihouii
streets, W 22:11 by N 65:9; $10.
Louisiana S. Foster to Mrs. Sarah Wakefleld
lot on W line of Jones street. 93:9 N of Sacra
mento, N 30 by W 127:6; $10.
Libba Oberdeener to Houghton Sawyer, lot
on E line or Jones street, 6o N of Sutler N
30 by E &■;.); $10.
William and Christine M. Ehrenpfort to Claus
Spri'i-kela, lot on SW line of Third street 95
SE of Market, SE 25 by SW 75: $10.
Louise Gauthier to Delia E. Gray., lot on SE
line of Perry street, 300 SWotW ot Fourth, SW 25
by SE SO; $10.
Anna E. Milntyre (Patridge, wife of A. D.)
and J<?annett» C. and Alice E. Patridge to
Agathe L. Vlllegla. lot on SW line of Fifth
street, 30 N\V of Harrison, NW 100 by SW 75
$lO.
John O. Reis to Samuel Davis, lot on NW
line of Hubhell street, 160:6 NE of Sixth, NE
229:2 by NW j:j7:6; $10.
Guliun P. and Caroline Rlxford to Nlcolaus
and Anna Hesse, lot on SE corner of California
street and Twenty-second avenue, E 30 by S
90, quitclaim deed; $10.
Alameda County.
William H. Knight (administrator of estate
of Joseph Hoffmann) to Robert Douglas, lot on
E line of Campbell Btreot. 70 S of Tavlor S
25 by E 100. block 698, Oakland; $750.
Lucy R. and Mary A. Simpson fby attorney)
to Beatrice Hanks, lot on S line of Simpson
avenue. 22.'). 90 Wof Telegraph avenue, W25 by
S 106.33, being the W H of lot 7, Simpson Tract
Oakland; $1000.
Arthur W. and L. S. Foster to Sarah Waks
field, lots 1 to 6, block R, Revised Map Oak
land Heights, Oakland; $10.
George I. and Rebecca Hill to Home Secu
rity Building and Loan Association, lot on N
line of Hanover avenue, 300 W of Newtonave
nue. W 100 by N 145, East Oakland: $10.
Robert and Frances G. Ferral to John R.
Fairchild, lot on N line of Emerson street, 89.1S
E of Stanford avenue, E 89.13 by A 105, block
L. Newbury Tract, Berkeley; $10
Frederick H. and Mabel IT. Scares to James
; 6 , en ' lot on E llne of Arcn street. 150.42 S
of H.lgard avenue. S 50.14, E 142.08, N 50. W
135.320 to beginning, being lot 2, block 4, Cor
rected Map Daley's Scenic Park Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
Mary A. Smith to Joseph and Elizabeth Fox.
lot on E line of Sacramento street at the point
of its intersection by the line dividing lots 31
o-,,o 34 ' block 2 - Spauldtng Tract, thence S
KB.l*, E 209.10, E 49.'70, N 248.96, W 258.50 to be
ginning, block 2, Spaulding Tract, Berkeley;
San Francisco Savings Union to Susan H.
Israel (wife of William L.), lot 24, block 11,
Amended Map. Central Park. Alcatraz and
Newberry Stations, Berkeley $225
THE STOCK MARKET.
Yesterday wag another good day in local se
curities, and prices were firm as a rule.
With the exception of Occidental : and Stand
ard Con., : which : declined sharply, mining
stocks were rather firm than otherwise.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared : a regular monthly . dividend of 60 o«nts
per share, payable January 3.
The annual meeting' of the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company has been called
for January 9. -
Arrangements have been completed between
the _.C. C ? mstoCk Pumping Association and the
Virginia and Gold Hill Water Company for
supplying the water required for operating the
hydraulic pumping plant to be placed on the
1750 foot level station of the C. & C. shaft.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
- ** THURSDAY, Dec. 21.
tt a „ j. Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
U. S. Bonds— Pac L Co 49%, 50
«s. quar coup.. — — S FG & E.. 85% S6
4s quar reg.. — — San Fran 3% —
4a quar new... — _ Stockton Gas. 1014 14
3s quar c0up.. 106% — • Insurance-
Miscellaneous— Firem's Fund.2ll —
Cal-st t Cab 53.115 117 "Water Stocks—
Cal El """ 125 — Contra Costa.. 50 65
C C Wat 55. .101%— Marin Co .... 50 —
Dup-st ex c... — 98^ Spring Valley. lol 101%
t? X* P 65... 130 "■ - . Bank Stocks-
F&CI Ry 65.114 — Anglo-Cal .... 64 65
e r> i: S a £,5s, 5s - - 3 S° . Bank of Ca1.254%257
HC & S 5%5. — 105 •- Cal SD & T.. 97% 08%
LA LCo 65.. 99 — First Xationl.224 —
Do gntd 65.. 100 — ■ Urn P & A....153 —
Market-st 65.. 128% — Her Exchange — 1C
Do Ist M ss. — — Nev Nat 8....176 —
CN G R 73.108 — Savings Banks—
NRy Cal 65. .116 120 Ger S & L..1625 —
NRy C , al 55..10CV4 - Hum S & L.1060 1110
NPC R R 65.103 .■■— Mutual Saw — 41U
NPC R R 55.102y 4 S F Say U. 500 -
N Cal R R ss. 103 105 S & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55. ...110 — Security S B 300 150
Om Ry 65......127^ — Union T C 0.1060 —
P& Cl Ry 6s. 107 — Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 112 — California ....109^ —
Powell-st 65. ..118 123 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. 100 — Market-st .... 59^ 59V»
SF & N P 55.110yi10% Oak S L & H. — — »
I BlerraßC.il 65.104m»»5Vi Presidio ....... 9V4 —
I S P of Ar 65. .1111,4112 Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)112 — California 143 150
SPC 6s (1912)118 — E Dynamite... 85 95
SPCIs eg 55.10S — Giant Con Co. 59% 59
SPBr 6s 119 — Vlgorit -3%. Vi
S V Water 6s. 119«4l2fl Miscellaneous— -
! S V Water 45. 102^102% Al Pac A55n..105%107
S V W45(3dm).101%101% Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 Hana PI C 0... 17% 17T»
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. oS^i 39
Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 64% 65
Cent Gasllirht.lOS — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L, & P... 15% 18 Oceanic S Co.. 63 63\i
Mutual El Co. 11 11% t Pac A F A... 1% 1%
Oakland Gas.. — 62% 1 Pac C Bor Co.lol — .-,
Pac Gas Imp. 85 — I Par Paint Co. 7!* —
: Morning Session. -v-'i >■
Board— ■ .
50 Alaska Packers' Association.. 10« 00
150 Alaska Packers' Association... 1 105 87%
10 First National Bank 225 00
20 Giant Powder Con. b 5.... 60 00
23 Hana Plantation C 0....... 17 50
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 37%
190 Hawaiian . Commercial & Sugar 59 50
80 Hutchinson S P Co 84 75
50 Market-st Railway. 59 00 •
50 Market-st Railway.... ..59 12%
$3000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent b0nd5... 106 00'
50 Oceanic S S Co 63 50
5 Oceanic S S Co, cash 63 50
30 Oceanic S S Co, s 30 63 60
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.. ;... 86 75
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds, cash... 102 75
$4000 S F & N P Ry b0nd5...........;....U0 25
17000 S F & N P Ry bonds..:.." .....110 12%
$10,000 S F & N-J? Ry bonds, s 30 110 37",
Street—
25 Alaska Packers' Association.. ...... 106 00
■ Afternoon Session. > :J: J ? •■■'•.
Board— . ■ ■ V. :-•»";">
5 Giant Powder Con 69 75
5 Giant Powder Con... 59 50
30 liana Plantation Co 17 60
60 Hana Plantation Co 17 62^4
20 Hana Plantation Co, b 3.\.r. 17 75
100 Hana Plantation C 0... 17 75
■ 30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .. 59 25
375 Hawaiian Commercial ft. Sugar.....*. 59 00
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 S7H
I 50 Hutchison SP C 0.......... «4 75
! 25 Market-st Railway ;...... 59 25
$1000 Market-Ft Cable 6 per cent b0nd5... 129 00
15000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 102 50
$10,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.lo6 25
115 Oceanic S S Co 63 00
$4000 S V 4 per cent b0nd5........ 102 50
$50,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge)....101 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
_, , ,_ " - ' . ■'
Morning Session.
1 20 Alaska Packer5'.. ....:.... 106 50
25 Equitable Gaslight. goo
30 Market-st .■ 6S 75
Afternoon Session.
15 S F Gas & E 86 00
20 Market-st 69 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ;
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 19 100 Occidental ...... 90
300 Best & Belcher. 36 100 Occidental ... 89
100 Challenge ....... 17! 100 Occidental ...... 88
100 Chollar 16 100 Occidental ... 86
j COO Con Cal & Va...l 10 300 Sierra Nevada 85
! 500 Crown Point.... 17; 500 Union C0n:...... 14
Afternoon Session.
' 400 Alta .09 200 Justice . 17
! 100 Belcher .18 100 Mexican ........ 30
I 200 Bullion 03 100 Occidental .. ' 90
200 Chollar 16 100 Potost . .... 16
100 Con Cal & Va...l 10 60 Standard ... 230
200 Hale & Norcrs.. 11 1 600 Union C0n....... 15
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
i 400 Belcher 19 1 700 Mexican ........ 3*
200 Belcher ...* 18 800 Ophlr 63
300 Best & Belcher. 36 1 500 Seg Belcher " ' 04
1200 Chollar 16: 200 Sierra Nevada. 85
600 Con Cal & Va...l 10 j 200 Union Con 14
200 Con Cal & Va.l 12'4i700 Union Con..'."" 15
600 Gould & Curry.. 26; 200 Yellow Jacket.. 19
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher ... 18,300 Kentuck ". 12
500 Bullion 03 400 Mexican .... ' 31
300 Chollar 16 l 400 Ophlr !! 52
800 Con Cal & Va...l 10 300 Union Con ' 14
300 Gould & Curry.. 25200 Utah in
900 Hale & Norcrs.. 11 200 Utah ............ [11
1200 Hale & Norcrs. •10 300 Yellow Jacket.. 19
600 Justice 16; - ■
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 21-4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
Alpha C0n...... 03 04 1 Julia ... .... — 02
Alta OS 09 Justice ......... 16 17
Andes 04 05|Kentuck ....... 11 —
Belcher .... wl7 19 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton C0n.... 04 ■■■.: 10 1 Mexican ■*...;...- 89 30
Best & Belcher 31 35 Occidental 90 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr .....:..... 51 53
Caledonia ...... 21 23 Overman 06 08
Chollar.. ... 15 17 Potosl 16 17
Challenge Con. — 16 Savage 10 12
Confidence 65 —: Scorpion .....;. — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 05 1 lOISeg Belcher.... . 03 04
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 81 85
Crown Point... 17 IS Silver Hi 11...., — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate ...... 05 —
Eureka C0n.... 30 —I Standard 225 —
Exchequer .....— 02 Union Con .14 15
Gould & Curry. 24 26 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs. 10 11 1 Yellow Jacket. 18 19
THE CaLLS CALENDAR.
December, lE3B.
We
! i
s
Moon ■% Phases,
Laat Quarter,
Hi-Decembsr 6.
7'
[U,
IS
13
30
J5
|
10
it
IT
aKe-w Mooa. |
W December 18.
first Quarter,
December 19.
.Full Vioon.
December 37.
21
2S
71
SI
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located hi the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete Rets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
Thn time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Bydrcgraphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 21. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building waa dropped at exactly noon to-day
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at
o clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. V S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
■" lorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22.
Sun rlFes . 7:22
Sun sets 4:;-,
Moon sets 2:26 a. m.
■ X O Time I Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. - Ft.
■?■ L W ■'„ HW| L W HW
22... 0:16 2.2 6:55 6.6 1:55 0.6 8:34 3.8
23 ... 1:05 2.7 7:39 5.7 2:49 0.0 9:44 3.9
24... 1:54 3.0 8:20 5.8 3:37—0.4 10:44 4.1
25... 2:42 3.1 9:w 5.9) 4:20—0.7 11:34 4.2
26... 3:28 3.2 9:39 5.8 4:59—0.8....
|HWLWH W L W •
...I 0:18 4.3 4:13 3.3 10:17 6.8 5:34 —
28 ...| 0:56| 4.4 ! 4:56| 3.3 10:53 5.6 6:07—0.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
lan tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Point Arena |Point Arena
MI neola ITacoma
Aloha (Point Arena
Signal (Portland
Chilkat |Humboldt
Walla Walla.... iVictorla & Puget Sound
Corona ISan Diego
Dec. 12
Dec. 22
Dec. 22
Dec. 22
Dec. 22
Dec. 23
Dec. 13
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 23
Dec. 24
Dec. 24
Dec. 24
Dec. 24
Dec. 25
Dec. 25
Dec. 26
I Dec. 28
Dec 26
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 27
Dec. 28
Dec. 28
Dec. 29
Dec. 29
Dec. 31
Pomona I Humboldt
Bristol [Departure Bay
Alliance lOregon Ports
Empire Coos Bay |
Leelanaw Seattle
Fulton.... Portland
Washtenaw Tacoma
Del Norte ITillamook
Orizaba Newport
Samoa Humboldt
State CaltfornlalPortland
Wellington (Departure Bay I
Wyeneld Nanaimo |
Santa Rosa San Diego
China IChina and Japan
Weeott lYaquina Bay
Arcata !Coos Bay
Centennial I Seattle
North Fork Humboldt
Umatilla Victoria & Pugret Sound
Acapulco iPanama 7. .
Coos Bay |Newport
Columbia | Portland
!
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pier 9
Queen I Vie A Pgt Sd. iDee. 22. 10 am [PW 9
City Peklng'Chlna&.Tapan|r>ec. 22, 1 pm'PMSS
Arcata (Coos Bay Dec. 22, 10 amjPler 13
Cooa 8ay...l Newport IDec. 23. 9 amiPler 11
Chllkat ....IHumboldt .... Dec. 23, 2 pm]Pler 13
Aloha ...... Point Arena.. Dec. 23. 3 pra Pier 2
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 24, 10 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 24, 3 pm Pier 2
Gaelic Chlna& Japan Dec. 24, 1 pm PMSS
Alliance ... Oregon Ports.l Dec. 24, 10 amiPler 20
Corona San Diego Dec. 25, 11 ami Pier 11
Pomona — Humboldt Dec. 25, 2 pm|Pier 9
Orizaba Newport Dec. 27. 9 amjpier 11
Walla WalliVlc & Pgt Sd. Dec. 27, 10 ami Pier 9
City Para.. [Panama Dec. 28. 12 mIPMSS
Alameda ...iSvdney Dec. 2S, 2 pmlPler 7
Signal ! Grays Harbor Dec. 28
State of Call Portland Dec. L' 9, 10 amPler 24
Santa Rosa' San Diego |Dec. 29, 11 amiPler 11
Wepott — jYaqulna Bay.jDec. 29 |
mill Arena. .
'ortland
'olnt Arena..
h!na& Japan
>regon Ports. I
an Diego
f
it ....
lumboldt ....
Newport
'lc & Pgt Sd.
anama
vdney I
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, December 91.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 74 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Columbia, Green, 56 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44 hours.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, 23 days from Pana
ma, etc.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 96 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Sunol, Jacobs, 4S hours from San Pedro.
Schr Abble. Hansen, 66 hours from Caspar.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 4 days from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Vikinr. Peterson, 8 days from Coos
Bay.
SAILED.
Wednesday, December 11.
Jap stmr Chltose, Goodall, trial trip.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hinkle, Astoria,
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson. Seattle.
Stmr Samoa, Johnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Albion, Gunderson.
Br ship Merioneth, Rowlands, Portland.
CHARTERS.
The Sea King loads coal at Seattle for this
port.
The Gwydyr Castle loads wheat at Tacoma
for Europe, 325: Lynton, same voyage, 33s 9d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 21. 5 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N'E; velocity 12 miles.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Deo 21— Stmr Waes
land, from Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Pavo
nla. from Liverpool, for Boston.
ROTTISRPAM-Arrived Dec 21— Btmr Rotter
dam, from New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed Dec 21— Schr Mabel
Gray, for Eureka.
REDONDO— SaiIed Dec 21— Schr C T HIU,
for Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY— Bar. bound Dec 21— Stmr Em
pire, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 21— Schr Wm Rentop.
from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco; stmr Ruth, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dec 20— Schr Chaa R Wilson, hence
Dec 13; stmr National City, hence Deo 16.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 20— Br ship
Westgate, from Honolulu.
Sailed Dec 20— Bktn Retriever, for San Pedro
schr Alton, for Hllo.
PORT ANGELES— CIeared Dec 20— Bark Sea
Kinp. for Seattle.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Dec 21— Schr La Chll
ena, hence Dec 16, and sailed for San Francisco
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr State of
California, hence Dec 19.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 21— Btmr Pomona,
hence Dec 20. Dec 21— Stmr Hueneme, from
San Pedro: schr Occidental, hence Dec 15; schr
John A, hence Dec 16; schr Laura Pike, hence
Dec 15.
Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Chllkat, for San Fran
cisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Dee 21— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Dec 20.
Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Geo Loomis, for Ban
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 21— Bark Sea King
from Port Townsend.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Cleared Dec 20— Ship Aryan for
Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND — Arriver Dec 21 —Br stmr
Moana, hence Dec 2.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 2D—Bt stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa ft Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
; TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday i
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
• and Wednesday. .
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and " Electric
Lighted .Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAS FRANCISCO TlCKfflfflGi— IB MARKET SI, :
TELEPHONE MAIN 15JL .
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offica— 2ol i Strast.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olaf a" St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
Fro VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 189 S. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. : ' : -;;■ ■. \ Nnrth-bound.~
Patsen-iiUxed. — ~ . Mixed. IPasaeD-
" Ker. ianday - . . Sunday er
Dally, fixc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
.! : »> am l"«f»m Stockton 8:45 I*o j
10:10 am| 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 p m
11:40 ami 6:30 r r Fresno . 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:38pm 7 :4s pm .j-> Hanf . 7:45 am 1:35 p m
8:20 pm 12:10 am ; Bakersfleld . 1 am 11:25 am
U:sSpm| 8:50 pm _j Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:15 p m !
Stopping at Intermediate points as required ■-
- For particulars of stage and other connection*
inquire at i Traffic I Manager's Office, 331 Market
•treet, San • Francisco. «m*m ,
•' ■ '
RAILB.CAD TRAVEL. '
SOVTHKRN PACIFIC tOJIPA.M.
, (PACIFIC mYhTEM.)
Train* irnvr nu«l mi' •!•««• (»'nrrl»e nl
NAN VKAtHlM*.**.; -'
. \ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leavk _ From Dec. 18. 1838. — arriv*
•0:00 a Nile*. Saa Jose and Wny Stations... »9: 451
7:OOa Beuicia, »uisun anil Sacramento.... »:l3p
7iOOa Marjsrille, Oro»ille and Redding m
Woodland •• 5.2
7:o* a Klmira, Vacarille and Rumsey...... B:4."Vp
7:8« a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*. _ •
C»li»toga i»tid SaiiMi Rosa oii»p
SiOOa Atlantic Kipresg. Og.leii and l'.»»t.. »i»."»p
h,:h»a Hm .lose. LJTcrmore, <■ .Stockton,
' Ion«. Sacrameuto, Placerrille,
Marysflllf. Chioo, Hod Itlutf 4>l»p
»:3©A # Milton, Oakd»le aud Jamestown... 4:I.>P
»iOUa Martinez. Tracy, LatUrop, Stockton,
Merc.-U.La Kresno- l*:l3p
V:VOa Fresno, liakersUeM. Santa llnriiara,
Lob Angeles, Deming, El Pmo, _
New Orleans and Kast 0:43p
■ •iOOa Vallojo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43*
l»:00* Niles. Ufermoxe, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vinaii*.
r? ■■•■-. PcrterTille . |! »'
•l:OOr Sacramento HlTerSt«Biners »:OOp
«il»«r Martinez, San liamo.i, Vallejo,
N»pa, i;ali«tog». Hants ItoM 1»:1O4
4i»Or Benicla, Vacavill*-, .Sacrainentn.
Woiiilloiid, Knights Landing,
M»rrs»ille, 0rnTi110............... I«:4»A
4 i!I'»P Miles, San J one ami Stockton 7:13*
3:OOrSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Kresno. Bakersfleld, Los
Angles..... ••••■• ,2 : 1* 4
3:30p Stockton, M«rce»l, Fre»no 12:lBr
3:3»p Maniiu-z. Tracy. Mebdota, Fresno,
.Miijire, Santa llarbara and Los
- •' i Aii««les S««A
*[3i3or P»cttic Coast Limited. El Paso,
,-. ' Fort Worth. Liule Rock, St. _
■i Louis. Chicago and East §6:43*
3iBOr Santa Fe It ■•i.tc. Atlantic Kzpress
for Mojaie and K»«t..... ......... 6:4»p
OiOOr Rnropenii Mail, Ogilun uud Kast.... 9:43 a
6:OUp Uaywards, Niles and San Jose 7:15 a.
••IOOr Vallrjo 12:13*
J7:«oj- Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9:43»
8:00r Oregon Kx|>r«u,Sacntniento, Marys-
tlllo. llo.l.ling, Portland, I'uget
Mound ami Kast S:18a
«10:03r Snn<iet Limited. Fresno. Los
Angeles, £1 Pmo, Sew Orleans
ana Emit bli*tiT
KAN 4. Mi ISO A.Vl> lI A Ait IK LOCAL.
_ (Foot of Market Street.)
Mr I rose, Kmiiiinrj I'iivk, f
8:00 a Kltrlibiirfr, Klntnnr»t, ■ 6:I.Ti
iBiOOa Kan Leaitilrn, South Kan (*9:4.1 a
io.ooa I,e»nclro, Kntadillo, 10:15*
>I1:OOa • hwtnr.o, Cherry • I«t4»p
SiOOp ani ) . 11x45p
»'«•' Howards. '*{«J
• '•** i Runs through to Nile*. . ' •* sr
. J t From Nlleg. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iange).
' (Foot of Market Street.) _^
v 8:18 a. NewnrM>nterf Me, San Joae.FHton,
Boulder Greek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations... B«30»
•»tlo> Newark, Oenterrille, San Jose, New -, _.---
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, .
Santa Crnz and Principal Way
Stations •I©:s»a
4:1 Newark. San Jose and Loo GaSos... 0:30 a
tlli4."*p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
v Way atntifing........... t7»ao>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Trim Si « rXINCISCO— foot »f Market Street (Slip S)—
•7:16 H 9:00 1):OIU.M. {1:03 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 tS:QO •6:00r.M.
rrtaOllUßD— root •fßroidviT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 '1:00 t3:00 3:00 41:00 .' "5:00r.M.
AST lUVISIO.N (11 road Usage).
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
7iO«a Han Joko and Way Stations (New
Altnadeti Wednesdays only). li8O»
•■••A Hau .)im«. Tres l'liins. Hauta Cruz,
Tactile (lioro l'aso llnbles, San
J.uls Ohlspti. Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:IOr .
IO:1Oa Sail Jose anil Way Stations # »:«Oa
lIiSUa San Jose ami Way Stations 8:33 a
•Si43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sail Jose.
, . Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Paelao
UroTK . ...... •IO:SflA
•aiS«r San .lose and Way Stations # 9iOOa
** :1 Or San Jose and Principal Way Stations . 0:43 A
*st<M)p San Jose and Principal Way Stations • 6:35 a
SitOr Sail Jose and Principal Way .Stations 3:30p
6:: tOr Bail Jose and Way Stations 7iBop
flli43r San Jose anil Way Stations *>iSOp
_ A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .
•Snartayseicented. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
■[Mondays and Thursdays. oTueidays and Saturdays.
jßaturdaya and Wednesdays. oThursdayH and Sundays.
The PACIFI«'TK.%NMFKK«'OMI>A!«r
win call for and check banrage from hotels and resN
deccem. Enquire of Ticket Agents for Time Cards an 4
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
NEW TRAIN SERVICE.
San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited.
Commencing SUNDAY, Dec. 18, 1898
THE OWL
WILt, LEAVE BAN FRANCISCO 5:00 P. M.
WILL LEAVE LOS ANGELES 7:00 P. M.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
« Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
■AN DATS— TO - 11:00 RAFAJEb.
WEEK DAYS— 7:». 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; i3.Sk.
1; it M lft> *'* = p - Thursday*- Sxtr» trl»
•tlyo^>. m. BaturtUya-fixir* u-ip. v VJ&
■sssS.vs : ' %m - a! " - '-- i i i * Mm -
• S ?« T8 ~* :Mi "i I**1 ** *' M ' U:W •- n»-; Vk:9L
s«'« DBD B i l V:^r, B k BataKUjr^ Bixt ** ««» S
t T^Tit» i:1 * UM *• -•■ *+ t:m -
sSsvsß&s&r — ***«— *«•
Leav* ] ! - ArrtTS) ~
. Baa Francisco. la Effect Ban Francleoo.
— - — r October It, ■ _
Week Sun. 18S8 . Sun- Wwk
P*y- day*. Deitlnatloa. da^ «. Days.
J **™ «:00*ni Novato, 10:40 am I: Mats
• :fopm 8:10 am Petaluma. «:10 pm 10:J* ata
:10pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:15 pm «:Mpa»
_ „■•'.■ Fulton.
fas am Windsor, - ■"■ W:*a»
Heaidsburc, : ,
- Lyttoa. x
GeyMrnut, ■.■'■■ ■-
«:«opia i:Wam Cloverdal*. 7:SSpm •:S3p 4
. ; Bopland and ""
1:10 am t;6oam Ukiah. 7:«Spra eajp
JJOsjn . 10:15 am
8:00 am QnenMTlU*. 7:15 pm
taopna ■^ ItSpa
IdOajn 8:00ani Sonoma 10:40 am S:4*am
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm l:Tlpm
f :Boam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am|l0:25 am
r.SOpm 6:oopm ______ 7:35 pm| t:tlpm
Stage* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Sprlnn.
Highland Springs, ' Kelseyrllle. Carlsbad
Springs. - Soda Hay. Lakeport and - Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Eprlngs. Bin* Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake Wlttsp
Spring?. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's Bucknell'a!
Sanbedrin Heights, HullvUle, Boonevllle Orr"*
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Braes
Westport, Usal, Wlllitu. Laytonvilia, cum-
mins'B. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dy«r
Bcotia and Eureka. "***.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
O«n«ral Manager. Oen. Pasa. A«»at.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Yin Sausalito Ferry
FROM VAU^T
WEEK DAYS— ♦?:»). *S:SO. U:0(i a. m.- »l-41.
1:46. 6:15. 'C^. S:3O p. m. ' *
■ ' Trains marked • run to San Quentln. S-'?' '
FR . O E I K# D N A^S A L TO SAN FRANCIS^.
nr^2o? A . 3 r fr 5 :2^ p* B^ 7:ts - " M *■ m - i
.n E d X^ A rd B T^ I rf«°4S l , MM m lda7 '- WedDM<U "
nSP'«if I SI4 l %:if^" IB '»* **» m - 3
»JjSf. n li?} a w rke<i * Bta rt fj-om San QuenUn.
EXTRA-TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday.
*n<l Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
> £ tJ ? AYs -8:«0.-W.-05- : «. m.: 13:06. 1:20, »J6t
1:00, 6:20 p. ru. v. . . . .
_ "■"■".■■■ THROTTQH . TRAIN&
;:»*. m. week day*— Cazadero and way sta'aa.
■1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way i\
„- . • stations. • *  ::\r
• »:w a. id. Sundays— Mills and way sta'a.
mm TAMALFAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) , "5
.- - Leave Ban •; Francisco. , commencing Sunday
Sept. 11. 1S98: -•- :.; , . : . - ■■, ; • ..
': Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m,
Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, .ft.
t■■ THOS. COOK ■& - BON, Agents, 621 Market
atreet, Baa Francisco. ,:;,..::»SCAVENGERS
WILL NAVE TO
STOP WORK
An Injunction Filed by
Reduction Works.
DEMANDS THEIR PATRONAGE
BUSINESS AT THE CREMATORY
IRREPARABLY INJURED.
The Re.'usal to Pay the Established
Price of Cremation Claimed
to Be a Violation
of Law.
The corporation organized under the
name 05 the San Francisco Reduction
Works cff San Francisco has filed suit be
heJQnited Stale Circuit Court, claim
ing that under tho stipulations inserted
in the franchise, which were virtually ac-
I by the Board of Supervisor! when
they granted the privilege of cremating
the garbage of the city for a period of
. it is unlawful for any individ
ual or rival corporation to dispose of gar
bage in any rther way or in any other
Ity than t. 1 . at provided by the reduc
ii<m works, ''he managers allege that
they h*ve tfesa injured Irreparably by
ihe individual 'ltalian scavengers of the
city and other, under the control of the
Call torn 'l Redaction Works (stated in the
complaint the California Reduction Works
a a result of these men
having : dippoF"d of garbage at other
dumping; grouijds free of tlie 25-cent toll
which the corrsoration claims as a lawful
right to receiw for every cubic yard of
form collected in this city.
They have F.cqulred, they claim, the
right "of disposing of refuse at the cre
matory in the southern portion of the
city, and any individual or corporation
that doe? not recognize their corporation (
as the only one la guilty of a misdemeanor
houid be punished for committing
lation of the municipal laws.
The complaint is one lor injunction and
processes have been served on the various
independent scavengers who are not ,ln
mploy of the San Francisco Reduc
tion Works. Proceedings to prohibit them
from disposing of garbage in any other
way than by turning it over to the cre
matory will he begun at once before the
< Jircuit Court. Pending the outcome of
the suit the injunction will be rigidly en
forced and those under its ban will have
-ist from the furtherance of their
iesa and traffic in garbage until a
final decision is handed down by the
court, either for or against them.
Those in the community who are now
r.izing independent industry will have
to allow their garbage to accumulate in
definitely or dispose of it by paying for
its cremation at the reduction works.
If the efforts of the San Francisco Re
duction Works meet with success the
Italian scavengers will have to adopt an
other profession, as It will be almost ut
terly impossible for them to continue in
their business and pay the extra 25 cents
a load for the cremation of their garbage.
Condition of the Fair Estate
The fourth annual account of the exec
utors of the estate of the late James G.
Fair was filed yesterday in the office of
the County Clerk. The report covers the
period from May 17, 1898, to No
vember 16, 189S, inclusive. The re
ta. including cash on hand ($104,071)
disbursements. $455,675
leaving a balance on hand of $98,964 59.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6, 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as "Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
" ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
■will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH AM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, -will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure hick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hare the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the Worli.
25c. at all Drue Stores.
No Crops Will Grow
On certain western lands unless streams of living
■water be carried to every part. • It Is thus that
the principle of life 1» carried throughout our
bodies by the nerve system. We say, and say
rightly, that THE NERVES ARE THE
LIFE, and If from any cause they be enfeebled
or broken down, the miseries that result are
BEYOND ALL TELLING. Lassitude and
debility, sleeplessness and discomfort, gloom,
fretfulnetis and Incipient mania, loss of vital
powers, and the tendency to consumption, and
other fatal maladies are all due to this.
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
are the sure remedy and preventive for all these
evils. Impart vitality, vigor and potency, give
relief to insomnia, falling memory and evil
dreams. Repair the effect! of excesses and In
discretions— brace up the entire system.
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND t WOMEN
One SO Cents 6 Boxen at •3.80, a
Box Keneirti Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Mone7 Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of price by
WE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago. 111.
. Bold by. Owl Drug Co., 6. F. and- Oakland, .
TROUBLE OVER
THE SPOILING
OF A SILK HAT
A War Declared on
Street Awnings.
HIS DIGNITY WAS RUFFLLD
HOW A DOWNTOWN MERCHANT
EVENED SCORES.
Street Superintendent Ambrose Pro
ceeds to Carry Out the Order
of the Grand Jury to
Abate a Nuisance.
This is a composite tale of a ruined silk
hat, ruffled dignity, offending awnings,
three deputies from the Street Depart
ment and a bunch of wild-eyed mer
chants.
The firs*t formerly adorned the crown of
J. B. Stetson of the firm of Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson, but has since been rele
gated to the Examiner's circulation bu
reau at the garbage crematory; the
second is embodied in the aforesaid J. B.
Stetson; the third are those profanity
breeding nuisances scattered all over
town- the fourth are known as William
Alman. John Bowen and William Max-
well; while the last are doing- business
along Market, Kearny, Post and Geary
streets. There are also some minor Issues,
which will develop later in the narration.
It all came about in this way: Mr. Stet
son is a stately gentleman of dignified
carriage, as becomes one of the solid citi
zens of this great metropolis. Therefore
it is only meet that his broadcloth and
immaculate linen should be topped with
a glistening silk tile. A most imposing
figure was that of Mr. Stetson as long as
he kept within his own bailiwick— that is,
in the wholesale district— when he
invaded the retail precincts uptown it
was different, and all because of those
awnings that project over the sidewalks.
Now, awnings, properly adjusted, are of
vast benefit to pedestrians as well as a
means of protection to goods displayed
in store windows. But when they are
permitted to drop down over the sidewalk
like a nightshirt on a slack clothesline
they are neither useful nor ornamental.
Mr. Stetson has met these awnings be
fore, to his discomfiture and the mussing
of his hat, and there are several vows re
corded opposite his . name to the effect
that when he went uptown again he was
going to take to the roadway. The vows
might have held good had it not happened
that the gentleman had no occasion to
take to the bad lands again until last
Monday, which was somewhat Juicy. The
awnings were temptingly set, inviting him
under their sheltering folds, and in a
moment of weakness the vows were re
considered and Mr. Stetson-got out of the
wet.
Before he had gone a block his hat had
been brushed from his head by the awn
ings and was a sight, Mr. Stetson was
in a rage, and boarding a streetcar he
went out and told his troubles to the
Grand Jury.
Those inquisitors discovered that there
Is an ordinance— long since forgotten—re
quiring awnings, signs and similar ob
structions to be at least nine feet from
the sidewalks. Street Superintendent
Ambrose was sent for and notified to tear
down every awning at once that was be
low the regulation height. Mr. Ambrose
instructed Deputies Alman. Maxwell and
Bo wen to carry out the mandates of the
Grand Jury, and at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning they began work. They did not
tear down any offending canvases, but
they notified th.c tradespeople along
Kearny. Market, Post and Geary streets
that they -must raise their awnings at
once or they would be removed. Almost
every storekeeper on those streets was
found to be an offender, and they received
the ultimatum with various degrees of
fortitude. Some promised to remedy the
evil at once and proceeded to do so;
others declared their intention of taking
their time about it, while a few made
warm weather remarks about the Grand
Jury and everybody else. ■■
The deputies experienced the greatest
difficulty among the milliners and hair
dressers. Bowen was the first to deal
with the ladies. -He tackled a Kearny
street milliner, but did not remain-inside
long. He came out looking red in the
face and appeared to be apologizing to
a determined looking female. The awn
ing was not disturbed. After that he
shied whenever he saw a woman •in a
store. Maxwell, too, seemed to pass the
ladles by after a bout with a pair of
candy girls, so that duty fell upon Al
man. He got along all right until he went
against the proprietress of a hair dressing
establishment on Market street. The lady
was fixing up the show window when Al
man entered. . He politely informed her
that the awning in front of her store
would have to be raised to nine feet above
the sidewalk, and Instantly he was sorry
that he spoke.
"Oh, I know you," said the lady scorn
fully. "You're Sam Bainey in disguise,
but you can't do any politics here. That
awning is fifteen feet from the sidewalk,
and I shan't touch it; neither shall you."
As the lady was not . more than nine
feet out of the way in her statement Al
man said he was sorry for his mistake
and escaped.
One merchant on Geary street said San
Francisco was too "jay' a town for him
and declared his intention of moving; a
Market street bookseller threatened to
report the Grand Jury to Chief Lees If
any harm befell his awning, and a ladies'
furnishing goods dealer In the next block
openly defied the deputies. Alman opened
his pocket knife and wan about to cut the
awning down: when the merchant : weak
ened and promised to , have it raised •at
Superintendent Ambrose is determined
to abate these nuisances, and In a day or
two he will send the deputies out again
with positive instructions to tear down
any awning that : may be found below the
regulation distance from > the sidewalk.
No further notice will be served on the
storekeepers.
And i thus is J. B. Stetson's ruined tile
avenged. >^
THE SA3? FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
POLITICIANS
PONDER OVER
LEGAL PUZZLE
Fine Point Raised Over
Edwards' Death.
WILL IT CREATE A VACANCY?
CHESEBROUGH'S FRIENDS SAY
IT WILL NOT.
On the Other Hand, Laws and a
Supreme Court Decision Ax©
Quoted to Show the
Contrary.
Out of the. death of John G. Edwards,
who was elected a member of the State
Board of Actualization, has grown a legal
problem that is puzzling and worrying
Governor Budd, Governor-elect Gage and
a host of politicians. The vital issue is:
Has the death of Edwards created such
a vacancy as the law contemplates shall
be filled by appointment by the Governor?
The friends of A. Chesebrough, whom
Edwards was elected to succeed, are
strenuous in the contention that no va
cancy will exist after the term for which
Chesebrough was originally elected.
They claim that the death of Edwards,
occurring before he had entered upon his
term of office, did not create a vacancy;
that, therefore, the Governor has no
power to appoint any one to succeed
Chresebrough, and that Chesebrough
must hold over until "his successor is
elected and qualified." This would mean
until after the next general election, four
years hence, or until after a special elec
tion called by the Governor.
These contentions are based largely on
the decision in the case of Melony vs.
Whitman, 10 Cal., 38, wherein it was held,
among other points, that "The failure on
the part of the Controller-elect to qualify
creates no vacancy in the office."
On the other hand, those who are inter
ested in having a new man appointed to
succeed Chesebrough quote from the
same decision to show that Chesebrough
cannot hold over, and that a vacancy
has been created by the death of Ed
wards before the latter qualified.
Section 9, article XIII, of the constitu
tion provides for the creation of the State
Board of Equalization and says their
"term of office shall be for four years."
It further provides that the Legislature
shall have power to provide for the elec
tion of said Board of Equalization.
Acting under this authority, the Legis
lature enacted section 352 of the Political
Code, which provides for such election
and reads in part as follows:
Their term' of office shall be four years,
commencing from the first Monday after the
first day of January following their election.
Section 99G, subdivision 9, declares that
an office becomes, vacant on a person's
"refusal or neglect to file his official oath
or bond within the time prescribed "
Section 999 declares that the Governor
must fill any office that becomes vacant,
and no mode is provided by law for Jill
ing such vacancy.
These are the provisions of the consti
tution and the statute laws bearing on
the matter. And it is on the strength of
these that the opponents of Chesebrough
claim there can be. no extension of his
term. They point out a vital flaw in nis
claim. It lies in the words prescribing
the term of office for members of the
Board of Equalization. This prescription
they say differs materially from that de
fining the term of office of the Controller.
In the case of members of the Board of
Equalization the term is for a fixed
period, without any qualifications. In the
case of the Controller it Is proivided by
section 17, article V, of the, constitution
that ! his term of office . shall be the same
as that of the Governor. - Section 2 of
the same article of the constitution pro
vides that the Governor shall hold nls
office for four years, "and until his suc
cessor is elected and qualified."
The distinction between a fixed term
and a qualified term 1 was clearly brought
out In the : Supreme ; Court decision al
ready referred to." After deciding that the
Incumbent Controller ■ held from . the time
of his Installation in office, and until his
Buccesor had . qualified, it went on and
made this important and ' significant dic
tum: ■/-■."■ .■■--■■' '■ ' •■ ..;",. - ■ ■•- ■■ ■
"The case is ; different with respect to
District and Supreme Judges. They hold
their offices from a day certain, and for a
fixed period, and not ; until their success
ors are qualified." "TtniyifH^wiTOi 1
; Those who are ; opposed to ; Chese
brough's • continued Incumbency hold that
this dictum : applies most -. directly and
clearly ; to the present conditions sur
rounding the office which i Edwards was
elected to fill, and that - a vacancy will
exist on January 2.
In- Justice- to Chesebrough It can be
stated ; that he does not ; want ; the -office,
and even if he could hold it under tne
law would, so his friends say, resign. .Un
der no circumstances would he continue
to serve. _______________ . '
; We keep a , man :in ; our ' store" to stamp
your name in gold letters, free of charge,
on | all lof our fine leather, goods. Sanborn '
Vaa & ' Co., -. 74l: Market. streeW^: ■„ .- * i
FIRST TENOR
CAPTURED THE
CROCKER STAKE
The Favorite, Sam Mc-
Keever, Unplaced.
LOS MEDANOS RAN SECOND
THE HURDLE EVENT A FARCI
CAL AFFAIR.
Jingle Jingle First at Odds of 10 to 1.
Lady Britannic at Home in
the Mud— Three Favor
ites in Front.
It is now the season when two-year
olds are asked to stretch it out and eight
youngsters with the silk up answered th«
"bugle call when the Crocker stak^ was
called at lngleslde yesterday. The dis
tance was one mile and Garnet Fergu
son's colt, Sam McKeever, closed post
favorite in the betting, backed down to
13 to 5. In the overnight books First
Tenor enjoyed the call, but it was cur
rently reported that the muddy going
was not to his fancy and 4 to 1 in pro
fusion was obtainable about him. The big
Falsetto colt disapproved of this theory.
Slow to begin work, when the field was
dispatched to a beautiful start Thorpe
took him on the outside, where there was
firm footing, and gradually passing one
after another of the starters, at the wire
beat Los Medanos three lengths. The lat
ter colt made all the running, taking the
place from Survivor by a couple of
lengths. The stake was worth $900 to the
winner.
The other events were very common
place, scarcely worthy of more than pass-
Ing comment. On three occasions favor
ites were seen in front at the wire.
The mile hurdle probably furnished more
real amusement than anything else. It
was so amusing as to be really funny. If
the riders hau been colored instead of
white it would have been ridiculous. As
it was it was rea.iy interesting. When a
good-natured, sport-loving public would
stand for the Sharkey-Fitzsimmons rob
bery without resorting to any riotous
demonstration it is only to be expected
that it will witness these hurdle race fias
cos without making any unnecessary
noise. On almost any other course in the
country bets would have been declared off
on such an extravaganza as that of yes
terday. Reddington, the Corrigan entry,
ridden by T. Murphy, the stable jockey for
Andy Blakeley, the grand Pooh Bah of
hurd'leism at the Corrigan track, was the
real live one. The other starters were all
dancing attendance on him and Redding
ton, almost left at the post, won by him
self at the end. Durward, a horse that
could not jump a straw bond, and 50 to 1
In the betting, beat the other heavily
played ones for the place. Can it be possi
ble that the spirit of Little Pete, the yel
low Napoleon of the turf, still hovers
around our tracks?
Jingle Jingle, a 10 to 1 shot, surprised
the crowd by taking the opening event at
five furlongs from a fair field. Silver
Beau, the favorite, was beaten a head at
the wire by the outsider.
The black mare Lady Britannic, right
at home in the muddy footing, led from
the start in the six furlong sprint next
decided. Hard ridden at the end, she led
Prince Tyrant out a head. Robert Bon
ner, a 100 to 1 shot, was third.
Sokombeo was made favorite for the
maiden event at six furlongs, and ran as
if the lobster salad partaken of the night
before had given him indigestion. He was
unplaced. Credo, the Corrigan entry, sec
ond choice in the betting, won easily from
Henry C, a 15 to 1 shot, ridden by Spen
cer.
Plunger McManus 1 fast horse, Lord Mar
mion, opened favorite for the final six
furlong spin, but went back in the bet
ting. The smart coin went in on Mid
light, and the brown mare turned the
trick, winning, ridden out by a length.
Cyril was given the place over Ricardo.
Track Notes.
Eddie Jones, who rode Highland Ball,
•was suspended for thirty days for not
persevering more with his mount at the
finish. The chestnut horse was bumped
and badly jostled at the start, and at the
wire was nipped out a head for the show
by Robert Bonner. Jones has been doing
good work In the saddle and the ruling
seems to be a very severe one.
Jack Thornton, a well known turfman
of Butte, Mont., was a spectator at the
races. Some years ago Mr. Thornton
raced a formidable string of horses over
the Eastern tracks.
In the opening race every jockey with a
mount was fined $25 by Starter Caldwell,
with the exceptions of Martin, Woods
and Jones.
Merry Heart, second choice In the open-
Ing event, was jumped on by Earl Isling
ton, nearly losing a portion of her off
hind foot.
The following are the weights assigned
in the Christmas handicap, two miles, to
be run over the Ingleside track on Mon
day next. Winners after the publication
of their weights will be compelled to car
ry five pounds extra.
Scarborough 124 iMldlan 102
Buokwa 121iBonita 101
Morellito 117 j Lady Hurst 101
Mercutlo 109iLena 100
Rey del Tlerra 109 Twinkle Twlnk 100
David Tenny 108 Forte 100
Dare II 107 Prince Blazes 35
O B. Morris 107'Sardonlc 82
Marplot 104 Dr. Bernays -M
Our Johnny 103 Paul Kruger S7
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens.
367 Tirade 118 385 StrongoU US
247 St Krlstine 115 383 Watossa US
SB3 Racivan 115 ••• Alarla l\o
367 Master Lee 115 3SI Meropa 118
891 Earl Islington.. llS
Second Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward.
356 Gov. Sheehan...ll3 (3So)Lady Hurst 107
351 Myth 104! 362 l>na 104
359 Greyhurst 104: 387 Hardly M
Third Race— Six furlongs; selling.
337 Eventide 104 359 Moeorito 102
360 Cherrystone 107 ...Castake 09
370 Colonel Dan M 2 332 Bonnie lone 99
390 Kamsln 104
Fourth Race— One mile; all ages.
387 Ocorona 84 380 Elidad 113
348 Ulm 87 380 Frank Jaubert..lH
374 Tom Calvert 113 342 Edgemount 109
Fifth Race— Six furlongs: selling.
(36S)Pat Murphy 1041 352 Paul Grlggs 113
359 First Call 105| 354 Torsion 107
(3»o)SwePt William.. lo7 34S Una Colorado... 104
01 Highland BaII. .IDS (285) MaJor Cook 104
347 Zamar 107
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds.
355 Stamina 105 ... Miss Marlon 107
378 Ann Page J7 378 Rey Hooker 105
3C5 Banewur KB
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Tirade, Alarla, Raclvan.
Second Race— Greyhurst, Myth, Lena.
Third Race— Mocorlto, Colonel Dan, Bonnie
lone.
Fourth Race— Elldad, Ocorona, Tom Calvert.
Fifth Race— Zamar. Sweet William, Paul
Griggs.
Sixth Race— Miss Marlon, Rey Hooker. Bane
■wor. ____________
Gorgeous Calendars for '99.
A splendid variety of calendars can
be seen at Cooper's. Their stock con
tains everything which is new from
both the local and Eastern houses and
embraces a number of designs that are
not to be had elsewhere. •
Stuart Robson tells how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call. .
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESLDE RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Dec. 21, 1898.—Twenty
first day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track
heavy.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
OQj FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index.. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeva.
251 Jingle Jingle J
(361) Silver Beau !
37S Earl Islington !
321 Jerry Hunt i
361 The Fretter !
... Winifred
379 Fellclte I
319 Nora Ives I
3til Merry Heart ]
1
4
6
5
2
7
9
8 .
3
1 M,
3%
6 2 .
6 4
2 Vi
,72
8 3
9
4tt
: 1 1
- 2%
4 2
6 %
3%
7 1
8 3
9
6%
1%
2 %
3 h
4 1
5 3
6 2
7 3 ;
8
• ■
lh •
' 2 y»
3 h
4 h
5 4
0 62'
: ' 7 4
8
Jnnes
Piggott
Stimpson
Thorpe
N. Turner
H. Martin
J. Woods
4 10
2 11-5
8 10
6 9
10 12
3 10
12 20
15 40
2 7-2
Tuberville ....
Spencer
•Cut down.
Time— M, :25J,i: %. :38; %, l:04U- Winner, A. Nickels' b. f. by Imp. Brutus-Nabette.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Jingle was piloted to perfection, but was all out. The favorite. In slushy going to the
stretch, would have won In another jump or two. The Fretter will win In dry going.
Merry Heart was cut down.
Scratched— Ann. Page 115.
392. SECOND
mc;
purse, ?400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
370 Lady Britannic, 4.. S5 3 ... 11 1% lh lh Devln* 8-5 6-2
372 Prince Tyrant. 3... 96 4 ... 2h 23 24 24 Gray 5-2 13-5
SSI Robert Bonner, 4... ftfi 5 ... 4 % 4 1 4 3 h Hal 8r0wn.... 30 100
Sfi3 Highland Ball, 3. ..105 7 ... 6% 32 3ft 43 Jones 2 6-2
369 Hohenlohe, 3 105 2 ... 71 6% 62 54 Ames 12 20
71 Cappy. 4 , 95 6 ... 8 8 «1 6h Holmes 8 10
372 Schnitz, 6 98 1 ... 6hi 6h 712 715 McXichols ... 6 16
... The Flea. 3 96 1 8 ... 3ft 7 3 8 8 J. Woods 20 15
370 Lady Britannic, 4..
372 Prince Tyrant, 3...
SSI Robert Bonner, 4...
Sfi3 Highland Ball, 3...
269 Hohenlohe, 3
71 Cappy, 4 ,
372 Schnitz. 6
... The Flea, 3
3
4
5
7
2
6
1
8
,nll-:, n ll-:
2 h
4%
5 %
7 1
8
6%
3%
%m.
%m.
1%
2 3
4 1
3 2
6 V,
8
5 h
7 2
Str.
1 h .
2 4
4%
3 *
5 2
8 1
7 12
8
1 h
2 4
3 h
4 3
5 4
6 h
7 15
8
Jockeys.
Devln*
Gray
Hal 8r0wn....
Jones
Ames
Holmes
McNlchols ...
J. Woods
Time— %, :25Vi; %. :51; %, 1:17. Winner, G. W. Scott's blk. m. by Brltannlc-Lady Mc-
Nalry. Good start. Won first three driving.
Devin's shifty saddle work won for the Lady. Highland Ball was bumped at the start
and badly interfered with. Cappy had shown well in private trials. The Flea was played
for a scratch on fast workouts, but couldn't make It.
QQQ THIRD RACE— One mile; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; over four hurdles;
*>&&• purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
T. Murphy
Tanner
MoAullffe ....
375 Reddington, 5 :
363 Durward. 4 :
375 Major S, 6 :
375 Tortonl, a
845 Viking, 4 :
375 Ockturuck, 3 '
375 Diablita, 4
386 Rossmore, a !
8
1
1
6
I'
2
6
7
I
4
Cll>:-;
4 1
8
2%
3 2 .
5 2
6 1
7 1
1 4
5 1
7 2
2 2
3 2
4 2
61
8
1 10
8 4
4 4
2 2
6 2
6 4
7 6
8
18
21
4 4
3 H
5 6
6 8
' 7 12
8
1 6
2 1
3 h
4 15
f, 2
6 10
7 15
8
Tuberville ....!
Metaire
1 7-5
20 00
3 7-2
8 12
2 6-2
30 30
75 50
40 100
Cummings ....
Lenhart
Trimlets
Time— l:s4. Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. g. by Emperor of Norfolk-Angelique. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
The race was a disgraceful farce. Reddlngton could have won on three legs.
Scratched— Baliverso 125.
*>O^l FOURTH RACE— One mile; two-year-olds; the Crocker stakes; value. $1200.
Index. Horse.
m.
«m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
(270) First Tenor 115|
367 Los Medanos 110 i
385 Survivor 110
... Corslne 104
373 Casdale 110
(333) Sam McKeever 115
231 Headwater 107
213 Baby King 101
[270) First Tenor 115 2 8h 5h 2h 22 13 IThorpp. | 3 4
367 Los Medanos 110 1 1% In 11 lh 22 Spencer 4 5
385 Survivor 110 3 6V4 62 31 31 33 H.Martin 6 6
... Corsine 104 6 72 710 64 5h 4% N.Turner 6 8
373 Casdale 110 5 41 3h 52 42 53 jjones 6 10
(333) Sam McKeever 115 4 2h 1U 4V4 615 625 I. Powell 5-2 3
2.11 Headwater 107 7 3h 2h 715 720 720 Rutter 8 12
213 Baby King 101 8 8 8 8 8 8 Gray 40 60
2
1
3
6
5
4
7
8
9 h
1 %
6 %
7 2
4 1
2 h
3 h
8
5 h
1 n
62
7 10
3 h
4 Vi
2 h
' 8
2 h
1 1
3 1
6 4
5 2
4 %
• 7 15
8
2 2 13 1
1h 2 2
31 33 .
5 h 4%
4 2 5 3!
6 15 6 25
720 . 720
8 8
inorpe- |
Spencer
H. Martin
S*. Turner
Jones
:. Powell
gutter
3ray I
Time— »4. :25%; %. :51i4; %, 1:17%: mile. 1:44%. Winner. Burns & Waterhouae'a b. c.
by Falsetto-Pearl Thorre. Good start. Won first three driving.
First Tenor went the overland on the dry going. He is same as a bulldog. McKeever
was against the rail in the deep slush all the way. Los Meianos ran his race. Survivor
repeated well. Corsine will experience no difficulty in winning.
Scratched— Ollnthus 115.
395 FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-old 3 and upward; purse.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
H. Martin....
Spencer
E. Jones
273 Credo, 3 :
390 Henry C. 3 :
... Sevoy, 3
379 Sokombeo. 3
356 Defiant. 3
... Ygnaclo, 3 :
... Texarkana, 3 :
5
4
1
2
6
7
3
2 V,
4 h
1 2
3 2
6 3
5 h
7
2 8
4 Vt
1 2
3 1
5 1
6 1
7
1 % .
3 1'
22
4 4
5 1
6*4
1 S
2 1
3 h
4 8
6 4
6 6
7
6-5
10
6
6-5
10
5
8
5-2
12
4
3-2
20
7
12
N. Turner
Garrlgan ....
I. Powell
Thorpe ■ . .
Time— Vi. :25H: Vi. :50Vi: % lnS'i- Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. g. by Morello-Prize. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Credo won at leisure. Sokombeo would be a useful animal In any other business.
Scratched— lnitiator 107.
396 SIXTH RAC E— Six furlongs; selling; three-y»ax-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
%m. ■
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
H. Martin....
Turner
371 Midllght, 4
345 Cyril. 3
(3H4> Rlcardo. a
(an) Lord Marmlon. 3..
3M Ed Gartland 11, 3..
371 Val enclenne , 3
2
4
1
! 6
5
13
2 h
5 2
1 h
6
3 2
4 h
22
5 2
3 1
6
lh
4H
1 H
2 h
4 3
3 %
5 1
6
1 1
2 ns
3 1
4 h
5 6
6
Jones
Spencer
IGray
Thorpe
Time— Vi, :25%: H, :50V4; %, 1:17. Winner. F. J. Kittleman's br. m. by Imp. Midlothian-
Electric Light. Fair start. Won first three driving.
Mid'.lßht was al! out. She apparently does not like to make the pace. Ricardo looked
to have finished second. Lord Marmion was away poorly. Gartland stopped.
Scratched — Wyoming 95. *
A Decided Novelty.
The Christmas Wasp is out and pre
sents to the public one of the most ar
tistic as well as novel publications ever
Issued by any journal in the world. There
are sixty-four pages of pictures of San
Francisco, the like of which have never
before been seen, inasmuch as all hither
to accepted laws of photography are de
fled and views given of several streets
at once in a single photograph, showing
both sides of the streets in detail. The
principal thoroughfares of this city are
depicted in a peculiarly life-like manner.
The covers are in four colors and gold
and are extremely artistic. There is
plenty of interesting reading besides the
illustrated features, and the center illus
tration, giving a 24-inch photograve of
Golden Gate Park from Strawberry Hill
to the Panhandle, all in all, go to make
the Christmas Wasp the handsomest and
most interesting souvenir of the season.
Head Tax on Japs.
Immigration Commissioner Powderly
has instructed Immigration Commlsslon
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding Witt Any *f tkt FtU— _g Flrsu PUu* Maatioa "Tin OtlL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrttstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM. SCHOENING,6 B3B 3a lp^dr y da BuppUed -
BELTINQ.
Ln ncr,PV Manufacturer of Belting and
r. IICUCII, Laco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Worts— ll3-116 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDICXI £ CAWC— Makers and Dealers in
DKICn tt jUN OLandaus Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone* Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHB,
SANDERS & CO., practical coppersmiths,
m/r's of sheet copper and tubing, Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC DAVCC £PA Shipping Butchers, 104
JA> dUICJ d vU M Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
All&IA Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
IlllnlV Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
J lI IJ f° r catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVB.
" ¥IIV 739 Market Btreet.
HARDWARE,
D*L ACE Hardware Co. , Importers & Dealers
"in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton 6c Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Eyery De.
. ecrip tion Made to Order. Tel, Black 1505,
er North to collect the head tax of $1
from all Japanese arriving here by way
of Victoria or Vancouver. Immigrants
from British Columbia. Canada and Mex
ico are exempt from the payment of head
tax, but the Commissioner does not rank
as among the exempt the Japanese who
merely pass through Victoria or Vancou
ver on their way to the United States.
ANOTHER VICTIM OF A FIEND.
Dora Fuhrig Causes the Death of
Anna W. Walmsly.
Anna W. Walmsley, a married woman
residing at 418 Laguna street, died at
half-past 7 o'clock last Tuesday evening
from the effects of a criminal operation
performed by Mrs. Dora Fuhrig, who is
under arrest on three similar cases. The
dying woman made a statement before
she died to Drs. Cachot and Perry, in
which she accused the Fuhrig woman.
The dead woman was only 25 years old.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
an inquest will be held.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets," Cassimeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, ■ 535 Market St., San Francisco, CaL
Goods for. sale at all leading : cry-good 3 stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, 000, 000.
. ■•■*■.■■■ SYZ & '-Agents.
: - ; . 101 California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
niLLMmLIIL 722 Montgomery Street.
:- PIANOS. ■ ■ •. :■-.. .-
y The Oldest Finn and Largest Stock.
PIANO and mUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
18 and 30 O'Farrell st..'
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTING. ;. ..;■
E C HUGHES, 511 Sansome^reet.
r STATIONER AND PRINTER. ;
Te^t ie PARTRIDGE K^t.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, S*ZZ?»'%& wt .
TYPEWRITERS. "~
GiL 111 Typewriters Rented.
: fiJj~"Ca| Few partly ' used ■ for i sale cheap.
dEIESL* agents SMITH PREMIER.
JjlfPggk L. &M. ALEXANDER.
9 110; Montgomery street.
.'" :' WALLPAPER. ;•■■:;;;-• ■" ,.,- : ; ■;.■". '.
WHOLESALE * retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality. & color. DUFFY CO., 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN. ;-. v
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding: Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, ; 210 California st. Tel. Main • 1914.
". '•■-■ V, ■'.-;"■-■ watches. ;etc.\-:^' ;.^.f;; ; - ; --^;
TI ITWTIY ; Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LlmlllifuU 18-k. > Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
-" WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, -
/.■■; Mined by the ,->':■:,. j
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its '
GREEN RIVER . COLLIERIES, : ■.■-■
• Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office < and Yards— j Main Street. '
WOOD ;■ AND y IVORY TURNING.
:C. F. HAAS, mf r wood articles, ; any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 J4l8?ion,jel. JkL 6927. rj
ADVERTISEMENT^
jffIcARTERS'
SICK HEADACHE
( Positively cured by these
' liittle Pills.
;- They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
#ct remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
P*ss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Tain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Kegulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Health is Wealth.
I merv£ $3 BAI N
vHESHi^^HBBB^W^^vQB^|^^ i TH_E Ar ME Ml
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND. BRAIN TREATMENT
' • THE ORIGINAL, ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
It sold under positive Written Guarantee,
1 »y authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
.)izzijiesB, Wakefulness, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
• ess. Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Coufi-
Oonce, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
*al Errors, or Excessive Uee of Tot ;co, Opium,
it liquor, which leads to Misery. C'-nsumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or '•'? mail, $1 a
♦jox; six for $5; with written ! rantee'to
i:are or refund money. »air?ple pack-
age, containing five days treatnn with full
instructions, 25 cents. ; One Bamplefinly sold to
'each person. At store or by mail. * .■■ i£-
j"^iS^ktS" Red Label Specßil>^^^ (
■■KiMffl Extra Strength. • mSLA
• §t^"Rcd Label Loss ofws?*<Jr Ws
For Impotency, Loss of «^r-* ■flr W
" jfefowiff. Power, Lost Manhood, \ii JtmL
ir^igHfK: Sterility or . Barrenness.^ jk^^T :
%\ a box; six for $5, wJ'bs-^^^B ■
«gXX/'nß*»vritten cnarr.nti e ?«aS3p^h
GEO. DAHLSENDKH * CO.. Sole A«enU,
114 Kearny «t.
jmsr^y"^ m * ' 'S^^lk f* A M f* E" D
\ V i^^^^^^^ No Pay Until Cured
W^ fi^Hß SJF*\ Any lump in a wo "
h%utjJtf£%&i : &i%£mri i .'- "man's breast is can-
cer. The poison
) H^^ quickly goes to arm-
J l! jfe& If larg-eit is tco
HPV%i^ ate< face and
mf^k^^^^^ AT ! I a common place.
\ >. IUF m^JW 1 ' So-Pagb Book sent
-^ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraud.
8. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 23 & 25 Third St , n'r Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
SSmSgg&ixsii&M RUPTURE.
k^aTj^v^^ use NO MORE iron
= ■Bajß^afWfaßßy Hoops or Steel Springs.
B'^ydwSp^^'^ Rupture retained with easa
■^^Tjßs.-*t- and comfort, and thousands radi-
W /Jay. cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
% /jB Magnetic Elastic Truss, ipr. Call at
' office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market st.opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARSY ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing 011 body and mind and
Skin Dl»eases,fJ'hedoctorcureswhen
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<iirp«-iiarnnt<-p<l. Callorwrlte.
»r. J. V. UIBBON, Box l»S7.San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THI3
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
! strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 ■ Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
k^ - Steamers leave Broadway
CjSfciw^ wharf, San Francisco:
S KSwHS^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I iiPpQfci^ Dec. 2 7. 12. 17. 22 27 Jan. U
ISwM«S^^!^ change at Seattle.
I 1B&89 \3AI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I|»&&ZJ«<S%mI C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
J^^'^Ej! Ml Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte*
* r^SiSlffii and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7, 12, 17, 22,
rt Jan 1. - and every fifth day thereafter.
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
ttv nt Vancouver to L. *. riy. ■
■ For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m Dm. .
C 10, 15. 10. 25. *0. Jan. 4, and every fifth day
Fo'r^Sa'nta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo)..
Gaviota Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
Ban Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Dec. 3. 7, 11, 15. 19. 23 27, 31.
Jan. 4. and every fourth day thereafter -.-.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
Jord (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Dec 1 5, 9. 13. 17, 21. 25. 29, Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter. _
- For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Dec. 17, Jan.
For farther Information obtain folder.
. The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
■nd br>iir= of palline.
ffIUKET OinOE-t New Montgomery
Street (Palace Hotel). .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Oen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH s FAST STEAMERS ,TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 a. m. .'.:'■ -"••
CADC $12 First Class Including Berths
I Ant S8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA 5ai15........... - ......Dec. 14, 24
STATE OF CAL. 8ai1e..............Dec.:9, 19, 21
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena ' and ■ all ■ points 'In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. • - -
B. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALI* PERKINS & CO.. ■-. ■ ••
Superintendent!. . :
Gompagnie Generate Transatlahtique.
"- ." - (French Line) "-.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS -45^
(FRANCE). ; Sailing every ' Saturday &rWFT\ i
at 10 :a. m. from .- Pier 42. North m^mtMb
River, foot of Morton street. a
LA CHAMPAGNE ........Dec.' 17
LA 8RETAGNE............ Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
LA GASCOGNE......./. ......Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE ........Jan.- 14
■ First-class •to Havre,. $90 and upward. 5 ■ per;
cent ■ reduction on round .trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45, 10 per : cent reduction round trip. "
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. S Bowling Green, New York. :
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, S
Montgomery, avenue. San Francisco. : .
KlvJE* "^tt Wednesday. December
fHPiaiilP The S. S. ALAMEDA
r3l|BßlL sa ' ls via Honolulu and
Hfc w Auckland for Sydney
■ Wednesday. December
a^S'^ L" A 28. at 10 p. m.
I^^W^tftifnSPn^ S- S. AUSTRALIA
SSsSly CyIKIIIIJIiiy Fails for Honolulu,
Xj*?* l^ ■ (Ofno3ft«* Wednf " 3dajr - January
«K*"~: - . ■:. lyiJlfvJltq^ll, 1399.^ at 2p.m. ': !~
' Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. .  -,:,
■ J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,.
.-',, .. j :.: 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.." San Francisco. .
"bay AND. BIVER STEAMERS.-
■ -•;/':: Steamer "Monticello." .
Mon., Tues.,- Wed., ; Thurs. and Sat .V;. .■...'. ;.v-
• 9-45 a. m., • 3:15 V- m. (8:30 p. m.-ex. Thurs.).
Fridaye. ;..■..".. .• — "••■•! p.m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays .". ..."....'..10:30 a. m. and Bp. m,
Landing and offices— Dock, Pier. 2. ■• ,
j-' ; Telephone ; Main 100S,
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
OAKLAND IS
NOT SQUARE
WITH GRAY
Exposition Directors
Want Him.
AN ACCOUNT UNSETTLED
GEAY ASKS FOB, MONEY FROM A
DISTANCE.
Caustic Remarks of His Employ
ers, Who in Turn De
mand Some
Cash.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Dec. 2L
Charles de Garmo Gray, who the di
rectors say mismanaged the OaJtland Ex
position, has left Oakland and cannot be
induced to return by the board of direct
ors. There are a few financial matters
■which the directors would also like to
arrange with Mr. Gray, but he has placed
his affairs in the hands of his attorney,
John E. Richards, and some warm corre
spondence lias taken place. As Mr. de
Garmo Gray's wife committed suicide at
l.os Angeles yesterday it was supposed
he had gone to attend her funeral, but
liis late assistant. Mi. Morrison, says
Mr. Gray has gone to Oregon.
"Our relations with Mr. Gray have been
most unsatisfactory," said Directors Kel
ler and Gier and Secretary Roeth to-day.
"He came to us so highly recommended
that we thought We could make no mis
take in entering into a contract with him.
Soon after the contract was signed we
learned through the PJnkerton detective
agency a great deal regarding Mr. (Cray,
and if without hurting the exposition we
<ould have made a change We would have
done so. However, we decided that Mr.
Gray's connection with us should be pure
ly managerial, and although th« re is now
ii lit. l l - financial difficulty between us it
does not amount to a great deal. His
mismanagement of the exposition, how
ever, caused us a loss of J1600."
After the exposition closed Secretary
Jtoeth was surprised to receive a letter
from Gray's attorney ; i - k i n k for a state
ment of tne exposition finances. The let- i
ter said: "Mr. Gray informs me that
there wen earned some $2suo to $:>i.h)o for |
space and concessions and turned over to
the company; also $11*47 for admissions
and J.V.i for rent obtained by Mr. Gray
from the Republican committee, making
a total of about $47H7." Mr. Koeth replied
that "under the terms or" th*- contract it
is stated that there should be. a settlement !
of profit, and there being no profits there
can be no settlement."
Gray's attorney promptly replied to Sec
retary Roeth, stating that "The question
as to whether or not there are any
net profits arising out of the recent ex
position does not depend upon your opin
ion, but does depend upon a true and iust
accounting to be had between the Oakland
Exposition and Mr. dray. • • * In view
of the provisions of this contract, and of
your attitude toward him, Mr. Gray pro
poses to have a settlement with the cor
poration and to compel such a settlement,
if necessary. I inclose you on his behalf
a formal demand for the accounting and
settlement to which he is entitled. I am
Instructed also to inform you that if such
accounting is not given and such settle- i
ment made within three days after the
receipt of this letter an action will be '
♦•ommenced against the corporation to '
compel the same."
Mr. Gray inclose*! wih his attorney's
letter a modest demand, as follows: "I !
hereby demand of you a full and detailed
accounting of all the receipts and ex
penditures of the exposition. 1 further de
mand the immediate payment to me of '
my proportion and percentage of th
profits of said exposition, due and pay
able to me by virtue of that certain con- '
tract entered Into with me August 18, 1895,
fey your corporation."
On receipt of this correspondence the
hoard of directors met; then they con
sulted with their attorney, George E. de '
Golla. and he mailed the* following lacts !
to Mr.. Gray and his attorney:
After reciting the nature of the con
tract, and referring to an attachment
brought in the Justices' court against'
Gray, it is stated that on December 3
there was coming to Gray a portion of his
■week's salary, fixed by contract at $4;i.
and that in view of the attachment this
could not be paid. The statement pro
ceeds:
After Gray had thi? notice of the attach
ment hf> cives an order to Director McCoy of
SAMPSON'S DAUGHTER
AWAITS HIS COMING
Henry Harrison Scott Leaves for the East To-
Niaht to Become the Rear Admiral's
Son-in-Law,
HENRY HARRISON SCOTT leaves for the East to-night to claim Miss :
Olive Sampson, daughter of Hear Admiral Sampson, for his bride. Wai- "
ter Magee. who is to be Mr. Scott's best man, will accompany him on his "
Eastern trip. ,
Tho wedding of the happy young couple will take place on Wednesday, -
January 4, 1899, at the Congregational church at Glen Ridge, New Jersey.' -
The bride will be attended by her sister, Miss Mamie Sampson, who is to offl- "
ciatf as maid of honor.
Mr. Scott has as yet. made no plans for the future, and he is undecided "
whether he will bring his bride to this city. [
the orchestra for $40 on Secretary Roeth. On
the following Saturday Mr. Gray goes to San
Francisco and collects from Caswell & Co.
;:'T 60 on account of their contract for space.
H« sitjned the receipts in behalf of the ex
positloo. He had no more right or authority
to i.'llect that money than I had. The contract
provides that "the directors are to receive all
moneys and to pay all expenses." Mr. Gray
therefore received *::7 SO Which he has no right
to hold, and in behalf of the corporation I now
make demand upon him through you as Ills at
torney for the return of said sum received and
held by tiray for the corporation.
Furthermore, when the exposition first
; its doors, or about that time, at the
request of Mr. Gray there were placed in the
hands of the assistant manager 100 season
tickets, to be sold at the rate of SI each. £0 far
Gray has not accounted for tne proceeds of
these tickets, although the secretary has a
statement in which Mr. Gray i-har^ed him-
M If With 100 tickets. $37 50 collected from Cas
woll. and credited himself with 63 tickets. The
total amount thus accounted for is $137 50, but
this statement has never been recognized by
the board because It was already attached on
ttt Of Air. Gray and It does not propose to
pay his salary twice. Regarding the demand
for a detailed statement, let me say that the
total receipts from all sources were under $4100
anil the liabilities $6600, showing a lose of at
i>- urt $1400. Hence it is evident there are no
net profits to be divided. The books and vouch
ers of the corporation are open to the inspec
tion of yourself or Mr. Gray at any reasonable
time during business hours should you desire
to verify this statement. Hut I do not know
of any provision in the eontntet requiring the
directors to render you an itemized statement,
ms Mr. Gray is not a stockholder and has no
ri£ht cither than given him by the contract.
J,et me further sURS^st that Mr. Gray owes
the exposition six-sevenths of $40. deducted by
him from money he admits receiving nelonpins;
tn the corporation. Furthermore, I am told
that a bicycle turned over to the exposition
company in payment for space has been taken
away and appropriated by either Gray or his
assistant. This bicycle was valued at $40. and
dennnd Is hereby made upon you for the return
of #iis bicycle. Finally, let me surest that
the board of directors is more than wlllinp to
meet Mr. Gray In court, in which Proceeding?
they intend that the truth of this matter will
be fully ventilated.
It was agreed between the attorney and ;
the principal that a conference should be i
held at the exposition office last Monday !
afternoon, but at the appointed time !
neither Mr. Gray nor his attorney ap- ;
peared. This afternoon the assistant <
manager. Mr. Morrison, called at the !
office, but he had no authority to repre
sent Mr. Gray, and consequently the af- '
fairs of the exposition, so far as Mr.
Gray is concerned, are in a very unsatis- i
factory condition.
The dispatches from Los Angeles con- j
cerning the suicide of Mrs. de Garmo
Gray were :t surprise to the directors, for
<>n two occasions Gray obtained an ad
vance from Director Gier by representing >
that he wished to send money to his wife
In the south, who was staying there be
cause of poor health. The whole story of j
Gray's romantic married life with his fir*t j
wife, a London actress, appeared in The
Call of November 21. IS9S. Tt attracted con
siderable attention, as his wife was at
one time a craze among the devotees of |
the London stage. Gray was a companion j
of Williams, the South African schemer \
who had Bucb a meteoric career here and '
in San Francisco last fall.
This afternoon the bicycle which Gray j
took from the exposition was returned,
and the directors are wondering why it
should ever have been taken from the ex- j
position building to San Francisco.
Was Known in Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec. 21.— Charles de Garmo, I
or. as he was known among intimates,
Count de Garmo. was well known in this
city among men about town as a bon vi
vant and a rounder for ten years prior j
to and including the World's Fair year. |
Hi possesses many attainments, and his!
society was much courted in certain cir
ri. -s where a dollar is an open sesame, j
and at that time he seemed to have dol
lars In plenty. In 3893 he was engaged in
the advertising business, having street
car privileges in a number of Western and I
Northwestern cities. His headquarters
were at 99 Washington street, this city, i
Early in 1594 De Garmo changed his name i
to Gray, and left ostensibly to go to Jo
hannesburg. South Africa, where he en- j
gaged in business, according to reports !
received by friends here, with a man '•
named Williams or White, who a few ;
months ago figured in a sensational at
tempt to marry a San Francisco heiress.
About eighteen months ago De Garmo,
or Gray, returned to Chicago and an
nounced that he was going to Paris to
enjoy himself on the money he made in
South Africa. That was the last heard :
of him by his friends in sporting circles
until a Call man undertook to look up his ;
record to-night.
De Garmo professed to be a Kentuckian
of French extraction, and had some repu
tation as a gun fighter, though his prow- !
ess in that direction was never displayed,
while he was here. He was unmarried, !
so far as is known among his friends in :
this city.
A dispatch, from Portland, Or., says Dei
Garmo is thx-re.
Another Lady Lawyer.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Johanna Daly has
petitioned for letters of administration on
the estate of her late husband. Jeremiah
Daly, the marine fireman, who was killed
in the boiler explosion on the Stockton
river steamer T. C. Walker on November
27 last. The estate consists of a home at
Fortieth and Grove streets, worth about
$1200. Diligent search has been made but
no will could be found. Incidentally an
interesting feature of the case is that Miss
.!• ssie K. Watson of 1424 Eighth avenue,
East Oakland, appears as attorney for
the estate. This lady barrister is the first
of her sex who has attempted to practice
in local courts since Miss Frankie cre
ated such a ftir.here by her attempt to
be admitted to the Alameda County Law
Association.
THE SA^ FKAiNCISCO CALL, THTTRSPAT, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
WATER RIGHTS
INVOLVED IN A
LEGAL TANGLE
The Spring Valley
Company Sued.
ALAMEDA CREEK IS DIVERTED
JANE R. CLOUGH ASKS FOR A
PERPETUAL INJUNCTION.
The Washington and Murray Com
pany Deprived of Ten Million
Gallons of Water Each
Day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 21.
An important suit, involving valuable
riparian rights in and to Alameda Creek,
was filed in the Superior Court of Ala
meda County to-day by Jane R. Clough
against the Spring Valley Water Works
<-t al. The other defendants are the
Washington and Murray Township Water
Company, Charles Webb Howard, W. A.
Yates, W. Brooks, John Mosier and H.
Overacker Sr. The suit is brought to
restrain the Spring Valley Water AVorks
from diverting the waters of Alameda
Creek and quiet title thereto. In 1871 the
Washington and Murray Township Com
pany acquired the right to the water in
the creek.
The complaint recites some decidedly
interesting facts of history portraying the
methods whereby a small corporation is
cinched in the tentacles of the more pow
erful one. Of the 60,000 shares in the
Washington and Murray Township Water
Company but 30,810 were issued and out
standing in April, ISSI. But at about that
time the Spring Valley Water Works
bought 28,960, the certificates being issued
as follows: In the name of the latter cor
poration, 3110 shares; Charles Webb How
ard, president of the Spring Valley Com
pany. 85,250 shares; Charles N. Fox, 100
shares; William Brooks, 200; W. A. Yates,
150; John Mosier, 100. \
The complaint further alleges that on
August 6, 1888, the Spring Valley caused
to be elected as directors of the Wash
ington anil Murray Township Water Com
pany Charles H. Hadsell, Charles Webb
Howard, Charles N. Fox, H. Overacker
Sr. and William Brooks. Mr. Hadsell
was chosen president and W. A. Yates
secretary.
Four days later the Spring Valley built
a dam across Alameda Creek, about two
miles above the head of- a ditch, golnjf
four miles along the line of water front,
covered by valuable riparian rights. This
stream ib natural, a«d prior to its diver
sion flowed westerly between well-defined
banks from its source in the mountains
to the bay of San Francisco, and through
two tracts of land described in the com
plaint subdivided and owned by the fol
lowing small holders: A. J. Severance,
I). M. Sanborn, B. D. T. Clough, J. Nich
ols, J. Shinn, C. Kelsey, H. Overacker, A.
Kankin, W. F. Goad, H. Pierce, P. Mor
rlson J. Lnwry, J. T. Stevenson, M. S.
Peres, F. Munyan, W. Baker, F. George
J. Silvara, M. Ferelra, J. L. Beard and W.
Baker, in all about 2238 acres.
The ditch in question, according to the
complaint, had a capacity of 10,000,000 gal
lons of water per day of twenty-four
hour's, and its diversion deprives the
Washington and Murray Township Water
Company of all rights to said water.
Plaintiff a.sks that the court determine
the claims of the defendant, the Spring
Valley Water Works, in and to the waters
of Alameda Creek and adjudge that as
against the defendant Washington and
Murray Township Water Company the
former has no right to take or appropri
ate the water in the creek.
She also asks that the court perpetually
enjoin and restrain the Spring Valley
Water Works from using or diverting the
waters of Alameda Creek at any point
In said creek at or above the head of the
water ditch or at or above the tracts
mentioned.
Nearly two years ago J. L. Beard
brought suit against the Spring Valley
Water Works, recovering $ir,,000 damages.
The points involved were similar to those
set forth in the above plaintiff's com
plaint, but the court's decree did not re
strain tne water works from continuing
its diversion of the waters of the creek.
It Is asserted that recently Spring val
ley has spent $250,000 In the purchase of
riparian rights appurtenant to many
tracts bordering on Alameda Creek. This,
Mrs. Clough alleges, was done prepara
tory to fraudulently appropriating and
diverting the waters to the injury of
those who depended upon irrigation fur
nished by the ditch.
Mrs. Clough is a stockholder In the
"Washington and Mnrray Township Water
Company. In the present suit Thomas t.
Huxley appears as her attorney, with Wil
liam K. Davis of counsel.
J. W. LYNN IN COURT.
Many Alleged Criminals Appear for
Arraignment.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— John W. Lynn ap
peared before Superior Judge Ellswdrth
to-day for arraignment on a charge of
assault to murder his wife. Last Febru
ary Lynn shot his wife five times, and
during his preliminary examination he
was declared insane. Recently he was
returned from an insane asylum as cured,
and he will now have to stand trial. At
the request of his attorney, Hugh S.
Aldrich, the case went over until next
Tuesday to be set.
Before the same Judge Bengt Magnus
sen appeared on a charge of stealing a
house. He pleaded not guilty, and ihe
trial was set for February- 7, 1899.
J. P. Reddy, charged with criminally
assaulting a little girl in Alameda, and
incidentally being the man who Is sup
posed to have shot Officer Keys, was ar
raigned to plead to-day, but the matter
went over for one week.
The case of C. J. Sims, burglary', was
continued one week for arraignment, a3
was also the case of Richard Meade,
charged with burglary. W. 11. Allen,
charged with obtaining money under false
pretenses in connection with the Winters
Hotel deal, will plead two weeks hence.
She Wanted to Die.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Because her lover
refused point blank to make up after a
quarrel with her on Thanksgiving day
Miss May Smith, aged 18 years, swallowed
a dose of carbolic acid with suicidal In
tent at an early hour this morning. At
the Receiving Hospital Steward Tobin
applied the stomach pump with success
ful results, and this afternoon the young
lady was out of danger.
Miss Smith says her parents reside at
490 Kleventh street, San Francisco, but
she has been away from home for about
a year. She committed her rash act at a
lodging house, corner of Eighth and
Washington streets. She has been keep
ing company with a young man named
Mose Coleman. who, friends sny. .lilted
her on Thanksgiving day. Yesterday she
received a letter, the contents of which
are presumed to have an unpleasant bear
ing upon this lovers' quarrel.
Change at the Blind Home.
OAKLAND, Deo. 21.— General W. T.
James resigned as chairman of the board
of directors of the Home for the Adult
Blind at a meeting of the board last
night, and Director H. O. Trowbridge was
elected to fill the vacancy. The present
board is composed of four Democrats-
Messrs. Glascock. Shaw, Smith and
James— and one Republican, Mr. Trow
bridge.
Given the Extreme Penalty.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.— 1n the absence of
a whipping post for husbands who abuse
and beat their wives, as recently sug
gested by Police Judge Moore, that trib
une of justice to-day did the next best
thing. A. H. Ingersoll of 806 Castro street
was convicted on a charge of disturbing
the peace. More specifically he was
I charged with having driven his wife and
children out of the house with a hatchet
during the storm last Monday night. • The
maximum penalty is $200 fine or ninety
days in jail or both. The sentence doled
out to Ingefsoll by Judge Moore includes
both.
CHEESEMAN TO BE TRIED.
H. J. Brooke's Slayer Declared Per
fectly Sane by Asylum Physician.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21. — Another al
leged murderer was brought to the Coun
ty Jail to-night to go through the for
mality of a trial. Frank H. Cheeseman,
who shot and killed Henry J. Brooke last
August and then attempted to muruer
the latter's step - daughter, Etta M.
Payne, with whom he had been keeping
company, was discharged to-day from tne
insane asylum at Ukiah as not insane.
He was brought back to the jail to-night
by Deputy Sheriff Al White.
Usually those who regain their reason
are discharged from the asylum as
"cured." In Cheeseman's case, however,
the discharge reads "discharged as not
Insane." Dr. E. W. King, at the Ukiah
asylum, is one of the most clever experts
extant, and states that Cheeseman never
was insane, but that he very cleverly
feigned it.
Cheeseman appeared very rational at
the County Jail to-night. He said, how
ever, that he remembered nothing about
the shooting, but had read of the affair
in the newspapers at the asylum.
Cheeseman was at Ukiah about two
months, but he insists it was about four
and that it seemed like a year. Cheese
man's case will be set for trial as soon
as he secures attorneys.
MORRISON NOW A
POLICE CAPTAIN
SCANLON PROMOTED TO BANK OF
SERGEANT.
Police Commissioners Do a Little
Business and a Deal of
Wrangling.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 21.
The Police Commissioners appointed
Sergeant John Morrison to the position of
police captain this morning. Patrolman
Jack Soanlon • promoted to fill the
vacant sergeantcy.
Nlcolaus Williams, a patrolman, peti
tioned the board to appoint him to the
vacant captaincy, but his petition was
merely read and place on Me.
City Attorney Dow brought up the mat
ter by asking his two brother Commis
sioners if they were going 1 to fill the va
cancies on the police force. The Mayor
said he wanted to talk with the Chief of
Police before doing anything. '"The mat
ter has been dragging so long that I
think we ought to settle it." said Mr.
Dow, "so 1 will introduce something on
the subject." As he spoke he tossed, to
the secretary a resolution providing for
the appointment of Sergeant Peterson as
a police captain. Thomas and Clement
voted th'.s down, and the Mayor nomin
ated Sergeant Morrison. This was favor
able to Cltinent and, after voting no, Mr.
Dow changed and made the appointment
unanimous.
Mr. Dow then introduced a resolution
appointing Charles liammerton from pa
trolman to sergeant. The Mayor named
Officer Scanlon: City Engineer Clement
also named Scanlon. and he was appoint
ed. Mr. Dow voting no. Mr. Dow then
said It would be advisable to name a man
to 11 11 the vacancy caused by Scanlon's
promotion. lie named Special Officer
• Miarles Clark. The Mayor said he was
not prepared to act at this time as there
are a number of changes to be made in
the department and wanted more time.
Mr. Clement had no nomination to make,
and, therefore, the matter was laid over.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Gra^e D. Went
worth to-day filed suit for a divorce from
Nathaniel W. Wontworth on the ground
of desertion. The parties reside in the
upper end of Alameda County, and no
children or property rights are concerned.
Sheriff-elect Rogers to-day officially an
nounced his complete corps of deputies
as follows: W. S. Harlow, under sheriff;
L. Schoenau of Alameda. chief jailer;
George Taylor of Ijivermore, assistant
Jailer; deputies and court bailiffs— W. W.
Morrison, First Ward, Oakland; John
Striker, Oakland Township; Will Holland.
Oakland; E. Welch, Hay wards, Eden
Township; and George Wales, Newark,
Washington Township.
Read the first Christmas spent in
! Death Valley, by a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in next Sunday's
I Call.
Election Contest Abandoned.
SALINAS. Dec. 21.— The election contest
brought by W. A. Anderson against
County Assessor-elect J. B. Bennett on
the ground of fraud in the count in va
rious precinr-ts was abandoned by the
complainant this afternoon after eleven
precincts had been counted and it was
found that Bennett was gaining. No
frauds were found.
Advances made on furniture nnd pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
WEDDED FOR FIFTY YEARS
THERE was a big gathering of the Danish colony in the St. Nicholas Hotel last
Tuesday evening. The occasion was the celebration of the golden wedding
of Mr. and Mrs. Christian Christensen, and it was a happy company of rela
tives and friends that sat down to the wedding supper in the hotel banquet
hall.
On December 19, 1848, Christian Christensen and Anna Katherine Petersen were
married in Schleswlg. which was at that time a part of Denmark. Ten years
later they came to the United States, and finally settled in California, They pur
chased a ranch near Petaluma, and lived on it until 1863. In that year they re
turned to Denmark with the intention of spending the rest of their life there, but
the war with Germany broke out, and ended in their birthplace becoming a portion
of the German empire. They therefore returned to their ranch in California,
and lived there until 1888, when they moved to San Francisco, and have made
thrir home at 211 Steiner street ever since. Mr. and Mrs. Christensen are both 75
years of age, and were born within a few weeks of each other.
Among the invited guests were: H. H. Berkholm, Danish Consul; Mrs. H. H.
Berkholm; ex-Danish Consul John Simpson and wife; H. Ravn and Mrs. J. Peter
sen, nephew and niece of the happy couple; J. Petersen, Harry, Alma and Meta
Petersen. Lorenz Ford, Mr. and Mrs. James Madison, W. P. Nielson, Miss Helena
Nielson. C. M. Beck, Harry de Lasaux, Miss Cecelia Decker, M. Salomon, Paul
Engel, Miss Herta Meyer and Mrs. C. M. Beck.
The parlors and banquet hall of the hotel were beautifully decorated for the
occasion. James Madison acted as toastmaster. and on behalf of their many
friends he presented the couple with a solid gold easel, on which rested a gold
card. The pictures of Mr. and Mrs. Christensen had been reproduced on it in
enamel, and the dates of their wedding and golden wedding were inscribed
thereon also.
SEXTON HAS
A HISTORY
OF MYSTERY
Strange Pull With the
Southern Pacific.
ALWAYS ESCAPES TROUBLE
WAS CLOSE TO FAIR AND C. P.
HTTNTINGTON.
Once Passed Some Months Waiting
Trial for Forgery in the
Alameda County-
Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 21.
Oaklanders were surprised to learn that
John E. Sexton, "the man of mystery,"
is now under arrest at Sacramento lor
operating on the confidence plan. Sex
ton's home, so far as he has any, Is in
Oakland, although he has not been seen
here for some time. He is a most myste
ious man, and some of his Oakland esca
pades and the manner in which he was
able to clear himself have long been a
surprise.
In March two years ago he was on trial
for forgery in Judge Ellsworth's court,
but escaped conviction. On that occa
sion he was charged with forging the
name of Bob Boyer, a well-known cigar
merchant, to a Wells-Fargo check. At
the first trial he was acquitted through
the agency of the Almighty, only one
juror not favoring conviction, and he ex
plained his position by stating that he
had prayed to be directed aright and God
had told him to acquit Sexton.
Sexton was kept in jail from December
19 to the following March, and was made
very comfortable in his cell, but refused,
to accept bail, although Southern Pacific
officials expressed a willingness to go on
his bond. At the second trial he was ac
quitted.
During his confinement in the jail here
he had but two books in his cell, and he
was always studying one or the other.
One was Webster's Dictionary, the other
a manual of American railways. He was
not educated at school, but in spite of
this and although he is but 28 years old,
he is recognized as one" of the best of
civil engineers, skilled especially in the
branches of hydrostatics and hydrodynam
ics. He is a telegraph operator, an electri
cian, and is thoroughly posted concerning
railroads all over the country.
He claimed to be very closely asso
ciated wi^h Collis P. Huntington and was
also a confidant of the late Senator Fair,
and he succeeded In doing some clever
work for the Senator that brought down
<<n him the enmity of Banner R. H. Mc-
Donald.
At his trial in this city A. D. Wilder
and several other Southern Pacific peo
ple testified on his behalf, and the trial,
although on a comparatively petty
chargo, created as much interest as one
for murder on account of the mystery
surrounding the defendant.
One of the police detectives remembers
an incident which showed that Sexton's
claim to importance in railroad circles
has a good foundation. "Sexton was
standing at Seventh and Broadway,"
said the detective, "when the unattached
locomotive that runs through from Fruit
vale to the mole after midnight ap
proached. Sexton wanted to get to West
Oakland. I told him the last car had
gone. 'Then I'll make this fellow take
me down," said Sexton, referring to the
engineer. As the locomotive passed Sex
ton commanded the engineer to stop. He
recognized the man and" brought the lo
comotive to a standstill in the middle of
the block. I told him to run to get
aboard, but instead of doing so he shout
ed to the engineer, 'Here, you; come
back to this corner for me,' whereupon
the locomotive was backer to the cross
ing where Sexton stood."
YON SCHMIDT WILL CONTEST.
No Alimony for His Wife if He Can
Prevent It.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 21.— Alameda society
was shocked when It read this morning
In The Call the story of the domestic
troubles of Mr. and Mrs. E. A. yon
Schmidt. The husband's story, published
exclusively in this paper, was the first
Intimation the friends of the couple had
that peace and happiness was not the
rule in the yon Schmidt household. Mrs.
yon Schmidt had taken an active part
In society affairs, and was a prominent
member of many charitable organiza
tions, but she never hinted to any of her
large circle of acquaintances that her do
mestic relations were not the most pleas
ant.
But on top of all this Captain yon
Schmidt adheres to the idea that some of
the women friends of his wife prompted
her to commence the divorce proceedings
against him. He says these were close
acquaintances of his wife's deceased
mother.
The captain's friends speak of him in
the highest terms. They say he was a
man of many eccentricities and an ex
ceedingly hot temper, but the last one in
the world to aouse a woman, much less
his wife.
The whereabouts of Mrs. yon Schmidt
and the children is still unknown to the
husband. It is known that they came
from Oakland this afternoon, visited the
home at 2221 Central avenue, secured
some necessary articles of clothing, and
returned to the city across the estuary.
Friends of the parties are making efforts
to bring about a reconciliation, but thus
far have made but little headway. Mr.
yon Schmidt placed the case in the hands
of his attorneys, instructing them to
exert every means to prevent his wife se
curing alimony, and to contest her suit
from every legal standpoint. He will
make no effort to secure the custody of
the children, but is ready to make every
provision for their maintenance and edu
cation.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 21.— The Alameda
Camera Club will give an exhibition of
lantern slides January 6. The views will
be of Alaskan scenery.
Mrs. Agnes Holste died at midnight
last night at her home. 2115 Clinton ave
nue. Deceased was 30 years of age and
the wife of George A. Holste.
The members of Halcyon Parlor, Native
Sons, indulged in a Christmas tree high
jinks last evening. Preceding the festivi
ties the following new board of officers
was elected: A. L. Morganstern. past
president; H. R. Lipman. president: W.
B. Hinchman. first vice-president: J. A.
Moller. second vice-president; A. L. Beh
neman. third vice-president; W. A. Gunn,
marshal; H. O. Tenny, recording secre
tary; F. C. Sunder, financial secretary;
S. J. Shannon, trustee.
The school buildings of Alameda are
overcrowded and the Board of Education
has been forced to fit up classrooms in
the basements of several of the schools.
The members of the Imperial Yacht
Club have elected the following officers:
J. Ellis, president; John Reagan, vice
president; J. Christie, secretary; B. Ta
bor, treasurer.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Dec. 21.— The Knights of
Pythias have chosen the following officers
for the coming year: M. of W.. John T.
Binther; C. C, T. H. Elliott; V. C, A. .
Atwood; prelate, A. M. Ewing; K. of R.
and 8., Charles R. Bryant; M. of F.,
Donald F. Miller; M. of E., George "W.
Gunn; M. at A., M. J. Congdon: I. G.,
John Schloate; trustee, T. D. Ricard.
The volunteer fire companies of Berke
ley held meetings at their house last night
for the purpose of electing officers. The
foremen were chosen as follows: Edward
Florence. Beacon Company; Walter E.
Brothers, Peralta Company; Andrew
Fricks, Columbia Company. All of the
local companies are making preparations
for smokers to be given at their respec
tive fire houses on New Years' eve.
Officers elected.
j The Hebrew Ladies' Mutual Benefit Associa-
I tlon has elected the fallowing as its officers
j for the ensuing term: Baruch Cohen, presl
| dent; I. Adams, vice president; S. Meyer, sec
; retary; I. Baer, treasurer; Mrs. Augusta Mor
i ris, prelate; M. Davis, I/. Solomon. J. Ster
; ling, trustees; P. Siea, messenger; Dr. Albert
i Adler, physician.
Court Yerba Buena, Independent Order of
I Foresters, has elected: 1.. Metter. chief ranger;
i P. J. McCabe, vice chief; C. O. Bently, record
; ing secretary; L. Fitzgerald, financial secre
• tary; Emll Petrosky, treasurer; T. Weeks,
: chaplain; Charles Page, senior warden; J. Ap
j pel. Junior warden; J. E. Breasch. senior bea
dle; J. H. Nevin. junior beadle; W. H. Schnoor
i and A. Cohn, trustees; Henry Beck, physician.
! Thomas Wright is the court deputy.
All the California calendars for 1899,
Including "California Wild Flowers,"
"Chinese," "Redwood," "Whist," etc.
Christmas cards as usual. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ♦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,.
A J McKlnnon, Cal It S Raw, Placervllle
J McMullen, Cal X Berry, Mont
.1 B Steams, w & d, W T Follmer, Cal
Grass Valley R R Veal, Martinez
Pllar Morln, NT AH Davis, Worcester
Miss R Eytlnge, X T D Musto, Stockton
C Balnbrldge, N V HS Allen, Sonora
S E Johnson, S Jose J X Tuffree, Cal
R R Johnson. S Jose Mrs \V W Worthing-
G A Smith. Courtland ton, Stockton
\V P Mathews Sarto {Miss Wnrthlngton, Cal
H Todd. Oakland A D Remaire. Cal
J A Allen &w, Cal I Mrs L Lucas, Cal
H W Joss, Palo Alto iA Ross, Cal
Mrs E C Chilbuck & f, j Mrs L F Smith. Londn
Salem (J Anderson, N V
F Russell, Portland |W G Schofleld, Mo
M J <le la Hunt & w, ;G L McCandless, Cal
2 c & n, Chioago !A L Francis. Klmira
Miss S Conway, Or Iw H West &w. N V
W C Pottfl & w, Cal I Mrs J M McCarthy,
Miss Potts Cal Stockton
G L Davis, Medford Miss McCarthy. Stktn
J A Wolf, Portland Mrs W A Smith. Cal
F H Downing, Dixon W H Kelley &w, Cal
M < ' Parker. Portland P J Jones, L Ang
O O Webber, S Rosa M Talt. L Gatos
X O'Connor, Cal |B T Glllett, Stanford
X A Forbes. Angel Isl O C Pratt. Stanford
M Murphy, Pinole 'C E Lindsay, S Cruz
H B Towne & w. Cal G M Perdue, Victoria
S Darneal, L Gatos A Frlant & w, S Jose
Miss D Holl'.ster. Cal G W Sill. Watsonvllle
Kin R Holllster, Cal |A Semaire, S Rafael
S H Rice, w & c. Cal I
PALACE HOTEL.
R I'llman, NY G Durbrow. Salton
A McKenzie, Montana M Moses, N V
H Osborne, L Ang A France. N V
H W Aldis. N V W G Blatt, Detroit
H Waite & w, Oakld C Paul & w, Chicago
A Bergerin&w. Chlcgo W West & w. Cal
Mlaa Wickersham. Cal A Bettens. Byron
A V Hooth, Chicago IR E Diion, Hanford
W Nash & w, Chicago F F Rogers, Stanford
E FlLow & w. N V C L Greenell, S Jose
1} D Moore & w, I*SA Mrs Greenell, S Jose
C Dally Jr & w, N V A Coleman, Martinez
Mrs J McLaren, N V M A Robert, V S N
H A Allen, Chicago F Risser, N V
C Callery &f. Pa j\V Romaine. N V
R Alexander & w, Sac W Patterson, L Ang
J J Driscoll & w, N Yjj L Copeland, L Ang
J Powning, Bolvedere'C Dunphy, Stanford
ii W Mordeca, MaderalL Woodbury, Wash
j U Martinez & w, Ptld Mrs Woodbury, Wash
! C Jacobsori, Portland 'J N Pennock, Ohio
G R Putnam, Wash Mrs J N Pennock. Ohio
G Stracham, NY H Shoemake, Stanford
W Rennington, Tacma A Cushing, St John
H Bfilkley, Hartford F Anßell, Stanford
J Campbell. Hartford Mrs Angell. Stanford
J R Hills, Hartford Miss Denkee. Stanford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E J Ruddy, Grass Val <J H Thles & w, Nev
C Ranth, "Stockton JMiss Thles. Nevada
H Schneider. Texas I.T Peterson. L Ang
3 Wardell, Rio Vista |G Swanson. Chf?o
R E Eaton. Sacto IP Farley. Davlsville
H A Wamsley, N V |.T L. Donaldson. Elmlra
Miss West. Portland F Kerr. New York
Mrs Hopkins. Portland |P M Clark. Riverside
Mrs C J Holmes, Prtld J Mclntyre, Vallejo
X Phillips, N Bnmswk 8 Smith. Stockton
O H Walker. Victoria
Story of the King of Counterfeit
ers in next Sunday's Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, December 21
Schr Melancthon, Bellesen, 8 days from Coos
Bay. __^
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th# San s*r&no!sco
Call, corner of Market «nd Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery straet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
»7 Hayes street; open until : :30 o'clock.
(21 McAllister street; t)pen until 9:80 o'clock.
«1S Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
108 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
itrepts: open until 9 o'clocic.
MEETING NOTICES. i
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge ! No.' 260 F • iT~
and A. M., Franklin Hall, v. 1839 'Fill- A
more st. — Second deirree TIIIsTY
(THURSDAY) ■>.-. EVENING, ,at 7 30 /V>
o'clock. - By order of the Master ' *
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. >
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1 F and ST"
•A. ■ M.. will meet = THIS rTHURK ■'■■'' Mk ','"'■•
DAY EVENING, December 22 " 7^o xV
0 clock. -First de ree. By order of the^rN
Master. „ FRANKLIN H. DAY.'secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 212. ■ •
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THl'Pi : Jk
DAY, EVENING, at 7-30 oVlocU -'fn-VV
■ stallation ,of officers. All Master /W
' MaltTr ' cordlall y 'ted. By/ order ■of the
' . E. C. HARE, Secretary.
PA CI £l c Lod e N °- 155, I. o. a v^sua-'-* *
Jr H^^AY iI EV^NI^ G lat DD < ece^ I^§&
ber :M. 1898. It is nece^ary <V^'
all members attend. Important business.
Visiting brothers Invited. "" > !-• ■ ■
r.o ■* t^ .i OHNi STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F.D. ASHWORTH. Act. Rec. Sec.
A ** OU ■■ BEN ;.? ADHEM * Lodge ? No. ,__mi|__,
L 112. I O. O. F. Members nre __s__fc__,
requested to attend the funeral of l iWs=?
THT- a her ' "M - T. BREWER. '•"*»»-
1 n « Vf v at . ! :3 ° ! P- - m -" Memorial : Hall,
ii.?' °;, F - Gliding. Veteran Odd Fellows
please attend. HENRY SCHROEDER.
- • N. Q. P. T. •
. | _ . ... A.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
i THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle » X? S«
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) A, f»i£l
--v'ENING, Fraternity Hall, 32 "rl»vX£_:
O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock. Smoker '** : _? l »
follows.
W. A. DAWSON. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
THE annual meetin_ of the stocKhoidera of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its ba/.s-
ing house, No. 301 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, January 10. ISS9,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and th»
transaction of such other business aa may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Ean Francisco, December 9, ISDB.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy it. X.NCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
Drvn^^ND^NOTICE-Dividend No. TTflfty
cents per share! of the Oceanic S'.eamship
Company, will be payable at the o flee, 3.'7
Market St., on and after Tuesday, January
3, IS9S.
Transfer books will close on Wf dnesday,
December 2S IS9B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Se retary.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union, 53'J Califor-
nia St., corner Webb. Dividend notice— For
the half year ending with the 31st of De-
cember, ISfIS. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, Janu-
ary 3, 1899. LOVELL WillTK, (Ashler.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Saving? Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Post street. For the half
year ending December 31, IS9S, a dividend ha»
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1599.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the under-
signed. FLETCIiER-RYER COMPANY and
FLETCHER F. RYER. have no agents or
representatives or persons authorized to act
for them or either of them in the State of
California except R. H. COUNTRYMAN, J.
H. THOMAS and SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
& CO., who are only authorized to act in
certain capacities. December 14, 1898.
FLETCHEK-RYER COMPANY, FLETCHER
F. RYER.
SAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint i",<.. 343 "d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISS CULt-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR cook desires situation in hotel or
institution; understands all branches of cook-
ing; best of references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS nurse, best of references, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutterl st.
EXPERIENCED German nurse In confinement
and other sickness desires engagements; best
references; terms reasonable. Address Nurse,
115 Eighth st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by th»
day; also washing. 6 O'Connell place, oft
Yallejo St.. bet. Mason and Powell.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, goes out by the day; makes
suit in one day. 22 Octavia st.
PROTESTANT woman wants situation In an
American family: is a good cook; best city
references. 2306 Fulton st.
WOMAN with a child wants to do housework;
city or country. Address box 623, Call office.
COLORED ladywishes position as cook_in small
family; small wages; no washing. 6l?ls Ellis.
GOOD, capable cook wants a position: French
and American dishes. Address box 628, Call.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats. Ap-
ply at 527 Market St., room 502.
WANTED— By middle-aged person, position aa
nurse to invalid or any position of trust. Ad-
dress box 639, Call.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily embar-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
NURSE wishes a few more engagement*: ex-
perienced; frms reasonable. 219 Seventh st.
YOUNG woman wishes a place to do house-
work and take care of children. 1263 Broad-
way et., near Hyde.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best h»lp. 414 V; O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHRISTIAN young married man, several
years' experience as telegraph operator and
railroad office clerk, desires change where
Sunday Work not required; owns and operates
typewriter; knowledge of bookkeeping; quick
and accurate; best references. Address box
626, Call.
PARTIES wanting- foreman for Lsssen Co.
mines can correspond with practical miner;
good references, having held the same posi-
tion for years. CHARLES KNUCKEY, 2030
Broadway, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants situation in private place;
understands horses and cows; good reference.
Address box 727, Call.
JAPANESE, faithful boy, wants place as
school boy; understands English and family
work. H. M., 410 Franklin st.
STEADY man wishes position as watchman;
day or night; twelve years; best city refer-
ence. A. A., 270 First St.
ALL-AROUND blacksmith; handy with laths
tools; wishes situation. Address box 636.
Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions on small place
near city or helping in small restaurant. Ad-
dress E. T., box 711. Call office.
ALL who Intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
YOUNG man, carpenter by trade, would like to
get any other steady position in wholesale
house, where services of a responsible and
honest man is required; CAn give bonds. Call
or address barber :,hop, 952 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to W
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bu»
and baggage to and from ferry.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, small plain country hotel. $25, see
party at our office 11 a. m. to-day;
chambermaid, assist wait, $20; waitress,
country hotel. $17 f.O, fare paid. MURRAY
& READY, fi34 and 636 Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework for
Mayfleld for 2 months: $10 per month. MIS 3
' TI.LKX, ::2." Sutter st.
NEAT girl for housework, $2S. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT second girl" $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN~cook, fZQ. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
2 WAITRESSES IN restaurant; $6 per week
MISS CULLEN. 335 Batter pi.
NURSE pirl, sleep home, $12; girl, assist house-
work, $12, sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
12 HOUSEWORK girls, city. $20 and $25; I
young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT girl, light work, $15 MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, boarding-house, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32ri Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, for Bakersfleld, $25. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German or Swedish girl, second work.
?20. MISS cri.I.RN. :i2"> Sutter Bt
COOK Bad seoond girl, same house, $15 and $20.
MISS CPLLEN. M 8 Butter st.
4 WAITRESSES for first-class country hotel, to
hold sta'ion of I chairs, for Dec. 2fi. $25; 4
m<>re chambermaids for Southern California,
$2": waitress, country, $20: chambermaid to
wait, country. $20; waitress, restaurant and
bakery, Bakersfleld. $20; -chambermaid, city,
$17 50- 2 chambermaids, city. $15; cook, few
boarders. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary fit.
COOK and laundress, small family, $.10; cook.
$25; German chambermaid and seamstress.
$2.',: house girl. Holllster. $20. see lady hern,
fare paid; housekeeper, small family; no
wash, $15; house girl. 2 In family, $15: and
many other girls for city and country. $15 to
$;.-, C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. I^4 Geary st.
PLAIN laundress, institution. $20: plain ironer.
hotel laundry, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ______
COOK and second girl, same house, $20 and
$15; waitress and parlor maid. $20: 3 cooks,
privnte families, J2"); 4 waitresses and cham-
bermaids, hotels, restaurants, etc., $IS, $20
and $5 week; and a large number of girls for
cooking and housework in city and country.
.T. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GIRL for housework, American family of I,
$25; second girl, $12. 631 Larkln st.
GOOD seamstress for dressmaking, $3 a week;
also an apprentice girl. 1301 Larkin st.
GOVERNESS wanted for three children. In-
qulre Occidental Hotel, December 28 and 29,
between 2 and 5 p. m.HELP WANVED— Continued.
I"^I "^ ANTED— Neat barmaid for institu-
tion in city, (V) per month, board, room and
• ashing: K<<jd place. W.D. EWER .t CO.,
«-4 Clay st.
ERSIAK rr Swt&sh girl, .ren-ral housework,
I ; to family: U week. 2572 Pine St.
3UNG girt tv wait in a restaurant. Call
ISti S.xr.nd « t .
:>l'NiT ciri about H to assist lady with light :
Sousework. 424 O*Farr<?ll st.
V active woman fcr light housework. 1021 I
Van Ness aye.. after 3 a. m.
:S' a POLK-N>at girl for li^ht "housework;
ivageg SS: sleep home.
GIRL wanted for general housework- tvaa*s
Six Call early, 710 Cole st.. near Chutes.
L.VDY ■ -4nv3ss»*r wanted to take another line
of g?»,d.«. Addrssa box 663. Call.
6OOD tailaresses; good wages paid. 206 Minna
fl OR fIOO to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS. 1; Grant aye., near Market at.
TA ,I LO ,. u or PK«aer cr. custcxa made coats.
409 Clementina.
OPERATORS on.wbitf shirts: ail new high
«P*ed machine*: also finishers en rtannel over-
sairtg. LSVI STRAUS £ CO.. 3';^ Fremont.
LEARX sewing at tCKisTEU TAILORING
'.OLLKGE: lessens t\ per weelc 42S Geary, ;
LEARN dressm-ikis? and mitnnery; positions j
tree; part^rcs. 25c up. McDowell's. IC3 Pest, j
HELP WANTED— MALJi.
m l" rr a y ~&~reaß YTrrrrr.TT/ PhonT^iaiiriis
■ L*adir.s Employment and Labor Agents.
Want To-day
SS tie rr.akers...... >c. ?c and 12c each
2tf woedchoppers $1 ;o and SI card
f farm har.ds ..s2<? and $15 and founl
Metal jpicner fl day
MURRAY A READY, t-34 ar.d li?,t> <_'lay st.
BUTCHER, country : bak<>r, country
MURRAY & READY, 634 and t2S Clay St.
COOK and wifeTmTcountry hotel. MURRAY.
. 4 READY. 634 and C! 6 Clay st.
i COOKS SSS, U). $30 ami r.i and found
Third httd cook.. $2.", and found
3 waltsrs $25 and $2fl and found
Boy for grocery store. MURRAY & READY.
654 and Cn- Ciay st.
MAN to set us a Frr.oh hot* rane«: free
fare both ways. MURRAY 4 READY. 634
and 638 Clay st.
SECOND c;«k. to: lunch counter cook, as;
aotcake baker and wa'flsman. $50 and board;
<*ook's fc'lcer, railroad camp, $20; waiter,
hotel. S3); waiter. »S5: butler, $23: butcher,
country shop, see party htrre. $4- and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT German, about 3<\ with fair education,
to care for an Invalid: $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN A. CO.. 104 Geary st.
IRONER worker en fire escacea .-.d railings.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LABORERS, mountain railroad. C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO.. KH Geary «t-
FHIP this morning for Skaguay; fare $12 50.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 GWry st.
WANTED — Young Catholic for hospital d<>- !
Ipartment for Institution. $20 per mimth. I
board, room and washing, references requlr-j
ed: bak»r fcr city shop, $45: young German to
drive grocery wagon, for city firm. $S to $12
p«r week, references required. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 626 Clay St.
WANTED — Married man to tak* care of place
near city. SS>; man about place. $20; dish- j
washer. $20; cook. $40: young man as waiter,
nice country place. $20, etc. ANDRE'S. 315
Stockton st.
WANTED— Working foreman for mine. $3 day:
farmer and wlf». $3.- : 10 laborers. $1 75 day:
cooks, waiters ar.d others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
7ASIALEMAN: Sonera: $23 per month. MISd
CULLEN. 325 Suttar st. .
WANTED— 2r; clothing and furnishing goods i
men and 10 cashboys: apply th's morning Tfcf '
Baldwin Clothiers. 324 Market st.
FURNISHING goods salesman and beys' cloth-
tir.g salesman. S. N. WOOD & C0..~71S liar- i
ket st.
__ :
WANTED— Cash boy at RAPHAELS'. !
WANTED — Salesman fcr our gent's furnishing
department. RAPHAEL'S.
YOUNG man for drygoods store. 1221 Stock-
— ' .
WANTED— First-class barber at ?22 Thini st.
BOY tr> feed Gordon presses. R. R. PATTER-
SON. ■- Montgomery st.
IS MEN wanted frr work in city. $1 75 per day;
long Job. Address box 827. CalL
WANTED-A good pantryman for restaurant.
137 Fourth «t-
EOT. one. who has worked In a picture store ,
preferred. JONES. 547 Mission st.
$100,101,000 TO loan en bonds, stcck. real estate, !
psods in warehouse and tn bend, cr on vaiu-
abies o* ail kinds at 15 Grant aye.. near Max- !
kst St.. UNCLE HARRIS. j
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied 1
unmarried men between ages of 21 end 3j. j
citizens of the United States, of good char- t
acter and temperate habits, who can. speak. I
read ani write English. For information ap-
ply to recruiting otflcer, 425 Montgomery st.,
San Franclyco, Cal.
BOY wanted; must speak G^nrac; room 3.
JOHN KUSCHLER, 235 Kearny «.
HAN to sell plants on ccm:ni3sian. Apply 5<30
Halght at. ,
BOYS from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 246 j
• Sutter St., room 14.
STEADY man witn $100 cash can make $75 a i
tnGnth. Capital ll^nor store. 253 Thirl st.
BARBERS — A handsome shop, clearing $I*} per
month; In town of 2500 population: shaving I
25c: price $UO. DECKELMAN EROS. r I*l 1
Ellis at.
WANTED — A boy about 14 for grocery store: !
$6 month, board and lodging. 1622 Waller. I
JEWELERS wanted. A. MATHIEU, 328 Bush |
street.
LARGE insurance office desires city agent hay- 1
ing good ccnr.ecti'ns and controlling busi- !
ness; salary paid. Box 724. Call office.
TO go to-day — 2iX> pairs men's --hand ■
shces, some nearly new, from 25c to $ new
shces, slightly^ damaged. ** price. 562 Mission ;
St.. bet. First and Second s- ■ Open Sundays. I
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
. rc't. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie US4.
HOTEL, man; must be a first -class bookkeeper:
state experience, references ar.d wages ex-
pected. Address box 743. Call office.
WANTED— At Montana House. 744^ Mission !
St.. men to take rooms: 10c, 15c aid 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms. 1541
Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States 1!*-
rtne Corps, United States navy; able-bodied.
■ onrr.arrled men between the ages of 21 and »
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared th • In-
tention to beeotrw such; must be of good char- :
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 J**t 5 Inches
and S feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis »'>..
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed RcLkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : ISO large
rooms. 25c per nig"-:.. $1 to 13 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 133y» Eighth St.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
. Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. J25 Grant aye. <.
TRY Linriei! House. Sixth and Howard sts. ;
tacrcughly renovated: 200 mi.: 15c. 25c night. ■
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. »1 ,
ta $2 5.) per wk. Elcho House. 563 1 * Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe HERMAN'S. It Steuart. :
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Setter at. .
EAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at .
. LANE'S. 504 Davis et.. near Jackson. ■
SINGLE. furni«hed. fine, large, sunny and airy ,
room. Be eight. Ronedale H u--». 321 El! at. 1
TRY Acme Hcuse,. K7 Market at-, below Sixth,
for a rmn; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar- :
ket: 200 moms. 25c night: reading room; free
'hu« and fcargagi" to and from the f»rry._
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Good canvassers: business trade: ■
big commission*. Room 14. 606 Mor.-gomery.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTN'EK with $150 or $200 to op«n saloon. !
•Rot «4a. Call offloe.
' ' WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To pae&aac a good upright piano. .
Room 12. Flood building.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; '
no fee without success; collections. G. W. 1
HOWE. atty-at-Uw. gSO Market, cor. Stocktn. |
NO" fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, m.
607. Emma Spreckela bldg.. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVAN3, It a: lister, next Hlbernia Bank. J
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. 937 Market at. . I
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection.
free advice: openevgs.Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckeis bWg.. 327 Mar-
ket: consul tat ion free; no fees in advance. - ■
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s23o; I SALOON! OB Third St., 1 block from
Call building: club and private rooms; a bar-
gain. WILKE i- UN'FUG. %-6 Market St.
A—sl2oo; DRUG store; rent $25: across the bay;
no opposition: well paying; a splendid open-
ins i'l? a fir«t-cla33 druggist. Particulars
WILKE & UNFUG. 306 Market **■__
A— J'.Ci'G— COAL and wood yard; established
many years; dcin? gocd business; horses and
Tvajions; rent $25; death of owner cause of
fsale; g°nuine gool Investment. Call WILKE
& UNFUG. SOU Market st.
A— SSOO— COUNTRY resort: Santa Ciara County;
fine bar room: 2 parlors; 7 bed room*; large
grounds: horse and humify; stock of liquors;
rtrst-ciaas paying establishment; owner ta
leave for East; a bargain. Particular*
WILKE & UNFCG. 906 Market St.
A-J1C0O; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing cood-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale: 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE £ UNKUG. SO6 Market =i.
A— J3CO; SALOON near R. R. depot: net rent
only $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
bargain In the market. WILKE 4 UNFUG.
9C« Market st. '
A— J7oo— DELICACY and grocery store oa El-
li* st.: 5 living rooms; rent $25; doing a good
paying business: owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUG. 306 Market st.
X— SS3O— COFFEE saloon close to- Alcazar The-
ater: first-class paying; rent $63; partners
can't a«r»HL WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
S. H. GOULD & CO.. i>22 Market st., oldest
and most reliable firm in this line In the
city, have for sale the following:
A— Sla'OO; grocery and bar: best location In
Mission; 3 living rooms: stable; low rent; fln«
stock: good trade; stock will invoice fully
price asied; thorough investigation.
A— $100; groceries and liquors; living rooms:
must sell; really worth Investigating.
A-.' candy route over 3 counties: team
and wagon; well-established trade; clearing
now net $75 per month.
A— $1100; bakery and delicacies: old-estab-
lished business; fine trade: large stock: will
trad* fcr good rooming-house or sell either
department separate; investigation s.-.llcited.
PA— Bargains in cigar stand.': $125. Jl5O.
A— sl43o: meat market and fruit stand: cuts
p 3 beeves, 2 calves, 33 she^p per week; 2
horses. 2 wagons; all cash trade; thorough
trial solicited.
A— sl3o; EXPRESS business: 2 horses and large
wagon, sood harness; bargain: going to the
ciur.tr>- cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. ;77 Market it
S2CO— PARTNER wanted: light Indoor business:
will pay over $73 per month ta each yearly.
M'LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$1000— Partner wanted In saloon; established 30
years; receipts over $SCO per month.
M'LAUGHLIN 4 CO.. 777 Market st.
J.-00 _ GROCERY store north of Market st. ;
liquors by the bottle; stock worth the money.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
$123 — TOFFEE ar.d chop house: a 'jargain. Mo-
LAUGKLIN 4 CO.. 777 Market at.
JIJV-PARTN"EP. wanted te exclusive business;
$!2 to SIS a week each. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO.. i Geary st.
$4-10— PARTNER wanted In light business,
where the sen-ices of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help: business long estab-
lished and too much for one man: no experi-
ence required; trial given: $13 to $30 a week
each. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
A— KREDO 4 CO . ........ 224 Gi=ary at.
Real Estate and Business Chances.
$S30 — Grocery ar.d bar: value in stock.
$7r>o—Grocery7 r >0— Grocery and bar: Third at.: snap.
$1750— Saloon; cor. Karl receipts $73 '.ally.
$200 — Saloon: corner: n»ar cattle market.
$373 — Cigar stand: clears SIGO monthly.
$173 — Cigar stand: $10 tally.
NOTICE— To buy or sell yaur business quick
for cash see :.vzel Ik CO., 7 Grant aye.
$4."0 — SALOON: clears $73 per month; bargain.
5550 — Corner grocery ar.d bar; full value.
SvOO — Restaurant; receipts J33 per day.
S~ZO — Cigar store; Market St.; a snap.
To buy or sell see MENZEL, 7 Grant av<»
PARTNER for light indoor business; only
steady and reliable man need apply; good
pay. Call 1027H Market st.
$25i>— EXPRESS business; steady trade from
stores; trial given. Inquire 1027 1 ! Market st.
$300 — CORNER saloon: good location; cheap
rent; investigate. 1027^ Market st.
$325— GROCERY; bar.
$1100— Hotel; water front: splendid bargain.
$275 — Branch bakery.
$100— Brar.ch bakery and delicatessen.
$150— Saloon; worth $300; to-day.
JONES, BS3 Mark»t st.
M. W. MOON &. CO.. formerly the National
Agency at 7 Grant aye., ssre now located at
10O8tj Market st. and hav^t buyers to invest
In any legitimate business: tarties willing ta
s^ll give us a call: correspondenc* solicited.
BARBER shop, 3 chairs: old established; e!srar
and laundry business; bargain: going East.
Box 633. Call office.
GOOD bakery, horse and wagon, with branch
route of $330 per month; cheap. Address l»x
524, Call office.
■ — —
FOR SALE— Restaurant; on account of sick-
ness: splendid location. Inquire 1212Vj Polk.
ENERGETIC man with $3CO can clear $300~a
month, guaranteed: this places a new and
necessary article upon the market. Partic-
ulars, box 9<M. Call office. Oakland.
$173— B RANCH bakery, candy and notions; icy-
lng gefld business: investigate. Inquire 1321
Buchanan, near Ellis.
COFFEE and tea. routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL 4 CO, S. 415 Sacramento st.
$100 — WELL stocked candy ."tore; must sell at
once. Address bex 637. Call office.
BAKERY: all store trad*; co wagon; Hi b*ls.
dally. Bos 668, Call office.
PROMOTERS -ted to Introduce new Inven-
ttoE. Box 628. Call office.
FOR SALE— Fine clear stand; 34 Eddy. Call
room Sl4. Call building.
$50 — CIGAR store: clear* $1 50 a day; can be
increased. 141 Fifth st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking salccn for sale
cheap. Inquire at 330 Sacramento, nr. I -amy
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarter*;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 167-U*
B*al» tt
LODGING HOLSES FOR SALE.
110-room corner hous«» $6300
10-room house; worth" $1000 500
32 rooms: fine corner ISSO
14-rocm house; only 400
24-rocm house; rent CO 750
9-room house to rent, fumi6hed
6-room flat; rent $22 230
14 rooms; on Sutter st 430
82 rooms; reduced from $COOO to 2E«O
10 rooms: en Sutter st 210
tt-rocm house: new house and furniture. £50
I ro«ms; new furniture; ccst $530 200
12 rooms; on Market St.: rent $40 45<>
10-room house: only 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 630
46-r - house: corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICE 3.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER. IC2O Market «t.
A— KREDO 4 CO 22'~i Geary st.
Money Advanced .on Al! Houses.
9 rooms: nice house: clears $33 .... $325
II room*; bay-window corner; transient... s>»
14 rooms; all bay windows; a snap.. . . SOO
23 rooms: Fifth St.; clears $73 600
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— J2DOO CASH; SO rooms: elevator: rent $200:
clears S2CO. SPECK 4 CO . 602 Market st.
A— SNAP: $10C0; comer, 70 rooms; clears $100.
At SPECK 4 CO.'S. IC2 Market st.
$130 i> — Lodging house: 40 rooms, bargain: part
ca?h if desired. MLAUGHLIN 4 CO.. 777
Market st.
NOTICE— To buy or sen a lodging- quick
for cash see MENZEL 4 CO.. 7 Grant m
LADIES. If you need money call on UXCLE
HARRIS. 13 - ■-- aye.. near Market st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery, 11:-
INTOSH 4 WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
AN ■ karat gold Howard watch, worth SIM.
for $67. at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ays.
TOOLS 4 machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged: send postal. 643 Mission.
20-MTLE • power U. S. regulation field glass,
cost originally $33. for $1L at UNCLE HAR-
RIS,' 13 Grant aye.
GOOD singing canary birds for sale. 431
Minna st. '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, ofnee furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and Beccnd hand. J.
VAN. 1017- -1023 Mission st
above Sixth.
— — .
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 51« Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
J. R / POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: teL South 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new ar.d second-hand: all
sUes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. BeU Co.. SU Mission; teL. Br. 131.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HrT!»TWinT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
CalL Bent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for tl SB a year.
!E\Vl>'C MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, seld;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth, phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. . 205 Fourth St.
' FUIINITLRi: FOR SALE.
DOLORES, 3-roora cottage; cheap; call
evenings; furniture for sale. .■ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
PERSONALS. -
HOW many times do you have to get up every
night on account of weakness of urinary or-
gans? Send ... and address and . I will
send you trial bottle of sure and -a:« remedy
free of expense. W. J. HARLAN. box 623.
Call office. ■ ;
PHYSICIAN* (widower, 50 years old) in nice
position would like to marry a lady with a
fortune of at lea-st $30,000. Addresa L. R-,
6C2:) Aberdeen, st.. Chicago, lIL
PICTURE rramins with glass, new cheaper
than ever; 7x3 inches. Me; 10x12. Be; 12xlS.
20c: 14x17, 25c: 16x20. 30c; 13x22. ?.3c; 20x24. 45c;
22x25, SCc; curtain pcles complete, with wood
or brasa trimmings, 13c; room molding, ail
colors, lc per foot; colored 1 pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for luc. JONES, 547 Mission st., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
THE Gastronomic restaurant, formerly the
Poodle Dos. will remain open at the same
place as before, the kitchen, being under the
direction cf one of the best chefs In the city.
A. GAUDARD. prop'r., car. Buah and Grant.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sate; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. G7CO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LEDERER. the hairdresser, has but one price
23c; alt styles: LEDERER' S FOAMO. scpackage;c pack-
age; use no other; switches, $1 up; open Sun-
days and holiday, a to 12. 123 Stockton st.
LEDEF.ER'S Qulnonia is the one tonic that
helps hair that is thin or falling out; 35c bot-
tle; try it. G. LEDERER. 12:; Stockton st.
JOSEPH GREVE.V, Instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
I January, being impossible to receive the many
! applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly 12. ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg., Jones and Market.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's:
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsoin.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present : stamps
bought. W. - . scnopp 4 Co.. Us Stockton st.
I ELECTRIC Tights in every room: Winchester
Hcuse. 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
Be to $1 '■< per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
. free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
j CHRISTMAS Sale — Japanese bamboo furniture;
j all kinds to order: wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders K. TOSHITANI CO. 313 Sutter.
SUITS to order oa installments at cash pr.ees;
; $1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in eunflagmeat: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Sth at.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th a^d Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO ~Ladies 7~7 ~ French"faTlorin?
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
LATEST style- dresses made, S3 to SS: dresses
msite wrer.. ' Eddy -• . rooms '.4 and 15.
SPIRITUALISM. .
, ATTENTION.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all and
i instantly gives ycu peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
WOT she tells yew in full of all that you are
interested in; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and buried treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance la priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
\ Treatment and consultation by mail always
satisfactory an. most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A D. HOWE,
1104 Market st., S. F.. The Vendome.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
ar.d psychometrist. b<ix 11?. Oakland. Cal.,
diagnoses disca?" by mall without symptoms
from lock of h.iir; 5 2-cent stamps: reck from
mines read. $2 50; life readings by mail, $2 50;
I send fcr testimonials.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
teat medium. life reader, medical clairvoyant.
cures disease with revealed remedies; consul:
when others fail: «ittinr« It. 233 Stockton st.
$100.00" TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant
aye., near Market st.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
: anil palmist; truth or no pay: 25c 1150 Mis-
sion st.
I MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
; r.Uht; 10c; SQS McAllister St.; come skeptics.
! MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. : p. m. ;
Men., S: 23c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this w^<*!c; 'atl^fa-Ctlon *stia,ra.nt£«?(i. '• - i?th.
CLAIRVOYANTS. '
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco.
At 1023^ Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
: will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lest affections, make marriage
with the one you love no fairare, remc-ve Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
' standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc
S. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms,
; To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 10231% Market st.
MM". HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th. rm. 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c; ladles only.
343 Natcma st., bet, Sth and 7th.
', MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1163 Mission, ar. Sth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; tie up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
] Mrs. Hoskins, tr. medium, -••- daily, $1; cir-
I cles Tues. eve.. 26c. 122 3. Spring. Los An^eies:
j MME DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon. has reTmred to 218 Stockton st.
I MME. RAVENA ~ad» life fluently: business
| advice; names givrn; 2Sc up. 5 Fourth st.
! MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
! band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
i
i MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
tellT. has opened tn office at 315 O* Fan-ell st.
DENTISTS.
'■■ A METAL plate for the .-ame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $5; -.to", ns. S3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty,
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, comer Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, IS; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 yean;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work-
cur specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
; tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie U32.
1 DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O*Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4: rub-
ber or flexible plates 8; received i first prizes:
no students; guarantee 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
: of teeth. $5 up: fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. .25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3*: gold bridge, $3: plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 963 ■ Mission st.
: DR. LUDLUM , HILL. 1443 I^arket St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work und fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas. given.
! PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth.
$4: filling, gold. SCc: stiver. 25c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors. 45 Crown and
■ bridge work specialists; crowns $3; eat. 15 yrs.
1 SET of teeth without a plate. - DR. -H. O.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
: ALL work reasonable and warranted PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
i CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
CalL Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for SI 50 a year.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. "'ngiish branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veying, assaying. . etc. . 20- teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1332: catalogue.
! A YP.ES' Business College. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand. typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy. penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. s,t); low rates
cer week and month.
LADY teaches piano and mandolin thoroughly;
S0»" an hour: excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
i ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
ing. mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day 4 eve.;
eat. ISM. VAN DER NAILLEN. 533 Market.
, ELOCUTION 1 t'oratory; F. C. Caldwell: IS yrs'
, experience. Emma Spreckels "Kg. 327 Market.
INSTRUCTION — Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th St.
: SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st. : 1 400 positions secured 'n last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation.- practical!*
taught: short time. Tarr, £72 Parrott bid*.
'■'* - HOUSES TO LET.
1 A— Send for circular: houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. CMBSES 4 CO., 14 Montgomery.
PERRY, Bay- wind'- w house, . 4 rooms;
rent $12 ;Q; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBS EN 4 CO.. Incorporated. ,- .
WE can rent you a house with cr without a
' flagpole. BALDWIN 4 HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
12-ROOM house: fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
«t., near Market. . Apply at IS Grant are.
$3 OR S3O 000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye..
I near Market Ft. ' •.
$:o— 6 ROOMS and bath (naw>: Sutro Heights:
grand marine view; near 2 car lines. 41:
Forty-fifth aye. ; •
FLATS TO LET.
CASTROr"E4v"near 13th— $17 50: 6 rooms and
porcelain bath; sunny upper flat.
j FINE sunny flat. 4 rooms; near Mechanics'
Pavilion. 62 Ivy are.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN 4 HOWELL. 19 Mont-
'■ gomery st ■ . •-■ •
$1 OOO.OCO TO loan on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
1 near Market st.
ROOMS FOR HO KEEPING.
ALVA. May, Laura and all young and beauti-
; ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
I at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near
Market st.
BELGRAVIA. 1715 Polk— Elegant rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; en suite or single.
EDDY, 915 — 2 large furnished sunny rooms: all
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
; FIFTH, 353 — Clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, 3 for $12 and 2 for $12; single rma., 15.
. GROVE, 202. corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of i
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range. '
GUY place 12, oil First, just above Folsom —
$16; 6 rooms and bath; lower part of house.
! HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— 2 newly fur-
: nished rooms for housekeeping; $7.
j JESSIE, -;;•. bet. sth and 6th— 3 -.-.-♦ ccn-
n— •- - rooms. furnished complete for
housekeeping; $14.
KEARNY. near Sutter— Three unrumished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping. <aj
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
! MARKET, __— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet: call after 6 p. m.
MINNA, 322— Housekeeping rooms, furnished
complete;, sunny double room, suitable for
; gentlemen.
MISSION, S6B— 2 convenient connecting house-
keeping rooms: also single: sunny.
NINTH, 77 — Two cozy rooms for housekeeping;
with separate yard; cheap.
OCTAVIA. 311— Elegant new sunny furnished
bay window; corner floor; bath; gas; yard.
SIXTH. 333, comer Harrison— Sunny front
rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
j SIXTH, 420 Housekeeping rooms: al3o elegant
parlor suite: running waier. bath, closets.
TEHAMA. 62, near Second— s3; lower part of
house; first rate order.
'■ THIRD. 340 — Two - ma complete for house-
| kepeing: rent $7.
: THIRTEENTH. 179. near Howard— 3 or 4 unfur-
nished or partly furnished rooms; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearay -t.— Pleasant
tunny rooms: en suite or 1 ngle; first -class
in every respect, terms reascnable.
BALBOA, The. IMA Market— hands;
renovated; rooms Me, suites Jl per day; less
I per week; ct'cntry trade solicited: elev'tr;teL
, BRUNSWICK— Sixth St.. corner Howard—
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
i SI 25 to $5 week: open all night; Hiward-sc
; cars pass house direct from all train*.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gale—
.Nicely furnished rooms and cf flees.
I DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or «_-
turnished single and double rms.; Si. $1! ma.
' 1 PRIVATE room for gent 3 and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on. at UN-
. CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished ' rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 473 (427)— Two bright sunny rooms;
large and f— ail: nicely furnished.
ELEVENTH, Furnished or unfurnished
room. . • - ■ •
, ELLIS. <_ (Grand Cart lot)— Nice sumy suites
4 sing., $1 50. VI wk.: 50c, $1 day; teL 81. UK
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private: Jll.
FOLSOM. Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping: $1 5«) weekly.
GEARY. 14A— Sunny front bay-window suite;
ether rooms; $6 to $10 per month. .
' GEARY. 4C2— Newly fur. sunny front rms. ; 3
unfur.; cor. rms.; Ist floor; baths; transient.
GEARY. 428. "The Gage" —Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and ccld water; bath.
GEARY, Elegant sunny suites, privilege
light housekeeping; gas, range; other rooms;
reasonable. - .
; GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
i II; week. II to $4; reading room; Howard cara.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 527— Nice sunny f_-nish-
1 ed room.
, GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
i -
GROVE, 417Vj— 2 unfurnished rooms to let.
HANCOCK H use. 731 Mission— Select family
rooming house; 51 50 to 16 •er week.
HASKELL. The, 111 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
; MECHANICS' HOUSE. 436 Fifth— Everything
n<w: ran., single or suite. $1 wk. up: tran*-
cient; bar !n ccnnectlon. F. W. Gardener, bra.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch. prop.
MCALLISTER, S3s— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private: cheap to respectable party.
MINNA. 657. cor Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
-lON, 533 (Mint House) — Nice sunny fur-
nUhed rooms: transient; new house; central.
MISSION, 15UH— Small room to- give to a young
I girt in exchange for her company evenings;
references required.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
PIEDMONT House. 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single: first class.
j FINE, 514 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
eunny rooms i single or en suite; moderate.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
SEVENTH. 173— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
' SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 242— Sunny front -rooms; suites.
: single; facing- plaza;. day or month. t
TAYLOR. Nicely furnished {root • rooms;
en suite or «ingle: bath. gas.
TURK. 529— single furnished room. $1 25
week; front parlor, unfurnished. $2. week. ,
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch - office ; of Th« CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken. .' '
ROOMS AND BOARD.-
i r~~~-~~~~~-~. -~
BUSH, 1034—2 front rooms ; excellent home
cooking; 2 meals; reasonable.
i EXCELLENT board with rooms: all home.
I cooking; with refined, select family; reason-
! able rates. MRS. HORN, 226 Turk st.
: FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
j FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. 14 a week up; elegant p*rlor suite.
, HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— new
furniture: first class in every respect: table
unsurpassed: hot ■ and* cold ..water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. S3* a month up.
IRVING. 1070 Valencia— Largej!S y front al-
j cove room
PIANOS and trunks stored; and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
O'FARRELL. 742 — Sunny single nn-r.also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts; piano.
EUTTER; 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion ummrpassed; reasonable. .
VAN NESS a:*— , 51J— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.-'
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ir _
EXPERIENCED lady : would • board Infant or
older chlUren; mother's care; %V). £882 Six-
teenth X.. near Howard.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKEL3 beading. 327 "Market at.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents 112 50
to $20. ASHTON _ GARDNER, room 218.
IX r—WiiITERS. ~ ~.
ALL typewriters ' sold and rented, few partly
used far sale cheap; send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25: Callgraph. $15; Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
~~ . ..- PHYSICIANS. . ■.
i REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
i -.and residence, 1321* i Market, bet.. 6th and. 7th.
MLS I CAL INSTRUMENTS.
■ - - j" J j
A^7rso^Eß^_o7rnr?NST^A___tvrTAXDi
UPWARD. ,•:-+•- -I. r : -' ,
♦ • C5O per montS rent; n«w pianos.
J Heine upright $233 00
Steinway upright IS" 50
"t -Chickerlag upright 233 00
Sohmer upright .'.... lli 00 ""
Knabe upright 2 ~Z 00
And ever 21)2 1 ) bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $30 on each p_so.
Office of -
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $3
cash and 18 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for 13. $4 an 1
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. !
Stelnway dealer?, corner IT— 111 I and Butt*r |
sts.. Saa Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ;
A FTNE pra'ctfcully new Chlckeringr upright:
carefully selected by the owners at the Chlck-
erin? factory; sacrificed immediately on ac-
count of loss of business. See ot at once at
room 12. Flood building.
A MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis piano
will be sold at once to best oiler. Room 12.
Flood building.
A FINE List of Bargains in Good Uprights
This Week Only:
Weber $ 50
Steinway 150
Fisher • (Sacrificed)
Hemaie &. Long, and others very cheap.
Open evenings until S:3O.
GARDNER & GLAS3ELL. 216 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
AT AUCTION— 6 PIANOS.
To realize money advanced will auction 5 ;
strictly high grade new pianos (never used) I
and one seccnd-hand Dtano. Friday, Decem-
ber 23. at 2:30 p. m. J. L. LYONS. Auction-
eer, 1073 Fourteenth «t.. comer Chestnut.
Oakland: private residence.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood case 1130
Royal piano: oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case t..138
$S per month; guaranteed 5 yeara.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O' Far-ret! St.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., m Market st.
A STEINWAY. $175*- Steck. $130; Estey. $225:
Fischer, $230: Weber, $200; easy payments;
pianos rested $1 50 up; rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, 204 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent !
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elegant Eteinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. ISI3 Market st.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 30« Post st.
$155— ELEGANT upright, cost $423, for sale on
$5 Installments. Ilia Post st.
pn«T. 919— For sale: first-class upright piano:
standard make.
$133 — FINE upright Decker piano, cost $350;
bargain. 1012 Polk St.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only WO. 218
Port st. .
A FINE Stetnway and new Chickerinsr upright
sa^rtSced. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
$130— FINE Steinway; great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. ,W. C. HAMILTON. « Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tore. HORNUNG. tit McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR rtollns. zithers, old and new. H~
\n~T.T,FrR. waltpr r»rplrf»r. 1 Lath-im ntaeo.
______
MEDICAJU
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer. formerly of 228 Turk St.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; ait those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause), safe and
lure at any time; my ce'=brated remedies and
treatment have never eeo known to fail;
travelers helped without dslay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all these
. who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 238 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davids.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratcice; aa"» and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace i
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief. i
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home.
etc; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay; -care sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1238 Market at.;
pills, $1; very strong. 12. . -.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female - diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects, taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by mail
en receipt of price: consultation on ail special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
are., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or Instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1;' cure IS
By the well-known ladies physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 21* Kearny st.
A TREATMENT . that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly; hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market st., bet. Mason and Taylor. ,
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble sen Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure: cure In 34
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity horn»; best medical at-
tendance, cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt-. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no ether: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
DR..G. W. O'DOXNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved !m -irate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% Market.
ALL married ladles know ••Segoro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO..4o«Clay st.:
II 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St.. Sacramentc, ai.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1313 Golden Gate
•ye.: private home in confinement, with every ;
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants ado-ted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS- Coast Agents, Oakland CaL'
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. l"i? Second st. ; ML Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles eared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Los Angele«.
______
HORSES.
FOR Sale— Pair of well matched standard bred
and very fast bay trotters, with buggy and
harness, complete: fine road team for a gen-
tleman. Address 8., 230 ■ Montgomery aye.
•0 HORSES of ever/ description at Emporium
Salesrards. 22*> .Valencia . St.. . bet Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagans. har-
ness, etc.. at your own price.
«0 HORSES ' for [ sale; also wagons, baggies.
carts, harness; - Grand Ar<*ade Home Mar-
ket, IST Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. -ST7LLTVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND. CARRIAGES.
$40— 2-TON coal wagon; a bargain. KLEIBER
& CO.. 1504 Folsom st. ' - ■ -
~" CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Woriia — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. -
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S '-■ Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. : teL S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at It
STRATTON-S. 3 Eighth St.: teL Jessie 344. . ■
J. E. MITCHELL. Cayet-cleanin* Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per Tard: teL Miss; 74. ;. ■
CONXLLN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. -
ADVANCE Carpet -clean ing Co.. »02 Matter St.;
teL Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM. rYocrletor. . ■;
YUKON MAIL.
RELIABLE party, returning to : Yukon, via
Skagcay and Bennett, over the ice with dog
teams, wilt leave San Franc-laco January HJ.
1839, for Dawscn, Circle City and by sta-
tions on the Yukon River, as far as Ram-
part City: will receive and carry letters sent
in' Government', stamped envelopes at $1 . per
letter; letters over 2 ounces will be charged
extra: all must be stamped . according to
weight; letters for Atlin City will" be for-,
warded from Bennett.. Call or address letters
with fee- inclosed. f
I N. ; B.— Letters ' received will be answered
by postal, which forms ■ a receipt. - signed by
the • carrier. if so desired. Address C. 'G.
■ JOHNSTQNE,' 331 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
CaL }■-/ ;■■ ;:- .; :' - ,v. ;, ;.. .■. ..A . .... ■ / ■
CITY REAL ESTATE. .;
is MONTHLY"! ~~~
is . monthly:
-. IS MONTHLY!
PARK DOTS '$275— PARK LOTS $273:
PARK LOTS $275— PARK LOTS $275.
On Sth. 9th." lath and llti Avenues.
South of and not .a great way from. Golden
Gate Park, Cheapest residence IoU or invtst-
ment lota ever offered. Every lot is graded and
ready for the builders.
OVER to LOTS SOLD
IN « WEEKS.
WHY?
Come out and see them and you will know
why they have sold so fast. Title perfect.
Don't wait, as they are going very fast. Get
diagrams from us or at our branch ofllce, cor-
ner of H street and Ninth avenue, open daily
• Sundays and holidays included). Take H-st.
electric car?, which run to the Cliff House in
place of the old steam dummy.
BALDWIN i HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
Regulators of Prices, in. Sunset District..
SOL GET 7 & BROTHER.
ROOM 'A, CROCKER EUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth iv?.. near H St.
MOO. $450. $500 to ISOO each; street graded. lota
ready to build on: 125 down. $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Local agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM 1400 TO 1800.
$100 to 1300: lots near Mis3lon-9t. electric
cars; ready to build on; 110 down, $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM •'A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
. done: will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder. £21 X St., Sunset District.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly .should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
$450— NEBRASKA St.. near Nineteenth and
Lick School; :'xVK); $50 cash, balance S.? per
month: corner $500. Inquire 1326 Haye3 st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
300 ACRES near good town: mostly level; con-
trols thousands of acres of range; plenty of
timber; large orchard; house, barns, buggies,
agricultural implements; en railroad; $1300
cash, balance $25C0 on mortgage at low Inter-
est and long time. Box C). Call office.
A— s22oo— l4o- ACRE ranch, 2 miles from town,
Napa; nice house, barn: fine orchard of 4
acres : 4 horses : cows, tools, etc. SPECK &
_ CO.. M Market at.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone. Sonoma Co..
BARGAIN— orange grove, bearing;, or
exchange for S. F. property, at SPECK it
CO.'S. 602 Market st.
BARGAINS'— 3 M-acr* tracts: level, rich " val-
ley land; within 25 miles of Oakland; price
way down. Box 731. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
-• tea postpaid, for Jl M a year.
PROPERTY WASTED.
A— ssooo; Sutter-st. flats; want grain ranch, at
A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 802 '■'■--■ -■
HONEY TO .LO A.V.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances en diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408. Parr-nt building.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 10034 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland, no re-
moval: lew rates; no commission; 525 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at B*4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3..
$5000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120 Ellis
■ St., room 4. until Jan. :1. ■
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., cpp. Otympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. US McAllister, st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 635 Market St.
$30 TO J30.000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 M.-mtccmery st.
FI.VAACIAX. :
■ NOTE? di««itrated r loans negotiated. 9YL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. "-■ Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$255 CASH; small monthly Installments ad rsat
till pail for; a new, cozy cottage, 3 large
rooms; quite a little ranch; 6 fine lots; all
picket fenced: chicken houses and outhouses;
. city water and fine well of spring water;
flowers and nice garden: a self-sustaining
home; price $1400; 3 electric car lines and fine
school house near by; Allendale settlement.
East Oakland; climate and soil the best; grand
view; no fogs nor "cold winds here; 48 families
now own their homes; all within 2 years.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh St.. cor-
ner Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
30 MINUTES from San Francisco; 3 minutes
from station: in attractive neighborhood;
new residence. 7 rooms: strictly modern;
thoroughly constructed and finely finished; lot
42x125; small payment and monthly Install-
ments can be arranged. HERON & ■ HOL-
COMB. 1050 Broadway.
2 NEW elecant flats, furnished, good loca-
tion:, fine for young- married couple. Apply
E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway.
$4400—38 ACRES; cheapest ranch In California;
4 miles from center of Oakland.
OAKLAND FrRMTCRE FOR SALE.
FtTJNJTURTC— Good «nd rh«afi. H. HCHi^t.t-
Baa' 1 •' .--. «w tt.. ,-.„■>. .. j.. ...
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 6O cents on the dollar; one i, one
6 and one I room cottage; also for investment,
two 2-story cottages ; pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own price* and
en your own terms; call and see plan*. J. H.
YOUNG, Builder, «4J Park st.
RKRK..-~\ REAL ESTATE.
$1750— HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lot; street
work all done; electric cars pass the doors, a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley. . ;
$5500— A FIRST-CLASS Investment: house of 13
rooms; near the "university; thoroughly well
built; all the,. latest improvements : street
work all done; leased tor $53 net ' monthly.
Apply to J03., J.~ * MA§ON, Real "Estate,
Berkeley. . \' ,•-•--■*
PLEASANT home of 7 rooms on : Improved
street, f;r only. $2250. O. G. MAY £ CO..
1123 Center st. .
FOR SALE— Fine place In the center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch. ! milk ranch or home: '
»ix . acres; • house, tarni cnthouses. . windmill
and alt Improvements, price fIQCO-.-'i
D. J. TO BIN. Real Batata Agent.
\ ■ ■-- -" -' Stanford place. ;
PROPOSALS. .TV
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. December 13, tssi^l '
Sealed proposals. In triplicate^.* will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock m., January 13,
1333, and then opened, for construction of a
garbage cremator at Presidio of. San Fran-
ctsco. CaJi Government reserves right to re-
ject or accent any or all bide in whole or in
part. Preference give a to articles of do-
mestic ' production, .conditions of price and
quality (including In : the > price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being- pqual,
an ' such preference | given <to articles of
American production produced on the Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption- required by!
th public service there. Information fur- ;
nished on application to undersigned. En- !
velopes containing proposals . should be I In-
dorsed "Proposals for Cremator at Presidios
of San Francisco; CaL.'* and addressed to J.
M. MARSHALL. Deputy • Quartsrmaater Gen- !
eral. Chief Q. M . : :..%---•:;
RESOLUTION; ? V ~ ;
RESOLUTION— At a meeting cf the" Ecard of'
New City Hail Ccmini'sicners. held Decem-
ber 10. . 1598. . the following resolution was •
ordered passed to l .print:
" Resolved, that the ; following final ac- j
ceptance payment be passed to print: -James
J. O'Brien, on contract. No. 83, the sum of
J3O,o_i CtJ; also 'final payment to . John J
McGowun. contract No. S7. ' sum of $527 50-
John D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.. $756 50: Joha
: Quadt, $55: Gladding. Mcßean & Co., $603 50; j
W. H. MeCormack. $23. •
Ayes- , jmmissioners ■ Phelaa. BrMerlck. j
Gallagher. - - ■ ■
SAMUEL , H. BECKETT.
■ •'. " -■'-• . Acting Secretary. ! : .
—^^^ i^ —^— , ■
STORAGE. ' _ ;^- ■
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Cow
Office 401 Post it., cor. Powell, tel. Mala 3711 y.
LOST.
LOST— On the 20th lnst. a small black and
white and tan. fox t*?rrier dog about 8 months
old; black about head and hips: small white
tip of tall. -Liberal reward for returning same
to 234 San Jose i.e., near Twenty- fifth st.
LOST— Wednesday. Dec! ZT. on Ninth St.. bank
book Hibernia" Savings and Loan Society.
MARY or JOHN T. REDMOND. Return to
419 Eleventh St.; reward.
LOST— gold heart-shaped locket, with small
diamond la center. Finder return to this
office and receive suitable reward. ..'
LOST — An otter boa collar near Mariat or «
Kearny sts. Return to 102 Bartlett st. and re-
ceive reward. .. ■ ; ; . : . .-.
LOST— Sky terrier: answers to the name of
Rag: $5 reward. Return to 1520 Van Ness aye.
$10 REWARD— "L.- 'en Mission road, Decem-
ber 13, oversized white fox terrier dog with
left ear and eye black; right eye inflamed;
answers to name of Snap; no questions asked.
N. H. HICKMAN. Sixth and Channel sts.
LOST— employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. near Market 3t.. the
surety is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive th«> kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada in- year for $1 50, postage
paid. ■ . - - ,- .
MAS.BIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Paul Demartini and Lizzie Mu?ge..».......51-13
Hugh C. Wallace and Minnie Rlley 25-23
Alfred Ston^ and Zerda Melgren 2S-22
George Layer and Cora Peek 30-S)
C. A. Hunter and Anna E. Bran?- .."-:i
John F. Sawyer and Mabel P. Had10ck.... 43-35
BIR'THS-MARPJA&ES-DEAiIS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BLACK— In this city. December M. IS9B. to
the wife of C. E. Black, a daughter.
CURRAN— In this city, December 15. 1533, to
the wife of Archie Curran, a daughter.
ROUTSTEIN— In this city, November 30. 1335.
to the wife of W. Routstein, a son.
WALL —In this city; December 21. 1333. to
the wife of F. A. Wall, a son.
__ DEED.
Blair, John B. Klose. Carl
Chaloner, Hattie L. L. rtua. William J.
> Edwards. William Ma:t-on, ' Charlotte
Engle. George A. Moitoret. Agnes
Fennessey. Mrs. M. Mullett. William M.
Ferre. Lucinda Snow, James T.
Gaztn. Marie G. " Spellman. Julia T.
Haas. Charles Walmsley, Anna W.
• Holste, Agnes P. . Wilson. Lloyd C.
Huddelson. Nathaiiiel Wyman. Caroline C-
Jacob, Aaron Zimmerrnann Johann
BLAIR— In the City, and County Hospital. De-
cember 21. UN, John Bernard Blair, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 68 years.
CHALONER— Ia this city, December 21. 1533.
Battle L.. beloved wife of 8. B. Chalcner,
sister of John and Eugene Carherry and Mrs.
S. A. McCuilough, and daughter of Julia A.
and the late Aaron Carberry, a native of
Niies; Mich., aged 39 years 7 months asd 21
days.
EDWARDS— In this city. December 20, ISIW,
William Edward, father of Mrs. Emma An-
gella, a native of London, England, aged 73
years and 9 months.
C7Friend« are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence. 327 Texas
street, Potrero.
ENGLE— In this city, at Ocean View. Decem-
ber 29. IS3B. George A., beloved son of N. B.
and Mary Eagle, a native of MichigaJd. aged
23 years 5 months and 8 days.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral th i day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his aunt, Mrs. R. Walsh. 714 CapUal ave-
nue. Ocean View. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery-
FENNESSEY— In Oakland. John, be! '.=■! hus-
band of Mrs. M. .Fennesse7, and faxher of
Joha E. and Emma C. Fenneseey and Mrs.
Richard Orme.
FF.:.P.E— this city. " December 19, MS, Lu-
cinda, wife of Horac* R. Ferre. and mother
of Mrs. A. W. Pattalni and Ella. William
H.. Melville and Albert E. Ferre. a native of
New York City, aged 70 years 4 months and
S days. ■ - ■ ■-
E^Th» funeral services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, at 424
D^visadero street. Interment private.
GAZIN— In this city. December 20. IS9B. Marie
Godal Gazin. a native of France, aged SO
■ y«rars.
HAAS— In this city, December 23, IS3S. Charles,
beloved husband of Katharina. Haas, and
father of Henry. Ottlle and" Louisa Haas, a
native of Assenhelm. Hesse- Darmstadt, Ger-
many, aged 54 years and 10 months. -A mem-
ber of Napa Lodge No. i- I. O. O. F. ;
(nyFrlentia and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servteea
this day (Thursday), at 3 o'clock, at his
late residence. 220 Natoma street, between
Tenth and Eleventh. Interment Friday at
Napa, Cal. j
HOLSTE— In Alameda, December H. IS3S.
Agnes Porter H late, beloved wife of George
A. Holste. ■ -.
fr-^Ttae funeral will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 211.) Clinton avenue. Alameda.
Interment private.
HUDDELSON— In this city. December 21, 1393.
Nathaniel, beloved son of George and Tillle
Huddelson, a native of San Franci3co, aged
1 yea.- 3 months and 6 days.
JACOB— In this city, December 20, 1338, Aaron,
beloved son of Louisa and th» late Solomon
Jacob, and brother of Mrs. S. Goldstein. Mrs.
L. M. Schwabacker and Nathan and Henry
Jacob, a native of San Francisco, aged 35
years and 9 months.
EyFriends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
" residence. 733 Golden Gate avenue. ■ Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11: SO
o'clock train from Third and Townsemi
streets. . •
KL'"'SS — San Pablo, Contra Costa County..
December 20, ' 1598, Carl, beloved husband of
Armida Klose. and father of Adolph Kloee.
a native. at Germany, aged 70 years and 25
days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from San Pablo Bap-
tist Church. San Pablo. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
LOFTUS— In this city. December 2U, 1398. WH-
liam Joseph, dearly beloved son of Michael
J. and Mary C. Loftus, brother of Thomas M.
"* Loftus. and grandson of Martin and Mary
Gaaker, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 2 months and 20 days.
ESTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviti?d to attend the funeral " services
' "this .ay (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the. resi-
dence of the parents. 5T28 Minzta street, be-
tween Sixth and Seventh. lajerment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MATTSON— In this city, December 13. ISM,
Charlotte, dearly beloved wife cf Karl Matt-
' son, and cousin of Mrs. John Petersen. a na-
tive of Halmstadt. Sweden, aged 32 years 13
months an I 17 days.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at ll"o*clock.' from her late resi-
dence, 2221 Twenty-second street, between
Kansas and Vermont. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MOITORET— In this city. December 21. IS3S.
Agnes, beloved daughter of Anthony and
Agnes Mottoret. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 year? an.i 9 months.
C7"Th'e funeral will take place this day
(Thursday) at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents." 123 Valley street. Interment
private. Holy Cross Om«teri J - "■
MULLETT— Ia -thai Cty aad ' County Hospital,
December 20. IS3S, WllMam d Michael MaUett.'
a native of. Pennsyhnaiila. ; aged- *i- years.
SNOW— and aequai^tan«<*3 are respect-
fully Invited to attend- a* nth's mind solemn
requiem mass, tg be- celebrated foe the repose
of the Soul- of the- fete Inxama T.Sncrw at St.
James Church, comer TweEty.-third and
Guerrero streets, to-morrow .; iFrldajl, at 9
o'clock. • ' ■ •■-"-'-
SPELLMAN— In this city. December 21, .ISSS.
Julla : THeresa, dearly beloved wife .-^ tile lat«
.7 hr Spellmaa. I and mcther. - of . John, j James
J and Stephen FJ Spelfaan* and Mrs. .Byroa
Bailey, a. native Of. County Gal way .-Ireland.
azed 88 years. " ' " "-...,: ; r -V : -A.
WALMSLEY— Ia. this city,. "December. M 4SSB,
Anna W.. beloved wife of W. W. Walmstey.
beloved daughter; of Mr. Bnine- L-. and Eliza-
beth Gerdes, and sfster'of Mrs.- George Boscc.
a native of San . Francisco, .... -years 10
month* and 15 days.
. (pr Friends and; acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral fv-morrow
(Friday), at 2 ; .o'cloci. > from her late resi-
dence, ~4IS Lag".- straet.' between Oak and
Fell.? lnt»rcnentl.,p.;O. F. Cemetery. '
WILSON— In this city. December ». IS3B. Lloyi
Chester, youngest son ot~ James L. and L"ula
B. Wilson, a native of San Francisco, "aged
3 months and 20 days, , .; . j '
WYMAN— San -Mateo,; December" 21, r - JS3S.
Caroline Coddlngton Wymnn. beloved mother
of Mrs. George A. Knight and Herbert 'C.
-.an, a native of New .In ■*>. , aged 75
years.
ZIMMERMAN^— In this city. December 21..
/■IS3B. Johann G.. beloved husband of , Kali- .
Zimmencani; father of Albert. Louis. Fred-
die and Lorins 'Zimmermann. and [her of
L: Eimmermann. Mr*. P. Boegler.- Mrsf. Louis
Zeias and Mr A. Bauar. a native o£ Bad-n.
Germany, ' ai~: 42 A member of Eu-
reka 1-o'lsre No. 6, H. O. S., and Ivy Lod^w.
K. of H.
CTFrienls and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvited to attend th<t funeral to-morrow
(Friday!, et 2::3> o'clock, from his late re«i-
denc«", 1714 Lagnna street, between Sutter and
Bush. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan * Gallasher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:^B3i
.■' . IS Fifth st., cGDostt* I.lncola ic^ooL
,T«lephon« South 80. ■ _, ■ ■ '
Weekly Ca11,51.50 per Year
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
ROOS
Kearny and Post
Give
good
gifts
the kind that
will last until
some other
Christmas
Full dress suits
$32.50 to $50
Tuxedo suits
$30 to $45
Mackintoshes
$5 to $35
Overcoats
$5 to $55
Our stock is especially complete in the
grades from $10 to $15
Men's suits
$10 to $35
We have all these to
fit both the person and
the purse
Kearny and Post
Silk Underwear
makes a man feel ' fine as
silk ; " we sell lots of it
because the price is right
Call to see the prices
Hats
Five grades
95 C » $1.50, $2.50, $3.50, $4.00
ROOS
BROS
Kearny and Post
Three days to sell
smoking jackets — too
little time. We mark
these down : —
Fine, silk matelasse\ quilted lin-
ing throughout, reduced from $18
to $15
Same kind with farmer's satin
lining reduced from $15 to $12.50
Other gift goods are also
marked down, such as bath
robes and morning gowns
BROS
Kearny and Post
Gift hints: —
A suit case good for travelling
$5 to $25
Valises and grips $3 to $24
Pure silk umbrella $3 to $15
Neckties 50c, $1, $1.50 and others
from $2 to $4.50 «
Silver buckle suspenders
$1-50. $2, $2.50
Glove and hat orders
For boys: —
Long pants suits 12 to 19 years
$6.50 to $20
Knee pants suits with vest
for 11 to 16 years $6 to $15
Knee pants suits 8 to 15 years
$3 to $12
Reefer suits 4 to 10 years
$3 to $10
Middy suits 3 to 8 years $2 to $12
Reefers 3 to 8 years $3.50 to $10
Boys' Ulsters 8 to 15 years
$5 to $9
Kilt overcoats 3 to 8 years
$3.50 to $8
Boys' fancy sweaters $1 to $3.50
Childrens' fancy blouses $1
Boys' gloves 75c to $1.25
Fancy bows 25c to 50c
Boys' fedora hats 95c to $2.50
Sailor caps 50c to $3.50
Boys' golf caps 25c to $1.50
vt 1\
X2^330 MARKET SrIsf.SSSS/
PREPARED A
ROPE FOR A
FIRE FIEND
GREAT EXCITEMENT IN
TIBURON.
Henry Young, Proprietor of a Build=
ing Suspiciously Burned, Set
Upon by a Frenzied Mob.
Attempted Suicide
of His Wife.
Never before in its history has the little
town of Tiburon on the Marin County
shore witnessed such tragic and exciting
events as came to pass last Tuesday
evening and yesterday morning. They be
gan with an attempt, planned with devil
ish ingenuity by a fire fiend, to lay the
place in asht-s, quickly followed by the
arrest on suspicion of Henry Young, a
wealthy hotel man and merchant, and a
determined effort on the part of the in
furiated populace to lynch the alleged
author of the outrage. Cooler heads
averted this breach of law and the citi
zens were growing calmer, when the ex
cltement again rose to fever pitch by a
desperate effort on the part of Mrs.
Young to end her life in the waters of the
bay. All that night and until the arrival
of "the authorities from San Rafael at an
early hour yesterday morning it was
found necessary to keep Young and a
clerk named Edward Butler under armed
espionage in order to preserve their lives.
Several minor happenings added to the
furor, one being a clashing of Attorney
James W. Cochrane and Deputy Consta
ble Fletcher, which ended in the muscular
limb of the law throwing the officer bodily
out of a room and locking the door to
prevent his return.
About 10 o'clock Tuesday evening Fred
Hackett, the proprietor of the El Dorado
saloon, heard the sound of an explosion
in the store of Young & Mitchell, known
as the "Daily Supply." He listened in
tently, and, hearing another explosion,
ran round into the narrow alley between
the buildings and perceived that the rear
of the "Daily Supply" was in flames. His
cries elicited no response from within, and
he dashed out into the street, yelling
"flre." A large crowd rushed to the
scene. Jerry O'Connell, Engineer Joseph
Wasaer and Expressman William Lewis
aided Hackett In breaking in both the
rear and front doors of the building with
heavy billets of wood. Both doors had
been locked and barricaded with boxes
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* Robtrtftdale, Pa. - «
I saw your advertisement of Ccticura
Remedies in the Philadelphia " Record," and
paid only $2.00 for Ccticuba Resolvent,
Cuticcua (ointment), and Ccncuiu. Soap,
which cured me of Salt Rheum on my hands
of 20 years' standing.
I had the worst hands I have ever seen.
At first my hands and fingers broke out in
red, watery blisters with terrible itching, so 1
could nearly twitch the skin off my fingers in
agony, then after the watery fluid would come
out, there would a scab form with matter un-
der it, which would peel off and come in great
cracks, the blood running out in streams.
My finger nails grew out in wrinkles like a
cow's horns and the roots of the nails were so
affected that I lost six nails, three off each
hand, but now they have grown out nice and :
smooth. lam very thankful to you for Cuti-
Cuba. S. R. MILLER, Robertsdale, Pa.
ECZEMA and every kind of torturing, humili-
ating, disfiguring. Itching, burning, bleeding, and
scaly skin, scalp; and blood humors, with loss ol
hair, li Instantly relieved and speedily cured by
warm baths with CUTICURA. SOAP, gentle
anointing! with CUTICURA (ointment), purest of
emollient skin cares,' followed by mild doses
of CUTICURA RESOLVENT, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
Pott«« Dhpq awd CniM. COBIVi Sole Props., Boston.
«T" " How to Cure Etc*? Kiel of Edema, " vv^ti frsa.
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1898.
and bedding. Hackett succeeded in ex
tinguishing the fire in the rear with a
garden hose, when loud cries showed that
there were other sources of the blaze.
The crowd that poured in was simply
wild with rage when it was discovered
that fires had been started simultaneously
in six different rooms. The incendiary
meant business. Boxes and bedding,
kindling wood and other inflammable ma
terial had been piled in each room and
saturated with kerosene, while cans of
gasoline were scattered about, with the
tops of the cans pried open, so the fire
would catch more quickly. In one side
ruom had been placed a large can of
powder, also with the top open. It sat in
the center of the floor, away from the
kindling wood, In order not to explode
until the flames had gained considerable
headway.
All the blazes were soon extinguished,
but not until two cans of gasoline nad ex
ploded and set the walls on fire. The
buildings in the vicinity are closely
packed, and the whole town would have
been at the mercy of the flames if the fire
had been discovered two minutes later.
Shortly after the fire alarm had been
given Young rushed out of the saloon of
N. R. Hansen, a few doors distant, and
into the side .nor of the burning struc
ture. He soon reappeared, carrying his
litt'.e boy, and closely followed by his
wife. They repaired to the Sonoma
House, of which Young was proprietor
until yesterday.
A howling mob soon gathered, and
crios of ' r Lynch him!" "Kill him!"
"Don't let him get away!" rang out.
Deputy Constable Fletcher arrested
Young, and the crowd tried to take the
prisoner away from the officer, but many
of the cooler heads begged the infuriated
and unruly element to wait and not do
anything that would lead to the shedding
of' blood. Several ran for a rope, but
when they returned Fletcher had his
charge in the upper story of tne wrecked
building- where he had lived with his wife
and child. George Pearas and Patrick
Wright were armed and Placed on guard,
closely watching the prisoner to prevent
his committing suicide. His little boy
was taken away and placed in the care
of Mrs. Wasser and Mrs. Barnum.
While the crowd was still surging about
and murmuring sullenly there came a suc
cession of piercing screams from the di
rection of the wharves. John and Michael
Clancey and Engineer James Donohoe
were the first to reach the spot. Mrs.
Young had jumped into the bay on hear
ing of the arrest of her husband, but
when Fireman Clancey lowered a long
handled fire-scraper she repented of the
deed and took hold of the end. Boatman
Charles Trulson jumped into a skiff and
soon rescued the woman from the water.
She then lost consciousness and was taken
to the Sonoma House and placed under
the care of several ladies, but did not re
gain her senses for nearly two hours. Her
first thought was for her child, -which
was brought to her.
Few of the citizens went to bed during
the night and yesterday morning the talk
of lynching was renewed. Deputy Fletch
er wanted Captain Charles McNeill to
take the prisoner to Sausallto, as well as
the clerk, Edward Butler, who had been
arrested and forced to pass the night
in the calaboose. Attorney James w.
Cochrane arrived at this juncture and de
murred to such a proceeding. He wished
to speak with Young and was told he
could not. Cochrane retorted that Young
had only been arrested on suspicion and
not on a warrant and that he would see
him. He forced his way into the room
and after talking with his client managed
to get him to the Sonoma House to confer
with his wife. Fletcher followed and tried
to prevent them from entering the room
where Mrs. Young lay in bed. Failing, he
rushed in after them and seized Young.
They both had a rough and tumble fight
on the floor. When they arose Cochrane,
assisted by the arrested man, caught hold
of the officer and threw him bodily from
the room. They were then permitted to
consult with one another unmolested.
Constable Lewis Hughes arrived on the
11:10 o'clock train from San Rafael and
took the two prisoners to the county seat.
A long conference was held in the Dis
trict Attorney's office at the conclusion of
which Butler was released, but Young
was guarded by Hughes while Martinelll
and his regular corps of satellites re
turned to Tiburon to search for evidence.
Returning Hughes swore to a complaint
charging Young with arson. He was tak
en before Justice Rodden and his bail
was fixed at $2000. It was furnished by
Attorney M. F. Cochrane and John Pol
thenius, a butcher doing business at 1761
Stockton street. Young was permitted to
go free, but on the advice of Cochrane
stayed in San Rafael and sent for his
wife and child. The citizens freely assert
that he will be mobbed if he sets foot in
the town.
Under the advice of his attorney the
prisoner refuses to speak about the af
fair. The lawyer says his client tells him
he is ignorant as to who did the deed.
Young Butler simply says it was "raw
work." He closed up the store and left
it at 8 o'clock, an hour earlier than usual,
being accompanied by the proprietor.
Saloon-keeper Hansen says Young came
into his place an hour before the fire was
discovered and played cards until the
alarm was given. The officials believe
there was an accomplice. Thomas
Mitchell, the partner, who ran the So
noma House for Young, and was his
partner in the grocery and saloon busi
ness, went to Fresno last Tuesday to file
certain attachments, and is dally expected
to return.
There are several things that look bad
for Young. The store was closed earlier
than usual; he was preparing to leave
town, and had a deal on hand to sell out
to B. I. Landon of San Rafael. It went
through to-day. The hotel fixtures were
insured for $1700, and yet they brought
hardly more than one-third that amount
at the sale. The fixtures and stock of the.
stora and saloon were insured for $1000.
Young is a Swede, and came from South
Africa about four years ago. He is re
puted to be worth between $20,000 and $30,
000. His wife is of the same nationality.
She conducted a bakery at Johannesburg.
She will say nothing except that she will
kill herself as soon as she gets a chance.
Many believe her to know all about the
affair.
The excitement had not abated last
night, and it will not be safe for Young
to return to Tiburon.
We have Just received about 200 16x20
colored photo-panels, mounted on glass,
with large projecting corners. Coming in
so late, we will have to cut the regular
price of $10 50 each to $7 50 each in order
to close them out before Christmas. First
come, first served. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
THE DISGRACED POLICEMAN.
Preliminary Examination of BlacL
man and Saloon-Keeper Rood.
When the case of Policeman Casslus
Blackman and Frank H. Rood, saloon
keeper on Valencia street, charged with
grand larceny, was called in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday the Judge refused
to transfer the case, as he denied having
any bias or prejudice against the defend
ants.
The preliminary examination of the de
fendants was then commenced. Cornelius
Cronin, the complaining witness, testified
to being taken by Blackman to Rood's sa
loon, where he was compelled to give up
his money, $255; to being afterward taken
Principals In the Exciting Affair
at Tiburon.
to the Valencia Hotel and back again to
Rood's saloon, where he was handed $75,
which he took under protest. The old
man's cross-examination lasted for over
two hours, but his evidence was not
shaken in any of the material facts.
John Halm, a saloon-keeper at 903 Kear
ny street, who lives on San Carlos ave
nue, testified to being in Rood's saloon
when he saw Cronin hand over his money
and heard them say that the amount was
$255. In cross-examination Halm said he
had a few drinks that night, and being
pressed admitted that he had taken twen
ty drinks, but added that he was even
then only half full. His cross-examina
tion was not concluded when the court
adjourned. The hearing will be resumed
this aftern<*nn.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Euah and Larkln Ets. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub '.nths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Struck by an Electric Car.
Miss Eunice Coady, residing at 3317
Army street, a sister of the well-known
Jockey, while driving along Army street
yesterday afternoon was struck by car
3280 of the Mission street electric car line
and thrown to the ground. Mayor Phe
lan was in the neighborhood at the time
and he placed the young lady in his buggy
and drove her to St. Luke's Hospital,
where it was subsequently discovered that
her left arm was fractured.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Horsemen Banquet.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion held Its annual banquet at the Cali
fornia Hotel last evening. A number of
the lovers of fast trotting animals were
present and enjoyed the repast. Colonel
J. C. Klrkpatrick, the president of the
association, presided with his customary
grace and good spirit. Several of those
present made appropriate speeches.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
MONEY TO
PAY ALL THE
WAR BILLS
Governor Budd Will
Disburse $40,000.
THE CASH IS ON HAND
FORTY-THREE THOUSAND TO BE
PAID INTO TREASURY.
Attorney General Fitzgerald Advises
the Executive as to the Method
of Settling the Ac
counts.
On account of money disbursed, supplies
distributed and obligations incurred in
the transportation of troops in the earlier
stages of the late wax the State of Cali
fornia presented a claim against the Uni
ted States for the Bum of $160,000. On
ordnance account the Federal Govern
ment was credited with $60,000. The Gov
ernment made a cash payment by check I
on the United States Treasury for the
sum of $83,311 05. The check was brought
here from Washington by Adjutant-Gen
eral Barrett. A claim for $18,000 still re
mains to be adjusted.
To liquidate obligations Incurred on be
half of the United States by the Gov
ernor of California the sum of $40,000 will
be disbursed to-day. The accounts to
be settled embrace money advanced to
the Governor, quartermaster, commissary
and medical supplies furnished and bills
for charges for the transportation of
troops. The question was submitted to
Attorney General Fitzgerald whether the
United States check for $83,311 03 should
be paid into the treasury of the State
and payment made therefrom to the par
ties presenting claims against the State,
or should the Governor disburse the
money to pay bills contracted and submit
the receipts as his vouchers.
The Attorney General ruled that the
supplies purchased by the Governor
for the use of the United States should
be paid for directly from the allowance
made by the Federal Government. After
the disbursement of $40,000 to pay for ma
terials and subsistence ordered directly
by the Governor there will remain $43,000,
which Governor Budd* will to-day pay
into the State treasury. This sum of $43,
000 will reimburse the State for materials
and medical supplies which belonged to
the State of California, and which were
furnished to the troops called into the
service of the United States.
California's claim was the first allowed
by the United States. The early and fa
vorable action thereon was due to the
fact that vouchers were correctly sub
mitted and straight accounts rendered
of all financial transactions on which
claims against the United States were
reimbursed for all moneys paid out and
supplies furnished for the General Gov
ernment.
HIGHFLOWN THOUGHTS
IN GARBLED ENGLISH
TRUSTEE BRICK AT OTJTS WITH
HIS COLLEAGUES.
Clerk Refuses to Record a Testi
monial Because of Its
Errors.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 21.— The City Clerk of
Alameda*has refused to record on his
minutes a document presented at a board
meeting by City Trustee Brick, because
it is not constructed according to the
rules of the English language. Trustee
Brick has refused to revise the docu
ment, and the records of the city fathers
stand incomplete.
Since Mr. Brick became a member of
the municipal board he has made for him
self a reputation as a man who delighted
to differ from his colleagues, and one
who was generally hunting trouble in his
official position. In this case trouble has
been thrust upon him. He had received a
letter from the City Clerk refusing to
spread on the minutes of the City Trus
tees his testimonial to Marshal Rogers,
for the reason that the document of
scarcely more than one hundred words
strayed away from the rules of the Eng
lish language in nearly thirty instances.
Following is a verbatim copy of the
document:
To the Honorable Board of Trustees of the
City of Alameda
Gentlemen: We the undersigned Members
of the Police Committee wish to Express our
Appreciation of the Valuable Services of our
retiring Marshall Oscar Rogers to Whose Cour
tesy and Executive ability In the discharge of
his duties has Won him the confidence of the
General Public as seen by his Election to the
High Office of Sheriff of this County
our relations with him has been Satisfactory
& pleasant, and without friction of any kind,
the Collection of thousands of Dollors Annu
aly by this office without any loss to the City
Speaks Well of his administration, an Envia
ble record
With the best Wishes and Success In his
new Career
We remain your Well Wishers
• John G. Brick and W. F. Sehulte
Mr. Brick was formerly a member of
the Board of Free Library Trustees, a
position he held for twelve years. He
selected all of the classical works now
on the shelves of the library. When the
reporters went to copy the unique docu
ment in question they pointed out the er-
I rors to the Clerk. He was at a loss as
to how to instruct the minute clerk to
transcribe Mr. Brick's effusion, and
THE
or records of the
Gram-o-phone
are made of hard, dur-
able composition, being indestructible
— never breaking or chipphig; with-
standing all ordinary usage. They arc
not gelatine or wax but are permanent
records.
The Gram-o-phone costs $37.50; rwq records
free. Additional records 60c; $7 a dozen
Constantly on exhibition at
SHERMAN, CLAY & COS
Piano and Music House
Kearny and Sutter Sts. San Francisco
Send for printed matter about the
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ' |
A j TKII repair and Xmas rush is — come
tO = daY iM^JT, a early-extra help all
lv va j 1 Friday and Saturday. over the store. ,
great mark=down
sale in millinery. I
all of our swell hats cut 33 3 per cent, §
and many of them the prices reduced i
to just one-half: |
C9C C9ft TTPlvpf" Titjfc H
* - that's why I si
937 to 947 Market Street. I
Frisco's greatest mail-order house. li
sought the City Attorney for legal ad
vice. Mr. Taylor told him that he had no
authority to change a letter or a punctu
ation mark in any document filed with
him for the purpose of being spread on
the city's records to go down in history.
The Clerk thereupon addressed a com
munication to Mr. Brick advising him of
the condition of affairs and requesting
him to make the necessary corrections in
the document before it would be spread
(in the minutes. Mr. Brick has treated
the letter with silent contempt, and the
testimonial to Sheriff-elect Rogers has
i not yet been entered on the public records
i of the city.
At the last meeting of the City Trustees
Mr. Brick assailed the newspapers for
publishing the proceedings of a secret
: meeting of the ..board, when he claimed
' the exclusive privilege of naming the sue-
I cessor of City Marshal Rogers, who re
• signed to assume the duties of Sheriff.
! In the course of his remarks Mr. Brick
said: "Of course the reports were garbled
and made up of a tissue of lies, but I as
sure you I would not have said a word of
it if I had thought it was going to be
printed."
BAY CITY MARKET.
One of the Most Popular Institutions
of Its Kind in the City.
Among the principal markets of San
Francisco none holds a higher place in
public estimation than the Bay City-
Market, conducted by Mrs. Emilie
Strouse at 1138-1146 Market street. The
market was established years ago by
Mark Strouse, who brought it to a high
plane of excellence. Since his death
over three months ago the institution
has been capably managed by Mrs.
Strouse, as administratrix of her hus
band's estate.
The market is noted for its credita
ble displays of choice meats, fruits,
vegetables, etc., especially in the holi
day seasons. It numbers among its
patrons all the best known families in
the city, and its business is very ex
tensive. Mrs. Strouse's policy is one
that commends itself to every one and
the result is that the Bay City Market
ranks amone the foremost markets of
San Francisco.
MESSRS. CAMPAGNO & CO.
There are few poultry and game deal
ers of San Francisco better known thai*
the firm of Campagno & Co., which oc
cupies stalls 19 and 20 in the Bay City
Market. The firm enjoys an extensive
business and deals wholesale and re
tail in the best game the market af
fords. The members of the firm are
courteous to patrons and by the ex
cellence of their wares and their uni
form affability have succeeded in win
ning public rearard.
LAMB'S FISH AND OYSTER STALL.
The leading dealer in fine fish and
oysters in the Bay City Market Is J.
E. Lamb. His numerSus patrons and
all visitors assert that his is the finest
and best conducted establishment on
the Pacific Coast. His constantly re
plenished stock includes crabs, terrapin
clams, shrimps, lobsters, frogs fish!
etc. Goods are delivered free to all
parts of the city. A competent corps
of employes insures courteous treat
ment to every patron.
MESSRS. DWYER & CO.
The firm of Dwyer & Co., dealers In
poultry and wild game, located in stall
24 of the Bay City Market, is one of
the best known in the city and was
established ten years ago. The firm
enjoys a large patronage and makes a
specialty of supplying hotels, restau
rants, boarding houses, shipping and
families at the lowest current rates.
Its facilities are of the best and a spe
cialty Is made of Kosher poultry.
CHARLES STILLMAN'S STALL.
The best dairy and farm produce in
the city are to be found at the stall of
Charles Stillman, in the Bay City Mar
ket. His specialty is creamery butter,
fine cheese and choice ege;s. AH his
products may safely be recommended.
BAYLE, LA COSTE & CO.
Visitors to the Bay City Market who
desire the best in the line of tripe,
calves' heads and feet, brains, tongues,
etc., should patronize the firm of Bayle,
La Coste & Co. The supplies of the
firm are ever fresh and appetizing.
Bead the first Christmas spent in
Death Valley, by a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in next Sunday's
Call.
Arrested For Burglary.
Thomas Fenton and Frank K. Ryan
were arrested early yesterday morning by
Policemen Fennell and Douglass on a
charge of burglary. With the aid of a
jimmy they forced open a case In the
photograph studio of Uchlyama, a Jap
nese, at 141 Powell street, and stole a num
ber of photographs.
Christmas Delicacies !
I Everything that will make the Christmas
dinner taste better — all the little things
that are appreciated more at Christmas
time than at any other. We have been
particularly careful in choosing our holi-
day dainties, and at our stores you may
be assured of getting the best there is —
at the cheapest prices in San Francisco.
SPECIAL SALE!
TABLE RAISINS, Ib .....121c
5-crown clusters.
Regular price, 200.
FRENCH MIXED CANDY, Mb b0x... 30c
Choicest assortment.
Regular price, 35c.
SWEET WINES, 35c b0t... 3 for $1.00
Port, Sherry, Angelica,
Muscatel and Tokay, -
old, good and pure.
Regular price, 50c a bottle.
MIXED NUTS, 1b:... I2JC
5 — latest crop.
OK WHISKY, 75c bot — 3 for $2.00
■■SftnSrSiSt^ gallon $3.00
Regular price, $1 00 and $4 00.
MINCE MEAT, quart jar — 40c
■ Home made from -V'W
best material. j J 
Regular price, 60c. _ MM Hit. . ..
GERMAN SPECIALTIES: .
'' Braunschwelger Lebkuchen, Pressburger-
Lebkuchen, Baseler Mandel and Leckerle,
Nurenberger, Honigkuchen. Thorner Honlg
and Mandelkuchen, Anise Biscuits, etc. .
PERFUMERY:
Just received— a direct
shipment of the . . ■
celebrated perfumeries
of Violet, Paris, the finest
in the world— different odors.
CIGARS:
Havana and Key "West
Cigars, put up attractively \ .
for Xmas gifts.
k
A Grand Display of Tree Decoration*! '"
and Bonbons.
....OPEN EVEI»JI»OS.«.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone If tin 5522. Telephone West 152.
CASH OR. LITTLE- AT- A-TIME. S
j FURNITURE, |
n
DESKS. \
Many to choose from. Have them in 1
Quarter-sawed Oak, Golden Oak and j
Mahogany. Prices to suit every- 1
body.
Then here is a list of furniture v that I
is right— built to stay— gift things |
you'll never be ashamed of. Sideboards, ,. pj
Dressers, Bookcases, Dressing Tables, Eg
Tabourettes, Divans, Couches, Musio la
Cabinets, Wardrobes. Chairs, Rockers Hr,H r, j
and lots of other thing?. Why not visit H -m
us if only to : look? We" 11 save ; you j§ "^
money when you buy. • ||
THE J.WOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY, Inc. .. I
1017 to 1023 MISSION ST. H
• Above Sixth. ' ■
I 'Phone South 14. Open Evening!. g ,