VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 48.
STARS AND STRIPES ARE
FLYING OVER SANTIAGO
THRILLING
SPECTACLE
ON SUNDAY
Salutes F ire d, Band Plays
and Thousands Cheer
Old Glory.
Surrendered Spaniards March
Out of the City and Turn Over
Their Arms to Shafter.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 17.— The American flag
) is floating in triumph over the Governor's palace at Santiago \
> de Cuba. General McKibben has been appointed tempor- *
* ary Military Governor. !
The ceremony of hoisting the stars and stripes was worth \
> all the blood and treasure it cost. A vast concourse of 10,000 1
* people witnessed the stirring and thrilling scene that will live
> forever in the minds of all the Americans present. ,
A finer stage setting for a dramatic episode it would be
difficult to imagine. The palace, a picturesque old dwelling in
the Moorish style of architecture, faces the Plaza de la Reina,
the principal public square. Opposite rises the imposing Cath
olic cathedral. On one side is ,1 quaint, brilliantly painted build
ing with broad verandas — the club of San Carlos on the other,
a building of the same description as the Cafe de la Venus.
Across the plaza was drawn up the Ninth Infantry, headed by
the Sixth Cavalry band. In the street facing the palace stood a
picked troop of the Second Cavalry, with drawn sabers, under
command of Captain Brett.
Massed on the stone flagging between the band and the line
The Picture Represents the Town of Agana, on the Island of Guam, Wtycb Was Visited by t^e Charleston on Her Voy
age to Manila. After Firing Several Shells at tt)e Dilapidated Batteries Captain Glass Sent Lieutenant Brauners
reutrjer Ashore, Wfoo Raised tl)e Stars and Stripes and TooK Possession of the Island. The Governor and His
Garrison Were Transferred to tl)e Charleston and TaK«O On to Manila as Prisoners of War. Tfoe Governor's
Palace Is Shown to tr;e Right of tfoe Middle Background.
The San Francisco Call
of horsemen were the brigade commanders of General Shafter's
division, with their staffs.
On the red tiled roof of the palace stood Captain McKit
trick, Lieutenant Miley and Lieutenant Wheeler; above them,
on the flagstaff, the illuminated Spanish arms and the legend,
"Viva Alfonso XIII." All about, pressing against the veranda
rails, crowding the windows and doors and lining the roofs, were
the people of the town, principally women and non-combatants.
As the chimes of the old cathedral rang the hour of 12 the
infantry and cavalry presented arms. Every American uncovered,
and Captain McKittrick hoisted the stars and stripes.
As the brilliant folds unfurled in a gentle breeze against a
fleckless sky the cavalry band broke into the strains of the "Star
spangled Banner," making the American pulse leap and the
American heart thrill with joy.
At the same instant the sound of the distant booming of
Captain Capron's battery, firing a salute of twenty-one guns,
drifted in. When the music ceased from all directions around
our line came floating across the plaza the strains of the regiment
bands and the muffled hoarse cheers of our troops.
The infantry came to "order arms" a moment later, after
the flag was up, and the band played "Rally Ronnd the Flag,
Boys."
Instantly General McKibben called for three cheers for Gen
eral Shafter, which were given with great enthusiasm, the band
playing "The Stars and Stripes Forever."
The ceremony over, General Shafter and his staff returned
to the American lines, leaving the city in the possession of the
municipal authorities, subject to the control of General Mc-
Kibben.
The Thirteenth- and Ninth Regiments of Infantry will re
main in the city to enforce orders and exercise municipal author
ity. The Spanish forces are to encamp outside of our lines.
SPANIARDS PARADE
AND THEN SURRENDER
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrlßhted, iß&g, by James Oor
don Bennett.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
BEFORE SANTIAGO, July 17. —By
Oa!l-H*-Ud Dispatch Boat t<> Playa dpi
Este. — As I -write this dispatch the
Stars and Stripes are waving over
Morro Castle, and Santiago is an Amer
ican possession. The Spanish flag that
has floated over the historic old defense
at the entrance of Santiago harbor was
hauled down at noon in accordance
with the terms under which General
Toral surrendered, and the United
States emblem was hoisted in its place.
Equally inspiring scenes were being
CAPTURE OF THE LADRONES.
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
witnessed by the Americans before the
city two hours earlier. At 11 o'clock
this morning, Toral's troopß marching
out of the city as the bells of the San
tiago Cathedral were tolling, appeared
before the American lines and stacked
their arms. Some Spaniards wept; oth
ers seemed glad the end of the Santiago
campaign had come. Under the terms
f f he aurren< r the entin? Spanish
garrison paraded on the plateau before
formally depositing their arms, being
reviewed by Shatter and other leading
commanders of the American forces.
Our entire army was drawn up along
the entrenchments, and after the pa
rade of the Spaniards had been finished
the garrison re-entered the city, where
they retired to their barracks to await
embarkation for Spain.
" General Shafter's troops are anxious
EITHER PEACE
OR PROLONGED
WARFARE
NEW YORK, July 17. — A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: Neither formally nor
informally, directly nor indi
rectly, has Washington been ap
proached by the Spanish Cabi
net upon the subject of peace,
but the authorities are basing
strong hopes for early peace
upon the logic of recent events.
If some direct proposition for
peace does not come this week,
the authorities expect the war
will be prolonged indefinitely;
that Porto Rico will have to be
forcibly taken; that the Eastern
squadron will have to carry out
the programme of going to
Spain's own shores to crush Ca
mara's fleet, and that Havana
will have to be bombarded from
land and sea and occupied by
American troops before the end
of the war comes. Hence the
present week is regarded here
as a crucial one, and all hands
are awaiting developments with
the keenest Interest.
to get away from Santiago, now that
the objects of the campaign have been
accomplished. Most of them will be
moved toward the coast and sent
aboard transports as soon as possible.
While th e American troops were wit
nessing the parade of the Spanish sol
diers and stacking of their arms, a de
tachment of Spaniards was busily en
gaged In removing the mines from the
entrance to Santiago harbor. This work,
It was expected, would be well out of
the way by nightfall, so that the Red
Cross ship State of Texas could enter
the harbor to-night or early in the
morning.
There is much uneasiness among Cu
bans lest General Shatter should leave
Santiago in charge of the present mu
nicipal authorities. In that event, they
declare they would be marked men.
The general conditions at El Caney
are more unsatisfactory than ever.
Thousands of refugees are on the verge
of starving. The fever there hae been
checked, and guards permit only Im
mediate attendants to leave or enter
the town. Mail is necessarily delayei
at Siboney while letters can be disin
fected.
Nearly 300 cases of fever are now be
ing treated in the American hospital
here. The fever Is constantly develop
STORY OF THE DAY
TOLD BY SHIFTER
Reports It Would \\avz Cost p^e
Thousand Met) to \-\asie
Stormed Santiago.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— The War Department posted the fol
lowing bulletin at 5:15 p. m. :
"SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 17.— T0 Adjutant General United
States Army, Washington, D. C. : I have the honor to announce that
the American flag has been this instant (12 o'clock noon) hoisted over
the house of Civil Government in the city of Santiago. An immense
concourse of people present. A squadron of cavalry and a regiment
of infantry presenting arms and band playing national air. Light
battery field salute twenty-one guns. Perfect order is being main
tained by the municipal government. Distress very great, but little
sickness in the city, scarcely any fever. A small gunboat and about 200
seamen left by Cervera have surrendered to me. Obstructions are
being removed from mouth of the harbor. Upon coming into the city
I discovered a perfect entanglement of defenses. Fighting as the
Spanish did the first day it would have cost 5000 lives to have taken
the city. Battalions of Spanisn troops have been depositing arms since
daylight in armory over which I have guard. General Toral for
mally surrendered the plaza and all stores at 9 a. m.
"SHAFTER. Major General."
At 11:05 o'clock to-night Adjutant General Corbin made public
the following dispatch from General Shafter:
"HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES ARMY, SANTIAGO, July
17. — To the Adjutant General, Washington, D. C. My ordnance officers
reported about 7000 rifles turned in to-day and six hundred thousand
cartridges. At the mouth of the harbor there are quite a number of fine
modern guns about 6-inch; also two batteries of mountain guns, to
gether with a saluting battery of fifteen old bronze guns. Disarming
and turning in will go on to-morrow. List of prisoners not yet taken.
" SHAFTER, Major General, Commanding."
ing, and many sufferers now in the de
tention hospitals will be Bent here in a
few days. The fever has not yet as
sumed its virulent form, and the doc
tors are making strenuous efforts to
keep it Ir. check. Th. re have been
twelve deaths thus far at Siboney, a
majority of the victims being regulars.
General Shafter detailed the now fa
mous Twenty-fourth regulars, com
prised of colored troops, to keep the
refugees at the Siboney base of sup
plies. Major Lagarde, surgeon in
charge, reports that the outbreak of
fever in our lines is due to contact with
refugees from Santiago.
MORRO CASTLE'S
FLAG IS LOWERED
PLATA DEL, ESTE, July 17.— At 7
o'clock, the hour of the formal sur
render of the 10,000 troops at Santiago
and the 10,000 otherß in the district of
Eastern Cuba, the Spanish flag was
lowered from Morro Castle. Steam
launches from the New Tork, Brooklyn
and Vixen entered the harbor this
morning and examined the batteries,
the wrecks of the Merrimac and the
sunken Spanish cruiser, Reina Merce
des, and the torpedo firing station.
They discovered six Spanish merchant
•teamers and one small gunboat in the
harbor and a prize crew was placed
upon the latter.
This afternoon the torpedoes were
taken up or exploded, after which the
Red Cross steamer State of Texas en
tered to give attendance to the sick and
wounded in the city. The warships
may not enter the harbor for several
days, probably not until after the ar
rangements have been completed for
transporting the Spanish prisoners to
Spain. Nearly all the American men
of-war are now in Guantanamo Bay.
MANY QUESTIONS
MUST NOW BE MET
WASHINGTON. July 17.— Coincident
with the occupation of Santiago there
are a vast variety of questions which
are being considered by the President
and his Cabinet respecting the future
political conditions which are to obtain
there. There will have to be settled
whether the government of Santiago
Province shall be a military or a civil
one, with military powers vested in the
executive officer, or other form of ad
ministration. Unlike the Philippines,
which, although nominally in our pos-
Bession, are not formally so, all ques
tions of Jurisdiction over, and adminis
tration of the territory of Santiago
must be met immediately. Santiago is
a city of about 40,000 people, and in ad
dition there are a large number of peo
ple in the captured territory whose In
terests will have to be looked after. The
commercial side of the matter also
must be attended to promptly. San
tiago being ours, the preseumptlon fol
lows that the blockade maintained by
this Government will be declared not to
exist and the place made an open port
— the Government maintaining a strict
surveillance to keep supplies from get
ting beyond Santiago and being fur
nished to the Spaniards.
GOVERNOR M'KIBBiN'S
MILITARY RECORD
WASHINGTON. July 17. — General
Chambers McKibbin, who has been ap
pointed temporary military governor of
Santiago, is a member of an old and
well-known Pennsylvania family. He
was born In Chambersburg, not far
from the famous Gettysburg battle
field. Early In the civil war 'he en
listed as a private in the regular army
and almost immediately afterward waa
appointed a second lieutenant in the
Fourteenth Infantry. His next promo
tion was given him on the 10th of June,
1864, when he was made first lieutenant.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I On August 7 of the same year he waa
' given a brevet commission for captain
j for gallant services in the battle of
North Anna River, Virginia, and dur
ing the operations on the Weldon Kail,
road.
At the conclusion of the war MeKlb
bin chose to remain in the 'army, and
on the sth of January, 1887, he was pro
moted to be a captain in the Thirty
fifth Infantry, and on May 1, 1596,
lieutenant colonel of the Twenty-first
Infantry. He was lieutenant colonel of
the Twenty-first when he went to Cuba.
During the battle of Santiago his ser
vices were of- so distinguished a char
acter as to win for him special mention
in General Shafter's official reports. He
was among the officers recommended
for promotion and was last week
named by the President as a brigadier
general of volunteers. That the Ad-
ministration and Generals Miles and
Shafter repose great confidence in him
is indicated by his appointment as tem
porary military governor of the city.
Captain William McKittrick, who had
the honor to raise the Stars and
Stripes over the palace at Santiago, i 3
an aide-dc camn on the staff of Gen
| eral Shafter. On the 12th of May he
was appointed by the President to be
: an assistant adjutant general with the
rank of captain, and was assigned soon
afterward to the Fifth Army corps, now
under General Shafter's command In
Cuba. He is a resident of California.
CUBANS WHO DO NOT
WANT INDEPENDENCE
Specla! cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 17.— Volunteers in Hn
vana and leading representatives of the
island of Cuba have telegraphed General
Weyler Eaying that they do not want in
dependence, but would ' much prefer an
American protectorate, failing in which
they will continue fighting.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
kJ [pi'MP 1 ! appeals to th <
fcer love and affection. A man has no right
to sacrifice his life in the mad race for mor ey,
by neglecting his bodily health. A maa
owes it to himself and to his wife and chil-
dren to live a long and helpful life. If a
man would live he must keep health.
Health ia a matter of a little patch here
and there. Look after the little aiiment9
and the big ailments will take care of them-
selves. They will never come. Dr. Pierce'
Golden Medical Discovery keeps the body
in perfect health. It promptly eradicate!
the little ailment 3 that bring senous illness.
If the serious malady has already arrived it
promptly cures it by removing the cause.
It corrects all disorders of the digestion,
invigorates the liver and makes the appe-
tite keen and hearty. It makes the assimi-
lation of food perfect and supplies the blood
with the life-giving elements that build new
and healthy tissue and firm muscles. It
tones and builds up the nerves. It drives
impurities and disease - germs from every
organ of the body. It cures all diseases due
to overwork and worry and faulty nutrit-
tion. It is an unfailing Temedy for weak
lungs, spitting of blood, shortness of breath,
6evere cough, bronchitis, asthma and kin-
dred affections. It cures 98 per cent of all
cases of consumption.
Mr. Isaac B. Downs, of Spring Valley. Rock-
land Co., N. V., writes: " For three years I had suf-
fered from that terrible disease, consumption, and
heart-disease. Before taking Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery I had wasted nway to a skele-
ton; could not sleep nor rest, and many times
wished to die to be out of my misery. Btep by step,
the signs and realities of returning health slowly
but surely developed themselves while taking the
' Discovery.' Today I tip the scales at 187, and am
well and strong. The 'Golden Medical Discovery'
has also cured my daughter of a very bad uioci
located on the thigh."2
REINDEER ARE
DRIVEN INTO
POINT BARROW
Whalers in the Icy Prison
Now Beyond Reach
of Want.
Overland Relief Expedition Under
Lieutenant Jarvis Reaches
Its Destination.
BY LIEUT. J. G. BERRY, U.S. R.C.S.
UNITED STATES RELIEF STEAM
ER BEAR, at Cape Prince of Wales,
Bering Straits, Alaska, June 23.— The
Bear dropped anchor off the village
here this afternoofl and Captain Tuttle
and I went ashore to see the man who
succeeded In driving 400 reindeer from
here to Point Barrow, s;>o miles, and re
turning to Cape Prince of Wales. 1100
miles in all. His name is W. T. Lopp.
He is the teacher of the public school
here, and, like all of the school teachers
In tMs region, he is also a missionary.
But that should not be laid up against
him, because he is really a friend of the
natives and believes in helping them to
improve their condition in this world.
With him the desire to aid humanity Is
superior to the trading Instinct. Mr.
Lopp is a handsome man of medium
height,' squarely built, has brown hair
and a mustache. He gives the impres
sion of givat strength and endurance.
His expression of features is that of a
mild, patient, yet determined man. Two
years ago, in the dead of winter, Mr.
Lopp and his wife went to call on their
next door neighbor, Mr. Driggs, at
Point Hope, 270 miles away. They
Btayed there a week and then drove
their reindeer team back, having cov
ered a distance of at least E>4o miles.
Probably half of the herd here be
longs to the natives, they having ac
quired deer for their services as herd
ers. A few miles from here an Eskimo
gentleman named Artisarlook (people
call him Charley) owned a herd of
about 100 deer. When Jarvis came
along, Charley cheerfully gave his deer
to the Government, and he and Dr. Call
drove them to Cape Prince of Wales to
Join the others. Jarvis, meanwhile, had
pushed on and collected the Prince of
Wales herd. The natives here were Just
as nice about it, and Mr. Lopp not only
turned over the deer in his charge, but,
at great self-sacrifice, left his wife and
three children among the natives here,
with no wßlte person near them, and
started for Point Barrow.
Jarvis and Call started ahead on dog
sleds following the coast. On the next
day Lopp left his reindeer station, a
few miles back of this place, and set
out with over 400 deer and seven herd
er?. He took no dog teams because the
deer are apt to be stampeded by dogs.
The herders are to receive $30 a
month for their services. None of them
know what a dollar is and are likely to
trade a dollar for a string of beads
worth a nickel. If the Government pays
them in rifles or flour, and the United
Stales always gives good measure,
their respect for the dollar will be enor
mous.
All but four of the herders were sent
back from somewhere near Point Hope.
From there Mr. Lopp and four natives
drove 400 reindeer all the way to
Point Barrow. This is fact, and not a
cowboy story. Arrived at Point Bar
row, Charley and one other herder were
left to take care of the whole herd.
The expedition has been perfectly
successful. But in sending out the na
tives to shoot wild reindeer, of which
they brought in over 700, Charles
Brower. agent of the Liebes Trading
Company, did more for the whalers
stranded there than this whole expedi
tion would have accomplished had they
received no other aid. Yet in the
States it was not known what resources
were at hand there. The fact that,
owing to Mr. Brower, there has been
no real net**! of outside assistance
should not detract in the slightest de
gree from the credit that belongs to
the members of the Arctic relief expe
dition. Lieutenant Jarvis, Lieutenant
Bertholf, Dr. Call and Mr. Lopp, to say
nothing of Charley and the other herd
ers, went through great hardships and
did wonderfully good work. The rest
of us had a very lonesome winter away
from civilization and showed our good
Intentions, although we could do noth-
ing more.
When Jarvis reached Point Barrow
he found everything in good condition,
thanks to the energy and good judg
ment of Mr. Brnwer. There was no
suffering from hunger, nor had there
been any. Mr. Lopp says he fattened
up on the rations that the suffering
whalers gave him while he was there.
Jarvis did find, however, that the
men were too closely packed into two
houses, while the officers were living
in comparative luxury. So he took
charge of affairs and made the officers
take their share of the men into thoir
house. His action may have prevented
considerable sickness.
He reports that two men have been
lost. The cook of the Rosario, name
not known to me, was frozen to death,
and a man named Kelley of the Orca
fell into the stern holo of the Belvidere
and was drowned. The stern hole is a
ck-ar place which the crew keep around
the stern of a vessel frozen in the ice
co that the ruddor and screw can be
■worked in case of necessity. There
have been two cases of scurvy, now
nearly cured. The names of the vic
tims have not been sent down.
Briefly told, the story of the over
land exppdition is this: Lieutenant Jar
vis and Dr. Call left Tununak and went
Straight to St. Michael, thence to
T"n;ilaklik, thence to" Golovine Bay.
There they met Dr. Kittleson. assistant
superintendent of the United States
Reindeer Station, and now in charge of
the station. He was on his way from
Port Clarence to Unalaklik with the
Government hrrd of reindeer, but turn
ed back with Jarvis and piloted him
over the moutains to Point Rodney.
TKen he returned to his herjd.
At Point Rodney Dr. Call was left to
come along with Charley and his rein
deer, while Jarvis lost no time in
reaching Lopp.
Mr. Lopp's house was buried in the
Fnow and the door was reached
through a long tunnel. Mrs. Lopp met
him at the door and promptly told her
husband that there wa? a native there
who spoke English. They let him In
and Lopp said, "Who are -ou?" Jarvis
told him to guess. He guessed
"Driggs" from Point Hope. Jarvis
told him to guess again. Finally he
suggested that Lopp could find out for
himpelf If he would kindly brush the
snow and Ice off his face. This was
done and Jarvis was disclosed to the
astonished gaze of the Lopp family.
They lost no time In getting ready,
and by the time that Call and Char
ley arrived with the otheri herd, Lopp
was ready to start. But Jarvis and
Call started on February 2, the day be
fore Lopp got underway. They follow
ed the coast line. Arriving at Cape
Espenberg, they thousrht a crossing
was impracticable, so they went on to
the next cape and then crossed to Cape
Blossom. They they met Bertholf,
who had been delayed by bad weather
in which the natives would not travel,
and had arrived there only the day be
fore. They got provisions from him
and Jarvis Instructed him to await the
reindeer herd. Then they pushed on
to Point Hope and from there to Point
Barrow, reaching that point on March
29, having been three months and thir
teen days on the trip from Cape Van
couver, where we landed them on De
cember 16.
Bertholf was delayed a few days at
Tununok waiting for dogs. But he
reached St. Michael the day Jarvis left
there. Orders were left, however, for
him to get together 1700 pounds of pro
visions and to transport them across
country to Cape Blossom, in Kotzebue
Sound. Difficulty was experienced In
getting dogs, and he had to go over
to Golevlne Bay to get some there.
Returning to his base at Norton Bay,
he started across, and, in spite of dis
couraging delays, reached his station
on time. He supplied Jarvis, and after
ward Lopp. Then he went on with
Lopp, and when the latter turned north
he went on to Point Hope, where Jarvis
directed him to remain.
It was a great thing for Lieutenant
Jarvis and Dr. Call to reach the
whalers at Point Barrow, but, had they
been starving, the whalers would not
readily have eaten them, however much
they liked them. For that matter they
had got too thin to be palatable. Now
Bertholf would have been another
proposition. He kept his fat and good
nature throughout.
So the success of the expedition re
lied on Mr. Lopp and his reindeer herd.
Jarvis told him that, knowing little of
the animals, he would push on and
leave the work and the credit entirely
with Lopp. And Mr. Lopp came up to
expectations and went away beyond
them.
At Cape Espenberg, learning that
Jarvis was stalled about thirty miles to
the eastward short of provisions, and,
distrusting the natives there, he char
tered a dog team from the native vil
lage, went down to Jarvis, found him
all right, then returned to Cape Espen
berg. There he thought it impossible
to cross the Ice to Cape Krusenstern, as
it was piled into high hummocks and
ridges, and he thought the deer would
not drive over such roads. The natives
thought it could be done, and it was
done. They had nearly crossed when
the deer stampeded and nearly reached
Cape Espenberg again before the seven
cowboys could turn them. When they
got to the other side Lopp found a sign
board with a letter from Jarvis telling
him that Bertholf was at Cape Blos
som. So down there went Lopp, found
Bertholf and brought him and his pro
visions to the herd.
About the vicinity of the Waleek
River, Lopp turned to the north, while
Bertholf went to Point Hope. He over
took Jarvls and Call at the mouth of
the Pitmagea River and they went on
together as far as the Kukpowrak. It
was found that the dogs and deer did
not go well together, although the deer
were being driven as fast as the dogs
could go. But of course there had to be
more time taken for camping each
night and herding in the deer than
would be necessary to unhitch the dogs
and get supper. Every day Lopp sent
men ahead to prepare the camp, and
he showed excellent generalship
throughout. So, leaving Jarvis at the
Kukpowrak River, he struck Into the
interior, while Jarvis continued along
the coast line as before.
Mr. Lopp reached Point Barrow on
March 30, with 400 reindeer which he
had driven over the icy wastes as fast
as the others could go alone in dog
sleds. His Journal shows that he had
the deer on the run most of the time.
Shortly after picking up Bertholf, thir
ty-four deer stampeded and were lost,
but when the three herders were sent
back, they found them and took them
all into Point Hope. Only twenty-eight
deer were lost by accident and for food
during the whole trip. Nine of them
were lost on the ice pack crossing Kot
zebue Sound.
Jarvis reached Cape Prince of Wales
on January 25. He left on * ebruary 2,
reached Point Hope on February 20 and
Point Barrow March 29. Lopp left Point
Barrow on his return trip on April 5,
and got home to Cape Prince of Wales
in thirty-one days, only twenty of
which were traveling days, for he met
some weather in which he could not
travel, and he would not travel on Sun
day when he was proceeding on his
own account. The lowest temperature
that he experienced was 43 degrees be
low zero. But he told me that was not
half so cold as one day when the ther
mometer was at 40 degrees below zero
and it was blowing a blizzard.
Bertholf reached Point Hope on
March 1. He was in much better con
dition that the others from this ship,
and Lopp says it was simply delightful
to see Bertholf In the midst of a howl
ing blizzard, sitting on a dog sled and
rolling a cigarette. The. deer were left
about thirty miles from Point Barrow,
at a spot where they could get plenty
of moss, their principal food.
Lieutenant Jarvis did not think it ad
j visable to risk the lives of the men in
an attempt to reach Point Hope. He
was able to increase their rations a lit
tle, and with this increase they have
enough provisions to last until August,
when we will probably be able to reach
them.
The whalers are all in rags and It is
doubtful If we can get enough clothing
to cover them when they come on
board. Jarvis writes that clothing and
bedding will be needed for 100 men.
Without doubt these men owe their lfves
to Charles Brower. He has shown him
self equal to any emergency. if we
get any more reports of suffering at
Point Barrow, the country can rest
easily and let Mr. Brower attend to it.
The Bear left Unalaska on June 14^
having stayed there one week longer
than originally intended, because the
people there asked for our protection.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
SONTIAGO STORES
LOOTED BEFORE
THE SURRENDER
Starving SpaQiards SacK the
Business Places ai)d
Residences.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 17.—
Blnce 4 o'clock this morning a stream
of refugees has been pouring into the
city, some naked and all hungry an(f
footsore. Many have fallen by the
wayside.
The town of Santiago presents a dis
mal sight. Most of the houses have
been sacked and the stores have all
been looted and nothing to eat can be
had "for love or money." In the
streets of the city this morning, at the
entrenchments, at the breastworks and
at every hundred feet or so of the
barbed-wire fences were the living
skeletons of Spanish soldiers.
Among the arrivals to-day were the
German, Japanese and Portuguese Con
suls and their families, the British and
French Consuls having arrived day be
fore yesterday.
General Pando was never here, but
3500 men from Man&anillo arrived on
July 3, making the total garrison here
7000.
The contact mines in the harbor were
removed the day Admiral Cervera left,
but two chains of electric mines, one
from Estrella Point and the other from
Socapa, are down yet.
The armament of the shore batteries
of Santiago consists of five brass 6-inch
muzzle-loaders in the Morro fortifica
tions, two 6-lnch Hontorias from, the
cruiser Reina Mercedes and three 21
centimeter mortars, never used, in the
Socapa upper battery; two useless 21
SPAIN MAY SEND
ANOTHER FLEET
ACROSS THE SEA
Proposes to Divide the Remain
ing Squadron Under
Camara.
NEW YORK, July 17.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: Information has
reached the Government that with a
view to protecting her own coast and
embarrassing this country In its oper
ations against Porto Rico, the Spanish
authorities are thinking of dividing
what remains of the Spanish navy and
sending a portion of it to American
waters. This Government, however,
expects to be able to divide Its forces
so as to not only dispatch Commodore
Watson to Spain's coast with a formid
able force, but to retain under Rear
Admiral Sampson's command a fleet
which will protect the blockading
squadron off Porto Rico and Cuba, the
North Atlantic Coast and the troop
ships which will convey the army of in
vasion to Porto Rico. The effect of the
formation of these two squadrons will
be to cause the authorities to retain a
stronger force in Western waters.
It was positively announced by
Secretary Long before the fall of San
tiago that as soon as that city was
occupied Commodore Watson would
sail east. It 1b expected his departure
will occur the atter part of this week,
although the new Spanish plans may
put a new aspect on the matter.
The auxiliary cruiser Yankee, with
ammunition for the battleships Oregon
and Massachusets, left Norfolk this
afternoon for Santiago, where she will
When the tide of travel started toward
St Michael, however, we left.
On the 19t< we reached St. Law
rence Island, at the west end, having
seen no ice whatever. On the forenoon
of that day we tried to reach Indian
Point on the Siberian coast, but turned
back on account of ice. The next day
the same thing happened. Then we
worked through the Ice to St. Lawrence
Bay, Siberia, reaching there on June
22 We met the steam whaler William
Bayles there, all well on board, and
from them learned that Lopp had re
turned from Point Barrow. So we left
there this morning and came over here,
arriving Just after noon.
On his return to Cape Prince of
Wales Mr. Lopp sent the news over
land to St. Micahel. The steam whal
ers Jeanette and Karluk also had
stopped in here and then had gone to
St. Michael.
We are to leave at once for that
point, but the news will have gone
down on the Bertha, In all probability,
before we arrive.
DESPERATION OF THE
MADRID AUTHORITIES
Pleading for Morocco's Neutrality,
Which They Threaten to Enforce
If Necessary.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, July 17.— Senor Emilo O.
Jeda, Spanish Minister at Tangier, who
returned there to-day, states that he has
received instructions from Madrid to use
every effort to force Morocco to declare
Itself neutral. His excellency will to-mor
row call together the representatives of
other powers in order to bring as much
pressure as possible to bear on Mohamed
Torres, Moorish Minster of Foreign Af-
fairs.
It has been resolved to enforce neu
trality if necessary, and if Americans
should try to disembark they would be
massacred by the Spanish population. An
appeal will also be made to the powers
to make a naval demonstration in Moor
ish waters. This proposal is said to be
favorably viewed by the French, Rus
sian ana German Governments.
HOW TORAL'S ARMY IS
TO BE SENT TO SPAIN
Programme So Changed That Bids of
American Ship Owners Will Be
Entertained.
NEW YORK. July 17.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
There have been two charges In the pro
gramme first contemplated for the trans
portation of General Toral's army from
Santiago to Spain. American ship owners
may send in bids, although Colonel Hech
ner told me yesterday that only neutral
centlmeter mortars, two 8-centlmeter
muzzle-loaders and four 8-centimeter
field pieces in the Estrella battery; one
57-millimeter and one 25-millimeter
Nordenfeldt and one 37-mlllimeter
Hotchkiss in the Socapa lower battery,
and two 6-lnch Hontorias, two 9-centi
meter Krupp and two 15-centimeter
mortars at Punta Gorda.
Four Spanish merchant steamers —
the Mortera, the Reina de los Angeles,
the Tomas Brooks and the Mexico — and
the gunboat Alvarado are now in the
harbor.
The market place has been sacked by
the troops.
Twenty-two thousand refugees are
quartered at El Caney, 5000 at Firmexa
and 5000 at Cubltas el Boniato, where
they have been living for a fortnight.
In one case 500 were crowded into one
building, which was a regular pigsty,
with a horrible stench.
The Spanish troops laid down their
arms at 9 o'clock this morning. They
will be camped two miles outside of the
city limits, under guard, until their
embarkation takes place.
The docks are crowded by Incoming
refugees in a starving condition, await
ing the arrival In the harbor of the Red
Cross steamer State of Texas, as there
are no eatables to be bought in the city.
The entrance of the refugees was
quiet and peaceful, they viewing their
wrecked homes philosophically, as the
fortune of war. Admiral Sampson's
last bombardment of Santiago wrecked
fifty-seven houses In the city, causing
heavy damage.
arrive on Tuesday night or Wednes
day. Commodore Watson will send
one of his ships to Hampton Roads to
convoy colliers to rendezvous near the
coast of Spain, 'ihich has been selected.
It is evident that in any event the
fleet cannot posslhlv leave before the
latter part of this week, by which time,
the authorities say, Spain's naval plans
will have developed and they will know
whether she intends to divide her
squadron or keep it Intact for the pro
tection of her coast.
In the latter case, as already stated,
all of the battle-ships under Rear Ad
miral Sampson's command may accom
pany Commodore Watson, but should
there be any danger of a force being
Bent by Spain to the westward it will
be necessary to retain several of them
under Rear Admiral Sampson's com
mand, as It is appreciated by the au
thorities that a- force will have to be
kept at a convenient point to protect
the blockading squadrons off Porto
Rico and Cuba and the North Atlantic
Coast.
Should Spain send a fleet to this side
of the Atlantic it cannot possibly ar
rive under three weeks. By this time
the authorities hope to have the army
of Invasion landed in Porto Rico. Even
should a force come to this side of the
Atlantic no great danger would follow,
for the simple reason that there are
no coaling depots at which it could ob
tain fuel and it would be placed in the
same position as was Admiral Cervera's
fleet.
ships would be considered. Colonel Hech
ner believed then that American vessels
would necessarily require convoys. To
day, however, he said the bids of Ameri
can transportation companies would be
considered with others.
The second changre In the programme is
that the feeding of the prisoners will be
turned over to the transportation com
panies. The problem of transportation of
these prisoners seems somewhat con
fused. Should American vessels go to
Spain with the prisoners the ports of
Spain might, for some trumped-up rea
son, refuse the landing. This also was
discussed at a conference this morning
which Secretary Alger and Colonel Hech
ner attended, but bids from American
ship owners will be considered.
DISCUSSING PLANS FOR
PORTO RICAN CAMPAIGN
Important Conferences at the White
House Between the President and
His Advisers.
NEW YORK, July 17.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Rear Ad
miral Sampson and some of the vessels
under his command will leave Santiago
the latter part of this week for Porto
Rico, as President McKinley and his ad
visers believe no time should be lost in
operating against the Spanish force there.
Rear Admiral Slcard, Captain Crownin
shield and Captain Mahan were at the
White House this morning discussing
naval plans with the President and again
to-night they were closeted with the
Chief Executive, Secretary Long and Sec
retary Alger, perfecting plans for the
Joint action of the navy and army. These
plans will be communicated to Rear Ad
miral Sampson before his departure from
Santiago. Secretary Long, after the con
ference to-night, admitted that general
plans for continuing the war were under
discussion, but what their nature was he
naturally declined to state. The first
measure to be inaugurated will be the
enforcement of an effective blockade.
RESIGNS AS PRESIDENT
OF 3ROWN UNIVERSITY
Dr. Andrews Accepts the Position of
Superintendent of Schools
in Chicago.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., July 17.— The res- j
lgnation of Dr. E. Benjamin Andrews as
president of Bro*vn University, to accept
the position of superintendent of schools j
In Chicago, has been received here by ',
Rev. Thomas D. Anderson, secretary of
the Brown University corporation. The j
resignation Is to take effect at once. At !
the request of Dr. Andrews a meeting of
toe executive and advisory committee !
has been called for to-morrow to take ac- ;
tion upon the matter. Dr. Anderson, '.
when interviewed, said that Dr. Andrews' i
resignation was regarded as final and
WOlUd be accepted.
No action has been taken as yet In re- '
gard to a successor for Dr. Andrews.
GENERAL TORAL
BROKEN-HEARTED
OVER DEFEAT
Every One of hfis Generals ar)d
Colonels pell During the
Hgbtiog.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH-BOAT WANDA,
OFF JUARAGUA, July 16 (via Port
Antonio and Kingston, Jamaica, July
17).— The formal sanction by the Ma
drid Government as to the terms of
the capitulation to-day unraveled the
skein of demands and counter-demands
between the opposing commanders,
which threatened yesterday to end the
negotiations and compel a return to
arms. The agreement is of nine ar
ticles. It declares:
First— That all hostilities shall cease
pending the agreement of fin«J capitula
tion.
Second— That the capitulation includes
all the Spanish forces and the surrender
of all war material within the prescribed
limits.
Third— The transportation of troops to
Spain at the earliest possible moment,
each force to be embarked at the nearest
port.
Fourth— That the Spanish officers shall
retain their side arms, and the enlisted
men their personal property.
Fifth— That after the final capitulation
the Spanish forces shall assist In the re
moval of all obstructions to navigation
In Santiago harbor.
Sixth— That after the final capitulation
the commanding officers shall furnlah a
complete Inventory of all arms and mu
nitions of war, and a roster of all the
soldiers in the district.
Seventh— That the Spanish general shall
be permitted to take the military archives
and the records with him.
Eighth— That all guerrillas and Spanish
irregulars shall be permitted to remain in
Cuba, if they so elect, giving a parole that
they will not again take up arms against
the United States until properly released
from parole.
Ninth— That the Spanish forces shall be
permitted to march out with all the hon
ors of war, depositing their arms, to be
disposed of by the United States in the
future, the American commissioners to
recommend to their Government that tfie
arms of their soldiers be returned to those
"who bravely defended them."
The articles were signed yesterday
afternoon after a four hours' session of
the commissioners, who agreed that the
BRIGADIER-GENERAL CHAMBERS McKIBBIN, TEMPORARY
MILITARY GOVERNOR OF SANTIAGO.
FOR TRANSPORTATION
OF SPANISH PRISONERS
Formal Advertisement of the War
Department for Steamers and
Supplies.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— The formal
advertisement issued by the quartermas
ter-genoraJ's office of the War Depart
ment for the transportation to Spain of
the Spanish officers and men who surren
dered to General Shafter, was Issued this
afternoon. It will be Inserted In newspa
pers published in New York. Philadelphia,
Boston, Baltimore and New Orleans. The
advertisement Is as follows:
War Department, Quartermaster General's
Office, Washington, D. C, July 17. 1898.
Transportaiton of Spanish prisoners of war
to Spain.
Sealed proposals are invited for the trans
portation of the Spanish prisoners of war who
surrendered to the United States forces from
Santiago de Cuba or such other ports of Spain
as may be hereafter designated. Their num
ber Is estimated at 100" commissioned officers
and 24,000 enlisted men. Cabin accommoda
tions are to be supplied for the officers and
third class or steerage accommodations having
suitable galley accommodations, conforming to
Big n)en are scarce. They are noticeable '.. by their firm
WalK; by the absence of pupiness; by strong lirobs.aod by
tbe clear way in which; they can look, you in the eye. If your
k.nees are weak.; if your strength; > has been overtaxed, or if
you 1 have {abused nature in any way, ask. for some truth
about ''H lid yah; " The weak ana the weary Knees will give
way to strong rodnhood; "Hudyan" has made many more
thousands ;of r ; men strong than have gone to tr;e Philippines
and Cuba combined, find it will rnak.e you strong. Ask. for
free testimony about it. \-A postal card even will bring cir-
culars to you. Absolutely no cent of expense. Nor win you
be charged in any way forced led! advice if you ja re ill in any
other way. .It Is a pleasure to help you. Why not be helped?
HUDSON- UEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton. Market art Ellis Sti., San Fmadsc*
terms of capitulation should await the
sanction of the Madrid Government.
General Toral, the white-haired com
mander of the Spanish forces, was
present throughout the session and ap
peared to be utterly heartbroken. He
spoke bitterly of the fate which com
pelled him to sue for peace, but had
no word to say against the gallant men
who had conquered his army. He de
clared that he had little chance to win.
"I would not desire to see my worst
enemy play with the cards I held," he
said to one of the commissioners.
"Every one of my generals was killed
or wounded. I have not a single
colonel left and am surrounded by a
powerful enemy. We have counted
sixty-seven ships off this port.
"And besides," he continued, wearily
waving his hands toward the city, "I
have secret troubles there."
Speaking of the battle of June 24, in.
which the Rough Riders and a part
of General Young's command parti
cipated, General Toral said that less
than 2000 Spanish troops were engaged,
his loss being 265. He would not say
how many Spaniards were killed at El
Caney and before Santiago.
"Heavy, heavy," he said, dejectedly.
In response to an inquiry he said that
transportation would be required for
between 22,000 and 25,000 men, there be
ing that many in the capitulated dis
trict. He informed the officers that
Santiago harbor had been again mined
since Admiral Cervera left.
General Miles remained at Juragua
during the completion of the agreement
yesterday and a copy of the articles
was sent to him by General Shafter
this morning.
"That is splendid," he said, "we have
everything we came after."
General Miles went to Quantanamo
to-day, and it is reported he will re
main there until the Washington Gov
ernment definitely decides about the
Porto Rico campaign. A large number
of troop ships are lying off here, and it
is believed that a large part of General
Shafter'a army will be moved soon.
the United States requirement as to space and
ventilation, for the enlisted men. The United
States Government will deliver the prisoners
on board at Santiago. Proposals to state the
per capita price for transporting officers and
for transporting enlisted men and for their
subsistence and delivering them on shore at
the Spanish port. Subsistence to be equal to
United States army garrison rations as fol
lows:
ONE THOUSAND COMPLETE RATIONS.
Pork, 1 1-10 pounds net weight 75; bacon,
; 2 1-10 pounds, net weight 150; tinned roast beef,
i 7 1-10 pounds, net weight 700; flour 125, or hard
! bread, net weight 1000.
Vegetables— Dry beans. 75; or rice, 50; fresh
i potatoes, SO0; onions, 200; coffee, roasted, 80;
! sugar, 150; vinegar, 80; soap, 40; salt, 40; peD
! per. black, 2.5.
! Needed transportation as above specified to
report to the chief quartermaster at Santiago
; between July 30 and August 10, IS9B. Payment
j will be made when evidence that the prison-
I ers have been delivered lg presented to this
j office. Proposals should txs addressed to Colonel
Frank J. Hecker, care Depot Quartermaster,
U. S. A. building. New York, and will be
opened at 11 o'clock a. m., July 20 IS9S
M. I. LUDINGTON.
Quartermaster General, U. B. A.
Hospital Ship Docked at Brooklyn.
NEW YORK, July 17.-The chartered
transport Olivette, which arrived off
: quarantine last night with 272 wounded
1 soldiers from Cuba, docked to-day at the
foot of Pacific street, Brooklyn.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S PATIENTS TESTIFY.
Tier. Gladly Tell of Their Ke«to*«-
tioA to Health.
mi. n T Blvthe 1325 Market street,
dyspepsia. Nothing would digest. Mun
faith In doctors. Decided to try Munyon s
Rheumatism Cure and it completely cured
me "
Samuel H. Cole, Kallspel. Mont., says:
"Suffered greatly with rheumatism. «rote
Munyon • for , advice. • Medicine came and I
wflfl curpd **
Mrs. Ferguson, 142 7th street, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., Bays: "Suffered many, years
•with an aggravated case of catarrh. Mun-
yon's Remedies quickly cured me." '■
Guide to Health and medical advice abso-
lutely free. Prof. Munyon, 1505 ■ Arch st.«
Philadelphia...
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain I No Pay Until Curedl
76-page book sent free. S. R. Chamlet. M. IX ,
17 THIRD ST., Near Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
+♦♦++♦♦+♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦
■♦■ ' ' ' '■""•' ' ■ • ■♦:'
♦ A " *■
I Good I
x Housewife it
♦» ' Takes • pleasure :In sweeping her house »
a regularly to keep It clean. That's the "*"
J' ■way with us. Every February and +
▼". August we take an account of stock, .
a, and before doing so we clean out all "V"
surplus and odd or broken lines. Our .4.
♦■ next stock-taking will 'be on August 7,
» and if you or any member of your +
▼" family require shoes give US' a call. It a
4. means money In your pocket. Special " r "
Sale Ladles' Embroidered Silk Vesting +
T" Lace ■ Shoes, new coin ' toes and tips, ,
4. pliable soles, the latest style, new "♦■
■ goods, reduced from $3 00 to $1 95. all .4.
*• sizes and widths.
¥ ~~~ ~"~" • . -' - ♦
. _-- -TO a.tUi| Misses' and Chll- 4.
*" \T M? y±>fdren-s Tan Lace 7
a, Q ' M If and Button and Ox- -¥
■ «L \AI\ Al blood Lace Shoes, a
¥ I ©i pointed toes and "*
a a r^_ \# tlps and ' spring ■¥
r Kr*»^ ' YW. heels, sizes 9to 12 .▲.
*■ Iffcii^-^T^— a>N — iim " A " width only; T
a t^mSZ^^amm^Sß reduced from |1 50 -4-
T" to 55 cents, Just to clean them out. .a.
♦■ 1
4. Boys' Calfskin jiti ■ +
Button Shoes.Van * ffKtV -4-
¥ plain broad toes f 1 «^S^i
♦■ or London toes IS W" % fc™^§ +
a, and tips, sizes fil »jr^. »^/ -4-
4- duced to ' SSjpL^OW \l/ '+
. cents, re ßUlar^£3s^^~3a3b^^ \F ' a
¥ price J2 50. Theyß|Hif"»M«lZ ,T>> a "T
4- must be sold. «^ «aSaHESaae^ ■ a
T Step In and examine our bargain r
¥ counter. +
4, We do not guarantee to fill country »
~ orders. "▼"
¥ Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. -4.
. Address .
*" B. KATCHINSKI, "♦"
£ PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, j£
. 10 Third st., San Francisco.
¥<¥■¥•¥ + + + + •¥ + + ■¥ + + + + + +
o © 6 00 oooodoooooood
l w PALACE wj
g C/? AND HPTJSJ.S o
q SAN FRANCISCO. "
jjf Connected by a covered passageway. **
0 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. O
0 All Under One Management. ' Q
0 . NOTE THE PRICES: .' O
-. European Plan. f 1.00 per day and upward A
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward V)
Q Correspondence Solicited. q
q JOHN 0. EIBIPATRICK, Manager. Q
00000000000000 Q O O Ol
WEEKLTGALL
of It Publishes the Cream of Jhe
& ' News of the Week and -
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
0/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°{ IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
01 PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best \ ~ / Mining *;
j Telegraphic \/ News That
:s \ Service on /\ ' s Accurate
» The Coast / \& up to date
ol Not a Line of it Sensational
J or Faky,and Not a Line of
n it Dry or Uninteresting.
ol Bright, Clean. I A Champion of
. 1 : -,. Thoughtful.- Truth, :
3 ACAUFORNIANEWSPAPEa
D ALL THE TIML ?
3FT ADVOCATES 1 SENT?BT ir
"3 HOME ; MAIL, 51.3»
?V INDUSTRIES " ■ 1 4 YEAB. "DIRECTOR GOULD
DEFENDS AGNEWS'
ACCUSED ATTACHES
Tourtillott and Mrs. Madi^an De
mand Investigation of
Charges.
SAN JOSE. July 17.— After careful
consideration of the question by Direc
tors Curnow, Hale and Gould, it was
decided to-day that, so far as they
wore conccrw>d, no special meeting of
the board of managers of the Agnews
State Hospital would be called to in
vestigate the charges against Dr.
Bponogle, T. T. Tourtillott and Mrs.
Madigan. There is yet a possibility,
however, that the other directors, I'p
ham and White, may brine: about a
special meeting.
From Director Frank Gould It was
learned that Tourtillott and Mrs.
Madigan had asked for an investiga
tion, and Dr. Sponogle stated that he
also would demand one. Dr. Sponogle
Bald It could not be called too soon to
suit him and lie would be represented
by an attorney. His plan is to de
mand that Erv.in Frost come before
the board and substantiate the charges
of wife murder and the ruining of a
young woman at Fresno.
There was another conference be
tween Director Gould and Detective
Frost this morning at the latter's of
fice, but none of the gentlemen who
took part In either last night's or this
morning's secret meeting with Frost
would discuss th<» seances, or t'-ll what
the subject under consideration was.
In view of the midnight conference
hHd in Frost's office last night, people
are wondering whether Frost will file
the threatened charges against Dr.
Bponogle.
An interview was had with Director
Gould at the asylum :it Agnews this
afternoon. He declined to discuss the
chorees against any of the accused.
This was what he had to say:
The Call charges me in its headlines
v-'tl' bf-lng a political trickster and with
acts, In a political way. of perfidy. I
want to say that neither The fall nor any
person who di-sln-.s to speak the truth
SCENE AT CAMP MONTGOMERY, LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS CADETS.
and is -willing to investigate from the
persons authorized to speak in that n:at
ter can find a word of justification for
that statement.
When I was appointed Director of A«
news in the fall of 1595 It was not at my
roqest, but upon the insistence of Gov
ernor Budd that I accepted the post' 'on.
I did not want it and told him so. When
I entered the board it consisted of three
Republicans and two Democrats, the
Democrats being Mr. White and myself.
It was then proposed by the Republican
members of the board to extend the cour
tesy to Mr. White and myself of electing
some persons whom we might suggest to
fill vacancies created at the request of
and for good reasons given by the then
superintendent of the institution.
I named my half brother at the bmc
gestion of Governor Budd himself. This
is the Ted Tourtillott of whom The ; a 1 1
has had so much to say; and a .'ilrjin.ir,
honester, more competent or more con
scientious young man does not live in
Santa Clara County. Ho has performed
his duties faithfully from the very start
and tended strictly to his own business
and nobody's else. He has suffered by
•the tongue of slander, not because of the
truth, but because be was unfortunate
enough to be my brother, and those who
Bought to tear me down have not hesi
tated to endeavor to ruin his young life
and bring sorrow to my poor old mother,
•whose solo support he Is.
The vacancy to be filled by White was
that of matron, and he appointed his
sister-in-law. Miss Ella Royce.
. Subsequent to that time Dr. James Cur
now, a life-long friend of mine, was ap
pointed upon the board as the third
Democrat, In the place of W. W. Monta
gue. At the first meeting after that ap
pointment Dr. Curnow. Mr. White and
myself had a conference to agree upon
the organization of the board. They both
desired me to act as president of the
board which I declined to do, being then
a resident of the city of Stockton and be
lieving that Dr. Curnow was better quali
fied than myself by reason of his pro
fession and residence to fill the position.
The question then arose as to the elec
tion of a secretary. Mr. White proposed
George Peckham. I then stated distinctly
that. when the secretary matter came up
I would not make a selection, but would
support any person that Dr. Curnow and
Mr. White would agree upon, if he were
competent. Dr. Curnow did not feel dis
posed to support Mr. Peckham. for rea
sons which be then stated, and which I
considered sufficient. After considerable
time spent by Mr. White In endeavoring
to force us to take Mr. Peckham, Dr.
Curnow and myself suggested several
other name , among them being Antone
Frlant and John T. McGeoghegan. and It
was finally agreed at that conference
that we would elect Antone Friant sec
retary, provided ho would accept the po
sition at a salary of $50 a month. It was
arranged that I should see Mr. Frlant and
ask him if he would do so. I. saw him and
he consented.
We rode to the asylum In a carriage
on the day of the meeting. When we
reached here, Mr. White taking me to one
pUle said be had chanted his m<n<l/iihoiit
Friant. and would insist upon Pecitham.
I told him that it was impossible to Induce
Dr. Curnow to vote for Peckham. He
paid, knowing Dr. Curnow's friendship
for me: "If you will insist upon it he will
vote for him." I replied that I would not
permit any man to dictate to me the se
lection of a man for a position to which
I believed him to bo unsulted: therefore
I. would not endeavor to exercise my In
fluence upon any other man to do such a
thing. He still insisted that I do so. and I
absolutely and peremptorily refused. As
a result the board did not organize at that
meeting.
At the succeeding meeting I was not
present, as I was engaged In the trial of
a lawsuit. I Informed the board that i
•would not b« here and reauested it to
continue the organization of the board un
til the next meeting. Notwithstanding
that, the board, ut the instance of Mr.
White, noting with the two Republican
members and against the wish of Dr. Cu'r
iiow, was reorganized by the election of
Mr. Montgomery as secretary. 1 was
much incensed at this action "and came
near having a quarrel with every member
of the board. But I subsequently discov
ered that Mr. White had informed them
that Governor Budd insisted that the
board be organized at once.
The reason I opposed Mr. Montgomery's
election was that at that time I believed
him to be a "gang man." I have alwaya
been opposed to Mr. Rea's methods and
to Mr. Rea politically.
There are now in this institution five
persons employed at my recommendation.
It has been my desire to keep the admin
istration at Agnews as much out of poli
u a / P ossible - and I have at all time*
cheerfully accorded every member of tha
board his fair share of recommendations
to positions. There is not a member of
the board who has not as many persons
ftere recommended by him as X have 1
have always insisted that those people
recommended by me perform their ser
vices faithfully and any complaint against
any one of them has brought from me a
very severe reprimand. It has always
been my desire to do everything that lay
in my power for the unfortunate Inmaton
placed under the care of this institution.
Mr. Gould mentioned quite a num
ber of Improvements h» had suggested
and brought about for both the inmates
and the employes. He continued:
Over a year ago * tendered my resig
nation as a director of this institution
to the Governor, but he refused it because
l>r. Hatch, the former medical superin
tendent, had Interceded with him not to
permit me resign. It has been stated that
this Institution reeks with corruption.
That Btatement is absolutely untrue. The
Institution, in my judgment* is in a better,
cleaner, more uarmonlous condition than
it has ever been In its history since I have
been connected with it.
The reason these so-called scandals have
arisen is that incompetent, untruthful
and vicious people have been turned out
to make room for competent, truthful and
kindly persons. It has been one continual
struggle for the boa.rd of directors for
more than a year past to counteract the
' evil influences of persons here most diffi
cult at times to identify. There is not a
statement made derogatory to this Insti
tution that is not supported by the state
i ments of people discharged from here
because of their lncompetency, untruth
, fulness or cruelty.
Every employe of this institution has
I confidence In the administration, and the
; statement that the institution reeks with
corruption is a slander upon the good
1 names of as reputable men and women as
the roof of The Call ever sheltered.
ALLEGED CRIME OF A
FORMER ATTACHE
SAN JOSE, July 18.— Since about 10
o'clock last night there has been a se
cret session at East San Jose of Di
rectors Gould, Curnow and Hale, At
torney Nicholas Bowden and Dr. F. M.
Sponogle, medical superintendent of the
Agnews State Hospital.
The object of this meeting is under
stood to be the consideration of a case
involving a charge of criminal assault
on one of the Inmates of the institution
by one of the former attaches of the
asylum. The alleged offender is report
ed to have disappeared immediately
after the discovery of his alleged
crime. The offense is said to have been
committed some days ago.
The conference which is still in pro
gress at 1 a. m. is for the presumed
purpose of ascertaining, with the as
sistance of the physician and the law
yer present, whether there Is sufficient
evidence to warrant an arrest and
prosecution^
SULPHUR MINES IN
MEXICO CLOSED
President Diaz Gives Notice to an
American Company That Ship
ments Must Cease.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. July 17.— The business
of the Mexican Sulphur Company at
J Yuma, Arizona, has been suspended until
the war with Spain is over. The offices of
the company are at Yuma and Plttsburg,
Pa., but the sulphur mines are located 20)
miles south of the Mexican boundary line,
on the Colorado River. Sulphur is a con
traband of war, and President Diaz of
Mexico gave the company notice that its
shipment must cease. Excessive boat dur
ing the summer months also makes It al
most Impossible to operate the mines with
safety. _
SLIGHT ENGAGEMENT
WITH THE SPANIARDS
Gunboat Annapolis Fired Upon at
Baracoa — Barracks of the
Enemy Destroyed.
PLAYA DEI- ESTE, Guantanamo nay,
; July 17.— Captain Hunker of the gunboat
Annapolis returned to-day from Baracoa,
where he had been three days watching
for blockade runners. He had a slight en
gagement there with the Spanish, who
fired upon him with field pieces, but did
! not injure him. Captain Hunker returned
{ the fire, setting fire to and burning the
1 Spanißh barracks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
LIFE AT CAMP
MONTGOMERY
Cadets Enjoying Their
Outing.
SOLEMN SUNDAY SERVICES
MILITARY MASS CELEBRATED
BY FATHER DEMPSEY.
Strict Discipline Is Maintained, and
the Guardhouse Already Holds
a Number of Young
Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAMP MONTGOMERY,
Santa Rosa, July 17.
With the sun shining brightly, the green
hills for a background and overhead a
cloudless blue sky. Camp Montgomery
presenfed a beautiful martial scene at
reveille this morning. The Stars and
Stripes were slowly raised while the
League of the Cross Cadets stood anil
respectfully saluted. Shortly afterward
the boys were marched to their mess
tables and partook of their first breakfast
In camp. Guard mount followed at S
o'clock. The quarters were inspected by
Colonel Sullivan, accompanied by {he offi
cer of the day, Captain James Power of
Company H.
At 11 o'clock assembly was sounded, and,
headed by Colonel Sullivan, the entire
regiment marched to the pavilion adjoin
ing the grounds, where military mass was
| celebrated by the Rev. Father Dempsey.
I The ceremony was solemn and impressive
and was attended by a large number ol
Santa Kosa residents. At the close of tho
1 reading of the gospel of the day Fathei
Dempsey addressed a few remarks to the
| cadets, reminding them that they wero
soldiers of Christ and hoping that they
would be at all times during the encamp
ment gentlemanly in their deportment.
After mass luncheon was served to the
boys and for the rest of the afternoon
they were at liberty to go whither they
; pleased.
This morning found twenty-eight of the
I cadets in the guardhouse. Some of them
; attempted to run the guard lines, while
j others decided not to hide their talents
, under a bushel, and after taps annoyed
their companions, who had resigned them
selves to sleep, with vocalistic efforts, un
til they were suppressed and placed in
the guardhouse. This morning the young
men could be seen trundling wheelbar
rows and generally cleaning up the
grounds, much to their discomfort, as they
nearly all had friends from San Fran
cisco, who came to pay the camp a visit.
The health of the regiment la excellent
and the most severe cases Surgeon Major
A. H. Giannlni had to contend with at
sick call wore those of lads who had in
dulged in too many green apples.
The companies have all christened their
streets and large signs greet the visitor's
eye. Company A street is named "Van
Ness avenue," and it presents a very
neat appearance; the company is in com
mand of Captain W. C. Hopper. Com
pany B street is called "Smith's boule
vard," In honor of Colonel James Smith,
at present at Manila in command of the
First Regiment California Volunteers.
The company is commanded by Captain
J. T. Curley. "Clam alley" is" the head
quarters of Company C, Captain J. J.
Mahony commanding. D Company has
honored Sertroant Andrew J. Gaughran
of Battery X, Third Artillery, who is at
present at Manila, by naming Its street
after him. The company Is commanded
by Captain J. D. Dwyer. Company E
patriotically displays a large sign "Re
member the Maine," and has christened
Its street "Maine street." It is com
manded by Captain D. J. McCarthy.
"Magnolia avenue" is the abode of F
Company, commanded by Captain M. F.
Hyncs. Company G, Captain E. J. Pow
er, has remembered Dewey. Company
H dwells on "Oregon lane." It is under
Captain J. Power. Companies I and M
share the same street and call it "Nanny
Goat lane." They are commanded by
Captains 11. Power and F. H. Johnston
respectively. IC Company claims it was
the first to honor Dewey and is Indignant
that Company G should have purloined
Its hero's name, but It compromised with
the boys In G by calling its street "Dewey
boulevard." Compapy X Is commanded
,by Captain J. 11. Riley. The L boys call
their street "Sampson avenue." They
are under Captain F. J. Monahan. N and
O companies are commanded by Captains
J. F. Power and Harry O'Neil. The band
Is commanded by Sergeant W. C. Murray.
The hospital corps is under Sergeant Con
lln.
To-day Captain James Power of Corn
puny H was officer of the day and Lieu
tenants J. S. Riley and Bart Mahoney of
ficers of the guar<L
ITALIAN MENOF-WAR
REACH CARTAGENA
No Indication of Steps Being Taken
to Force Payment of the Cer
ruti Claim.
COlX)N,Colombia, July 17.— Four Italian
men-of-war arrived at Cartagena at 4
o'clock yesterday morning. The custom
ary salutes were exchanged and the war
ships aro said to be taking on provisions.
No news has yet been received here in
dicating that the Italian commander has
taken any steps in the matter of the Cer
ruti claim.
DAFT ON SPIES
AND TRAITORS
Mania With the Madrid
Newspapers.
STIRRING UP THE POPULACE
ARTICLE AIMED AT AN AMERI
CAN GENTLEMAN.
Dark Hint That His Offenses Are
Much More Serious Than Those
for Which Iglesias Was
Shot.
Special cable to The Call and the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 17. — Some of the
newspapers here have gone wild over
the spy question. They see spies every
where and in everybody. They also do
all they can to stir up the people
against any one they choose to regard
in this light. Only a day or two ago
El Pals had an article headed "Spies
and Traitors." It was aimed at a di
rector of the New York Life Insurance
Company. So far as it was possible to
gather from the article this gentle
man's principal crime was that he had
been seen in conversation with me in
Pozuelo and often conversing with Mr.
Stanhope, correspondent of the New
York Herald, who has his summer res
idence in Pozuelo. El Pais, which is
nothing if not jingo, ingenuously ad
mits that it could fill columns with de
tails about spies and traitors whom the
Government allows to continue their
work with the greatest impunity and in
"open daylight." It points out that it
has already called the attention of the
Government to the maneuvers of Mr.
Reed, a director of the New York Life
Insurance Company, who, it adds, is,
from all indications, in the confidence
of the Yankee administration. This
paper then accuses Mr. Reed of having
"conferences" with Hannis Taylor and
General Woodford.
As this was in the ante-bellum days,
it is hard to see what is the gravity of
the accusation, as many good loyal
Spaniards also had "conferences" with
former embassadors from the United
States to Spain. However, any stick is
good enough to club a man with, and
El Pals evidently considers the country
is in serious danger because of these
"conferences." Where the malice of
the article lies, however, is in the state
ment that Mr. Reed has agents who
carry and set?k information for him.
"Unfortunate Iglesias," it says, "was
shot in America for much less serious
motives than could be alleged against
Reed and his agents."
The threat is unmistakable.
SKIRMISHES DURING
PEACE CONFERENCES
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
WITH THE ARMY BEFORE SAN
TIAGO, July 16, by Call-Herald Dir
patch boat to Port Antonio, Jamaica,
July 17. — General Wheeler, immediately
after he had returned from the final
conference with General Toral, ex
plained why certain so-called conces
sions were made by the Americana.
"General Toral's appeal for honorable :
terms," said General Wheeler, "was
most affecting. He said his army had
not been vanquished and that such
brave soldiers as the Americans were
should not be ungenerous. We were in
pressed by his earnestness and depend
upon his honor to carry out the spirit
of the agreement fully.
"Many details," General Wheeler
continued, "were merely verbal, but the
agreement was witnessed by Robert
Mason, the British vice-consul. Col
onel Fontaine, General Toral's chief of
staff, signed the agreement for him and
General Escario signed for Captain
General Blanco.
"Colonel Fontaine informed me that
the troops involved in the capitulation
numbered 28,000, being the garrisons at
Santiago, Sagua de Tamano, Caima
nera, Manzanillo, Holguin and a few
unimportant towns. The agreement
contains no reference to the govern
ment of the city or the province after
the United States has occupied them. I
am very favorably impressed by the
Spanish officers and have complete
faith in their word."
Although the truce between the
American and the Spanish forces was
in effect, there were two sharp skirm
ishes between the opposing forces dur
ing the hours just prior to the final
surrender of Toral's army. One of
these skirmishes took place on Friday
afternoon nean Baracoa, the Annapolis
being engaged by Spanish troops. Cap
tain Bunker went to Baracoa several
days ago to watch for a supply
schooner. He entered the bay on the
opposite side from that on which the
Spanish blockhouses are located, desir
ing to confer with the Cubans stationed
there. The Spaniards suddenly opened
fire with field pieces from their batter
ies in front of the blockhouses. Their
gunnery was good and the shells ex
ploded all about the American vessel.
The Annapolis was struck by the frag
ments of several shells, but no damage
of consequence was done. Captain
Bunker returned the Spanish fire, set
ting the barracks ablaze, nearly de
stroying it and silencing the batteries.
The Cubans report that about 1000
Spaniards are in the vicinity of Bara
coa. Nothing was seen of the schooner
and the Annapolis left for Guantanamo
to-day.
Another attack on the Americans
was made yesterday afternoon near
Guantanamo. Some Spaniards, sup
posed to be guerrillas, by a ruse at
tracted a launch from the Marblehead
to the shore. Commander McCalla saw
a man walking up and down the beach,
indicating that he desired to communi
cate with the Americans. The captain
sent a launch and dingy in charge of
Ensign Sullivan, with Captain Sanchez
of General Perez's staff, as interpreter.
When the launch was within 200 yards
of the shore the man disappeared. In
a moment a volley of bullets came
whistling from the bushes, splashing
all around the launch. Ensign Sulli
van ordered his men to reply and they
used their rifles and a one-pounder.
This drew a hot fire from the bushes,
which finally subsided. As a precau
tionary measure the gunners of the
Marblehead let drive two six-pounders.
No one on the launch was hurt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ / -V»\ — The grow my youngster
j j|j/ feels proud when dressed
Bf if just like
nFa Pq IPo 1
Aj So> JL %JV JL \AJ «
No better way to tram the young mind
in the channel of self-respect.
For the next two weeks we are going to
make our > children's department appeal to
every mother in San Francisco by giving
them a $5.00 all-wool suit for $2.35, with
the privilege of keeping same one week after
purchase and if dissatisfied money will be
refunded without any questions.
We will not tire of
telling you of their
serve all the praise •. i^BL. IBlllP^
we can bestow upon Bmlffl
most one thousand of h jE3KSK322S
these garments <Ha .^gs w>
styles of Middies and EMiii&mimMsr
Reefers, ages 4to 10, jr "-wwffl*^
and in double breast-
ed from 9 to 18.
All the latest styles are comprised in them, likewise the
most fashionable colors— shades of brown, tans, slates, blues
and black. Weaves of Worsteds, Cheviots, Tweeds and
Cassimeres, all for the sum of $2.35, and money back after
purchase if so desired.
*grm* i&hhbrh''V Combined with the above
ISIS /fir sale will be several hundred All-
Imm Piilili wool and Worsted Knee Pants,
|^ • ages 6to 14, which will be sold
llillisssßte^ <raBBBSDv' during the sale for 65c, former
P rice $ 1 - 00 » $1-60 and $2.00.
Klilill mSL;M lirKaf may seem elaborated upon, we
W&F-&to*4 Msmr candidly admit that we are los-
P^ gS^ ing money on every article sold
during this sale, yet we are thor-
oughly contented to do so in order to introduce our Boys'
Department to the mothers of San Francisco.
We desire to impress upon your mind that it costs a great deal of
money to advertise our place ot business in order to bring same to your
notice, and if we can make a customer of you through this means we are
more than satisfied to lose money during this sale and convince you we
do as advertised. : i " ; %
s. n. wood~& Co.;
-".' 718 MARKET STREET.
NING POS ON
THE WARPATH
Fiercely Resist French
Innovations.
HEAD MEN DECLARE BOYCOTT
CLOSE ALL THEIR SHOPS IN
SHANGHAI.
*
Dissatisfaction With the New Taxes
Causes an Insurrection in
the Province of
Kansu.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHANGHAI, July 17.— The Chinese
having refused to accept an offer of
money by the French and the promise
of a new site to replace the Ning Po
jc.-sshouse, the repository for Ning Po
corpses pending their final burial, the
French object being the removal of the
nuisance and the improvement of the
road, eighty sailors were landed from
the French cruiser Eclaireur on Satur-
day and commenced pulling down the
wall of the unused cemetery. Later
some stone throwing was Indulged in
by the population, but the sailors and
the French police maintained order. It
is said that one native rowdy was bay
oneted to-day.
It is reported that the Ning Po head
men have declared a general boycott
against Shanghai. None of the Ninj
Po shops are open and no Ning Poi
are at work. The head men's orden
have been posted.
The volunteers paraded this after,
noon and are kept in readiness in cast
of need. Three natives are reported t<
have been shot. The bridges betweei
the French and English settlement!
are closely guarded.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 17.— Advicei
received here report that on July 1 ai
insurrection occurred in Kansu, th<
most northwest province of China
arising from dissatisfaction with th«
new taxes.
MILES TO LEAVE FOR
PORTO RICO AT ONCE
Outlines Hi^ Plans, Which Involvi
the Employment of Twenty-
seven Regiments.
Special cable to The Call and the New Yorl
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gop
don Bennett.
SIBONEY, July 16 (by Call-Herald dl»
patch-boat to Port Antonio, Jamaica
July 17).— Major General Nelson A. Milei
to-day outlined to me general plans foi
the Porto Rican campaign. As has beei
brought already in my dispatches, Gen
eral Miles will leave here at once and wit
take charge of the invasion of Porto Rico
He will use in his work twenty-sevei
regiments, including practically all of th«
regulars now with General Shafter. Thej
have become well acclimated. On the au.
thority of General Miles, I am able t«
say that the Rough Riders and Seventy
first New York Regiment will be amnn|
the volunteers selected from about Santi
ago to go to Porto Rico. General Milei
declares that within three weeks the ex
pedition will be landed on the Porto Rlcar
shore and be marching toward San Juan,
This invading force will be much largo
than that sent against Santiago, and ad
ditional volunteers from Fernandina oi
Tampa probably will be sent to join th<
expedition. It is likely that General
Shafter, as soon as the troons are s.-nt
to Spain, will return to the United States
He is broken in health.
34
MONDAY JULY 18, 1898
JOHN P. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. I.EAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFPICE Market and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mala 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l> ]
•erved by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cent*.
THE WEEKLY CALL.... l; _On« year, by mall. $150 '
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building j
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftft* Ho«m
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building !
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open ur.tll
8:30 o'ctock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:50
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh ■
•treet, open untl' 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second om
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock,. ;
AMUStMENTi
Columbia— "Liberty Hall "
Alcazar— "Faust
Morocco's "Captain Impudence "
Tlvoll— "The Bells of Cornevillo."
Orpheum - Vaudeville.
The Chutes- Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the «13 pound Man.
Olrmpla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
f utro's Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dan. boating, flahlng. every Snnday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thlsday, July 18. Library, at corner
Market and Seventh streets, at 3 o clock p. in.
By Klllii>.fc Tuesday, July 19, Horses, at corner Market
etrect and v.v. Ness avenue, at H o'clock.
THE TRADE SITUATION.
T"O Calitornians the local trade situation last
week was more interesting than that of the
country at large. The latter was not partic
ularly striking, and was in fact almost without
ieature, a.> usual in midsummer. There was rather
more disposition to buy wool, and business was lair
for this time of the year, witii former prices easily
maintained. The iron and steel trade, too, showed
more tone, partly on account of decreased produc
tion and partly owing to large orders, particularly in
the West, where a number of mills will forego their
v.-v.ii shutdown ami others will materially curtail
theirs. Indeed, some, mills report orders booked
ahead as far as next winter. This, at a time when
■..uii generally prevails, is noteworthy. The
k' success of the new loan is the talk of finan
cial circles all over the country. The amount called
lor aas and the amount actually sub
scribed reached the enormous rigure of $1,300,000,000.
while the end is apparently not yet. The fact that
this immense sum has all been subscribed right here
in our own country ought to swell the breast of the
average American with pride. We need never again
go abroad for funds, whether in the. shape of war
loans or in any other form.
Wall street responded to this magnificent showing
by increased buoyancy, which, however, was damp
ened by the uncertainty accompanying the military
operations before Santiago and by the confusion re
sulting from the new stamp tax, which diverted con
siderable speculation from stocks to bonds, which
are not subject to the tax. This wet blanket was in
turn lifted by the surrender of Santiago and the fine
crop prospects, so Wall street had a very unsettled
week all around. The statistical condition of the
country continued gratifying, the bank clearings
being 16.6 per cent over those of the corresponding
week last year, while the failures showed a slight de
crease. The exports of cereals from the Atlantic
coast continued heavy, those of wheat being 2,910,300
inst !.."J2,000 for the same week in 1897.
The distributive trade of the country is at its low
est point in midsummer, so there is nothing new to
report in general business. But already some lines
are preparing for the fall trade, which is expected to
be large, though it is hardly thought that it will reach
the unprecedented volume of the spring business. If
it does the country will boom indeed.
But it is in California that the chief interest centers
for Californians, as already remarked. The 1898 har
vest is now in full blast, and it is the best
we have had in point of returns for a num
ber of years. Prices for hay and grain are more
than profitable, and there is a demand for every
pound that comes into this market. As for fruit, it
has not brought such prices for many a day. The
leading staples at this season are apricots, peaches
and pears. The canners are paying $40(0,65 per ton
for apricots, against $5(??2O last year, $65^70 for cling
peaches, against- $30^/40. and are fairly scrambling
for the pears at $25@30, against $7@20. Pears are
expected to go still higher, for the crop is small, and
the scarcity in apricots and peaches creates just so
much more demand for pears. Even the humble
apple is wanted at much bettor prices than ruled last
Mason, for this crop, too. is small, not only here, but
all over the United States, and the grower this year
can pick up the windfalls and wormy fruit under the
trees and sell them for $7 per ton. whereas last year
they went begging at $3^4. And thus it goes all
along the list of farm products. A gratifying feature
h the comparative independence of the farmer and
fruit-grower this summer. They are now holders,
whereas for a number of years they have been anxious
sellers, only too glad to throw their produce on the
market for whatever it would bring. The good re
turns enable them to do this, which keeps the differ
ent markets from becoming choked with offerings
and holds receipts down to the normal requirements
of the daily demand. Not for years has the Califor
nia farmer been so well situated as he is to-day.
Of course this prosperous condition of the farmer
has its effect on general business. Country credit?
are better and the country demand for merchandise
is good. As the city lives off the country the feeling
here is one of confidence, and all lines anticipate a
good fall trade. San Francisco has been doing well
for months, and the present indications are that it
will continue to do well for many months to come.
An effort is now being made to stir up a factional
fight in the lowa regiment. A great deal of effort has
been expended in a similar way for other regiments,
and happily has achieved failure.
If Binnco really attempted suicide and failed he has
added nothing to his reputation. To kill oneself does
not require a high degree of intelligence, but some
what higher than to try it and make a bungle.
Editor Rush of San Rafael must be the original
"Rush in where angels fear to tread." He went to
jail
San Francisco has heard the "rebel yell" and
didn't scare a bit.
ALSO THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
THAT the Wells-Fargo Express Company is re
fusing to bear, its share of the war tax is a mat
ter of record. The Western Union has evaded
the duty of contributing, forcing the public to pay the
proportion Congress designed to fall . upon that
wealthy corporation. The Telephone Company de
clined to pay until it had been obliged to, the law as
to this being clear and specific. The list of un
patriotic corporations Is growing;. It
must be enlarged •►> the addition of th©
Southern I*aciflc. This ln*>t concern
makes the pretense that it is complying
with the law. It is not so comply.
iiip;. To prove that it is not the law needs only to
be quoted:
"EXPRESS AND FREIGHT: It shall be the
duty of every railroad or steamboat company, carrier,
express company, or corporation or person whose oc
cupation is to act as such, to issue to the shipper or
consignor, or his agent, or person from whom any
goods are accepted for transportation, a. bill of lading,
manifest or other evidence of receipt and forwarding
for each shipment received for carriage and trans
portation, whether in bulk or in boxes, bales, pack
ages, bundles, or not so enclosed or Included; and
there shall be duly attached and canceled as in this
act provided to each of said bills of lading, manifest
or other memorandum, and to each duplicate thereof,
a stamp of the value of one cent."
Nothing could be clearer than this. A penalty is
named for failure to comply, and the penalty is direct
ed, not against the individual shipper, but the offend
ing corporation. The Southern Pacific, however, has
a way of construing law to suit itself. In this in-
stance it makes announcement that it will pay the
tax, and then proceeds to pay only a part of it. It
has adopted the method of affixing a stamp to the
original bill of lading, but on the duplicate bills re
quires the customer to pay for the stamps. As bills
of lading are usually made out in triplicate, the com
pany, while boasting of compliance with the law,
really evades two-thirds of the tax Congress has de
clared it shall pay. For it to pay any part is a cir
cumstance the Southern Pacific regards as a conces
sion, but the present emergency does not call for con
cessions. When the company shirks a part of its
responsibilities, making the sham plea that it is doing
all required of it, the sin of hypocrisy but accentuates
the unpatriotic crime of refusing to aid the Govern
ment. The avowal of the Wells-Fargo people that
they will not pay the war tax has at least the merit of
frankness.
Possibly there are authorities which stand so little
in awe of the Southern Pacific that a new construc
tion of the law will be forthcoming. The theory that
this corporation is above the statutes lacks a sound
basis. The time has come for bowling it over. Pri
vate citizens pay. There is neither equity nor act of
Congress behind the proposition that having paid
their own tax. they must go down into their pockets
to pay the tax of the Southern Pacific or of any other
corporation thriving under Government protection,
and actually making extra profit from the war in
which the Government is engaged.
THE PROGRESS OF THE WAR.
SANGUINE expectations that the fall of San
tiago will soon be followed by an application
on the part of Spain for peace may be shared
by the President and his official advisers, but if so
they are not permitted in any way to interfere with
the resolute determination to prosecute the war with
vigor. Our military and naval authorities are not
waiting to see what Spain will do next, and if her
statesmen hope to make peace in time to escape an
other blow they must act promptly.
This week will probably see the sailing of Watson's
fleet for Europe in search of Camara, the last Spanish
commander whose flag flies on the seas; and of an
army for the occupation of Porto Rico. The success
of both of these expeditions is beyond question. The
events of the war have thus far been so one-sided
that the main interest felt in any movement is in the
time that will be required to execute it. Therefore
the discussion of the descent upon San Juan and of
Watson's pursuit of Camara will turn almost wholly
upon the prospects of having a new victory to cele
brate within the next ten days.
The action of the Spanish Government in proclaim
ing martial law throughout the kingdom is every
where regarded as an evidence that the Ministry in
tends to sue for peace, and is preparing to resist any
outbreak that may result from that confession of
weakness. This belief seems to be well founded, for
hardly any other reasonable explanation can be of
fered for the extraordinary course pursued.
It must be borne in mind, however, that up to this
time no action taken by the Spanish officials in the
conduct of the war has been at all reasonable when
judged by the situation as it appears to American
eyes. It was unreasonable to send Cervera to the
We^t Indies, and it was unreasonable to order him
out of Santiago. The unreasonable, therefore, may
be the thing to expect of Spain for her next
move, and possibly the proclamation of martial law
may imply a determination to force the people to sub
mit to still further war taxes and to continue the fight
until Havana has been taken by force of arms and the
ports of Spain threatened by the gun* of our victori
ous fleets.
It is worth noting that European nations have long
since ceased to show any great interest in the war
itself, and arc engaged almost wholly in commenting
upon what the United States will do with the Span
ish colonies after the war is over. That is in fact the
only vital problem in the contest. The war itself is
beinp hastened to a swift conclusion, and nothing
could more effectually induce Spain to apply for
pence at once than the activity in the army end navy
which so effectually proves that we do not care
whether she does or not.
THE WONDERFUL TURBINfI.
WHILE the American fleets at Manila and San
tiago have demonstrated the dread efficiency
of modern warships in the hands of skillful
and courageous seamen, there has been tested on the
British coast a little vessel whose success promises
to render comparatively valueless the whole internal
mechanism not only of war vessels, but of merchant
steamers, and virtually rtvolutionize marine en
gineering.
The little vessel, called the Turbina, from the pe
culiar construction of her engines, is reported to
have made in several tests as much as thirty-eight
knots an hour. In one test she covered twenty-two
knots in thirty minutes, and more than once covered
short distances at a rate of speed equal to sixty miles
an hour. It is also reported that the sole cause of
her inability to maintain that high rate of speed for
greater distances is that the smallness of her hold
prevents her from carrying coal enough to keep her
engines running.
The expectations raised by the achievements of
models are not always realized when larger construc
tions are made on the same type. An increase of
weight and friction sometimes results disastrously
upon mechanism that works excellently in the small
and light construction of the model. In the case of
the Turbina. however, there are good reasons for be
lieving no such disappointment will occur. In fact,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
it is quite possible that some huge battleship or
ocean liner. built on the lines of the new model and
equipped with her machinery may even surpass the
The reason for this sanguine hope is based upon the
fact that the Turbina machinery is not more complex
than that now in use. On the contrary, it is a step in
the direction of simplicity. Its character has not
been kept secret. There is nothing mysterious about
the invention. It is not a Keely motor of unknown
nature. On the contrary, every part of it has been
publicly revealed and explained by the inventor, and
the fame it has acquired is due, not to any hidden
mystery of construction or motive force, but to the
feats it has performed in operation under conditions
that constituted fair tests of its worth and usefulness.
Part of the success of the Turbina is said to be due
to the construction of her hull, but the greater part
is due to the new form of engine with which she is
provided. According to reports this piece of
mechanism is the simplest engine ever devised. Its
most important feature is a shaft, surrounded by rows
of blades, inclosed in a cylinder provided with
grooves corresponding with the blades. Steam is
turned into the cylinder, and in its passage to escape
it drives the blades round like the vans of a wind
mill. It is claimed that as this engine runs entirely
in one direction it produces no jar in the ship, and
as it has few working parts to get out of order, there
is hardly a limit to be set upon the speed which may
be given to its revolutions.
Shipbuilders are proverbially conservative. It is
seldom they venture upon new experiments, for ships
cost money, and the ocean is not a safe thing to
try experiments upon. Consequently it may be some
years before the new engines are in general use. If
the reports of the recent tests of the Turbina are ac
curate, however, it is only a question of time when
vessels on her model will be common on the seas.
At any rate now that we are about to enlarge our
navy it would be worth while for the Government
to give heed to the new ship and her wonderful
feats.
WHEN Frank H. Gould, Democratic politician
and aspirant for all the oftices in sight, man
aged to gain for himself the oftices of director
of Agnews Asylum and president of the State Board
of Building and Loan Association Commissioners it
was believed he intended to use those positions as
stepping stones toward the attainment of the Demo
cratic nomination for the Governorship.
Some thought he would try to make a record of
good administration to which he could point with
pride when he appealed to the people for support.
Others thought he would use the power and patron
age of the offices to win the favor of the Democratic
machine and so win out in the State convention. Both
of these suppositions have been proven erroneous by
recent revelations. Mr. Gould, it appears, has used
his official position not for himself nor for his party,
but solely for the benefit of his relatives and his per
sonal friends.
It is unfortunate for Mr. Gould that both at Ag
news and in the work of the Building and Loan Com
mission there have been scandals surficiently grave
to attract public attention. The investigation of these
scandals has disclosed certain facts which show that
Mr. Gould is neither a good official nor a good Dem
ocrat. He turned down his party at Agnews and
stood in with the Rea gang in San Jose in order to
make a soft job for his half brother and a lady friend.
He turned the State down ou the Building and Loan
Commission and altered an official report for the pur
pose of making a better business showing for an
other friend.
As a fellow who helps his kinsfolks and his friends
at the expense of California Gould has certainly made
a record. It is unfortunate, however, for his hope of
being helpful in the future that his past actions should
have resulted in scandals on the very eve of a politic
i al cai.inaign in which his aspirations for the Gover
norship are at stake.
Mr. Gould, it will be remembered, is one of the
triumvirate who assumed control of the Democratic
party in this city. With his colleagues, Alford and the
Whispering McNab, he carried through the scheme
that has deprived San Francisco Democrats of the
right to have anything to say about their party af
fairs this year. In the committee that was appointed
j to take charge of San Francisco Democracy it is safe
to say that Mr. Gould remembered his friends. An
official who would use the power of his office to help
! his friends most certainly would not hesitate to serve
i his party as he served his State. The man who
would alter an official report to help a friend's busi
ness is not likely to be very scrupulous in manipulat
ing the machinery of his party.
To the Democrats of San Francisco it will be seen
that Gould's record at Agnews and a* a Building and
Loan Commissioner arc matters of special concern.
; He and his friends have assumed control of the
whole Democratic machinery in this city, and if that
control is submitted to, it is safe to say there will be
scandals in the coming Democratic State convention
as startling as those in the Building and Loan Com
; mission if not quite so dirty as those at Agnews.
THE DUTY OF THE DAY.
rOR all citizens who have not already attended to
it, the first duty of the week and of the day is
that of registration. The time allotted for regis
tering is growing short, and already the rush at the
registration office has begun. It will increase in num
bers as the days pass, and with the increase there will
come a greater delay and discomfort among the
crowds that will throng the office.
It must be borrre in mind that the duty of register
ing this year applies to all citizens. Former regis
trations do not count. From the slow way in which
voters have been attending to registration there is
reason to believe that a considerable number of them
are under the impression that as their names are on
the present great register they will not have to regis
! ter over again. Such impressions are erroneous. In
! order to have a vote at the coming election not only
\ must all new voters register, but all who have been
i registered must register again.
The time {or registration closes August 9, but little
more than three weeks away, and but a comparatively
j small proportion of the voters of the city have as yet
1 attended to the duty. Two years ago, when the
Presidential election was approaching, the people were
, fairly prompt in having themselves registered, but this
j year they are for some reason dilatory and slow.
j Nevertheless the issues to be determined this fall are
\ hardly less than those involved in the contest of 1806,
j and when the campaign opens it will be found one of
i the most exciting in our history. It is certain that all
I who neglect to register, and thereby lose their vote,
I will deeply regret it when the time comes for the peo
j pie to decide between supporting the administration
1 or the opposition.
To register to-day will hardly occupy more than
five minutes of time. When the rush of the closing
days comes, however, one may have to wait half an
hour in line at the office. To register is a political
duty, and to attend to it to-day will be wisdom.
No captious critic will arise to accuse Miles of not
throwing bouquets to his fellow officers-
of the model itself.
HELPING HIS FRIENDS.
CHIEF LEES
AT HIS OLD
TRICKS AGAIN
Popper Says HeWas Approached
to Withdraw the Famous
Salary Suit.
The following question was asked of Max Popper yesterday:
"Were you not approached by prominent members of the Police De
partment and asked to withdraw your suit which is now on appeal in the
Supreme Court, affecting the constitutionality of the bill passed by the
last Legislature increasing the salaries of certain officials in the Police
and Fire Departments?"
Evincing considerable surprise at the query, Mr. Popper replied:
"Yes, it is true that I was approached on two occasions by mem
bers of the detective department with reference to the case. The action
has been on appeal from the decision of Judge Seawell — which went
against me — I should say about eight months. During this period I
have been asked to agree to an extension of the time for filing a brief
in answer to my transcript on appeal to the appellate court. In each
instance I consented to the proposition and the respondent's brief, cov
ering about two hundred pages, was finally filed. My attorneys did
not see any particular merit in the points made by the attorneys for the
two departments, except the claim as to the right of the Legislature to in
terfere with purely municipal affairs. The sole important feature of their
brief is the effort to convince the Supreme Court that the Police Depart
ment is a quasi State institution. However, a peculiar thing in connec
tion with that document is the fact that they make no reference what
ever to the Fire Department. It is evident they consider that the only
MAX POPPER, Who Was Approached by Chief Lees'
Men With a Proposal to "Come Off."
peg that they have to hang their hats on is the possibility of confus
ing the appellate court as to whether or not the Police Department is en
tirely a municipal body. The constitution covers the point ihey endeavor
to make and the recent decision in the case of the Board of Supervisors
will have an important bearing on the result of the action.
"I was met one day by a couple of the detectives and the subject
of this suit came up. After considerable talk they asked me if I would
sign a stipulation agreeing to have the case advanced on the calendar of
the Supreme Court. I replied I was not looking for any delay and that
in the past their attorney had several times asked for and been granted
continuances by me thi'ough my attorneys. I think the proposition to
advance the case was agreed to by my attorneys, but I am sure I do not
know whether or not the court has consented to grant such a conces
sion. Why the department should suddenly desire this expedition in
bringing the action to a decision after previously seeking delay I do not
know.
"The second time the members of the department came to me with
reference to the case Detective Bee was the spokesman.
"The pros and cons of the matter were laid before me by that gen
tleman and I was flatly asked if I would withdraw the suit and not let it
go to a final decision."
"Did Mr. Bee give you any valid or other reason why you should
abandon the action After all the time, thought and money you had de
voted to testing the legality of the act of the Legislature; or why such a
request should be made after you had consented to have the case ad
vanced on the calendar?"
"No," replied Mr. Popper, "he did not give any reason, or ex
plain himself in any respect, but just simply asked me if I would do
the department that favor.
"I did not give them any definite answer at that time, but told Mr.
Bee I would take the matter under consideration. I consulted my at
torneys on the subject and they advised me to stand on my appeal, as the
point at issue involved the vital question of home rule or no home rule
for San Francisco.
"As a result of this conference I saw Mr. Bee again and informed
him that my withdrawal of the case would depend on the fate of the San
Francisco charter in the next Legislature. If the charter should be
adopted and the appeal .undecided, there would be no further necessity
for a decision. Otherwise I would insist on carrying the case to a final
decision.
"I desire to say that in instituting this case or in any subsequent
procedure, including my definite answer to the representatives of the
force, I was not nor am I actuated by any personal feeling. I knew
there was a grave principle affecting the welfare of the city involved
and I undertook to have it adjudicated to the benefit of the munici
pality.
"Of course, I realize that they want their salary, but if the law is
constitutional they will get back pay from the date that the statute
went into effect. So there will be no loss to them if they lose on my ap
peal. If they win they will be all right. The possibility of the adop
tion of the new charter may have something to do with the desire to
have the case dismissed. The withdrawal of my appeal would place the
law in full operation and back salaries would be due and payable. How
ever, as no injustice will be done to any parties in either the Police or
Fire Departments, I shall let matters take their course in the Supreme
Court. In the cases of captains, I believe the increase is $100 per
month, and this figure is graduated down in proportion to the detec
tives, who would enjoy an increase of $25 per month. If a man is a real
detective and capable of filling such a position, I for one would not ob
ject to his receiving $150 per month, but the trouble is there is seldom
one who properly comes under that classification."
For several days there have been
ugly rumors on the streets that the
head of the Police Department was en
deavoring to interfere with the pro
gress of a case in court which particu
larly affects his interests. Ordinarily
such stories do not attract any marked
attention, for since Captain Lees was
promoted to the chair of the Chief com
plaints as to such interference In crim
inal cases have become notorious.
In this Instance, however, the matter
is a serious one, and it seems that the
Chief, through his subordinates, as
pires to not only run the Police De
partment, and Police Courts according
to nig second childhood ideas, but has
been aiming at the biggest game in the
State in the shape of the Supreme
Court.
The head of the department had
enough discretion left to not Instruct
his men to directly attempt to inter
fere with the progress of Justice in that
august tribunal, but the evidence ad
duced indicates that he had the audac
ity to permit two of his most trusted
men In the Detective Department to
try to accomplish such a result by In
direct means. _~,-_*
The details of the supposed secret
operations of these agents of the cnier
will prove highly interesting, particu
larly to those of his friends who can
not yet realize that his age and mental
decreptitude unlit him to properly ad
minister the high office he occupies.
It will be remembered that the last
Legislature passed a law increasing tne
salaries of certain officers of the Police
and Fire Departments. In the case or
Chief Lees the raise was the snug sum
of $1000 per year, captains $1200 per
annum, and lesser increases for mmor
officers, including detectives.
Max Popper took great interest in tne
law and after consulting his attorneys
concluded that the statute was not only
unconstitutional, but vicious, by veason
of the fact that if it proved constitu
tional and stood upon the statute
books it would be a serious stumbling
block to any future efforts to secure
home government for San Francisco.
He therefore instituted a suit against
Auditor Broderlck and obtained an in
junction restraining that official from
paying the increased salaries. The
case was tried before Judge Seawell
and the decision went ag^st Mr. Pop
per. Believing there was a possibility
of a reversal in the Supreme Court, he
filed an appeal. This was about eight
months ago. Garret McEnerney, repre
sented the two departments in the ac
tion and while apparently taking no
steps to respond in the appellate court,
succeeded several times in securing
Popper's consent to grant more time in
which the answer should be filed. It Is
said that up to the present time he has
failed to submit such document.
In the meantime Dunn & McPyke
appeared in the action, being presumed
to represent the subordinate officers in
the two departments affected by the
law. These attorneys finally filed a
brief, which Popper's legal advisers de
clare does' not contain a point sufficient
to enable the appellate court to affirm
the Judgment in the lower court. In
short, it is stated that the main point
made has been decided aerainst their
proposition in the case of the Board of
Supervisors of this city, in which it
was decided that the State law did not
apply to the board by reason of the
fact that it was purely a municipal
body.
During the evolutions of the case
some supposedly brilliant idea must
j have struck the -reat controling brain
of the "upper office," and it was evi
dently decided if possible to head off
the case before it went any further.
After the several moves for delay had
been successfully made, the promoters
of the law took an opposite course and
went at Max Popper for more conces
sions. This time, however, the work
was not entrusted to an attorney, but
Detectives Bee and Harper, two of
! Lee's most trusted and reliable men,
i were shouldered with the task of work-
Ing the good-natured Mr. Popper on the
new tack.
The selection of Harper to perform
' this delicate operation was not accl-
I dental, as Indicated by the fact that
he is one of Popper's most intimate
friends, and owes his position to-day to
the influence of Ponrier.
The first proposition made by the
representatives of the Chief was that
Mr. Popper consent to sign a stipula
tion asking the Supreme Court to ad
vance the cause on the calendar in or
der that an early decision might be se
cured. Mr. Popper replied that what
ever delays there had been in the case
were due to th<- actions of the attor
neys for the departments and that he
was quite willing that the action be
expedited in that manner or any other
proper way.
The matter remained in this status
for some time, during which the Chief
in rattling around and trying to regu
late the proceeding in the Supreme
Court must have collided with some un
expected and indurated formation, for
Detectives Bee and Harper were in
structed to not only turn a back som
ersault, figuratively speaking, but to
use their influence with Mr. Popper to
induce him to perform the same diffi
cult feat.
These gentlemen accordingly sought
Popper and asked him to withdraw his
suit, notwithstanding his long and
earnest efforts to determine the validity
of the law.
What reasons were given for asking
Mr. Popper to adopt such an astonish
i ing course or what suggestions were
made as to the particular manner in
which his favor would be appreciated
have not been made public, but there
is a very well founded rumor that Mr.
; Popper was offered the political influence
! of the entire Police Department if he
j would accommodate the Chief by with
: drawing his appeal.
At any rate the appeal made by the
detectives was sufficiently Interesting
to cause Popper to "take the matter
I under advisement." However, after
, considering it thoroughly and consult
ing his attorneys he again met the
Chiefs right-hand men and notified
them that he could not stand up to
such a proposition, and proposed to see
that the case went through on its
I merits. As Chief Lees has been in an
unusually savage mood for several
I days past, it is evident that the report
of Bee and Harper relating the ut
i ter wrecking of the queer scheme must
have been highly exasperating to the
old gentleman.
Max Popper, when told that the Btory
' was on the street, explained his cnn
| nection with it in the foregoing pointed
i Interview.
LEES SAYS HE DON'T KNOW
"I know nothing about the matter,"
said Chief Lees last night, when asked
by whose authority Bee and Harper
had asked Mr. Popper to withdraw his
appeal. "If anything of the kind was
; done, it was on Detective Bee's own
! responsibility as one of a committee
I representing the subordinate officers of
; the two departments. There are two
I suits; one affecting myself and Chief
Sullivan of the Fire Department, and
the other brought by the men. Garret
McEnerney had the main case at first,
but the men were not satisfied with the
: delay and retained Dunne & McFyke
to represent them. They have filed a
brief, which I have not read as yet. In
my suit I do not think McEnerney has
filed any response to the appeal. Ihavc
nothing to do with the other cause, and
do not believe that Bee or Harper ever
asked that such an action be taken by
! Mr. Popper. I do not see what they
could gain by it. The case would be
left in the original condition and Brod
; crick would not recognize their claims
j for extra salary unless the Supreme
Court finally passed favorably on the
case. There is a mistake somewhere,
but I do not know where it came from."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clippm& Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Rates Are Cut
jTo Bed rock. Call at I new ticket office
of the Santa Fe route at 62$ Market st. vi>ry
low rates to all Eastern cities. It will pay
you to investigate.
• — •— • —
I "Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Synip"
; Has been used over fifty years by millions of
j mothers for their children while Teething with
I perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
! the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic reg
| ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
| Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
; other causes. For sal* by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and nsk for Or*.
Wlnsiow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
COROXADO-Atmosphere is perfectly dry
*oft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
et*, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronade. $60: longer stay.
J2 H per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery si.
S. F.. or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coror.ado, Coronado, Cal.
t- EX f^ RI .ENCE IS THE BEST TEACHER.
Lse Ackers English Remedy In any case of
courns, colds or croup. should it fail to »lv»
Immediate relief money refunded. At No Per
centage Pharmacy. - -CAMP MERRITT IS CONDEMNED.
ONE of the most important events
recently occurring in local
military circles is the con
d"innation of Camp Merritt as a
camping place by Colonel J. V.
D. Mlddleton, acting chief sur
geon of the Philippine expeditionary
forces and chief surgeon of the De
partment of California.
lonel Middleton has carefully in
vestiffated the sanitary conditions of
♦ "amp Merritt, and has embodied his
findings, conclusions and recommenda
tions in his report to Major General
Herriam yesterday, and it is fair to
presume that prompt action will be ta
ken to remedy the evils.
Just what recommendations have
been made Colonel Middleton last
evening declined to state, as the mat
ter can not be mad..- public until action
Is taken by General Merriam. He
Btated, however, that Camp Merritt is
not B tit place for a military camp. It
is exposed to cold and raw winds and
penetrating fogs, causing colds, bron
chitis, rheumatism and pneumonia,
Which are the prevailing complaints.
Fun!;-:::.' re, there is a lack of proper
Bewerage. There are now 180 cases in
the hospital, and it is a difficult matter
to properly attend to patients in a tent
hospital.
It la Intimated that Colonel Middle
ton lias recommended an immediate re
: of the soldiers from Camp Mer
ritt to th.- Presidio, although at the
latter place there Is a lack both of
. water, so it is claimed, but
those interested in the welfare of the
soldiers maintain that room can be
: and that water can soon be sup
by bringing it in pipes from the
Spring Valley system. The Chamber of
Commerce, through President Craig,
has offered to Bewer the Presidio and
BUpply it with fresh water in sevfen
days if the necessary expenditure is
provided for and authority is given for
the work to be done. Such is the sub
n sent to President
McXii
ntana Regiment and 300
imp Merritt at 8 o'clock
this morning to embark for Manila on
the Pennsylvania, which will be fol-
I by the Rio <le Janeiro on Thurs
■ Ith the First South Dakota Regi
ment.
The transport service has received an
rtani acquisition by the charter
: the big German steamer Scandia,
which arrived here yesterday. She can
carry 1800 tr iops, and h>r speed is thlr
nd one-half knots.
This steamer and the St. Paul, which
arrived from St. Michael last evening,
will be Immediately put in condition for
the transportaton of troops to Manila,
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Officsrs find Men Anxious for
Any Kind of Service for
Their Country.
r.\MP BARRETT, SATHER STA
TION, July 17. re of the Now
York t to 1 ent 'Hroct to the
Phil;; to Hawaii
has raised hop."" in the hearts of tho
b California that they may yet get
away from camp before the war closes.
The entire regiment would hail with joy
orders to go to Honolulu for garrison
duty.
This afternoon the large tent of the
Army Christian Commission was filled
with BOldiera, who enjoyed a line religious
patriotic musical programme given
choir of the First Congregational j
n, led by A. M. Benham. Rev.
9 It. Brown of that church, who
has recently returned from a month's
visit to the Hawaiian Islands, addressed
the men, telling them of 6ome of the
tilings he Haw and beard in the Paradise
of the Pacific. The meeting Monday
evening will be in charge of Rev. A. T.
urn of the Eighth Avenue Metho-
I hureh and his young people.
Company J>, Captain *i. H. Voss, of
Marysvilie, had a dove feast last even
ing." The patriotic citizens of that city
Bent 800 doves to the company. The offl
mesa was rememtx red with a boun
teous supply while the buys each had all
they could eat.
The guard detail to-night consisted of
• in L. E. Lyon, Company H. of Red
ding, officer of the day; Lieutenant F. A.
Merrlott, Company li, Redding, nfflcer
cif the guard, and Lieutenant S. M. Eng
lish, Company D. San Rafael, super offi
cer of the guard.
Hospital Steward Taggart found a sil
ver watch and chain in camp this morn
ing. The owner can have the sajne by
calling on him at the hospital.
The hospital corps has- Beven men to
look after, but there are no serious cases.
CROWDS AT THE PRESIDIO
The Camp of the New Yorkers
• and Camp Miller Are the
Centers of Attraction.
The Presidio proved the military draw-
Ing card yesterday to the citizens of San
Francisco, and from noon until late in tho
Union-street car line was
taxed to its utmost capacity to transport
the crowd. Camp Miller and the First
New JTork Regiment were the chief cen
ters of Interest to those who went out
to the Presidio.
There was nothing of any special inter
mong the troops. Colonel Barber
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 3S.
222-224 BUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday—Tuesday —Wednesday
SARDINES, Imported French,
boneless, % tins. Regularly
2> tin 2 tins :t."»c
OLIVES, Manzanillo. Regularly
20c quart Now 15c
■TOMATOES, extra fancy in glass
jars. Regularly 25c Jar Jar 20c
HEALTH ZWIEBACH, imported.
For invalids and convales-
cents. Regularly 60c 1b...N0w 50c
CHOPPING BOWLS, round, 13
Inches in diameter. Regularly
15n Each 10c
TABLE OIL CLOTH, all colors,
IV4 yards wide. Regularly 20c
yard Now 15c
SWEET WINES, California An-
gelica, Muscatel, Madeira,
Port, Sherry, Tokay. Regu-
larly 50c and 75c bottle
3 bottles $1 OO
FRESH^IIGARS.
Just received shipment
CALLE DB OHO PURITANOS,
:t for X7>v, $4 OO box of 50,
Convincing merit.
Send for July catalogue— mailed free.
Itching Scalp, Falling Hair, Otly Bkln and
Bcalp Diseases treated and permanently cured
by physicians with practical experience at the
JOHN H. WOODBUKY Institute. 127 West
Forty-second St., New York. Consultation free.
Charges moderate.
and Lieutenant Colonel Stacpole being ab
sent Major Chase of the Kirst Battalion
was in command of the New York camp.
Nearly all the officers and men took ad
vantage of the Sunday lull in military
routine to visit the Cliff House and Sutro
Baths. Commencing with this morning
the regular drills will be instituted, and
every evening at 7 o'clock the regiment
A GERMAN TRANSPORT PURCHASED.
The Steamer Scandia Has Come Here at Full Speed From Nagasaki, Japan, to Be
Fitted Out to Carru United States Troops to Manila.
88 Finding It Impossible to secure a sufficient number of suitable transports in San Francisco Uncle Sam has gone Jg
Jg foreign in search of them. The big German steamer Scandia has been brought here in a hurry from Nagasaki, Jg
88 Japan, and she will go out with the next fleet to Manila, 88
Jg In all eighteen vessels have been withdrawn from the coast trade, and some of the steamship lines have been 88
J g crippled in consequence. After a great deal of maneuvering the vessels now being and to be got ready— the Perm- 88
Jg sylvania; City of Rio de Janeiro and St. — were secured, and that almost swept the sea clean of transports. The 88
♦,: steamers now on the way to Manila are: City of Para. City of Sydney, City of Peking. City of Puebla, Australia, 88
88 Zealandia, China, Indiana. Ohio, Morgan City, Colon, Senator, Newport, Valencia and Peru. The vessels now being 88
% got ready are the Pennsylvania and City of Rio de Janeiro, while the St. Paul will be fitted out on her arrival from 88
88 the gold fields. . 88
83 The first. of the transports secured from outside sources, therefore, is the German steamer Scandia, and her 88
88 officers say she can carry ISOO troops. Last year she was chartered as a transport by the Russian Government and 88
88 carried 2000 Russian troops from Odessa to Port Arthur. She came here in ballast- and will probably go to Mare 88
88 Island to-day, where she will be handed over to the Government; or, if the transfer takes place in the bay, her 88
8* polyglot crew will be put aboard an outward-bound steamer and the Scandia will be manned by American engineers, Jg
fi firemen and sailors. At present the big steamer's crew is made up of Germans, Italians, Greeks, French, Arabs, 88
88 Turks, a few Englishmen, Scandinavians and not one American. The 'Arabs and Turks are led by one Hassan 88
Jj Ahamed. All orders are given through him, and what he says is law. They are a motley crowd, some of them 88
88 being as dark as the blackest ; negro and some lighter colored than the Italians. Hassan speaks English fluently JJ
Jg and has been in San Francisco before, having come here on a sailing vessel from Australia. When seen aboard the 83
88 Scandia yesterday. Hassan spoke with pride of his descent from the ancient leaders of the Ishmaelltes. "My real 83
88 home is in Cairo," said he, "but I also have wives in Port Said, Colombo and Aden. When I reach one of those 88
% places I give my wife what money I have earned, and that keeps her until I get back again. I do the same thing 88
83 at each place where I have a wife, and (with a grin) sometimes one wife gets very little. When I get back from 88
83 this trip I expect to have enough to please all of them, that is if I don't take another wife with me from San 83
88 Francisco. Last time I was here I fell in love with a very pretty American girl. She used to live on Telegraph Hill, Jj
Jj and if I can find her, and she is not married, why I may make her Mrs. Hassan Ahamed the fifth." 88
88 The Arabs and Turks were engaged at Port Said to work as coal passers. They turned out to be a very lazy 88
88 set and it was almost Impossible to get any work out of them until Assistant Engineer Krautzer hit on a scheme by 88
88 accident. While talking to them in very forcible German one day he raised his hand while gesticulating and used 88
JJ the words "Mohammed" and "Allah." Immediately the Arabs grabbed the coal baskets and at the same time began 88
♦; praying. They worked from that on with a will, their prayer meanwhile rising at times to a shriek of suppliea- 8*
% mii and at times dying down to a low wail. Whenever they would slacken in their efforts Krautzer would again 83
*i raise his hands and say "Mohammed" and "Allah" and that was sufficient to spur the Arabs to fresh efforts. gj
88 The Scandia was built at Stettin In 1889. She is 4375 tons gross and 2926 net burden. She Is 370 feet 7 inches long, . Jg
88 44 feet 3 inches broad and 26 feet 5 inches deep. She has very powerful engines and although in ballast maintained 88
8$ a speed of 13*£ knots an hour from Nagasaki to San Francisco, covering the distance in sixteen days. The Scandia 83
88 belongs to the Hamburg-American Steamship Company and has been used principally as a freight boat, although Jg
?8 she has first-class passenger accommodations. Two years ago she was in New York and went from there to 83
♦* Genoa. At the latter port she loaded a general cargo for Buenos Ayres and then went back to Genoa. From there 83
JJ she expected to return to Hamburg, but was ordered to Odessa to carry troops for the Russian Government to Port 88
88 Arthur. From Port Arthur she went to Nagasaki, Japan, to load for Hamburg, and just as the crew were figur- 88
JJ ing on once more seeing the home port the captain received a cablegram to go full speed to San Francisco. Her 88
88 speed of 13V6 knots an hour was maintained throughout the voyage on an average consumption of sixty tons of 83
88 coal a day. 88
83 The Scandia will make a splendid transport. She is splendidly ventilated and soldiers can be accommodated on 88
88 the first and second decks. Forward, some of the bunks used by the Russian soldiers are still standing, but will have 88
% to be torn down. They are of the old six-in-a-row pattern that were put in the City of Peking. In every compart- 88
JJ ment where the soldiers were berthed pictures of the Czar and sometimes one of the Czar and Czarina were put up. 88
88 Every one of these was mutilated by the soldiers before they left the ship. In some instances his Majesty had an 88
88 eye put out, in others his head was cut off, while again only a portion of the head was missing. Strange to say 88
83 the head only was mutilated, while the Czarina's picture was not touched at all. The officers of the Scandia are 88
Jg Captain Luneschlop, Chief Engineer Mahler and Purser Muller. jj
«888882888888?S?J^K»^»»?J» nan»s v& v p » 82 s? an v » sB3 8888 83 88 88?3 B*BBBB 82 82 88 8?
will have dress parade. ,_,, 
The New York's camp was pitched bark
some distance from the roadway, and no
one was allowed through UM guard lines
Everj'thing was conducted with perfect
regard for military system and discipline,
and it was the general comment among
the visitors that the camp of the boys
i from the Empire State was more like that
of the regulars than that of any volun
i teer regiment that has yet been here. The
health of the regiment is excellent not a
single soldier being in the hospital, and
the only ailment among the men is a cold.
The officers of the New \ ork Keg. men t
are indignant over the article published
in yesterday's Examiner under the cap
tion of "Where a Pull Was Potent, in
which they are more or less ridiculed be
cause of their high social position and
wealth ami because Colonel Barber ob
jected to having his regiment remain at
Camp Merritt. The officers and men
characterize the Examiner's article as
false and declare that the regiment waa
moved to the Presidio not because of
any pull exercised by Colonel Barber, but
because Burgeon Major Davis of the reei
ment paid he would not be responsible for
the life of any man if the regiment was
kept at Camp Merritt. As it is the regi
ment has not even, so far, had a man
indisposed, while not a single command at
Camp Merritt has escaped several deaths,
except the I'tah' Cavalry.
The Utah Troop of cavalry Is quietly lo
cated in its new camp. Captain Catnc.
who has been his home in Salt Lake
City on a furlough, will return this week.
It seems pretty well determined that the
Utah Troop will be sent to the Tosemite
Valley for duty, and the men are broken
up over the prospect of going back with
out seeing active service.
ORDERS TO START.
Relating to the Troops That Are
to Go on Board the Trans-
port Pennsylvania This
Morning.
The following orders in regard to the
embarkation of troops on the steamer
Pennsylvania this morning were issued
yesterday afternoon from the headquar
ters of Major General Merrlam:
Colonel Harry C. Kessler, First Montana
Volunteers, will take passage with his regi
ment and recruits for the Firet California
Volunteer Infantry on the steamer Pennsyl
vania for Manila, reporting en route to Major
General Elwell 8. Otis at Honolulu, If he be
there, on arrival.
The following-named medical officers, hos
pital stewards and privates of the hospital
corps are, upon recommendation of the chief
Burgeon, assigned to duty with troops about to
take piißßige on the steamer Pennsylvania:
Major S. O. L. Potter, brigade surgeon, U. S.
V. : Major F. J. Adams, surgeon First Mon
tana Volunteers: Assistant Surgeon S. C.
Bntnnlng, First Montana Volunteers: Assist
ant Surgeon Leroy Southmayd, First Montana
Volunteers; hospital stewards of the First
Montana Volunteers— Privates Harry A. Green,
Rudolph Herbst, Warner'Jenningg. Charles C.
Kline, Daniel A. McMellen. Albert D. McNeal,
Oliver N. Nelson, Fred Peterson, Alexander
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
G. Ralston. John K. Stram, Charles Stuart,
Albert B. Tonkin and Hugo A. Wahl of the
hospital corps.
First Lieutenant Truman Cole. First Lieu
tenant Herbert J. Bedwell and Second Lieu
tenant A. 'F. Halpin, Seventh California Vol
unteer Infantry, and the four non-commis
slonrd officers of that regiment, now in charge
of recruits for the First California Volunteer
Infantry, designed to sail In the steamer Perm-
sylvanla, are rellfvpd from that duty and will
rejoin their reslment. Th«. recruits will be
turned over to the commanding officer. First
Montana Volunteer Infantry, who will assign
a like number of offlVers and non-fcmmla
sloned officers of that regiment to have charge
of them during transportation.
Major John I>emerit, additional paymaster.
United States Volunteers, and his authorized
flprk, C. H. Lauman, are assigned to the
steamer Pennsylvania.
The following privates of the First Montana
Reslmcnt, upon recommendation of the chief
WUTgWtUi are transferred to the hospital <'</ri>s:
«'harl"S Btewart Patterson, Company I; Daniel
A. Mc-Mellen, Company G; Warner Jennings,
Company B, and Alexander G. Ralston. Com
pany O.
THE FIRST MONTANA.
Leaves Camp Merritt at 8
O'clock This Morning to Go
Aboard the Pennsylvania.
<$> B&Bfi.
<$> Colonel Kessler of the First Mon- <§>
•$> tanas got his camp equipment <?>
<«> aboard the Pennsylvania yesterday <§>
<$> and at 6 o'clock this morning the <§>
<$> regiment will break camp. <«>
<$> At 8 o'clock the march will be <»
<$> taken up to the Oceanic dock by <$>
■$► way of Point Lobos and Central «§>
<$> avenues, * Post, Market and East •$>
<$> streets. <$>
<$> An order was issued to Colonel <$>
<§> Kessler last evening indicating, it <*>
<$> is believed, that the transports will <$>
<$> not ' reassemble at Honolulu, ■ but <§>
<» will simply coal as they arrive and <»>
<9> hurry on to Manila. <$>
THE RIO JANEIRO.
Will Probably Sail With the
First South Dakota Regi
ment Next Thursday
Afternoon.
The Rio Janeiro will not he In sailing
shape until Wednesday evening. Briga
dier General Otis says that this will delay
the sailing date to Friday, though pos
sibly arrangements can be made to start
on Thursday.
The South Dakotas are all ready to go
aboard. When they have embarked tho
regulation uniform will be Issued to them,
to take the place of the condemned Chi
nese-made goods that they have been
weuring.
DISORDERLY CONDUCT.
The Seventh California Raises a
Disturbance Because the
Men Were Not Allowed
to Go to Church.
The order recently Issued from the
Third Brigade permitting all churclj-going
men to pass the lines on Sundays resulted
in a wholesale reformation through the
brigade. Sunday always saw the camp
nearly cleaned out. Yesterday the boys
of the Seventh California were not al
lowed to join in the exodus and a general
balk resulted.
After retreat the men crowded to th«
sentry and set up a wild howl at bein»
denied their liberty, and finally wound v],
by demanding to see Brigadier General
Otis, but he declined to parley. Lieuten
ant Colonel Schreiber ordered the com
pany officers to drive the men back to
their tents, and after some little trouble
they succeeded in doing so, though not
before the demonstration had assumed
the proportions of a good-sized ruction.
The Christian Commission.
A union mass meeting of all the city
churches was held under the auspices of
the Christian Commission at the associa
tion hall, Muson and Ellis streets, yester
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4TTT^f^~TV4VTVTT4 V+^44 4^~ 4TT4T^4TTTT4TT4T4
♦ * ' .■■•■■-.■'" ■ • '4.
I DR. SANDEN'S SUCCESS! *
♦ '■. . .. . ■ — I — ■ 4
X Nothing That Has Merit Can Be Kept Down. ♦
♦ Some Wonderful Cures. >
: . __ .. :
v The day haa come when merit only +
■♦- >s|~)^gijj»w f can win. If a man claims that he can "^
a. Jzf 1 Ka§T»« cure a weakness or a pain which has T
4. Mf tMmbL existed for years he must back his
■*■ w*23 «lr^ claim with proof. This is the reason for **
+ jL I &&*Bi ®r - eandcn>B great success. He has
4- % jL^ jffitw^ 3 ehown 10,000 testimonials of cures dur- 4.
4- ffli ***"* JaEjK^^aL Jng the past three years. The people 4
"*" ? fyrsbsfiSf l^/Bml'Sti^^ are close at nome and can De seen t0 "♦
+ >^,^^^^^^pffl«B^, prove their assertions. Dr. Sanden's 4
"*" %&syw{f^%ffiffi&iviy Electric Belt Is the most popular cura- 4
"*" w* BHKii/jwfi tlve remedy known to-day. It cures, "♦•
"*" "Hii^f ( mwW and therefore P °P le prefer it to drugs "*"
4- "virJ'l 'Wiir Jor the cheap, trashy, belts sold in drug '*
4- ' ' etores. His book, .
♦ "Three Classes of Men," +
"*" Devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells the cause of early decay in '■+'
♦ young and middle-aged men. He shows how electricity, properly ap- 4
4 plied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. It is free upon ap- 4.
4. ■ plication. A personal call preferred. . .
? D JL\£ J- , SANDEN ' :: * V«OfINDRUGSTORES.V «0flNDRUGST0RES. "l
4. 702 Mtrket Street, Cornir K«rny, San Fr»ncieso. 4
, Office hours,* 8 A. M. to 8 P.M.; Sundays. Dr. : Banden's Electric Belt
"▼" 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 20-tvi 18 : never sold In drug stores "T
4. South Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only 4
7 ton street; Denver. Col.. »31 Sixteenth street:' at our office. '
4- Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street. * : :—:: — : : ■ — — * 4-
f.'-f .> ;♦ 4- :-f.:>.-f.>>:-f«f.'f-f 4-f:-f ♦>.♦.♦:♦;♦.♦>:♦>:♦:♦ 4 4 4 44
day afternoon. Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
pastor of Calvary Presbyterian Church,
delivered a patriotic address, eulogizing
the army and navy over the recently
achieved victories. He pointed out thai
Spain had reached the zenith of its naval
power and the greatness of its posses
sions during the fifteenth century, and
that her motto was "Ne Plus Ultra." He
hoped America would adopt the motto
"Plus Ultra." During .the afternoon Mrs.
J. W. Madden sang the "Star-spangled
Banner" amid great applause and the ser
vices concluded with the singing of "A
War Song," written by Charles S. Green«
,of the Overland Monthly.
Secretary McCoy of the T. M. C. A.
presided at the meeting and stated on be
half of the Army and Navy Christian
Commission, of which he is treasurer, that
the commission's banner, like that of tho
Red Cross, Is now admitted in the army
and navy. He announced also that Charles
A. Glunz and Frank A. Jackson of this
city are expected to arrive at Manila this
week, whore they will carry on the com
mission work.
THE SEVENTH EAGER
TO GO TO THE FRONT
A STRONG PLEA IN FAVOR OF
ITS SELECTION.
Reasons Why the Popular Southern
California Regiment Should Be
Given a Chance to Face
the Foe.
The following communication is self-ex
planatory:
To the Editor of The Calf: It appears
that in the designation of the volunteer
regiments for active service abroad it is
probable that the Seventh California
Regiment, composed of men from all
parts of Southern California, Is to be al
lowed to remain within the borders of
its own State, while preference Is given
to regiments from other States, for al
ready on two occasions when It practic
ally received' its orders when to depart
the orders have been changed and other
organizations were substituted. This re
sult will fall as a great blow upon the
1300 men who quitted their homes to go to
war; but this feeling will be all the more
intensified if they know that the citizens
of their State did nothing to prevent it
and put forth no efforts in their behalf.
It is very evident from the results already
seen that powerful influences are at
work in other States to have as many
of their troops sent to the front as pos
sible, so California must follow the same
course, If only to protect its Just rights.
In every way the Seventh Is a regiment
of which the State may feel proud, and
it can safely be pushed to the front as a
representative organization. In drill and
camp routine it equals the best; there are
in it men representing just as great an ag
gregate of capital as in any other regi
ment sent here; nearly every man left a
business, professional practice or perma
nent employment; the behavior of the
men in and out of camp has been that of
quiet, dignified and gentlemanly soldiers;
they have tried and succeeded in making
themselves and their organization a
credit to the State. This having been their
object, they are now entitled not alone to
the respect of all citizens, but also to the
active work and influence of every man,
who wishes to see our State receive its
proper share of recognition.
Every friend of the National Guard
who desires its success in. the future
should exert himself to see that every
man who enlisted from our militia is
given a chance to do that for which he
volunteered, to go to the scene of war,
otherwise the National Guard of the fu
ture will offer no channel for service to
our country and will be a mere aggrega
tion of socially inclined individuals. If
it was only to satisfy the ambitions and
cravings of the present volunteers in this
country our Government could well af
ford to send every one of them abroad
for the good effect it would have In
furthering speedy enlistments In future
wars. CALIFORNIA.
In Fraise of Our Heroes.
The praises of Dewey, Sampson, Sehley
and Shafter were Bung In a fitting way at
the Hamilton-square Baptist Church last
evening. The Volunteers of Tenness"e
were invited to attend, but they did
not come. After expressing regret at
their failure to be present Rev. W. C.
Jenkins Introduced W. H. Barnes, who
delivered a most eloquent address.
Rev. Mr. Jenkins then spoke. In the
course of his remarks he said: "We are
here to commemorate the victories of the
American army and navy. Glorious have
been their victories, but the glory all be
longs to God. The splendid fleets of the
Spanish no longer float the seas because
rltrht has prevailed, God's cause has been
victorious and we should offer up thinks
glving to him who in his grace has
filled our hearts with courage— courage to
stamp oppression and its kindred evils
from the world forever."
The Montana Boys Entertained
The First Montana Regiment was the
guest of the Pacific Coast Women's Press
Association on Saturday evening when
the members of the regiment were enter
tained in the large tent In their encamp
ment with a varied and delightful pro
gramme furnished by Mrs. Mary E. Hart,
E M. Marks, Maria Freeman Gray, J. K.
Miller, Miss May Miller, Mrs. Abbie B.
Kreha Herbert Williams, Miss Van Pelt
and Miss H. J. Elliott. The enthusiastic
applause of the boys in blue attested
their appreciation of the beauties of the
entertainment furnished for their pleas
ure.
Volunteers vs. Y. M. C. A.
A picked team from the New York Reg
iment of Volunteers and the well-known
Rushers of the Y. M. C. A. will play a
basket-ball contest at the Y. M. C. A.
gymnasium to-morrow evening which
promises to be Interesting. The volun
teers are association members from New
burg, N. V., and have played with some
of the best Eastern teams.
_ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
o o
o o
I CITYOF iI§ PARIS !
q DRY GOODS COMPANY.
I CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT j
q WILL OFFER THIS WEEK ALL OUR
I Imprtfifl Fancy and Tailor-Mafle Costies %
% IN CLOTH,
q ORGANDIE q
O AND PIQUE E
o At Prices Regardless of Cost. I
o ONLY A LIMITED ASSORTMENT.
o o
2 AVAIL YOURSELVES 5
£ OF THIS RARE OPPORTUNITY.
!? Country Orders Carefully and Promptly
° Attended To.
O , O
S CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, i
q Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets.
© UNION SQUARE. O
o o
o o
oo 000 00000000000000000000000000000000
AMUSEMENTS. _
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 532.
MONDAY, JULY IS, THIRD WEEK OP
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In Edwin Milton Royle's Patriotic Drama,
CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE"
Exciting Battle Scenes. Tropical Scenery.
Old Glory and Our Soldier Boys In
Mexico.
Evening Prices 25c and 500
Family Circle and Gallery 10c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr». Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THIS EVENING.
Planquette's Charming Opera
"THE
BELLS OF CORNEVILLE"
GREAT CAST!
NEW SCENERY! CORRECT COSTUMES!
— Last of the comic opera revivals
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT."
Milloecker's melodious work.
Popular prices 25 and 60 cents.
NO telephone. : i • ; -^
AT rA7AD SEATS BY PHONE
ALLAZrAK» Main 254.
TO-NIGHT STARTS THE SECOND AND
FINAL WEEK.
LEU/IS MORRISON
Magnificent Spectacular
"FAUST V
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON In "EAST
LYNNE."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Presenting the great Empire Theater success
"LIBERTY HALL."
A modern comedy by R. C. Carton.
The sweetest story ever told on the stage.
Next Monday— new war drama, "A
GALLANT SURRENDER."
CHUTES AND ZOO !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MIZUNO'S JAPANESE JUGGLERS
And a Great Vaudeville Bill in the FREE
THEATER.
See CANNON, the BIG GUN.
Attractions all over the Grounds.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
AT VMDI 1 Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
I Hill A Great New BUI of Stars. Gibson &
Allen, Comedians; Flossie Nash, Soubrette;
Ordway & Rand, Thrilling Bicyclists; Quazina,
Royce Sisters, Rockwell and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a.m. until 11 p. vs..
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission. 25a: children. 80a.
(__ 111 1 , \^l 1 11' & {vim" W I «/** AtlD-^
' S A // i IrtLU I \ V
Because Ripans Tabules are not to be found
in every drug store, a man who needs them some-
times has to send for them to the manufacturers,
although the druggist will generally get them if
the customer insists. M I would not be without
Ripans Tabules for any money," writes an engi-
neer of the Houston & Texas Central R. R.;
"for every disturbance of the stomach they arc the
best remedy I ever heard of in this world."
AMUSEMENTS.
A BILL OF COMEDY AND NOVELTIES.
VALMORE, the "Instrumental Man":
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR, in
"The Quiet Mr. Gay": GILBERT & GOLDIE
Native Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN, Ec-
centric Dancers; BERT COOT AND JULIE
KINGSLEY, in "Supper for Two"; FLEUR-
ETTE, Terpslchorean Marvel; MRS. ALICE J.
SHAW AND DAUGHTERS; FALKE & SE-
MON, Comedians.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Beware of Imitations
I *
JOHN miNC/N'6 SONS, AstxTS, NEW YORK.
t§l4 Inches
jBPj- FROM THE EYES
m is THE NATURAL reading
■ distance Nearer or further
IS abHor^al and HEEDS investigation
CALL ahd SEE US
OPTICIANS f T^togßA^/
"•*> 642 Market St. o-r-
UNDEfV CHRONICLE BUILDIH6.
\M. T. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AMD ATTORNEY- AT LAV,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SprecJcela Bids.
'HMimßßr- Telephone Brown ML
Rnldsrco, 821 California street. b*to«
Powell, Ban FrancUco.
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
1 75-horse power Roberts boiler, 1 S5-hors«
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
60 wooden boats of all descriptions can be seen
at 718 Third street. GEO. W. KNEAS3.
56
GOLD HUNTERS
RETURN WITH
BIG FORTUNES
St, Paul Arrives With Miners
and Boxes of Dust
and Nuggets.
The St. Paul steamed Into harbor at '
6 o'clock last night with 176 passengers
aboard, a great part of whom wero re
turning fortune-hunters from the Klon- i
dike. The best-authenticated estimate or i
the amount of gold in dust and nugget*
that the miners brought with them
reaches at least $3,000,u00 and possibly ;
$4,000,000. This does not include the seven- !
teen boxes of gold of ISO pounds each that j
were consigned to the Alaska Commorciul
c< ntnany.
Jubilant over their rich strikes scores
of mlrers laden with packages, bags ana
boxes of gold left the ship for what they
called God's own country. Most of them
have been on fortune's heels and have
overtaken the fleet and elusive goddess
at whose shrine they have worshiped
during the last few years. Their appe
tites seem to have grown on what they
fed, and with but few exceptions they
Will return to plunder the frozen earth
of further stores of wealth.
Very few of the, returning miners hay«
6old their claims. They are here to trail?.
form tbdr gold dust Into more portable
Indices of wealth, after which they will ,
again shovel and wash to add to their
present stores.
The batch of gold-extractors suffer from ,
a consuming disease- — reticence. The 10 '
per cent royalty charged on gold by the
Canadian Government is the cause of it
all. Then again those successful men be
long to a society which is solicitous about
the welfare of Its individual members.
The greuter the accretion of population
the higher will be the prices for commodi
ties and the cost of living. Despite the
GOLD GALORE ON THE ST. PAUL.
Ttye H°me-Comiog KJorjdiKers With) Their Store of
h| a rd- Earned Wealth.
painful reticence and the minimizing of
the amount of gold brought out by indi
viduals it Is a doubly assured fact that
the Klondikers on the St. Paul come to
this city with substantial fortunes, rang
ing from a few thousand dollars to $luo,
000 each and more.
The clean-up of the Klondike district
Is estimated at from $10,000,000 to $25,000,000,
■with the chances largely in favor of the
latter figure, as one of the miners says
that when they left St. Michael royalty
had been paid on $20,000,000 of gold. The
Influx of people to the country has been
bo large that all claims as far as they
have been prospected have beim- staked
out, and all of them are paying the own
ers; but those who go into the country
row must either buy claims or make new
discoveries. The only creeks where dust
Is found in paying quantities are: El
Dorado, Bonanza, Dominion. Sulphur and
Hunker, Bear River and bench claims.
Nothing to speak of has been found on
their tributaries.
Tho result of the spring clean-up on
El Dorado and Bonanza creeks, while not
disappointing, luis not been equal to some
of tho extravagant predictions made last
year. On El Dorado only twenty-five
claims have been worked extensively,
while some of those on Bonanza have,
hardly p:'.iu wages. The richest claims on
El Dorado are Including between 7 and
35. Not mai.y above 45 have been worked
during the last season.
The principal claims that are being
•worked on Bonanza are those from 10 to
41, abeve Discovery, and from 1 to 7 be
low. However, there are quite a number
as far below Discovery as ;rr which have
received considerable attention and pay.
Dominion, Sulphur. Bear and Hunker
are said to be fine producers, and the dust
already taken out gives promise of
richer yields to follow. Dominion is
credited with being much richer than at
first reported, ar.d bids fair to be one of
the richest diggings in the country. The
gold taken out proved to be exceptionally
fine. The richest claims are those be
tween the two discovery claims.
On Little Mlnook Creek the clean up
was in excess of early estimates but fell
short on" over two-thirds of the claims
A conservative estimate of the output
taken from the creek is $260,000. Claim 8,
probably the richest, was only worked out
65 feet, and while ex -Governor John H.
McGraw and General E. M. Carr of Seat
tle decline to give figures outsiders es
timate the output at from $30,000 to 140.000.
Claim 9 worked more men and yielded
' about $100,000; numbers 5, 6 and 7 and 10
also had good clearings. All the claims
below Discovery are summer claims, so
the work has just started on them. (Jua.il.
Chapman, Hoosler, Gold Pan and Russian
hnv«> been worked but little; enough, how
ever, that all claim owners refuse to
sell for small amounts, and are preparing
for a full winter's work.
It is said by some that Minook Creek
is putting out gold In large quantities.
but C. F. Jacobs, who owns three claims
on Little Minook. says the larger creek is
reported to bo much better than it really
Is. He sank thirteen holes without get
ting a sign of color, and Is of the opin
ion that the diggings are worthless.
Claims 7, 8 and 9 are tho best on the
crock, and they have done only moder
ately well.
TJie sale of claims is rather slow Just at
present, and this is attributed to the fact
that 10 per cent royalty was placed on
aJI sales by the Canadian Government.
It is expected that sales will be more
rapid in the winter when they begin to be
worked again. The lack or buyers has
not decreased the price in any degree, all
claims beirtg held at large figures.
Probably the most fortunate of the
claim owners of the Klondike this year
are the Stanleys of Seattle and their part
ner, Charles Warden of L»>s Angeles. They
hold 25 and 26 axid a half each of 24 ana
32, on El Dorado. A portion of thoir clean
uj> was 1400 pounds of gold. It was pack
ed into Dawson from the mines on live
horses. Charles , Anderson is the lucky
owner of 2J< on El Dorado. John Lee
took $200,000 from the claim on a lay, and
ho and Anverson together bought a half
of 32 for $150,000. A good clean up was
made on 30. E! Dorxdo. by Chappel, Ale.x
McDonald's partner. It is said that Mc-
Donald is now showing an expert of the
Rothschilds about his property, and it
is generally believed that he intends to
sell out. The report Is also given credence
that "Nigger Jim" Daughtary ha.s dis-,
posed of nisinterests to a London syndi
cate for $1,500,000.
No. 26 above on Bonanza, owned by a
pool of sixteen men, has turned out very
rich.
On El Dorado Nos. 10 and 11, owned re
spectively by John Erlckson and Fr.d
Brusseth of Seattle, have had good clean
.ups.
It was expected that the St. Paul would
bring down at least $7,000,000 in gold, but
the amount only reached between $3,000,000
and $4,000,000. F. J. Hellen. one of the
passengers from Dawson, gives the fol
lowing explanation of the small amount:
"The report reached us that the river
steamer Bella, owned by the Alaska
Transportation Company, was .stuck fast
on a. bar clown the river between Circle
City and Yukon Flatß. All were anxious
to got out with their money early, so
took th<> N. A. T. Company a steamers
Hamilton ar.d P. B. Weare, which con
nected with the Roanoke. which left St.
Michael two days ahe,ad of us. She will j
probably have on board nearly $8,000,000 I
In dust."
It is denied that Miss Emma Kelly, the
reporter, who goes under the name of j
the "Kansas City Star," is married to
"Nigger Jim." The reported marriage Is
false, though Miss Kelly is naid to have
made every effort to capture him. She
i.s now cooking for Jack Gregory, who
owns the Discovery claim on Bircti Creek,
another good one on Mastodon, and is re
ported to be worth a million.
Nearly all of the returned Klondikers
say that those going into the country had
better take the Dyea-Skaguay route from
now on. The river is getting very low,
and boats are already getting stuck on
the bar. Some who are going to return
immediately, however, will take their
chances on" the St. Michael route.
The richest clean-up is that of X. E.
Pickott. His portion is of a varying ra-
U:r«. Some place it at $J<o.ooo, but this lig- |
ure is treated with ridicule by men who
worked on the same creek. They assert
that if Pickott ha-s cleaned up a cent he
has taken out of the earth at least $200.
000. His claim is El Dorado 17, one of the
very richest on that historic creek. If
the" five boxes of gold stacked up in thu
oflice of the Commercial Hotel are any
evidence Pickott, who Is a Canadian, has
certainly been successful.
Fred Berry of much newspaper fame Is
I another of the passengers. Besides return-
I Ing with certificates of deposit represent
ing great wealth he brought down his
meed of nuggets, all in a plain pine box.
Berry's clean-up is estimated in the hun
dred thousands, but he carefully conceals
the exact amount.
One little man. Con Van Alstinc, at
whom the lens fortunate point, stands |
well up in the list. Close on to $l<K).00o
they say he has with him. Van Alstin«., |
In his pugnacious way, refuses to expose
his hand, and so deep has reticence sunk
in his bosom that he even attempts to
conceal his name.
Peter Wyberd. well known in this city,
has returned with about JM.OOO. He owns
claims Ml the Bonanza and El Dorado ana
will return in the spring. According to
his way of reckoning there are millions
on millions to be dug from these creeks
and still enough gold left for a nation.
The Monte Crlsto claims are expected to
develop Into the Mcnest . gold-producing
territory in the Klondike.
Johnny I,!nd. R. Densmore, "Skiff"'
Mitchell. Bill MrPhee and Conrad Dahl,
all of whom returned, with the exception
of Mitchell, have claims on Bonanza ifl
Dorado and Hunkers, which have netted
$2 >') W>.
T. J. Nash, a saloon-keeper of Daw-Jon
hm brought down $25,000 with him. Mrs
H. McArthur, whose husband has a claim
on El Dcredo, Is supposed to have brougnt
down about $40,000 of dust and nu«eu
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
H. Campbell s slated as bringing In about
300 pounds of gold.
A. P. McCella and Martin Woolsted are
rich claim holders and they brought bags
of the shining metal with them. C. B.
Roberts, a saloon man, has a few thous
and dollars that speak for the profits of
liquor in the far-off northern country.
Two women returned, christened
"Whisky Nell" and "Babe." One is sup
posed to have broiight as much as $30,000
with her. the other $20.f)00. They have
been In the Klondike regions but a short
time.
Louis Emkins is said to have sold out
El Dorado No. 7 for $l.? 0,000, all of which he
brought with him. Tommy Blake, also on
El Dorado Creek, brought about $SO,OOO
With him If reports speak the truth.
Blake is noted as a man of great liber
ality, and the way ho scattered gold dust
in St. Michael before the sailing of the
St. I'aul has won him the admiration of
his mining confreres.
D. B. Davison brought down $43,000. He
has been one of the most successful pros
pectors of the Klondike district and un
der very peculiar circumstances. He was
sent to Dawson to represent a number of
capitalists and was accompanied by a
Canadian who was treasurer of the com
pany. Davi.son was deserted by the Can
adian when the food famine struck Daw
son and was thrown on his own resources
without a penny. He worked as a day
laborer for a time until he secured a
grub stake. After staking out several
claims on Bonanza, none of which panned
out, he discovered French gulch. He
! worked his claim for a month, taking out
$30,000. and then sold It for $100,000. Mr.
Davison's richest pan yielded $340 and
; others as much as $250. The largest nug
got he mined was worth $110.
W. E. Burns, the Chicago boy, whose
feet were frozen so badly last November
that they had to be amputated brought
! about $4000 down, thanks to the good
i hearted miners. Burns after his injury
I was unable to work any, but succeeded
In staking out a claim, and together with
some partners owns interests in three or
! four. At Dawson City the miners raised
'. $3000 for the boy .and those on board the
. boat $1000 more. Jack Ales is another un
fortunate on board the boat. Ten days
after he got into the country a tree fell
j on him injuring his bnck In such a «san
! ner that his limbs were paralyzed.
"Buster" Walter, the champion lead dog
of the Yukon, was more delighted at
reaching shore than any other passenger.
His master. C. L. Walters, speaking for
him. said that "Buster" owned several
good claims and would have a little money
to spend in Fresno, his home.
J. H.*Johnson brought down $7000 Miss
Sadie O'Hara $3000. and Miss Locke $°0 -
000. A. L. Smith had about $50,000 and
D. W. Donovan 145.000. C. D. Blodgett.
who is known all over the country as
"Jim." owns Interests in five claims on
the El Dorado and Bonanza creeks, and
confessed to having $10,000 in gold with
him, but his friends think his pile lamer.
"I was the only one on board who had
no gold," said Brigadier General George
M. Randall, "but I am glad to be here.
I have been stationed at St. Michael with
the troops there. Late last month I re
ceived word on the Roanoke that I would
be made a brigadier general of volunters
and ordered to report here. On my arrival
this evening I reported to Washington by
telegraph. I have no idea where I will be
assigned, but it probably be in the East."
The scenes around the hotels which the
Klondikers patronized presented the pic
turesque In several phases. Many of the
miners came down in Klondike outtits.
They were all grizzled and showed the
wear of seasons amid snow and ice that
told of a battle with the elements. There
was little complaining. A silent satisfac
tion seemed to be the tenor of their feel
ings and an expressed intention on every
hand to return in the spring for further
tussles with the cold and hardships of tho
frozen north, where gold abounds and is
ready for the taking.
The passenger list of the steamship St.
Paul is as follows:
From Dav.-son— F. J. Hellen. A. H. Cum
mings, J. M. Yntes, E. H. Foreman. C. E.
Rice. C. L. Rice, John Aslin. J. H. Murphy,
George Kin*?. E. W. Wilson, F. E. Hinkley,
J. A. Oregoire. L. Doscallier, P. Bowser, Fred
Hilt.. Con Getflrt. John Stankey, P. Nelson.
Willfam Jordan, J. A. Ayles, W. M Rolnhart.
I. Wyberd, Con Van Alstlne. Fred Berry. Oil
KdKar. F. Phlscator, A. McConnell, J. 11.
Ooore, J. Olsen, O. Crawford, N. 1... Playfalr,
M. Kniekson. Frank Austin, J. E. Brannan,
M. Morrow, James Langley, A. L. Smith. X.
E. Pickott. Thomas Blake. W. E. Knowles,
W. M. Elliott. D. McCarthy. Alexander Mc-
Donald, Archie McDonald, A. F. Hilderbrand,
A. Larsen, W. Llndtalm, Ram Anderson. 11.
BruFfth, W. G. Mnrrls-tn. A. Pelky. O. Sutro,
K. Halstead. P. Bußseth. Sam Levolr. C. L.
Walter, F. Bonta., R. O. Osgood. J. M. Stroud,
J. W. Thrlplet, J. Denny. Miss Rita Quiner,
O. Savey, D. McKay, ,T. E. Outran. Q. Mc-
Tajrgart, W. J. Burrell, G. W. Ireland, W.
T. Sljarr. C. B. Wiggins. P. Itooney. J. Llll,
R. A. Lamer. E. L. Peacock, J. B. Doreey,
William Byrne, J. O. Kelton, IS. 1... Weaver,
Mrs. H. McArthur, E. Pullen, C. Kelly,
August Randa, L. Stelnbaoh. Henry Martin.
Charles Wlialo. H. A. Sheldon. C. W. John
i>on. C. N. Hanson. H. Trautman. Miss S.
O'Hara, C. D. Blodgett. James Monroe, J.
Donovan C. Dahl. Mrs. Dahl. Dnn Sanderson.
Mr?. H. Helalne. Alma Dandmand, T. J. Nash,
John Pearson. 1... Emklnn. Mrs. M. Duggan,
W. J. Boggar.l. H. B»rryman. 11. Campbell.
F. K. Cleveland, Mrs. Cleveland, Ixnils Meyer,
Martin Woolsted. A. P. McCella. W. C. Bar
rett, Mrs. Barrett. J. G. Logan. Mrs. J. O.
Logan. J. H. Johnson. Mrs. Johnnon. B. R.
Helnes, C. B. Roberts, Mrs. Roberta, John
Doyle, E. I). Townsend. J. Rlgher. Mrs.
Righer. Miss M. M. Lakke. John Wick, J
E. Lathrop, John L.nd. Elmer Ewtnir. A. Zim
merman. A. Fotz. S. W. Milan, J. W. Christ.
Pr. G. W. Mizner. D. B. Davidson. D. T. Will
iams. Joseph Gee, Frank Dlnsmore. W. H.
MrPhee. J. O. Everson. S. S. Sears, Ross Eok
ardt. L. EcUardt.
From St. Michael— Brigadier General G. M.
Randall, Dr. Edle. U. S. A.; J. W. Townes,
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Th» fae-
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
AREYQ ij ; WORNOUf?
THEN TRTT
Sfi&n W fl| B9 t9 REa*^fw9si «W GHjf v^f a; tor ml&l \/aA SM^^^WMSi^gl
|ffl\ fl B| PBy^iffJM W raY |EJB hq. y,i !»¥ f5? P4I K^**- ■
MARIANI WINE — The Famous lonic for Body and Brain.
i ■ . ...
General Sir Evelyn Wood says: Madam wine gives power to the
brain, strength and elasticity to the
muscles and richness to the blood. It is
ff}\ a promotor of good health and longev-
g [ Wj^ A Marlani Wine is endorsed by more
V IW/ji^K 1 than 8000 American physicians. It is
f $fofi*^J?ii'^d®sMi<& • specially indicated for General Debil-
'••■\^\^ |r" i^'* 1 -^y^ WflvswS&J-' ity> Overwork, Profound Depression
V^\!-vl\ fo^ *s%r^ir™ms and Exhaustion, Throat and Lung Dis-
J^^^^^WPvJw^^&feS-*-" eases, Consumption and Malaria.
r^^W^^^W^^^^^ Marianl Wine is invaluable for over-
ttffiw'' *'^^s^ft' ; '^ ;l^^V^^ i worked men, delicate women and sick-
I'% vn %*^^£^r iTS^'v^nK ly children - It; soothes, strengthens
• \\ i' 1 ! :^y^^^^s» and sustains the system, and braces
.. . Wr#?-*v body and brain.
"Regarding the Infantry marching In the re- ' , ,,,, SA »,*^-r
cent maneuvers, It was the best seen during To those who wln kind 'y wrlte to MARI -
my command at Aldershot. Many of Hers AM & CO., 32 West Fifteenth street. New
i availed themselves of the tonic and recon- York City, will be sent, free, book containing
stltuent properties of the well-known Marianl portraits with Indorsements of Emperors, Em-
Wine the most certain as well as the most resgf IMnceSf Cardinals, Archbishops, and
palatable method of inducing resistance to ,
fatigue." From "The London Sketch." other Interesting matter.
•:-■.■•'■■-"■ . -'■^*-'-. ' . '■■::'.■''■■■
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— S3 Mortimer St.; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital St.
A. D. Molnnls, E. Anders, J. La Brack. Mrs.
Thomas R. Hill. J. F. Duffy, D. Richard, F.
Ganonl, .J. O. Kivet. H. A. Thompson, Robert
Pon, Dan Drysdale, Mrs. 11. Turner. Captain
M. C. Ersklne, James Bversole. Thomas Reed.
William Ross, A. Mclwaiu-, J. Maston. F. W.
Paulin, George Curran, W. A. Clark, A. lloff-
Bohnelder, Ed HofTschneider. O. W. Van
Meeker. James Peville, Ottn Knstama.
The vessels in St. Michael harbor July
7 were:
iDateof
| Entry.
Rig. Name. From. Entry.
Steamer.... Roanoke 'Seattle !june27
Barkentine (Genoa jSeattle June 27
U. S. R. C.[Bear | (June 26
Schooner... Arthur B 'San Francisco, July 1
Schooner... | Inca San Francisco July 1
Steamer Grace Dollar. [San Francisco: July 2
Steamer . .iSeattle jJuly 2
Schooner... 'Vine 'Seattle |July 2
Schooner... Novelty Seattle .July 2
Steamer.... 'Portland Victoria July 2
Brig Harriet G Sun Francis. -./July 4
Ship Elwell Port Angeles. ;July 4
St»amer . .ICbas. Nelson. [Seattle iJuly 4
Bark Highland Lt..|Seattle jJuly 4
Schooner... J. M. Coleman'San Franclscoijuly 4
Bteamer....JNatlonal city|Portland July 4
Steamer [Goronne Victoria iJuly 4
Bark Hayd. Brown. (Seattle jJuly 4
Steamer Danube Vancouver — iJuly »
Shi|> \i. E. Wood.. San Franciscol July
Bark Alex McNelll. San Francisco|July 7
Whaler ,Kowhead IJuly 7
The river steamer May West left Daw
son June 19 and arrived at St. Michael
June 2G with 176 passengers. The Alasku.
Commercial Company's steamer Bella left
Dawson June 88 and arrived at St. Michael
July 3 with 225 passengers. The Nortn
American Trading and Transportation
Company's steamer Hamilton left Daw
son June 24 and the P. B. Weare June 25,
arriving at St. Michael July 5. the Ham
ilton in tow of the P. B. Weare, she hav
ing broken her log chains coining down
the river. The Hamilton had 109 passen
gers and the P. B. Weare about seventy
five.
July 11. at 5 a. m., In latitude ."2 degrees
55 minutes, longitude ICO degrees 15 min
utes, passed the Elihu Thompson.
Remembering God.
Rev. "SV. F. McMillen, Western district
secretary of the Congregational Sunday
school and Publishing Company of Chi
cago, occupied Rev. G. C. Adams' pulpit
at the I^rst Congregational Church last
evening zmd addressed a large audience.
"Remembering God" was the particular
subject of his sermon and he spoke of
character as a basis for his subject,
dwelling at length, though very interest
ingly, on the purposes and aims in life
and the eultivatoion of habits by asso
ciation with people of greater experience
than ours. In treating the subject of his
sermon the speaker pointed out that the
four essential points to be considered in
remembering God are: Our physical, in
tellectual, social and religious life.
Died From a Stroke of Apoplexy.
Isaac Pinsonneault, a middle-aged man,
was found lying in an unconscious con
dition about 9 o'clock last evening at the
corner of Davis and Market streets, by
Officers Hinz and Lean, and conveyed to
the Harbor Hospital , where soon after ar
rival he died of internal hemorrhages. The
supposition is that death was caused by
apoplexy. On the body a bank book w;vs
found with JBOO to the credit of the de
ceased in the Hibernia Bank. The body
was conveyed to the Morgue, where an
autopsy will be held to ascertain the act
ual cause of death.
Soldier? Punished.
As a result of court-martials, held at
("amp T.lerritt the last few days Private
Stevens of Company G, First Montana
Regiment, for having disobeyed orders,
was sentenced to two months' hard labor
and to pay a forfeit of $5: Albert 11. Wil
liams of Battery A. California Heavy Ar
tillery, on conviction of desertion, was or
dered dishonorably discharged, to forfeit
all pay and to serve two years at Alca
traz.
Captain Nevills Improving.
Captain W. A. Nevills, w T ho has been
ADVERTISEMENTS. • ;• -
I ' ' " « . ' -.-.. ....•■-■-.- ■■■-•- -,-' ■ - ■ ■ -■--..
i m m^ m The leading authorities Our department for the
■ mmmmm^* who have made women's treatment of all diseases and
j™^™"^™ ailments a life study de- weaknesses of women is un-
r« ii minium clare that our women are der the immediate super-
I'mmma^mm becoming a race of invalids, vision of the most compe-
m^^^ m physically unable to bear the tent, reliable and experienced
l^^^_, stern necessities of every- doctors in the United States;
! day life. This assertion, our remedies, methods and
j M coming from such a reliable appliances are positively su-
Si^™"^™ source, ought to make every perior to all others. This !
•j"^™ 11^^ girl, woman and mother ask statement has been verified
*»■■■"■» themselves : "Am I in dan- by hundreds of women who
iMßona ger of becoming one of came to us suffering with
i '^^ m^ mmmi this army of afflicted women? disease or weakness, and
'^^^^^•Am I as strong physically as are now well and strong.
y ' ■ I should be? Does my Testimonials on file in our
% system need rebuilding?" office. >
j™^™^™" Book for women and Consultation and ad- i
j"^"" 1"™1 "™ symptom blanks free vice free. Thousands of
■i —in i ii ■■ at office or by mall. women cured at homo.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
U 731 Market Street.San Francisco.
jj Hours— B to 12, Ito 5 dally. Ev«ijlnflB 7 to 8. Sundays 9 to 11.
sick for several days at the Palace Hotel,
was reported low yesterday afternoon,
but improved somewhat during the even
ing-, until about midnight the attending
physicians expressed some hopes of his
recovery. His son, W. A. Nevills, Is al
most constantly at his side.
SHOOTING AT SCHUETZEN.
Good Scores Made by Some of the
Crack Marksmen of the State.
Three bodies of marksmen made things
interesting at Sehuetzen Park yesterday —
the California Schuetzen Club, the San
Francisco Turner Sehuetzen and the San
Francisco Grutll Shooting Section. The
day was warm and clear, no breeze at all
interfering, and some good scores were
made.
The California Sehuetzen Club monthly
biillseye shoot will be remembered for some
time by C. J. Walden, who carried off
the gold medal. Following were the scores
in detail:
C. J. Walden. 147; J. Vtschlgr. 159; R. Fink
ing. 219: A. Haumetster, 245; A. Hruss. 2fi!>: A.
Ptrecker, 331; A. M. Bryan. 464; A. JunKblut.
453; J. C. Waller. 620; N. Reubold. 622; D. B.
Faktor. 627; F. Schumann, 671: G. liartelsen.
800; W. Nulden. 840: W. Khrenpfort. 936: A.
Bendel, 1068; L. C. Babin. 1093; C. ERinj?, 1100;
J. Straub, 1119; C. E. Klein. 1243; J. B. Tur
ner. 1259; N. Ilatjc, 180S; A. Gehret. 1319; F.
Schuster. 1330; L. Reubold. 1337; J. F. Robin
son. IMS; J. Riohniuller. 1377; W. rt*chlg. 1447:
Charles Sagehorn, 1474: W. Eekmann, 1">36: C.
P. Waltham. 1561; J. W. Sukk, 1631; R. Langer,
1710; A. Utschlg, 1741; J. Wollmer, 17M; J. C.
In the cadet shooting, C. Woerner came
Muller, 1536; G. Wampel. 1876; J. Worstmann,
1983; C. HaKerup, i2as.
out first, with a score of 937: G. Tam
meyer second, score 516.
In the San Francisco Turner Sehuetzen
bullseye shooting Charles Sagehorn car
ried off the medal. The following scores
were made:
Charles Sajrehorn 662. O. Baumelstex, 659;
R. Finklnjf. 70S: R. I.antrer. 842; Charles Eff
ing, M 3; W. Utschig. 1048; W. Nolden, 1138;
1,. Hrunne, 1218; Lieutenant F. Kummer, 1390;
J. Gassner, 1403; J. Straub, 1919.
Jn the drum corps medal shoot of this
club scores wern tallied in this wise: G.
Kruckel 203, F. Kruckel 230, Ben Jones 3T.2.
< 'harles Ott won first prize in the
monthly bullseye shoot of the San Fran
cisco Grutlis. The match bullseye shoot
of this club for cash prizes will be held
the first Sunday in August. The follow
ing were yesterday's winners:
First prize. Charles Ott; second. A. Gehret;
third, G. R. Hauser: fourth. Ed Kunz; fifth.
G. Appenzeller; sixth. August Studer; seventh,
A. Van Wyll; eighth, Charles Sussll.
STEREOTYPERS' PICNIC.
A Good Time Was Had at Fairfax
Park by the Type-Casters.
The first anniversary picnic of Stereo
typers' I'nion No. 29 of San Francisco
was held at Fairfax yesterday. A fair
sized crowd was present, and the time
was enjoyably spent in games, racing,
dancing and gathering wildflowers. The
affair was under the charge of the follow
ing committees:
Reception committee— Walter Malloy Jr., C.
liishop, James J. Kenny. F. Blaumford, D.
J. Rotors, Thomas Pactham. William Kramer,
Russell McKlnnon, George Ash, Ed Wanda,
James T. Robinson, Hurt Ix>uderhack. C. Don-
Jamin. Charles Hart, Henry Srhutt, C. F.
jHcobson. J. Fitzwlmmons, J. Peters. A. At
tlnirer, .k Maglnnis, Gus Royal, Willis Weaver,
William KrilK, Hugh Heffron, William Loud
erback. Thecdr.re Trautner. W. W Martin E
T. Layne, William P. Kilmer, Edward Gor
man, AuKUst Schutt, Harry Pohlman.
Games— Herbert Callinan (chairman), Fred
Kwahl. John Peters. Abram Carley, Joseph
Moran, James Fltzsimmons, William Krug.
Arrangements— Emtle D. Engrel (chairman)
H. Callinan, William Hill, J. H. Sawyer,
James McCarthy, A. Carley, Walter Malloy
Rr.. Frank Thomas, George F. Hill. John Fll
mer, John Madsen, J. Smith.
Floor— E. T. Layne, John Maglnnls, Abram
Cnrley, C. Bishop, John Peters.
Floor manager— James J. Smith.
Subscribers camping at localities alcng the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending nam.2 and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
««»c SANTA . .
'^^\ CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing In
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens:
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics: water carnivals, etc, THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full Information, rates. Illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles. Cal.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
-"-- OAKLAND,
Wi4Sf?B3Kai 13th and <lefferson sts<
"A&wi'^riX yPalSHffil Only 35 minutes
i^vHtetl rf&mrrifi^ from San Fran "
: JSwf^'^»rP^'.s^i A Desirable Summer
'•H^^SSw^ and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. briare. Prop, and Tourists.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Lake County, Cat,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
nnrlvaied. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco. 416 Pine street. P.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fiat waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table.
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. F.. *8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for <?olcdad.
For terms ■ and free pamphlet , address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
01/1000 noT SPRINGS, Sonom-v Co
■\n uiiliA Onljr 4 4 hours from S. F. and
UIInUUU but 9 miles' staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath ;
In State; swimming and boating; grand moan- i
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout |
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLAS3 !
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from 3. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
terry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $1 a '
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULOREW, Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine tlshlng. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur- '
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for, families because It Is !
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air :
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM- ■
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde- |
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
"""ft REST and HEALTH
QRGHARDSPRINGS
i In the foothills of the Sierra Hnadas, nearCoirai, on C.F.R.B, j
Plain, auict retreat, finest scenery, water, mount air,
fruit, and all the jfSr arnand climate In California.
lc«al ground and soiroondiup,. On R. R., 136 miles rrotnSan Fran.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address: Orchard Spring. Chiasro Part, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine etone dining room; telephone con- '
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices $10.
-;; JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
3. WALLACE SPAULDINQ, Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Frane!»ca j
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting i
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegaa:
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimming ~ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc Table unsurpassed.
Term*, fl» nod 115 per week: $8 and $2 50 per
flay. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated In the heart of the redwoods, four
miles from GlenwoJli, County of Santa Cruz/ '
Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1900 !
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting fishing '
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piinol
etc. Cottages for families.' Stage line 50c' !
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest i
scenery Is to be seen of this and other counties
Address L. PERHACS, Glenwood. "
HOWARD BRU,
Accommodations unsurpassed
... Rat *8 $10 and 12 Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
-Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office. (11
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT>
HOTEL EL : BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS. Sonoma County Open
all year: N. P. K. R.; best boating, fishing
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks drives'
croquet, billiards, etc. excellent table ' Terms
»8.00 to U2.00 a week. PETER SICKELS bro-
prletor. or I. E. TIIAYER. 23 California street.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious limtio: le-
turesque scenery; mountain, walks; D ur»
spring water: beautiful drives: pine groVe"
lawns and gardens. The best ■ cdvantaies for
those who need to obtain comfort, real and
health :. culture In a short time.. Addrei* 8t
Helena 6ac!»arlum. St. Helena. CaC
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Casadero. on stage line
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit," cream ' and
milk; free conveyance, for parties or two or
more; grand .",? wo ? d soenery Address J.
LUTTRINUER. Seavlew. Sonoma County or
apply IS. KRUSE. 207 Front at.; S? F. for par-
ticulara. , v^
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL
Boiiunia, Valley, two hours from S. F. via r'lh-
SI?!, 1 ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tut>
*?*£'* tel com Pl t « | remodeled en* refur-
nished. Water, gas. electric bells. r^itee Jia U
$12 per week, U per day. Address AOUa nit t
ENTK BPRiN*GS. Ar^ £)&*££&,£%£,
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE KOBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINO3.
IRON SPRINO3.
NEW HOTEIi AND COTTAGES.
PAli~> ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
i
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Lob
Gatos; 6 months roundtrlp ticket. $4, or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank, 150x75
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral batha.
Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
EM! SEEK,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST M£NERAI»
springs In America; all .Mnds of amuse-
ments: new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodation*: . rxtam
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlet*.
Ban Francisco office. 816 Montgomery ittraeu.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal. .y.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State: a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda. Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath:
swimming pool; billiards. Fhufffe-board. croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 "5. Stage meet*
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
The Place for f\T) r*\J A DTI IntheFOOT-
RESTand UnbrlAKlJ HILLS of
HEALTH SPRINGS |||x
Plain. Quiet Retreat. Finest Scenery. Water.
Mountain Air. Fruit, and all th«sJTear
Around Climate in California."
loeil grounds and surroundings. On R. R., 136 miles fm S.F.
$8 week. Open all year. send for Booklet.
Addreia Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, C»L
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo Rlrei-,
I hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Bant»
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights-
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and Hshlna;:
finest hall and dining-room In Santa Cra»
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms New
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele^
phone and telegraph service. Round trio. 11.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop .South B*S
Lomond.
;—; — : .
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
cry. Solid comfort.- milk and fruit Liverr
connected. $S week. R. H. BANFILL Prop.
/Lffl 9% No staging to get there,
Afl^flli/I no tog. mosquitoes cr
xX^tilt* winds when you ar«
-there. Table unsurpassed.
■j~ ■"-. ■■' i - Rates CIO. $12. $14 a week.
kT__^-_* ' Round trln tickets $7. W.
NflfitfßlTC L. Mitchell. Manager:
J|/i lllgy L.?d.ng Wen -. AKent - Cau
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 600f feet.
Dally mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOCL»
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer. Plucer Co.. CaL
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS. Ues-
wick, Sisklyou County, Cal.
WJiJJ LU WIV mem go hand la
hand at HOTEL UISELAIAN
Lakeport. Cal. *
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables
fruits, butter, milk and eggs, A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at deDof «7
per week. JOHN P. WINTER. CloverdaleT Call
TO the country we go— We will meet you at
the depot; good accomodatlons: desl-able lo-
S; 1 ™:. terms "I children $3 50. E. M SHEL-
FORD. Pleasant View ranch. Cloverdale. Cal.
DR.MCNDLTY.
Tpnw v.Kr.r. kxowx ani> rkliabi v o: o
"rPdS'rfSSif 11^: Send for
"* lv"-0 so ,?,« «^rj tD \ rt>R ? onabl °- Hours. 9 to 3
f »oxt^»: n«K<n,TT. ■ to
26^ HEABKY STREET, BAN FRANCISCO, CAIi
Baja California
DAMI AN A BITTERSKNOCKED
DOWN BY A
POLICEMAN
Officer Greenan in
Serious Trouble.
MRS. NELSON HIS ACCUSER
CLAIMS HE ASSAULTED HER
WITHOUT CAUSE.
The Offending Patrolman Will Have
a Chance to Explain His Con
duct Before the Com
missioners.
Mrs Nelson, who conducts a saloon at
ißOin street, claims she was brutally
Ited by Policeman Frank Greenan
about 10 o'clock Saturday r.ight. Last
evening she visited police headquarters
and jr. ferred charges against the officer.
rdlng to her story Greenan ar
>t woman named Ella Stanford and
started with her for th. patrol
box, intending; to send In a call for the
■ When In front of Mrs. Nelson's
n the Stanford woman refused to go
irther and in the Btruggle that fol
lowed, she claims, the policeman threw
lown. In falling her head struck
against the Baloon window, breaking it.
Alarmed by the .rash Mrs. Nelson rushed
outside and seeing the officer and his
helpless victim, who was lying on the
ralk, she asked him who was re-
Bponsibl'e f"r the dam
For a reply Greenan, Bhe claims, caught
her by the arm and threw her against the
I the building.
He then knocked her down, she alleges,
and in falling her right side was consid
erably bruised by coming in contact with
the sidewalk. As she lay helpless Greenan
turned his attention to the Stanforu
woman and succeeded in dragging her to
the patrol box. After the wagon arrived
iced her in It and had her taken to
the City Prison, where she was charged
with vagrancy.
yesterday morning Creenan, according
to Mrs. Nelson's statement. \ 'sited hei
and asked her what she meant
by Interfering with him In the discharge
of hi.«- duti< b, as he boastfully put It.
■"I did noi with you, answered
Mrs, Nelson. "Either you or the woman
whom you had under arrest broke the
window arid I want the damage repaired."
"You have a son in Ban Quentin, haven't
you?" inquired the policeman with a grin.
' try to bluff me or you will find
yourself in trouble."
Mrs. Nelson Indignantly denied that hor
son was an Inmate of the penitentiary and
df-rtvd Greenan to prove it.
"You're a — liar." declared the police
man with a show of anger. "I know he
i~ doing time across the bay. which per
- the best place for him.'
F< urine further violence at the hands
of the officer Mrs. Nelson left him, after
th: is. toning to bring him before the Po
llce Commissioners. After listening to
her story last evening Captain Spillane ax
dei ided to prefer charges of un
ofHccrlike conduct against Greenan.
PASTOR PALMER RESIGNS.
Brooklyn Presbyterian Church Will
Be Looking for His Successor.
OAKLAND, July 17.— Rev. S. S. Palmer,
pastor of the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, presented his resignation to th*
church this morning. This action comes
as an entire surprise, as he has refused
two calls In the past year and it was be
lieved that he would remain with his
present charge indefinitely. But it seems
no i to be. About a year ago Mr. Palmer
received a call from Springfield, Ohio, but
after considering it he decided to re
main here. Six months later came a very
fluttering call to accept a pastorate in
Honolulu. As the salary was much larger
than he was receiving It was thought tnat
he would accept, but he did not. The call
vhiri he has agreed to accept comes from
the Broad-street Church of Columbus,
Ohio, a comparatively new organization,
having been in existence only ten years.
It is tn.«!<rstood That the salary offered in
less tliar. he Is receiving here.
Mr. Palmer came to Oakland five year*
ago to a church rent with dissension and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6, 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUB AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomn^h.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costivoness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed 1 Bleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
' THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES, Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
EEECIIAJTS PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure hick lleadnclie. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hare the
LARGEST SALE '
•f any Patent Mcillclne In tlie Worldt
25c. at all Drug Store"
VICTORY AND SANTIAGO
are both ours, and we would like to
cheer our gallant soldiers on th" field.
In our laundry work we strive just as
nard to achieve victory over all com-
petition by doing the finest work in this
line that can be accomplished, and the
beauty of your linen, madras or negli-
gee shirts, duck, linen and crash suits
laundered here are beyond competition.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone ■
§outh 42Q.
has united all of its forces, built It up
spiritually and financially and leaves wltn
the good Wi.. and sympathy of every
member. The church he goes to is said
to be in a similar condition to what tho
Brooklyn church was five years ago, with
the addition of  a heavy mortgage. Mr.
Palmer It Is believed. Is influenced to ac
cept this call by a desire to assist In uni
fy.ng the organization. Then. too. his
aged mother liv there and is anxious for
h" 2$ J? presence In. her declining years.
VI JTi L parents also live near there, so
\\LV \ i BUnon X fiends. Mr. Palmer ex
new fie?d ' ea OUt Se P ember 1 for hi»
SOLDIERS AT CHTJBCH.
Listen to Sermons and Reports of the
Christian Endeavor Convention.
&££%£?£' July 17 - A quartet of sol-
Infanfrv * ° mpany B ' El * hth California
the et?n,n Urn ' shed SOme fine muslc for
PrLhv?" r 8 ervlces of the Brooklyn
Sto ■ i™ ehc hu eh thls evening. The
1 naHot. 1 6•S- S - Palmer . Preached a
Good SnM,™ 10 . 1 ? on "Endure -Hardness as
Good Soldiers." and was listened to by a
rS 11 cIe II n UU t I 1! Iber1 ber ?f? f the Boldler b0 >' 3 of the
The rhr OHO H ln camp at Bather station.
EitrhP, n £ an ♦ Endeavor Society of the
at tl « i^™ as largely represented
nicht to £ nth ' avenue Baptist Church to
who «?t J a T a th re K ort of the delegates
who attended , the State Convention in
am! di "? eles last month. The business
and various J sessions of the gathering
were reported, after which Captain Waite.
tne church treasurer, gave his impressions
or the young people's gathering, as viewed
by one not a member.
♦v, V a' E/'r,E /'r, - Chapman, superintendent c£.
the Anti-Saloon League for the Pacific
Coast, delivered a stirring and patriotic
appeal in the First Presbyterian Church
this morning, which won many friends
1 for his work.
Rev. Charles R. Brown of the First Con
gregational Church presented the plans
of the Christian Commission of the army
and navy to his congregation to-night.
The National Council" was his evening
subject.
Elder James M. Wishart occupied the
pulpit of the Central Christian Church
to-night, recently vacated by Rev. F. H.
I Sawyer, and spoke on "The Church Chris
tian Endeavorer."
; Rev. Payson J. L. Young, State mission
j ary of the English Lutheran Church Is
supplying the church here in the absence
of Rev. J. E. Bushnell, and spoke to
night on the unioue subject, "The King
Who Took a Bath."
Business Before the City Council.
OAKLAND, July 17.— The City Council
will meet to-morrow evening and act upon
i the proposed liquor license reduction or
dinance, the prohibitive cigarette ordi
nance an the application of the Lake Mer
ritt Sanitary Improvement Club for the
dredging of Lake Merritt and changing of
the city s sewer system so that it may not
befoul the lake. It Is believed that Coun
cilman Woodward has the deciding vote
on the first ordinance. The second may
depend largely upon the first, although
j the author of it could cause it to become
I a law by voting with those who could kill
I the first-named with Woodward's vote.
There seems little doubt that prompt ac
tion will be taken in the Lake Merritt
proposition.
Salvation Camp-Meeting.
OAKLAND, July 17.— Three thousand
j people cheered the Cuban flag this after
noon at Trestle Glen while the band
played "The Star Spangled Banner."
From the same number of throats ascend
ed cheers when the flag of the late Ha
waiian republic was displayed, to the ac
* companiment of "Yankee Doodle."
The annual State camp-meeting of the
Salvation Army, which has been in ses-
I sion for three weeks, held Its closing ex
ercises at Trestle Glen to-day. This af
; ternoon there was a carnival of nations,
. and it proved to be one of the most pa
triotic demonstrations ever seen In this
city.
Indulged in a Free Fight.
OAKLAND, July 17.— Policemen Pardee
and Kyte arrested George O'Brien and
! William Rogers early this morning and
lodged them in the City Prison on a
charge of drunkenness and disturbing the
peace. The trouble occurred when the
Market street crowd met the Center
street fellows. A free fight ensued but
so far as known no blood was shed. The
police scared the gathering away, but the
two named were overhauled and locked
up.
Curtis Fell From a Train. -■ -
OAKLAND, July Richard Curtis of
San Francisco, who spent yesterday at
Mare Island Navy Yard in a vain attempt
to secure a position aboard of a man-of
war. is in the Receiving Hospital, where
he will remain for the next month or
more. On the way home last evening he
i fell from the train at Vallejo Junction
and broke his thigh, his nose and blacked
I his eyes. He was brought here and taken
to the Receiving Hospital about 10 o'clock.
Johnson May Survive Morphine.
OAKLAND, July 17.— A man named
'■ Johnson applied at the Receiving Hospi
tal about 11 o'clock this morning for
treatment for morphine poison. He claim
ed to be a resident of San Francisco, but
nothing further could be learned of him.
>He is conscious to-night and that is
about all. Every effort is being made to
ke< p the man awake until antidotes over
j come the poison.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. July 17.— The Berkeley
Pardee Club will hold a meeting to-mor
row night at S o'clock In Golden Sheaf
Hall, Speeches will be made by several
prominent Republicans.
The Rev. Dr. Forbes, pastor of the
Congregational Church In Santa Barbara.
occupied the pulpit of the First Congre
gational Church on Dana street this
■ morning. His sermon was devoted to
i showing that the great names in the his
i tory of American statesmanship would
i go down to future ages as the names of
the great prophets of Israel have done
in the history of Christianity.
President J. W. Richards of the Board
of Trustees, who originated the plan of
] purchasing a stand of colors for the new
ferryboat by public subscription from the
residents of" Berkeley, has heard that the
now steamer after all is likely to be
named the San Francisco. President
Richards will assure himself that the
rumor is incorrect before proceeding any
further in the matter.
Has Not Disappeared.
ALAMEDA, July 17.— The sensational
Btory In a morning paper about the al- I
leged disappearance of Patrick Keefe. tn«
milkman, whose woes have taken up so
much space in the press for the past six
months is absolutely without foundation, j
As already statr-d in this paper he sole* |
hifi milk route and told a neighbor he was
Koine to commit suicide. The neighbor
encouraged him to do it as the best thing
possible under the circumstances. Ever
since he has been trying to carry out his
plan by drinking nil the bad whisky In
town and ran be seen every day in an
intoxicated condition about town. lie has
not yet disappeared.
THEY PLAYED HANDBALL
Lovers of Indoor Sports Enjoyed a
Day in Ryan's Court.
Indoor fcttletes, devotees of the agile j
gnmo, were on hand at Phil Ryan's :
court' 858 Howard street, early yesterday j
forenoon to sprint about and win points
against their adversaries at the popular
cam« of handball.
a he following were the scores:
F Curley and M. McClnre defeated J. Collins
and G. Haw*. Bcire: 21-15, 14-21 21-19
U Murph" and J. Collins defeated J. White
andO MaKUir*. Biore: 21 -it. 18-21 21 -17.
i, (YBrfen and K. Joyce defeated M. Mnn
nli)K and .1. Orlffln. Score: 21-18. 16-21. 21-lj.
T F Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated J.
RJonUn and R. Lln-han. Beort: 21—17. 13 — 21.
21 p l0 Hut<hinson and P. Rynn defeated J. Liw
le BS nnd J. Leonard. Score: 21— 15. 17—21.
21 D 18 nodKerß and M. McNeil defeated Q Mc-
Donald nnd W. Mannlon. Score: 21-18. 16-21.
"i^* Waterman and E. McDonouf?h defeated
D.X Shrehnn and K. Lynch. Score: 21-13,
T. Foley defeated M. Bosch
arid M Joyce. Score: 21— 1C. 17-21. 21-18
A. Johnson and G. Hutchlnson defeated P.
Kelly and M. Dillon. Score: 21-12. 1(5-21. 21—17.
RIGO'S DIVORCE SUIT
ENRAGES THE GYPSIES
During the Hearing of the Case a
Crowd of Them Attempt to
Mob the Fiddler.
I ONDON, July 18.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says: Since
the birth of her son the former Princess
of Caraman and Chimay, who is in Buda
pest with Rigo. has been steadily gain-
Rut strength. On hearing that Rigo's di
vorce action was to begin at Kaposvar
yesterday (Saturday) the court was
thrnrec d with gypsies, who tried to mob
Rico g He declares his intention of mar
rying the ex-Princess as soon as he has
s'btaTned his divorce from Mine. Rigo.
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
ALL EAGER TO
SEE CERVERA
Curious Visitors Flock to
Annapolis.
ADMIRAL ATTENDS CHURCH
NEARLY ALL THE PRISONERS
AT WORSHIP.
Give Thanks for Deliverance Prom
the Fate of Their Comrades
Who Fell Before the
Americans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., July 17.—Mary
land's ancient capital was crowded to
day with curiosity seekers who came
from Baltimore, Washington and else
where by rail and by water In the
hope of getting a peep at Admiral
Cervera and the men who fought and
lost In the great naval fight off San
tiago. Those who reached here early
in the morning were rewarded for their
trouble, as nearly all the prisoners,
including the admiral, attended diviaa
services at St. Mary's Roman Catholic
Church, where they offered up thanks
for their deliverance from the fate
that overtook so many of their com
rades who fell before the fire of the
American guns. The church, which is
the only one of the Catholic denomina
tion in Annapolis, is one of the land
marks of the city and embraces in its
membership some of the most promi
nent and wealthy of Annapolis' people.
It is conducted by the Redemptorist
Brothers, is a handsome structure and
is thought to possess one of the hand
somest interiors of any religious edi
fice in the State. This morning's ser
vices were conducted by Brother John,
one of the most prominent of the
Order of Redemptorists, in the pres
ence of a congregation which taxed
the edifice to its utmost. Probably no
service held within its walls for many
years possessed so great an interest or
made a more profound impression up
on those who attended it.
At the close of the services the offi
cers returned to the Naval Academy
and spent the balance of the day in
strolling about the grounds or loung
ing on the broad piazzas which sur
round most of the buildings in which
the prisoners are quartered. They are
rapidly becoming accustomed to their
surroundings and seem cheerful and
contented. Ample provision has been
made for their comfort, their food is
plentiful and of the best quality, and
clothes will be provided for such as
will accept.
Captain Eulate of the Vlzcaya is the
only one of the officers who has thus
far refused to sign the parole pledge.
His reasons for it are that Admiral
Cervera was only required to give a
verbal promise and that his (Eulate's)
rank entitles him to the same privi
lege. The authorities here have no
doubt that the matter will be amicably
arranged and that the scruples of the
gallant officer may be overcome.
PACIFICS LOSE THE
THIRD CUP MATCH
ALAMEDA BATSMEN WIN AN
EASY VICTORY.
Record Cricket Score of the Pacific
Coast Was Made Yesterday at
Golden Gate.
The third cup match of the season be
tween the A lamed a and Pacific Cricket
Clubs, began on Sunday, July 10, at the
Golden Gate grounds, was continued yes
terday on the same ground. The Pacillc
team had made 76 runs in their first in
ning, and the Alamedas had compiled
a score of 301 for four wickets. I. 11.
Spiro and J. H. Saunders, the not out
men of the Alamodas were caught for
22 and 40 respectively, J. J. R. Peel made
48. and the Alameda Inning closed for
424 runs, the highest score ever made In
one inning on this coast.
The Pacifies then went to the bat, mi
nus Dickenson, their strongest batsman.
They wore all out for 90 runs, bringing
their total score for both innings up to
166 runs. The Alamedas thus won the
match by an inning and 258 runs. Of the
throe cup matches so far played the Ala
medas have won two and drawn one. The
full results are appended.
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
FIRST INKING.
R B. Hogue c G. Theobald b. Wallace 107
0. B. Witt <•• and b. McLean 146
J. J. Moriarty c. Bvwell b. Musson 17
K. V. Croll 1. b. w. b. Sewell 16
1. H. Spiro c. G. Theobald b. Harbour 22
J. H. Saunden c. Van Orden b. Sewell 40
E. Bird b. Wullace 5
J J R. Pee! c. and b. Sewell 48
V. Seebeck b. Sewell 10
F. C. Drlffleld not out 1
C. Banner b. Sewell 0
Extras 12
Total 424
Runs at fall of each wicket: 1 for 204, 2 for
230 3 for 209, 4 for 301. fi for 323. 6 for 336, 7 for
411, 8 for 41G. 9 for 424. 10 for 424.
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler — Balls. Runs. ena. ets. runs.
Dlckenßon 30 24 1 0
Sewell HI 143 0 5 28 3-5
Hill 48 63 0 0
Wallace 150 78 0 2 39
Musson 24 33 0 1 24
McLean 13 17 0 1 17
Harbour 52 33 1 1 33
Townsley 30 21 1 0
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
SECOND INNING.
H P. Gordon b. Peel 3
F. Sewell b. Peel G
G. Theobald c Wise 1.. Saunders 19
E F Musson b. L>rlf field 3
C. P. Colep b. Bird 9
J H Harbour c. Hogue b. Bird 19
T W G Wallace o. Hogue b. Drlf field 10
C. B. Hill b. Drlffleld 2
C. Townsley not out 5
G. Van Norden b. Drlffleld 0
J. McLean did not bat
1 wide, 14 byes 15
Total second Inning !K)
Total first Inning 76
Grand total IC6
Runs at fall of each wicket: 1 for 9, 2 for
28, 3 for 37, 4 for f.7. a for 67, 6 for 68, 7 for 78,
8 for 82, 9 for 90, 10 for 90.
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler — Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
Drlffleld 6G 21 4 4 G%
Peol 42 U 2 2 7M>
Bird 30 14 0 2 7
Saunders 30 19 0 1 19
Croll 18 5 0 0
Lost Part of His Nos9.
SAN RAFAEL.. July 17.— An accident
occurred here this evening by which T.
J. Mahon, brother of Attorney E. B. Ma
hon, will probably be disfigured for life.
Mr Mahon went home this evening, and
as he stepped over the threshold of the
kitchen door, stumbled and fell. A five
gallon coal oil can lay in his path. His
nose struck the edge of the can with such
force as to sever a large part of that
member from his face. The wound bled
profusely and a physician was called
upon to stop the hemorrhage.
Bonds Included in the Special Tax.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— The Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue has held that
in estimating the amount of special tax
required to be paid by a bank, based as
the law requires, on capital and surplus,
the amount invested in United States
bonds is not to be deducted. It is held
that there is no provision of law which
warrants such deduction. Inasmuch as
the tax is not on the bonds but upon the
business of banking, the capital and sur
plus, which may include bonds, is taken
as a basis for fixing the amount of the
tax.
DEATH OF GENERAL
JOHN S. WILLIAMS
Ex-United States Senator and a Hero
of the Mexican and Civil
Wars.
MOUNT STERLING, Ky., July 17.-
General John S. Williams, ex-United
States Sunator and a hero of the Mexican
and civil wars, died at 7 a. m. to-day ai
his home near this city.
"Cerro Gordo" Williams, so nicknamed
on account of his bravery at the battla
of that name in the war with Mexico, has
borne an active part in American his
tory, but for some time past has been
living quietly on his farm near Mount
Sterling. He was born in IS2O in Mont
gomery County. He served in the Mex
ican war with distinction, being first a
captain and later a colonel ana was in
command of the Fourth Kentucky at the
capture of the City of Mexico. In 1850 and
1552 he was a member of the Kentucky
Legislature. He opposed secession, yet he
raised a Confederate regiment and wa»
made a brigadier general, and was under
General Joe Johnston at the surrender.
He was elected United States Senator tn
1574 and served until March 3, 18S5. He
was defeated by Joseph S. C. Blackburn
for the renomination In a memorable con
test.
WOMAN'S DUPLICITY
CAUSES A TRAGEDY
Rancher Quinlan of Fresno Fatally
Stabs the Man Who Wrecked
His Home.
FRESNO. July 17.— Michael Qulnian
was attacked with a knife by Michael
Kelley shortly before noon to-day and
fatally wounded. The stabbing occurred
in Darling's Addition to Fresno and was
the result of Kelley's alleged intimacy
with Mrs. Qiiinlan.
Quinlan, upon entering his house, found
Kelley there with his wife. Quinlan and
Kelley immediately engaged In a desper
ate hand to hand struggle. Kelley hit
Quinlan over the head with a demijohn.
Then Quinlan drew a knife and slashed
his antagonist in the abdomen.
Deputy Sheriff Tilmins placed Quinlan
in custody and he is now in the County
Jail. He expresses no regret over his act
and declares that he should have sought
vengeance long ago. Quinlan and his wife
have not lived happily for some time.
About two years ago he went back to
Ireland. "When he returned he heard
scandalous rumors about his wife, but
could not confirm them until to-day. He
is a rancher and well-to-do. Kelley also
has means.
ONE OF THE ANDOVER
OUTLAWS WOUNDED
Death of the Citizen Who Was Struck
by a Bullet While Giving
the Alarm.
WICHITA. Kas., July 17 .— William
Blakeman, the cltize'n who was shot in
the spine by the bandits who held up and
robbed a St. Louis and San Francisco ex
press train at Andover last night, died to
day. Before holding up the train the ban
dits robbed the station agent at Andovei,
obtaining $40.
Following the hold-up citizens of An
dover exchanged shots with the two rob
bers. One of the robbers was wounded
and his horse was killed. The two men
rode off on one horse. Seven miles south
of Andover they stole a horse and buggy
from a farmer. Officers and citizens ar»
still in pursuit.
KILLED BY A FALL
ON A TROOPSHIP
Professor Beals of the University of
Washington Loses His Life at
Seattle.
SEATTLE, July 17.— Arthur H. Beals,
professor of philosophy in the University
of Washington, fell thirty feet through
an open hatchway on- the steamship Ari
zona this afternoon. He struck on his
head and was Instantly killed. Professor
Beals formerly resided in Boston and has
held many prominent chairs and lecture
ships throughout the South.
The Arizona is a Government transport
vessel and was thronged with visitors to
day. The nominal fee of 10 cents was
charged in aid of the Red Cross Society.
EX-QUEEN OF HAWAII
LEAVES WASHINGTON
After Spending Two Days in San
Francisco She Will Proceed to
Honolulu.
WASHINGTON, July 17. — Ex-Queen
Llliuokalani left here to-day for Hono
lulu. In the suite were her secretary,
Joseph Hellelule, and his wife, who is
lady in waiting to the dethroned Queen.
It is the purpose of the party to remain
In San Francisco only two days.
EXTENSIVE LOSS BY
FIRE AT GRANGEVILLE
Several Business Structures, the
Postofflce, the Town Hall and
a Residence Burned.
HANFORD, July 17.— Fire at Grange
vllle this afternoon destroyed the general
merchandise store of Hlrsohfeld & Co.,
the public hall, the postoffice, the Sun
set Telephone station, the office of the
Last Chance Ditch Company, Ream's
blacksmith shop and the residence of
Mrs. Hayes. The Insurance Is not known.
DEATH OF A MINING MAN.
DUTCH FLAT, July 17.— W. A. Doollt
tle, superintendent of the Alta gold mine
and a well-known mining man, died last
night. He was a member of the Odd Fel
lowb and Masons.
m
Minnesota Philanthropist Dead.
MINNEAPOLIS, July 17.— Georgo Alfred
Pillsbury of the firm of Plllsbury & Co.,
president of the Northwestern Bank and
one of the best-known men in the North
west, died here to-day, aged 82 years. He
leaves a large fortune and his public be
quests in the past have aggregated over
a half million dollars.
Church Divided Against Itseif.
SANTA ROSA, July 17.— One hundred
members of the Christian Church have
withdrawn. They are followers of Rev.
Jay William Hudson, the pastor whom a
majority of the congregation fall to In
dorse.
Drowned in the Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, July 17.-Emil Helgl
son, a deckhand on the steamer Modoc,
was drowned while bathing in the river
this afternoon. Helgison lived in San
Francisco.
Died to Save His Boy.
FORT BRAGG, July 17.— Benjamin Bor
ger was killed by a log train yesterday
evening while attempting to rescue his
little son, who had fallen between two
cars. «
Death at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, July 17.-WilHam P.
Bowen, Superintendent of Mails In this
city, died to-day of a complication of
diseases.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 17. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka, 58; Sacramento, 90; Fresno, 9S; In
dependence, M; Ban Diego, 68; Red Bluff. 9S;
San Francisco. 62; S»n Luis Oblspo, 80; Los
Angeles. SO; Yuma, 102.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
«2; minimum, 60: mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen durlngr the past twen-
ty-four hours over the northwestern portion
of the country. It has fallen over the Upper
Missouri Valley and eastward to the lakes.
An area of low pressure lies over North Da
kota and Minnesota.
The temperature has fallen over Utah and
northward to the British possessions. It has
remained nearly stationary on the Pacific
Slope.
Light showers have occurred In Washington
and Northern Oregon.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Spokane, 28 miles per hour from the
southwest; Idaho Falls) 42, southwest; Eureka,
32, northwest; El Paso, 26, northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July IS.
Northern California— Fair Monday; northerly
winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; souther
ly, changing to westerly, winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
southerly, changing to northwesterly, winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDER.
J"uly, IS9B.
Mo
Moon's Phassa.
©Pull Mooa.
Vi? July 8.
i
./a- Last Quarter.
V& Jnlj 10.
.-% New Moon.
W July 18.
15
2J
i:
SUN) MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. JULY 18.
Sun rises 5:01
Sun sets 7:30
Moon seta 0:00 p. m.
j 6:19
1 5:49
6:19
H W
0:13
0:55
1:44
2:38
— O.i
—O.i
— O.i
\2
1
1
4.i
4.
4:!
5:1
6::
II \
1:!
2:
2:-
3::
10:56
11:33
6:
7
7
8:
O.i
o.;
o.
L.i
7
7
8
9
a:
.I
1.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
doy In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column given the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right ,iand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market stroet, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ct-Ived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign fretlred), IT. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
lacKinaw
rtngehow
lomer
cotla
tarbuck
tate California
anta Rosa
Tacnma «
Departure Bay .'.........
Newport
Humboldt
Panama • ;.
Portland
San Diego
Humboldt
Seattle '
y-»
hilkat
'zarina
Irlstol
(ueen
nescent City..!
.rcata I
rnrth Fork ]
'orm Bay
Comox !
Victoria & Puget Sound!
Crescent City ;
Coos Bay j
nlumbla j
'omona i
'ulton
Humboldt
Newport
Portland I
ban Dleßo !
Portland :
China and Japan
St. Michael
St. Michael
St. Michael |
ly
•ztec I
>eelanaw.. ;....!
illamnok
[umboldt I
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
an Jose Panama July IS, 12 m'pirsS
olumbia ..Portland July 18, 10 am Pier 12
omona San Pieeo.. ..July 18, 11 amlPier 11
rlzaba ...JHumboldt ....|.Tuly 19. 10 amjPier 9
uracao IMexico ]July 19, 10 am;Pler 11
tomer |Newport IJuly 20, 9 amlPier 11
'matllla ..'Vic & Pfrt Rd. IJuly 20, 10 amiPler •>
r ewbur(ir . ,'Humboldt IJuly 20, 9 am | Pier 4
anta RopalPan Dieg0.. ..l July 22. 11 amJPler U
tate of Cal| Portland (July 22. 10 amlPier 12
hilkat ...JHumboMt ....(July 22. oam Pier 13
rcata (Coob Bay tjuly 23, 10 amiPler 13
oos Bay...j Newport iJuly 24. 9am Pier 11
lueen IVlc <fe I'pt Sd. IJuly 23, 10 am Pier 0
forth ForkHumboUlt ■■■■jJuly 26, 9 any Pier 2
t-UII'PIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
■ •'-:»' Sunday, Tuly 17.
Sttnr Orizaba, Parsons, 20 hours (j ~>m Eu
reka.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, 10 days 6 hours from
St Michael.
Stmr Gipsy, Glelow, 20 hours from Monte,
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, ■!!> hours from Port
Los Anpeles.
Ger Btmr Scandla, Lueneschloss. 16 days fm
Nagasaki;
Br ship British Isles, Stott, 64 days frm New
castle, NSW.
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, 29 days from Hono
lulu .
Bktn Geo C Perkins, Maas, 25 days from Ka
hulul.
Schr Bessie .X, . Adler, 23 hours from Fort
Bragg .
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 15 hours frm
Bowens Landing;.
Schr Bella, Smith, 5 days from Siuslaw
River.
Schr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Neptune, Estvold, 2 days from Usal.
Schr A M Campbell, Fridberg, 25 days from
HllO. } .- : :- •--;.; ■ ,
SAILED.
Sunday, July 17.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle.
Ship Roanoke, Thompson, New York.
Bark Ceylon, Calhoun, Seattle.
Schr Roy Somers, Sollund, Grays . Harbor.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Bthlers Point.
Schr Guide, Olsen.
Schr Czar, Hutman, Mazatlan.
Schr Maggie C Russ, Jacobsen, Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— JuIy 17, 10 p. Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles. "_i;~"
SPOKEN.
July 11— 55 N IGO 15 W, passed stmr Ellhu
Thompson, from Astoria for St Michael.
MISCELLANEOUS..
List of vessels In St Michael harbor July 7:
Arrived June 27— Stmr Roanoke and bktn Ge
noa, from Seattle; U S stmr Bear. July 1—
Schr Arthur B, hence July 1; schr Inca, hence
May 22. July 2— Stmr Grace Dollar, hence May
9: stmr Conemagh and schrs Novelty and
Vino from' Seattle; Btmr Portland, from Vic
toria. July 4— Brig Harriet G, hence May 24;
shin Elwell, from Port Anereles; stmr Chas
Nelson and barks Highland Light and Hayden
Brown, from Seattle; schr J M Colman. hence
May 19; Mmr National City, from Portland;
Btmr Goronne, from Victoria. July s—Br5 — Br stmr
Danube, from Vancouver. July 7— Bark Rufus
E Wood, hence May 21; bark Alex McNeil, he
May 29; whaWr Bowhead.
; DOMESTIC PORT.
• PORT ANGELES— July 16— Schr Erie,
for Taku.
PORT TOWNSENP— Arrived July 17— Ship
Yosemlte, hence June 28; bark Fresno, hence
June SO. • . :
NEAH Passed July 17-»Br stmr Bris
tol, from Comox for San Francisco.' ' i
SEATTLE— Arrived July Ship Yosemite,
hence June 28: ship Eclipse, hence July 2.
. EUREKA— Arrived July . 17— Stmr Hueneme,
hence July 15. •: ■
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 17— Haw
ship John Ena, hence July 4; ship Yosemite,
hence June 23 ; barks Fresno and Germanta,
hence June 30. ... ,
FORT o — Arrived July 17— Stmr Se
quoia, hence July 16. ' J ' -i '-■ ..
. FORT ROSS— Arrived July 17— Schr La Chil
ena, hence July 14. ■ ;:-■
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July , Bktn
Tarn o' Shanter, hence July 3; schr Comet, frm
San Pedro;' schr A M Baxter, from Eureka.
TRANSATLANTIC 'STEAMERS. _ r-}
'.QUEENSTOWN— Sal led: July 17— Stmr Aura
nla. ■ from Liverpool for New York. '■ ' , ■'.'.-
I HAVRE— Arrived July 17— Stmr La Touraine,
from New York- ■ I
Auction Bales
i *
WITHOUT RESERVE!
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
AUCTIONEER. 602 MARKET ST.,
WILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION
BOOKS! BOOKS! BOOKS!
At the association rooms, I. O. O. F. build-
Ing, corner of Market and Seventh streets, San
Francisco,
THIS DAY.
MONDAY ..July 18. 189 S.
At 8 o'clock p. m.
And following evenings at same hour until the
entire library is disposed of. , } ■
The remainder of the library, consisting of
about 10,000 volumes of standard literature,
comprising histories, biographies, travels, nat-
ural history, botanical, religious and educa-
tional works, naval and military treatises, the
entire series of San Francisco directories, ISSO-
1597, novels, etc.
Also the fittings and furniture of the library,
etc.
Terms and conditions at sale.
The books can be vfewed and catalogues ob-
tained at the library, at the office of the auc-
tioneer and from JOHN W. ATKINSON,
233 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
y"""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
j£«>«ajfjl 625 KEAKXY ST. Established
■Hi Vififfl! in I*-' s * for the treatment of Private
Eft. Jt^ Wfi Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
jgjMjjßgghaEft < '' seU4iHVVeilr l n 6'O'ibocij - aii(liiiiiidaiid
mmJßßß&tlua kin Diseases. I'hedoctorcureswheti
B^gs'«H«Ew| others fall. Try him. Charges low.
lliiiTiiiiMTffl C'nr«'«arnar»n <«•<•«!. full or write.
Dr. J. 1 . uIBBON. Box 1957, San Francisco.
OCEAN T&AVjSJL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|^ Steamers leave Broadway
fcftw. wharf, San Francisco.
•B^SlNk. lr " r Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
lS^>*tto^s& July •'• l "- 15 ' 20 ' -'"'• 30 - Au U3t
KBL^BngSfa 4. transfer at Seattle.
HpN %ml For Alaskan ports (from
EfIUW^SHI Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
•^<6^^\\ July 17, August 4, 25, transfer
at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
I C). Port Townsend. "Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
1 Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.) 10 a.
: m.. July 5. 10. 15, 20, 25. 30. August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers lor Alaska and Or. N.
I Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
: W For Eureka' (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
' July 1, 7, 13. 19. 25, 31, August 6, and every
sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos, Part Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
j Newport, 9 a. m.. July 4, 8. 12, 16 20, 24. 23.
! August 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
! Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a m., July 2, 6, 10, 14, 18. 22. 26. 30, August 3,
and every fourth day thereafter. . :■■- -,^ -~fi-
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
I Cabo. Maza'tlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
| lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. July 19,
For further Information obtain folder.
' The company reserves the right to change
1 without previous notice steamers. sailing dates
! and hours of palling.
i TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
! street (Palace Hotel).
i GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Asrts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
IKSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folaom-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAQC 812 First Class Including BertH
I Hill. £8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia July 2. 10, 18. 26
State of California July C, 14. 22. 30
St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 16 00 New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
-;■ 630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
French Line to Havre.
■ Company's Pier, (new), 42 North r^rit
River, foot of Morton st. . Travelers <2IJEH>
by this line avoid tooth transit by wl***"!*^w 1 ***"!*^
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
: Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second clr.ss, 116.
! LA BRKTAGNE ..July 23. 10 a, m.
LA GASCOGNE July 30. 10 a. m.
, LABOURGOGNE Aug. 6. 10 a. m.
j LA NORMANDIE Aug. 13. 10 a. m.
! LA CHAMPAGNE Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
' For further particulars apply to
: COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, 160;
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin— Rome, $-12 50; Furnessia, $37 50-
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome, $25 50; Furnessia.
: $24 50; other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents, 7
Bowling Green, New York; or J. F. FUGAZI,
6 Montgomery St.; or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
Montgomery st. ; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
®NSPHB£!S|t The S. S. MARIPOSA :
lf"JSslß*r Fri " s vla Honolulu and
l"gg" IIJ Auckland for Sydney
■ .. — ~^ Wednesday, August 10,
Cisgr^ I ' \at2 p. m . •
St^rnsh'O-' Line to COOLGAR-
Cy^li'd'iu.. DIE. Australia, and
(OfflD()l2£k CAPE TOWN, South
«v»- \vil.j7gifcq Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR 0. S. WAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat..
9:45 a, m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. .m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241.
BAILEOAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FJiANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Da> Pullman Palace Sleeping Car* |
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on vnc Following Time i
(Leave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.P.B.
•Arrive Denver 8:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive St. Louts 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago .9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
jßervo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
. able Rates.
you WILL BE COMFQWTARLr'
If You Travel on the Santa Po.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— S2B MARKET ST.
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520. '
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office- 231 J Street.
Sen Joss Office— 7 Wejt Saata Clara £L
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May L 189 S.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. *8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1*1:45,; 3:20. 4:00. 8:15. •5:03.
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael .on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and , Sundays at 11. -a* ;
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:00.
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. '1:45, *2:30. »4:oa
6:30, 6:45 p. m. : >
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
 THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero I and ! way ' sta'ns.
8:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ; ex.)— Tomales and
.r»w.* way stations. ':■■■:■■■■■ v" . : , •.■; - :•■<—.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. I
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns. '
AUCTION SALE!
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY JULY 19,1898,
i £^ At 11 a. m. _^
By Order of THOS. BROWN. Esq.,
! At Salesyard, Cor. Market St. & Van Ness Ay., S.F.
30 HEAD— 3O
Of well-bred ROAD and CARRIAGE HORSE 3
SIRED BY
DEXTER PRINCE, JAMES MADISON,
CUPID, NEPHWOOD
And other STANDARD SIRES, and out of
STANDARD and other well-bred marcs.
Catalogue now ready. Horses at yard
July 15.
i Sale Positive and Without Reserve.
EILLIP & CO., Live Stock Auctioneers,
II Montgomery St., S. F., Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUTH i: UN PACIFIC COM FA NT.
(PACIFIC SITSTRM.)
Xrtiliiw lei%T* Mitel nrc <liif* to nrrlvtt At
MAN JFIIANCIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street. )
leave — Prom Jult 10, 1838. — ahrivb
•0:OOa Sau Jose and Way Stations... •81S5I
7:«M>.\ BtMiicia, Suisnn nnd Sacramento.. . . 10x45a
7:«Oa MaryETille, Orovlllo and Redding via
Woodland 3545p
7:00 A Rlmira, Vaoaville and Runisey 8:43 p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
.: UalhtOEa ami Santa Rosa 8:15p
Biooa AtlnntioUxprora, Ogden and Kast.. 8«-t!>P
»i:i»a (sun .lose, st.i.'kn.u. Valley Bpring,
lone, Sttcrainento, Mnry»»iili',
Chtco. Tehama and ttu.l llHifT 4tl»r
H-.'.10k Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:liip
•»:30a Milton »7:iap
1»:«m>a New Orleans r.ii)ress. Meroed, Fres- ,
no, Hakerslit-I'l. BanU llnrlmra,
I.oh Angßleii, DeminK, £1 i'aso.
New Orleans and Enst 6t45p
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
M:OOpSaor!«ncnt<> River Steam«re # 0:OOp
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations.. . J»:l3a
2:00p LiTermore, Mendota, Uanford and
Visalia 4:15p
LiTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JIOiISa
4:OOp Martinez, Han Uatiion, Vallejo,
Napn, Calistoga, I'll Verano and
Snnta lioaa 9:15*
4ioop Benicla, VaoaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
Tillo anil .Sncraiiiento 10:40*
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:13 i»
4:80p Stockton and Lodl 1 l»:15p
4:30r Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mi'jnve, Santa Barbara and i.os
'AiiKeles 7i43a
4:30p Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite) and Fresno 12;lSp
4::iOp Mania I'd Koitte. Atlautio Kinress
for Moja»o and Kaat 6543p
0.-OOr Knropciii Mail, Ogden and Kait.... 0:45*
•o:otti- Vnllejo 18:l5p
«:OOp llarmtril*. Nllrg nnd San .lone 7:4.1 a.
J7.-00P Vailejo, Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»:4»p
8:00p OrcKon .Siieriuneuto, Marys-
'Tille, UciMhii,', I'ortlaiul, I'uget
> Sound ami KMt 8:15 a
SAN IiKAMtKO AMI HaYWaBDS LOCAL.
. (Foot of Market Street.) ■
I JHelro>ie, Seminary l'»rk, ( 7:15 a
8:00 a ntdrimjr, Hafant, ZEUS*
iXMJi Sun Lvnnilro.Sonlh San JV ,2
tll-o<U l.ean<lro, Kstodlllo, li'ir.p
)lU:'uom " Lorenzo, Cherry - ji:43p
t3:oop and . 12:13p
3:00p H»TTT*r(l*. (3:43p
7ioop i Runs through to Nilea. 7:43p
J i From Nlles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iiiuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) i
17:45 a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, Santa Ctub
and Principal Way Stations JS:O3p
8:15.1 Newark. trrville, San ton.
Boulder Oreek.Sauta Cruz and Way
Stations :-. SiSOp
*S:ISp Newark, CenterTille, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »1O:5O*
•1:1 Ban J. we. Glen wood & Way Stations 9:20*.
q4;l3p Boulder Creek and Santa Crnz j»i3Qa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from rRiSCISCO — Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11 :00a.m. . |l:00 *2:00 {3:00
•4:00 {5:00 •8:00 p.m.
from OAXUBD— Foot of BrMdwiT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 «I:QQ t2:00 *3:00 {1:00 «5:00 p.M.
" COAST DIVISION (Broad Hang*). ;■■;-
■ (Third and Town^end Stg.)
•7:OOa .San Jose anil Way Stations (New !
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1 :30p
1~::iOa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose, '
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations {B:S3p
»:OOA Nan .logo, Tres Duos, Santa Crux,
• Pacillc GroTe, Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispn. Guadalupe, Surf and ■
Principal Way Stations 4:lOp
IO:4Oa Sail .lose mid Way Stations «BiOOa
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations *Bi33a
•a:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Ullroy, Hollister, Santa Crur.,
Salinas, Monterey aud Pacillc
Grove * *Ioi3oa
•»:3O p San Jose and Way Stations *9:OOa
• l:15p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35*
3::»Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations s::top
«::i«r San Jose and Way Stations 7t3op
t11:45i- San Jose mid Way BUtious 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays exempted, { Sundays only, t Saturdays only
f Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. j ■
TUmtoo Vmm, V—t * Morlwt Ss.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5»
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, U:0O a. m.; 1:30, 1.-M.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ear. Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29. ■
Week I Sun- 189 S. ' Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination, days, f Days. |
7:30 am 5:00 am . Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pro L 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
£:10 pro. 6:00 pml Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:2? pm
f~ Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton, ■
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. ) 7:85 pm| 6:21 pm
7:30 am ' Hop land and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 amf Uklah. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am : I - 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm| " 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pmf 6:00 prn[ Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22
7:30 ami 8:00 am SebastopoT. 110:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gsjr-
Bervllle for SkagKs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullvllle, Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to ■ Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced rates. . ' •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. «60 Market st.. Chronlel* bid?.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June l, IMS. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, Mixed, Passen-
ger. Sunday Sta- Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'pted Dally.
7:20 a m 9:00 a m Stockton 3:45 pml 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 a mllO:15 a m
12:05 pml 7:50 p m Vlsalia | 6:40 a m;i2:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
p. m. dally, at Merced with stages to and
from Pnelllnßs. >t Coulterville, Yosemite, etc.;
also with stage from Hornitos, Maripoja. etc ;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAUALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sauualltu Ferry.)
Leave San Fraucisco, commencing May 1,
1898: -■■ - , ':>>. ■ •-• v
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m. '
Sundays— B:o<V 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
2:80 p. m . ,
Round trip from Mill Valley. 11.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Mirk*
Street, San Francisco. , . :
78
DIVIDED TWO
BIG STAKES
E. V. Sullivan's Dogs De
feat Speedy Rivals.
FINE SPORT AT UNION PARK
WAYFAREK LANDS THE CONSO
LATION STAKE WITH EASE.
Attendants at Ingleside Furnished
With Some Exciting Sport.
Names of the
Winners.
E. V. Sullivan, a well-known coursing
devotee, enjoyed the honor of dividing'
two large Btakea at Union Park yester
day. His entries in the open and conso
lation stakes were in splendid form and
for the first time in months showed their
Old-time speed and endurance. False
Flatterer and Royal Buck went down the
line defeating well-known dog-s with ease
and divided the open stake between them.
Electric and lied of Stone of the same
kennel landed the veteran stake and also
divided the money.
Had Sullivan's Blackatone defeated
Jester he would have finished the stake
hi the fourth round with his four dogs.
Blackstone had a lead on Jester up to
the first turn, but his paw caught In a
hole and he was thrown out of his gait.
Jester then took (he lead and worked the
hare fur many points while Rlackstone,
try as he would, could not get near the
prey.
A better day for coursing and a finer
lot of hares could not have been chosen.
The warm sunshine brought many hun
dreds to the park and belting was brisk.
The hares and hounds were also invig
orated by tin- beautiful weather and ran
with dash and vigor.
The talent had things all their own
way duri!:K the afternoon's running, suf
fering very few upsets. Rnyal Buck con
trlbuted one by defeating Minneapolis at
odds <>f -1 to 1. Lady Blanche b.at Right
Bower at 2 to l and Jester gained a flag
over Mira Monte at the same odds.
In tin- consolation stake the most dis
astrous ups< i ;<> the talent occurred when
Terrona B«ccumbed to Bweet I.ips at odds
of ?• to 1. Mystery created a small sur
prlse by beating Precita. In the course
between Terrona and Sweet Lips the
former showed a gr>-at burst ..f speed to
tan the prey turned back to
Lips, who quickly erased the ad
vantage gained and killed, winning a
somewhat" t!;ky course.
Old Sky! all's defeat of Vanity Fair
broughi joy to the shortenders as the
• ,1 were 5 to 2.
Following is the way the dogs ran:
Btake Set :;■'. round— Pembroke ken-
Syivanus beal B. * S. kennel's Brandy
V. Sullivan'fl False Flatterer beat
>\. Son's Miller's Maid; Al F. Austin's
at Lurk«*y & Rook's Hercules; E.
V. Sullivan's Riackstone beal John Peril's
Pepper; R. E. de B. l>ipez' Minneapolis
beat T. .T Cronln's Magnet; .i<hn Kerrigan's
Linly Blanche beat Bartel Bros.' Border's
Valentine; A J hnson's Lissak beat Pasha
kennel's Arapahoe: H. R. Baldwin's Jester
beat Al 1. Austin's Glenstone; E. V. Sulli
van's Royal Bui-k beat O. S. Sherman's Wait
a Little; E. V. Sullivan's Rl«?ht Bower beat
B E Portal's I-Khtnlng; E. V. Sullivan's Sky
bal] beat Curtis £ S. Hi's Vanity Fair; E. V.
Sullivan's Mira M'>nte beat B. & S. kennel's
Belle ol Bevtlle.
Third ri'Uti'!- False Flatterer ran a bye, Syl
withdrawn; Riackstone beat Douglas;
Royal Buok beat Minneapolis; I>ady Blanche
beat Ripht Bower; Bkyball boat Lissak; Jester
beat Mlra M-nte.
Fourth round— False Flatterer beat Lady
• ; Jester beat Blackstone; Royal Buck
beat Skyball.
Fifth round— False Flatterer beat Jester.
Flr.al— E. V. Sullivan's Royal Buck and
Fii!^ Flatterer divided first and second prizes.
Consolation stske: .«<><• nd round— Pembroke
kennel's Terr' na beat H. ft Baldwin's (grass
hopper; J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips beat J. J.
Edmonds' Morning Glory; J. H. Perißo's Way-
Carer t.e;it J. J. Edmonds' Forget; Thomas Mc-
Eld wney's The Gonsoon boat J. Flynns
Hirks; I-nhusen A I>un^an's I'reclta Olrl beat
E R. Bcott's Pr. Norman: E. R Scott's Mys
tery beat B. ft S. kennel's Beauty Boot.
Third round— Sweet Lips beat Terrona; Way
farer beat Thn Goesooni Mystery beat Precita
Oiri.
Fourth round— Wayfarer beat Sweet Lips;
Mystery ran a bye.
Filial— Wayfarer beat Mystery.
. Veteran stnk<>— E. V. Sullivan's Electric ran
a by*, Bkyn cket not appearing; Bartel Bros.'
- Ruffian beat T. Woods' Arctic; G. A.
Wattnon's Belmont b»at Ryan & Anderson's
Speculation; E. V Sullivan's Bed of Stone
beat .1 Master Glenkirk.
Second round— Electric beat Border Ruffian;
Bed of Stnn- beat Belnvnt.
E. V Sullivan's Electric and Bed of Stone
divided fir^t and second prize*.
AT INGLESIDE.
Perfect weather and one of the host
canls ever run off in the park drew to
Ingieslde yesterday the largest crowd
that has passed through th»- pates this
year. Gladiator proved himself the
champion. Flying Buck was the hot fa
vorite in the long odds book and he lasted
through to the linai. But Gladiator was
then too much for him. At first they ran
an "undecided." But on the second at
tempt Gladiator ran away from the Buck.
It was a <t;iy of hot sport. None warmer
was ever seen on any park in America.
Minerva annexed the non-winner stake
and Minerva was begging at 30 to 1 when
the game began.
It was also a day for the short enders.
Hobson started, the ball rolling by sink-
Ing the Eastern crack, Ida, who ruled
over him at 3 to 2. Tom Bell put out the
2-to-5 favorite Rapid;' Victor beat the
5-to-8 favorite Rosalie; Innisfallen was
despised at 4 to 1, but was an awfully
good "1" against Sky Queen; Tullamore
Bold short at 2 to 1 against Clipper, yet
•won; Swinnerton did the same trick with
Koolawn, and the others were Prince
Hal beat Hotstuff (5 to 3); Gilt Edge beat
Sarcastic (3 to 1); Victor beat Dakota (5
to 3); Monitor beat Sylvia (3 to 1); Victor
beat Glen Chloe (5 to 3); Victor beat
Liberty Bell (2 to I); Hadiwist beat Mlal
mo (5 to 2), and Flying Buck sold over
Gladiator at 5 to 3 In the final.
Victor was the disastrous factor from
the talent's standpoint during the day.
In his every course he sold on the short
end yet he landed In second place to
Minerva. Minerva's victory, too, was a
surprise to the knowing ones. She is only
a puppy, yet she trotted right through
the older ranks in a manner that stamped
her of very high class.
The running in detail w«s as follows:
Non-winner stake— D. Dowst's Sarcastic beat
Derby Kennel's Fireball; F. Murphy's Gilt
Edge beat J. kj Donnell's Las Palmar: J. Bad
dely's Itobson beat Handy & Smith's Ida; I).
Flynn's Tom Bell beat J. McCormlek's Rapid-
Lynch & Maher's Dakota beat J. Kelly's Little
Cripple; Lowe & Thompson's Victor beat C. F.
Brown's Rosalie; Derby Kennel's Mona beat
T: A. Gaffney'B Sir John Arnott: Deckelman &
Panario's Glen Chloe beat D. Kahcr's Bell of
Moscow; Larkey &' Rock's Minerva beat J.
Watson's Miss Skyrocket; Kay * Tram's Innis
fallen beat .1. Watson's Sky Queen: Kay &
Trant's Sylvia beat C. Strehl's Skylark: Gibson
& Moore's Monitor beat McCullogh's Magneto;
T. Cronln's ThornhiU beat Pembroke Kennel's
Wlldflower: G. Smart's Sllkwuod beat Kay &
Trar.t* Chit Chat; A. Hatch's Mattel beat M.
Mlchallk's Ta-m-ra; D. Hoopers L. S. Conley
beat J. McCormick's White wings: J. Farley's
Tullamore bent J. Byrne's Clipper; Larkey &
•Rock's Liberty Hell ran a bye. ■ -
• Second round— Edjje beat Sarcastic; Hob-
Bon beat Tom Bell; Victor beat Dakota; Ulen
Chloe beat Mona: Minerva beat Innlsfallr-n;
Monitor beat Sylvia; Thornhlll beat SUkwood;
L. S. Conley beat Hattel; Liberty Bell beat
TulUimorc
Third round— Hobson beat Gilt Edge; Victor
beat Glen Chloe; Minerva beat Monitor; Thorn
hill beat L. S. Conley; Liberty Hell ran a bye.
Fourth round Minerva beat Hobson; Victor
bent Liberty Bell; Thornhlll ran a bye.
Fifth round— Victor beat Thornhlll; Minerva
ran a bye.
Final — Minerva beat Victor and won the
stake.
Champion — Kay & Trant's Leonora beat
Lowe & Thompson's Sir Willful; D. Shannon's
Bwlnnerton beat D. Hooper's Koolawn; Dillon
& Rellly's Flying Buck beat Kay & Trant's
Crosspatcb; F. Black's Occidental beat Kay
& Trant's Diana; J. Dean's Gladiator beat J.
Sheehnn's Las* o1o 1 Gowrie: J. Dean's Mlalmo
beat O'Connell Bros.' Lot: Boy: Lowe & Thomp
son* Prince Hal beat I. L. Sear's Hot Stuff;
A. Halgh's Hadowist beat Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle.
First round— Swinnerton beat Leonora; Fly«
inff Puck beat Occidental: Gladiator beat
Trlnee Hal; Hadowlst beat Mialino.
Second round— Flying Buck beat Bwlnnerton;
Gladlatnr boat Hadowist.
Final— Gladiator beat Flying Buck and won
the stake.
The Sport at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, July 17.— At least 2500
people were on the grounds to witness
the coursing at Agricultural Park this
afternoon. The sport was good through
out and there was not the slightest com
plaint about the decisions. There wero
two moneys, the twenty-four-dog open
stake and the twelve-dogconsolatlon. In
the first event ABC won. with Fleet
wood second, Stella third and the balance
divided. In the consolation Orpheum Lass
won, with Reliance second and Olympia
third.
BLUE RIBBONS LOST
TO THE LIVELY CRABS
DAUBENBIS PITCHED EXCEL
LENT BALL THROUGHOUT.
The Friscos Gave Another Exhibition
of Miserable Playing and Were
Easily Whitewashed.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The biggest crowd that has turned out
to witness the games at Recreation Park
this season was present at yesterday's
contest.
They came because they supposed a
good contest was to be the programme,
! for the games of late have been heralded
as being almost perfect and they cer
! tainly were up to yesterday.
When one considers that the Frlscos
1 have played about two good games all
season and that these two were the re
sult of providential aid the fact that they
made a serious mistake in expecting them
; to do something beyond themselves Is
quite evident.
They displayed, however, during yes
terday's contest a few new points which
to a "certain extent were surprising, be
cause those present thought that they
had made every conceivable misplay in
previous games.
This was the next disappointment and
we wonder what they will do next.
The Sand Crabs, their opponents and
superiors, what a grand game they did
play. It was right In order with the re
ports sent out and could hardly have been
better.
Be careful to note that the Friscos
made six errors, no runs, one hit and no
base steals. What a glorious record.
SAN FRANCISCO.
An. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Monahan, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Smith, 2 b 4 0 0 0 12 1
Krufr, B. s * 0 0 0 2 3 2 i
Murphy, 1 b 2 o^o 0 12 0 1
1 Dunleavy. c. 1 3 0 10 10 0
Hammond, c 2 0 0 0 3 0 0;
Croll. r. I 2 0 0 0 2 0 0,
Hearty, I. f 3 0 0 0 4 0 1;
Shea, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0,
Totals 27 0 1 0 27 9 6
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mrlntyre, c. f 4 0 0 0 110
Williams, s. f? 5 3 10 13 2
; Fitzgerald. lb 6 110 9 0 0
: Devereaux. 3 b 6 1112 4 1
' Strelb 1. f 5 12 0 10 0
Hurpe. r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0;
i Arrelanes. 2 b 4 0 10 7 0 0>
C. Daubenbis. c 4 0 3 1 4 3 0,
E. Daubenbis, p 4 0 0 0 12 0
Totals 40 6 9 2 27 13 3;'
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 4 10 0 0 10 0 o—6
Pae* hit? 3 12 1 0 10 1 0-9
! San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 o—l j
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Daubenbl*. 0; Shea. 1.
Three-base hit— Williams. Two-base hit— Strelb. !
1 Bases on errors— San Francisco, 8; Santa Cruz, |
5. Bases on balls— San Francisco. 3; Santa ;
Cruz 2 Left on bases— San Francisco. 1: Santa
Cruz. 7. Struck out— By Shea. 1: by Daubenbis.
1. Double play— Mclntyre to Fltzeerald. Wild
pitch— Shea. Time of game— Umpire—
j Charles Sweeney. :
STOCKTON WON.
The San Francisco Athletics
Knocked Out by a Score
of Three to Two.
STOCKTON, Cal.. July 17.— The main
feature of the game here to-day was the
fine catching of Cootz Billings.
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 2 0000001 ft— 3
Base hits 0 00000112—4
Athletics 0 0010100O— 2
Base hits 0 1 0 3 0 1 2 2 I—lo
SUMMARY.
Responsible for rune— Whalen 1. Fitzpatrlck
1. Two-base hits— Muller. Sheehan. Double
play— Smith to Selna. Hit by pitcher— Me-
Lauphlln. Passed balls— Eaper 1. SacrliW
hit— Rice. Left on banes— Stockton 7, Athletics
S. Bases on balls— Off Whalen 1. off Fltzpat
rlck 1. Struck out— By Whalen 1. by Fltzpat
rlck 4. Time of gania- One hour and 42 min
utes. Umpire — J. O'Connell. Scorer— A. 11.
Harlln.
Oaklands Win at Fresno.
FRESNO, July 17.— Sensational catches *
and one-hand stops were the features of }
the game to-day between Oakland and •
Fresno. Oakland's hits came In when a i
hit meant a run. Both Thomas and Mob- l
kiman pitched a steady game. Score: j
OAKLAND. 1
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E. '
Donovan, c. f 5 0 1 0 3 0 1 1
O'Neill, 2 b 5 12 0 2 4 0!
Lar.ge. 3 b 5 1 1 0 2 2 1 (
Sullivan, c 3 0 2 0 3 2 0(
Hurdle, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0)
BUbs 1 b ♦ 0 1 0 10 0 0.
Schmeer, s. s 3 2 2 i 3 3 M
Dean. 1. f 4 0 1 0 4 0 0 ,
Moskiman, p 4 10 0 0 3 0,
Totals 3(5 5 10 1 , 27 14 2 '
FRESNO. ]
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. j
Earley, I. f ■• 4 0 10 3 0 0!
Held, 1 b I 0 1 0 10 0 1 ■
Courtney, s. s 3 0 2 0 2 3 1 '
McCue, c. 1 4 0 2 0 3 0 0:
Moore. 3 b 2 0 0 0 0 3 0!
Francks, 2 b 4 1 2 0 4 3 3
Tawnev, r. f 4 0 10 0 0 1,
Man erlna. c 4 1-0 0 4 4,0;
Thomas, p _4 _0 _1 _0 _1 _* JO ,
Totals 32 2 10 0 27 16 6 j
RUNS BY INNINGS. ;
Oakland • 00021200—5 ,
Baschlts X 1.0 1 2 3 2 0 0-10 ;
Fre«no 0 20000000—2
BasehUs 2 3 0 0 110 2 1-10
SUMMARY. ;
Two-base hits— Courtney 1, Sullivan 1. Sac- \
rifice hits— Courtney. First base on errors-
Fresno 0 Oakland 2. First base on called balls
—Fresno 1. Oakland 5. Left on bases-Fresno
7 Oakland S. Struck out-By Moskiman 2. by
Thomas 4 Hit by pitcher— Double
play^Moore to Francks to Held: Schmeer to
O'NeiTl: Bliss to O'Neill to Bliss. Time «
game— l:4o. Umpire— Dave Cramer. Official
scorer— Al Sunderland.
San Joss Defeated.
SAN JOSE, July 17.— Harvey and his
Sacramento galaxy of ball stars were too
much for the forces under Weston and
McGucken to-day and they went down to
defeat with a 6 to 1 score In one of the
most stubbornly contested games of thu
season. San Jose scored in the first In
ning, but after that was unable to lo
cate the plate. Three thousand people
were In attendance and San Jose cannot
attribute her downfall to lack of encour
agement on the part of the fans. Smith's
umpiring called for unfavorable comment,
many of his decisions causing tumult in
the grand stand. The score:
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
Sacramento 0 1 1 2 1 0 0 1 •— 6
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits— Hughes. Two-base hits —
Stanley. Double plays— Harvey to Lockhead
to Hennessey; Urockhoff to Hanlon. Base on
balls— Snn Jcse 3. Sacramento 1. L"ft on bases
Jc>si> 3. Sacramento 11. Struck out —
Iberg 3, Harvey 13. First base on errors — San
Jose 3. Sacramento 4. Time of game— l:4s. Um
pire— H. Smith. Scorers— Doyle and Webber.
. _♦_ _ - ;
Full of Errors.
SAN RAFAEL, July 17.— The local base
ball team was defeated to-day by the
Altos of San Francisco, the respective
scores being 7 to 10. The game was full
of errors on both sides.
Golden Gates Win.
SANTA ROSA. July 17.-The Golden
Gates of San Francisco defeated the home
teani ie day by a score of 14 to 9.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimminr baths, North Beach.
THE SAN r FR AK CISCO CALL, MOKDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
HELD UP
NEAR THE
CLIFF HOUSE
Unusually Bold Crime
of Three Men.
A STRANGER THEIR VICTIM
DRIVE OFF WITH THE RIG
AFTER TAKING HIS MONiIY.
Dan McCarthy, a Seafaring' San,
Attacked and Robbed
on the Ocean
Beach.
While driving along the beach about
two miles south of the Cliff House yes
terday afternoon Dan McCarthy, a sea
faring man, was attacked by three men
and robbed of $40 and a gold watch.
McCarthy arrived here yesterday morn-
Ing from a cruise in Alaskan waters and
to celebrate the occasion he decided to
hire a horse and buggy and take a spin
to the Cliff House. He first went to
Barney Farley's resort and after having
several drinks drove along the beach ex
pected to meet a friend.
He had gone only a short distance when
he was suddenly confronted by his as
sailants, one of whom pretended to know
him.
While the latter was conversing with
him his companions jumped into the
buggy and struck McCarthy over the
head with some blunt Instrument.
Notwithstanding that he was partially
stunned by the blow McCarthy grappled
with his assailants and endeavored to
force them from the buggy. One of the
men at this juncture struck him a terrific
blow in the jaw, almost knocking him
out. They then dragged him from the
buggy and hurriedly took his valuables.
After robbing him the bold highwaymen
took his rig and drove it for a distance of
several miles, where they abandoned it.
Bruised and bleeding McCarthy several
hours later appeared at police head
quarters and invoked the aid of Captain
Seymour and his men in finding the rob
bers.
After obtaining a description of the men
Seymour had McCarthy taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where his wounds were
dressed by Dr. Well.
In telling his experience to the police
McCarthy *ald he first saw his assailants
when he entered Farley's resort. They
were standing behind some trees, ap
parently bent on mischief. After he left
the saloon they hurriedly walked along
the road leading to the beach. Just as he
reached the end of the road after a slow
drive he was surprised to see the three
men apparently waiting for him.
Thinking that they intended to play
some joke on him. he paid no attention to
them until one of them hailed him after
pretending to know him.
McCarthy is confident that he can iden
tify the men if they are arrested.
EDNA WILL HOLD
WALLACE TROPHY
SAQER'S SLOOP DEFEATS THE
FLAGSHIP EMBLA.
George Miller's Occident, the Pride of
the California Yacht Club, Took
Her First Cruise Yesterday.
As late as last Friday It looked as
though the event Bet down for yesterday
on the programme of the California
Yacht Club, viz., the regatta for the
Wallace trophy, would not come off. But
a race did take place after all yesterday
between E. F. Sager's sloop Edna and E.
N. Walter's sloop Embla, resulting in a
victory for the former yacht. The course
was from the narrow gauge mole to
Presidio Shoal buoy, around that and
thence back to the starting point. It was
a beat out to the buoy, with a good
breeze, on an ebb tide, and a run home.
The sloop Embla crossed the line at
8 minutes and 10 seconds after 1 p. m.,
and the sloop Edna at 11 minutes and 50
seconds past the hour. The Embla made
somewhat the best of the beat, but off the
waterfront took one unnecessary tack,
and on the run back had trouble with her
spinnaker. The Edna came in 8 minutes
and 45 seconds before the Embla, to which
are to be added 3 minutes and 40 seconds
for her later start, making her a winner
by 12 minutes and 25 seconds. Besides
this being slightly the smaller boat, she
would receive a small time allowance
from the Embla. But It was unnecess
sary to calculate this out, though in a
close contest It might make the differ
ence between victory and defeat. C. Lor-
Ing, G. turn Suden and J. Homer acted
as the officials in charge of the regatta.
The Wallace trophy was presented to
the California Yacht Club in 1896 as a
perpetuaT challenge cup by the well
known attorney. W. C. Wallace, at one
time secretary of the club. In 1596 and
1&97 It was won by Admiral E. A. yon
Schmidt's speedy cutter Whirlwind. In
ISW the Embla heat the Edna by 3
minutes actual sailing time, but on time
allowance the Edna beat the Embla 31
seconds. Besides the sloops Edna and
Embla, George Miller's new sloop Occi
dent was out for her first cruise.; she
looks a very smart boat, quick in stays
and handy. When she has erot her spars,
sails and" ballast nil properly adjusted
she should prove a fast sailer and hard to
beat. Other boats of the California fleet
out cruising were: Allen M. Clay's sloop
Sea Fox. Captain Eames' sloop Surf. G.
turn Suden's sloop Reglna, 1... S. Sher
man's sloop Royal, R. R. l'Hommedieu's
sloop Phoenicia, Carl A. Tarnberg's
sloop Mist, the sloops Hope and Flash.
The results of the race are appended:
SUMMARY.
Time.
H. M. 8.
Time.
H. M. S.
Time.
H. M. S.
L .
36.04
34.65
1:0«:10
1:11:50
3:33:45
3:25:00
2:25:35
2:13:10
The Embla Is owned by E. N. Walter
and J. Laughlnnd and was sailed by the
former; the Edna Is owned and was sailed
by E. F. Sager.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Soldiers Contest in Aquatic Sports at
Sutro's Baths.
Music at the Park and Cliff House, sol
diers in aquatic sports at Sutro's Baths
and various features at the Chutes, af
forded thousands an opportunity to spend
several enjoyable hours yesterday. No
serious casualties occurred at the Park to
mar the enjoyment of the day.
Peter Lustauman was out on his wheel
and collided with a passing vehicle, the
result being that he was painfully injured.
He was taken to the Park Hospital,
where his injuries, which consisted of a
bruised nose and shoulder and a lacerated
face, were dressed, after which he
wheeled away In search of more pleasure.
Several'curlos in the way of Indian rel
ics, presented by John Daggett. and a
colonial bedstead, presented by Mrs. Mar
garet Lettich, have been added to the mu
seum, which Is fast filling up to the limit
of Its capacity.
Many soldiers from the New York regi
ment visited the Cliff House, and ex
pressed surprise at the beauty of the
scene, the seal rocks, the seals themselves,
the Farallones showing misty in the dis
tance and above all "old ocean's melan
choly gray." Many of the boys from the
New York regiment also visited the
Chutes. Among the new features at this
popular play ground is a camera obscura,
an interesting little machine placed in a
dark room, but showing the moving world
without. To-day a large troop of Japan
ese jugglers will be the feature of the
programme in the Chutes Pavilion. The
feats of the little brown men are little
short of marvelous, and they may remain
as an attraction for several" weeks.
The aquatic sports at Sutro's Baths
nave proved the best drawing card as far
as the soldiers are concerned. A large
crowd vls.ted the baths and witnessed the
lowering of at least one swimming record.
In the under-water swimming match Fred
McDermid, champion under-water swim
mer of Australia, swam 212 feet, the en
tire length of the big tank. Paul Newman
of Chicago has heretofore claimed the
record, having swum 20S feet, but he will
now have to try again. In the high diving
match A. Ramons was declared winner
and G. La Rue was awarded second prize.
A. Bodie of the Montana Volunteers won
the 100-yard handicap. J. Melrose of the
Kansas regiment second. In the spring
board diving, S. Burnett won; A. Ray
mond second. J. Rtngrose won the 120
yard handicap; S. !>a Coste second.
A TRIO OF BURGLARS.
Three Arrested in Different Parts of
the City, One Being a Soldier.
The police arrested three men yesterday
in different parts of the city on charges of
burglary. The tlrst was William Mc-
Keevers at 8 o'clock in the morning.
Thomas Assmussen, 2'M Third street, was
awakened by hearing McKeevers ran
sacking his bureau drawers and held him
till Policemen Chase and Laws made
their appearance.
The second was William Wilson, a pri
vate in Company B, Thirteenth Minne
sota Regiment. He is accused of break
ing into the saloon of Fred Fluoger at
Point Lobos and First avenues and steal
ing three bottles of whisky, two boxes of
cigars, some chewing tobacco and cigar
ettes, besides $10 from the till. He was
arrested on First avenue about 5 o'clock
In the morning by Policemen Allen and
rarrell. All the stolen property was
found on him. The police say that a
number of saloons In that district have
been broken into lately.
The . last of the trio was Matthew
Maume, who entered a vacant house at r.4
I'irst street by crawling through a trap
door in the sidewalk. He took out three
Of the windows and was walking away
with them on his shoulders when he was
arrested by Policeman Tyrell. Maume
belongs to a respectable family but Is a
slave to the liquor habit, which has kept
him prominently befor. the police for
some years.
SPAIN AND AMERICA.
Isaiah's Prophecies the Text of Rev.
Hemphill's Sermon.
"Decadent and Rising Nations—Ameri
ca and Spain Contrasted," was the sub
ject of Rev. John Hemphill's sermon at
Calvary Presbyterian Church last even
ing. The services were well attended and
the music was of the usual standard.
Rev. Hemphill took his text from the
sixtieth chapter of Isaiah, twelfth verse:
"The nation and kingdom that will not
serve Thee shall perish." He considered
these words to constitute Spain's more
recent history in a simple sentence.
Referring to the twenty-second verse
of the same chapter — "A little one shall
become a thousand and a small one a
strong nation"— the Speaker said that this
is briefly the history of America. He
showed at length that the growth and ad
vancement of our nation is borne out by
Isaiah's prophesies and that Isaiah could
not have given us the historical facts of
Spain and America more correctly than
he has done. The speaker also referred
in glowing terms- to the victories achieved
by the army and navy at Santiago. The
criticism ihat Shatter has been subjected
to he did not consider well put, for the
general met with many obstacles that are
not generally known, and while ho lusi
but several hundred men he captured
25,000 Spaniards.
PRINTERS' MUTUAL AID.
The Society Holds Its Semi-Annual
Meeting — Is in a Prosper
ous Condition.
The spml -annual meeting- of the Union
Printers' Mutual Aid Society was held
yesterday afternoon in Bhlela building, a
large attendance being present.
The reports of the various committees
and the board of directors showed the
society to bo in a flourishing condition.
; The total membership is now over eighty,
several candidates having been initiated
during the last quarter.
This society is composed exclusively of
union printers, and was organized over
eleven years ago. Sick benefits are pro
vided, as well as a burial fund. There has
been but one death In the society since its
organization. It has M">00 In bank.
The election of officers took place yes
terday, and resulted as follows: Presi
dent, T. C. Carr; first vice-president, Leo
Michelson; second vice-president, George
Mitchell; treasurer, W. B. Benofst; finan
cial secretary, J. R. Winders; recording
I secretary, A. J. P. Regaudiat; board of
directors. C K. Hawkes (chairman), S.
Trimble, H. Gibb, H. J. Lawler, Harry T.
i Hammond (secretary); marshal, L.. P.
Ward; guardian, G. H. Branch.
AT SHELL MOUND.
Two Teams of Company A
Shoot for a Dinner.
The most Interesting feature on the
Shell Mound rifle range yesterday was a
team match between members of Com
pany A of the Fifth Regiment, the win
ners to dine at the expense of the losers.
One team was under the management of
Captain Poulter, and the other was di
rected by Corporal Puckett. The former's
men won by ten points, the scores being
171 to 161, conditions ten shots to each
man at 200 yards, Blunt target. The scores
stood:
Captain Poulter, 43; C. H. Ellis, 36; J. C.
Ellis. 30; Wlllerd, 2S; Crnn, 24. Total. 171.
Corporal Puckett, 37; C. Poulter, 36; Meln
ecke, 40; Fellows, 33; Colbert, 15. Total, 181.
The regular monthly scores for the
company's medals resulted in the an
nexed scores being made:
Captain Poulter, 3S; c. Puckett, 40; De Poy,
33; Yonkoske, 31; Warh.im, 12; Corporal Talt
43; S. M. King, 40; Corporal Jahnagen, 40; F.
M. Peterson, 88; Metnecke, 30; Follows, 25;
Corporal Poulter, U; Cron, 20; Sergeant J C
Elllß, 31; J. Colburt, 23; C. H. Ellis, 37; Wli
lard, 89.
To Aid St. Patrick's Bazaar.
The comic operetta "Penlope" will bo
sung at Odd Fellows" Hall to-morrow
evening in aid of St. Patrick's bazaar.
The production will be upder the direction
of Miss Annie Rooney, and the cast will
be made up of some of San Francisco
and Oakland's best amateur singers. The
following are in the cast: Misses Gene
vieve M. Sullivan. Etta M. AValsh, Mary
Spillane and Mis.s Marie Georgiani, and
Messrs. J. C. O'Donnell, F. A. Griffing
Dennis C. Sherrln, J. C. Flood, A B
Canfield, T. W. Hickey, John J. Dough
erty and Louis Burris, the two latter in
violin and flute solos. Professor D'Arey
will conduct the orchestra. The enter
tainment is under the management of the
following named ladies: Mesdames Mul
ligan, Glynn. Drught, McCarthy, Walsh
Gavigan, Gilbert, McDevitt, Kennr-y. Cole
man, Keane, Daughney, Anthony and
Sheehan, and Misses Mary Dhue, Agnes
Gately, Katie Kussick, Mamie Savage,
Nellie Gately, H. Lennon, Mary Coleman,
Frances McDevitt, Gertie McCarthy, Jen
nie Glynn. Annie Gately. Rose Anthony,
H. Quigley, Emma Cook, Mary Quinn,
Teresa Lamey. Lillian Martin. Annie Mc-
Aulifle, May Crane ad Jonsie Gately.
Victory Due to God.
Rev. C. E. Locke of the Central Metho
dist Church in his lecture lnst night gave
all the credit of the recent victories to the
God of war and nations. He said that
inasmuch as the present war was declared
for humanity's sake and not for conquest,
and as the people with whom we went to
war are an ignorant people who would not
or rould not submit to arbitration or di
plomacy, it was God's will thai we should
go to war, and it being his will we were
bound to win.
God in his wisdom gave us President
McKlnley, Admiral Dewey. Commodore
Schley, Admiral Sampson, General Shaf
ter, and last but not least Lieutenant
Hobson. At the mention of each of those
names rounds of applause greeted them.
A Pie-Eating Contest.
An afternoon and moonlight picnic was
held yesterday at obeli Mound Park un
der the auspices of San Francisco Lodge
No.. 1 and San Mateo Lodge No. 7 of the
Journeymen Butchers. There was a fair
attendance and most of the time was
spent in dancing. A programme of races
was prepared, and everybody, from the
small boy to the fat woman, had a chance
to show their speed. Appropriate prizes
were given to the winners. The last and
most interesting feature was a pie-eating
contest. There were a number of con
testants, but the honors of winning the
first prize fell to <Jie smallest runt in the
lot. His advantage lay in his mouth,
which never missed absorbing a third of a
pie at every bite.
A Defiant Butcher.
Fred Junker, a butcher on McAllister
street, between Buchanan and Webster,
started in early yesterday morning to put
down a wooden sidewalk in front of his
shop, contrary to the ordinance. He was
arrested by Policeman Curry and gave $10
bail. He started in again ana when
Policeman Gillen remonstrated with him
he defied the Board of Supervisors and
the police. Gillen arrested him ancl
he put up $20 bail. He was not arrested
again and it is presumed he thought bet
ter of it.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E B Rogers, Angels :L D Baldwin, S Cruz
C J Miner, Fresno Mrs W C Huffman, Cal
Mrs P Darghaday, Ks J P Davenport, Cal
\\ B Johnson, Cal C E Lindsay, S Cruz
\\ A Gaston. S Jose J C Glbblns, Tex
C J Belloli, S Jose A Sutherland, Tex
W Beesly, S Jose J J Hebbron, Salinas
A Dromiack. Reno Mrs T S Morton, Cal
1! T McCullough, Cal C A Vance Stktn
W H James, Sacto H H Austin. Stktn
U L Waters & w, Cal J H Jackson, Stktn
F Pierce, w & m, Ttah J H Platt. Sacto
Miss C Pierre, Utah H W Crabb, Oakville
L C Schindler, Sacto W R Plum & w 111
F W Book, Sacto Mrs E Kennptt Cal
O Lingo, Cal F G Smith Cal
C Gurree, Oakland W B Doxie L. Ang
M A Nurse, Sacto C W Ayers, Sonora
P H MrGrath, Sacto Mrs Cox, L Ang
F J Collamoie, Cal A Bragdon, S Jose
D Fitzpatrick. Sulsun S Pinehower & w, Cal
Mrs W E Moore, N V D Krack, Cal
F V Bendixsen, Cal J B Dorsey, Dawson
D W Evans, Cal W Jatea, Dawson
T D Pitch. Eureka F Phiscator, Dawson
IT H Martin, Sen-ra D B Davison, Dawson
J Clements, It HiulT I) Williams, Dawson
H B Gillls, Yivka F G Berry. Dawson
Miss A R Gilli?. Yreka C I, Walter, Dawson
C E Gillis, Yreka F Banta. Dawson
X C Gillis, Yreka IT J Nash, Dawson
N Blackstock & w, Cal C Kelly, Dawson
L R Hall, Bakr-rsneld R Don, Dawson
T W Hnfncr. Mo R Eokhartlt, Dawson
L O Mathews, Colo L Eckhardt, Dawson
Miss M Taylor. Ohio E L Peacock, Dawson
C T Arerik, Wis G T Edgar, Dawson
Mrs A L Thomas, Cal W G Morrison, Seattle
Miss G Evans, Cal I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W Stanford, NY E J Gumpert, N T
W Stanford Jr. N V \V M Hughe? Pa
G L Stanford. NY H Bell. S Jose
W rilmmer & w, NY J P Dleks, Cal
M E Harris, Oakland A I Mac-hen, Fresno
M D Arthur, L Ang J E Weeden & w, Cal
\Y Elbright, Wash O M Thumler & w, 111
Mmc F Montague, Cal J M Levee & w, Cal
Mrs W C Price, Cal L E Hagood. Cal
W B Ray & w. Cal L W De Witt, D C
<• H Henry &W, 111 IE M Shafer, Paris
G B HIM, Me R Q Terry, London
J T Lynch. Cal U B Bartman, Eng
H Stenge, Dixon A B Fox, R I
P I- Carpenter, S Jose C E Parsons. Mo
J Williams, NY RE Danforth, N V
C E Parker, Portland J C Davles, N V
G L McKeeby, Cal
PALACE HOTKT,
S B Pchloss & w, Cal Miss A Stelner, Cal
L J Gleason, NY J W Moore & w, Pa
F X Haurk. Chicago H E Gilbert. N V
M E Ellis &W, Chgo C D Stevens, Boston
J C Hollands, Erie A J Treat, Sausalito
J Grant & w, Paris J W Gilmore. Prosidlo
J C Gibbons Jr. Paris E F Fay, Cal
A I Sutherland, Paris F E Giejnoux, Presidio
S H Emanuel, NY LA Ferguson, ChKo
J C Copley, Aurora D Dougherty, Alaska
Miss J Kamm, Auburn J H Whitaker, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
T> J Jones, Cal E B Churchill. Ohio
F A Gibson. Pa B Techyen, Rodeo
A Lopal, Pa C Flnberp, Mich
H Wander, Berlin F A Reynolds, Cal
E IHllamaria, Colton Jde Rom, Berkeley
1> Lauehlln. Cal I H Rtlllwell, Merced
F J Fries, NY PR Quinn, Fresno
1» 11 Bcarron, Wellgtn C f'onway, Oakdale
A C Moses. 11l C Burtch, Chicago
H E Thayer, Wichita J Hedges, N V
W Johnson, Cal
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
P.rSTNKPS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market nr»* Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; <■- ~, until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission »treet: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until !> o" clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
"CHRISTIAN Healing" and preaching from
texts suggested by the audience, dally at 6;
two Sabbath services, at 2 and 6. by Rev.
Francis Warnon, at Mills Tabernacle,
Twelfth and Webster, Oakland. This work
of God has continued daily for three weeks,
with ever-increasing displays of divine grace
and power in saving and sanctifying, as well
as healing the sick. Many totally deaf and
blind instantly began to hear and see; tumors
and goitres disappeared; the lame ran and
leaped; eczema, neuralgia, rheumatism, etc.,
yielded; even the sick miles away restored
at the time special prayer was being made
by Mr. W. at tabernacle. This gospel work
being now on a "permanent" basis, branches
will be opened all over the Coast, to the
glory of "Jesus only." The Revs. Mess, Vir-
tue, Holm, Coplin (officer of the "Christian
Alliance"), Garvin and other ministers have
assisted at the meetings and declared the
man and his work to be surely of God. Rase
and baseless calumnies (so proven) need no
reply from Brother Warnon or his friends;
the work speaks for itself, and the man Is
loved and honored by us who "know" him.
To-day at 2 and 6, healing, etc., and testi-
monies of marvelous healings are promised by
Oakland and "Los Angeles" friends; testi-
monies of broken bones set, cancers and
tumors removed, and of a "dying person In-
stantly restored. Bring your sick.. Come early
to avoid crowding. (H. Freeman, M. D., for
the committee.)
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, K. < t r X^\
T.. Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter st. Trif|
—Stated assembly THIS EVENING at 111
8 o'clock. The Order of the Temple will N?'
be conferred. All fraters are courteously in-
vited. CHAS. L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1533 Fill- JV_
more St.— Third degree THIS 'M< > X - jSjf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By/lT 1
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _#k_'
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock sharp. First TS2P
degree. G. W. ROOT, Secretary.' 'V >
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Company will be held at 'he office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, IS3B, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books • will close on Friday,
July 20, ISBS, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting The, regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders' of The San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway : Company
will be held at the office of the company, No.
S2l Market St., San Francisco, Cal.. on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July. 1898, at the hour
of' 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors ■to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting, ii, •
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting of the Ri:;don Iron, and
Locomotive Works — annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Rlndon Iron and
Locomotive Works, for the election of trus-
tees for * the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
broupht before the meeting, will be ; held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets, San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August. 1898.
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD, Secretary.
" .. — — — - —
4 MARKET , ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE orphans and half orphans admitted into
.St. Francis' Girls' . Directory Orphan Asylum
since January 1, IS9B. to July 1, ■ IS9B, are as
follows: Orphans— Jessie Hawkins 7. Mary
Kelly 7; half orphans— Anna Madden 8, Mary
' Pratra -7, Anna Pratra 2.- Enestl Pratra t. 4
(male). Mervyr. Rooney 3, Leo Rooney 8, John
Rooney 6, Anvedeo Vetera 6 (male). Vlcto-
reen Holland 3, Ellsa Holland 2, Louisa Hol-
land 4, William O'Connor 3, Mary Strong 7,
admitted December 31. 1597. ;■ ■■ -
BAD ' tenants ejected for H; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
C0., '415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. • &MO. ;
JESSIE ' RAYDEM,' alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy. St., room 12. ' ■ '.-.•...
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. l. r >Vj Turk and, 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
' ■: DIVIDEND NOTiC-S.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 57 (fift>
cents per share) of the . Hutchlnson .: Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on an&
after Wednesday, July 20. IS9S. Transfer
books wil! close on Thursday. : July 14. IS9S,
at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON.
. ' '-.■■■-■ .;. Secretary. -,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC ' Employment Office— Flrst-clasi se-
lect help, *35 Market st.; phone ; Clay 130. .
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN laundress, first-class references from
best of families, desires situation. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
NORWEGIAN girl, aged 35, wishes cooking or
housework; 2 years at last place; can take
full charge. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
Telephone Green 721.
GERMAN, first-class cook, understands all
branches; city or country; best references.
. MRS. NORTON, Swedish , and German Em-
ployment Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH middle-aged woman; good cook and
houseworker; $12 to $15; city or country; best
references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
! SWEDISH green girl wishes place to assist in
housework; strong and willing; $10. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
{SUPERIOR Norwegian parlor maid and wait-
ress desires situation; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation where
she can have her child (9 years old) with
her; country; willing to do housework; best
- references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS young German cook desires
situation; 2 years last place; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wishes a posi-
tion as Infant's nurse; city or country; wages
$20 t" 525: best city references. Southwest
cor. Halght and Steinter sts. . •
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation in a
respectable house: general housework. Ad-
dress MISS M. MICKELSON. 32 Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED laundress and house-cleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; references.
Box 22, Call office.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or Oakland; references.
Call 1205 Laguna st.
WANTED— by the day at sewing or light
housework; go home night. Address box
15, Call office. \
NURSE girl wishes position to care for child j
and assist or do light housework; sleep home. i
Call 620 Larkin st.
RESPECTABLE German, woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
2213 A Mason st. •
RESPECTABLE girl desires a situation in a
private family. Box 227, Call office.
GENERAL housework wanted by Protestant
girl. 521 Minna st.
SWEDISH girl wants a place to do housework
and cooking; wages $20. Box 20, Call office.
COLORED lady would like position as respon-
sible nurse for children. Address 560 Geary.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation for cooking
in private family; 3 years' in last place.
Please call 770 O'Farrell st.
LADY'S maid or second work by one exper-
ienced; country preferred; references. Box
199, Call.
SEWING wanted by the day or light house-
work. Z. F. H. 149% Fifth St., room 3.
GIRL from the country wishes situation to do
general housework In . private family. New
Golden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
NEAT reliable woman as housekeeper for
elderly couple; reasonable wages, with a
pleasant home. Address box 142, Call.
POSITION wanted as children's nurse by Ger-
man lady. AUGUSTA EIDMAN, 1309 Octavla.
BY experienced bookkeeper and typewriter,
office position: references; in or out of city.
Address box 623. Call office.
BRIGHT business woman of experience wants
position In law, Insurance, abstract or gen-
eral office; references; city or country. Ad-
dress box 3S, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes work in hotel, seamstress
or laundry work. Address box 37. Call office.
LADIES' tailor; work at home or in families.
MISS FITZPATRICK, 1312 Pine St.
GOOD cook and laundress would like an en-
gagement in an American family. Address
A., 1153 Howard St., near Eighth.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
short time from the East: is a good plain
cook and laundress: best of references given;
city or country. Apply 270 Minna St., nr. 4th.
POSITION wanted by first-class cook in pri-
vate family or boarding-house, or would take
charge of club; experienced and best of ref-
erences. M. H., 419 Stockton st.
SITUATION wanted by a young lady to do
housework. 1037 McAlUrter st.
REFINED lady to as; ■ housework or care
of children. Call 141 ... rkin st.
YOUNG German woman would like to do
housework. Call at 2959 Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG lady desires ' position to do general
housework. Address box 536, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and cooking. Address 1309 Stock-
ton st. . ,
SITUATION wanted round a place by elderly
man to do chores and make himself useful;
understands care of horses, garden and can
milk; reference. J. C, box 76. Call.
WANTED — Situation as gardener, care of
horses, etc., by middle-aged active man; first-
class recommendations; wages moderate.
Gardener, box 156, this office.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper in small
family by lady. with a child: good home more
object than wages; no objection to country.
Address M. A., Call Branch, 106 Eleventh st.
YOUNG lady desires position to assist book-
keeper; small wages; object practical knowl-
edge. Address M. A., 106 Eleventh St., Call
Branch. -
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work in small family. . L. X.. 419 Stockton st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
. best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1037. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes a situation in any
machine shop; has good references as a
blacksmith and flier. Address B. C. LABO-
DIGIA, 230 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— By a young man attending college,
a position in office or store of any kind even-
ings and Saturdays; small compensation
asked. Box 14, Call office.
STEADY reliable man. wants situation on pri-
vate country place: } understands care of
horses, lawn, garden, etc. ; good references.
Box 21, Call office. _
YOUNG man wishes a situation as barkeeper
or any kind of saloon work; best of _ recom-
mendation. Address box 121, Call office. '
WANTED — Situation as shipping clerk on
water front or purser on steamer; best of city
references. Box 29, Call office. .
EASTERN man wants position as waiter;
coffee and lunch house preferred. Box 16,
Call office. ■ ■ ■
CHINESE wants situation as cook. Please call
or address 204 Powell st.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes, a situation In
hotel or private house to learn English; will-
ing to do anything. Address box 25, Call.
TO boss bakers— Wanted; a situation by a
first-class baker on bread or cake; country
preferred; hotel or shop. Address box 11. Call.
JAPANESE bright boy wishes position . as
school boy or houseworker. J. G. LAWA-
MURA, 121 Halght st.
AMERICAN man and wife wish positions on a
ranch. Address ROBERT FROST, Oakland
PoßtOfflce. : -
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night: $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable: free
'bus and bacrage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
WANTED— number of girls to fill situations
for housework; waitresses, etc., too numerous
to advertise: call Monday and secure a place
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
...AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S, 104 Geary st...
• Head waitress, commercial h0te1........... $25
2 waitresses. Southern California water
resort, free fare 20
1 waitress, mountain resort.. ' ->o
3 waitresses, Fresno, free fare $25 and $20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz .......20
2 waitresses, city hotel... ....." 20
3 waitresses, city restaurant. s4, $5 and "week
- Cook, mountain resort, free fare $35
Cook, • Institution . " " * 30
3 fancy and 2 French ironers.. .'.s3o and found
Plain , laundress, summer resort.. .$3O
Waitresses for Nevada State, free "fare!!.!. 25
Waitress, Monterey City........ . '0
Cook, country, see party here.!".!'.!!!!!!'.!!!! 25
25 house girls, city and country $15 $20 $25
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary St.
...AT C.R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st..:
2 women dishwashers for hotel in Portland,
Or., free first-class fare, $22 50; steamer sails
to-day. Call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ......
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. wanted • to-day-2
chambermaids who are willing to wait din-
ner for first-class country hotel $20 and fare
one way; chambermaid, Vlsalla, $20; free fare.
COOK, $30. American family; second girl, $20;
J U ORTO^: i 313i 313 in; chambermaid, • $15. ' MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. - . *
COOK. $25, must be German, American family.
choice place: German house girl, family of 2,
Hi' ( i erma housekeeper. $15; Irish house girl,
$20., MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Irish girl to assist In housework, $12;
middle-aged woman, country, $15; Irish cook,
$25; 2 Irish house girls at $15 each; waitress,
$15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ■■:■■■ V ;.
S^s£ ISH house elrl. $25, 2 In family. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. --,;
FIRST-CLASS waitress 1 for sanitarium. $25;
, short distance. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
■' . :•,'.■: ■ v ■■:-- " '-■,' ■ -■■-•.- • - ..'•' ■• ";-\
HELP WANTED— Continued.
RANCH Cook, Gilroy, $20; nouse * ork '
Luis Obispo, $30; AlameOa. $20; 12 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $2d; b > LU _5
girls! assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 32a
Sutter st.
COOK, German~lstylers3o, no washing; sec °" a
girl $20: 3 waitresses. $20 each; nurse, »__>.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 German cooks. $25; French maid
and seamstress, country, $25; French nj alQ -
cltv, $25; French nurse; chambermaid, **>. *
nurse girls. $15 each; girls for housework ana
assist. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton^ st.
YOUNG woman, general housework ranch. $20;
waitresses different country h°- els . -♦-"■
young girl, light place, city. $S to $10. MLR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Number of girls to fill various sit-
uations at Mrs. Hlrd'B Employment office,
631 Larkin st. ,
WOMEN and girls t« work on fruit. Apply
immediately California Canneries Co., Bran-
nan Bt., bet. Third and Fourth.
CANNERS— Expert canners wanted. Apply
immediately Californian Canneries Co., Bran-
nan Et., bet. Third and Fourth.
YOUNG woman for general housework: wages
$10. Call at 17 Hartford st., bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth. Noe and Castro^
WANTED— 2 attractive ladies for a road house;
1 good piano player: good positions for right
parties. Address box 17, Call office.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman for housework
and cooking for San Mateo; $14. Call 016
Jessie Bt.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing for country. Apply ISI4 Pacific aye.
WANTED— A first-class talloress on fine coats;
no other need apply- 511'_ Jones st^
YOUNG girl to asslFt with baby and light
housework. 240SV_ California st^
GERMAN girl for general housework; no wash-
ing. 1514 Octavla st.
NEAT girl for light housework. 1117 Turk.
GIRL to assist at light housework; small fam-
ily. 30 Valley st., near Guerrero.
EXPERIENCED shirt and pants operators.
Apply 23 Stevenson st, 4th door. MEIEH-
STEIN COMPANY. ________—-
EXPERIENCED presser for dyed goods. F.
G. THOMAS, Dye Works, 31S Eleventh st.
LEARN sewing at Kelsler Ladies' Tailoring
College, 118 McAllister st. ; patterns to J>rder.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c up. MCDOWELL'S. 103
Post st. >
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
MIDDLE-AGED respectable German woman;
light housework; good home. 412^-Qcust st.
JENNIE FITZSIMMONS, please call 664 Mis-
slon st. MRS. FURNISS.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken^
HI3LP WANTED— MALE.
WAN'TED^Brick mnlder; 4 quartz miners, $2 50
day; 3 carpenters for mines, $2 50 day and $10
and board; choreman for ranch, $20; wood-
chopper, $1 25 cord; 2 milkers, $20; coal miners
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook for resort, $40; 5 wait-
ers for country, $22 50 and $25; restaurant
waiters for city, $40: colored hotel waiter, $2o;
cook for miners, $30; cook, small boarding
house, $25: kitchen men and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A MURRAY & READY
Free fare Wants to-day Free faro
300 railroad teamsters $1 75 day
Laborers .$175 day
Free fare Free farti
26 laborers for a sawmill company
$26 and found
25 farm hands, etc $26 and $20 and found
3 milkers $20 and found
To the mines
93 laborers to work around mines etc
Wages from $2 50 day
4 choremen and boys $15 and $10 and found
Butter maker, country Job
$3 day Hay balers $3 day
112 woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
114 tie makers Sc, 9c and 15c each
355 men for Arizona
10 men to cut brush $30 and found
Spool tender Gang edger man
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2 MEN to bone beef Sausage maker
»1 75 day 12 day
MURRAY _ READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
A— LOOK Waiters Look
12 waiters for different places. $30, $26, $2:. and
$20 and found; 2 pantrymen, $25. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— LOOK Cook Look
10 good cooks for different places, $30, $26, $2.1
and $20 and found; 6 dishwashers, $25, $20 and
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st.
BAKERY boy. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
A— s2 50 DAY Look Here $2 50 day
To the eroM copper and iron mines
55 men wanted as common laborers; no ex-
perience required; wages from $2 50 liay;
board, etc., costs $15 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
A— s2 TO $2 50 day. to sawmill, etc.; $2 to S2 50
day; 10 laborers for a country sawmill, sea
boss here. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— TO the woods $26 and found
10 laborers to build roads. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— PRINTER, country Job shop, $7 week and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— TYPEWRITER and stenographer, assist on
books, $50 and found. MURRAY & READY,
63t-636 Clay St.
A— TO the gold fields
10 laborers for Sisklyou County, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— BUTTER-MAKER and run a separator. $30
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
...AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st...
WANTED MONDAY
Fish cook who understands grilling on the.
beach fish dinners, etc., for a seaside hotel,
$60 and free fare; broiler, $50; fry cook, $40;
third cook, country hotel, $40; baker and
pastry cook, small first-class country hotel,
$35; second baker, country shop, $35 and
round: kitchen hand. $7 a week; second cook
•who can bake, country hotel, $35; waiter, $40;
2 waiters, $35; bakery $10 a week; .2 colored
waiters, Lake Tahoe, $25 and fare paid;
kitchen hand, country institution, $25 and
found; neat young waiter who speaks French,
$50
Indoor servant with private family references.
$35: Portuguese milker, $3ft and found; milker,
$25; 4 ranch carpenters, $30 and found, rough
work; 15 farmers, $20 and found
Spool tender, $35 "id board; gang edger man.
$45 and found; barkers and cross cutters, $33
and board; assistant mill pond man. $30 and
board
10 laborers for a mine, no experience needed.
$1 60 to $2 50 a day. steady work, reduced
fares; ranch blacksmith, $40; small country
shop, $3o
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
...AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st...
W Italian railroad laborers for v.
Vancouver, B. C Fare advanced
Steamer sails Wednesday
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR ALASKA
200 railroad laborers and rockmen $3 a day
Ship Wednesday... Special rates. ..Get tickets
Direct to Skaguay at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary Bt.
FOR CALIFORNIA
100 railroad teamsters Free far»
Ship daily Regular wages
7.......C. R. HANSEN & CO., _104_Oeary ifc__
WAITER for an officers' mess-room at a mine.
$25 special R. R- fare. C. R. HANSEN _
CO!, 104 Geary st.
THIRD cook for a hotel In Santa Cruz, $35. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 LABORERS for skid roads, $20 »nd board;
blacksmith and shoe, $60 and board; quarry-
man $2 a day: granite cutters, $3 a day; boss
n'aner man; scraper teamsters, city: wood-
chopper. R. T. WARD & CO., 60S and 610
Clay st.
RANCH hand, $15 per month. MISS CULLEN,
! 325 Sutter^
WA ITER, near city, $25; steady Job. HOTEI,
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
PAINTERS of San Francisco— Notice— There
will be an open meeting held at 915V_ Market
st Labor Bureau Hall, on TUESDAY EVEN-
ING July 19. for the purpose of reorganizing
j W. McKINNEY, the national organizer for
the B of P. and D. of A., and others will
address the meeting. Painters are urged to
attend.
RESPONSIBLE outside men for inc. mining
company; good salary on proved worth. R.
39, 310 Pine st.
■\V\NTED— Barber for country; only first-class
need apply. 204 O'Farrell st.
GFNT to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN, 519 Filbert st.
GOOD coat maker wanted. 216 Kearny st. t
room 1.
GERMAN boy wanted, 16 to 13 years; drive
butcher wagon. Sl3 Buchanan st.
ELDERLY to do chores around bakery. 1139
Folsom.
DISHWASHER wanted at 303 East St., Oakland
Cafe, near Market.
JOINER for light, neat woodwork. Addrees
box 120 Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.y HELP W ANTED— tinned.
YOUNG' man to learn barber trade 1542
Market st. "
MEN to : learn barber trade in 8 weeks San
_ Franfclsco Barber College, 138H Eighth st.
B r\££. '~ Ass » n - Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 32.-> Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136. '
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
ISAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 804 Davis st., near Jackson.
WANTKI>-At Montana House, 764^4 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
nUht: 60c. !)0c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
ng, Hoc; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 2., c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a rpom; Be a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndel House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED- To collect wages due laborers and
I clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
WINCH ESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading room;
fre»> 'bus find baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS, both sexes; tick seller; large com-
mission. Address LEFFLER & RUSSELL,
229 Jessie' Ft.. S. F.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— care of house, between Van
Ness aye. and Steiner St.; parties going
away; references given. Address box 214, Pa-
cific Grove. -
f ' " -~^
lTiiMTi it i : WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. ]■•■:, 7 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DEi KER,
K'2o MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
10-room house; only $150
15 rooms; fine corner 900
24 rooms; clears $100 600
19-room boarding house .- 1400
14 rooms; elegant furniture; cost $2200.... 1300
40-room house; only "150 cash ''■ ■
14 rooms on Powell st.; new 750 i
14 rooms; transient: clears $150 1400
26 rooms on Mission; new 1500
60-room house; corner 1600!
22 rooms; near City Hall 500
118 rooms on Post st. : clears $100 1000
36 rooms: clears *:'OO 1600
60 rooms; clears $100; only 760
42 rooms; elejrant corner; clears $400 3500
22 rooms; new and (rood; $300 cash 800
10 rooms; all rented: business street 300
25 rooms; on Market; clears $200 600
23 rooms; new furniture; clear* $150 100«
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6501
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money to loan at low rates
105 rooms; clears $3000 yearly $5500
60 rooms; Market st. ; exchange for realty 3500
El rooms; Sixth st.; exchange for realty. 2500
4S rooms; family house; Geary et 2000 j
42 rooms; apartment house 2800 j
10 rooms; housekeeping; pays well 800
13 rooms; clears $50; central 850 i
10 rooms; E.iiy Bt: rent $40 750
9 rooms; corner Mission St.; a snap 350
9 roums; OFarrell St.; give-away 225
Other good bargains. KREDO & CO.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st
21 rooms; central; cheap at $650
25 rooms: rent $70: receipts $185 1000
2S rooms; rent $60: only 450
31 rooms; corner: rent $50; bargain 1200
S4 rooms; Post st.; worth $3000 1600
40 rooms; offices; rent $IJO 2500
45 rooms; Geary St., near Powell; elegant 3750
A — DO you wish to pell your lodging-house?
If so call on ROGERS & HYDE at once, 1206
k Market Ft., junction of Golden Gate aye. ;
take elevator. (L. W. Rogers, formerly clerk
for H. C. DECKER.)
IN the host lodging house locality, Powell near
Baldwin; rent $100: 22 rooms well furnished.
A. M. SPECK a- CO.. 602 Market Bt.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AH we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
Eame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains )
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy ;
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$:> per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house I
west of ChlraKO is KOHLER & CHASE'S, '
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades anlrtvlref.- T«i sss <'«sy; prices low-
1 est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, • $135; Sterling. $175; Voße.
$200; 47 more: all must go during July and j
August; invest lgate before buying. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, -nickering agents, 16-IS-20 \
O'Farrell st.
LADY who has gone East left Rne upright |
jilano for sale; best offer takes It. J. DEW- i
ING CO., Second floor. Flood building.
WE Invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
BrigßS and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 60 month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
X 'A— $35; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant pow-
erful tone: cheap. 216. McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. .136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
st., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER '& CHASE. 30 O'Farrell Bt
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
MONTGOMERY. 527, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil ■ and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
. uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
THE evening class at Hlnman's School of |
Dancing, 1412 Polk St., Is now. open Tuesday
and Thursday evenings: the class will give a
party this coming Friday evening; the chil-
dren's class will open Saturday afternoon,
. gust 6. !
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform o»
Fta*e use, taught by Mrs. Kincald at her
school of elocution and expression,
building. 120 Fan-ell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.:
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar- j
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
MR AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247 |
i*- Franklin St.: co-educatlonal boarding and day
school: complete English. French. German
and Spanish education, art. $30.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch It.; day & eve.;
est. IEC4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 93$ Market.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculations, taught in
shortest time. TARR. 572 Parrott building. >
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution.
pantomime andstage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
LOST.
JTTLY 14, 12 p. m.. gold chain pocketbook at
Haas' andy store. Return to Haas' candy
Etore and receive liberal reward. :
LOST— On last Wednesday evening, plain gold
ring with Inscription; neighborhood of Lar-
kin and Geary sts. Reward at 903 Larkin st.
LOST— Reddish brown English pug, half-breed;
valued ;::t of departed soldier; liberal re-
T.-urd. ' 915 Polk st. ■ '
FOUND.
FOUND— 2 Newfoundland dogs; owner can j
have same by paying expenses. 24 Lily aye. j
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 853-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40. j
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453 j
Stevenson Bt. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
..JVD VANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.; 1
i tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
PETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 332 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1000— GROCERY and bar; best corner on,
Fourth st.; rent only $30; good horse . and
wagon: large stock; big bar trade; an Al
offer; worth looking into. M. LESS, 765 Mar-
ket st. '•
$500— RESTAURANT near East St.; fine trade,
both transient and regular; supplying crews,
etc.: private rooms for captains and officers;
money making concern; best on city front
M. LESS. 765 Market St.
$150— MARKET-ST., cigar store: central; neat.
Inviting stand; bound to draw custom; rent
$12 60; laundry office attached pays rent; an
unprecedented offer;- an unequaled sacrifice;
departure for East cause of sale. M. LESS,
766 Market st., opp. Pheland building.
$125— DOWN-TOWN saloon near Kearny St.;
well fixed up; more than value in sight;
greatest bargain ever offered. M. LESS, 766
Market Bt.
$300— FINE restaurant, central; north of and
near Market; meals 25c and 60c; location in-
sures best class of trade. LESS, 765 Market.
$225— CORNER cigar store in good business lo-
cation on Kearny St.; good chance for buyer;
must be sold. M. LESS, 765 Market st, op-
posite Phelan building.
$550— MILLINERY store in good country town;
has new stock and good fixtures; living rooms
in rear. M. LESS, 765 Market st, rooms 3-4.
$400— BRANCH bakery, cigar, notion store;
south of Market st. ; 4 living rooms; no op-
position; present owner there six years; do-
Ing well; must be sold at once; party going
East; great bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
INTEREST in beer bottling association
of leading brewery; this share clears above
$150 per month; a rare chance; owner is en-
gaged in other enterprises and cannot attend.
Particulars WILKE, 845 Market st.
CORNER grocery . and bar in the very
choicest business location; connected with 6
living rooms and doing a rushing cash busi-
■ ness; must be sold at once; sickness cause
for It; investigate and make your oner. Call
WILKE. 845 Market st.
RESTAURANT and chophouse: doing a
first-class paying business; close to Market
and East sts.; low rent; investigate; owner
must leave at once and no reasonable offer
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE, 845 Market.
Ar-$1000; SALOON in the very best location.
Western Addition, doing a first-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE.
M 5 Market st
$400; PARTNER in first-class paying busl-
ness, on Kearny st. near Market, clearing
easily $250 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars, WILKE, 845 Market.
$2500— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
down-town location, with building; long lease;
doing a first-class paying business; other en-
gagements compel owner to sacrifice. Partl-
culars WILKE. 845 Market st l
$600— CORNER saloon In wholesale district; es-
tabllshed many years and doing a good pay-
ing business; owner must leave for the coun-
try at once. Call WILKE, 845 Market st.
CIGAR store and stationery on Market
St., near ferries; first-class paying; low rent;
a genuine bargain; investigate at once; a
rare chance. WILKE. 845 Market st.
A— s3ooo; PARTNER in established wholesale
pickle manufactory, clears $6000 yearly; part-
ner retiring. KREDO & CO.
— CANDY manufactory and ice cream par-
lor; elegant soda fountain; near theaters.
KREDO i CO. '
A— CANDY and ice cream parlor; elegant fix-
tures; good business; make offer. KREDO
& CO. .
FOR rale— Half Interest in barber shop; cheap.
13 Mason st: » " : .*■ .'■ .
$1100— HOTEL aiid bar; near depot and boat
landing; 40 rooms. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
A— MEAT market; $2000; monthly; nothing bet-
ter for practical butcher; make offer. KREDO I
& CO.
— WILL secure partnership in splendid pay-
ing business in live town near city doing
$650 monthly; no opposition; must be man of j
strict integrity and a baker; references given
and required; fullest investigation courted.
City agency 850 Market st.
$200— FRUIT and vegetable stand; Western Ad-
dition; $12 day guaranteed: trial given; a bar-
gain. City Agency, 850 Market st.
$125 — CORNER grocery and bar; 4 rooms; rent
$20; bargain. MCLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny st.
2000 ACRES of coal land in one body on Coos j
Bay, Oregon, lying south of and Joining the j
Newport Tract, the best known and most i
successfully worked vein in Southern Oregon.
It lies 3% miles from deep water at the en-
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth of j
25 feet of water, with good anchorage and i
the best natural advantages for a coaling !
station on the Pacific Coast. This tract con- |
tains two veins, the upper . at an average I
depth of 150 feet, 4 feet in thickness; th« sec- i
ond vein. 150 feet lower, averaging 6 feet, and
known as the Newport vein. Notwithstanding i
' the depth of these veins there Is free drain- i
age to three-fourths of the field. There is also ,
timber enough on the tract for all mining '
purposes. For further particulars apply to
NEIL MUNRO. box 16. Marshfield, Or.
SALOON at a sacrifice; must sell account of j
sickness; price to suit the buyer: don't miss
 the chance. JOHNSON, California Broom •
Mfg. Co., Seventeenth st., near Howard.
RELIABLE partner wanted with $2500; well
established business. Box 24, Call office.
FINE fixtures of a cigar stand for sale. 33
Third st.
BEST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; promi-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no
opposition;- clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $650; reason tor selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe; trial given before buying.
Address Owner, Call office, Oakland.
GOOD grocery and saloon In. Hayes Valley for
sale. Apply Call office.
$100— CANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms; j
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. 528 |
Third st.
GOOD chance for right party; well established ,
gents' furnishing goods business for sale at I
a reasonable price. Apply to P. W. ANDER-
SON, 28 San Pablo aye., Oakland. •
BAKERY and candy store; No. 1 location; cash
trade; also spring wagon, cabinet-maker's !
bench and foot-power circular saw. 1601 I
Brush St., Oakland. j
PARTNER for pork and delicacy store, with
outside route $15 to $20 dally; horse and
wagon; no experience; $260 required. 253 Third.
$150— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions and
hardware; nice trade; rare chance and cheap.
4301 Eighteenth St., near Castro.
FIRST-CLASS butcher business for sale cheap
on account of sickness. Apply at once box
138, Call office.
ENTERPRISING man can secure an increas-
ing income of $500 yearly for a loan of $300.
' Call room 20, 12 Telegraph. aye., Oakland.
$200— SALOON; billiard table and 7 furnished
rooms; cheap rent. OLSON, 309 Third st.
PORK and delicatessen store for sale; good
location; cheap. Box 630, Call.
BARGAIN; an old-established shoe repairing
business. Inquire at 668 Howard St.
' HORSE and express wagon for sale. Cor. ,
Sixth and Market sts. ;
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena: ■
, German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
j ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
; BARBER shop in a good, live, growing town '
In Oregon; 2 chairs; good paying business;
will give trial; sell account sickness. Apply
WILSON, 809 Guerrero St.
i FOR Sale— A first-class grocery and bar; must
be sold on account of departure to ' Manila.
Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., 318
Clay st.
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., roam 2.
WANTED— Tenant for good plumbing shop at
Lorin Station. Berkeley. Apply R. WAN-
■• NENMACHER, 108 Fourth St.. San Francisco.
DRUG store. invoices about $3500, can be
bought for $1000 cash. Full particulars ad-
dress D. S., box 7. Call office, Oakland.
FOR Sale— A well stocked grocery and bar;
old established business; run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. Apply Call office.
FINE large store on southwest corner Oak and
Devlsadero; rent $30; or will give lease. In-
quire on premises. • .
WETNURSE wanted Immediately. 1795 McAl-
llster St., corner Baker.
SALOON, and 7 furnished rooms for sale;
■ cheap. 126 Folsom st.
— GROCERY and saloon for Bale; no oppo-
i sition; fine location. Apply Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best In Central Call-
fornia, for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker^Address BENT. 40 California st.
HALF or whole Interest In good paying butcher
- shop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. , D., box 3, Call office, Oakland.
$400— SALOON: established for many years: 5
, living rooms for man and wife. Apply Call.
RESTAURANT: central; good business ; sell-
ing on account of knesa. Apply at Call.
FOR SAIJE — 2 old-established groceries and •
bars; price $1250. Box 201. Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; $200. 3418
Mission Bt. >. ■■'. .
SALOON; day business. 606 Clay st.
FOR sale — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' S. 415 Sacramento st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The " Call. Subscrip- j
■ tionp and want ad« taken.
-— ~ PHYSICIANS. ~~
BRr"cr~C. 6'DONNELti, office and~ residence^
1206 ' Market; diseases of .women a specialty.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 716 Sutter, near Taylor — Unsurpassable for
doctor or dressmaker; workroom 25x36; choice
for business and residence combined.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake ets.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUBE ft KEMMEL. 628 Market St.
ELLIS. 1472, nr. Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— lo r. and
b. ; modern Improvements; $50.
HEALTHY house of 5 rooms and bath; laun-
dry; convenient; $12 per month; cars pass the
door; 1700 San Jose aye., below San Mateo
electric power-house. MRS. H. R. SCHMUCE.
HOUSE 34 rooms; bath; newly painted and
renovated; central. Apply H. C. DECKER,
1024 Market St.
HOUSE 7 rooms and bath; rent $15. Apply 626
Eddy st.
HOUSE, 6 rooms; fine condition; healthy loca-
tion; rent $8. 1565 Kearny, near Greenwich.
HOWARD, 2306— Sunny house of 9 rooms with
all modern Improvements; large basement.
HYDE, 416^4— House of 4 large sunny rooms;
rent cheap to right party. Inquire 418 Hyde.
MINNA, 323— 2-story house of 6 sunny rooms;
In good order. Key next door.
NEW 6 and 8 rooms houses with bath; parlors
decorated; basement; yard; marine view;
$27 50 and $30. Leavenworth, nr. Lombard st.
TO LET — House on JacUson st. hill; seven
rooms and bath; nice yard, garden and fine
view; rent $30 for a good tenant. Apply 1210
Jackson st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
$10—3 SUNNY rooms; yard and hall. 6% Bowie
aye., off Eleventh st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:38
and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; three sunny rooms, yard, base-
ment; cheap to small family. 1270 Folsom
St., near Ninth.
COTTAGE, 14 Ford St., off Sanchez, between
17th and ISth; 5 rooms, bath; garden.
JONES, 2052— Sunny cottage, 4 rooms and bath;
$14; key grocery. ____^__
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, large basement,
modern improvemts; reasonable. 2925 Webster.
NEWLY renovated cottages, 6 rooms, bath;
large basement and yard; cheap. 1876 Fif-
teenth St., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— New; choice;
sunny; 4 big rooms, bath; $16; water free.
AT 1703 Scott, NW. cor. Sutter— « big rooms;
choice; sunny; $25; water free; appreciated if
seen ; key at corner. 2300 Sutter et
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna st,
near Tenth.
FLAT, 3 rooms, hall, yard, $8. 184 Hickory
aye., near Gough st.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; also cottage, 4 rooms.
Second st. and Rincon aye.
FLAT, 6 rooms and l>ath. 8^ Lewis Bt, off
Taylor, bet. Sutter and Post.
FOLSOM, 930, bet. sth and 6th— s r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard: furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
HAVES, 889— Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath; re-
duced to $17.
HOWARD, 852— Brick bldg; 6 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
JERSEY, 339, near Castro— Modern bay-window
flats; 6 and 6 rooms; basement; $12 and $13;
water free.
LANGTON, 37— 515; sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath.
116 Vi Perry st. ; $10: flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market.
LOWER flat 5 rooms and bath; modem; yard;
basement. 214 Twelfth st.
MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderick— Br. and b. ;
rent $25. ASHTON CO., 411 Montgomery Bt
MCALLISTER, 2046— Sunny bay-window flat 5
rooms and bath; rent $15.
POST. 1655— T'pper flat; 6 rooms and bath; $20;
lower flat 5 rooms and bath: $12 50.
SEVENTEENTH. 3997. corner Market— Modern
bay-window sunny 7-room flat: cheap.
SUNNY corner flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent
reduced to $17 50. 458 Halght, cor. Fillmore.
SUTTER. 16138, nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st
TO Let— A sunny flat. 7 rooms and bath; large
yard; rent low to a good tenant. 869 Hayes
St.. near Fillmore.
VALENCIA. 469, nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gamery st.
$15—2 NEW upper modern sunny flats. 5 rooms
and bath. 2668 Twenty-second St., nr. Bryant.
2 NICE sunny flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and
$10. 2041 Harrißon Bt.. opposite Eighteenth.
$14 50, flat of 6 sunny roms, between Octavia
and Gough. 127 Page st.
$15 — NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms. 724 Harrison
st., between Third and Fourth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ASK to see the $11 solitaire diamond ring; ask
to see the $16 solitaire diamond ring at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 arGnt aye.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 60; day, 26 to Suo.
BUCHANAN. 602, cor, Fell— Bay windows;
kitchens; others en suite; $6 to $9.
CLAY, 1026—8 large unfurnished rooms; house-
keeping; good order.
ELLIS, 618 — Two sunnyfront rooms; gas stove;
private family; other rooms $8.
FIFTH, 348-»Sulte of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM. 646—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas stove; bath; running
water; no children.
FOLSOM, 810— Sunny front room with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping; no children; nice
and quiet.
GOLDEN GATE, 1200— Sunny furnished front
rooms complete for housekeeping; private.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness— 2 and 3 sunny
room suites, with gas range.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
HOWARD. 525—2 or 3 pleasant rooms, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 935V4— Nice sunny room with regular
kitchen, complete; private bath; gas; cheap.
JACKSON, S2O, near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms, $8 to $9;
single, $4.
LAGUNA. 1029 — 3 sunny unfurnished or fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; reas.
LAFAYETTE, 31. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth
sts. — 4 sunny rooms; rent $12.
MASON, 413 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suitable for light housekeeping; also single
rooms; cheap. •
MARTHA place, 2, oft Geary, near Taylor— i
nicely furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA, 111% — Nice furnished bay-window
suite with piano; $10 per month.
MINNA, 646— T0 let, furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 662—3 large sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping. $2 per week.
MISSION. 1415— Unfurnished large sunny rooms,
connecting or single.
NINTH, 147— Large sunny front room; light
housekeeping.
PART of nice sunny flat; use of piano, bath;
$15. 3166 Twenty-third St., near Howard.
POLK, 622— Front Bunny unfurnished house-
keeping suite; also single rooms; nice and
quiet.
POLK. 611—1 or 2 nice large sunny rooms with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; gas
range; bath.
POST, 60&— Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; front and back; cheap; gas.
SECOND, 516 — A sunny furnished floor, 3 rooms
an d bath i rent $14.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 large sunny front roome,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TURK. 543— Large front room with stove; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $10.
TWELFTH, 122, between Howard and Mission
—2 housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny single
and double rooms, with kitchen, complete
for housekeeping; rent reaaonab'e.
VALENCIA, 1012—3 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; $10.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER A CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond. $36: cal I graph, $26; Blick,
122 (0; get samples. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
ROOMS TO LET. '
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell ; elevator; baths; best . attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer ■ Co., 22 Stockton st ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-dan
in every respect; terms reasonable. : .
AT 416 O'Farrell— sunny rooms, 1 single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT ' 242 Stockton— . : rooms; . pretty . view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable. ,
AT 609 Hyde. Sutter 715-717-719. 829% and Mason
, ; 407— Choice, sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished;: all conveniences.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished; full of roomers;
16-r. house; paying. Shoe store, 250 O'Farrell.
CLIFFORD— 204 Ellis St., corner Mason— Sunny
suits and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, Elegantly furnished suites or rms.;
with or without housekeeping; reasonable.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant front suite, 3 bede;. other
sunny rooms, $6 up; also ' housekeeping.
EDDY. 207— Nicely furnished single and double
rooms; privilege light housekpg; $5 mo. up.
EDDY, Sunny suite and single rooms;
newly furnished.
EDDY, 728— 1n new modern flat, newly fur-
nished; sunny suite; dressing room attached;
running water; board if desired.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FOLSOM, 766%— 2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let reasonable.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth — week and up;
. nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
FOLSOM, Large furnished room; rent $6.
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny suites, double,
single; hot water, baths, gas; light house-
keeping. ;
GEARY, 1002— Elegant suite sunny parlors suit-
able for artist or doctor. ; :
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms.; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye.,. 917 A —Large sunny room
for lor 2 persons; reasonable. - --• ;.<-■.-*:
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families. '
GRANT, Furnished sunny front bay win-
dow rooms; double and single; $2 50 per
week up. ■• : ,:; ;?T, -■:•;■.— .-v:L'-i:.r-". - 'O ;^-".' -
GROVE, 305— Sunny furnished front and back
parlor, en suite or single. -. • |
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
i rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HYDE," 232 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
from $5 month up; bath and gas.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reaanble.
JONES, Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
JONES, 2056— Furnished front bay-window
room; $7.
MCALLISTER. Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall. ; _ I ____
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week. ■'■
MISSION. Nicely furnished alcove parlor
suitable for 2; also single room; reasonable.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Second— Nice, clean single
and double rooms; $1 a week and up; quiet
and respectable. . .
NINTH, 20— Front room, small kitchen, $9, or
single, $6 ud.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 126— Sunny furnished front room;
private family; bath, gas; reasonable.
POST. 608, near Taylor— To rent; lower floor;
4 rooms.
POWELL, 415%— unfurnished rooms in rear.
SEVENTH. 328%— nice large unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap to small family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. .
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
. suites, $4 .to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights: hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE. Proprietor.
SUTTER, 1111— front suites. $12 month;
single rooms, $5: nice housekeeping suite.
TEHAMA, 308, near Fourth— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms, $3 to $S per month.
TAYLOR, 323— Furnished double sunny room,
suitable for 2; gentlemen preferred.
TURK, 126 — Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman; $s. per month.
TO LET to a working girl, a neat sunny, front
room; large closet, running water; use of
laundry and bath; in private family; rent $5.
' Apply 318 Laguna St., between Oak and Page:
TURK, Nicely furnished single and double
rooms, . $6 month up; bath, gas; private.
WEBSTER, 1428— Near Geary; two unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. . -. :
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 822— Handsomely furnished front bay-
window room; sunny; all the latest improve-
ments; connecting bath; running water; first-
class board; home cooking; down town.
FAMILY desirous of obtaining a comfortable
home with elegant rooms and unsurpassable
board a.t reasonable terms can find the same
at 803 Van Ness aye. .'-.-- >
HYDE, : 1105 (Hotel Victoria) '-Nice sunny rooms ;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
- room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3. par
week; with nice Bunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER, 1128— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing ■ house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL — elegantly furnished, sunny
.. Market - st. suites, with board for . 2, $40 per
month; ' single rooms accordingly.
THE Blngham, 807 California— Sunny rooms,
with good board; reasonable; home cooking. •
VALENCIA, 1036— The Irving will be opened
' the Ist of August as a first-class boarding-
house with furnished or unfurnished rooms
with board; reasonable. ■
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED. "
A LADY with experience, living in country,
. would like to care- for Infant; best of refer-
ences. Address J. C, Redwood City.
ELDERLY German lady wishes to board and
care for a child. 30 Willow aye., near Eddy.
ONE child boarded: lovely home and mother
care. Box 538, Call. - ■">.
FRENCH ' lady boards children or Infant',
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st. •
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office . of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. •
STORES TO LET. ~~
CHOICE corner : grocery store for rent, with
grocery and bar fixtures; complete. Apply
at 2223 Howard st.
CITY Hall Square, 17— Large light store. $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FOR rent In good country town. 2 small stores
finely located; cheap. Information at 636
Market st. FEDERSPIEL. .
NE. corner Pacific and Sansome— Handsome
large corner store, with or without basement;
cheap. '
TO LET— Store: 1546 Market st. bet. City Hall
aye. and Larkin st. • "
TO LET— Store, 226 Ellis, near Taylor; rent
■ $12. ■ ••■■:■ : ■- : -■-■- -■-;■ - ■ ■ ■■•-■■
TURK. 422, near Larkin— ; $16. * ASHTON
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
MARKET, 1704— of halr-dresslng store;
reasonable ; opposite Tenth st. » , . ,
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices. ; $15 to $20. , :
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
; Elegant offices for rent. ' '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. .;
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
-no fee ■ without success; - collections. - G. W.
-: HOWE, i atty-at-law, 1 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE •» free ; ■■ no charge - unless X successful. '
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. '
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, - collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 108 Larkin.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreekels bldg., 927 Mar-
■ ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE i free <on ' all - le*al matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister st ; room 64.
PERSONALS.
WAITED 3 hours; will be there at 1 p. m. to-
day; answer by messenger if possible.
ROXEY.
BUSINESS man with steady Income desires ac-
quaintance with refined lady. Address box
1303. Call office.
PROFESSOR AND MRS. FOSTER wish their
friendß and pupils to know they are still con-
ducting their dancing school at Mozart Hall.
1358 Market st; dancing classes every Tuesday
and Thursday; social dances every Wednesday
and Saturday; the waltz and reverse posi-
tively guaranteed.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
et., is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
_pay $1 monthly in advance.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
THE best hair dressing for the least money of
any place In the city, 25c only; hair restored
to its natural color for $1 60 up; good
switches, $1; finest, $3 50; extra, $5. Open
Sunday. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
WHY gray hair or baldness; MME. HALLIS-
TEN has an infallible remedy. Room 10,
274 Fourth st.
MRS. DR". SCHWARTZ, 852 Castro St.. Oak-
land; treatment, $2 60; reliable practitioner.
USE Quinonia and have a fine head of hair. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; ISx22, 35c; 20x24. 45c: 22x
28. 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c: rm. mold-
lngr.all colors.lc ft;open eve.Jones.647 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night- *1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 679 Geary st.
CONTRACTOR for sinking wells and drifting
tunnels for water. J. G., 4084 Grove st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Stcre has removed to 1036
Market; hairdresslng, popular prices.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Instalments. I*.
T MOS, 1117 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
CHILDREN'S dressmaking reasonable. 1012
Scott St., near Golden Gate aye.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. If. OMAR,
THE OCCULT WONDER,
Can tell your mother's maiden name; name
of your sweetheart or husband; full name of
ever}' caller. Invaluable advice on all affairs
of life, law, business, love, marriage, di-
vorce, etc. Unites the separated, causes
speedy marriage. Satisfaction guaranteed or
no fee accepted. 325 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates buried
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose disease, full life reading; la.
50c, gents $l:palm. andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR fortune by planets: predict-
ed In '74 overdue stmr. people on island. 234
Sixth, room 6.
WILL be absent from city for short time;
watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Market st.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. MOREAU best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 2T»c. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SEELEY'R grand flower test meeting to-
night. 1133 MlHSion, Cambrian Hall; 10 cents.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m. ; Sat. 8; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 2124 Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busl-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st. .
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305
Larkin: roadines dally at res.. 353 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
HYPNOTISM taught, diseases and habits cured;
send for Journal. CAL. INSTITUTE, 4024 Geary
HORSESL
FOR sale— 2o head horses; must be sold. Apply
Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 67-61 Minna at.,
between First and Second.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 887 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
tlay. BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to
$123; worth double the money. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant aye.
NEW barge, 12x62 by 5 feet deep; also 35 house-
mover's cribs; cheap; on beach at Sixteenth
and Kentucky sta. Apply steamer Queei of,
the Yukon, Folsom-st. wharf.
RESTAURANT outfit, complete, et 3256 Mis-
sion St.; cheap. Apply to A. O. COLTON,
Mills building^
FOR. sale — Dow steam pump. F. & G
THOMAS' Dye Works, 318 Eleventh st.
FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 large tanks, brass
pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
A FINE thing for a present; full line of
graphophones. $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
BOILER, 42x14, with steam drum, complete;
will test to 176 pounds. WHITE. 516 Mission.
150 SHARES Sutro Railroad stock, or excnange
for real estate. G. WOOD, Berkeley.
FRESH Al Jersey cow; choice animal for fam-
ily use; price reasonable. 3150 Twenty-fourth.
SECOND-HAND machinery for sale— l 20-horse
power stationary tubular boiler, 2 vertical en-
gines and other machinery for sale cheap for
caßh at the works of the KROGH MANU-
FACTURING CO., 61 Beale st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
FOR sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1802 Seventh St., Oakland.
$137 50— FISHER upright piano; good condition;
$10 down and $6 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES — New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original coat. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission St., nr. Seventh.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
SEWING MACHINES^
AUTOMATIC. Domestic Binger and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission at.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
JI9 HAVES ST.— Branch office of Tha Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
TO LEASE.
TO lease for a term of years, lot on the west
side of Taylor st., bet. Golden Gate aye. and
Turk st.; size of lot, 45:6x82:6. For particulars
apply to owner, 712 Guerrero st.
, CITY REAL ESTATE. {
HERE'S ANOTHER TT?Trrrrrr7." 7.7rn7r~r~
CHOICE PAIR OF FLATS '..
........ ONLY $3575 ONLY $8575 .
JUST WHAT YOU WANT . ..:.;... "..
...V.... LOCATION WILL SUIT YOU . .'"
..%:.. THE HOUSE WILL PLEASE YOU . "
...;.. THE PRICE WILL SATISFY YOU .
......:., ONLY "!575 ' ONLY ■ $3575 . .'. '..
Two elegant flats of 5 and 6 rooms, baths
brick foundation, stationary wash tubs, foun-
tain closets, etc; large lot front and rear- gar-
dens; bltuminlzed street and stone walks-
choicest bargain in the city. '
.... SEE 1T..'.. YOU WONT BE SORRY .. .
IT'S A GOOD THING ..'.'.. ....\.::..... ..,.-.'.
AND YOU'LL BUT IT ....... .!!!!!
HERMAN MURPHY, 636 Market St.:
A WESTERN Addition snap; a most desirable
northwest residence ■: corner 62x137;6, includ-
ing residence; all street work done and cement
sidewalk laid: cost over $25,000: price $13,000;
- without house (owner removing same), • $12,-
400; terms, cash $5000. balance mortgage 6«4
per cent: flats can be erected to pay 12 to 15
per cent on investment. • Address . box 18,
Call office.
PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. REDNALL, builder,
1326 Have?. . ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal. \
Lots from $150 up.
Houses. 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
nubile: nrnpprtv W.k-.fi after 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND . HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; 689 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED 8-room house; nice grounds; cen-
tral: to let. Z., box 12. Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND - BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline st., Oakland.
FINE sunny suite; also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1.-. THE LORNE, 562 Eighth '. st.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 679
Broadway. ,
OAKLAND ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished sunny bay-window rooms
•t• t and offices. 476 13th St.. corner Washington.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800— 50 feet front, west side Grand St.;
$1250, lot Alameda aye. and Paru st. ; $1200,
new 5-room cottage on Grand St.; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette st., near
San Antonio aye. ; $1000, 10 acres, right at
. Fruitvale; also chicken ranch; bargains in
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St., Alameda. .
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1525
Paclflo aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the. United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— 8-room house, lot 60x
; 137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station; cJso
. E-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON, 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
~ ~ BERKELEY HOUSES. ; ;
RENT $35; 8-room house, partly .furnished;
shade trees: lovely home place. Apply - 2207
Blake St., block east of Dwight way. Station.
• MEDICAL. •■ v ■• ;-
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
U true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick 'cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else ' fall ; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated;, no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
| fidential. MRS. M. .. DA VIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, ■ $5.
A TREATMENT- that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
. travelers helped at; once; home In confine-
ment: every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jone».
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
, fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; 1 price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on' all
, special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. ■ A — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. ,
NEW process for female trouble;' no' matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
'every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consul tatit\i free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1: cure, $5; by
the well-known DR.»POPPER, 818 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
• cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly:
. home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
. 6, 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), ■ best; rare, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phi la.
A' BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c. stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
■ aye., private home in confinement, with every
' comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
.' OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment $250. 852 Castro St., Oakland.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market St.; diseases of women
and children. . .
MRS. ARCHBARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment: confinement alone. $5. 156 Second st.
DENTISTS. ~
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
■ plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns,. $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
- no charge for extracting when plates are
made; oH plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE .v. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
• patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
x Ings. 597 Market St., cor. Sixth. — . ..-
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
~~~ STORAGE.
PIERCE- RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission- st. ; tel- Mint 1821.
4 - MARKET ST.— Branch office . Of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. .
, . . LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Assessment Book of Real and . Per-
sonal Property, 1898.— Office of the Clerk of
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall ; building, second
floor, July 6, 1898/
Public notice is hereby given,' In accordance
wiui section No. 3654 of the Political Code
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County. of San . Francisco, for the fiscal year
1898. has been completed and delivered to me
as Clerk of the 1 Jard of Super .^ors. together
with the map books and statements, and will
be ' open for examination .in this office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m., and that said
Board of Supervisors : met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property . therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July
6, 1898, at 2 o'clock, and will : ..iiereafter con- '
tinue In session from time to time until the i
business 'of ; equalization presented to them is '
disposed of, but not later than the 13th day of
July. 1898. : • ■ "
Applications for correction ' of assessment of
real . estate and personal property are ■ required
to be verified by oath.
. Public notice is also given that. In accord- I
ance with sections 1897, 1899 -nd . 3654 of the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com- I
pleted, delivered over :to me, , and -is - now open i
for examination and correction, as provided by i
law. ■" 'JNu. A. RUSSELL, Clerk. 7 |
: PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
20 HOUSES and lots in city $500 to $io7ooi)
50 ranches, 10 to 500 acre 5........ 300 to 20,000
10 Oakland, 20 Berkeley pieces... 600 to 1,500
100 business places, all kinds..... 50 to s,(Jut), (Jut)
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A COTTAGE in Los Gatos for rooming-house.
- ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A FINE house and lot in Oakland (clear) for
San Francisco property; will assume mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
$1000 FOR two Park building lots; light mort-
: gage; instalments orl exchange. Box 34, Call.
HONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. ■.. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. abov»
Sixth; telephone South 14. - -
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & Co., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and* jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, -estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates ; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. - ■
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage . and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of ' the ; publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FLEMING— JuIy 16, 1898, to the wife of Charles
S. Fleming, a son.
HIGGINS— this city, July 14. IS9B, to the
wife of J. E. Higgins, a daughter.
SHARP— In this city, July 17, 1898, to the wife
of J. H. Sharp, a daughter.
DIED. ''
Boyle, Louise McCaffrey, Hugh E.
Baumler, Annie • ■ McKeown, Caroline
Bocarde, Harvey H. Mulvey, George D.
-Flanagan, Patrick Meyer, Mrs. E. D.
Greenlaw, Florence ' Richardson, John
. Geist, Lilian W. ; . Rosenthal, Mary A.
Hanson, Charlotte : Sullivan, Theresa
Hearon, William L. Sutterfleld. Calvin
4 King, Jessie . Trevillian, Frank W.
Kautz, Mrs. Anna Whear, Samuel
Lafrenz, Dora Warnholz. Marie
Linehan, Ellen , Warren, Mrs. C. L.
BAUMLER— In the City and County Hospital,
July 17, . 1898, Annie Baumler, a native of
Chile, aged 32 years.
BOCARDE— In this city. July 16, 1895,, Harvey
H. Bocarde, a native of Elmlra, N. V., aged
' 26 years.
: E?"Funeral and interment private.
FLANAGAN— this city, at Ocean View, July
16, 1898, Patrick Flanagan, a native of County
Down, Ireland, aged 70 years.
GREENLAW— this city, July 17, 1898, Flor-
ence Jenett, beloved daughter of Annie C.
and John B. Greenlaw, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 3 months and 27 days.
GEIST— this city, July 17, 1898. Lilian W..
dearly beloved daughter of William and Ra-
chel Gelst, and sister of Mrs.' Fred Reeb.
' a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years 11
months and 18 days. •
HANSON— this city, July 17. 1898, Charlotte,
. wife of the late Charles Hanson, and mother
. of William H. Hanson, a native of New Ha-
ven, Conn. - v r -^' -v : .---
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter. - .
HEARON— In this city, July 17, 1898. William
Leo, dearly beloved and . youngest son of
Samuel and Catherine Hearon, and brother
j of Simon and Alviro Hearon, a native of San
, Francisco, aj;ed 2 months and 23 days.
KING— In this city, July 17, 1898, Jessie, , be-
loved wife of Thomas King, daughter of
' Mrs. Katherine Nelson, and sister of ■ Mrs.
G. Lammers and Mrs. Joseph Nichols, a na-
tive of California, aged 29 - years and 27
days. • ,- -v '■'■'
KAUTZ— In this city, July 17, 1898, Mrs. Anna
Kautz, dearly beloved mother of -Albert H.
Ehret, a native of Canton Basel. Switzerland,
aged 72 years 9 months and 10 days.
7'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
. Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAFRENZ— ' this city, July 17, 1898, Dora,
- infant daughter of Henry and Josie Lafrenz,
a native of San - Francisco, aged 1 year 2
months and. 2l days. -
LINEHAN— In this city, July 16, 1398. Ellen,
beloved wife of Owen Linehan, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 48 years.-
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 441 Eleventh street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
McCAFFREY— In this city, July 16. Hugh
E., beloved son of Catherine and the late
Hugh McCaffrey,- a native of San Francisco,
• (New Orleans, La., papers please copy.) - :
% [CTThe funeral will take place this day .
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 148 Hawthorne \ street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McKEOWN— In this city, July 16, 1898. Caro-
line Mary, relict of the late John McKeown,
and beloved mother of Mrs. J. Lowney, Mrs.
■ M. A. Hurley and John and James Mc-
Keown, a native of Hill ton, Ireland, aged 82
' years 11 months and 13 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 9 Oak Grove avenue, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULVEY— In this city, July 16, 1898, George
D., dearly beloved son of Thomas and Mary
Mulvey, and brother of Mary, Francis, Ag-
nes, Thomas and William . Mulvey, a native
' of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 17 days.
MEYER— this city, July 16, 1898, Mrs. Eliza-
beth D. Meyer, a native of Baltimore, aged
72 years and 6 months.
RICHARDSON— In this city, July 15, 1898, John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth • Richardson,
and father of A. W., John J. and George F.
Richardson and Mrs. Mary Wallace, and his
adopted sons E. W. and Frederick H. Rich-
ardson, a native of Scotland, aged 67 years .
1 months and 15 days. c
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clocK, from his late resi-
dence, 605 Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
..' seph's Church, where a high ' requiem mass
■ will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
' Calvary Cemetery.
ROSENTHAL— In this city, July 17, 1898, Mary
Annetta, beloved wife of Alfred A. Rosen-
thai, mother of Errol ' and Vera M. Rosen-
thai, daughter of Margaret Nolan, and sister
' of Ida Nolan and Mrs. D. Lyons, a native
' of San Francisco, aged 25 years. (Sacramen-
to and Stockton papers please copy.)
[C 7" Friends and acoualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Tuesday), at ' 10 o'clock, from 1623 Bush
■ street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary "
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. July 17. IS9B, Theresa
' Sullivan, beloved mother of Mrs. J. B. ; Ken-
■ ney. and Annie and Thomas Sullivan, a na-
tive of Dublin. Ireland, aged 52 years 2
months and 7 days. :
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 653 Willow avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy. Cross Cemetery.
SUTTERFIELD— In the City and County Hos-
pital, July 17. 1898, Calvin Sutterfleld, a na-
tive of Missouri, aged 65 years.
TREVILLIAN— In this city, July 17. 1898,
Frank W Illiam, ' beloved Bon of Frank and .
the late Hannah' Trevillian, and brother of
Joseph, Elizabeth, Lydia, James. Fannie,
William -and Lucy -Trevillian, a native of
- Grass Valley, Cal., aged 26 years.
WHEAR— In the City and County Hospital,
July 17. 1898. ' Samuel Whear, a native of
• England. ■ '
WARNHOLZ— In this city. July 17, 1898. Ma-
rie, dearly beloved mother of Fred. Charlie,
Henry, : William ' and Herrman Warnholz, a
native of Holstetn, Germany, aged 76 years
- 5 months and 25 days.
£7" Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),' at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
- of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
- Eighth. - Interment .I.:O. . O. F. ■ Cemetery. .
I WARREN— In this city, July 16, IS9S. Mrs. C.
L. Warren, a native of Maine, aged 61 years
' 6 months and 11 days.
T. L. I.— Young Ladies' Institute No. B— Dear
Sisters: . You are hereby notified to attend
a : requiem ■ mass to-morrow ; (Tuesday) morn-
ing, at 7:80 o'clock, at St. Charles Church.
I Eighteenth and Shot well - streets, for the re-
I pose of the soul of our lately deceased sister.
Louise Boyle. - :
I •••'•;•- McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
I UKtKAL DIRECTORS A EMBA.I.MBRS , :
i* IUTH ST., Opp. Lincoln S»*Mi. :
■ ..--■■■: Telephone, South 80. - - . ■
. • .-V- -...--, •■- --„.;--„ ■ '■ ■.-, ' -. • .-.. • '
■■Mam— MKW WTMWWII ■I.JIUUIIIfP'IP* tWffffWßßKmtm
I ii. b. m'avot. Manager. ■ - .
McAVOV it CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAT.MTHTMi
• 1233 Market St, between Bth and 9th.
"_^____l|elephono^outh247^^^^^^^
910
FOUND DEAD IN HER BED WITH
A RAG TIGHTENED ABOUT HER NECK
Mrs. Sadie Carpenter Makes a Mysterious
Plunge Into the Unknown.
MURDER AND SUICIDE THEO
RIZES.
A Han Said to Be a German Baron..
Under Arrest — Tragedy of
a Fourth-Street Lodging- ,
.':V:\ House. ijf -
About three years; ago people were
Bhocked and women In the "tenderloin
district" were terrorized by the mur
derous deeds of a strangler. Several
women fell victims to his fiendish lust
for blood, and all the efforts of the po
lice to_dlscover his identity were futile.
The police are agaftn confronted with
what some believe to» be the work of a
strangler, the vlctfan being also a
woman in low life.
The woman was Sadie Carpenter, who
occupied room 10 in the Hubbard House,
139 Fourth street. So far as known,
she was last seen altve Jn her room
about 11:30 o'clock Saturday night by
Joseph Yon Lochner, who occupied an
adjoining room.
Liezie Riley, who occupies room 11,
heard a noise as If some one were
moaning In room 10 about half-past 1
o'clock yesterday morning, and notified
Alphonse Prieur, th^ night clerk, that
something was wrong in room 10.
Prieur knocked on Yon Lochner's door
and roused him from his sleep. To
gether they entered room 10, and while
Prieur turned his attention to lighting
the gas Yon Lochner went to the bed
and found the woman was dead. A
piece nf calico was tied tightly round
her throat and Yon L.ochner quickly
ned It. Her face was still warm,
but her hands were cold*
Prieur notified Policeman Tuite and
the woman's body was removed to the
Morgue. About two hours later Yon
Lochner was arrested ami locked up in
the "tanks" pending an Investigation.
There Is nothing so far against him ex
cept that he is the last one who Is
known to have seen her prior to her
(Win. He was a friend of the woman,
and It is said that she was indebted to
him for many acts of kindness.
Detectives Dillon and CVDea and Po
licemen Tuite and O'Keefe were de
tailed on the case. They closely exam
ined the room, but no sign of a strug
gle could be found, nothing in the room
LAY THE CORNERSTONE OF THE YOUTHS' DIRECTORY
His Grace the
Archbishop
Acts.
The Impressive ceremony of laying the
cornerstone of the Youths' Directory was
performed yesterday afternoon by Arch
bishop Rlordan in the presence of an Im-
mense concourse of people.. The site of
the new home for friendless boys is on
Nineteenth Htre*»t. near Guerrero. Long
before the hour appointed for the e.xer
cises every point of vantage from which
they could be viewed was filled with spec
tators. The Beats provided in the Imme
diate vicinity of the structure were soon
filled. With the arrival of the various
societies, th 6 members of which were to
take part in the ceremonies, there were
over thirty thousand persona grouped
about the building.
Archbishop Riordan officiated In plac
ing the cornerstone and laying the mor
tar, using a Oliver trowel presented to the
Rev. D. O. Crowley by William Broderlck.
The people stood with bared heads dur
ing the ceremony. A grand chorus sang
••Hear Us! O Father!" Thia was es
pecially arranged for the occasion by J.
W. McKenzle, and was from "Cavalleria
Rusticana." Miss Minnie Powell was so-
loist.
With Archbishop Riordan, who was in
full canonicals, were a number of acolytes
In Buxplloe and cassock, and the following
being disarranged. When found by
Yon Lochner the woman was lying in
bed dressed In the wrapper she always
SADIE CARPENTER AND THE ROOM WHERE SHE WAS FOUND STRANGLED.
slept in and her arms were stiffened by
her sides.
Captain Seymour had a talk with Yon
I-nchner and he felt convinced that he
had nothing to do with the woman's death,
priests: ■ -
Very Rev. Father Frieden. 8. J.; Rev.
Father Allen, S. J., Superior. St. Ignatius:
Vary Rev. Father Maximilian, O. F. M.,
Superior St. Boniface; Very Rev. Father
Raphael. O. F. M., Superior St. An
thony's: Very Rev. Father Redehan, St.
Peter and St. Paul's; Rev. Patrick J.
Foote, S. J.; Rev. Vincent Festa. S. J.;
Rev. Patrick George Butler, S. J.; Father
McNaboe; Rev. T. Phillips. Berkeley;
Rev. P. J. Hicks. S. J.; Rev. T. Caraher;
Rev. M. J. Giles; Rev. Father Con way;
Rev. Joseph F. Byrne; Rev. P. J. Mulli
gan; Rev. John F. McGlnty; . Rev. M.
Kenneallyjßev. D. O. Crowley; Rev. M.
D. Connolly- Rev. P. R. Lynch; Rev. D.
O"Sullivan; Rev. Ja::ies Melvin; Rev. P.
J. Cummins, and the Rev. Horatio Steb
bins of the First Unitarian Church.
It was originally planned that the Rev.
J. Prendergast, V. G., should deliver the
address of the day. At the eleventh
hour he was taken ill. and Father Con
nolly of St. Paul's took his place. He
spoke without preparation, but his heart
was so full of his subject that he enter
ed upon his discourse readily. He held
the attention of the vast throng to; the
end. being frequently Interrupted with
applause. In part he spoke. as follows:
I am sorry, and I am Bure. you will"-!*
disappointed to learn that Father Pren- ■
dergast, who was ■to address . you on this
• occasion, la too 111 to be ' present. *: He ■ It
was who conceived : the idea of establish
ing In this city a home for poor nerleoted
boys. It would give him Infinite pleasure
to assist In laying " the cornerstone for
this new home. for orphan boy».
This ceremony . which you have lust wit
nessed ' marks an epoch In the history of
charitable ■ institutions In ' our city. It
enlists the sympathy . of every " true and
patriotic citizen. EJvery man is willing
to burden . himself for the education of the
rising generation. There I* no tax paid
so willingly as that for the maintenance, of
public school*. W* • all know . the value : to ■'
church and state • and society of education.
The children for whom we so willingly pay.
' this are the children who come ' from good
homes. . They arc safely guarded by the '
best of Influences and kept - from , evil ■ In
fluence*. : -■-... •. .
Not so the children: who become wards
of the Youth*' Directory. Brought up In the
streets ,of -a' cosmopolitan city like this
they are open' to . many Influences that are
bad. . Modern ' civilization tends to gather
large populations in big cities. The people
live so closely together that there Is scarce- :
ly room to . breathe. This state ; of ' society .'
has Its drawbacks. It .Is the cause of much ,-■:
vice. . Temptations . are placed . before peo- * •
ple who have : not been . prepared 'to offer :
sufficient- resistance.' •.,. .-, ,~ :
t The home ■is the proper place .la which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JULY 18, 1898.
but thought it advisable to hold him till
a complete Investigation was made. The
captain is inclined to the theory that the
woman committed suicide.
Yon Lochner says he had known the
woman for about four years. He had
been a friend to her, but that was all.
She had received a letter from a friend
Saturday morning containing a medal.
The pin of the medal had become loose
and he took the medal and pin with him
to get them fixed.
"I got home shortly after 11 o'clock last
night," he said, "and Mrs. Carpenter's
room door was partly open. I went in
and gave her the medal. She talked a
little about her friend George, who had
sent it from Chlckamauga, and then com
plained of not feeling well. She was pre
paring a poultice when I entered and
after she had gone to bed I bade her good
night and left the room, closing the door,
which had a spring lock, after me.
"I went to bed and was awakened after
1 o'clock by the night clerk, who told me
there was something wrong with 8adl«.
He went and got the key and we en
tered the room. He turned on the gas
and I went straight to the bed. 1 shook
her twice and then I noticed the rag
round her neck, which I tore off. She
to educate the boy or girl. There Is no
other place its equal. Almighty God found
ed It and Christ made the marriage tie In
dissoluble for the protection of tha children.
The Youtb-' Dlrectcy Is intended to Fup
ply the place of home for poor boys who
through the fault of parents have been
deprived of that blessed haven. The ma
jority are sent from home when the de
mon of drink enters It. Thoy are cast
upon society without the protection either
of father or mother. The boy deprived of
a Christian home appeals strongly to the
heart of man. That man Is devoid of man
hood who would remaJn passive when he
could relieve the sufferings of a little boy
wandering about a city, with no future
before him except one of crime aaC
wretchedness.
SocUtr Is responsible and le bound to
supply the remedy. We must take an In
terest In homeless aM neglected boys. The
Youths' Directory hus done this In the paHt,
Is doing It now and In the time to come
will be still more useful, as the ceremony
to-day foretells. It will then be tenfoM
what It le now, especially If you take an
earnest, practical Interest In it.
The speaker then sketched briefly the
history of the Directory from its origin.
He epoke- of the scope of the work, em
bracing, as It does, boys of all creed 3, all
nationalities. He explained that no ef
fort was made nor would it be tolerated
to interfere with the religious belief of
even one little child. He eulogized Father
D. O. Crowley for his unselfish work on
behalf of the institution. He praised
Archbishop Riordan for his interest in
the workings of the home and thanked
the various societies for their support.
A feature of the ceremony was the
procession of over 5000 representative
members from the various Catholic so
cle-ties throughout this city, Oakland and
Alameda. Its purpose, in addition to com
memorating the ceremony that immedi
ately succeeded It, was to emphasize the
progress the Youths' Directory has made
Since its inception years ago by march-
Ing from the first and original home and
shelter for unfortunate waifs at Tenth
and Howard streets past the present
home to the site of the new structure on
Nineteenth Btreet.
The place of formation was Immedi
ately in front of St. Mary"s Cathedral on
Van Ness avenuo and O'Farrell street.
The line of march before the procession
passed the old structure on Tenth street
extended along Van Ness avenue to Mar
ket street, to Tenth and thence directly
to Howard.
Accompanying each society was a band,
led by the president and aids on horse
back.
was dead, but her face was still warm,
although her hands were cold.
Yon Lochner was a lieutenant in the
German army during the Franco-German
war and his friends say that he is a
baron in his own right. He receives a
pension of $370 per year from the Ger
man Government. lie is a widower, hav
ing a son employed as a plumber in this
city. He came here in I$7G and was for
some time employed by C. Ehmann, a
photographer on Fourth street. His
friends say that he was never known to
be in trouble before.
The one roomer in the house who seems
to hold the key to the situation is Mrs.
Lizzie Rlley, but the police doubt her
story. Her room is No. 11. adjoining th«
on© in which the dead woman was found,
Mrs. Riley's story runs as follows: "I
was awakened out of a sleep after X
o'clock this morning by a scuffling noise,
which I could not at first locate. It
seemed to come from overhead at first,
but when fully awake I discovered It to
be In the room next to mine, the one oc
cupied by Sadie. This noise soon ceaseu
and gave way to a peculiar scraping
sound, like a spool of cotton running over
the floor. This continued some twenty
minutes. I became very nervous and was
determined to see what was the matter,
when the door of Sadie Carpenter's room
opened and then was closed with a bang.
I heard footsteps of some man who worw
shoes that creaked going through the hall
and down the stairs to the street.
"After that I jumped up and opened my
door, went out in the hall and called tno
night clerk. He came with great reluc
tance.. I then told him that something
was wrong in number 10. He woke up
When the first distant sound of the
drum was heard announcing the advance
of tho procession hundreds of people col
lected In front of the old building on
Tenth street and crowded the sidewalks
along the entire line of march. As the
first column advanced Into Tenth street
from Market a loud cheer rose from the
maws of humanity In front of the old
home and was renewed at frequent inter
vals until the last banner waa lost to
view In the distance.
It was an impressive spectacle to see
the little army advancing with banners
of the various religious fraternities
flaunting and waving above the thous
ands In line. Coupled with and carried
abreast, forming a background to the
white and varied colored banners, were
the stars and stripes, which were in
variably associated with every fraternal
banner raised in Indication of the society
represented.
The entire procession was led by
Thomas R. Bannerman, assisted by his
several aids. The order of march was as
follows:
Grand marshal and aids— X. R. B. Rifles,
St. Ignatius' Sodality, Austrian Benevolent
Society. Marshal and aids— Councils Y. M. I.
Senior League of Cross, Bt. Paul's, Sodality or
St. Paul's. Marshal and aids— St. Peter's Ger
man Benevolent, St. Paul's Unterst Vereln. St.
Antonlua Juengrlngs und Knaben Sodolltat, St.
Joseph's Unterst Vereln. members of Confra
tornlty of St. Jooeph's Italian Church. Marshal
and aido— Y. M. C. U.. Holy Cross Sodality. Bt.
Vincent d« Paul, Conference of St. Joseph's,
Younj Men's Sodality of St. Joseph's, St.
Dominic's Sodality. Marshal and aids and
ban,), Divisions 2 to 8, A. O. H.. Divisions 9
to 20, A. O. H., Divisions 1 to 6, A. O. H. of
Alameda County.
The exercises yesterday "were arrangred
by and under the direction of the follow
ing:
President. James R. Kelly.
Vice-President, Matt 1. Sullivan.
Secretary, David 3. Costello.
Committee on press— Eustace Culllnan, D. J.
Coetello, C. B. Flanagan, George E. Gallagher,
Joseph Sullivan.
Committee on parade— J. J. O'Toole, J. H.
Grady, J. J. Donovan, A. B. Magulre, Georgv
H. Gallagher.
On the stand were the following repre
sentatives of the laity:
James R. Kelly, John D, Grady, James
O'Brien, P. J. Kelleher, Frank Conklln. Joseph
Sullivan, Carl Eisenchlmel, George E. Galla
gher, Matt I. Sullivan. Eustace Culllnan, T.
R. Bannerman, Dr. John J. Gallagher, Qua
Magulre, Jul'.uh Kahn, J. J. Donovan, Harry
Measher, E. J. McCoy, C. B. Flanagan, J. J.
Glldea, Dr. Gibbon, General P. J. Walsh, Vin
cent Culllnan, John S. Bannerman, Eugene
' Joseph Lochner, on whose door he pouiwl
led twice. Lochner came out in a nlght
i gown and the two entered."
Mrs. Riley did not know the deceased
very well. She says that Mra. Carpentei
was secretive, reserved and attended to
her own affairs with a Jealous care. Mr*.
Riley heard several people enter her room
during the evening. The last one who
guinea admittance to her knowledge was
a heavy-set German. This was about 9
o'clock. She heard Mrs. Carpenter say
good-night to him a half hour later as
she escorted him to the door. Mrs. Riley.
of all the roomers, was the only one who
gained a slender confidence of the dead
woman. Bhe says that Mrs. Carpenter
mentioned to her a few days ago certain
fears of being strangled by some person
who had once before threatened hef life.
The rooms of Lochner and Mrs. Carpen
ter adjoin, with a door between. Accord
ing to the statement o< one in the employ
of ttte house this door was seldom locked.
On Mrs. Carpenter's side there are two
screw eyes, through which a aurling-iron
was run. This was found in place when
the body was discovered.
The statement of Mrs. Riley of bearing:
what she thought was a scuffle In Mrs.
Carpenter's room Is partly borne out by
the appearance of the deaa woman's faoe,
which would lead to the Impression thai
she did not die without a struggle. On
the left side of the face Just below the
ear is a mark of a finger nail, and on the
right side of the nose close to the ey«
there is another distinct mark of a fln
f©r nail which drew blood that flowed
own the side of the nose into the nos
tril. There is also a large abrasion or. the
left knee and a smaller one a little below
It, both having the appearance of being
freshly made. Policeman O'Keefe also
noticed that when he first saw the body
In the room there was a red mark on the
throat.
These are against the suicide theory,
and there are other things. The woman
had nearly $1300 to her credit In the HJ
bernla Bank, so that poverty was not
staring her in the face. She had an ofter N
of marriage as soon as she got a divorce
from Carpenter, If nhe felt so inclined, and
she had a pleasant home with her parents
and children In Monterey waiting her al
ways.
It was first reported that robbery was
the cause of the strangling as no money
was found in her room, but that Is ac
counted for by the fact that she banked
all that she could spare. The last de
posit made by her was $25 on July 6.
If Mrs. Riley Is to be believed, and there
Is apparently no reason to doubt her,
there was a man In room 10 shortly before
the woman was found dead, and It is
within the rang© of probability that he
was the man who had once before threat
ened her life. It Is, however, strange that
no screams were heard.
According to papers found In the dead
woman's room her maiden name was
Sadie Anderson, and she was married }n
Chariton, lowa, on February 28, 1884, to
J. Mark Simpson, who is now in South
Dakota. She was divorced from Simp
son about eighteen months ago and last
December married Henry S. Carpenter, a
shoemaker at 401 Tenth street, Oakland.
The marriage took place at her parent's
home in Monterey, where her two chil
dren by her first marriage, two girls, one
13 years of age and the other 10, are liv
ing. She did not live long with Carpenter
as she had occupied the room at 139
Fourth street since last Christmas.
Several letters were found among her
papers from Carpenter, the last sent from
Lathrop on April 12. couched In affection
ate terms and telling her that he had got
a nice house for his business and wanting
her to go to him and start a millinery
store. He called upon her at her room
about six weeks ag<*>. so the police say.
There were also several letters from
Sergeant George GUT. "an of Company F.
Fifth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, at
Chickamauga. The last was dated July
10 and he called himself her "future hus
band" and spoke of the happy time they
would have when they got married after
thf war was over. It was from him she
got the medal referred to by Lochner.
Amid Highly
Impressive
Rites.
Hannen, James H. O'Nell. J. J. O'Toole, J. F.
Sullivan, J. C. O'Connor, W. W. O'Shaugh
nessy, Edward Dillon, T. P. Rlordan, John F.
Henry, 3. P. Dignan, E. Brown, J. B. Mo-
Intyre, David J. Costello, J. M, O'Mahony, J.
J. Donohue, P. J. McCormick, R. Sheputon, C.
B. Flanagan, John D. Mahoney.
In the metal box placed within the cor
nerstone were the following articles:
Copies of the St. Joseph's Union, Monitor,
Volksfreund. Nation. Arvntsk Sloga, Call, Ex
aminer, Chronicle, Bullet**. Report, Poet; his
tory of the Institution In Engllßh; history of
the day In Latin, special mention bolng made of
the reigning Pope; th« Metropolitan of this
Ecclesiastical Province; the President of the
United States; the Governor of the State of
California; the Mayor of the City of San Fran
olsco and the founder and first director of the
Youths' Directory; photographs of the "Home
less Boy," a group of Directory boys, tht> Pope,
the Archbishop, the President, the Governor,
the Mayor, the director of the Youths' Direc
tory, photographs of naval heroes of Maxilla
and Santiago bays and of our great battleship*,
Maine, Olympla, Charleston. Oregon. San Fran
olsco, New York, lowa, Texus and Brooklyn;
copy of the constitution and by-laws of the
Youths' Directory; the names of officers and
Board of Directors; the names of many other
benefactors; poem by Judge Ferral; coins of the
United States; statuettes of St. Joseph and the
Blessed Virgin; names of officers and members
of committees who took part In arranging for
the laying of the oorneratone; names of officers
and societies which took part In the celebra
tion; name of the architect, Mr. Devlin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT!
EXTRA VALUES
This Week!
250 dozen LINEN DAMASK NAPKINS, 22 inches
square, new designs $1.50 dozen
150 dozen LINEN HUCK TOWELS, hemmed, extra
quality $ 1.50 dozen
40 pieces CREAM LINEN TABLE DAMASK, 60 inches
wide, all pure linen 50c yard
3 cases EXTRA QUALITY WHITE BEDSPREADS, full
size, hemmed $1.00 each
150 8-4xB-4 REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE
COVERS, heavy fringes and all new colorings
$2.50 each
200 pieces PRINTED LAPPET MULLS LACE DIMI-
TIES and JACQUARD SWISS 10c yard
5 cases NEW PRINTED PERCALES, 36 inches wide,
in Indigos, Cochineals and light grounds
12ic yard
ISTOTE.— We will also show this
week 175 pieces SCOTCH TENNIS FLAN-
NEL, in medium and light colorings,
Checks, Stripes and Plaids (warranted
fast colors) 3Oc yard
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
W. B. Morse of Salem, Or., is a guest at
the California.
H. B. Gilliß, apopular attorney of Yreka,
Is at the Grand.
De Putron Gliddon of Colorado Springs
is at the California.
N. Blackstock, a Ventura merchant, is
a guest at the Grand Hotel.
Mrs. Dr. A. N. Abbott of Boston is stop
ping at the California Hotel.
J. Williams, a popular New York com
mercial man, is at the Bald-win.
B. W. de Witt of Washington, D. C,
is a guest at the Baldwin Hotel.
M. M. Odell. a well known capitalist of
BakersfleUl, Is at the Russ House.
J. M. Lever, a well-to-do merchant of
Vallejo, is at the Baldwin Hotel.
Joseph Scott, a mining man hailing from
Montana, is a guest at the California.
F. E. Bendlxen, a well-to-do merchant
and shipowner of Eureka, is at the Grand.
I. P. Diggs, the great breeder of racing
stock, from Woodland, Is stopping at the
Baldwin.
F. M. Meridith, a prominent mining man
of Mojave, is at the Russ House for a
few days.
D. Drysdale of St. Michael arrived from
the north last night and is registered at
the Palace.
Thomas H. Petch, dealer tn paints and
oils at Eureka, is making a short stay at
the Grard Hotel.
Among the guests at the Grand are H.
H. Martin and E. Pattee. well known min
ing men of Honora.
J. H. Mason of the Ventura Free Press
Is spending a few days in this city. Ho
is at the California.
Max Geas of the Institute for the Deaf
and Dumb and Blind at Berkeley, is a
guest at the Lick House.
Carl E. Lindsay, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz County, is up on a business
trip, and is registered at the Grand.
George S. Rees and wife of Washington,
D. C, are making: a short stay in this city.
They are registered at the Lick House,
Franklin Leonard, a prosperous miring
man of Nevada, and A. D. Foote, a min
ing man of Grass Valley, are stopping at
the Palace.
Frank A. Cressey, a prominent mer
chant of Modesto, is making his head
quarters at the IJck, during a brief stay
in this city.
Among the guests at the Occidental are
Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Curran of New York.
Mr. Curran is prominent in New York
insurance circles.
C. B. Roberts, a mining man, who has
fared well on a Klondike expedition, ar
rived on the St. Paul last evening and Is
registered at the Russ House*
Among the successful returning miners
from Dawson City, and registered at the
Russ House, are J. E. Cleveland, Louis
Emkens, John Wick, Fred and H. Bruseth
and O. Lateo.
C. B. Alexander, a prominent attorney
of New York, arrived at the Palace last
evening. Mre. Alexander, who was for
merly Miss Hattie Crocker, is expected
to arrive in a few days.
W. Q. Morris of Seattle arrived at the
Grand Hotel last night, returning from
Dawson City, where he has been prospect
ing. He states that the laws enacted
sine© last spring's boom of the Klondike
have not done the chances of prospectors
much good.
Among the prominent miners and pros
pectors who arrived on the St. Paul last
evening are F. G. Berry, brother of Clar
ence Berry, one of the most successful
Klondlkers, and Frank Phiscator, Clar
ence Berry's partner. They are registered
at the Grand.
Occupation of the Philippines.
Rev. H. T. Shepard preached to a large
congregation last night In Olivet Con
gregational Church, his subject being
"Occupation of the Philippines."
GDLDBERq
BDWEN,
&CO.
TAX ON TEA
We pay it. You save it.
Ten cents on a pound. That
means much to us. But we'll
sell more tea. There will be no
change here on retail prices or
tea standards
SPECIAL SAVING SALE,>
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams— regularly 13c lb I IC
Old Dominion — eastern, sugar cured
Lentils— regularly 10c lb j^lbs 2CG
German. Eaten with ham gives it a
new relish. Made into soup they're
excellent
Butter— regularly 40c square 3£C
3 squares $1
Guaranteed fresh and sweet
Mustard— French-™ -i yao cboi I^C
Prepared, ready for use
Fruit syrups— reg'ly 50c bot 40c
Pine apple, raspberry, lemon, gum,
orgeat, strawberry, vanilla, grenadine,
pomegranate — summer drinks
Malt whiskey— Wm. Perm j^c
regularly $1 per bottle, seven years old
pure— medicinal
Fruit; yars-Ligktmng qu Z[ s sl %
regularly 75c and $1.50 dozen
The pints are not regular shape but are
good for berries and small fruit
The Lightning clasp is secure
Paraffine— regularly 15c Ib ib lOC
• Keeps jelly dust-»roof and air-tight
Melt a little Paraffine and pour on
each glass ;
Club SOda— Schtveppes $l.2?~
regularly $1.50 per dozen
The favorite in English dubs
Peach brandy— reg'iy 11.25 90c
Do you like the taste of peach seeds ?
Good for your stomach
Sardines— Tristan !OC
Think of it, a tin of good French sar-
dines for ten cents, Who wouldn't
eat sardines ?
Salad dressing Jg™ 2^c ■
reg'iy 30c bot. A good salad dressing
encourages the use of more salads and
that means better living— better
complexions— better health
Flour Sifters with wheel : 10C
Why wear your hands out for 10c
Toilet soaps ;V4
The two-bit kind for 20c ;
Pleasant odors -'
Mall orders entitled to these prices if posted not
later than Wednesday
45* . Pine «s Suttar tSoo California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
■%< t \ 31 ■ i ■ ' ■ §
Hadway's Ready Relief for Bprains. Braises. '
Bore Muscl««, Cramps, Burns. Sunburns. Back- -'
ache, Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia. Lumbago. : Internally for all Bowel
Pains. ; Colic. Diarrhoea, Dysentery. Cholerm
M»rbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc. All drug-
(lst*-