VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 4.
PANAMA CANAL CAN
NEVER BE FINISHED
M.MAURICE HUTI.N
TWO OF THE MOST PROMINENT MEN INTERESTED IN TRANS-ISTHMIAN CANALS
TO CONNECT THE ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC OCEANS.
iQterfereoce of Its Promoters Witt}
the Nicaraguar) Project Styled
fistouodiog Effrootery.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3. — It was stated at the White
House to-day that the Nicaragua Canal question was con
sidered by the President and members of the Cabinet.
Secretary Hay upon leaving would give no Information re
garding the conference, but said a communication had
been received from Consul Hart at Bogota, stating that
the House of Representatives of Colombia had rejected
the petition of the Panama Canal Company to extend the
time six years for completing work on the canal.
This is considered as a death blow to the Panama enter
prise, for one of the propositions said to have been sub
mitted to Secretary Hay by representatives of the Pana
ma company was that an agreement would be entered
into with the United States to complete the canal and have
ready for navigation within the remaining six years al
lowed the company to complete the work.
NEW YORK, Dec, 3.— Ex-Senator
Warner Miller, who was at the
head of the Nicaraguan Com
pany, in a public statement to
day touting the fact that rep
resentatives of the Panama Ca
nal C^mnany are reported to have gone
to Wa_ - ington supposedly to oppose
the building of the Nicaragua canal,
said he looked upon it as an "astound
ing piece of effrontery on their part."
Mr. Miller calls attention to a mes
sage sent to Congress by President
Hayes on March 8, iSSO, in which he
said: "The policy of this country is
a canal under American control. The
■United: States cannot consent to the
. surrender of this control to any Euro
pean power or to any combination of
: European powers. Our commercial in
terest in it is greater than all of. the
other countries, while its relations to
our. power and prosperity as a nation,
.to . our means of defense, our unity,
. peace and safety, are matters of para
. ..mount concern to the people of the
■ United States:" •'. •■••■ ; '
■ Mr! Miller then says: "The Ameri
. can. people will have no canal under
.any auspices save their own — that of
■;.'•• their own Government^— and if the Pan
ama canal is ever to be built it must
be surrendered to the control of the
:Unite.d States. It will be remembered
that in 1887 a congress met in Paris,
• called by Count de Lesseps, to consider
.the question of ah isthmian canal. At
that congress Count de Lesseps gave
:: it as .his opinion, and it was the judg
ment, of the entire assembly, that only
a. sea. level canal could be constructed
at Panama; that if a canal with locks,
was to be "built the proper place to
: build it was in Nicaragua. The con
gress decided in favor of a sea level
. eaiwU, and, of course, chose the Pan
ama route." :■•.;■ ■ .'■'■ .' .
Mr. Miller reviews the organization
of the old Panama Company, its work
in the United States to block the
Nicaraguan scheme, the failure of the
old company arid the formation of a
new Panama Canal Company for the
Purpose of keeping alive the. conces
sions from Colombia. Continuing, Mr.
Miller says: . ■
"Now when there seems to be a great
probability of .the United States Gov
ernment aiding- the Nicaragua canal
enterprise, the new Panama Company
appears upon the scene to procure or
prevent legislation, not with a large
amount of money, but by the simple
exercise of cheek. They are undertak
ing tp fool the American people with
the proposition that Panama is ■ the
proper place to build a high level ca
nal with locks, which De Lesseps and
congress in Paris declared not fea
sible in Panama, but feasible in Nica
ragua. President Hutin claims to
have solved the heretofore unsolvable
problems in connection with the P;in
.ama route. The Culobra Pass hus been
;.f+jund, according to his statement, per
fectly easy of.^execution. But a. corn
.mission of French, engineers sent over
by the French Gpvernment soon after
the failure of the other company made
. a most volum4nous report, which I
have recently examined, and I do not
/find anywhere in it that the commis
sion has ever said that the route was
feasible. They air say that if certain
possible contingencies did not happen
the canal might be constructed for
••something like $1,000,000,000. But this
Mr. Hutin has whittled down to some
thing like; $100,000,000."
Mr. Miller then enters Into an analy
sis, from an engineer's point of view,
-. .as to the difficulties to-be overcome as
to .the construction of the Panama ca
nai,- and concludes by stating that in
Bupportofthe claims of Mr. Hutin and
his assistants we have only their state-
mpnts: He adds:
"They admit openly that they come
here to persuade this Government or
Congress to do something in favor of
the Nicaragua canal, for they know
►cry well that the moment it is decided
by the American people, through their
Government, that the Nicaragua canal
■*all be built, they cannot longer pro
The San Francisco Call
. . . WARNER A\IU.SF^
cure money from the confiding people
of France . to be wasted in an imprac
ticable scheme." ' : ; : ?V ; :•;
♦
PRESIDENT WLESIAS'
VISIT TERMINATES
While in Washington He Favored an
International Agreement as to
the Nigaragua Canal.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— President
Iglesias said his adieu to President Mc-
Klnley to-day, expressing his deep ap
preciation for the official courtesies ex
tended to him since his arrival. He
made farewell calls also on Cabinet of
ficers in anticipt tion of his departure
for New York, and after a week's stay,
for London and Paris. Now that Presi
dent Iglesias' visit is about to end it is
said by those near to him that nothing
in the nature of an entente or formal
treaty has come out of the conference
he has had with the public officials, but
that they have been productive of a
full understanding. Iglesias has made
It clear that he favored an international
agreement in which the three countries
directly interested— the United States,
Nicaragua and Costa Rica — should take
common action to prevent any isth
mian channel from passing into the
control of foreign powers.
The authorities here, it is understood,
have held that nothing in the line of
international agreements was feasible
until Congress had definitely decided
upon a line of policy as to the canal.
THE CANAL -ROM A
NICARAGUAN STANDPOINT
President Zelaya D->es If re Intend to
Extend the Concessijn of the
Maritime Company.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3— The Times says:
At .the request of President Zelaya of
Nicaragua, a- personal friend of his baa
issued a statement presenting the status
of' the proposed Nicaragua Canal, from
the Nicaraguan standpoint. After review
ing at some length the details of the Car
denas-M^nocal concession, which was exe
cuted and transferred to the Maritime Ca
nal Company, the statement Is ma.de that
the company has done- no construction
work whatever since the concession be
came.oporativo, and concludes as follows:
. "Any claim on the part of the Maritime
Canal .Company to any extension of Its
concession beyond October 9, 1899; would
be treated as the merest effrontery, by the
N'lcaraguiin Government. Nicaraguans re
fuse to credit the rumor that the company
claims, a rißht to an extension. The pre
tension seems so preposterous, so wholly
without justification under the terms of
the contract, or on a basis of equity, that
it does not receive serious consideration.
The Government of Nicaragua has now
within the strict limits of its rights, and
actuated solely In the interests of the re
public, granted to those who represent
ability, experience and. capital a contract
to construct, operate and own the Inter
oceanic canal und to attain that object
the Government has not hesitated to
grant to the new concessionaires the most
liberal terms/]
IS SENTENCED TO
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
Punishment of Mrs. (Sarah Shenken-
berger for Poisoning Her
Daughter-in-Law.
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec. 3.— A special to
the Sentinel from FrariMort, Ind., says:
Mrs. Sarah Shenkenberger, charged with
poisoning her daughter-in-law, was de
clared guilty to-night by a jury and sen
tenced to life imprisonment. The trial
has lasted for two weeks and attracted
much attention. T».e courtroom was
crowded every day with women, who
brought their dinners and ate in the
room The murdered gi*l was a member
of one of the oldest and best families in
Sn'e eloped with Ed Shenkenberger five
years ago. They lived in various cities,
nnd returned to Frankfort last summer.
The young wife was sick, and was taken
to her mother-in-law's. She died, and,
her stomach being examined, arsenic in
large quantities was found. The evi
dence was convincing against Mrs. Shen
kenberger, although the defense tried to
make it a suicide. j
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
DISBARMENT
OF BURKE IS
RECOMMENDED
Dishonesty of Senator
and Judge.
SECURED DIVORCE BY FRAUD
OUTCOME OF CROOKED WORK IN
OHIO.
Trial Committee of the Cleveland
Bar Association Exposes the
Conduct of a Court and
a Lawyer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 3.— The report of
the trial committee of the Bar Associa
tion on the disbarment proceedings
against Senator Vernon Burke was
presented at a special meeting of the
association held this afternoon. The re
port says in part:
We find that Judge Dellenbaugh, whiie
acting as Judge of said. court, introduced
and sent to Mr. Burke Mrs. Edith Man
ning: that Mr. Burke performed services
for her in connection with a settlement
of a claim asserted by her against a
woman for alienating the affections of
her husband and in connection with the
preparation and hearing of a divorce case
against her husband, and that Mr. Burke
received from Mrs. Manning for these
services about $3500, $1100 of which was
paid by him to Judge Dellenbaugh as
follows: One thousand dollars July a,
1595, and $100 July IS, 1895.
From the evidence offered by Mr. Burke
to establish the truth of the words so
I spoken the committee find that Mr. Burke
[ is guilty of misconduct in his conduct as
an attorney-at-law and in his relation to
the Cleveland Bar Association; that ho
wrongfully connived and conspired with
Judge Dellenbaugh to procure a divorce
for Mrs. Manning in an irregular man
ner, contrary to law, and without proper
evidence, and in that he wrongfully con
spired with Judge Dellenbaugh to falsify
a record of the Court of Common Pleas
of Cuyahoga County.
We find that on October 2S, 1895, four
days before the expiration of Judge Del
lenbaugh's term of office by appointment
said divorce proceedings were secretly
heard by him as Judge, many months be
fore it could have been reported in its
regular order, without any motion, affi
davits or order for its advancement, and
without proper and necessary evidence
being produced at the hearing: that said
case at the time it was heard was not
docketed by title upon any docket or
calendar of said court, and that no entry
was thereafter made upon any trial dock
et or calendar of said court; that said
case had been heard or a decree therein
renders 1.
That Judge Del enbaugh, in April, 1896,
handed to the clerk of the Common Pleas
Court of Cuyahoga County a journal en
try in the Manning divorce case, which
he falsely represented to said clerk that
he had, while Judge of said court, ln
i dorsed. for entry; but said journal entry
I was in fact prepared and Indorsed after
April 10, 1596, and after Judge Dellen
baugh had ceased to be a Judge of said
court, by which representation said clerk
was wrongfully induced to believe that
said journal entry had been indorsed by
Judge Delienbaugh while a Judge of said
court, and that it was proper to enter
said decree on the journal of such court,
which he thereafter did.
The committee makes the following
recommendations:
First— That Vernon H. Burke be ex
pelled from the Cleveland Bar Associa
tion.
Second— That the secretary of the as
sociation be directed to present a copy
of these findings to the committee of in
vestigation, to be treated as a complaint
in writing, authorizing such proceedings
against Hon. Frank E. Dellenbaugh as
they may deem proper.
Third— That the secretary of the asso
citaion be directed to present a copy of
this report to the Circuit Court of Cuya
hoga County for such action in the prem
ises as the court may deem proper.
STRAINED RELATIONS OF
AUSTRIA AND GERMANY
Count Thun Hohenstein's Speech the
First Step Toward Dissolution
of Alliance.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Observer asserts that the
relations between Austria and Germany
are very much strained and that the
speech of Count Thun Hohenstein, the
Austrian Premier, in the Reichsrath, rec
ommending reprisals against Germany for
the expulsion of Austrians from that
country was only palatable on account
of the outspoken hostility for Germany
and as the first practical step toward the
dissolution of the Austro-German alliance.
The tendency of the Government is now,
the correspondent says, to suppress Ger
mans m favor of Slavs. The Franco-Ital
ian commercial treaty is a step toward
a combination of the Latin races, so the
accession of Slavs to power in Austria
Is a step toward an alliance with Russia.
GOFF DEFEATS MOORE.
Californian Has An Easy Time With
the Minnesotan.
NEW YORK. Dec. 3.— At the Pelican
Athletic Club, Brooklyn, Charley Goff of
California defeated Dick Moore of St.
Paul. Moore was hog fat when he en
tered the ring, and Goff had an easy time
with him. In the third round Goff floored
the Minnesota man with a left-hand hook
on the jaw. Moore, however, got to his
feet and managed to mix it up with Goff
lintll one minute and fifty seconds of the'
round had elapsed, when the Californian
whipped a right swing on his opponent's
jaw, which knocked him down and out.
THRIFTY AGUINALDO
WILL GET NO RANSOM
NEW YORK, Dec. 3. — A Washington special to the Herald says: No recent action has
been taken by this Government looking to the release of the Spanish prisoners held by
Aguinaldo and his followers. Inquiry at the War Department to-day developed the
fact that instructions have been sent to Major General Otis directing him to use his good of
fices to obtain the release of the prisoners, but so far he has not been successful, Aguinaldo
persisting in holding them for ransom.
It is freely stated in administration circles that if Aguinaldo does not release the Span
iards, demand will be made of him just as soon as the treaty of peace is ratified, and, failing to
comply with it, he will be compelled to give up the prisoners. The authorities are hopeful
that Aguinaldo will be willing to disband his army and surrender his prisoners.
VERNON H. BURKE.
CHINESE MERCHANT
SLAIN FOR HIS GOLD
With an Ax Robbers Decapitate Ah Yee,
Well Known Throughout Placer
County.
AUBURN, Dec. 3. — One of the most horrible murders ever perpetrated in
this section was the killing 1 last night of Ah Tee, a Chinaman, who
had lived here forty years, and was as well known as any inhabitant
In the county. He kept a general merchandise store, and bought
nearly all the gold dust mined around Auburn. His wealth was va
• MV'Hlly c-i'ttxaac- 1 *U ii^i.i $20,000 to $r<W,OOO.
The murder savor 3 cf the bloody deeds of the hatchetmen. Ah Tee's
head was completely severed from the body. A hatchet lay under him, and
an ax. by his side.
Ah Yee slept in his store, and alone, his hired help occupying- apartments
in the cellar. It is supposed that the murderers, whether white men or Chi
namen is not known, went into the store at 11 or 12 o'clock under the pre
tense of buying something, and while being 1 waited upon struck their vic
tim in the face several times with the hatchet. When he fell to the floor
they picked up a new ax and completely severed the head from the body.
They then went into his private room, where he is supposed to have kept
all his money, and made away with it.
Some gold dust has been found, but as yet no money. Sheriff Conroy
and Coroner Mitchell are investigating the case.
Some twenty years ago an attempt was made by highbinders to take
the Chinaman's life, but the officers do not think this a similar case. They
believe that the killing was done for robbery alone.
Ah Yee was a See Yup. As there were no Sam Yups here and he was
well liked by his countrymen it is thought probable that if he was
killed by Chinamen they must have been outsiders. The only cluejthus
far is that a strange Chinaman was seen in town last night.
DEMONSTRATION IN
FAVOR OF DREYFUS
PARIS, Dec. 3.— An imposing meet-
Ing was held here this evening in the
Grand Orient Hall in favor of the re
vision of the Dreyfus case and to pro
test against the Picquart trial.
Speeches were made by Anatone
France, the poet. Dr. Paul Reclus,
Joseph Reinach, formerly a Republi
can member of the Chamber of Depu
ties and others, demanding the aboli
tion of the court-martial, and a reso
lution was voted expressing admiration
for Colonel Picquart.
After the meeting demonstrations
were made against MM. Drumont and
Rochefort in front of the offices of the
newspapers Eclaire and Libre Parole.
HIDING IN MEXICO.
Plunger Gillett Has : Not Yet i Been
:it !k Arrested. i .;•' .1 ; <;;_~ :
ST LOUIS, Dec. 3.— A special to the Re
public from El Paso, Tex.,. says: There
is a hot tip here to-day, that Grant G.
Gillett, the missing Abilene (Kans.) cattle
plunger, is, in hiding at Juarez.; Mexico,
and the authorities there are making
strenuous efforts to locate him. _
A hackman r here : who ' claims :to know
Oillett says he conveyed him across the
river twoT days ago.' The El Paso Chief
of Police says his attention. was attracted
yesterday to a . stranger disguised by a
wie and beard, who entered • a bank in
this city and . after ; exenanging a - large
amount of United States money for Mex
ican currency entered a carriage.and- was
driven to Juarez. The Chief is 'of the
opinion that theman wasjGillett.
On Marysville's Gridiron.
MARYSVILLE, Dec. 3-The High
School football teams of Marysville and
Sutter City met on the local gridiron this
afternoon. The game resulted in favor of
Marysville by a score of 10 to 0.
PREMIER HOHENSTEIN'S
SENSATIONAL SPEECH
Francis Kossuth Gives Notice of an
Interesting Interpellation of
the Government.
BUDAPEST, Dec. 3.— The speech of
Count Thun Hohenstein. the Austrian
Premier, when he protested in the Relchs
rath against the expulsion of Austrian
subjects from Prussia and threatened re
prisals, continues to be the political sen
sation of the day.
Francis Kossuth notified the Hungarian
Premier. Baron Banffy, to-day of his in
tention to interpellate the Government as
to whether the speech had previously
been approved by Count Goluchowski, the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, and of the
imperial house of the whole monarchy
and as to whether the Government per
ceives danger to the cohesion of the Drel
bund in "the unusual and menacing lan
guage" employed by Count yon Thun
Hohenstein, in spite of the promise to
stop the grievances complained of.
TALKED OF THE CENTRAL
PACIFIC SETTLEMENT
Banker James Speyer of New York
Calls Upon the Presi
dent.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— James Speyer
of the banking firm of Speyer Brothers of
New York called on the President to-day
to talk concerning the settlement of tne
Central Pacific's indebtedness. It is be
lieved a settlement will be reached and
recommendations incorporated in the
President's annual message to Congress
Two Players Traded for One.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 3.— The Pittsburg
baseball club has traded Pitcher Hart and
Third Baseman Gray to Milwaukee for
Beaumont, the clever outfielder of that
club.
W. F. HERRIN HAS BEEN
WARNED TO KEEP MUM
Though His Typewriter Is Now Silent Colonel
Dan Bnrns Is Still His Can
didate. '
Interesting Chapter From the History of the Wonld-Be
Statesman That Shows the Insincerity of His
Newspaper Friend and His Own
Unworth.
"William F. Herrin has been whipped
back to his kennel.
The afternoon papers that on Friday
bulged with Interviews from the type
writer of the head of the Southern Pa
cific Company's political bureau, in
which Mr. Herrin abundantly proved
that his employers were in the business
of selecting a candidate for the United
States Senate, and that the man of
their choice is Colonel Dan Burns,
were silent yesterday. Papa Huntlng
ton has boxed little Willies ears and
warned him that a repetition of the of
fense of letting the public into the se
cret inclosure where the railroad's po
litical wheels go round would cost him
his job. So it is that Willie is silent
and his typewriter will be heard no
more forever.
But Colonel Dan Burns is still the
railroad's candidate for United States
Senator. He is apparently oblivious of
the fact that the announcement of his
candidacy by Mr. Herrin has caused a
wave of indignation to sweep over the
State, and that everywhere the people
are discussing his record as County
Clerk of Yolo County and the manner
in which he discharged his duties as
Secretary of State, to say nothing of
his personality, his associates and his
whole malodorous career in the politics
of the State.
Colonel Burns may possibly derive
comfort from the fact that the Exam
iner, in a bungling effort to turn a po
litical trick and score a point for the
Democratic party by seeking to secure
the llpcfUnn of a discredited Kepubll
can to a high office, is bustly engaged
in promoting his candidacy. When al
most the entire Republican press of the
State is engaged in telling the people
the kind of a man the Southern Pacific
Company is seeking to send to the Sen
ate the Examiner, which has for so
loner posed as the friend of the people
and the enemy of the corporation, is
saying nice things of Colonel Burns and
seeking to convey the impression that
it believes it would be the proper thing
to send him to Congress.
It is not likely that the Examiner's
attitude is taken seriously by any one
except, perhaps, Colonel Burns himself.
It may be that in his endeavor to for
get the past as concerns his own public
record, the colonel has also forgotten
what the Examiner has said of him in
days gone by. If so, he will be given an
opportunity to refresh his memory. In
doing this a triple purpose will be
served: The Examiner's duplicity will
be made apparent, the colonel will be
undeceived and the public will be
afforded an opportunity to view a very
small portion of Burns' record at close
range.
The following extract is from the Ex
aminer of a few days ago:
The Democrats never have said such
things about Colonel Burns as the Re
publicans are now saying about their
leader In fact, the Democrats have been
rather willing to admit that Burns put up
a very hard fight, is a splendid political
leader, a popular sort of man, and to call
quits; but the Republicans have in an
Instant found that he is the concentration
of all the iniquities. He has suddenly be
come a far more dangerous man than the
dreadful Mr. Grant was a few days ago.
What follows is taken from the Ex
aminer of October 7, 1890. A careful
perusal of It is invited, as it not only
gives the Examiner's real opinion of
Colonel Burns, but it also contains a
relation of some facts that are import
ant at this time, as they have a direct
bearing on the fitness of the man who
is the Southern Pacific Company's
avowed candidate for Senator. The arti
cle follows:
On March 19, 1885, when on trial before
Judge Van Fleet and a jury (on a charge
of embezzling the funds of the State
while holding the office of Secretary of
State) Burns testified that being informed
by a friend that rumors were afloat to
the effect that there was something
wrong about his ballot paper account, he
acted thus:
I went to the office to learn whether it was
true or not. I discovered that it was.
called In Mr. Reynolds (Burns' chief deputy)
and showed him the result of my Investiga
tion He admitted that he had taken the
money, but not for himself; that he had used
™ money for a friend. W. A. Stuart, who
was In trouble in San Francisco.
The amount embezzled was about $6000.
Burns went on to testify that Reynolds
promised to sell an interest which he held
in a street-sweeping machine and return
the stolen money. Burns' testimony:
Mr Reynolds then suggested the course that
I adopted and followed, and that was to file
a statement with the Controller alleging that
at the time that thla money should have been
paid Into the treasury the amount had been
expended in rash sales or purchases of ballot
Dai)tr- that ballot paper had been purchased
from caish sales. In order to avoid any public
scandal I Hied the report that I have seen In
court here. The report was filed about Feb
ruary 13 The two amounts of ballot paper
that are represented In that report as having
been purchased out of cash sales had not been
purchased.
It was not until July that Mr. Burns
awakened to the inexpediency of keeping
Reynolds in charge of the books and re
ceipts of the office. He was Informed that
his deputy had made a lot of money and
demanded that he make good his steal
ings. Reynolds denied having accumu
lated any money, and his resignation was
demanded.
It was in the latter part of September
that Burns discovered Reynolds' crooked
ness in other directions than ballot paper,
and he began an investigation of the fee
book and cash book. But the investiga
tion did not proceed with much vigor.
Burns' testimony:
I was absent most of the month of October
In San Francisco. It was just preceding the
State election and I was a member of the
Executive State Central Committee.
The examination of the books went on,
PRICE FIVE CE^TS,
Mr. Gale, who succeeded Reynolds, assist*
Ing. The matter grew worse and worse.
Burns' testimony:
I met Mr. Reynolds In San Francisco and
requested him to come up here (Sacramento)
the first opportunity he had.
Reynolds went, and with the dlffidenca
which a thieving subordinate would natu
rally be expected to show In the presence
of an Injured and Indignant superior, sug
gested that he might as well draw tha
salary of a clerk while helping to trace
his own stealings in the books. Mr. Burns
consented.
The mariner of these consultations be*
tween the Innocent Secretary of State and
the wicked deputy is of Interest. Bums'
testimony:
I said to Reynolds: "This evening you can
come here, you and Mr. Gale and myself, and
we will start In on these books and make a
systematic examination from the very com
mencement." He says: "What In hell has
Mr. Gale to do with this matter?" I says:
•'Mr. Gale Is a deputy In my office, and I can
not be here myself all the time, and I desira
him to be present while this Investigation la
going on." lie said: "Are you afraid to
trust me?" I said: "I am. I do not intend
to let you get possession of these books any
more unless there Is somebody with you that I
have conttdence in," "Well," he says, "then
you can go to hell with your examination, '*
and he went out Into the other office.
Mr. Burns then revoked Mr. Reynolds?
appointment as clerk. Burns' investigar
tion revealed a shortage of about $18,000;
when the Controller took hold of the ex
amination, after Burns' retirements It
grew to over $31,000. After reciting hla
vain efforts to raise money to meet tha
deficiency in his office, Mr. Burns related
on the stand how he proceeded to tamper
with the official records in his charge as
a State officer. Burns' testimony:
I took the blotter and cash book and I
marked oft "certifled copies" right alongside of
where the entries were. Knowing that I had
this contract for ballot paper to meet within a
very few days I determined at that time, it
I could not raise the money, I would use tha
fees for that purpose, in part payment at least.
The sa lee of ballet paper had not aggregated
i. ii amount sufficient to take up the contract.
It was necessary In order to prevent an ex
posure of the condition of the affairs of the
office. Had I presented that bill to the State
for payment out of the appropriation which
then existed it would have Immediately at
tracted attention to the affairs of my office.
It would have resulted in an investigation im
mediately, and, as I knew at that time, would
have ruined financially one of my bondsmen.
Burns went on to say that .to save hla
bondsmen was his controlling motive la
falsifying the records, and proceeded:
I took the memorandum cash book and
changed these figures or amounts. I did not
change any figures, but where there would b«
$13 25 I marked $9 75, and I took this cash book
to him (Deputy Gale) after the Bth day of De
cember some time — it must have been threa
or four days afterward.
He made an excursion to "Woodland to
raise money and was unsuccessful. Burns'
testimony:
When I came back I took this book to Mr.
Gale and told him to make the entries in tha
cash book as I had indicated them there.
Q. — That is the amount that is represented
by the figures that you wrote upon the margin
of the blotter?
A.— Yes, sir.
The fees thus abstracted were paid into
the treasury on ballot paper -account.
Mr. Burns professed on the stand never
to have examined the books of his office
or looked at the cash book up to the time
of Reynolds' alleged confession. He was
a perfect innocent ill the hands of hia
baleful deputy, who had charge of all the
books, attended to the sale and even
drew his superior's salary for him. Mr.
Burns is not generally supposed to be a
trusting, unworldly man.
After Reynolds had been discharged, but
while he was still in the office finishing
up his books, he wrote the following
timid note to his superior:
Sacramento, State of California,
Department of State.
SACRAMENTO. July 23, 1882.
Dan — I have got the minutes Written up to
July L Had no time to write ud the cash
book. It was a larger Job than I calculated^
on and It will take at least four days to fin
ish up and leave everything clear. I will coma
up before the Ist of August and balance every
thing. Tours, . TOM.
Here's another:
Grand Hotel.
SAN FRANCISCO, August 1. 1882.
Oh, Dan— lf the newspapers know anything
about my leaving the office and are to maka
an Item of It I wish you would get John Shee
han to write a good article saying I hava
resigned to accept the superlntendency of a
mine in Placer County, etc., etc., and that I
intend to henceforth reside In Placer/ The
papers here would copy it and then they would
not say I had come here to . I would rather
that nothing would be mentioned, but in case '
you see there must something be said fix it n\>
that way. Yours In haste, TOM.
Mr. Burns confessed that he never went
to see the Controller about the sad stats
of his office until the Controller sent for
him.
By Mr. Carey: Q.— How many conversations
have you had with Mr. Dunn (the Controller)
with relation to this matter, Mr. Burns?
A.— Altogether?
Q.— Yes.
A.— Never but one where we have discussed
the facts of the case.
That was tne occasion when the Con
troller sent for him. Reynolds was dis
charged or resigned in July, 1882. Burns'
term expired in January, 1883. Yet thi3
happened in May, 18S4, just after Con
troller Dunn had sent for him.
By Mr. Carey: Q.— Did you not say also to
Mr. Dunn that you had • had a conversation
with Mr. Reynolds in front of the Golden
Eagle Hotel, and state that you had said: ,
"Tom, I hear that they are examining our
books. la there anything wrong in them?"
To which Mr. Reynolds replied: "No; every
cent that was received was turned over to the
State. There may be a few clerical errors,
but that is all." And you replied: "Well, if
that is all I am satisfied, for you are the ona
that kept the books and ought to know?"
A. — It Is substantially correct. When I met
Reynolds It was In the presence of another
gentleman and other parties standing around.
Q. — Then you did not know at that time that
there was anything wrong with the books?
A.— Yes.
Q. — Still you used the expression that you
were satisfied If that (clerical errors) was all.
A.— Well, I would have been very well satis
fied If there had been nothing but clerical er
rors there and no omissions. I have never de
nied that there was a deficiency. I have never
denied to anybody that there was a deficiency
there, but I have not gone around the country
saying there was.
Mr. Burns' testimony showed that ha
had made incorrect sworn reports. Ha
also testified that he had "never inten
tionally rendered the Controller any ser
vice" in the Investigation, and that he
"never disclosed to him the facts he
knew concerning the condition of affairs."
The reader must bear In mind that all
citations from the court records quoted
in this article are taken from Mr. Burns'
sworn testimony. The statements of
other witnesses have not been used. Hera
is & recapitulation of his offenses while2
Secretary of State, as admitted under
oath. . . •
.-'  RECAPITULATION.
I—On1 — On Reynolds' confession of hav
ing embezzled 586,000, Secretary of
State Burns filed a false statement
with th« Controller to cover up the j
theft. This was in February, 1882.
2 — Tor five months after Tiis al
leged confession to Secretary of State
Burns, Reynolds remained in the
former's employ for most of the pe
riodj as fully trusted with the books
and cash as before.
3— Although in September, 1882,
Secretary of State Burns discovered
general crookedness in Reynolds'
books, he did not push the investiga
tion, but remained in this city as a
member of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee, toiling for the suc
cess of hiß party.
4 — Secretary of State Burns recall
ed Reynolds to Sacramento to assist
in investigating Reynolds' own
crookedness, -md appointed him to a
salaried clerkship.
s— Secretary of State Burns delib
erately falsified the records of his of
fice to stave off an investigation.
: 6 — Reynolds, after leaving the of
fice, write to Burns in the tone of an
. iiitimate friend.
7— Secretary of State Burns, who
left oflice in January, 1883, held
a public conversation with Reynolds
in Sacramento fourteen months later, j
in order to be overheard, in which j
conversation they spoke as friends
and lied about the condition of the
books then being examined by the
.. Controller, .'■•. V . ' ''. :
: '.: V. S^^ecretary of State Burns stu
diously avoided giving the Controller
.any assistance in the investigation.
-' .". " Ist ■. there any politician in the Demo
/•• party who has. a record that can
.•..■.match.-tbis? ! ■■■ .V. .- ■■ ••
■ ■.-••'Is-. -Mr: iMrns the kind Of man that
' shogldbe' the commanding general of a
■•political party in this or any other cam
■V paignV, .. "/• , ■■
SAN FRANCISCO HONORS
THE VISITING ARCHITECTS
NOTABLE BANQUET GIVEN AT
THE BOHEMIAN CLUB.
Plans for Beautifying This . City
Under Consideration— A Com
mittee Appointed.
The banquet given In fhe red room of
the Bohemian Club last evening by Mayor
Plielan to the visiting architects was at
tended by the following guests: Governor
James 11. Bu.dd; J. B. Reinstcin and Wil
liam Carey Jones, trustees Phebe Hearst
architectural competition; President
tin Kellopp of the Berkeley University;
P. Despradelle. Stephon Codman, Austin
AVlllard Lord. J. Monroe Hewlett and E.
Bauhatn, visiting architects: ex-Mayors
"William Alvord. E. B. Pond and L. R.
Ellert; J. D. Grant, president Art Asso
ciation: F. W. Duhrmann, president Mer
chants' Association: K. J. Molera. preßl
dont Technical Society: J. A. Thompson,
president Bohemian Club: Dr. A. A. d'An
<-n!i;i. president Alumni Association; Alex
ander Harrison, James- W. Reid, £•'. \V.
•Zeile. Irving M. tocott, Bruce B: Porter,
Albert Pipsis: .lohn A. .Stanton. Douglas
Tilderi. Willis Polk, George Howard, Dr.
Washington-. Dodge, William R. Hearst,
James S. Wclister, John McLaren, Pro
fessor S W. Young. H. C. Nash. Professor
R. E. Allardice, Marsden Manson, G. W.
Percy. William Curlett, Colonel W. P.
Sullivan Jr. • . ' .
. ..Mrs. Hearst has generously consented to
defray .all expenses} for competitive* pla?is
to adorn San Framisco, aitfl at the dinner
Ma> or Phelari made this announcement:
.-■"Ttie Art Association last month asked Mayor
Pli^iiin t^. ani>'iint a. committee to draft a
eom|>reht'ns.!\e vlaii for the adornment of San
Francisco and the Mayor appointed tha fo»-
Irnrinfc tv act': Arthur Roiigfrs, j. B. Rein
stein. F W. Dshrmaan. K. \v. Zeile.. p.i-uip
11,I 1 , rti-r Albert Pifsfa. John A. Stanton, Douk
las TiMi-n. lrvtiig M_. Scott.
Happy speeches were made at the din
r.er. and the company did not dissolve un
til midnight. .
MONEY FOR THE
STATE PRINTER
GOVERNOR BTJDD AND AL JOHN
STON HOLD A CONFERENCE.
Books, Blanks and Reports for the
Legislature and State Offices
Will Be Provided.
Senators and Assemblymen, State offi
cers and the public generally will be de
lighted to learn th§t the incoming Legis
lature will not be delayed in its organiza
tion or embarrassed by reason of differ
epces of opinion formerly existing between
the executive department and the State
printing- office.
Yesterday Governor Budd and Al John
ston, Superintendent of State Printing,
each animated by a desire to provide the
incoming Legislature and. the new State
officers with all the facilities required for
the prompt transaction. of public business,
-held a prolonged conference at the Palace
Hotel.
It was d=ecld-ed that a list should be
: prepared to eninrace reports of the Con
troller, Treasurer and. Board of Examin
ers.' roll tall for eacii house, books, re
ceipts and all blank forms, etc., required
by the Legislature and' State offices
"When this list of necessary printing is
submitted, the State Board of Examiners
will convene and authorize the work so
scheduled to be performed without delay
The conference was brought about by
friends of the Incoming and outgoing ad
ministrations, anr} it is said, to the credit
of Governor Kurtd and Superintendent
Johnston, who are men of positive con
victions, that they took an intelligent and
impersonal view of the points presented
The Suite Printer will, therefore, have
everything in -readiness when the Legis
lature convenes.
Why doefl the man who pats you on the
back always turn his own back to be pat-
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
Plain
White China, Verona Shape.
" Dinner Sets, Tea Sets,
- Brealcfast Sets, Salad Sets,
- Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices ;
Great American Import'gTea Co.
661 Market. F»w»U 703 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
318 Third it. '■ , 1819 Devisadero St.
800 Kearfly St. 2008 more St.
«c?^i?. . St - c ' 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mlsbl n St. 1 1 90 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 tlayes St. 52 Market St.
. • OAKLAND STORES:
. 1053Tl'ash{ngton&t. 131 San Pablo Avo
17 Broadway. "; 616 E Twelfth St. V
. • : ; 1510 Seventh St. : c-i
ALAMEDA-1353 Part St. .
SAW RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
' We also selu.
China, C'IROCKERYp- G la ssware
. Cheap Price in America,
■•-':.' ;; > Writ* fox OtUlagvsi. "'.';'
AGNEWS OFFICIALS
TO INVESTIGATE
Concerned Over Bessie
Bailey's Death.
DARK RUMORS ARE AFLOAT
GIRL CLAIMED TO POSSESS
ASYLUM SECRETS.
Dr. Curnow Scouts the Murder and
Suicide Theories, and ~ Says
Heart Failure Caused
Her Demise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 3.— The meeting of
the board of managers of Agnews Asy
lum next Wednesday promises to de
velop some sensational features. The
mysterious aeath of Bessie Bafley at
Elko, Key., while en route East, will be
investigated thoroughly. This fact has
not yet been publicly announced, but
Trustees Curnow and Hale are anxious
to have the affair cleared and will do
ail in their power to bring about' an in
vestigation.
The mystery surrounding the girl's
death is as great as ever, though a good
many aTe inclined to believe it a case of
suicide. The asylum officials will be
called upon to explain where the girl
obtained the poison. At present the
three physicians there are endeavoring
to shift the responsibility on each other.
Dr. Sponogle says Bessie Bailey was
going to Lafayette, Ind., to live with an
uncle, yet in dispatches from there the
uncle, Cyrus Timmons, denies all knowl-
THE MAINE, ONE OF THE NEW BATTLE-SHIPS RECENTLY CONTRACTED FOR.
The Navy Department Decided That One of the New Battle-Ships Authorized by Congress Should be Named the Maine,
he Others Are the Missouri and Ohio, the Latter to Be Built at the Union Iron Works. According to the Secretary of Navy's
Report the Maine Will Be Ready for Service June 1, 1901.
edge of such arrangements. She had
threatened on several occasions to tell
some unpleasant things about some of
the asylum attaches, and for this rea
son, it is said, more than one were glad
to see her start East.
Dr. Curnow, chairman of the Board of
Managers of Agnews Asylum, takes no
stock in the theories of murder and
suicide. He says all such talk is "bosh."
Dr. Curnow is confident that Dr. Spon
ogle and other physicians at the asylum
are in no way connected with the girl's
death. He insists that her uncle in In
diana had agreed to take and care for
her. \n an interview he said:
"There i« something peculiar about
Bessie Bailey's death, but there is no
such mystery as the papers would have
the people believe. I do not believe
there is anbody connected with Agnews
Asylum that would give the girl any
medicine' whatever except for her good.
Her threats about having something
mysterious to tell, or 'a bomb to ex
plode,' were nothing but idle talk and
the delusion of an insane person. One
prominent feature of certain phases of
insanity is to surround everything witn
mystery. They commonly claim to have
secrets which they hold over people's
heads.
"As to the suicide theory, I don't be
lieve in that. In the first place, the girl
was not smart enough to know the na
ture of drugs. If she wanted to kill her
self ehe would have got something peo
ple are familiar with— morphine, strych
nine or carbolic acid, all of which any
physician could detect. Her Insanity
was the reverse of anything suicidal;
she was not depressed and went away
smiling, happy and buoyant. The talk
of foul play is hardly worth discussing.
Who could have had any motive in tak
ing her life, for she knew nothing detri
mental to any one? Besides, better op
portunities could have been had to kill
her at the institution than on the road.
"In carefully looking over the whole
case, I have concluded that taking
nervines, sedatives, etc., and having a
somewhat weak heart — and anodynes
and nervines have a tendency to com
press the heart's action — coupled with
the high altitude, resulted in her death.
The high altitude is always a serious
matter in heart troubles, and the girl in
all probability died of heart failure."
Dr. Curnow commented on the method
of Dr. Weir of Txuckee in prescribing
bromide of potassium, if the reports in
the newspapers were correct. Dr. Weir
says he purchased a half ounce of bro
mide of potassium, which he instructed
the trainmen to give her in four ounces
of water if she appeared nervous when
she awokf. She was to be given a tea
spoonful every half hour. This was a
very big dose, and, if it had been di
luted in a lesser quantity of water,
would have injured her.
Frank Gould arrived at the asylum
to-night, and to-morrow he and Cur
now and Hale will meet and discuss the
investigation. Gould is also put out. over
the dismissal of W. E. Biggy, one of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
PAJARO VALLEY LINE
WILL BE EXTENDED
SALINAS, Dec. 3.— Another railroad enterprise of great impor
tance to the Salinas Valley was Instituted this afternoon. A survey
was commenced ,from the southern end of the new railroad bridge at
the Spreckels sugar factory by the Pajaro Valley Consolidated Rail
way Company. It Is the intention to extend that road, which now
begins at Watsonville and terminates at the factory, as far as Sole
dad, twenty-eight miles, and King City, forty-eight miles, from this
place. From the latter point the road will in the near future be ex
tended farther down Salinas Valley.
his appointees, for having engaged in
fisticuffs with G. Pickering. The latter
was reinstated.
DIRECTOR DEVLIN ON
PENITENTIARY REFORM
Opposes the Indeterminate System of
Sentences and Too Liberal
Paroling.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 3.— R. T. Dev
lin, State Prison Director, to-day filed
■with Governor Budd a supplement to
the biennial report of the Board of
State Prison Directors, in which he ar-
gues against the introduction of the
indeterminate sentence system. He
holds that It is open to many grave ob
jections, among them being the fact
that those in 'authority would be con
stantly subjected to political pressure
to allow the release of persons not en
titled to release. The report says:
I believe that punishment should be in
fluenced not only for the reformation of the
prisoner, but for the protection of society,
and . that as much error can be committed by
extreme leniency as by extreme severity. ■ If,
however, the State believes that it can stand
the expense, I would suggest that the indeter
minate sentence system applied to persons un
der 25 years o£ age would be productive of good
results, but I also wish to add that I think It
would be impracticable to apply it to the
State prisons.
The parole law, in my Judgment, should be
amended so as to exclude from its operation
persons convicted of arson, forgery, rape, or
any degree of homicide, and possibly some
other offenses should also be excluded from
the operation of this law. Offenses that show
premeditation and a malicious heart should
etrtalnly be excluded, and in cases of crimes
of violence, society has a right to fix an arbi
trary punishment for the purpose of preserving
peace and order.
Another suggestion it seems .to me that should
be made for the consideration of the Legisla
ture 1? a law providing that a person who has
been thrice convicted of a felony should be
deemed to be a habitual criminal and con
fined for the terra of his natural life.
The question of utilizing the two State
prison;; at Foleom and San Quentin so aa to
confine In one the hardened class of crimi
nals, and in the other those for whose refor
mation some hope may be entertained, is
worthy of careful consideration. This could
be oVjne at comparatively trifling expense by
authorizing the wardens to select from the
aggregate number of prisoners now confined
in our prisons those whom It is deemed be
long to the class of hardened criminals, but
Buch a classification would probably have
some effect upon our industrien, and a reor
ganization of our prison industrial system
might have to be had as a result of such
classification.
BRYAN BEFORE THE
ALABAMA ASSEMBLY
Being a Soldier, He Declines to Dis
cuss Matters That Now Interest
the Country.
. MONTGOMERY, Ala., Dec. 3.-Colonel
W. J. "Bryan of the Third Nebraska Reg
iment was received to-day by the houses
of the General Assembly. fHe was Intro
duced by the president ■ of . the Senate and
declined to discuss public questions, say
ing: ;.: ; ■ •., .•■;„: .- -.-.'.■ -, , - ,:-, >:
"Being: a soldier I cannot speak to you
with the freedom of ; a civilian. <I> would
speak, if I spoke at all, under limitations
that would be unpleasant to me. What
I would desire to say to you as a citi
zen I could not say as a soldier. I cannot
now discuss r those things that at present
engage the | attention iof | the \ entire | na
tion. • Neither would I ? care . to .. discuss
those things we discussed two years ago,
but .which are . not yet laid away to eter
nal rest. Neither ; could I" discuss those
matters which have as ; a result of ; me
late ,war. a broad field for speculation."
There was considerable 'enthusiasm as
Colonel Bryan resumed. his seat. ■ - >
■'■.' '■'."■"■".. ■"::'- — •■ ■» '• — =—:'■■. ".-■ ';::'■ .-"*'■-
MITCHELL'S TERMS SUIT.
Sharkey's Manager Will Let the Eng
lishman Name the Date.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The international
fight between Charles Mitchell and Tom
Sharkey will not take place before March
next, and the latter can now make ar
rangements to fight Kid McCoy in Janu
ary. In response to Sharkey's acceptance
of Mitchell's challenge and his offer to
fight him in January, Mitchell cabled that
he could not get into condition to fight
before March, but that he desired the
match and requested that articles of
agreement be sent to him at once, and
If the conditions were satisfactory he
would sign them a»d begin training.
When Mitchell issued the challenge he
deposited $1000 in London, and the same
amount O'Rourke covered on behalf of
Sharkey. The iatter stipulated that the
fight must take place in January, as he
desired to go to San Francisco In Feb
ruary to fight Jeffries, but O'Rourke said
that if Mitchell gave him positive assur
ance that he would meet Sh.arkey here in
March he would delay his departure to
the Pacific Coast. O'Rourke says he will
insist upon a side wager of at least $1000.
If Mitchell will agree to fight here,
O'Rourke says he will allow him $500 for
training expenses.
ARCHBISHOP OF MANILA
WILL BE RECALLED
Incurs the Pope's Displeasure by His
Unfriendly Attitude Toward
America.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— A cablegram to
the Sun from Rome says: The Archbishop
of Manila, who is now in Rome, has been
doing- his best to turn clerical sympathies
against the United States in the Philip
pines, but he has made a complete and
humiliating failure. .The only practical
result will be his withdrawal from his see.
The lntenton to recall the present Arch
bishop of Manila is shown by steps al
ready taken toward the selection of a new
Archbishop. He will probably be an
Italian prelate of broad mind and liberal
ideas who also has had some diplomatic
experience.
BUYS A HAVANA THEATER.
Famous Tacon Purchased by an
American Syndicate.
HAVANA, Dec. 3.— The Spanish trans
port Granantilla sailed to-day for Spain
with 1477 troops. The Fulda will sail on
Monday and the Werra, San Agnacio and
I Juan Forgas on Tuesday. The Spanish
| commission was advised to-day that by
Mondny next the evacuation of Batabano
and the entire line of San Felipe will have
been finished. This will complete the
evacuation of the entire island west of
these points.
A deed of sale of the Tacon Theater to
an American syndicate for $350,000 was
signed yesterday, the property passing
Into the hands of the Tacon Realty Com
pany. The Tacon, which ia the eighth
largest opera-house in the world, occu
pies an entire block.
DECLINE OF FRUIT
TRADE WITH GERMANY
Result of the Rigid Enforcement of
the Berlin Decree Against
Importations.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— Consul Mason
of Frankfort, Germany, in a report to tne
State Department, says that, notwith
standing the protests of fruit importers,
Germany will continue to enforce the de
cree against importations on account of
the alleged danger from San Jose scale.
The American fresh fruit trade with Ger
many may, therefore, be expected to de
cline as rapidly as it developed two years
ago, to be replaced, it Is hoped, by a cor
responding increase In the large and
steadily growing import of American dried
and preserved fruits. But even here tnere
la need of extreme care, for the German
Inspection of these Imports is keen and
relentless, especially on imports from the
United States. A new defect has been
found, viz., the presence of sulphurous
acid In California, dried apricots.
HEAD-END COLLISION
OF ENGINE AND OWL
Fool Bird Pierces the Glass of the
Headlight and Lives to Screech
' About It.
STOCKTON, Dec. 3.— The train hands on
the local train which came in to-night
from San Francisco tell of a head-end col
lision with an owl that seems too large to
believe. When the train was bowling
along this side of Livermore at about
fifty miles an hour an owl struck the
headlight and went through the thick
glass as cleanly as would a cannon-ball,
making a hole about four inches across.
The owl survived, and was found inside
the lamp when tho train reached Stockton.
RELINQUISHES HIS OFFICE.
Age Weighs Upon the President of
the Province of Colombia.
COLON, Colombia, Dec. 3.--Di\ Manuel
Sanctemcnte, the recently elected presi
dent of the province of Colombia, has re
linquished his office for a period of sixty
days. It is thought that most likely he
will not again undertake the cares of
government, owing to his extreme age.
Senor Marriquln, vice president, will as
sume the duties of chief executive.
TRACK GUARDED
BY PINKERTONS
Railway War at Lewis
ton, Idaho.
THE OREGON'S BOLD MOVE
SEEKS TO CROSS NORTHERN
PACIFIC LINE.
Armed Men on Guard to Slock Its
Attempt to Extend Its Road
Into Clearwater
Valley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 3.— The Northern Pa
cific Railway is preparing for a bitter
fight with the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company in Clearwater
Valley, Idaho. Armed Pinkertons un
der Chief Detective Nevins are on
guard at Lewiston with authority to
call to their assistance 300 graders now
at work in Clearwater Valley. The rea
son fjr this is the fact that the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company pro
poses to cross the Northern Pacific
track a few miles above Lewlston.
The Northern Pacific crosses Clear
water River several miles east of Lew
iston, coming from the north to the
south side on which Lewiston is lo
cated, and proceeding thence to Lewis
ton. The Oregon Railway and Naviga
tion Company proposes to build up the
north shore of Clearwater, passing
Lewiston and proceeding to Harring
tons Mill, where it will cross to the
south side and then double back to
Lewiston. In doing so it must cross
the Northern Pacific. To prevent this
at all hazards Is the Northern Pacific's
object in employing Pinkertons.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company has landed material with the
apparent object of stealing a march on
its rival at night. To prevent any such
coup the Northern Pacific grade is be
ing patrolled night and day.
Last night Right-of-Way Agent Watt
and Attorney Wilson of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company ar
rived in Lewiston. To-day they have
been in consultation with the com
pany's representatives there. It is be
lieved they may abandon the idea of
crossing the Northern Pacific grade by
force and gain their point instead by
condemnation proceedings which can
be done under the Idaho laws.
It is stated to-day on apparently good
authority that the Northern Pacific has
beaten President Hill of the Great
Northern at his own game by purchas
ing the Union Pacific's half interest in
the old grade between Tacoma and
Portland. This transaction occurred a
month ago and has been kept quiet for
obvious reasons. By purchasing tax
liens against this grade Hill has secured
the upper hand, but the Northern Pa
cific can maintain its title to its half
interest by going into court and reim
bursing Hill f>r half of the taxes paid
by him. The Northern Pacific could
then prevent Hill buildlnir to Portland
over this grade without its consent.
SUICIDE FOLLOWS NEWS
OF HER LOVER'S DEATH
Daughter of a Washington State Pol
itician Ends Her Life With a
Bullet.
SEATTLE, Dec. 3.— A tragic affair that
has just occurred in Skagit County has
stirred the feelings of the people of that
entire section. Miss Lora Felick, upon re
ceipt of the news of the death of her
fiance. Matthew Ruthe, sent a bullet
through her brain. The young lady lived
with her parents, and was popular and
well known to people at the mouth of
Baker River. Her father is a prominent
figure in political affairs. Ruth* lived at
Hamilton, and * died suddenly." There Is
considerable mystery about the whole
affair.
GOVERNMENT OF HAWAII.
Bill and Repol| in the Hands of the
President.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The Hawaiian
Commission has completed Its bill for
the government of the Hawaiian Islands
as a part of the United States and has
also finished its report to accompany the
bill and both matters have been placed
in the hands of the President by Senator
Cullom, chairman of the commission. It
is the Senator's expectation that the
President will transmit the paper to Con
gress some time next week, and that he
will ask early consideration for the ques
tion.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^
NOW IS THE TIME
TO PURCHASE
Holiday Gifts!
THIS WEEK'SGREATOFFERINGS:
nn r C Novelty Dress Patterns in
1/IC9) fine wool mixtures, two tone
P«ffprn; effects; in new shades of
r«lllcrn>. green and: black, red and
black, navy and black and d% A Cf)
brown and black, including ¥ <i JU
all. black rich mohair -lus- 'AJI- •■
ter; just in for holiday Ww
gifts; a special bargain at.. A Suit
Cillr anil Wnnl High Novelties Just
3llK anu nOOI received, silk and
IWcc Paf^rnc wool mixtures, in
lireSS rail mS. the new shades of
navy and black, green and jfk g%- t\f\
black, red and black; VI%iUU
fine rich luster; an accept- -j|r|.
able gift; special value Ww
at ASuit
lUmAr Rich Black Crepons - and
DlalK Periolas Suitings in . hand-
Crepons. some raised mohair effects. !
vrepOllS- m i ar ge and ■ me- ff\ f% "7 C
dlum designs, brilliant pop- \ Xi I J
lin ground; all latest styles ;.»■■ "~ r
best value in this city; at ¥«- —
$12 00, $10 00 and........ • A Suit
ciiir Wnict« fnr For t ,°- morrow ?n? nl y
Jilii TTaIMS IUI we place on sale a
t ' v....m n.i,. special invoice of
TC-WOrrOW Oflly. ack Silk Taffeta
Waists, lined throughout; bias corded,
with corded collar; in very fik f QC
latest style; made of extra \ K.nJ
quality silk; sizes from «fc.|
32 to 42; regular .value $8 50; \J W -,
Bpecial at....... ........... Each •'
Wnnl - New styles Wool Waists,
»UUI lined- throughout; silk polka
U'aSctc dots and braided effects;
WaiStS. made -of finest Afh tt\
quality French Flannel; in 1" nil
new shades of blue, red, B |V e
green. v black, and brown; %JrW
at $4 50 and.........:.......... Each
cjii. Made of extra quality Taffeta
•JllX Silk in all latest gk f% f)(\
Ctrirfc colorings and black, |*|IIU
3XiriS.- W itha deep Span- "■ail- " i
Ish flounce; good value at w'W 1
$8 50; special at......... Each
CUnnalaf fp, Ladles' Flannelette
rialluClCllC Gowns, made of extra
linn/nc ' ' quality flannelette; In !
UUWIiy dainty color- "f A'
ings, double plaited yoke, / 11 1 M
br^iid trimmed, .58 inches I I 11. <
long; special for to-morrow I UU
at •••>• Each
MnroDti Ladies' Moreen Underskirts,
ITtUrccll ade with a deep, double
CicJ-jj. •■' ruffle; extra quality, all-wool j
jßirib. moreen in the new |}| f\ CO |
shades of cerisse, purple, «^ <iUL
new blue, green, turquoise B ft.| . T
and ■ black; well made; W -
special at ...;............ Each ■. ".
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
livingston
SIX MEN MEET
DEATH IN STEAM
Disaster Aboard
Alamo.
THE BURSTING OF A PIPE
CREW PARBOILED IN THE EN
GINE AND FIRE JIOOMS.
Second Engineer Murphy Perishes at
His Post, While Two of the Fire
men Are Found Dead in
One Another's Arms.
Special D?spat<-h to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— Six men of the
crew of the Mallory line steamship
Alamo were killed to-night by the
bursting of a steam pipe while the ves
sel lay at her pier in East Rivet. The
dead :
PATRICK MURPHY, second en
gineer.
THOMAS McHUGH, fireman.
PATRICK FARRELL, oiler.
FRANK McMAHON, fireman.
L.. CONNELL, fireman.
J. RYAN, coal heaver.
The injured: John Stoneman, pas
senger, Albany, seriously scalded.
The Alamo has only been discharged
recently from the transport service of
the Government, and was just over
hauled at Roche's yard. She has new
steam pipes and boilers. She was about
to sail for Galveston.
She carried thirty passengers. At the
time of the accident, about 7 o'clock,
the ship cast off her lines and the tug
boat President had her line taut to as
sist the Alamo into midstream. Her
engines had made but two or three
revolutions when the explosion came.
It gave forth a report that was heard
all through South and Water streets,
and the force of it sent a shock and
shiver throughout the length of the
ship. The flooring of the deck imme
diately over the engine-room was torn
into splinters and the steam poured up
through the open seams in clouds.
The sound of the escaping steam
was mingled with the shrieks of the dy
ing men who were enveloped in it. The
flow of the steam was checked with
great difficulty, and not until the lapse
of five or six minutes. Then it was
found that it had completely filled the
engine-room and fire-room, and all the
men confined there had been not only
parboiled, but suffocated by it. There
was no sign of life in any of the bodies,
and in several instances the skin had
peeled from their hands and faces.
The second engineer was found close
to the break in a position which indi
cated that he had tried to shut off the
steam at the boiler when the accident
occurred and had died in the attempt.
Two of the firemen were found
gripped in one another's arms at the
foot of the ladder leading from the
fire-hole. __________________
WOULD DON A TOGA.
Newlands a Candidate for Senator in
Nevada.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., Dec. 3.-Con
gressman Newlands passed here yester
I • ._ Ladies' Pure Linen
Linen Hemstitched Handker-
Handkerchiefs. b Sred lth init c i a 6!™;a 6 !™;
sheer quality; also 100 dozen if* I
extra quality Linen Batiste I I 'fl
Handkerchiefs, hand em- I / 01-
broidered initials; at 25c lfc*W
each and Each
Moti'c 290 dozen Men's Pure
iTieil S . Linen Hemstitched
Hfl"dtprrlispfc Handkerchiefs, em-
nanoKercniets. broidered in- g\ ■»
! itials, extra quality; the best Jhll
value in this city; regular / _ 1 1-
value $4 00 a dozen; special •■ W
at : ' Each
1 f *i?Ii»« v Latest novelties in Ladies'
| LaUICS Jabots made of ■■ #| ■
! Nprlrwoar embroidered chif- n||fl
neCKWear. font in very latest .1 11 I.
colorings, including black; .WW
special sale at 85c and...... Each
(See window display.)
I ailrAc' Ladies' Gloria Silk Ura-
LdUICV brellas, steel rod; tightly;
Ilnihrplli? rolled; in latest Ai Pfl
tmoreiia?. Dresden an d I . hll
I natural wood handles; • a «M IWW
great leader .at $2 50 'Ul — —
"and .- Each -
' ■ ; ■ ' . ■ ~~~"~~ ' '.v. v *
i Wnnl Ladies' Australian Wool
! n UUI - Mixed ' Jersey Ribbed
1 Flnrfprwear Vests an(l Pants, col-
tnuerwear. O rs natural and aoaa
j white; good winter weight; ' §UA
■ regular price $100; special I 11 11
iat | UU
I fltioita Ladies' Oneita Union
( Ullclld Suits, 75 per cent wool.
Union Suits. aXfg^ 01,50
quality; extraordinary val- «M
ue at.... till
1
i Wnnl Ijadies'' Black Cashmere
• UO3I 4 Wool Hose, high spliced
1 Hft-*if»rv hee s and toes; Ai f\(\
j nOiiery. excellent quality; VI. UU
usual value 50c a pair; spe- Jm | i w w
cial 3 pairs for ..; %fi — —
V\A Glace Pique Kid Gloves, 2-
•*»»•» clasp, excellent quality, fine
filnvAC fitting" gloves; em- A% A f)E
UIOYeS. broidered backs; in I" I . /[)
all the new fall shades; AI w
every pair fitted and guar- %lrl
anteed; at .;..... A Pair
day on his way to Washington. In an
interview with the Silver State, whicji
is published to-day, he states that he is
a candidate for the United States Sen
ate. He say a in part:
"A clear issue was made in the legis
lative fight before the people. The con
test was not conducted on straight party
lines, but the political forces divided
themselves into Stewart and anti-Stew
art forces. The Stewart forces were de
feated and Stewart lost the Legislature.
The field is now open to other silver
party men, and I am a candidate for the
Senate. "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEART DISEASE! 7
Disease o? the Kidney,
Cancer, Liver Complaints
and Chronic Ailments Gen-
erally Cured by the -
ENGLISHandGERMAN SPECIALISTS
' These Eminent Physicians have been -
i established for more than twenty-
elx years. ■/■ Incorporated for $250,000.
Free Consultation and Advice.
731 Maiiket St., San Francisco, Cal.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Tfours, 8 to S, daily
Evenings, 7 to 8. Sundays. S to 11.'. .
• V^fTV^v. I suffered from catarrh
/s^A I BAmV 0)^ c worstk indßrer since
It&fafrm^Sl a 6°/6 °/' and Ine rer ? hoped
/]P '"Gfa'Ptoi f or cure; but. Ely's Cream
f Balm seems to eren that
of the worst kind erer since
a boy, and I new hoped
for cure, but Ely's Cream
Balm seems to do eren that
'. F* '~&fj; Many acquaintances hare
used it with excellent re-
JLJ^ifeV suits, Oscar Ostrum, 45
•'/^sSmmn 0 Warren Are., Chicago, 111,
:; Cream r. i>alm « is ' . placed Into the ", nostril*,
spreads over the : membrane . and ■ is absorbed
Relief is immediate and a cure follows.: it li
not drying— does not produce sneezing.' I Lartre
60c; Trial Size. 10c; at Druggists or by mail'
. ELY BROTHERS, ■66 Warren at.. New York!
■ ■ s .■;'.■-..: . .. ~ ; ~~~~ ■-..■ . -.*-.■
Jofaimia.
A Table Water of exceptional
purity and excellence. — London
Lancet.
Use f^)k frfld
I Facial i Soap y£/ Facial Cream.
If you have a Hump Nose, Roman. Flat, Pag.
Red or Broken No»e, vor any mark or bl«misa
on, in : or. under . your skin, call on or.'wrlt*
JOHN H. \VOODBURY," 117 W«it *2& *t-, ' N.
V.; 163 State at., Chicago. ' V "■''
"•f?T ff% 911 frk ' E&' •nd.Mo'rphin* H«bh» eur»d
.: .. Vv . ' . 201 Turk St., : S«n Fr»nesico.RECOGNIZES
THE POWER OF
UNCLE SAM
German Press on the
Peace Treaty.
LAMENTS LOSS OF ISLANDS
-'.EGRETS THAT WILLIAM'S GOV
ERNMENT IS LEFT OUT.
Vife-orou'- Steps Are 3eing
Taken to Shut Out American
Meats the iPoor Feed on
Horses and Dop-s.
Copyrighted, ISPS, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Dec. 3. — Spain's acceptance
of the terms of the United States has
keenly interested the German Govern
ment and press. Although adhering to
its poli< --■ consistently followed through
out the Government has uttered no
opinion, either in interviews or through
the medium of the semi-official press.
But the newspapers generally admit
that the .ted States must be seri
ously reckoned on in European peace
and politics and as a colonial power
whose purpose and energy may inter
fere with the ambitions of other powers.
Ihe German papers, therefore, predict
frequent political complications for the
United States.
The Cologne Gazette attributes Eu
rope's non-interference at the peace
negotiations at Paris to mutual abuses,
and expresses the opinion that Ameri
cans will fjnd the new colonies a greater
source of trouble than they suspect.
The Lokal Anzeiger says: "The
American Government will probably
eschew compulsory general military
service, but hired forces will come
largely from Cuba, the Philippine Isl
ands, Central and South America and
East Asia, thus reviving the medieval
system of mercenary troops."
The Vorwaerts declares that It is al
ready certain that England will find
her main competitor in the American
as well as in the Eastern Asian markets
not Germany but America. The United
States is a rising star and between the
United States and Great Britain the
fight for this trade will begin.
The Deutsche Zeitung has published
a long editorial regretting that Ger
many has n-ot intervened between Spain
and the United States and concluding
as. follows: "And can we obtain noth
ing from the Spanish colonial estate,
which is visibly, piece by piece, being
sold at auctioi. .'"
The imperial meat inspection bill,
which was introduced in the Reichstag
early in the session, is now taking a
surprising turn. The Agrarians them
selves, for whom the bill was intro
duced, now strongly object to it, un
less, as they assert, it is greatly alter- <
cd. They find that the bill in its pres
ent form cuts them nearly as much as I
. -s the American meat importers, '
inasmuch as it provides for a rigid in- j
spection of their own meat and for its
confiscation if it is diseased. There- I
fore, since there is an enormous amount
of disease in Germany's cattle and
swine, as shown by official statistics
and the regular publications of the
Reichsanzeiger, all this will hit them
very hard unless the Government
agrees to reimburse the owners of con
fiscated or rejected meats. Very strong
pressure has been brought to bear on
the imperial Government to insert a
clause in the bill providing for the in
demnification of domestic owners, and
over this clause a wrangle is now pro
ceeding betw-een the various govern
ments. Prussia favors a moderate in
demnification, while the other German
states are nearly all against it.
In the meantime the Agrarian press
continues its warfare on all American
meat, its main organs, the Deutsche
Tage Zeitung and the Hamburg
Nachrichten, advocating the total ex
clusion of all American canned meats
and sausages. In strange contrast
•with this is the memorial about the
meat famine drawn up by the munici
pality of Berlin, which proves that the
German breeders do not raise enough
cattle and pigs to satisfy the needs of
the nation, and that the systematic
exclusion of foreign cattle and swine
has decidedly lowered the quality of
the meat brought to the market, and
has heightened the price to such an ex
tent that horses, and even dog meat,
have become staple with the poorer
classes in certain districts, ana nota
bly in large cities. The memorial also
proves that the meat consumption of
Berlin has decreased since the rigid
examination of foreign meats.
The German-American press, on the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Death's Betrothal.
.A few years ago a New York newspaper
conducted an open discussion upon the
topic: ""Is Marriage a Failure?" The
answer is easy and upon the surface. Where
there is nrutua.l love and respect, if there is
nlso health, marriage is a success. When
health isJeft out, even the most ardent love
does abt txyunt, and marriage is invariably
a failure. . ..
Modern science has cried the warning
«o often, that all should realize the dangers
of wedlock to people in ill-health. In a
case of this kina death lurks on every side
— in ihe kiss of betrothal and the caress of
the honeymoon. The man who is suffering
from ill-health is a physical bankrupt, and
has no right to condemn a woman to be his
nurse for life and the mother of babes that
inherit his physical weakness. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery acts directly on
the digestive organism. It makes it strong
and its action perfect. When a man's di-
gestion is all-right his blood will be pure;
when his blood is pure his nervous system
will be strong and his health vigorous.
A woman who suffers from weakness and
disease of the delicate organism of her sex
is certain to suffer from general ill-health,
and to be an unhappy, helpless invalid and
a disappointment as a wife. Her children
will be weak, puny and peevish. A happy
home i» an impossibility for her until her
health is restored. Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription cures all troubles of the dis-
tinctly feminine organism. It cures them
speedily, completely and permanently It
fits for wifehood and motherhood. Both
medicines are sold by all good dealers.
ENGLAND'S LOVE
FOR US INDUCED
BY SELFISHNESS
F r ar)K Admissions Made by a
Portion of the British
Press.
Expects American Assistance in Return for the
Moral Support Given by the "Mother
Country."
Copyrighted, ISSB, by the Associated Press.
SNDOX, Dec. 3. — The practical con
on of the peace negotiations at
3 is hailed here with considerable
satisfaction, and the newspapers daily
discuss the so-called "imperial" future
of the United States, coupled with the
fervent hopes that it will adopt a colo
nial policy. In fact, the latter point is
regarded as being the cornerstone of
the Anglo-American understanding,
which Is now an important feature of
every political speech delivered on this
side of the Atlantic.
: The Saturday Review is very candid
about what it describes as the "slob
bering cant and hypocritical blazoning
of doubtful affection" between the
United States and Great Britain, and
says :
Let us be frank and say outright that
we expect mutual gain in material inter
ests from this raprochement.
The American Commissioners at Paris
are making their bargain, whether they
realize it or not, under the protecting
naval strength of England, and we shall
expect a material quid pro quo for this
assistance. We expect the United States
to deal generously with Canada in the
matter of tariffs, and we expect to be re
membered when the United States comes
Into possession of the Philippines, and
above all we expect her assistance on the
day which is quickly approaching when
China comes up for settlement, for the
young imperialistic has entered upon a
path where it will require a strong friend,
and a lasting friendship between two na
tions Is secured, not by frothy sentimen
tality or puppet forms, but by reciprocal
advantages in solid, material interests.
The foregoing opinion is certainly
outspoken enough, but every American
moving in business circles here knows
this voices the expectation of the aver
age Englishman.
The question of the Sulu Islands has
awakened a great deal of interest, and
this again is viewed selfishly through
the British press, the Pall Mall Gazette
remarking:
"Let them acquire the Sulus if they
want them, but 1 t us have an "open
door' there for our trade," adding:
The Sulus are the connecting link be
tween North Borneo and the Philippines,
and we have as much interest in the isl
ands as the Americans will have. An
equality of treatment will promote trade
not only between Borneo and Sulu, but
between Borneo and the Philippines also.
The rumor that the United States ac
quired a coaling station at Chiriqui,
Colombia, elicited the usual editorials
from the British press, prompting the
Government to demand compensation
for the abrogation of the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty. The Spectator, however,
takes a conciliatory view of the matter
and declares that it would be a mistake
for Great Britain to insist pedantically
upon the maintenance of the treaty,
pointing out that the Nicaragua canal
will never be constructed unless the
treaty is abrogated, and adding:
It is very much to our interests that the
canal be made. The canal will enable us
to reinforce our Pacific from our Atlantic
squadron and vice versa, while the ad
vantage to our commerce is obvious. We
want to see the treaty abrogated on the
sole conditions that the Americans make
the canal within a definite time.
The crisis in Spain is followed with
the most keen interest. Don Carlos is
undoubtedly preparing for a bold
stroke. His emissaries are endeavoring
to suborn the Spanish army, a largt
portion of it being dissaffected, partly
on account of the arrears of pay. but
chiefly owing to the condition that the
army was prevented earning distinction
during the late ' ar on account of in
capacity and corruption of the prin
cipal administrators. The new factors
have given Don Carlos a much better
chance of success than he had when
other hand, publishes alleged official
statistics to show that the Import of
American pork increased enormously
during the current year, and may reach
the figures of 1897.
One of the largest Berlin wholesale
dealers writes to the Vosslsche Zeitung,
saying that the statement In 'he Agrar
ian press that much of the imported
American flour is adulterated is utterly
untrue. He adds that not a single case
of adulteration has been discovered in
the Berlin market. German dealers in
America have also forwarded to the
Imperial Hygienic Bureau a protest
against these prejudical statements.
A bill has been drafted by the Gov
ernment for Introduction into the
Reichstag, as soon as the Federal Gov
ernments have approved of it, regulat
ing private insurance companies and
providing for an imperial bureau in
Berlin. The measure adopted will take
the control of American and other for
eign companies out of the hands of
Prussia and the other separate states
and place it in those of the empire,
which would be a great improvement
for American Interests, as it would also
lead to common regulations for the
whole cf Germany.
Frank Knaak of New York, who has
been in jail on the charge of treason,
in having referred to Emperor William
as a calf head, is still in jail, in spite
of the efforts of the United States Em
bassy and his counsel to bring about
his release on bail. His liberation has
been refused on the ground that his
trial will be expedited. It will occur
before Christmas. Mr. '. naak denies
that Emperor William was the person
he designated as a "calf head," and his
lawyer has evidence that Mr. Knaak
on former occasions spoke in compli
mentary terms of Emperor William. It
is also claimed in the prisoner's behalf
that he was intoxicated at the time the
alleged offense was committed.
The Emperor is In no way pleased at
the reception he met with from the
Berliners when he came here on Thurs
day last to review the Guards Corps.
The cheers came chiefly from the sol
diers along the route. o.ils Majesty
noticed this, and is said to have re
marked to the Empress loud enough to
be overheard by the crowd: "This
town is the least patriotic of all towns
in Germany. A nice reception they
are giving me."
In addition to this the Berlin papers
suggested nothing in the way of cele
brating the home-coming of the Em
peror and Empress.
A significant fact was that the
French flag was hoisted at the French
embassy on the occasion of the Emper
or's entry into Berlin, and it was em
phasized by the fact that the French
Embassador, the Marquis de Noailles,
watched the procession from the bal
cony of the embassy. This is unexcep
tional, and was regarded as being sig
nificant of the French Government's
desire to be on friendly terms with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
he made his former attempts to gain
the throne of Spain. One factor, how
ever, influences thinking Spaniards
against the substitution of King Stork
for King Log and that is that Don
Carlos would be bound by his own pro
fessions to repudiate the treaty with
the United States and Spain would be
in a much more perilous state than
ever. She would not only lose her
possessions, but would forfeit the mil
lions proffered by the United States.
The part of the Spanish kingdom
which is causing this anxiety on ac
count of the Carlist intrigues Is the
provinces of Lerida, Gerone, Teruel,
Cuonca, Castillon and Valencia. The
detailed watch in the disaffected dis
tricts have hitherto failed to produce
any important discoveries or to check
the agitation. Don Jaime, the son of
Don Carlos, is reported to be moving
from place to place on the French side
of the Pyrenes, from which place he
is pulling the Carlist wires.
The Count de Maille. a leading Carl
ist, who is now in Paris, la quoted in
an interview as expressing himself san
guine of success. The people and clergy
and some of the bishops are alleged to
be longing to return to the old regime.
The Count adds:
"As for the Pope, he always is on the
side of the party in power and will send
his blessing to Don Carlos as soon as
he sits on the throne. General "Weyler
is ready to give his support to the high
est bidder, and Don Carlos, his wife
(the Princess de Rohan) and her family
are ready to advance funds and the
French 1 >gitimatists will also aid finan
cially and provide volunteers."
An English visitor who has Just
crossed Spain writes to the English
papers saying:
"I have not found a trace of un
friendliness or a word of abuse for
Americans. If any of them care to
come here (meaning Spain) they will
find every one very happy to see
them.
"A resident in Spain told me that if
an American army marched into the
country it would be received with open
arms, as many Spanish people had
told him that it would be better to
have the good government of Ameri
cans than to suffer as they did.
"The soldiers who have come home \
have given favorable accounts of the
Americans, for whom they seem to
have a real liking."
The unpleasant news from the Im
dian frontier, where the Mad Mullah
is again on the warpath, has caused
considerable apprehension among the
Indian authorities, though the latest
advices show that his victorious march
has been partly checked by the friend
ly Khan of Robal, who, by a timely
move, has saved the British lines of
communication with the garrison at
Chitral, which the Mad Mullah en
deavored Us cut. The fanatical move
ment, however, has taken a strong
hold among the Swats, and there is a
prospect of another "little frontier
war." A little British force is now
held in readiness for a movement to the
front. The followers of the Mullah are
variously estimated to number 3000 to
6000, and their numbers are growing
daily.
The appeal of General Lord Kitch
ener of Khartoum for funds to found
a Gordon memorial college at Khar
toum met with an immediate response.
Over .£70,000 out of the £100,000 asked
for has already been subscribed.
Advices from Russia say the reports
of threatened famine there are growing
more gloomy every day. Count Leo
Tolstoi has petitioned the Government
for permission to form relief commit
tees to cope with the distress, and the
Czar himself has contributed half a
million rubles to the Red Cross Society
to aid the starving peasants.
Germany just now. A similar compli
ment was paid to the Emperor by the
United States and Russian embassies,
which are situated on the Unter den
Linden.
The North German Gazette says the
Empress intends to publish a volume
of the photographs taken by herself in
the Holy Land, the profits to be de
voted to charity.
The German newspapers are indig
nant over the recent speech of Count
Thun Hohcnstein, the Austrian Pre
mier, in which he threatened in the
Reichrath at Vienna to retaliate
against Prussia's expulsion of Aus
trians from the frontier provinces.
Emperor William, however, is said to
be very dissatisfied at the "want of
tact" shown by the Prussian officials,
and many of them may be replaced.
But the action of the Austrian Premier
is considered very serious, as it is re
garded as indicating the attitude of
Austria. It is pointed out that Count
Thun Hohenstein's speech was intended
to please the Poles, who detest the
idea of an alliance with Germany
which is bound to suffer by such an in
cident. Indeed the idea prevails here
that the days of the Dreibund are num
bered. Several of the Berlin papers
express this cnviction.
The Cologne Gazette, in an article
comparing the navies of Germany and
the United States, says that in 1901 the
American navy will be larger than the
German navy, and it urges the Govern
ment to push the shipbuilding scheme
to get on an equal footing with the
United States.
ASSIGNMENT OF WARSHIPS.
The Chicago to Be the Flagship of
The European Squadron.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— Secretary
Long has decided to assign the Chicago
to duty as flagship of the European
squadron, which is now in process of se
lection. The squadron probably will in
clude about five ships of different classes.
While there will be some armored vessels
among them, It is not likely that the bat
tleship type will be represented.
Three ships will be sent to the South
Atlantic station and Secretary Long has
under consideration the establishment of
a South Pacific station, with a base per
haps at Valparaiso in summer and at Cal
lao in the winter months.
Big Trotting Stakes.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Dec. 3.— The Ken
tucky Trotting Horse Breeders' Associa
tion has raised the Transylvania stakes,
the most celebrated all-age trotting stake
in the world, from $5000 to $10,000, thus
making it also the richest stake of the
kind in the country for one race. The
$16,000 Futurity has been raised to $20 000
so that $10,000 will now go to the two and
three year old winner of each. The
change will take effect in the eighth re
newal of the Futurity, to close next
March. There is no addition to the nom
inating fee.
SECRET DOSSIER
TO BE EXAMINED
Asked for by the Court
of Cassation.
LIGHT ON DREYFUS CASE
JUDICIARY TO GET INSIDE
HISTORY.
Documents Have Been Declared So
Important That Foreign War
Would Follow Their Dis
closures.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Kerald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Dec. 3.— The Court of Cassa
! tion has asked for the secret, dossier.
That is to say, it has asked to see those
! famous documents which are so terrible
1 that foreign war is certain if they are
I shown to Dreyfus. Indeed they are
j supposedly so dangerous to the peace
! of France that it is a wonder they
i have not been destroyed long ago, if
: they really exist, which many doubt.
So far only one has seen the light of
I day. This is the letter which Colonel
! Henry confessed having forged. It is,
j therefore, excusable to think that the
, only people to have anything to fear
j from the examination of these docu
j ments are those who have made them.
I At any rate foreign wars are not likely
j just because they are to be shown to
! the highest judicial authorities in the
i land in the cause of truth and Justice,
I particularly as five Ministers of War
and other officials are already said to
have turned them over to the Govern
j ment and agreed to give up the dossier,
but wish to know beforehand what
means are going to be taken to prevent
the secrets getting out.
As soon as a satisfactory answer is
given the documents will be handed to
the judges of the Court of Cassation.
SIGHTED A SINKING
BRITISH STEAMSHIP
Sea Captain Reports the Loss of the
Londoniana, Which. Sailed for
Soston.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 3.— The British
steamer King Arthur. Captain Hendrlck.
from Demarara, arrived here to-day and
reported that she sighted the British
steamer Londoniana on November 29 in
latitude 45 degrees north, longitude 165,
on her beam ends on the starboard side,
with hatchways submerged. All her boats
were gone except a small one, and there
was no sign of life about her. A strong
northwest pale was blowing at the time
and the vessel was apparently fast set
tling by the head. The Londoniana sailed
from Boston November 15 for London in
command of Captain Lee. She carried a
crew of eight men, besides her comman
der.
STARS AND STRIPES WAVE
IN SANTA CLARA PROVINCE
Impressive Ceremonies Connected
With the American Occupation
of Sancti Spiritus and
Trinidad.
HAVANA, Dec. 3.— At noon to-day the
American forces, having previously taken
charge of Sancti Spiritus and Trinidad in
Santa Clara province, the stars and
stripes were officially and with impressive
ceremonies hoisted over the City Hall
and other public buildings in those cities.
When the flags were unfurled the bands
played "The Star Spangled Banner," and
the soldiers and crowds of citizens cheered
enthusiastically.
FIGHTING TEXAS FEVER.
Stockmen Submit a Proposed Ordi
nance to Solano Supervisors.
SUISUN, Dec. 3.— The Solano County
Stockmen's Protective Association met at
the courthouse to-day to hear the report
of Dr. J. T. Sullivan, who was appointed
veterinary surgeon of Solano County by
the Board of Supervisors. About two
months ago cattle commenced dying
throughout the county by hundreds. An
investigation was made and a majority
of the rases were pronounced Texas fever.
Dr. Sullivan was appointed to make a
thorough investigation. He reported sev
eral cases of Texas fever and blackleg in
the eastern section of Solano County.
On the west side of Suisun slough he
could find no traces of blackleg, though
there were cases of Texas fever. A res
olution was drawn up and will be placed
before the Board of Supervisors next
Monday making it unlawful for any per
son to keep in his possession cattle af
fected with any contagious disease, or to
d: ivc affected cattle upon a public high
way. Cattle from adjoining counties will
not be allowed to enter Solano County
unless examined by a health officer and
declared free from all disease.
REGULARS FOR MANILA.
Northwestern Troops to Rendezvous
in San Francisco.
MILWAUKEE. Dec. 3.— lnformation re
ceived in this city is that, in accordance
with a late order of the War Depart
ment, several regiments of the United
States army will in a few weeks embark
for the Philippines. The order, which is
said to include the ihird Infantry from
Fort Snoning and the Second, Third,
Fourth, Fifth, Fifteenth and Twentieth
Regiments, requires that these bodies of
troops be prepared for prolonged foreign
field service in the tropics outside the
United States. The regiments with cav
alry are ordered to rendezvous at San
Francisco between January 1 and 12. The
full detail will number LOO men.
OIL PRODUCERS VICTORIOUS.
May Operate in the Los Angeles Aesi
denco 2">istrict. .
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 3.— Justice Morri
son this afternoon rendered a decision
in the case brought against Skelton &
Qilver, oil well owners, involving the
constitutionality of prohibiting oil wells
within certain limits around West Lake
Park. The decision declares the ordi
nance unconstitutional. It says that the
municipality huH power to regulate but
not prohibit any lawful business. Should
the decision hold, the beautiful West
Lake Park district is destined to be in
vaded by the oil producers.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— The extension
of the sick leave granted First Lieutenant
Maurice Ashley, assistant surgeon of the
First New York Volunteer Infantry, De
partment of California, is further extend
ed two months on surgeon's certificate
of disability.
H. B. Gott was to-day appointed post
master at Goodyear Bar, Sierra County,
Cal., vice Oscar F. Ackerly, resigned.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: Sereno B. Lyman
Saratoga. $6. Restoration and reissue—
Sebbens R. Carpenter, San Diego. $12. Or
iginal widow— Charlotte B. Carpenter, San
Diego, $12.
Nicaragua Is Independent.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, via Galveston,
Tex., Dec. 3.— The Government of Nicar
agua, as a result ot the collapse ox the
republic of Central America, has pub
lished a decree declaring Nicaragua to
ha a.n indeDendent sovereign State.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Daintyjhat'slt!
I / fjs'\ l/nBf^EflifijrJr X. 1 l_ >• I
m V ', a .^^^^ mil jL. /
; — ; — : :.';/ ■ , , ; , ... — •■■ , ..:.£&;- %%~T 13-".1*5, |\LAK|^:I ST. " ;. ;:
- • '• - ■.■■•■ .- •■• . - '..:••'• •'■'.■:," , . KING PINS FOR OVERCOATS. \ \-
THREATENED UPRISING
OF CHIPPEWA INDIANS
Resist Arrest by a Deputy Game
Warden for Having Shot Deer
Out of Sens ■ n.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 3.— Another uprising of
the Chippewa Indians is threatened. The
Game Warden at Sauk Rapids has had a
fight with fourteen red men. whom he at
tempted to arrest, in which he was badly
whipped, and State Game Warden Fuller
ton has ordered that the Indians be taken
into custody, be the result as it may. The
Indians declare they will resist all at
tempts to capture them and will organize
a rebellion.
The Sauk Rapids deputy met the In
dians In the woods, and as each one was
carrying the carcass of a deer he at
tempted to arrest them on a charge of
having violated the game laws. In the
fight that followed the deputy was se
verely punished and his rifle taken from
him. The Indians warned him against
following them.declarlng they would never
be taken alive, and threatened to begin
shooting the moment a posse appeared in
sight.
Game Warden Fullerton has notified tne
authorities that he will pursue the Indians
with a posse, and serious trouble is
feared.
REA'S ORDERS EXECUTED.
New Move by the San Jose Board of
Education.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 3.— The City Board of
Education, which made such a sweeping
retrenchment in the School Department a
few days ago, is again heeding the or
ders of the "gang. Last night it re
scinded a resolution dispensing with five
grammar and primary grade teachers. It
was also decided not to cut the princi
pals' salaries from $120 to $100 a month.
The original plan was to dispense with
one teacher in each school and make the
principals teach. The cut in salary and
the adding of extra work affected several
of Rea's pets, and his solid three in the
board executed the new orders.
Unknown Man Killed.
WOODLAND, Dec. 3.— A man, evidently
a tramo. waa buried here to-day. He was
found dead at the end of the long trestle
a half mile east of Weuster station, on
Friday afternoon. An Inquest was held,
but nothing was elicited that would tend
to identify the man. There was a gold
ring on his finger and inside was inscribed
"B. O. B." The man was about 28 years
of age, 5 feet 8 inches In height, of a
heavy, muscular frame, and wore dark
clothes. The theory is that he was
knocked from the trestle by a passing
train.
ALUMNI DAY OBSERVED.
Attractive Programme at the Mount
Tamalpais Military Academy.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 3.— Aiumni day at
luount Tamalpais Military Academy
passed oft* with great success. The foot
ball game between the graduates and
undergraduates this morning was well
fought on both sides and resulted In a
score of 12 to 0 in favor of Liie latter.
After the game luncheon was served, and
several of the directors who were present
made encouraging speeches, propncsying
long life and increasing prosperity and
usefulness for the academy. The pomer
exhibition attrncted much attention, and
Professor Ventura, to whom the collec
tion belongs, received many compliments
for the artistic manner in whicn the post
ers were displayed. An afternoon dance
in the gymnasium completed the celebra
tion of the day, which will long be re
membered by the academy boys and their
friends.
TEN YEARS FOB FORGERY.
Punishment of a Man Who Cashed
Bogus Time Checks.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 3.— Charles Southall,
whose dealings in fraudulent Government
time checks were said to have caused
losses to firms and individuals all over the
country to an amount aggregating $750,000,
was to-day sentenced to State's Prison
for ten years at hard labor. The specific
charge against Southall was grand lar
ceny, and his conviction was on one of a
half-dozen or more indictments.
Wayside Resort Burned.
WOODLAND, Dec. 3.— Holmes Corner,
a wayside resort known to all old settlers
in Yolo County, and located on the Wood
land and i Madison road, about six miles
west of this city went up in smoke this
morning. The resort was established
many years aeo. Of late years it has been
One of the
cha racteris-
tics of our
Overcoats for
men is the
daintiness,
the chic, the
grace in
which they're
gotten up.
They're got-
ten up to
makeyoufeel
c o m fort able
in; to make
you feel as
you should
feel, a well-
dressed man.
Now, we've
got an Over-
coat ive want
to talk to you
about for
Mo 7i d ay .
About as
b eautiful a
piece of covert
cloth i?t the
tan shades,
pure satin
sleeve linings
— richly lined
richly trim-
med, and for
those of quiet-
er tastes, the
kerseys in
blue, black or
brown, a lux-
uriant coat,
tailored in
top-note h
fashion.
We rest our
case right
here, and
place the coat
before you at
Ten
Dollars.
Perhaps you
haven't any
idea of the
magnitude of
our Overcoat
stock for
men? It oc-
cupies a
whole floor,
14,700
square feet,
and of course
the prettiest
Overcoats in
Frisco. You
know the
Frisco boys
wouldn't
have it any
other way.
kept by Ed Jacobs. The family residence
is about seventy-five yams south of the
saloon building. When Air. and Mrs. Ja
cobs awoke this morning at 5 o'clock they
discovered the reflection of the light
caused by the flames. Both arose hastily
and discovered that the building was on
fire. Mr. Jacobs forced the rear entrance
and attempted to save some of the stock,
but the flames had already made such
great progress that he was driven out of
the building, but not until he was badly
burned about the head and face.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
Indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strep-** through his new
and original system of treatment.
RIJPTIHEcured b-- his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARlCOCEl.Bjhydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
CvßtaglouM blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. JLa die* will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free of charge. Address
F. L. SWEANY. M. D., 737 Market
street, San Francisco, CaL
34
REVIEWS THE
YEAR'S HISTORY
OF THE NATION
McKinley's Message
Completed.
WAR A LEADING FEATURE
FIXED POLICY FOR NEW POi
SESSIONS LEFT TO CONGRESS.
An Increase in the Army and Navy
Recommended and the Ques
tion of Finances Ably
Covered.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: President McKinley's
message to Congress, which will be de
livered next Monlay, was completed
late last night and this morning mem
bers of the Cabinet were invited to go
to the White House and hear the latest
revision of the document.
Those who joy the confidence of
the chief executive say that the Presi
dent has endeavored to write an his
torical review of recent events with
appropriate comments and suggestions
rather than to indulge in surprises or
glittering generalities. He will also de
vote considerable space to business af
fairs of the nation, for it is not his in
tention to deliver at this time a one
topic communication to the Congress
of the United Stats.
Naturally the war and the circum
stances attending it will be the leading
feature of the message. It will be a
plain, straightforward account of the
remarkable historical events through
which thl? country has passed within
the last year.
In dealing -with the outcome of the
■war the President does not attempt to
lay down any fixed line of policy for
the permanent government of the Phil
ippines and Porto Rico and Cuba. He
refers that subject to Congress with
the recommendation that the whole
question be carefully and deliberately
considered before committing the peo
ple of the United States to a new and
untried colonial policy.
The President will urge recommenda
tions for increasing the standing army
of the United States to 100,000 men, as
suggested by Secretary Alger, Major
General Miles and Adjutant General
Corbin in their annual reports. In this
connection he will urge immediate ac
tion which will enable the War Depart
ment to maintain the regular army at
its present enlisted strength of 62,000
men alter the -ratification of the peace
treaty and until the passage of the law
providing for 100,000 men. This is made
necessary by the fact that the present
peace strength of the army is only
27,000 men and all above that number
•were enlisted for but two years or dur
ing the war.
The President will also cordially rec
ommend liberal appropriations for In
creasing the navy. He asks that the
navy be increased to enable the United
States to establish and maintain sub
Diseases and Disabilities
of Men!
• Palpitation of the Heart, Clutching Sensations, Sense of
Fullness, Clammy Hands and Feet, Melancholy
Spells, Blues, Inability to Concentrate the Mind,
;..:• cured by the famous Remedio-Treatment, HUDYAN.
' CALL OR WRITE FOR '
HTJID Y.A.2ST !
■■; . FREE CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
■ r r j HUDYAN CURES
Failing Manhood, Neurasthenia, Nervous Dyspepsia, Nervous De-
e •• bility,|Nepyous Decline, Nervous Prostpation, Diseases and
:.. Disabilities of : Men. HUDYAN Stops Losses. HUDYAN Pre-
; c vents the Drain of Tissue. ;O f
90 PER CENT • Ninety per cent of men at some time of life, be-
90 PER CENT : tween the ages of 21 and 50, become afflicted with
90 PER CENT .: organic and nervous weakness, loss of power
90 PER CENT : partial or complete: '; v ; : ). [\ -V,
90 PER CENT It does not by any means follow that men so at-
90 PER CENT., tacked have been guilty of either fault or excesses.
90 PER CENT .When so afflicted, false pride and modesty should
90 PER CENT be put away and the great Remedio-Treatment
90 PER CENT HUDYAN, used. :.
CIRCULARS FREE.
, TAINTED BLOOD Means a whole .lot to you, and don't you forget
TAINTED BLOOD it. Not only to you, but to your future family.
TAINTED BLOOD You should ; make every effort on your part to
TAINTED BLOOD eradicate this bad blood disorder. In the first,
• TAINTED BLOOD secondary or tertiary form copper-colored spots
TAINTED BLOOD are noticeable. The.skin becomes dry, parched
TAINTED ULGOD starved, itchy. '
TAINTED BLOOD The throatseems to be all dried up— all burnt
TAINTED BLOOD up. There are ulcers in the mouth/falling hair
TAINTED BLOOD and bad, very bad blood. ' ;
TAINTED BLOOD When in this condition and youknow it, act
TAINTED BLOOD promptly, act before it is too late, act before
TAINTED' BLOOD the worst forms are aroused — act now and you
TAINTED BLOOD can becured. < ;• ;
.;■, The doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute 30-DAY CURE
make a specialty of this dread blood disorder, and 30-DAY CURE
have perfected what is known as the 30-day cure. 30-DAY CURE
If you can ,' consult the doctors : privately in their 3 A V £URE
o own private Consulting Rooms, or write for 30-DAY CURE
30-DAY CIRCULARS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
WsSs Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
stantial governments in all of our
newly acquired possessions pending ac
tion by Congress as to the most prac
tical form of government to be created.
The War Department scandals will
not be passed over in silence, but the
President will refer to his appointment
of the war investigation committee
and will assure Congress that its in
vestigation is to be thorough, and that
if any persons are found blameworthy
th«y will be punished, and if faults are
found in the system they will be cor
rected.
In view of the space devoted to 'the
war the message will be ujiusually
long, for the President has not slighted
the finances of the Government or any
other branch of the public service in
the message. As to revenues it will
be shown that the demands upon the
treasury are so great now and promise
to be heavy for many years to come
that it is a practical impossibility to
materially reduce the present war tax.
It is conceded, with some qualifica
tions, that customs duties are not suf
ficient and may never be sufficient to
meet the requirements of the changed
condition of our national affairs. Un
der the circumstances financial reform
and tariff reform are not strongly rec
ommended at this time.
One interesting feature of the mes
sage will be a detailed statement of
the expenditure of the $50,000,000 war
appropriation, which was really the
first declaration of war with Spain.
There will be an abundance of figures
and some dry statistics rendered neces
sary by the course of events and con
flicting statements made in connection
with the conduct of the war.
The Nicaragua canal will be strongly
commended as a national necessity,
and immediate steps for its construc
tion recommended.
The main object of the President is
to present to Congress a clear and com
prehensive history of the nation's af
fairs during the last war. His first
worTc upon the message was com
menced in Philadelphia while he was in
that city attending the peace jubilee.
From day to day since then he has de
voted such time as he could spare from
his other duties to dictating and com
posing parts of the important docu
ment. The work has been done so sys
tematically that page by page it has
been delivered to the printer without
the slightest confusion. The last re
vision went to the public printer to
night.
Not more than half of the members
of the Senate and one-third of the
members of the House of Representa
tives have arrived in Washington for
the opening of the session. They are
coming in by every train, however, and
many will arrive to-morrow and Mon
day morning, so that when the gavels
of the Vice-President and Speaker
Reed fall at noon on Monday there will
be more than a quorum in each house.
Vice-President Hobart has been at his
Washington home in Lafayette square
for more than a week. Speaker Reed
arrived to-night and is at the Shore
ham, where he will put in a busy day
to-morrow with members of the House.
A great deal of work has already been
done by various committees. The
House Committee on Appropriations
has been hard at work every day this
week and has made rapid progress in
the preparation of appropriation bills.
The Congressional members of the
Hawaiian Commission— Senators Cul
lom and Morgan and Representative
Hitt — have completed their report, and
the President has been made acquaint
ed with its contents.
Appropriations and routine business
will probably occupy the first part of
the session in both houses.
Football at Vacaville.
ELMIRA, Dec. 3.— A spirited football
contest took place in Vacaville this af
ternoon between the Vacaville High
School and the Elmira Rushers, result
ing in a score of 6 to 2 in favor of Vaca
ville. Both teams showed up well for
the first came this season, but there was
a lack of team work. The same teams
will meet next Saturday afternoon In
Allison Park, Elmira, when the Rushers
hope to reverse the score.
THE £AN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
BRINGS SUIT
FOR A MILLION
DOLLAR FEE
Claim for Obtaining a
Franchise.
AN AMERICAN'S ACHIEVEMENT
GOT A RAILWAY CONCESSION
FROM CHINA.
Now Goes to Court to Compel th«
Syndicate for Which He Acted
to - Remunerate Him for
His Services.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The World to
morrow will say: Thurlow Weed
Barnes has brought suit in the Supreme
Court against the American China De
velopment Company for $1,000,000 for
services in obtaining railroad conces
sions from the imperial Chinese Gov
ernment, through the Chinese Minister
at Washington. The concessions are
worth in net profit at least $12,000,000
to the company and they may be worth
$24,000,000. They are the most valuable
grants ever made by the Chinese Gov
ernment to foreign capitalists and the
terms are more favorable than the con
cessions obtained in recent years by
French, Belgian, English and Russian
syndicates.
The chief spirit of the American
China Development Company is Calvin
S. Brice. His associates are James H.
Benedict, banker; Anthony N. Brady,
the Carnegie Steel and Iron Company
(Andrew Carnegie), J. H. Jarvis of the
Arbuckle Sugar and Coffee Corpora
tion; Frederick P. Olcott, president of
the Central Trust Company; W. E.
Reed of Heremile & Co.; General Sam
uel Thomas, railroad owner; Henry R.
Wolcott of Colorado, Richard J. Cross
of Morton, Bliss & Co., Levi P. Morton,
Thomas C. Platt, Henry W. Cannon of
the Chase National Bank, Thomas F.
Ruan, street railway owner; James R.
Stillman of the Standard Oil Company,
representing the Rockefellers; Moore &
Shipley, bankers; John R. Hegeman of
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Com
pany; Clarence Carey, as trustee of H.
McK. Twombley and various Vander
bilt interests; Hartley & Graham, arm*
manufacturers; J. P. McDonald, rail
road contractors; James McNaught,
counsel for the Northern Pacific;
George R. Sheldon, banker; Charles H.
Coster; C. R. Randall, president of the
Southern Trust Company, and many
others of like prominence in the finan
cial world.
All of these are defendants in the
suit, as they axe copartners in the syn
dicate which controls the concessions.
Barnes alleges that after Brice's en
voys, including ex-Senator William D.
Washburne of Minnesota, had failed to
obtain the concessions sought, Brice
sent for Barnes and asked him to un
dertake the work. Barnes has spent
many years in the Orient and had made
several friends among the natives in
high power, and, moreover, was a
friend of Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese
Minister at Washington.
Mr. Barnes agreed to do the work, it
is said, on the verbal understanding
that he would be duly compensated
for any valuable results he might ac
complish. He and Clarence Carey were
appointed as a committee to obtain
the concessions, Mr. Barnes being
known as the managing member of
the commission. Associated with them
was A. W. Bush. They set to work in
January of the present year. Mr.
Barnes first arranged through his
friends in Peking by cable to have the
Chinese Cabinet confer upon Wu Ting
Fang the special power to make any
railroad concession he might agree to
with the American syndicate. He was
successful In this and negotiations with
Ting Fang were begun.
In April an agreement was reached.
During these months an immense
amount of correspondence passed be
tween Mr. Barnes and the Chinese Min
ister and between Barnes and Mr.
Brice and other members of the com
pany and also between Barnes and Mr.
Carey and Mr. Bash. These letters and
telegrams, it is asserted, will prove that
Barnes got the concessions. The draft
of the agreement reached by Barnes
and the Chinese Minister was drawn up
by Barnes and was accepted by both
sides without change, ex-Secretary of
State John W. Foster acting in an ad
visory capacity to the Chinese Minister.
This agreement was reached on April
13 and signed the next day. Subse
quently it was ratified by an imperial
edict by the Chinese Government.
The concessions obtained by the com
pany provided for the building of a
trunk line railroad from Hankow south
to Canton, a distance of about 1000
miles. It will run through the richest
and most fertile regions of China.
The population of that section of
China is 200,000,000. From Hankow
north to Peking runs a proposed rail
road, the concession for which was ob
tained by a Belgian syndicate. From
Peking northwest runs a short road
owned by China, which will connect with
the great trans-Siberian railroad built
by Russia. Thus the road permitted by
the American concession will have
through connections with the Russian
trans-Siberian road. The most valu
able part of the concession obtained by
the Americans is the financial terms.
These have never been published.
The road, it is estimated, will cost
$40,000,000. Bonds for 10 per cent more
than the total cost are to be guaranteed
by the imperial Chinese Government.
The 10 per cent additional or $4,000,000
is clear profit to begin with. The bonds
are to be paid in "gold, to run fifty
years and to bear B per cent interest.
The Chinese Government also agreed to
pay the American China Company 5
per cent on the total cost of the road
for superintending the construction.
In addition, the Chinese Government
agreed to pay 20 per cent of the net
profits of the road in the form of de
benture bonds bearing 6 per cent in
terest and running forty-three years.
After paying all expenses of the road,
including the redemption bonds, the
road is to become the property of the
Chinese Government. The Chinese Gov
ernment has the right to redeem the de
benture bonds at par and to give 4 per
cent gold bonds at 102H in the flrat
twenty-five years and at par thereafter.
By the concession the American com
pany also obtained the right to mine
the rich coal fields which extend along
parts of the route of the road.
An even more valuable feature of the
concession is that in the event of the
contract with the Belgian syndicate be
ing canceled the concession to build
that road wiU revert to the American
China Development Company on the
same conditions governing the Han
kow-Canton road.
The American company also obtained
the right of building the road under
American management and free from
the supervision of Chinese officials. The
company agreed to establish and main
tain at its cost a school for the instruc
tion of the Chinese In railroad man
agement, so that when the road finally
becomes the property of the Chinese
Government it can operate it by na
tives.
The members of the American China
Development Company got together
and formed what they called the Chi
nese Railway Syndicate. The original
subscribers to. the project fund each
held $1000 shares. They were admitted
to the railway syndicate by paying S4OOO
more on each share held, the shares of
the latter company costing $5000. Mr.
Barnes, it is said, had an understanding
that his $1000 shares were to be ex
changed into the $5000 shares of the
syndicate without paying anything ad
ditional. In all about $300,000 was sub
scribed by the syndicate.
Mr Barnes saw Mr. Brice several
times about his compensation, but
heard nothing definite until October 6,
when he received a letter from L. San
ford Beatty, secretary of the China-
American Development Company. This
communication told him that at a
meeting of the committee of the syndi
cate a resolution had been passed pro
viding that no claim of Thurlow Weed
Barnes for compensation should be
recognized.
This resolution also provided that, as
he had failed to pay the additional $4000
on each of his shares in the original
company, they had been put up for
sale.
Barnes at once consulted his lawyers
and the suit for $1,000,000 was the re
sult.
TEACHERS NAME OFFICERS.
Closing Session of the Northern Cali-
fornia Association
CHICO, Dec. 3.— The Northern Califor
nia Teachers' Association held its closing
session to-day. Addresses were delivered
by Minor L. Seymour, professor of biology
in the State Normal School at Chlco; Rose
W. Wtnterburn of Stockton, Guy H.
Stokes, principal of the Marysville High
School, and Dr. Thomas P. Bailey of the
University of California. The following
officers were elected for the ensuing year:
President— Professor O. E. Graves of
Red Bluff.
First vice president— Guy H. Stokes of
Marysville.
Second vice president— C. S. Reager of
Orland.
Secretary— Kate Ames of Napa.
Corresponding secretary— J. D. Sweeney
of Yuba City.
Treasurer— Margaret Poore of Redding.
The association decided to hold the next
convention at Red Bluff during the last
week In October, 1899.
This evening, at Normal Hall, the larg
est crowd of the convention assembled to
hear Dr. David Starr Jordan, of Stanford
University, lecture on the subject, "Lest
We Forget."
WARDEN AULL'S REPORT.
Conditions at Folsom Prison During
the Past Year.
SACRAMENTO. Dec, 3.— C. A. Aull,
Warden of the Folsom Prison, to-day filed
his report with the Governor. He says
the health and discipline of the prison
ers have been excellent. The dally aver
age number of prisoners is 907, and the
cost per capita of maintenance 32Vs cents,
a reduction of 2 cents during the last
fiscal year. The $219,000 appropriated for
the prison vill, with the latter's earnings,
suffice. The earnings for the two fiscal
years are: Quarry, $2746; farm, $10,169;
United States prisoners. $7224 10; rock
crusher, $4643; switching, JS6S0 — amounting
to $30,464.
The Warden strongly recommends an
enlargement of the farm and provisions
for more profitable employment of the
prisoners.
WILL CONTEST DISMISSED.
Virginia Laogier Fails in a Legal
Fight for a Fortune.
STOCKTON, Dec. 3.— The contest of
Virginia Laogier of Mazatlan, Mexico, to
prove herself a daughter of the late Ba
silio Laogier of this city and obtain a
daughter's share of his large estate,
worth about $200,000, came to an abrupt
close to-day, -when the attorneys for the
estate moved to dismiss the proceedings
on the ground that the claimant had not
established her right to contest the will
under our statute. She did not prove le
gitimacy or adoption, and the court held
against her. The case was on trial for
nine days before a jury, but the order of
dismissal was made when the contestant
had closed her case on the subject of
adoption. It is said the case will be ap
pealed.
DEATH TO BE THE PENALTY.
Conviction of a Man Who Tried to
Kill a Whole Family.
GLASGOW, Ky., Dec. 3.— The jury this
afternoon, after beirtg out twenty minutes,
returned a verdict against Bob Brown of
willful murder and fixed his punishment
at death.
Two months ago Brown killed his fath
er-in-law, Alonzo McClemmand, a/ \ man
60 years old, shot his mother-in-law,'
shot his niece, Bertha . Courtney," . his
brother-in-law, James Clayton, his broth
.er-in-law Lewis McClemmand. , and
in resisting arrest, wounded a dozen of a
Sheriff's posse.' The motive of the deed
was that Brown had been intimate with
his , 13-year-old sister-in-law, - Terry Mc-
Clemmand, and feared she had told her
parents. .:' V ,<: :• ; . :\.: \ .- \ t v-::; f :s!
.•>>...-■ .; * ■: ...
AGAINST CO-EDUCATION.
Students at Wesleyan University
Hold a Mass Meeting.
MIDDLETOWN, Conn., Dec. 3.— A mass
meeting of undergraduate students was
held in Wesleyan University to-day to
protest against the system of co-educa
tion now in vogue at the college. Several
speeches were made, In which it was
maintained that the exclusion of women
from the college would be to the best in
terests of the university, and if the pol
icy of admitting women is continued it
will have the effect of greatly reducing
the number of male students. The feel
ing on this point was unanimous. The
meeting will be brought to the attention
of the faculty, who already have the
matter under consideration.
"JIM BLUDSOE" DEAD.
Passing of Captain Lamothe, a Miss
issippi River Steamboat Man.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3.— Captain William
Lamothe died suddenly on Friday night
at Alton, 111., aged 81 years. He was one
of the best known captains on tho Mis
sissippi. In 1842 he built the Luella. This
boat was burned between Alton and St.
Louis and from the incident John Hay,
now Secretary of State, found material
for the poem, "Jim Bludsoe." It Is said
that Captain Lamothe was in reality the
prototype of the hero of the poem.
Stanford's Debaters.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 3.—
The result of tho final preliminaries to
night for the intercollegiate Carnot de
bate in February gave places to Haydcn,
Springer and Suzsallo, with Ferguson as
alternate. Carl T. Hayden is fromTempe,
Ariz.; J. E. Springer, a junior from lowa
University: Anthony H. Suzzallo is from
San Jose and James Ferguson from May
field. The judges were Professors New
comer, Spencer and Fetter. The field for
the subject of the Carnot debate will be
limited to "diplmatic and commercial re
lations of France and Italy."
Will Reorganise Havana Police.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— Former Chief of
Police John W. McCullagh, the present
State Superintendent of Elections, will
Bail for Cuba some time next week to or
ganize the police force of the city of Ha
vana. Mr. McCullagh has been appoint
ed for this duty by President McKlnley
at the instance of General Greene, who is
in command of the American forces at
Havana.
Plans for the Inaugural Ball.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 3.— The inaugural
ball executive committee appointed by
Mayor Land met to-nighc and laid out its
workl' A number of sub-committees were
appointed anfi will get right to work in
preparing for the event. It is proposed
to make the earning ball the most bril
liant ever held here.
Both Teams Fail to Score.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 3.— The game of foot
ball to-day between the San Jose and
Santa Clara High Schools resulted in n
tie, neither team scoring. There was good
playing on both sides.
WHAT OLD WORLD
THINKS OF NEW
Stead on the Feeling- To-
ward Uncle Sam.
EXPANSION CAUSES CLAMOR
EUROPEAN POWERS WANTED
TO INTERFERE IN WAR.
But the Attitude of England and the
Coolness of America Discom
fited the Would-Be
Meddlers.
Correspondence of the Associated Press. Copy
righted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— William T. Stead,
writing from Rome under date of No
vember 21, says:
"The answer to the question, 'What
does the Old World think of the New
World?' has never been made with
greater emphasis than in the Eternal
City. The oldest Old World regards the
newest New with feelings of anger,
disgust and alarm, almost too great for
words. The sentiment of indignation
differs In intensity. But it is universal.
There is no sympathy for the United
States either among whites or blacks.
In fact, dislike of the American seizure
of the Philippines and a conviction that
the humane enthusiasm which made
the war possible wes a mere mask of
cant assumed in order to facilitate con
quest, are almost the only sentiments
shared In common by the rival camps
of the Quirinal and of the Vatican.
"With the King's men the sentiment
is comparatively mild. They do not be
lieve In the least in the disinterested
ness of the American war of liberation.
The American declarations are almost
universally derided as hideous examples
of a worse than English hyprocrisy.
Uncle Sam, they say, determined in all
things to surpass John Bull, has out
done him even in Pharisaism and cant.
The friends of America wring their
hands in unaffected grief over the fall
of the United States and the tempta
tion of lust of territorial expansion.
Her enemies shoot out the lip and can
shriek in derision over what they re
gard as the unmistakable demonstra
tion which the demand for the Philip
pines affords of American cupidity,
American bad faith and American am
bition. "We told you so,' they exclaim.
That is what the unctuous rectitude of
the Anglo-Saxon always ends in. He
always begins by calling heaven to wit
ness to his unselfish desire to help his
neighbors, but he always ends by steal
ing his spoons.'
"It is unpleasant for the Anglo-Saxon
to hear this on every side, but si-u-e
the peace negotiations have developed
a demand for the complete cession of
the Philippines Americans will do well
to recognize that some such statement
as the above represents the current
opinion of almost every one in Europe
who pays cursory attention to what is
going on abroad. The immense maior
ity of Europeans are, of course, abso
lutely ignorant of what has happened.
Intent on their daily toil, they neither
know nor care what occurs in other
hemispheres. But the Europeans who
read newspapers, who form what mu.y
be described as the public opinion of
the Old World, are practically of on a
mind on the matter. Outside of Eng
land I have met no non-American who
did not dislike the expansion of Amer
ica, nor do I think in the whole of our
tour through Europe I have met a Eu
ropean who did not receive my oro
testations as to the genuine sincerity
with which the American people en
tered into the war with more or less
mocking incredulity.
" 'It is all very well,' they say. in ef
fect, 'to dissemble your love, but why
did you kick me downstairs"? It wus
all very well to proclaim your disinter
estedness, but why did you seize the
Philippines?'
" 'Mere national brigandage, mark
edly odious phariseeism,' is a phrase
which roughly represents the judgment
of the Old World on the recent devel
opments of the new. From which it
may be learned once more the old
truth, that in a man's judgment of his
neighbor's motives we see the mirror
of his own character. For the most
part they express no surprise. They
expected nothing better from these
English of the New World. They are
true to their ancestry. But there is
in every country a minority of thought
ful men who, having for all their lives
been the stanchest friends of the Am
erican commonwealth, are now con
founded and utterly put to shame at
what is universally regarded as the
apostasy of the United States, the
abandonment of their national policy
and the adoption of the world policy
of conquest.
"When I listened, as I have been lis
tening for months past to alternate
taunts and lamentations of the foes and
friends of America, the babel of voices
seemed at least to merge into one
scornful chorus of welcome to Uncle
Sam.
" 'Hell from beneath is moved for
thee to meet thee at thy coming; it
stirreth up the dead for thee, even all
the chief ones of the earth; it hath
raised up from their thrones all the
kings of the nations. All they shall
speak and say unto thee, art thou also
become as weak as we? Art thou be
come like unto us? How art thou fall
en from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the
morning.'
"You may urge, rage and protest as
much as you please, the Old World has
made up its mind on the subject and
nothing that can be said or done in the
United States will alter its judgment.
The American Government has come
out of its ring fence. It has thrown its
hat into the arena of the world. It is
launched on a career of conquest which
will be all the more predatory because
it is masked by humanitarianism. The
commonwealth, they hold, has suc
cumbed to the malady which has so
long plagued the Old World. A bright
hope for the human race was extin
guished when the non-military power,
which eschewed all schemes of aggres
sion and annexation, enrolled Itself
among the common herd of conquering
states. So men talk everywhere in Eu
rope. Whether they regard the old
American ideal with sympathy or with
content they all agree in believing that
It has been abandoned, and that for
ever. The annexation of the Philippine
Islands may seem but a small thing,
but it is decisive.
"In the course of my tour I am now
compelled to admit that I found proof
in existence on the part of the powers
to intervene on behalf of Spain, which
might have been serious had it not been
checked in the bud by the knowledge
that England would have nothing to do
with it. When I was in Paris I was
positively told that no proposal had
ever been made to intervene, and that,
therefore, England had never had the
occasion or opportunity to put her foot
down on the anti-American coalition.
That no doubt was true as far as
overt action on the part of the govern
ment was concerned. But it is not less
true that immediately after the war'
THE EMPORIUM. |
,» .:•■. ,>> -. : -.-. .. ■ :■: ■ ■ . ■; ... :;;. •' ■.: ; .. /■ . :■. ■ .. .. . -.-■.■ ,<«■ :•<
t I :', . '•• i* . : t.,■. . • i \
1 I OP£W EVENINGS. \\
•»* * r -■ ■ : ■ : •■ ; - -• " ' • : -■ -- ■ * 3
* *"; .'■■■; Concert hv Baldwin Theater Orchestra every v v « *
f|t evening this week at j:so o'clock, except Saturday, ' . J *
J ♦ when the Emporium Orchestra will play as usual. $ 2
** } ]
I ! Good Clothes. \ \
it ♦ 5
*t- X ♦
♦ i ■'/; ¥ U^r^tV! p\^J ' ■■■■• ♦ «
t * /T / ■ If rV ,-■'■"•- «' v j
* L <r i // ' 1 r : ♦: 2
Al?^A 1 ?^ // \\/ *
t * N fV S
*j'■ . * 3
•{• t Great Clothing Specials. J J
f * B/|T Boys' Suits at $4.9sUezT\y SOO suits for ' ; J . 4
2 * joung men 12 to 19 years I coat, vest and long pants', worth $7 <' ■ *
A * and $B— every euit all-wool, well made, perfect fitting and fully. +.; <
A■■' ' ■ J ." " — assortment includes' many fancy mixtures, Black or .<" J
A J Blue Gheviots— they were bought from Lippman & Son 3, 707 and < r '--.-3
'♦ A 709 Broadway, New York City, at less than cost of *a qr ''- * ,j
•♦■-! A • making— we give you your choice of any snit in the lot for 4>4.yt) S' 4
I ♦ Men's $15 and $17.50 Suits for $11.65. * j
> ■ '•: 2 ; Your choice of fourteen styles of our $15 and $17.50 Sack Suits, •# .. : J
* J five styles of ; our $15 and $17.50 Cutaway Frock Suits— all ;: *> |
A A colors and materials, plain or fanev — our own regular full valne
* ♦ $15 and $17.50 suits For Eleven Dollars and --J
2 '*■''. Sixty-Five Gents — it's a splendid chance to save money 2 ..-^j
•2 •• "i • ■ and get an honest, . fine appearing suit of latest * f < /- _ . j. 'Hi
* J 5ty1e...... ..*...-..........'......... $11.65 4» <<
* .■■■*;■ Men* Overcoats at Money-Saving Prices. * |
A J ylvool Kersey and Covert Coats, worth $10, i*_ A - « * s "-'
A A goinga. :•-..- ■...•.-..•••■.....:..:.;......:::...........;,,.... $7.45 : . ,*- .<
* J[ ■ Fine $15 Kersey, Thibet, Coverts, Worsted Over- ti t__ . « , '<
♦'■ A coats going at..-.. ..........;......... $11. t ♦ ■'. -J
* * : : Fine $20 Kerseys, three colors, beautifully made, *._ nn
2- * at............ ..... v ...» ..... ..:... ...:..,.. ......:.. 4>O.UU J; 5
* { Boys' Knee Pants Suits $2*45— have . .* = <
*» A placed this price on a large number of . child's knee • pants ■ suits • - <# - 1
* ' A : ' for ages Bto 15 years— they are all-wool, doubl 9 seats *-y ._ *is^s
* *x and knees and worth $3 and $3.s9— while lot 1a5t5...... $ZAo *' : 2
* ■.•(§» .-•■..•-;•-- •■ - » -,f, f ■ • • ♦' . "*
* * . L^ ♦
*A■ < 2
■*-■♦• -i *-. -■ ■ -•'•■ ' - ''■ -'. V-, ■*',, i '.: J
if' ™ ' Oolden 'Rule Bazaai** 5| . - •'■ J . '■ J
2 ♦ ':CAUFQffIMS LARGEST-AMERICAS GRANDEST STORE. ■. * • J
*A.' . • 4 1
j*• * 5
* *4«4«*4*44444^44-d< v-^
broke out a diplomatic representative
of the powers communicated to an
American Minister at a European
court in plain and unmistakable terms
the displeasure of the powers and. their
desire to express that displeasure pub
licly and forcibly. This communication
was sufficiently serious for the contin
gency of the use of allied forces of the
European nations for the coercion of
the United States to be frankly dis
cussed between the two diplomatists.
The result of that discussion was to
put a summary stop to all notion of
European intervention.
" 'If you intervene," said the Ameri
can Minister, 'it means war.'
" 'Yes,' rejoined his visitor, 'and the
forces of the great European powers
acting in alliance would overwhelm any
opposition which America could offer.'
" 'No doubt,' said the American. 'But
you would have to bring your forces
across the Atlantic to the other hemi
sphere and keep them there for the
rest of your natural life. For the New
World is not going to submit to the Old
World any more. No, sir; not any more
than it submitted a century since, when
the odds were far worse.'
" 'And, remember,' he added, as a
clincher, 'that when you were bringing
your armies and your navies across 3000
miles of sea to fight America, you
would have to count with England, who
is certainly not friendly to your enter
"This put an extinguisher on the pro
posal. Nothing more was heard of the
contemplated intervention It never got
go far as' to be submitted to England.
The whole design was checked at the
very outset by the calm audacity w th
which the representative of America
played his cards including the trump
card of the Anglo-American entente,
which henceforth will play a leading
part in all the dealings of the English
speaking people with their jealous and
suspicious neighbors. > , iU
"I am very glad to be able to set forth
the actual facts as they actually hap
pened They were told me at first hand
by the person most immediately con
cerned and you can absolutely rely
upon the accuracy of the above state
ment." „___————
Victims of the Portland.
BOSTON, Dec. 3.— Six bodies of victims
of the Portland wreck #ere brought from
Orleans to-day to the Morgue in this
city. Three were subsequently identified.
One is that of Fred A. Brown .of Port
land- another that of a man named Allen
of Philadelphia and the other that of Eva
M Totten of Portland.
Fishermen report seeing a mast sticking
out of the water near Hogshead Rock, off
Cohasset, with a man lashed to the rig
ging. A crew will attempt to cut the body
loose and bring It to Cohasset.
Bibles for Porto Ricans.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— Rev. A. J. Mc-
Kira, agent of the American Bible Society,
sailed yesterday for Porto Rico with 1000
copies of the Bible and portions thereof
for distribution among the inhabitants of
that Island. Mr. McKim's visit to Porto
Rico will be the first that ever has been
made for the purpose of Introducing the
Protestant Bible among the people there.
PUNISHMENT IN ENGLAND.
Of punishments less than death which
prevailed in England years ago mutila
tion was one of the oldest and crudest.
Under the Danes, and even in the early
Norman times, for certain offenses men
were deprived of their eyes or parts of
the face or body. These barbarous penal
ties gradually softened themselves down
Into the comparatively mild forms ol
cutting off the right hand or the ears.
Branding disparaging letters on the
chest, forehead or hands was another
form of mutilation and was occasionally
performed as a substitute for cutting off
the ears on those who had already lost
those members.
The pillory was a favorite punishment
in former times and it had the- dubious
advantage that it might be either a very
severe penalty or a very mild, according
as the populace regarded the crime for
which it was inflicted. As the spectators
were allowed to pelt the vlctom he often
had a very bad time of it. If a cattle
stealer was pilloried In Smtthfleld he
fared little better than a horse-stealer
THE EMPORIUM.
in the more thinly populated parts of the
Lnited States. Three men are recorded
to have been killed in the pillory in Lon
don between 1755 and 1870. On the other
hand, a popular criminal was hardly in
convnienced and could crack jokes "with
the bystanders. Titus Oates experienced
both fates. On his first day In the pillory
he was all but killed. On the second his
friends nearly rescued him.
The penalty of burning to death pre
vailed from the earliest times and,
strange to say, it was practiced on what
men then considered merciful grounds. It
was long the special penalty for heresy,
and this because the church abhorred
the shedding of blood. And it was in
flicted, on women for crimes for which
men were hanged, as a concession to the
sex of the offender. In 1779 a man and a
woman were sentenced for coining. The
man was hanged and the woman burned.
The murder of a husband by his wife
was petty treason, and this was punished
by burning alive. In 1870 an act was
passed which provided that women should
suffer hanging, as in the case of men. It
Is consoling to know that in the seven
teenth and eighteenth centuries the vic
tims were not actually burned alive but
strangled beforehand.
Capital punishment was abolished for
twenty-one crimes between 1818 and io^4
In 1827 there were still thirty-on« crimes
punishable with death. It was abolished
for nearly all these between 1832 and IS3S
and remains now for only two. While
these reforms were being enacted capital
sentences, though still pronounced in
large numbers, were rarely carried into
effect. In ISIB 1254 persons were sen
tenced in England and Wales, of whom
only ninety-seven were executed. In 1838
of 116 sentenced, only six were hanged.
In the nine years. 1831-39, only five per
sons were executed in London
Prince George of Greece was dining
one evening on the island of Salamis
at the naval station there. At the last
moment the cook discovered there was
no lemon for the fish. Now, fish with
out lemon is an unheard-of thing in
Greece. A council of war was held. It
was decided that one of the revenue
cutters should be sent to Piraeus for
lemons.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Prudent
Piano
Purchasers
don't want *o buy an ex-
periment. Maybe un-
. known makers of recent
growth can give you a
reliable instrument, but
the chances are they
can't. Purchase a Byron
Mauzy and you take no
risk. It is a recognized
make. Warranted ten
years by the maker,
BYRON MAUZY,
308-312 POST ST.CLEVER GAME
OF DIPLOMACY
IN PROGRESS
Peace Commissions
Act Slowly.
SPAIN SEEKS A SCAPEGOAT
A DIVERGENCE OF OPINION
AMONG THE AMERICANS.
Although Germany Wants the Caro
lines, Their Possession Is Not
Likely to Cause Co_aplica
for the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call, ...
PARIS, Dec, 3.— There was no joint
session of the Peace Commission to
day, but the Americans had a three
hours' meeting.
The report from Berlin that Germany
is negotiating for the purchase of the
Caroline Islands is confirmed from sev
eral quarters, although Count yon
Munster-Ladenburg, the German Era
bassador here, informed a correspond
ent of the Associated Press that he
knew nothing at air about the mat
ter. The American Commissioners are
inclined to believe the report, and it is
looked upon a3 explaining the reluc
tance of the Spaniards to give the
Americans an answer in regard to the
t arolines, as well as on the question of
religious liberty there, and the latest
developments confirm the report that
the Spaniards have been instructed not
. to yield on these points until they have
made a good bargain..
The position of the commission, says
.. an American gentleman, is the same
as two card-players, each studying
his own hand and waiting- for his
opponent's lead. In spite of this tem
porary halt in the negotiations and
: ary to general opinion, Judge
pay, president of the American com
mission, believes the treaty will be
signed next week, but a great deal of
work must be done before the treaty
is ready for the signatures, as after j
ten weeks of negotiations the only ar- j
tides accepted by the commission are '
the three leading ones, providing for;
the cession of the Spanish colonies, and I
trn.se only in principle, and not in lan
guage.
The adjournment to-day was at
Judge Day's request, as the long ses
sion di-veloped a divergence of opinion.
Jiad the joint session been held, the I
Americans would not have entered it
as a united body. The exact nature of :
the differences of opinion cannot be j
ascertained, but it is believed some of ;
the Commissioners are in a more yield- :
inir mood toward Spain than their col- I
■eagles.
There is no doubt that the Spaniards /
i"nday will report the arrival of j
Governments- instructions, the I
.. c at wiicb caused Friday's ad- j
lournmunt.
Among on-lookers there is a skepti
:ism concerning these instructions. It
Is believed that they' constitute a di- j
plomatic scapegoat put forward by the
Spaniards to cover the delay neces
sary to them.
The question of a coaling station of
the United States in the Caroline Isl
ands is not likely to prove a serious
stumbling block. The Americans have !
not made it one of the demands the |
granting of which is essential to the j
conclusion of the treaty of peace.. Some '
of them think Germany's negotiations'
for the Carolines are likely to lead to i
(■(.implications between Germany and
the United States.
In French official circles it is assert
ed that under the Pope"s award of 1885
Germany already possesses certain
rights in the Carolines, which would
prevent Spain selling us one of those
islands, but this is a matter which has
already been investigated by the Amer
icans, who find that Germany's rights
refer to certain fishing privileges of
German citizens and their right to a
coaling station to be agreed upon mu
tually between Spain and Germany.
All this was set out in our foreign
relations book of 1886, and there is
nothing to prevent Spain selling us any
island she chooses. She undoubtedly
desires to sell the group, and might be
willing to transfer them to the United
States if her price is paid. Americans
familiar with the question consider
that the Philippines and Ladrones fur
nish all the coaling basis necessary.
FRIENDSHIP OF GERMANS
FOR THE FILIPINOS
-MANILA. P. 1., Dec. 3.— The Hong
kong newspapers have asserted that
the attitude of the Germans here was
hostile to the insurgents, but the Ger
mans of Manila have circulated a state
ment saying that they are thoroughly
frien .ly toward the Filipinos. This
Ftatement v signed by the German
f'onpul and the German business firms.
The natives infer that the Germans are
favorable to the independent faction.
TARIFF CONFLICTS
MUST BE AVOIDED
'.WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— While it is
beginning to be recognized that the
chances are against the conclusion of
the work of the Peace Commissioners
in Paris in time for the Americans to
lake the steamer of the 10th for home,
the officials are not discouraged at the
outlook, knowing that the delay in the
proceedings of the commission admits
of a reasonable explanation of some
points. For instance, there has been
bume difficulty in reaching an agree
ment as to the disposition of the pub- |
lie property in the Philippines, includ
ing war material, guns and stores. It
seems, however,, likely that the Com
missioners will agree to adopt a plan
for the disposition of these claims
based upon th<; procedure that gov
erned in the case of the Spanish prop
erties in "Porto Rico.
It will not be necessary, it is hoped,
to send a Joint evacuation commission
to Manila, as was done in the evacua
tion of Porto Rico, but simply to
jxiopt the plan laid down by the Porto
Rloao commission. It is surmised that
the American Commissioners have been
much more concerned by Spanish over
tures looking to the allowance of ex
ceptional advantages for Spanish com
merce with' Cuba and Porto Rico than
about other matters of negotiation
which really seemed to be of larger Im
portance.
The explanation of this is the realiza
tion of the present .Commissioners that
any agreement on their part to concede
such sper-ia! advantages might not only I
fiiouso the opposition of the commercial
elapses of the United States, but might
bring upon the United States Govern
ment a series of demands from the j
jreat commercial nations of the world
with which' we have treaty relations for
the allowance of similar concessions
under the operation of what is known
as the most-favored-nation clause in
those treaties. Much of the feeling ex
hibited by the German press toward
the United States Government was di
rectly traceable to a denial by the State
Department -of- just such a claim pre
ferred by Germany to be excepted from
the operations of the countervailing
duty in the sugar sections of the Amer
ican tariff act on the ground that other
nations Were permitted to send their
sugar to the United States free from
this duty, and the State Department
has always avoided, wherever pos
sible, any action that might cause fur
ther conflicts of this kind.
SPANIARDS ABANDON
THE TOWN OF CAPIZ
HONGKONG, Dec. 3.— Advices from
Capiz, in the Philippines, say the
Spaniards have abandoned that town
and that the insurgents, with eight
cannon, advanced upon it on November
24. Capiz is the capital of the prov
ince of the same name, in the island of
Panay. It is on the north coast of the
island and is the residence of a Span
ish Governor. It is mostly built of
wood and is defended by a small fort.
It has a population of over 11,000
persons.
ULTIMATUM IMPOSING
FRIENDSHIP SUGGESTED
MADRID. Dec. 3.— The Imparcial to
day, commenting on the statement that
the United States intends to fully re
establish relations with Spain, asks if
the American Government proposes to
send a new ultimatum, imposing friend
ship. ■ ; ■
ONE HOUR CHAMPION
WHEELMEN CONTEST
.■■•■■■ • • ■. . i
Elkes. the American, Easily Out-
Pedals Taylore, the French
Crack.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3— The indoor cycle !
season, which was bejjun at Madison
Square Garden to-night under the '
auspices? of the American Cycle Racing-
Association, attracted an immense attend
ance—nearly 10,000. A banked board track
measuring ten laps to the mile has been
laid down around the edges of the arena.
The programme was made -up of six
events, the principal of which was a spe
cial match race between the world's one
hour champions, Edouard Tayjore of
France and Harry D. Elkes of Klenns
Falls, N. V., paced by tandems.
George C. Schreiber of this cit».\won the
honors in the final heat of the* one-mile
amateur indoor championship very easily.
Nat Butler of Boston won the profes
sional indoor championship at a mile
very handily from Walthour of Atlanta
and Goodman of this city. Headstrom ol
j the Brooklyn men, who finished fourth,
: had a bad fall in the final lap, but pluck
! ily remounted. As the programme was
I too lengthy the finals in this event and
j the trials and final in the half-mile pro-
I fessional handicap were postponed until
some evening during the coining week,
in order that the one hour race between
Taylore and Elkes could be decided be
fore midnight.
The petroleum motor tandem, which
! was to have paced Eddie McDuffie of
j Boston in his one-mile exhibition, was
rendered useless by the bursting of a tire.
; The motor, it is claimed, un cover a mile
in less than' a minute on a large track,
but on the ten lap track it was impossi-$
ble to test the machine at full speed
owing to the number of turns.
The last event, tne one-hour match be
tween Taylor and E.^es, was begun a few
minutes before 11 o'clock. The men were
paced by tandems, and the nrize was a
purse of $1200. $500 of which went to the '
loser. The men-.Siaxted from opposite '
sides of the track. I
The American rider was the quicker |
away when the pistol cracked, anu at the
end of the first mile he had gained near
ly a quarter of a lap on vhe Frenchman.
Elkes kept on gaining steadily, and at the
beginning of the ninth mile he was al
most two and a half laps (a quarter of a
mile) ahead.
During the eleventh mile Elkes still fur
ther increased his lead and Taylore. in his
efforts to keep up, rode away ahead of his
pacemakers. Elkes kept forging ahead
and when he had completed the fourteenth
mile he was three and one-half laps to the
good. He seemed to be flying around the
track and soon had another lap to his
credit, forcing Taylore to leave his pace
makers again, the French rider tacking on
behind the American for a couple of laps.
Elkes passed the 20-mile mark in 43:18 3-5
and was then more than a half mile
ahead. He was eight laps to the good
at the end of the twonty-nfth mile and the
watch of the timers indicated M:4S2-5.
Encouraging cries greeted Elkes on '
each revolution, and he continued to gain
to the end. When the pistol ended tne
race Elkes had covered 27 miles 1014 yards i
in the hour, while Taylore was more than i
a mile behind.
The hour record held by Elkes on an
outdoor track Is 34 miles 1220 yards.
The one-mile scratch professional indoor '
championship of America final was won
by ' Nat Butler, Boston; second. Robert
Walthour, Atlanta: third, F. F. Goodman i
New York; fourth. Oscar Headstrom, ,
Brooklyn. Time, 2:42 4-5.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 3 —The weather was
cloudy and the track heavy. Results:
Flirt race, selling, six furlongs— Debride won,
Applejack second, Lady Disdain third. Time
1:19%.
Second race, five furlones, handicap, two
year-oldF—Sam Lazarus Esq. won. Pat Garrett
second. -Sir Casimir third. Time, 1:07.
Third race, selling, one and a half miles —
George Lee won, Rockwood second. Red third.
Time. 2:5014.
Fourth race. Macnolla Selllnp Stakes, one
mile— Boanerges won, David second, Timemaker
third. Timo. 1 :f,O.
Fifth race, one mile— Waterman won, Nannie
L.'s Sister second, Elkln third. Time. 1:52.
Indians Beaten at Football.
LOS ANGELES. Deo. 3.— The Arizona
Indian Football Tonm lined up against
the eleven of the University of Southern
California to-day, the game resulting in
favor of the home team: score 27 to 11.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PECULIAR REMEDY.
Something About the New Discovery for
Curing Dyspepsia.
The Rev. F. I. Bell, a highly esteemed
minister residing in Weedsport, Cayuga
County, N. V., in a recent letter writes
as follows: "There has never been
anything that I have taken that has re-
lieved the Dyspepsia from which I have
suffered for ten years except the new
remedy called Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets. Since taking them I have had no
distress at all after enting, and again
after long years can sleep well. Rev.
F. I. Bell, Weedsport, N. V., formerly
Idalia, Colo."
Stuart's Dypepsia Tablets is a re-
markable remedy, not only because it
is a certain cure for all forms of in-
digestion, but because It seems to act
as thoroughly in old chronic cases of
dyspepsia as weir as in mild attacks of
indigestion or biliousness. A person has
dyspepsia simply because the stomach
is overworked, all it wants is a harm-
less vegetable remedy to digest the food
and thus give it the much-needed rest.
This is the secret of the success of
this peculiar remedy. No matter how-
weak or how much disordered the di-
gestion may be. Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will digest the food whether the
stomach works or not. New life and
energy is given not only to the stomach
but to every organ and nerve in the
body. A trial of this splendid medicine i
will convince the most skeptical that
Dyspepsia and all stomach troubles can
be cured. The tablets are prepared by !
the F. A. Stuart Company of Marshall,
Mich., but so popular has the remedy
become that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
can now be obtained at any drug store
at 50 cents per package. Send for book
on stomach diseases free.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
&*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ l
» The Largest Toy '
■ Store in America*
k ■': . .
k 27,000 square feet of T floor space in the
k enlarged Toy Department filled with the most
k complete assortment of Toys ever shown in
k this State. There's
k 'v not another toy
' C\\^jt^^^ sno so large ,in
» W^^^^^M this country.
k r^h^^k^C^ To de P rive a child
t • J ) *3L~y&^//n£x °^ ssenSe ' n S this mar-
' e^/l&^yil\\\ velous display of
i f\ /V'iJ-O/ MV 'M t^ le newes >■; and
' rVV'V'7 vi) best toys is to cut
! ll\An ' l/ 'off half of the hap-
» x I 1/ \\\j£ir— piness'of this holi-
►' \ I \i I ls/^fl y time. •
k \l— <-*/ f //\ i Santa Claus re-
k % ; \l I 1 1 ceives daily and
i • -J I) gives a box of
k . jr candy to every
k child accompanied
k by parents and guardians.
| A doll that cannot easily be broken, that
k has eyes that open and close, and shoes and
, stockings, can be bought for 50c.
, Steam Engines that will go 25c to $5.
> Magic Lanterns that make good pictures,
« 50c to $10.
' Velocipedes as cheap as $1.75.
| A good strong wagon for SOc.
: 'oiSZrtnTsaio Fine Millinery
' i^^\ Bargain prices now instead i
' /s^\ Bargain prices now instead j
|.. JuJm -^h\ °^ J anuar y- Everything re-
1 Stotm^i^X \ duced — nothing reserved.
| B^iLfr'"" ' J rm materials;, est s a P cs >
'""- tjagM ivjb elegant feathers, velvets
' Jli^§s^tl^-J^ never so cheap as now — half
; {M*fp3|k£^ regular prices, many in-
''' W^-^ <&M 75c Fine French Felts, in brown,
' mW -^1? green and castor, now lOc
' *r$W 'Jf. W $1.25 Short Back Sailors in Fine
' WtoSW^ J//P& French, Felts navy blue, castor
! . $2.50 Silk Velvet-Covered Frames, -
i ■ j/&s^!^— this season's styles, colors cas-
> \^/ ~^ or brown, myrtle, gray, car-
1 ;; v \ \ ■ dinal and navy.... Sl->0
' $1.50 Os'rich Feathers, in Nile, lavender, Hleiotrope, navy,
' moss, light blue, prices were 95c to $1.50, now •'• — jOe
| 2.00 L3.rge Ostrich Plumes, in pink, moss, lavender, green,
navy, now • • • 95c
i $1.90 Ostrich Feathers, in bunches of 3, French heads in red, •
cardinal, blue, pink, canary .-•■■ 50c
1 500 Assorted Wings, in purple, red and green, were 50c, 75c,
' 85c, now T •••• ■ • " c
'. 100 Owl Quills, latest novelty, regularly 35c, now 20c
\ 200 Fan Wings, red, blue, were 75c, n0w.......... 45c
■ 300 Pointed Wings.were 35c, now 20c
, 200 Quill Pon Pon3,all black, all white, were 50c, now 25c
i 100 Children's Trimmed Hats,, fine French felt, elegantly
1 .trimmed in ribbons, wings, quills, fancy girdles, cheap at
$3.00, sale price .' '. ••••• • ..<■.... 51.75
1 Ladies' Trimmed Hats that were $10.00 now '. $6.00
' Ladies' Trimmed Hats that were $16.50 now Sl^.oo
' Ladies' Trimmed Hats that were $20.00 now $12.00
Holiday Slippers.
..•'." Men's fancy velvet embroidered Slippers,
y*N -#s=33 p.atsnt Is ather trimming, prety and - [
■s<c£o*^j\ comfortable — sixes 6 to 11.... /^C
<3Z^7><^-~>*&9* Men's fancy vel " ■
• ' broidered slippe f^.^o^^^^..
patent leather trimmings Qv. V^ rs^v^7' r^\^fST\ '
comfort in these szb 6 to 11... 7 A W^JV^T "^jE/ ' ;
jOrH J^k " Slippers— cjuppor id durable —
s ,^x>>^r^^|j|l • made for hard service — size 3 Q _
I^^^ Men's Black
Vie. Kiq Uptra Sli^peiSjpatent leather J £.
trimmings, turned sewed soles, the pop- X §\
ular Slipper at the popular *j ;c; c
price— sizes 6to 11...... - 4 > *-'*.- — — vfT^y _^
Men's chocolate color Vici Xi s, f m j
*\ • S ippsrs, kid lineu, i,** * o.«tfou a .i«o ■'%
T*\ " C\. . " ' beauty, comfort and durability ! all
J \^^^v ' combined in a medium-priced *. t Q0
I N. Slipper— sizes 6to 11... $1.70
I Men's tan and black Vici Kid Romeos,
■iur i "^^i i iastic side, ma ='- i most comfortabl c
shoe for hou
wear and can also bo worn in -, - 3§ejs£
the street— sizes 6 to 11 4>*->
T Mes' Felt Juliets, woo! lined.wi ]EKS|^iL
r-^?^^S."'vV Ladies' fancy plai . -.- - ... -
t!j^C\^\. Juliets — a well-made, attractive -, t<^
M ipper— all sizes... IpJ.JS
Men's Holiday Goods.
Bath Robes— the perfection '. ■
of comfort— almost an indispensable C^ik
article of the toilet— they have become . kJ J
1 so moderate in price as to be within the jc£<*S^
reach of all handsome effects in terry ■ /^y\^v>^\
cloths and rich heavy eiderdowns in _J^"*'V -V"^\
elegant color combinations, *, _ _ _ C^^<jH<.>V/V-
$2.50 t0... .... ■■■.. $15.00 ' /^Mb&iZfy'
ASGOtS, Puffs, Imperials, ¥$£■£&&&
Fpur-in-Hand3— warm, cheerful colors — / '// jJW^>H
generous and , artistic shapes— satin /. \i R[ -if-Zi'r '
grounds with groupings of artistic -^A) ~. t>\ &'>> -pE.
figures — wide bias stripes in large rr . \?hvr, MC h'X :-W
variety— sl,. 7sc and :. S(JC KVjK>--|'A=
Men's Gloves - the new drab \\. f> s<£ -\ \ '
or gray shades of Mochas and the dark V=i=_ £.<'. y"v- '']__
tans and chocolate Kid Gloves are the "^*"fe' : 5<S- ri r* .
proper thing • for men-^f ull linea of ■ ■ K> ':' .*> '.'';;■ -\ !
Dent's and Adler's— try our * 4 _-. sL'^_2 >-'.'J^ \
Walking Glove at... .:.:.. $1.00
Reefers and Mufflers in all desirable weaves
and colors, hemstitched and plain fancy colors as well as plain
black and white — we make no charge for stamping — \, -.^
$3, $2.50, $2, $1.50 and. ...:......... .........;.:•■$ 1.00
Initial Handkerchiefs -pure linen initial hem-
stitched "Handkerchiefß,. r full size for gentlemen, neatly packed
in half-dozen boxes— this value is not duplicated else- nr
where — each 25c
Holiday Gloves.
This season a prettier stock than ever— the new colorings
are exquisite, qualities cannot be improved upon. Emporium
orders are given direct to the French manufacturers, which in-
sures lowest prires. Get Glove Orders for
friends whose sizes or colors you do not
know. . . ...' -
Ladies' 2-clasp overseam Gloves, new embroidery, all the new
fancy and staple shades, all sizes, fitted and guaran- & 4 _ "
teed :—.......:;.........;.;.;.... ........... $1.00
; Ladies' 2-clasp overseam real Kid Gloves, new embroidery,
all the new fancy and staple shades, all sizes, fitted and & 4 L-
guaranteed ....... .:~... .......... .................... ......... \*2z>
•, Ladies' 2-clasp Walking Gloves, new embroidery, all the new
fancy and staple shades, all sizes, fitted and guaran- Iv __
teed. .;..„......:......:...;..:..:..:„.:.. .............;...;. .... $J;5O
" Ladies' 3-clasp overseam Kid Gloves, "The Premiere,", new
embroidery,- all the new fancy and staple shades, all sizes, the
best-fitting and wearing glove made, fitted and guaran- L 4L 4 rr .
teed !pJ.SO
Get a check with every pair of Kid
Gloves purchased here. Present same to
glove-cleaner and gloves will be cleaned
free of charge. .:..."-.
I THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥!
California's Largest — America's Grandest Holiday Store.
More than a thousand people are employed in conducting this business. Every time-saving device
in use in modern stores has been adopted, that customers may be waited on quickly and satisfactorily and
their purchases promptly delivered.
Beginning Monday, December 5, we shall keep open evenings until
Christmas. That will enable folks who cannot come in the daytime to select from unbroken assort-
ments this coming week, and folks who can come in the daytime, but prefer to avoid the crowds, a chance
to shop more comfortably. Santa Claus daily this week from 9a. m. to 2p. m., excepting Saturday, when
his hours will be from 9 to 12 in the morning only.
The Baldwin Theater Orchestra, under the direction of Professor Hinrichs, will give a
concert at 7:30 each evening this week, except Saturday, when our own orchestra will be in attendance.
ss a e "eoj°nn'e Winter Jackets.
We are not going to wait until January to reduce stock — we begin to-
morrow. More stock than usual on hand because of warm — more
than usual reductions to dispose of it. Prices on Holiday Velvet Capes
cut deep. See them.
f57.50, $10 Jackets for $5.
/T&^^W This New Style $7.50 Jacket, all-wool covert
cloth, two shades — and nearly 200 others—
all warm, fine jackets, all colors and sizes
anc styles, some of them were as high
/^^- as $15, most of them . were $10, ti^'K"
< /3 a great many silk lined; your choice
(f^lgzSr*^ while they last for .....;. ... . . . . ..^
/T^^\ $15, $16.50, $18 Jackets
H II II \\ ' or $10— New Style $16.50 Jacket, all-
. [ 7 I IJ^A^m. wool kersey, silk lined, black and navy only
/^^^^^JJ^S^ —and nearly 100 others— sls, $16.50 and
£5^M * l\Jj $18, all new, ne warm Jackets, all colors,
>^Jy / sizes and styles, mostly silk. lined. Our stock
... I ( is too heavy on these prices, so , if\
////L» \l^^ down they go now. While the lot *\J
HI Ni ' lasts your choice for ■ . . .... -. : ; . "^v
'^—^p^^ $20, $22.50, $25 Jackets
*9S$W^ for $15- About 50 of the Finest New
.. - ■ •• • $20, $22.50 and ; $25 Jackets in our great
stock, all colors, sizes and styles, every one perfectly lined with '^|'X
best qualities of plain and fancy sil>ls, many of them are im-
ported jackets. While the lot lasts your choice for ...:.....
The Holiday Books.
Standard Books.
Just received— sooo copies of the Handy
Volume Classics, daintily bound in cloth,
stamped in silver, over 150 titles, our
price 18c
2000 volumes of Standard Books by Good
Authors, neatly bound in cloth, over 100
titles, our price 25c
3000 volumes of Standard Books, in good
library binding, cloth, gilt top, many with
illustrations, over 300 titles, our price ...50c
For Boys and Girls.
2000 Books for Boys by Well-Known Auth-
ors, cloth bound, 30 titles 40c
2000 Books for Girls by Favorite Writers,
c'.oth bound, 30 titles 50c
1000 "Henty Booki," bound like the copy-
right $1.50 edition, 30 titles, all good,
special at 60c
Harper's Round Table for 1898, bound in
one volume, cloth- $2.25
St. Nicholas for 1898, bound in two vol-
umes, cloth, special $3.30
Bibles for Teachers 95c, $1.25 and $1.50
Spacial Sale of Books in Sets— Ask to see our 10-Volume Dickens at $3.75
Sets in fine bindings to hi closed out at greatly reduced prices.
Holiday
■'■ ■ • ■■ . . . _ _ - K Jr' : _: ' ■ ■ '
.^*m. . fffiMMf^aiMA Fop ■ <^s$ - -
<$i*n*sn ■ Furniture ■-, Gifts, .■; 4P
{rrmvsi Artistic Furniture - makes practical Christ* .'■• - /JA
jj fl MI 1 ' ma 3 gJi'ts, and, unlike the ordinary present, it is .^--v^-)— ■ ~^_^
f | 111 I ' nOt pU asideand forgotten after a few days, but <gl^lg»«=i J^^
\'z '.-] 111 II fl \'• . • keeps the giver in constant remembrance. .This "J^Hj t'^*^\\
1 Wm I t Week we make many - special and unmatchable /■ 1/ \\ X\
Jy[j[|[||y - offers in the Furniture Department. '/ |l \\| j\
X^Z^J _ This Low-Seat Comfortable Rocker, highly I " \ fij il
Lj^^p^sJl^ ■ polished oak or imitation mahogany, uphof- \ \\ 1/ I.
"Y^&g^^. • Btered with fine procatelle, spring seat, —o^ \ ff^W #
f^^L^^n wo rthss.oo, special week..... seat, *-» OD \ S^-l// :II
-•"^-fif^rl wort h $5.00, special this week $2 OD \\ jtffijk I
\u a= \^^^ This $5.00. Parlor : Stand, made of . ("CHfAy// *
X^^U quartered siwed oak, piano, polished top, / -^ITilr^f
nj» , 16x16 inches, fancy 1 shap3d shelf beneath Jl ' %-ll : \
for • books or Jardiniere, ' special *-, -1. 7/__ 11 «U
-■ this week... ..1 ........:....; $3.25 ~^'- \**r
■^ \ . This : Dainty $15.00 • : . '
■ f Mf= ! m^ Writing Desk, for ladies'
f(ii\\— --] i. -""7^ and roomy drawers, wortl | (\ " j \A^ ''.'■'''' \\\
'liMiff^y* --' ojf 15 M special this jog: I ' FT ~]{^^^y£ ,
J|f__. • W/l "Here's a Fine Solir ([ ' ' U^" „)
JA'rS^^Jl'l Oak 7-Piece Bedroom Suit • — '^^ ißSii S ::^ == \!^^^ m^ [ ;
r W^^Si- '// ■ Fren^ h ' beveled •: : glass, : I"- 1 -- 1 ' L^-l^P" 1 -' 1 *^* ;
N lUsS 35^ 35^ J||f . bureau Berpentine . shape. ,■ • ■ ° ; --*, , - "77 1
I If elaborate can r ing ano L*™"™""™"*"" -s^ JTI I. ==
.I • ->Ji I • highly finished, worth $40, -^I MLS r .- 1 ■ L
\ -*--i», special! this *-%Q% Q —^ <-«, — il. " "
*=sj> week............ $ZO./5 ;•
Special Sale Carpets,
Hundreds of rolls of Carpets in now designs and colorings --reduced for the first week in
December to prices that will prove a sure magnet for economical house-furnishers —
6'3c for 85c Tapestry Carpet. ' ': 85c for $1.25 Velvet ; Carpet.
: 45c for 60c Tapestry Carpet. . $1.00 for $1.25 Axrainster Carpet.
95c for $1.35 Body Brussels. ; 35c for 50c Ingrains. .?:■'■ ; .
Hundreds of patterns of the Best Body Brussels; Velvets and Wiltons at prices impos-
sible to duplicate elsewhere. : . .
» A Rug Speciat. , 
500 Moquette Rugs, size 60x27 inches, . regularly $2.50, while the quantity lasts. $I*so
Model Barber Shop.
• ,-,, On the west mezzanine — expert tonsorial artists in attendance— more chairs, added
facilities ;to meet the : demands of increasing business — work first-class in every particular. '■-
A nice place where ladies and children 'can have their work done. " Opan evenings until .
Christmas.
Hair Cutting 25c— Shaving 15c.
Ladies' and Men's Shoes polished sc.
P Ooldenßule Bazaar. ™
j THE EMPORIUM. |
New Books.
Sfl] — "Christmas in California" 50c
Rostand — 'Cyrano de Bergerac" 50c
1 Jokai— "Nameless Castle" $ .10.
Wiggins — "Penebp-j's Progress" $1. 0
! Mitchell— "Adventures of Francois" 51. 3 i
| Crockeit— "Red Aye" ,$1.35
' Weymen — "Castle Inn" $1.35
i Castla— "Pride Jennico" $1.35
Maclaren "Atterwards" $1.35
Kipling — "Day's Work" M.35
■ Parker— ''Baitld of Strong $1.35
Hubbard— 'American Statesmen" $'.60
I Peixotto— "Sketches of Chin itowiT $3.50
• Fiske -"Beginning of New England"... s3. 6o
', Gibson— "Sketches and Cartoons" $4.50
I Zogbaum — "Ships and Sailors" $4.50
\ Johnson — "Drawings from Truth" $4.50
j Crawford — "Aye Roma" $6.00
i Busch— "Bismar.k" $.0.00
Calendars for 1899.
Chheso Cii dr -n. Califo-nia Art, American
| Girl, U.S V., California Chinese Calendars..sOc
California Poppies, Wild Flowers, San
i Francisco View Cal?ndv 75c
Boys of '98, California Missions, etc. ..$l.OO
And hundreds of European Calendars
from 14c to 3>3.00.
THE EMPOEIUM.
Holiday Fans.
Ostrich Feather Fans, .- shell ? %)/ ■ *" *"
blades; made in Vienna, Black and /®f N |'! i-^jl
all colors, at $5.85, $4.85, *-»;-« . fl£\w^-^iMfo • •
$3.soand r:.~....... $Z.SU , / i^l/V. .My
Ostrich Feather Fans, wood J «jj<R / f ,'^( Mr
sticks made in Vienna, Black and / ' X^Sj^,;.^*?}*^^
all colors, at $2.25 and vs 1 , A «v t^ fcjvk^ -"^. ■////JjJ/k
..........;.... ' ■''\tißßsste+*%^
Parisian Fancy Feather Fans, jtW^^^^^^^
real tortoise shell blade, *_. or ■ /l^^^^jp^^fr
$9.85, $6.85 and $5-55 f M^J^f '
Empire Bolting . Cloth . Fans, fyylj
fancy wood sticks, black and all f/sLv $s^
colors, hand painted — 85c, 65c . '^^ktS*^*
75c and ~ J3C
Empire gauze Fans, with wood sticks, hand paint- * * ->^ ■
ed— s2.so, $1.85, $1.65, $1.50, $1!35, $1.25 and ......... $J.UU •
Empire Gauze Fans, carved Ivory sticks, spangled q,* _ .
and hand painted— s6.Bs. $5.95, $4.35, $3.35 and........ .pZ.OD
Folding Fans in shell alligator or seal cases at 50c each. >•■
Glove and Handkerchief Boxes.
Leatherette or Ivorine covered, prettily embossed arid --.
lined, at 75c per set — each Mr .
Metal bound and Handkerchief Boxes, glass frame . *- nf .
and plush trimmed, silk lined, $3.75 set— each *6.UU -
: Morocco Leather Glove . and Handkerchief Boxes, *j -- ;
fancy jewel corners, prettily lined, $3 set — each $I*JD
! ■-■•■■ ■. ■ ■ . -■. ■ ■■ >. .—.. — . 2 _ — 'J. ■
Holiday Handkerchiefs.
Ladies' all-linen hand-embroidered Initial Handker- ;._
chiefs, put up in neat >^-dozen Boxes, 90c — each.. ..... >OC ,
Ladies' grass bleached, all-linen, hand-embroidered initial
Handkerchiefs, -dozen boxes, extra sheer, $1.50 box— _
each ..;........: ■......■..:...- .... ZOC .
AT 15c EACH— dozen assorted styles scallope hem-
stitch embroidered Handkerchiefs,- also lace edge and Spanish-
drawn effects, exquisite styles on sheer cloth. ;
AT 25c EACH- 2000 dozen assortment to choose from, all '
exceptional values, pure linen and embroidered, 30 styles in lace
edges,- for. holiday gifts. V : /: L ' ; -V r vfV,- ■ „ ; '
AT 35c EACH— 500 dozen : special value lace edge handker- j
chiefs, very elaborate styles, Mexican drawn thread, all linen, for
holiday gifts, • » , . , •'
AT 50c EACH— Scalloped," embroidered all-linen handker- '
ch-efs, 65 different assortments, all .new designs, several new-
varieties, handsome lace edge. . . - , . . '- ■ .1
Oriental Holiday Goods.
tfSfc* The beautiful Chinese and Japanese Ba-
k^jL zaar on the main floor, rear, s one of . the .
- wTj'^ holiday sights of the Emporium. Here you \
• ' T^^^ff|r will find many Oriental novelties, whsch
JsJ^^^eL cannot fail 'to please and interest your
/^^^tSW^mX Eastern friends, who cannot readily obtain :
*" aJW' >\ -.hem in their own homes. There are ; fine
~Jl' ■- O m'iJm loisonnes, Bronzes, Chinaware. Porcelains, •
flteS^ fe?OT ories, Carved Gpods, quaint Ebony Ftirni- .
S^^^Si i ,^« i ' 1 cure, Chinese Jewelry.' Sandal wood Kovel-'
ty^EsSlznHlvliJi- 'ties;*: Lacquered". Ware, .Toys, Pansi, all ;
W^^jiijr '' 1 ' kinds of Embroidered Handker-
'iiili iii iIMiJJ// ■■ chiefs, Shawls, ladies' and gentlemen'a ; Silk
Gowus '.jii'i Jackets— Bedspreads, and almostr innumerable nov-
elties and fancy goods in modern and antique design. We have
just received a large consignment of China Tea Set^ and * odd
cups and saucers, which you can select a very pretty and
dainty Christmas present. . /
To-morrow and during ths week we place on special sale a
large assortment of ladies' ss embroidered Silk Jackets, *> «p.
odd sizes and broken line of colors at '4>O»UU
" . Gentlemen's plain 1 Silk Jackets that sell regularly *-^ m'
for $3.50 and $4— special this week at...... -..■ 4>Z.DU .
Holiday Neckwear.
Ostrich Feather Boas for Holiday Gifts— very
acceptable these exceptional qualities pure ostrich, *„ -~.
extra full and well made, at $15, $12.50, $10.50 and...
Ostrich Feather Collarettes— a choice
Christmas gift — 18-inch, extra quality, a rich glossy *~ 7£ _
black, at $6, $5 and - • .JO./O
Peacock Feather Collarettes — Latest
Parisian Novelty — durable and stylish — not expensive — * _~
18-inch size. ..." , JA.3U
Peacock Feather Boas— B6-inch size, * . nn
$3-45-incli size J^.UU
Imported Sample Collarettes, comprising
extreme novelty Liberty Collarettes in Black, 85 different * . ~.»
styles, at a big reduction— s3, $2.50, $2, $1.50 and 4>*.UU
: : '— ■_ ;; — ■ — ; ~~rrr : -- \
Pattern Suits for
Mother, Wife or Sister.
Pattern, Suits, ample length of dress goods to ' make one
dress, neatly done up in holiday boxes, always very welcome ;
presents. We offer 350 in exclusive styles— the assortment so .
varied that we can suit all ages and tastes. We would espe-
cially emphasize the excellent values centered in every one of ;■
above suits. Prices range as follows : $3.50, $5, L *^ n nn ■
$6, $7.50, $9, $10, $12, $13.50, $16, $18 'and.'....:.... ] $^U.UU;
The Groceries Monday and
BhG tbiB 9 @€*(&S*B&S Tuesday only
, : District Grocery Telephone— South 59. .
New pack Fancy lowa Corn, regularly 10c can, for s two days.. ".Be
Gold Dust, the large package, on Monday, and Tuesday 17c
Emporium Baking Powder, "good as ' Royal •or your money
back," regularly 37c 1-lb. cans— for 2 day 5....—....... ......30c ,
Mortadella'tJ Half Moon, }<s, regularly 50c, Monday and Tues- • , ;
day •••' •• v ....- ._;.........-...« 40c
New crop Pop Corn, regularly-5c lb for 2 days, 7. lbs.—. 25c
Naglee Brandy, "guaranteed 26 years old," put up for us by J. ,
Naglee Burke. We"recommehd it to be the best article for
. medicinal use to be had — . . •
Gallons, regularly $5.50 for • .....$4.75
Quart bottles/regularly $1.50 f0r...... ......•..........■...'...51.25
:">-.; -; . [Money back if you want it.) * : ■
Boiled Cider, the $1.50 gallon quality, for 2 days $1.00 ..
Good Boiled Cider, for 2 day5— b0tt1e..:.... ....'.....:.'..:...... 25c '
Bourbon, quart bottle, for 2 day 5...'.....:. :.V.......: .V....... ; ....:.45c '
Welsbach Lamps* ♦
tTh'e very latest Improved Genu" j*T
. me Welsbach Lamps, like 4, f . «j_ 4®m&
picture.......-...;,...,.,.:.. \<P}^? : :m$ . ■
Others ask Si.y^to $2.50. <!%W! %W
: Can you think of ; a more useful Wm
present. than a brilliant drop light ||||
- for sewing,' fancy , work or ' reading
these long winter evenings?: ; We |s
; have just received a'- large ; assort-; i||||
ment of them, and they are marked at a ; price which * SSS2BSI
we do not think you can duplicate elsewhere. ::' ",; • . :- : ..- * ■
i Our 35c ; mantle .is a great success, because we , , ':
give another one free of charge if they break within . ' :
30 days. f If they burn successfully for a month the
chances are that they will last nine V months or ;: one
year— there's the economy. We ' also have mantles I
■ for 15c and 25c. ' '• : : " , • 4 ! ; \
j THE EMPOBItTM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥%
Concert by Baldwin Theater Orchestra '
every evening this week at 7:30 except
Saturday, when the ■'■ Emporium Orchestra
will play as usual.
The ' Holiday Messenger.
Our ■ 8 -page Christmas,,
Booklet will help you if you $£v
are in doubt what ; to buy *2<*
for your friends. It con- sf^ft
tains hundreds of valuable %^f^
suggestions. ' Gives prices,
etc. Ask for it at any *&s&£&
counter in the store. 'm^'T' 1^
56
SUNDAY : DECEMBER 4, 1898
JOHR P, SPRECKELS, Propntot
PUBLICATION OFFICE Mark«t and Third Sts.. S. Pi
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL 800M5...... ...217 to SSI Stev«n»«n Street
- - Telephone Main 1874.
. THE 6AN FRANCISCO k CALL {DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carrier* In tljls city and surroundli>B town*
for 15 cenU a week- By mall S6 per year; per mont{»
6i> cent*. ______»
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. %USQ
OAKLAND OFFICE «i ..» *» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE ..Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Repreeent«thr».
WASHINGTON (©. C.) OFFICE ..RI|U« ■«"•
C.C. CARLTON. Coirespondeßt.
. CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlai
C. GEORGE KRO3NE6B, Adverting Represcntatlv*.
BRANCH OFFICES— SS7 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
: open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street. OD«n until
I»^0 o'clocK- 681 McAUUter street, open ui)tM 9:30
e'elocK- (515 Lark.ln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- ] S£9l MarKet
•treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- W6 Eleventh
•treet. open ur)tll 9 o'clocK- 1506 PolK street. *pen
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-»«e««* «M
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'cto<k. :
/.MUSEMENT4
- California —"A Boy Wanted Just for Fun." £vY-
: Columbia— "Gayest Manhattan." i 4"-i 4"- - -*ST '
f Alcur.ar— "The Folltlciah."
Tlvoli— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
MorOECo'*— "The Commodore."
Cofnedy Theater— "The Crust of Society/
Orpheum— Vaudeville,
The Chutes— Gorrllla man. vaudeville and the aoo.
Olympla— Masoi and Eddy streets, specialties.
. Sutro's Baths— Stvlmfnlng:.
Mechanic's Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
Colunttjla — Press Club Entertainment, Thursday After-
noon, December 8.
Gi'en- Mission Zoo.
. Recreation Park— Baseball.
Ingleslde Coursinp Coursing.
Sherman- Clay Hall— Recital Friday Evening, De-
cember !'. • ,;.; y
Oakland Race Track— To-Morrow.
P.osgnthal— Coming in December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Kllllp <fe Co. —Tuesday evening. December 6. at 7:30
o'clodk, Thnrousht.red Yearlings, at corner Market street and
Van Noss avenue.
ThiE ROTTEN SCHOOL BOORD.
AT a ma>s meeting of school-teachers held in
Golden Gate Hall yesterday it was resolved to
employ counsel to collect the salaries of the
School Department for the months of October.XNo
vcmber and December. There was a full assemblage
of teachers present. School Superintendent Webster
presided, and a committee of prominent educators
was appointed to hunt up a lawyer and set him to
work.
This is the culmination of the boodling operations
of the odorous Board of Education now in charge of
the School Department of this city. The board has
expended the money of the school fund in purchasing
useless furniture and material in violation of the one
twelfth act, and has left nothing with which to dis
charge the obligations owing the teachers. It is a
case of rank corruption and mismanagement, and the
result shows to what extent boodling politicians will
go when they abandon their self-respect and all re
gard for the good opinion of their neighbors and
friends. We doubt whether the political annals of
San Francisco will yield a more debasing figure than
this boodling Board of Education presents to view.
The "tough old board" of 1887 was an aggregation of
angels compared to it.
Now that the school-teachers are holding mass
meetings and employing attorneys to collect their
salaries, and now that the contractors of the depart
ment are about to have their demands held up by in
junctions and writs of mandate, it is pertinent to in
quire as to the whereabouts of the Grand Jury. It is
scarcely possible that that body would find difficulty
in indicting the School Board ring. Crime upon
crime has been committed by its members in full view
of .the public. School Director Waller has been ac
cusdd of bribery by sworn affidavit, and Burns, Gal
lagher and the rest have almost been convicted of
malfeasance in office. Why cannot the Grand Jury
take some effective action against these men? Does
the law afford no remedy for their conduct?
Mobs are bad things, and it would be a disgrace to
the city if the school-teachers were to visit the homes
of the members of this rin^armed with ropes. Yet
who can truthfully say that men who drag the public
schools in the mud of politics as these men have
dragged those of this city do not deserve hanging?
A man who will betray the sacred trust of education
is worse than a thief. He is a debased and debasing
wretch for whom death in any form is almost too
good.
The effects of the work of this band of boodling
School Directors will not be effaced for years. The
School Department will suffer from the contagion of
their tpuch for generations, and thousands of chil
dren will £eel the influence of the corruption they
have spread throughout their lives. But what is the
remedy? The Grand Jury neglects to indict, the Dis
trict Attorney has joined the army and is not attend
ing to business, the press is quiescent and the people
are indifferent. None but the school-teachers are
worrying. Is this a case of mental calm preceding the
moral storm? Or have we abandoned our govern
ment entirely to boodle?
Ex-Minister Hannis Taylor may be partly right in
the view he takes of the relations between this coun
try and Spain,, but he ought not to go so far as to
speak of that country as an old and good friend.
Ever since the Virginius affair at least there has been
a coolness. An old and good friend would never have
tried to strengthen the claim by butchering our men.
Nothing could well be funnier than the spectacle
of Correspondent Creelman gravely assuring the
world of the truth of certain statements of his em
ployer. Creelman is one of the few men able to make
readers believe the sun will rise in the west. All he
would have to do to produce this result would be to
announce that it was to rise in the east.
The murderer of the President of Uruguay has
been acquitted because he acted under the stimulus
of "political effervescence." No exact definition of
this valuable commodity accompanies the informa
tion, but it is probably sold over a bar.
San Francisco teachers do not often take to the
warpath, but they are there now, and Directors will
manifest sound judgment by taking to the woods
while they yet have scalps.
There is nothing surprising that there should be a
scandal on the local turf. The entire scheme of
racing as now conducted here month after month is
in itself a scandal.
Central American republics have broken apart. In
other words, the tails of the several cats tied over a
Hcthcs-line could stand the strain no longer.
THE PACIFIC BANK EXPOSE.
THE CALL has completed its revelation of the
int/nods by which the Pacific and People's Sav
ings banks were wrecked.
The disclosure was due first to the people who were
despoiled by a wonderful conspiracy, which had on
one side financiering and official sharpers, and on the
other morally weak and venal young men, who had
no moral comprehension of their duty as trustees of
their depositors.
In the second place it was due to the banking and
financial institutions of this State, which suffered in
repute from the fall of these looted banks.
A case of equal interest has seldom occurred in real
life. Fiction deals with the wreck of banks and the
collapse of great financial enterprises and their at
tendant tragedies. But it is probable that among the
properties of the story writers there has been no ma
terial as dramatic as that furnished by the facts in
this local case, as they have appeared in our columns
in the language and letters of the parties themselves.
The great purpose we had in view was the finding
of a way to a measure of restitution to the people who
had been robbed. In furtherance of this we uncov
ered property, conveyed and sequestered in fraud,
which will finally add largely to the dividends which
depositors will receive out of the liquidation of the
two banks. Indeed it is not impossible that, joined
to the very excellent management of the assets which
the conspirators were not able to conceal or carry
off, these properties discovered by The Call may pay
out par to the creditors and make thenv whole on the
principal at least of their deposits.
Above all is the lesson taught to all fiduciary trus
tees, that infidelity to their trust cannot be always
covered^ up, that all newspapers cannot be paid for
looking the other way, and criminality and reckless
ness must some day come to light, and property won
by conspiracy cannot pass through any complexity
of conveyance which will purge its possession of the
vitiating fraud in which it was first acquired.
In doing this work we had to deal with names
which retained public respect, but not a word has
been printed in proof that Was not writ by the actors
themselves, or of each other. We have created noth
ing. The case was made by the parties to it. Theirs
was the greed on one side, and the vaulting ambi
tion, the weak-pated susceptibility to flattery and low
moral tone on the other. The marvelous intrigue,
reaching from the "sweat room" of a bank clear out
to the cactus pjains of Arizona, extending into poli
tics, literature, movements for temperance and moral
reform; invading the public school system, and
touching with tar two State offices provided for the
protection of those who trust banks, and not to par
ticipate in their robbery, makes a story that could be
staged with advantage.
Over it all is the cloud of sorrow and distress that
came over thousands of people whose savings were
iost> whose hope and trust were turned to terror and
despair, and whose voices at one time joined in a cry
for summary vengeance upon the 'guilty.
From many sources have come to us thanks and
gratitude. Out of the ranks of those whose expo
sure was necessary to justice have issued some threats
and many cries for mercy, for protection against their
own written evidence of their many offenses. In
these have been the tragic elements of the task we
have accomplished. As in the case of all crimes, the
guilty can appeal in the name of the innocent, who
must suffer more than the toughened natures which
have been thickened and dulled by the experience of
criminal adventure.
The air has been cleared. The actors are face to
face with the public. The sufferers for the first time
have knowledge of the ways and means taken to rob
them. The law has had pointed out to it the devious
path down which the guilty packed their plunder to
dump it in what they thought was secret safety. Our
duty is done and our task is accomplished.
STAND ASIDE DEMOCRATS.
I ; ROM the gloomy Democratic camp far up Salt
I River the sound of many voices is heard with
* clamorous iteration shouting to one another,
"Stand aside." Though all use the same words, few
use them with the same meaning. There are no har
monies in the tones, and one who listens will soon
perceive the new cry is but the howl of another set
of faction fights.
Croker leads off with the shout, "Stand aside, Mr.
Bryan." John Brisben Walker shouts, "Stand aside,
Croker." Mr. Bailey cries, "Stand aside, you jungoes."
A whole host of little fellows retort, "Stand aside,
Mr. Bailey." Every man jack of the outfit wishes
every one else to stand aside. No one makes any
attempt to harmonize the factions. Each is ani
mated by but one desire — that of making all the rest
get out of his way and stay out.
There is nothing surprising or unusual in this tur
moil. Winning or losing, the Democrats of this gen
eration must have their factions and their fights.
When they win they fight over the spoils. When they
lose they have no other way of getting despondency
out of their hearts than by flying at each other and
fighting it out. This time they have a great deal of
blue gloom to dissipate. They have been sorely
afflicted with those painful feelings which produce in
men and beasts a desire to be alone, and their strug
gle now is not so much for victory as for solitude.
It is to be hoped that this time the fight will be to
a finish. The whole country would be benefited if
Bryan, Bailey, Croker and all the other lords of mis
rule would stand aside. There is needed now a free
way for the great, broad policies of action that the
people voted for in the last two elections, and the
free traders, silver cranks and fiatists of all kinds
would confer a favor if they would crowd one another
out of the field and keep out.
c UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT.
AMONG the people of New England the chief
topic of discussion is not the currency, nor
annexation, nor any matter of national poli
tics whatever. Concerning all of these they are more
or less indifferent. All the ardor of their minds and
the energies of their tongues and pens are given to
disputations over the qualities required to make up
the character and the culture of an ideal president of
a modern university.
Three New England universities — Yale, % Brown
and Amherst — are now looking for a president. The
idea of holding a primary election to choose delegates
to a convention to nominate one seems to have oc
curred to none of them. It looks as if the trustees
of each institution desired to make the selection with
out consulting the people, but if such was their de
sire it has by this time vanished into what Shake
speare once called "airy air."
The people of New Englrnd are not voting on this
issue, for they have no right to vote on it, but they
are talking as if they had .a right to talk, and no two
are talking alike. Almost as many kinds of ideal
university presidents have been described in the press
of that section by editors or by correspondents as
there are able-bodied men in the six States. Never
theless, it appears not one of the ideals fits any living
man and very few dead ones.
One idea calls for a profound theologian who takes
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
a warm interest in athletics, another requires a vigor
ous business man of scholarly culture, a third de
mands a man whose attainments are recognized by
scientists all round the world and sufficiently ortho
dox to enjoy the confidence of the parents of Ameri
can youth. There are some who wish a man like
Roosevelt, but not Roosevelt himself. Others would
have one like Seth Low, but not Seth Low himself.
When the mentor of the youthful Rasselas was ex
plaining to him the high qualities which a man must
possess in order to be a poet, the Prince cut him
short with the very apt exclamation: "Enough. Say
no more. You have convinced me no man can be a
poet." Some such answer as that will the trustees of
Yale, Brown and Amherst have to make to the mul
titude of clamorous advisers concerning the proper
qualities of a university president. "Enough; there
can be no such thing as a man fitted to be a univer
sity president."
We do things better on this side of the Rockies.
The University of California is, like Yale, Brown and
Amherst, looking for a president, yet no one in this
State is demanding the impossible. All that we ask
cf the trustees is to choose a man who will build up
the various colleges and the football team, inspire
the students by his presence and the State by his in
fluence with a true ardor for learning, and by his
scholarship, his financial skill, his oratorical ability
and his administrative energy make our university
the greatest in the world.
\A ANY times has it happened in recent history
/ \ that the existence of a petty but irritating evil
has caused men in seeking a remedy to adopt
a reform so wide sweeping and so beneficial as to con
stitute something like a landmark in their social de
velopment. Something of the kind will probably oc
cur in this country as a result of the greed of the ex
press companies in compelling their patrons to pay
the comparatively small tax imposed upon the com
panies by the Government under the war revenue act.
The meanness of the companies has been felt as an
irritation throughout the nation, and as a consequence
there has developed a widespread demand for the es
tablishment by our Government of a parcels post
system similar to that maintained by the progressive
nations of Europe.
A strong argument on the subject is presented in
the current number of the Merchants' Association
Review by E. P. Hemenway of Winchester, Mass.
Mr. Hemenway points out that under the existing
law the weight of parcels carried by post in the
United States is limited to four pounds and the
charges are I cent per ounce, 16 cents a pound, or 64
cents for the full weight parcel.
In countries where a proper parcels post is main
tained the advantages of the people are much greater.
In Great Britain the maximum weight is 11 pounds,
and the cost 36 cents, or about 3 1-3 cents pet pound,
for any distance in the kingdom. In Germany thrj
maximum weight of parcel is 11 pounds, which costs
6J4 cents, or about three-fifths of a cent per pound,
for ten miles or less, and only twice as much, or 12V2
cents — 1 1-5 cents per pound — for any distance in the
empire.
In addition to the parcels post systems of the va
rious nations there exists an international parcels
post which has been successful from the start. It
includes nearly all the civilized countries of the globe
except our own. We have, however, parcels post
conventions with some comparatively small nations
outside of Europe, and Mr. Hemenway notes it as a
curious fact that within our own borders we are held
to a four-pound weight and 16-cent rate, while we can
send the same matter through the same postoffice out
cf and to distances as far beyond our borders, to some
fifteen foreign ports, in eleven-pound parcels and at a
12-cent per pound rate; or the weight limit is in
creased two and three-fourth times, while the rate is
decreased 25 per cent.
Recent reports from Washington announce that
Congressmen are being petitioned from all parts of
the Union to establish an effective parcels post sys
tem here, and there can be no doubt a strong support
will be given to the measure. It is a reform that
should have been enacted long ago, and in v forcing
the issue to a speedy settlement by their unpatriotic
greed and tax-shirking the express companies have
really prepared the way for the accomplishment of a
great public good.
THE CUBAN "QUESTION."
IF reports contained in dispatches from Havana are
to be relied upon, the settlement of the Cuban
"question" is going to be more troublesome than
that which the Peace Congress has lately settled in
connection with tire Philippines.
A late cable from Havana states that General Por
tuondo, President of the Cuban Assembly, has ex
pressed the opinion that unless the United States
grants Cuba independence the insurgents will again
take to the woods and fight for liberty. According
to this gentleman the soldiers will never consent to
have the taunt cast in their faces that they got rid
of the yoke of Spain only to subject themselves to
the "yoke" of thejUnited States.
The fact seems to be that the insurgents regard
Cuba as their particular prey. They fought the Span
iards for the purpose of getting a chance to handle
the taxes of the islands, and they are not disposed
to submit their privileges to either the control or
supervision of the United States.
This is a very serious matter, and in time we have
not the slightest doubt it will result in a great deal
of trouble for this country. To turn the lives and
property of the people in Cuba over to the insurgents
cannot be thought of. They are little more than
bandits, who would introduce a government more
unequal and unjust than that which the United States
has just suppressed.
But exactly what figure we will cut in fighting the
insurgents after having liberated them cannot now
be described with any certainty. The war was under
taken on the theory that it was the duty of the
United States to put an end to Spanish rule in Cuba.
If it shall now be concluded that it is necessary to
put an end to Cuban rule, the jingoes may be called
upon for one of their best "arguments." That the
insurgents will ever submit to the control of the
United States in their looting operations, however,
we do not believe. General Portuondo admits that
Mr. McKinley would make short work of the Cubans,
but he declares that they will die -fighting.
Something should be done to check the City Hall
practice of selling warrants to half a dozen brokers.
Not that there is felt a particularly keen sympathy
for the brokers, but so much crookedness at the
municipal building and so little punishment has be
come actually tiresome.
When Shafter reaches San Francisco he may be
certain of a hearty welcome, but the paper which for
merly displayed his picture over its door will be cold
and distant. This is said to prepare Shafter for a
shock.
Spain has as persistent a habit of yielding as Patti
used to have of making farewells.
c PARCELS POST.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
No man can ' tell how ; his opinions
will be received by the .public. There-
fore, one who writes personal opinion
and attaches his name to it is treated
!to a series of surprises. Sometimes the
most innocent paragraph evokes a ver
itable storm of disapproval. In thai :
case it is well to pass the matter over,
and then in a day or two it is forgotten.
On the other hand I have had the pleas
ure of being commended ' for having
taken a position on matters so trivial
there was sno reason to; suppose any
body would care one way or the other.
Last week, for instance, there was < a
line devoted to : the hobbling and abor
tive term 'varsity, and, ,to my sur
prise, several people . have taken ; the
trouble to express agreement. That
'varsity is an ', outrage no person with
an . ear needs to ibe told in . print. It is
at best an absurdity, for university
cannot by an rule recognized of san
ity be abbreviated and twisted Into
such a meaningless, Idiotic, jarring bit
of jargon. If a man were to speak of a
univarsity he Would justly, be set down
as an ignoramus. It Is my blessed priv
ilege to thus set him down after he has
; beheaded the visible ' evidence of : his
foolishness.
'••..* «•
A correspondent level of head calls
attention to the fact thattheseason ap
proaches when the paretic writes
"Xmas." Of course there is no excuse
for this ' symbolic lunacy, yet I rather
hate to say so for Bierce has yearly and
proper; spasms : about the, same thing.
To ;so designate the anniversary of. the
birth at •; Bethlehem fis , a token of im
measurable laziness, ignorance, and to
the ; devout must have the appearance
of blasphemy. There is, however, ;no
utility in protest. The lazy will not be
stirred to an extra stroke of the pen,
the ignorant we have always with us,
outnumbering the poor, and the unholy
wretch who wantonly commits the
crime of Xmasing has no conscience to
which to appeal. • f
• * *
-" . -
From Mendocino County comes a let
ter written in such apparent good faith
that lam glad to answer it. The writer
of the letter calls attention to an ac
count of the crime of Rosser, who,
while drunk, killed an inoffensive citi
zen, a good man, a kindly and indus
trious provider. He then adverts to an
editorial in this paper concerning the
wine industry. The editorial set forth
the advantage of the use of wine at
dinner. Evidently the intent of the
Mendocino gentleman was to point out
an inconsistency. I must confess to in
ability to see a connection between the
crime of a drunken soldier and the
great industry of wine-growing. If
people were to drink more wine at din
ner and less coffee, if they were to quit
tanning their interiors and racking
their nerves with tea, substituting the
juice of the grape, I think they would
be better mentally and physically and
certainly not the worse morally. If the
grape is the destroyer of virtue, the
primal mistake concerning it cannot be
ascribed to man, who neither created it
nor so constituted the hills of Califor
nia that vineyards flourish there, draw
ing abundant sustenance from soil in
which nothing else would thrive. If
because some abuse the bounty of na
ture, people who have • more sense
must refuse to accept it, this would be
a hungry and thirsty world.
There has been laid upon my desk
a copy of "The Invalid's Visitor," with
a request that a notice be given it.
There could not be a duty Imposed to
which response could be made with
more sincere pleasure. The Visitor is
not literary, and makes no pretense to
v being so. But in every line it breathes
so sweet a faith, so patient an endur
ance, that in contemplation one would
be hardened indeed who felt no thrill
of admiration. I would not say pity,
for no pity Is asked. The Visitor is
the medium by which invalids denied
the ijoy of mingling with the world,
shut in from the sun, communicate
with each other. The letters they ex
change are full of brightness and
hope — surely a lesson to those who
have health and who still repine, and
to the sufferers themselves a message
of cheer. People who, bed ridden year
after year, can praise the Lord for
goodness and mercy, are of different
fiber from most of us. Pain has refin
ed them. Nobody would have inclina
tion to quarrel with their theology. In
heroism and in true nobility they con
stitute an example for us all.
• ♦ •
Mr. and Mrs. Brandes. who rest un
der the shadow naturally environing a
couple accused of v ving murdered
their daughter, objected to being pho
tographed for the enriching of the
rogues' gallery. While as to their guilt
I entertain an opinion such as would
unfit me for jury duty, so far as the
photography is concerned they have
my full sympathy. In fact the officers
had no right to take the pictures. In
doing so they ignored the presumption
of innocence. They have no knowledge
that the two are guilty. If Brandes and
his wife shall be coi '"ted there will
remain ample time in which to pose
them in front of the camera. If acquit
ted, there will be no occasion for posing
them. To place a rogue's picture in
the rqgues' gallery is right enough, but
in all Justice there must first be per
formed the duty of proving the
roguery.
While to deride newspaper English is
considered laudable there are about it
some singular beauties. For instance,
an evening journal published in this
city lately recorded that Clara McDon
ald met Chris Markham in a saloon and
touched him for $10. It might have said
that she had swiped his roll, picked his
pocket, robbed him. But no. It set
forth that she had touched him for $10.
Nothing could have been more expres
sive.
• * *
In a long article from William B.
Curtis I am taken to task for not know
ing anything about phrenology. With
the expressions of the gentleman I have
no fault to find. They are extremely
courteous and doubtless sincere. Never
theless I cling to the opinion that phre
nology is no more a science than prayer
is a remedy for cholera. I will confess
to basing" my belief largely on ob
servation and not ascribe it to de
pendence upon Fowler or any of
his school. Mr. Curtis ■ should bear
in mind that the remarks of last
week were devoted to the study and in
terpretation of bumps. If the modern
students of phrenology have given to it
a new meaning those remarks do not
npply. When I was a lad the phre
nologist was a nomadic person who felt
bumps for 50 cents and made a chart of
them for $1. That he was a fraud was
By HENRY JAMES.
apparent. Perhaps Mr. Curtis has ad
vanced beyond this and if so I con
gratulate him. His warning for me to
write less concerning topics of which
I know nothing shall be heeded, for if
I know nothing about phrenology as
suredly I care far less. But it strikes
an observer as strange that the pme
nologist who makes a business of guid
ing other people into the paths for which
mture has designed them should him
self usually be out at the elbows and
spend time in disguising with blacklnr
the sections of socks which project
themselves through his shoes. How
ever, that there is not room for the
communication of Mr. Curtis is a mat
ter of regret.
• « *
Sly attention is called to the use by
Mr. Bierce of bad grammar. This is a
matter which ought. to be called to the
attention of Bierce himself if to that
of anybody. He says he is an authority
and an opportunity to prove it would
doubtless be welcomed by him.
• • *
An inquiry as to whether the term
"good grammarian" is correct opens a
wide field for discussion. In my judg
ment the term is permissible. If to
style a man a grammarian is to imply
that his verdict is to be regarded as in
fallible, undoubtedly this Is too much
to be ascribed to any human being. As
well contend that there is no ground for
using the term "good historian." The
recorder of history may be guilty of
error, some of his data being not found
ed on fact, and yet he is an historian.
To be a grammarian is not to be per
fect, nor a final authority, any more
than to be an historian is to be be
yond the reach of doubt or subject to
correction. There are good historians
and bad, and there are good gram
marians and very bad.
• * *
The other night a street preacher at
tempted to talk at the corner of Market
and Fourth streets. I have noticed the
man often. He is ignorant, uncouth
and has not so much as the magnetism
of a clam. He is sincere". This is evi
dent in his impassioned harangue, his
wild gesticulation. It Is evident. through
the fact that there is nothing in preach
ing for him save the ease which may
visit his conscience. Once he took a
collection, resulting in 15 cents. An
observing loafer reproached him with
being on the street for gain. "My
friend," said the preacher, "come into
the nearest restaurant and I will gladly
spend 10 cents on you." So I cannot
believe that the acquisition of wealth
is the object of the itinerant. Never
theless the crowd on Market and
Fourth would not let him speak. It
swayed up* against him, trod upon the
hat he had placed on the pavement,
jeered, hooted, jostled. In fact it was
as ill-mannered a collection of hoodlums
as I ever saw. Where were the police?
They were at the next corner trying
to prevent Lucky Baldwin from com
mitting murder with the ruins of his
hotel. The preacher had to quit, and
as he left the place he was pursued by
a gang of ruffians, with too little sense
to know themselves offensive, and too
little character to have been concerned
anyhow. It was a shameful episode.
This is the close of the nineteenth cen
tury.
• • •
The latest tragedy hereabouts has
been the murder of a husband by his
young wife. There appears to have
sprung up an idea that a woman suf
fering from a sense of wrong has a
right to arm herself and slay the par
ticipant in her troubles. It is a falla
cious notion, and the time seems to be
here for correcting it. Mrs. Mantel has
stained her hands with blood. It may
not have beejn an excellent quality of
blood, but to shed it was no part of her
duty. She has created for herself a
shadow which will be over her while
life lasts and brought to her family a
needless sorrow. In the first place, a
girl having- a good home and parents
who love her, in consenting to marry
secretly a man of whose worth and
honor she has no assurance, of whose
inability to provide for her she must
be aware, who to do all this has to
sneak from the domestic shelter and as
sume an habitual disguise, pretending
to be that which she is not, has in her
a form of weakness which easily turns
to vice. Had this girl been misled into
an unhappy and .undesirable alliance
and, discovering the truth, told her
father and mother about it, they doubt
less would have shielded her to the ut
most, the law would have come to her
relief; there would have been no scan
dal, no open shame, no murder. The
bride who terminates her honeymoon
by a couple of bullets fired into the per
son of the groom may be never so
pretty, and weep with a touching copi
ousness, but she ought to be punished
just the same. If acquitted amidst the
plaudits of the throng she might try the
same game with No. 2 later, or some
other addle-pate observing that to be
a heroine one must engage in slaughter
may be prompted to employ the scheme.
When a wife has to arm herself before
seeking an interview with her husband
it is far better that she dispense with
the interview or use a long-distance
telephone. Or better yet, let her send
her message by her father.
• * •
James Meadors is on his way to the
military prison at Fort Leavenworth
to serve a term of ten years. For a
man who should be in the condemned
cell at San Quentin awaiting his turn
on the gallows Meadors certainly has
no reason to repine. He is the private
of the Eighth California who deliber
ately and with the utmost malice mur
dered a tent mate, the bloody crime not
having been his first of the kind. These
facts were known in advance of the
civil trial and fully brought out on that
august occasion, and yet the prisoner
Was acquitted on a plea of self-defense
unsustained by a single fact. Military
justice seems to be of a di^erent va
riety. It could not hang Meadors, but
it did the best in its power by finding
him guilty of conduct prejudicial to
discipline. The striking part of the
verdict is that it is a direct arraign
ment of the jury and of the laxness
which makes murder a safe occupation.
• • *
It seems to me there is mu£h non
sense, a large part of it irreverent,
talked about the part God has had in
the conquering of Spain. If the Supreme
Power is to be held as looking after the
petty details of life as we know them,
then must it be held responsible for
the evil as well as for the good. If God
desired the Philippines to pass from the
possession of Spain, being of limitless
power, he could have brought it about
without bloodshed and without prelim
inary centuries of oppression. As a
matter of fact human beings overesti
mate themselves. In the scheme of the
universe this globe is as important as
a drop of water, and ourselves as im
portant as the tiny organisms occupy
ing the crystal globule. It is sacrilege
to proclaim that God is directing mun
dane affairs as a general directs an
army, for if this were true such af-^
fairs would be run better. If there are, '
as the creeds -set forth contending
forces of good and evil, the latter must
have to do with the direr • 'on of events,
for the devil himself could not Gun*
trive injustice more radical nor brutal
ity more pronounced than^ls to be read
in the history of nations, religions *»*
individuals as has been recottt£u
since men began to keen records, and is
daily being added to the sorry tale ot
life. The fly struggling helplessly In
the clutch of a gummed sheet of paper
is no more helpless th. n the man strug
gling in the cl_tch of whatever circum
stance may environ him. The fly
buzzes; the man groans. Both die, and
one leaves as great a gap as the other.
It is folly, I think, to attempt to scru
tinize and analv the purpose of the
Infinite. That the Creator of the Uni
verse is competent to direct the mo
tions of the planets, to cause suns to
blaze for a space and then expire,
faith asks no question. That it is an
impertinence to ascribe to the Infinite
the petty motives which govern the
finite mind, to measure the immeasura
ble with the yard-stick of commerce, is
so palpable as to need no sustaining
argument. The vast scheme of which
we catch a vague and yet a wondrous
inkling is beyond comprehension. To
pretend to have solved it is an ab
surdity, to attempt to read and inter
pret the emotions of the Almighty is
nonsense or blasphemy. There is no
need to worry about anything or to as
cribe mortal greed to divine impulse.
A friend told me the other day that in
400 years there would be twenty people
to every square mile. Perhaps he said
square inch; I have no memory for flg-
I ures. "Don't let that trouble you," I
responded, with intent to cheer him.
"God made the world, and when it get 3
so full that people have to stand on
each other's feet perhaps he will send
it to smash and use the material for
another and a better one."
* • •
It is impossible not to feel a degree
of sympathy for Becker, the forger, al
though this does not go to the extent
of wishing him less than a life sen
tence. Becker was one of a gang, each
as guilty as himself, and one by one
these precious rascals have deserted
him in the hope of saving their own
worthless hides. I would give each '
one of them a life sentence, too. This
thing of turning loose a lot of scoun
drels now firmly in the grasp of the
law does not conform to any lofty con
ception of justice, and on the pur
chased testimony of such scum I would
not convict a yellow dog of stealing a
bone.
• * •
It is a stranpe commentary upon the
morals of the metropolis that since the
gambling rooms of "Honest" John Kel
ly have been raided attempts are be
ing made to explain why it was done.
Some ascribe it to a sense of displeas
ure anent Kelly's decision in the Cor
bett and Sharkey peace pow-wow, oth
ers to politics. The r' pie fact that
Kelly has defied the law and that the
men hired to enforce the law may have i
considered themselves in the perform
ance of a duty does not seem to hay«
occurred to a single New York intelli
gence. _____________
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DAY IN 1873-J. G. S.. City. The 6th
of October, 1873, fell on a Monday.
A CURE— J. P. W., City. The matter
should he laid before a specialist. Adver
tisements of such can be found in the San
Francisco Call.
GLORY QUAYLE— L. E. L., City. The
surname of the heroine in Hall Caine's
novel, "The Christian." la pronounced as
if written "quail.^_
THE WOMAN'S RAILROAD— D. J. H.,
"Wheatland, Cal. At latest accounts the
project known as the woman's railroad
was still in litigation.
THE BOATHOUSE— A. S., City. If you
have any complaint against the manage
ment of the boathouse in the park you
should lodge your complaint with the
Board of Park Commissioners.
TRICYCLES— H., Sebastopol, Cal. Tri
cycles are not used by mail carriers in
San Francisco. Such vehicles can be used
only to advantage in places where the
streets are without heavy grades.
THE O'CONNELL MONUMENT— Erin r
City. The foundation of the monument to
Daniel O'Connell was laid in the city of
Dublin, Ireland, August 8, 1864, and tha
statue was unveiled August 15, 1882.
A CONFEDERATE GREENBACK —
Scottish-American, City. A Confederate
greenback of 1864 has no monetary value.
As a curiosity it is worth just what any
one desiring to be possessed of it would
be willing to pay for it.
THAT LIGHT— H. G. H., Pacific Grove,
Cal. This department has not any other,
information about the particular light
asked about than what appeared in the -
San Francisco Call so*ie time ago. The
light has not been placed on the San
Francisco market;
"ALL BETS OFF"— Subscriber, Colusa,
Cal. It makes no difference how "raw
the decision of a referee" may be if he
declares "all bets oft" it carries with It k
every kind of bet on the event, unless the ■•
parties at the time of the bet should
agree that the bet should hold irrespect
ive of the decision of the referee.
STICKY FLYPAPER— E. G. S., Liver
more, Cal. One way to make sticky fly
paper is to melt some rosin and add
thereto, whiie soft, sufficient sweet oil,
lard or lamp oil to make it, when cold,
of the consistency of honey. It is spread
on writing paper and placed in a con
venient place where it will quickly at
tract flies and ants.
THE FIRST S'iEAMBOAT— C. H. F.,
Jackson, Amador County, Cal. So far as
this department has been able to discover,
the first steamer tnat eros- d the Atlan
tic was the Savannah, which made a voy
age from Savannah. Ga., where she was
built, to Liverpool in *019, the time being
twenty-two days. It sailed under the
American flag.
ENLISTMENT— F. V. City. A volun
teer who enlisted for two' years or the
war with Spain must remain in the ser
vice beyond the two years should the war
with that country not be terminated
within that period of enlistment. If the
war terminates before the expiration o£
the two years the enlisted man can at any
time that peace is declared demand to be*
mustered out.^
LEGAL TENDER— Taxpayer, City.
One;cent pieces are a legal tender in any
amount not exceeding 25 cents. If you
have presented to you a tax. bill for elev
en | cents and you tender in payment a 10
cent piece and a copper cent the Tax Col*
lector is bound •to .receive the tender,' and •
he has no right : to compel . you to pay 15 ,
cents. ilf you should tender him. 15 cents
ho would be bound. to return you 4 cents.
• • ■- — — "' :,.„. ••;••••' • \1
A nice present to send your friends.
Townsend's California glace fruits, 1 50c n>,
in Japanese baskets. 627 Market street. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1048. •
Teast— There's a lady pianist at the mu
seum who plays with her toes.
Crimaonbeak— Uraph! That's nothing;
my baby does that !— Tonkera Statesman.ADVERTISEMENTS.
MATRIMONY AND
THE STICKS.
A Romantic Drama of
Real Life.
Dramatis Personw
MR. FEWCHER POPINLAW
MR. AD- VISES STRAIGHT
gTRAIGHT: What is the trouble, old
Tout fade is as long as the moral law!
MR. P'TIN'LAW: Well, I'm all worked up.
:ay niece Nellie is going to be mar-
• r-r.l.'a'nd— —.;■■' ' '- ". .' '••-.■ ;-'■-..
M i. ;IIT: That's cause for gladness^not
forsWo^ss. I km.w the young man will make
her a. good. husband; he Is as nice as any parent
I son-in-law.
;kLA\V: Tut-tut; it isn't that. The muss
I 'arii- in- is. that I nave. prcini»ed to furnish
;thei.r. heme.. I want to do it in style, and I
.f.aY.en't mpn'ey to throw away; .
■STRAIGHT-; 1 see: You've been round to the
farniture. stores and got- scared. .
'■: /POPINLAW: You've hit it. I'm all mixed
.Up- sand ' Tattled," as they call it, and more
u'nde.cided than ever. . . ..
• :OHt: Where did you go?
I'OI'I.SLIVW:. I was advised to go to the
l.ißh Pri<e FSirnltu're Company as the only re-
liable htaise' in the. city. . .
STRAIGHT: What did you find there?
POPINLAW^ Plenty . of furniture, and a
mighty slici. salesman to sell.it, but before he
::;e tv snap an order In his book I made
Up my mind to look the market over.
STRAIGHT-: And you did so?
POPINLAW: Just tnnted right down to the
Cheap John Furniture Company.
STRAIGHT: And did you really find the
prices much cheaper?
POPINLAW: Not at all! The only cheap
things were the appearance of the place and
k of the salesman about the things being
• given away. But he couldn't draw that
my eyes.
UGHT: Where did you go next?
LAW: I thought I'd try the Pay-as-
■«f -Please concern, and try I did, but. like
tT man in the song who went to the Bowery.
■ j II never go there any more."
MUHT: 1 beard they give big discounts.
POPINLOW: So they do; but they have pre»
tor it. ■ ■■ • .
MUHT: Pric- higher than anywhere?
POPINLAW: Six stories and a chimney
ci ick higher- •
AIGHT: You are a joker. Going any-
• !se? , .
NLAW: Of course. I have promised my
the sticks. ■■
STRAIGHT: Where are you going?
POPINLArW: I was thinking of going to the
rsa] Panklibanon Company. But I won't.
i c,' at least not for furniture
and carpets. If the stuff shown in the window
of the goods they carry, I don't
want any of It. Advise me what to do.
STRAIGHT: Go to Pattosien's.
pi 'PIN LAW: Go to where?
STRAIGHT: Go to Pattosien's.
P' tpiNLAW: Spell it. ■ ■
L STRAIGHT: P-A-T-T-O-S-I-E-N.
I POPINLAW>' That's not a commonplace,
very-day name. I should, expect something
ut of the ordinar- fFom him. in spite of
• a question: "What's in a name?'
. v are right In your expecta-
V v will find him and his busmesa
,y up above the commonplace aver-
;vi..*W. Where's his place?
. It's that great two-acre store
■:teenth 'and Mission.-
SLAW: WhaO Away out in the Mis-
I Q'.t say so.
ii;.HT. But I do say so!
POPINLAW: Now. Straight, to be frank. I
have heard of the place severa] times and seen
sements. Do you really advise me
it ;!:ere to buy the -furniture and carpets
. ■? Do they really carry a stock
enough and bt e so -that I can make my
there? What kind of a store is it?
LAIGHT: Hold on: Wait a moment!
i*k so noany questions all at once. You
1 was for years in the house-furnishing
L .-iiness myself and I know what I am talking
t The Pattoslen Company carries one of
l.anest and best selected stocks of
2urnlture. carpets and curtains In the city, in
the county, or In the State, or west of the
Kocky mountain?. They have bedroom suites
In oak, mahogany or walnut up to $200, and I
want to
POPINLAW: That's more than I want to
pay-
STRAIGHT: Don't interrupt so! and bed-
room suites down to $20 and. Indeed, $15, and
.id substantial at that! Parlor sets of
their own make from $25 up to — well as high
want to go.
'NLAW: Their own make, did I hear
■
LAIGHT: That's what I said— their own
: 1 lining-room furniture galore! All the
■ goods, for you know the store is only a I
year old, and they c^n't pass any old "sttck-
ff on you for a simple reason— they
• Kit any.
[NLAW: How Is the store for carpets?
UGHT: Why. the. title of the firm is the
■ any.. Everybody knows
•,: acre floor in the two-acre store
snow room for carpets and
linoleums but they also take a great pride In
their curtain* and portieres.
I'oPiNLAW: But can I .get kitchen utensils
••
iAJGHT: .Well! I should smile! They
for the New Eastern Range, the
a see and you buy and you want
:r meals cooked on it. Costs %2i and is I
f-o.urU.to any $33 stove in the market. Pattoslen
Ing in the -house rurnishing line of
mid best goods ■in the market at
ent below downtown prices and
■Pi rP.INLAW: Stop a mome«! You are -get-
.:! n.icd- up. Tell me,' ls it a reliable con-
Arc- they doing good work?
AIGHT:. Great Scott-! do you think that
in can dtt- a quarter of a million dollars
first year and not do right with
•!yV I say no.'
[NLAW: Put they do- a good deal of ad-
. you know rhat.
-. hl'lll: Yes, Indeed, but 'you never see
r.. advertisements any of the "forced
t.ii»,:: "closing out" or "bankrupt stock" hum-
•'l'UK/': They simply state what they can do and i
Advertising is ri-.e the powder that I
' the shot, but It is the man behind the
»r i t-hat wins the battle. A hollow shell fired
powder. Do you catch the point?
POPINLAW: I do— that'sa good one.
STRAIGHT: I- tell you .that if any article
ooif in what a Chinaman
wuuld call "numpa one first chop, top-side"
it is becau.-e Mr. Patfoslen does not
It, and if he could call it back he would,
even If it was a. hundred miles away— or five
I milf-K away — or a thousand'
POPINLAW; All right, .old boy, I will go
and buy the whole outfit right there, but here's
a rx>lM. You know I am going to make the
y.»ung f.'lks a present of all the stuff, and sup-
■■!•.. t something they don't want'
BTRAIBHT: In the first f.lace Pattoslen can
advtM you. He baa 'furnished more nests for
newly mated turtledoves than you could count
In a leap year, and he knows, at once what is
.
POPINLAW: That's -food, but suppose Mr.
y to see me personally*
STRAIGHT: Mr. Pattos=ien finds time and
energy to see every one of his hundreds of cus-
tomers, toesldfs being the. head of -every de-
partment in the great tw.o-acre store. He is
:;i i!ig all his numerous salesmen
POPINLAW: Hut y uppose ■ I should buy
Ing not wanted?
STRAIGHT: ' Ne : yer mind that. Anything
.;. In that bouse you can exchange If It
suit. ;ind if you overbuy .yourself go
to the manager and they take back the article
and you. get your money back.
POPINLAW: That's the kind of a house to
. ,th. . How do I Ri't there?
STRAIGHT: Any car line in the city will take
r with transfers. There's the
Mission Hne 'iire<t and the Fillmor#-stre<>t line
from thp Western Addition, ami the Kentucky-
: ruin the Potrero, and' the Guerrero-
ine from San Mateo County. Ask any
or to put you down at Pattosien's great
• store.
POPINLAW-: All right. I'll be out in the
•.. my boy. bright .and early Monday
ng, How shall I recognize the store
g others?
STRAIGHT: What a question? How do you
. ;ish the City Hall -from a woodshed?
. nn with you, you'll see a great two-
,. with OLD GLORY floating at all
n corners.
I'OPINLAW: That's good. Hur-rah-rah-rnh-
r. for Puttoslen arrd hip-hlp-hip hur-rah-rah-
OLD GLORY. I'll buy In the Mission
• II you all about it next Sunday.
STRAIGHT And then I'll tell you a most
ting account of how carpets are made.
Don't forget the corner of Mis-
sion and 16th sts.— and hurrah
for Pattosien's and OLD GLORY.
FIRE IN THE SHENANDOAH'S FOREHOLD.
THE big ship arrived from Baltimore last Wednesday and the next, day ducked at Mission-street wharf.
She brought, in a cargo of 4650 tons of coal and when the hatches were removed smoke began to come
up from the cargo in the forehold. The State fireboat, Governor Irwin, was summoned and put her
hose aboard, but nr water was pumped. She remained by the Shenandoah all last night in case of an emer
gency. During the eve ing the smoke made its way through the hawsepipe as well as the forehatch, but
Captain Starckey thinks there is no danger and that the fire will be put out in a day or so.
FIRE ON THE
AMERICAN SHIP
SHENANDOAH
Cargo in the Forward
Hold Heated.
SOME SMOKE BUT NO FLAMES
FAMOUS OLD BAKK MELROSE TO
BE A CDAL HULK.
Narrow Escape From Total Wreck of
the British juark La Escocesa
and Death of Captain
Evans.
The American ship Shenandoah, lying
at Mission street w..arf, is on fire. Smoke
was discovered coming from the fore
hatch at an early hour y 'erda- morn
ing, and the State fire tug Governor Ir
win was at once summoned. The fire
Seemed to be only a small a-air, how
ever, so no water was pumped into the
hold. An examination showed that the
fire was not of any great extent and
see:ned from the smoke to be from burn
ing wood instead of coal. In consequence
the fireboat was sent back to her berth,
but Captain Brown, superintendent of the
State tugs and dredgers, vint-« the big
ship every' two or three hours to see
whether the fire was gaining or not.
The Shenandoah arrived here on No
vember 30 from Baltimore with 4650 tons
of coal. She made a quick passage and
experienced some very heavy weather,
but at no time during the voyage did the
coal show signs of heatine. She was
docked at Mission street wharf last
Thursday, and when the hatches were
taken off yesterday morning the smoke
began to filter up around the foremast.
Two engines were at once put to work,
and all day the work of discharging the
cargo was kept up. Last ni^ht an extra
crlw was put aboard the fireboat Gover
nor Irwin. and she lay alongside the
Shenandoah all night in order to be ready
in a case of emergency. It will probably
be several days before the seat of dan
ger is reached and the fire put out.
A dispatch from Philadelphia states
that the British bark La Escocesa had
been towed In there by the British steam
er Marstonnioor in an almost dismantled
condition. She was on her way from
Iquique for New York with a cargo of
nitrate of soda, valued at $65,000, and on
November 2U was caught in a terrific
storm that almost sank her. The pumps
were -smashed, the decks were swept,
boats ah carried away and the fore and
mizzen masts went by the board, leaving
the mainmast so rickety that little or no
sail could be carried on it.
The La Escocesa and D. Evans, her late
master, were well known in San Fran
cisco. She arrived here on February '.',
last from Pisagua with a cargo of
nitrates for Balfour, Guthrie & Co., and
sailed again for Callao on March 14. From
Callao she went to Iquique. sailing from
there on July 29 for New York. She is a
small bark of M 6 tons net burden. 202 feet
long 34 2 feet broad and 'l\:.'> feet deep. She
was' built in 1868 by Gourlay Bros, of
Dundee, and waa so well put together and
of such splendid material that in June,
IW»6 she was examined in Liverpool and
classed A Al by Lloyds' surveyors.
The La Escocesa is owned by Balfour,
Williamson & Co. of London, of which
Balfour Guthrie & Co. is the California
branch. The La Escocesa and her cap
tain were old servants of the concern,
and it was strange that both came to
grief together. Captain D. Evans was
over three score and ten, and had been
in the bark from the day she waa
launched. He was hale and hearty when
here in San Francisco, and used to say
that he would outlast plenty of the mas
ters who were then in port with him.
After leaving Iquique he was taken sick,
however, and on September 22 he died of
brain fever and was buried at sea. A
month later the bark nearly went down
with all hands.
" The nld bark Melrose is to sail the seas
no more. After sailing in and out of
almost every port on earth during the
last thirty-five years she is to end her
days in San Francisco Bay as a coal
hulk. Yesterday a gang of men was en
gaged in removing her running rigging
and lowering her topmasts and yards,
and in a day or so she will be razed into
a regulation hulk. The Melrose was
built in 1863 by J. Taylor of East Boston
and waa in her day a clipper. She came
to this coast many years ago, and is the
lajst of Packscher's line of vessels. Hard
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
luck made him lose his vessels one by
one until all that was left was the Henry
Buck and the Melrose. The Buck later
became unserviceable and was con
demned. She is now a coal hulk on Pu
get Sound. The J. Schoenfeld had to take
the Melrose for a debt, and Packscher
went out and Schoenfeld went into the
shipping business. O.f late the Melrose
carried lumber to the British Columbia
mines, but she grew too old for even that
business and was condemned.
The State Board of Trade moved into
the new ferry depot yesterday. They
have splendid quarters, and intend mak
ing an exhibition of California products
that will be a credit to the State.
The Italian ship Stefano Razeto arrived
from Liverpool yesterday after a lengthy
passage of 161 days. Captain Schiappa
cassa cannot speak English, neither can
any of his crew, so it was impossible to
get any facts about the voyage. The Ra
zeto was formerly the English ship Brlt
»ish Yeoman, but was sold to an Italian
firm a year ago.
The gasoline schooner Barbara Hern
! ster and her crew have been having a
hard time of it. She left here on No
! vember 21 for Bandon, Or., and only ar
| rived there yesterday. The voyage is
generally made in three days or less, so
i for nine days they had to lie outside the
harbor waiting for a chance to get over
the bar.
A. E. Pryor of the firm of Piper, Aden,
Goodall & Co., Camain Matthew Turner
and George Spear, the appraisers ap
pointed by the United States District
Court to place a value upon the steamer
J. D. Peters, have fixed the amount at
$6000. The Peters was sunk in a collision
with the Czarina, and the liability of her
owners for damages cannot exceed the
above sum.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
D. W. Knox, U. S. N., is at the Occi
dental.
Dr. R. Felt of Eureka is a guest at the
Grand.
Dr. R. E. Pierce of San Jose is at the
Palace.
W. B. Wheerer of Chicago is a guest at
the Palace.
Mrs. Henry Harrison of Virginia is at
the Palace.
Attorney James Feeley of Red Bluff is
at the Lick.
John F. Lee of St. Louis is staying at
the Palace.
H. W. Harris of Portland is registered
at the Palace.
Judge W. H. Carlin of Marysville is reg
istered at the Lick.
Captain W. Whitney of Eureka is a
guest at the Grand.
Attorney C. M. Wheeler of Eureka is a
guest at the Occidental.
H. P. Stabler, a fruit grower of Fresno,
is registered at the Lick.
W. M. Breckenridge, a railroad man
from Tucson, is staying at the Grand.
B. M. Maddox, a well known politician
of Visalia, is a guest at the California-
Mrs. William Maitland of San Jose and
Miss Helen Maitland are at the Califor
nia.
William Lacy, a prominent lumber mer
chant of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Lick.
Ex-State Democratic Chairman W. H.
Alford of Visalia is registered at the Cal
ifornia.
H. W. Bragg, a prosperous cattle and
lumber man of Sacramento, is a guest at
the Russ.
B. Kickmott of San Anselmo, a large
canner of vegetables, is staying at the
California.
William Fowler and George R. Moore,
both prominent piiners of Red Bluff, are
at the Russ.
J. B. Mansfield and wife of Portland
are at the Occidental. Mr. Mansfield is a
prominent railroad man.
M. Eichengreen of Chicago, Ludwig
Stein of New York, F. M. Kraus of St.
Louis and George W. Maynard of New
York, all well known traveling men, are
at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— W. C. Price of
San Franciscd is at the Holland. R. J.
Irving of San Francisco is at the Ven
dome. W. S. Jordan of San Jose is at
the Hoffman. J. W. Stanford of San
Francisco is at the Netherland.
From "Chicago, New York, Boston, we
deliver to all points Cresta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co., 410 Pol. St., S. tf. *
Harvest Thanksgiving Service.
The harvest Thankag-H'ing service takes
place at Grace Episcopal Church this
evening, and will be of special interest.
The new Australian tenor, Jules Simon
son, who is brother to the prlma donna,
Frances Saville, now singing with the
Grau Opera Company in New York, will
be heard for the first time in the solo,
"Prayer," by Stradella. S. Homer Henley
will render the recitative aria, from SuUi
van's oratorio, "Prodigal Son." "Bring !
Forth the Best Robe." The full choir will |
sing three festival anthems, and two new ;
numbers will be given for the first time —
one a quintet and the other a barytone \
solo with humming accompaniment.
During the offertory an organ solo will
be played, designed to bring out the ef- I
fective solo stops for which Grace Church
organ is celebrated.
OFFICERS FOR
THE NEXT TERM
Choice by Members of Fra
ternities.
The following named have been elected to
serve as officers for El Dorado Parlor, N. b. G.
W., for" the ensuing term: F. A. Smith, P. P.;
D. D. Lowney, P.; P. Maussang and AY. J.
Guinnane, vice presidents; J. J. Crow
ley, M. ; John J. Joly, R. S. ; E. N. P. Phelan,
F. S. ; J. J. Greeley, trustee; Drs. W. J. Haw
kins and E. J. Frlsbie, surgeons; Louis E.
Falk, Dr. Browing and J. C. Martin, library
and reading room directors. This parlor will
give its anniversary ball in February.
The following named are the officers selected
by Court Washington, Foresters of America,
for the next term: W. J. Phelan, C. R. ; T.
Dethleftsen, S. C. R. ; A. Figel, T. ; I. D.
Levy, F. S. ; M. L. Lasky, R. S. ; O. B. GUlen
baum, S. W. ; A. Loeb, J. W. ; J. Beachman,
S. B. ; G. Young. J. B. ; Max Moses, trustee.
Court Golden Era of the Foresters of Amer
ica has selected the following ac Its officers
for the ensuing term: P. Mahlstedt, C. R. ;
Charles Asch, S. C. R. ; L. L. Key. T. ; M.
Levy, F. S. ; E. A. Smith, R. S. ; J. D. Lyons,
& W. ; H. Angells, J. W. ; H. Michaels. B. B. ;
J. Wolff, J. B. ; T. F. Norman, trustee; William
Edwards, physician.
Lincoln Post No. 1 of the G. A. R. has elected
the following named as officers for the ensu
ing term: George H. Robinson, C. ; S. W. Car
penter, S. V. C. ; J. C. lnnes, J V. C. ; J. C.
Bolles, Q. M.; J. G. Crawford, M.D., surgeon;
M. Murphy, chaplain; George T. Johnson, O.
of D. ; W. E. Estes, O. of G. ; S. W. Carpenter.
F. S. Bowley, Harry Brown, A. B. Cole. J. A.
Whiteside, J. H. Danfleld, George Johnson, U.
McKee, J. H. Garrett, W. E. Estes, J. O.
Hatch, J. G. Crawford, M. S. Blackburn and
D. I. Harlow, representatives to the thirty
second annual encampment.
Apollo Lodge, I. L. O. F., has chosen the fol
lowing named to serve as its officers for the
ensuing term: J. J. Applegate, N. G.; Dr. D.
A. Hodghead. V. G. ; Holland Smith, R. S. ;
V. C. Post. F. S. ; Harry E. Snook, T. ; W. C.
Johnson. P. G. ; Dr. H. L. Curtis, »P. G. and
Jacob Glassman, P. G., trustees; J. W. Perry.
P. G., representative to the Hall Association.
This lodge will give a literary and musical
entertainment next Friday evening.
California Lodge, F. and A. M.. has elected
G. K. White, W. M.; H. P. Umbsen, S. W. ;
Walter A. Scott, J. W. ; H. F. Muller, T. ; F.
H. Day, S., and Charles L. Patton trustee for
the ensuing term.
For Holiday Wines: Burgundy. Gutedel, old
Porta and Sherries, select qualities. Sampling
free. Delicious 5c wines. Mohns & Kalten
bach, 2S Market.
BACON PLACE IMBROGLIO.
Judge Conlan Declares He Will Not
Issue Any More Warrants.
Judge Conlan intimated from the bench
yesterday morning that he would not is
sue any more warrants for the arrest of
the women in Bacon place.
When the cases of those arrested Fri
day night were called neither Secretary
Kane nor his attorney was present. At
torney Ach, for the defendants, asked
the Judge not to issue any more warrants
until the present cases, over 100 in num
ber, were disposed of. He said he meant
no disrespect to the court, but unless no
more warrants were issued he would ap
ply to the Superior Court for a writ of
prohibition.
The Judge said he had not been get
ting the support from the prosecution to
which he was entitled, and he was get
ting sick of it.
"Kane came into court yesterday," he
said, "and wanted to know why the de
fendants were not present. 1 told him
to consult his attorney and he would find
out that it had been agreed that the de
fendants need not appear in court to be
arraigned. Kane objected to the meth
ods of his attorney, remarking that he <nd
not know how to prosecute the cases."
The Judge informed Attorney Ach that
he did not propose to be dragged into the
Superior Court, and asked him to delay
the issuance of the writ of prohibition
until to-morrow, as he intended to take
advice in the matter. Meantime he would
not sign any more warrants.
My clothes to order appeals with special
force to men of exacting taste. Joseph
Figel, merchant tailor, second floor Flood
building, entrance room 3. •
This Week ? s Academic.
This week's issue of The Academic, a
bright paper published in the interests of
the Polytechnic and other San Francisco
High Schools, is unusually interesting.
Many clever contributions by High School
pupils and columns of interesting reading
matter and comment by the editor com
plete an entertaining journal.
New Mining Company.
The "Uncle Sam Mining Company" in
corporated yesterday with a capital stock
of $100,000. The directors are B. L. Davis,
Ogden Hoffman, C. P. Grimwood, J. W.
Richards. F. H. Gould, William Mooser
and G. G. Fraser.
Advances made on furniture an<i pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, XOl7-1023 Mlulon.
INSTALLED NEW
QUEENS OF THE
EASTERN STAR
Beautiful, Impressive
Ceremony.
SOLEMN OBLIGATIONS TAKEN
UNUSUAL SCENE IN MASONIC
TEMPLE.
For the First Time a Chapter of the
Great Order Is Allowed to Ob
ligate Its Officials
There.
The ever beautiful and impressive cere
mony of installation of officers of the
Eastern Star, the adjunct of Masonry, is
so fascinating that it always attracts a
great many of vie membership whenever
it is performed, and a large number of
strangers to me order when the installa
tion is a public one.
There was no exception to the general
rule last Thursday night, when the officers
who will serve for the current term tor
Golden Gate Chapter were installed in the
hall of Golden Gate Commandery by Mar
tin August C. Christesen, the retiring wor
thy patron. The hall was tastefully dec
orated, and prominent as tne star in the
east blazing over the worthy matron's
station was the American flag. The cere
mony was a very acceptable one, and in
the work the installing officer was assist
ed by Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Pendleton, act
ing as grand marshal. The new officers
are: Mrs. Ada R. Duncan, worthy matron;
Ernest K. Head, worthy patron; Miss
Maggie Ella Bradley, associate matron;
Mrs. Mary Anna Hawley, secretary; Mrs.
Ellen Condon, Mrs. Maud W.
Terwillinger, conductress; Miss Minnie
Jellinek, associate conductress, who were
elected; and Miss Louise McElroy, mar
shal; Mrs. Harriet Augusta Hobe, chap
lain; Miss Frances Perkins Tower, ward
er; Mrs. Mary Hammond Lewis, sentinel;
Miss Louise B. Stevenson, organist; Miss
Ada Linne, Adah; Mrs. Kate Burnham,
Ruth; Miss Ada Emily Goddard, Esther;
Miss Cora Harrison, Martha; and Mrs.
Lizzie Carleton Gray, Electa. The music
was rendered by the Temple quartet, con
sisting of C. T. Wendell, first tenor; R.
W. Smith, second tenor; A. A. Batkin,
first bass, and E. G. Macßain, second
bass. The solos were "Lean on Him,"
second tenor; "Father Supreme," first
tenor; "Master Supreme," second bass,
and "Jesus, Lover of My Soul," lirst
tenor. There were also several exquisitely
rendered quartet selections, the last being
"Gloria. "» Among those who crowded the
hall— many being obliged to stand in the
anterooms, the wide doors of which were
open and gave such an opportunity to get
a view of what was transpiring— there
were Past Most Worthy Grand Matron
Mrs. Mary E. Partridge, Grand Matron
Mrs. W. F. Pierce, Past Grand Matron
Mrs. Mary A. Flint, Mrs. Ada Dalton
Hewes, matron of Oak Leaf Chapter; iurs.
Susana Dow, matron of Ivy Chapter; Mrs.
Annie M. Johnson, matron-elect of Har
mony Chapter; Mrs. Lydia A. Steele, ma
tron-elect of Ivy Chapter, and Miss Nellie
A. Brown, matron of Beulah Chapter, be
sides many who are prominent in the
order, not to omit William S. Moses, the
father, of the order, who founded Golden
Gate Chapter more than thirty years ago.
After the ceremony there were a number
of short addresses by grand officers and
others, and one was by the worthy asso
ciate grand patron, George L. Darling,
who, on behalf of the chapter, thanked
Miss Susan M. Willats, the retiring ma
tron, for the efficiency with which she
had conducted the affairs of the eha n 'rr
during the year, and then, on behalf of
the members, presented her with the jewel
of a past matron. It is much smaller than
those usually given, but is one of i.ie most
exquisite arrangements of diamonds on a
star that has ever been presented in the
chapter.
On Friday night there was an unusual
scene in King Solomon's Hall in the Ma
sonic Temple at Post and Montgomery
streets. That was the installation of the
officers of a chapter of the Eastern Star
in a Masonic lodgeroom. It was the first
time that such a ceremony has been per
mitted in the halls of the temple, and
never but once before has there been a
meeting of Eastern Star members in that
temple, and that was when Robert Mor
ris, the founder of the order, was in this
city many years ago, when as a special
favor to him he was given the use of
one of the lodgerooms in which the mem
bers could assemble. Duriag the evening
John H. Gray, past worthy grand pat
ron, in speaking of the rise of the order,
said that it was not many years ago in
the State of New York that the doors
of every Masonic lodgeroom were closed
against the membership of the East
ern Star, but now that it has become un
derstood that the Eastern Star is the
natural ally of the Masonic fraternity in
its great work of charity. New York "has
given the order the privilege of renting
any Masonic lodgeroom in the jurisdic
tion in which to hold meetings, and that
the example set by the Empire State has
been followed by many jurisdictions, Cal
ifornia being one of them, particularly
San Francisco.
The hall was decorated as it never was
decorated before. On the walls were fes
toons of soft material in the five colors
of the order — blue, yellow, white, green
and red— fastened at the looping points
with five-pointed stars of gold. The
grand pillars in the west were decorated
with garlands of choice flowers, and the
several stations were each a bank of ever
greens and blossoms. A remarkable and
pleasing feature of the installation was
that all the ladies installed as officers
were, with the exception of the conduc
tress, attired in white, the exception be
ing pink. Mrs" Lizzie D. Wetjen, the re
tiring matron, was the installing officer,
and she was assisted by Mrs. Sallie
Houghton Mulberry, past matron, as
grand marshal. The work was done in
a perfect manner and there was not a
mistake in the memorized work or the
movements in the floor work, and in com
plimentary speeches made by the asso
ciate grand patron, George L. Darling,
who is a member of Golden Gate, and
John Hatfield Gray, past grand patron
and member of Ivy Chapter, each said
that it was the most beautiful installa
tion that ever had been witnessed in
San Francisco. This opinion was con
curred in by the six hundred persons
who witnessed it.
The new officers are: Mrs. Annie M.
Johnson, worthy matron; W. J. Savage
worthy patron; Mrs. Emma Carter, asso
ciate matron; Miss Eva May Hare, secre
tary; Mrs. Isadora Horton, treasurer;
Mrs. Nona L. Sanborn, conductress, and
Mrs. Frederica Junker, associate con
ductress. These are the elected officers.
The appointed ones are: Robert N. Car
son, chaplain: Mrs. Lizzie D. Wetjen
marshal; Miss Emma Hare, organ
ist; Miss Cordie Wetjen. Adah; Mrs.
Henrietta McLatran, Ruth; Miss Lil
lian May Kimball. Esther: Miss Lil
lian Brownson, Martha, and Mrs. Car
rie Lucas, Electa. After all the other of
ficers except the marshal were installed
Mrs. Wetjen, the installing officer, sur
rendered to the incoming matron, who
then installed her as marshal. There were
addresses of an interesting character by
the associate grand patron. Past Most
"Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Partridge,
Past Grand Patron Gray, Grand Secre
tary Mrs. Kate J. Willats, the worthy
patron. W. J. Savage, and M. Burnham
of the board of temple directors, who al
lowed the use of the lodgeroom for the
occasion. Mrs. Wetjen. the retiring ma
tron, was, by Ellas C Hare, on behalf of
the membership of Harmony Chapter,
presented a very elegant jewel, a diamond
mounted star pendant from a pair of gold
wings, held together by a solitaire. In
returning thanks Mrs. Wetjen said that
the success of the chapter is due to the
fact that it carries out the sublime virtue
in fraternal life, indicated by the name of
the chapter, Harmony.
The music incidental to the ceremony
of installation was artistically rendered
by the quartet consisting of Mrs. George
L. Darling, soprano; Miss x».oberts, "alto;
Dr. K. W. Smith, tenor; E. G. Mcßaln,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
doWgetup
withjjime back?
Do You Have Rheumatism or Neuralgia ?
Are You Sleepless, Nervous, Irritable ?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable.
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy for Kjdney,
Bladder and Uric Acid Troubles.— To Prove
Its Wonderful Merits, You May Have a Sam-
ple Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
"Well people have healthy kidneys.
You are in no danger of being sick if
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your blood, keep it pure
and free from disease-breeding germs.
Your other organs may need care, but
your kidneys most, because they do
most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid-
neys, because as soon as they are well
they will help all the other organs to
health.
The treatment of some diseases may
be delayed without danger, not so with
kidney disease.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
I Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
bladder specialist, and is a genuine
specific with wonderful healing action
on the kidineys.
It will be found by both men and
women just what is needed in all cases
of kidney and bladder disorders, lame
back, dull pain or ache in the back,
gravel, catarrh of the bladder, rheuma-
tism, sciatica, neuralgia, uric iw*M
bass; Mrs. Woolsey, soprano, and
Miss Lazarus, alto. The solos were:
"The Holy City," Mrs. Woolsey; "Noel,"
Mrs. George L. Darling; 'I Love to Hear
IV — Savior's Voice," -'r. R. W. Smith;
"Bright World," Miss X. Roberts; "Miz
pah," E. G. Mcßain, and "Calvary," Miss
Lazarus. Alfred A. Batkin was the or-
The officers of Ivy Chapter No. 27 will
be publicly installed in the hall of the
chapter in the Golden Gate Asylum on
the evening of the 13th inst.
BRUTALITY AND EXTORTION.
Shocking Treatment of a Fine Dog by-
Deputy Poundmen.
Dr. Creeley, the veterinary surgeon, re
ports a most shocking case of cruelty to
animals on the part of a couple of the
Poundmaster's deputies. Last Wednes
day two of the deputies on horseback were
riding along I street and noticed a valu
able dog, belonging to C. H. Cashman, a
letter carrier living at 1516 of that street.
Without reason or provocation the fellows
lassoed the animal and started on a run
with it, dragging it along the ground. The
deputies seemed to enjoy the "sport" of
making the poor beast suffer and its
howls of pain increased rather than di
minished the brutality. Mrs. Cashman
ran into the street and begged the men
not to abuse the dog, which is a great
favorite with the family, but they only
laughed at her entreaties.
When they did stop dragging it about it
was clearly seen that their inhuman treat
ment had broken one of the poor brute's
legs. Mrs. Cashman begged them to re
lease the pet, but they said that it was a
captured animal and as good as being in
the pound. Then she asked them to re
lease it and she would pay them for so
doing. They said that they would do so
upon the payment of $2 50. The distressed
lady told them that she did not have that
amount of money in the house. By this
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' . ,
•f.-f.-f-f -f -f ♦ ♦ > -f V frt> -f ♦ -f -♦•--♦- + + + + -f >> -f -f +> -f "f -f -f +
j Weak Men, Young or Old, j
+ \^ !^^^ m '^'*^^-. If you would regain your lost
+ y^r~^ power and again ; become strong
yy* and ' vigorous, . there 'is but ; one j
"T" • /// «vv thing for you to do, and that Is "^
■ t a- i i . /<V' ( •*<^'4 t0 supply i nature's own remedy, -^
■~; **■ C^i "ELECTRICITY," to the weak- . .
-^- \l if *-$$<«» ened parts of your body. "T 1
■*• ' I//, ' *^^M For . this purpose the most per- ±.
"^ illlt 'A > « v"^^^^ feet and powerful appliance now
4- ■ ['/'/'/;/> '-'K^tm', lYjfc . Vj . ' to-be had In an nart of the -♦■
. WUli j 'iii^^^'&*'*MSiaß*ff\\ world is DR. PIERCES EL.EC- .a,
+ ' /V/V i'^llT^'- \s!s^^!uVv TRIC BELT. This celebrated in-
■♦■ ' /ai'l'l 4 - '"*-"—/ ' W^^^-^l vention .; has ■ restored thousands •♦■
*■ iffjK. -^ * ' of - men t0 health and strength, ,-V
■*" V 9 " j^* Nv°sh where drugs and doctors have ut- "^
.*- V'^i .^-f:^sk ..v^'M terly failed to do the work.. No +
'V - J?^W!:V; iWir one s afflicted with .any chronic I
-^■. . ■Na'k ~^\ '"^^§i>^AX\ weakness or disease . should ' hesi- "♦"
■♦■ \ g-X >- -^ffr (l < wy^'*- w tate. Investigate the merits of .a.
;.-•'; \ <J*^_l;;r.-wiK ; N\sf ; this great Electric Body . Battery
■*"*>* A\\\ ftt •'k»VSSwS' siO^ and you will bless tne day that +.
■f- Sx-fs, /'lWii • <> '/^ ■i)fsZ^ Kg \s^\ ». - >ou acted on this advice. .. - : „•: ..' V
\l. *!&£2&/!s\ \J i( \A \\ & v^\\ CT'Our descriptive "Pamphlet T/
~ %52?Vfl\\\vk I i^S/r/i^u n N "^ossa^\X " No ■ 2 -" showing • price list, etc., /+>:
-f may •be had free -of charge =by T-
1 OTllffi A fl .M'' A JM^Ss^RSS^X callinpr at our office, or It will be +
•t- -<V\\\\\\\\V^\VV^W V V%V^ i^KH^R^f s^'- mailed to any addresß on receipt ..+
-f n\\\\\\\\\W\VS\^''YV^' W' ofa 2-cent stamp. Office hours.
T A\\\\\\\WW^^ 8 a - «>■ till 7 p. m. On Sunday, -f
WVvvv v^NSy^vN^^cT^siMßKlßS^vWu from 1:30 10 3P" m ' on!y " Consul " -f
:^^^SB f Pierce :
: A -^H^lr Flectric Co t
* LlC til It \*\J.y *
;♦;■ 620 MARKET ST. o ZJllfn%S^ ..'•:.'!
troubles and Bright's disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidney
trouble.
Swamp-Root corrects inability to hold
water and promptly overcomes that un-
pleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during the day and to get up
many times during the night.
The way to be well is to pay attention
to your kidneys.
To take Swamp-Root when you ar«
suffering from clogged kidneys.
This prompt, mild and wonderful
remedy is easy to get at the djug
stores.
To prove its merits you may have a
sample bottle and a book telling more
about it, both sent absolutely free by
mail.
The great discovery, Swamp-Root, is
! so remarkably successful that our read-
i ers are advised to write for a free satn-
1 pie bottle and to kindb' mention the
San Francisco Sunday Call when send-
ing their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
"•'-"■hamton, N. Y.
nine the brutal deputies found that the
dog's leg had been broken by them and
they said under this consideration — the
broken leg— they would let the dog go for
$1 50. Mrs. Cashman gave them the money
and the ruffians released the suffering ani
mal. The poor creature was badly bruised
aside from the injuries to its leg. It was
taken to the doctor for treatment. The
fact that the fellows were on horseback
is sufficient to show that they were not
regular dog catchers, but had been sent
out to gather in stray horses and cattle.
Their treatment of the dog was unneces
sary, even if they had been sent out to
gather in canines, but their extortion of
money from a woman under the circum
stances is regarded as equal to a case of
hold-up.
Lipton's world-famed teas. Free sam
ples all December. Macdonald's, 1120 Mar
ket. •
JEWISH BAZAAR.
Ladles' Auxiliary of Shaari Zedek to
Have a Fair.
Under the auspices of the Ladies' Auxil
iary of Congregation Shaari Zedek, a
Jewish fair will be opened on Saturday
evening, December 10, at Union Square
Hall.
Extensive preparations are being made
to insure the bazaar being a financial and
social success. The proceeds are to be de
voted to the Temple Shaari Zedek, but
the members of the other synagogues
have volunteered their services and will
assist in making the bazaar all that could
be wished for. The Hebrew Orphan Asy
lum band will contribute music fo rthe
occasion.
The fair will continue for nine days, con
cluding on the evening of the 18th lnst.
with a grand ball. The officers of the
Ladies' Auxiliary, who have charge of
the bazaar, are: Mrs. B. Kaskell, presi
dent; Miss M. Lacky, secretary; L. Kra
gen, treasurer.
78
CHANCES FOR
THE SUPERIOR
JUDGESHIP
Gov. Budd Will Fill the
Borden Vacancy,
CLAIMS OF JUDGE LAWLER
WALLACE, SCHLESINGER, FER
RAL AND FOOTE NAMED.
Appointments for the Unexpired
Term May Be Announced by-
Governor Budd To-Mor
row.
The death of Judge Rhodes Border, has
opened up a wide field of Inquiry and con
jecture concerning the selection of his
successor. lie was appointed by Gover
nor Budd to fill the unexpired term of
Judge Slack, and at the last general elec
tion was chosen for a full term, beginning
In January. The portion of Judge Slack's
unexpired term not covered by the Gov
ernor's appointment to fill a vacancy may
be served out by L. C. Pisto-lesi, who re
ceived the highest number of votes for
that position at the last general election.
Mr. Pistolesi, however, cannot secure his
commission until the result of the elec
tion, is officially declared, and that decla
ration Is not likely to be made until a
few days before the beginning of the next
lull term. Therefore Mr. Pistolesi stand;
but a .slender chance of gaining judicial
prestige. There was talk among the poli
ticians yesterday that Judge Wallace.
who received, next to Judge Borden, the
highest number of votes for the full term,
would get the office. The lawyers did not
take this view of the case. They main
tained that the duties of the Election
BoaTd were ministerial and could not ex
tend beyond the mere declaration cf the
number of vote's received by each candi
date. It is not their function to inquire
whether the person voted for is living or
dea.d, but simply to certify to the number
of -votes be received.
Governor Budd's mind in regard to this
complication or question is fully made
up. He. cites the decision of the Supreme
Court in the case of Crawford vs. Dun
bar. It w-as there shown that the person
receiving the highest number of VQtta was
ineligible, yet the court decided that the
person receiving the next highest num
ber was not entitled to the office, althoujrh
eligible. Declaring his own intentions,
Governor Budd said: "Next Monaav I
Bhall name a successor of Judge borden
for the unexpired term, and at the proper
time will .make an appointment Jo*- two
years. I will appoint a man to serve as
Superior Judge until the next genera.l
election."
In the election proclamation the tnrax*
pired term of Superior Judge was not in
cluded, but Mr. Pistolesi's friends to the
number of fifty or more voted for him.
It is a question whether the Election
Commissioners will officially recognize
this vote.
There is no question of the Governor's
right to appoint to fill vancancies on the
Superior bench. This Judgeshlp will,
therefore, be vacant on the morning of
Monday. January 2, 1899. As the constitu
tion provides that the Governor shall hold
office for four years, Governor Budd's
term will not expire until January 11,
1899. He will, therefore, appoint to fill the
vacancy in question.
There are many aspirants already for
tho judicial honors and emoluments.
Friends of Judge William T. Wallace are
advancing his claims. It is urged a!s>
that Bert Schlesinger should be recog
nised. Robert Ferral and H. S. Foote are
mentioned as deserving and capable law
yers, who are entitled to consideration.
The opinion is expressed by the rriany
friends of W. P. Lawler that he is entitled
to something for the service rendered to
the Democratic cause in 1894, 18% and'
IS9S. It is claimed on Judge Lawler'^ be
half that he has given such a* example
of fealty -to Democratic principles that
the administration should not fa!l to ac
cord him recognition, as he possesses
ability, integrity and judicial qualifica
tions.
JEALOUSY THE CAUSE.
Bert Shore Arrested for Beating His
Wife With a Pistol.
A well-dressed young man giving his
name as Bert Shore is locked up in the
City Prison charged with an assault with
a deadly weapon. Shore lives with his
wife at 1048 Folsom street. Early yester
day morning she came home, accom
panied by a young man named Chappelle.
Becoming jealous Shore struck her over
the head with a revolver and as she fell
unconscious to the floor he started after
her companion. The latter, thinking he
intended to kill him, ran down stairs and
meeting Policemen O'Connor and Van
Keuren told them what had happened.
They immediately entered the house and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOBACCO CURE.
HOW.A MOTHER BANISHED CIGARETTES
• AND TOBACCO-A HARMLESS REM-
EDY THAT CAN BE GIVEN " '■' ' ;
IN TEA. COFFDE OR
„ ' " FOOD.
An; Oae Can Have a Free Trial Package
by Sending Name ; and Address.
• Some time ago a well known • business
..man whose stomach and nerves were
ruined by the tobacco habit was secretly
given a ronvdy by his wife and he.nover
knew what cured him of the habit. He
suddenly evinced such a dislike for to-
bacco that he concluded the , weed had
finally fl.oored him and that his own deter-
mination made him quit. She then treated
her son,, a young. man just 21. He was a
elgarcrtte ftend; inhaling the deadly fumes
-almest constantly, and he, too. was made
sick of the "weed." His mother enjoys a I
quiet; laugh to herself at the manner in
•which the young man tells of how he
.came to the conclusion that ; cigarettes
were ."drugged and • poisoned nowadays
and not fit to smoke." -
. The remedy is odorless and tasteless,
can- be ■ mixod wtth coffee or food, and
when taken into the system a man cannot
use tobacco in any form. The remedy
. contains nothing that could possibly do.
Injury. It is simply an antidote t or the
Joisons of tobacco and takes nicotine out
of the system. It. will cure even the con-
armed cigarette fiend and is a God-send to
aiothers who have growing uoys addicted
to- the cmoking of cigarettes. The rem-
tdy Is called Tobacco Specific, and a free
• trial package of the remedy will be mailed
prepaid upon a^niication to Rogers Drug
and Chemical Company. 144 Glenn build-
ing, Cincinnati. Ohio. This will help any
woman to solve the problem of curing her
husband, son or brother of a habit that
undermines the health, leaving the body
• susceptible to numerous lingering and
dangerous diseases.
809 MARKET ST.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
-/^■^S^ GUARANTEED.
" £&<« B TKETII 'WITHOUT
«|sl J PLATES A SPECIALTY.
JXBk j4§AOB Full Set of T.-f-th ex-
IgW ■ £$Ef£ t«»| tractlng free...*4JJO up
»\i' jrV. I Gold Crown*. 22k.. ....;.,,;
|^;Rj ELECTRO DENTAL
iliivc^dSlPii Suite 7, Flood . iiiMin
j&SiiS&tz**] R M 809 MARKET ST.
G. VV: WILLIAMSON, M. D., : ;
Office Hro.— a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun., 9 to 2 p.m.
-... ■ ■ -. - v. ■ • ■ ■ ■.-■ ■ ■ . . • I
found Mrs. Shore lying on the floor, her
fac- covered with blood.
Shore was standing over her with the
revolver in his hand. The officers prompt
ly soized him and. after disarming him,
took him to the City Prison, where he was
formally charged.
The woman was taken to the office or
a doctor who lives in tho vicinity, where
her wound*, which eon slated of three ugly
cuts in the head, were dressed. Shore ad
mitt od to tlif officers that he had beaten
hi-= wife as he was jealous of Chapelle.
"I'm sorry I did not kill him," he re
marked. "He seems determined to alien
ate tlie affections of my wife."
Chapelle says lie will also prefer a
charge against tho indignant husband.
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
H. D. Pills oury Wins the December
Competition for the Liverpool
Medal.
The December competition for the Liver
pool silver medal, eighteen holes with
handicap, for men, was held yesterday af
ternoon on the links of the San Francisco
Golf Club. A moderately northerly breeze,
sharp but invigorating, blew over the
course; the day was clear and the light
good. Two or three new players went
round the course, but th--ir degree of skill
not being known, received no handicap. S.
1.. Abtett Jr. was scratch man. and made
the eighteen holes in 95 strokes, or only
two more than the lowest score yet made
in tournament play. But H. D. Pillsbury's
score of 100, with a handicap of 11, mak
ing a net score of 80. was the best, and he
was accordingly declared the winner. The
full scores are given below:
PLATERS.
1
I
a
o
a
0
H. Babcock
S. L. Abbott Jr
•I. w. Byrne
H. D. Pillsbury
•*H. B. Uoodwin
"\V. B. Lester
"A. B. Watson
ta Knight
C. Page
C. P. Eells
tC. E. Worden
50
57
46
107
06
7
0
10
11
0
0
0
18
I
18
18
100
95
I
Si
ioo'
"ab
....
....!
....
....
....
.....
'54'
53
62
115
'ios
97
..|
....I
•No return. «*No record. tDid not compete.
Next Friday the ladies' foursomes and
| ladles' driving competition will be held
i on the Presidio links, and next Saturday
a team of eight players from the San
Francisco Golf Club will visit Oakland,
where they will try conclusions with a
| team of eight of the Oakland Golf Club.
I Each player of the San Francisco team
j will be drawn against one of the Oakland
) eight: the player who makes a hole in the
i fewest strokes wins that hole; at the end
of the round the loser's score is subtracted
from the winner's, and the surplus counts
for the winner's team. The team which
has most holes to its credit wins the con
test. A player who beats another by three
holes counts "3 up." and 3 points are reck
oned to the score of his team. This
I method of reckoning by holes, instead of
by the total number of strokes required
to make the two rounds, does not deprive
i the player who is unlucky at one hole of
a chance to retrieve hinself.
UNCLE SAM AND HIS
NEW POSSESSIONS
IRVING M. SCOTT'S LECTURE
BEFORE THE PRESS CLUB.
Interesting Features of American
History Illustrated — Accident
to the Elevator.
The pretty "jinks room" of the Press
Club was crowded last night with mem
bers of the club, their fair friends and
fr;ends who are not usually designated
as "fair." The occasion was the first of
a series of illustrated lectures. This lec
ture in particular was entitled "Uncle
Sam and His New Possessions," ami was
delivered by perhaps the man on this
coast best fitted to deliver it— lrving M.
Scott of the Union Iron Works.
Mr. Scott opened the lecture by throw
ing on the canvas a number of historical
maps. They showed that this Govern
ment had obtained, through purchase
and conquest, a vast amount of territory.
He also gave a short word painting of
the history of this country. It was brief,
concise and lucid. It told in few words
of the early settlement of this country,
the land grants given and ..ie fact that
not a single colony prospered until after
the destruction of the great Spanish
armada. He also gave a brief detailed
account of the sixty expeditions from this
country to foreign lands, all of which ter
minated favorably, wit»» the exception of
the expedition to Canada in 1776. As is
known, some Canadian territory was oc
cupied, but the occupying forces were
eventually driven back.
The speaker also gave an object lesson
in territorial expansion by showing a
condensed atlas of the Western World.
On this all English fortifications were
marked in red, and red dots controlled
every important passageway from the
British Isles to the Indies east, and an
other map showed them controlling every
passageway to the west.
Pictures of the American and Spanish
navies were then shown. They were
greeted wk.i applause, but when the Brit
ish navy was thrown on the canvas and
Mr. Scott said, "Aren't you glad we were
not fighting with England?" he was
greeted with a cordial "Yes, yes." It told
the story truer than words.
Other pictures represented ships of the
American navy, and particularly the Or
egon, In detail, from the laying of the
keel to the final triumphant launching.
The entrance to the rooms and the lec
ture were a complete success, but the exit
did not merit so much approval, owing to
an unfortunate accident. The lecture
whs held on the sixth floor of the build-
Ing, and the elevator had only made a
fen- of the downward trips when the cable
broke. Fortunately it is equipped with a
mechanical contrivance which prevents
fatalities when such accidents occur, and
the only unpleasant feature was that a
number of guests were entrapped be
tween the second and third floors, and the
rest of the guests had to walk down the
five flights of stairs, ihe gentlemen In
the stranded car finally managed to clam
ber down to the next floor and assisted
the ladies out of the predicament into
which they were thrown, and the whole
matter was looked upon as an amusing
part of the evening — tne more amusing,
perhaps, because it was unexpected. f
GRAND MASTER LLOYD.
A Toast to Him to Bj Offered in
Every City in the Jurisdiction at
Same Moment cv Christmas.
At the meeting of California Command
ery held last Friday night the ivnights
were informed that at the same time on
Christmas day, in the jurisdiction over
which Reuben H. Lloyd presides as grand
master of the Grand Encampment,
Knights Templar, there will be a reunion
in each commanrtery hall for the purpose
of drinking the health of the new grand
master. The time has been iixed at 12
o'clock in the city of Boston, Mass., and
the time figured out in every city in the
jurisdiction where there are one or more
commanderies, so as to make It corre
spond with the noon hour in Boston. The
time fixed for San Francisco is 9 o'clock
in the forenoon. The time has also been
fixed for the Hawaiian Islands and the
Philippine Islands. There is a command
cry at the first named Cut none at the
latter, yet among the soldiers stationed
there are a number of Knights Templar,
who will, at the time fixed for them, wish
long life and prosperity to Grand Master
Lloyd.
Park Music To-Day.
March. "Cortege Nuptlale," from "Romeo
and Juliet" Gounod
Overture, "Hnne Helling" Marchner
Kt-enes from "Maritana" Wallace
Descriptive, "A Musician Astray In the
Park Herman
"Rhapsodle No. 2" Lisjt
Selection from "Lucia" I... Donizetti
Trombone solo, fantasia, "The Gypsy's
Warn! ngr' '
Performed by W. H. Colverd.
Pance, "The Hours, from "L» Glaconda"
A. PonchtelH
Humorlstlc, 'The Arkansas Traveler".. Reeves
March E. E. Schmitz
A Peek-a-Boc Chinaman.
Customs Inspectors yesterday found a
Chinaman stowed away under a pile of
hide* in the hold of the steamer Queen,
which arrived from Victoria. Deputy
Surveyor St. John ordered the Mongolian
locked up pending the deportation of the
bider.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
A BOY TIRED OF LIFE.
Carl Smith Bought a Revolver and Then Concluded to
Take the Carbon Monoxide Route — A Dime
Novel Case.
CARL, SMITH, a boy 16 years of age, being tired of life determined yes
terday afternoon to put an end to his unhappy existence. He pur
chased a revolver and filled each chamber. Then he went to his room
at 29 Eddy street, locked the door and wrote the following note on
a card: "My name 1b Carl Smith. I
am 16 years old and don't want to
live, bo if I succeed, you can do what
you want with my body."
He placed the revolver to his tem
ple, but his courage failed him and
he put it in his pocket. He wanted
an easier way to die, so he turned
on the gas in his room and lay down
on the bed to calmly await for the
sleep that knows no awakening.
The smell of gas waa discovered
coming from his room and the door
was forced open. He was found un
conscious in- bed. and the patro
wagon was summoned to take him
to the Receiving Hospital. Dr. Bun
nell soon brought him back to con
sciousness.
Carl is a good-lookingf boy. For a
long time he refused to answer any
questions. He finally said that he
was born in Salem, Or., and both his
parents were dead. He came to this
Siate about two years ago and
worked on a ranch in the country for
eighteen months. Then he came to
the city. He was last employed as a
messenger boy in Plunkett's employ
ment agency on Butter street. He ______
became despondent for what reason he could not or would not say and want
ed to die. He had $2 75 and the revolver in hia pockets. He declared he
was sorry for attempting to end his life and promised not to be so foolish
again. Pl
the boy had been living at 39 Eddy street for a week. His habits
were good, but it was said that he was addicted to reading dime novels.
A number of these books were found in his room.
DIGGING WILL BE
STARTED TOMORROW
BALDWIN WALLS ARE NO
LONGER DANGEROUS.
Wreckers and Other Laborers Paid
Off for the Week Last
Night.
AH the dangerous chimneys and loos
ened cornices on the Baldwin Hotel walls
which have menaced street-car passengers
for several days have been pulled down.
Those portions of the walla standing are
secure and not liable to fall, in fact the
wreckers say they cannot be pulled down.
To-morrow a gang of men will begin re
moving the debris, and in a day or two
the buried bodies will be recovered, if
they were not completely incinerated. In
side the walls the wreckage is piled as
high as the third and fourth stories, and
this heap will be removed before any
more of the walls are pulled down. On
the Market-street side the wall is down
to the first story in the center of the
building, and on the other two sides the
fifth and fourth stories have \>een re
moved. All the chimneys are down.
Last night E. J. Baldwin paid off sixty
men who have been employed for several
days recovering furniture, marble man
tels and bath room fixtures, and also the
wrecking gang. Two men who were en
gaged in removing mantels on the Powell
street side yesterday narrowly escaped
death. While they were in one of the
rooms the wreckers pulled down a large
section of the top wall directly above them.
The timber crashed down through the
broken ceiling and the men in the room
wAe almost buried. When the cracking
timbers warned them they ran to the end
of the room near the outer wall and es
caped serious injury, though they were
temporarily blinded by the dust.
JOHN M. WRIGHT'S SPEECH.
It Elected Benjamin Secretary of the
Miners' Association.
One of the principal issues of the recent
mining convention was the election of sec
retary for the California Miners' Asso
ciation. The contest rested between Ed
ward H. Benjamin and R. H. Turner.
Mr. Benjamin was finally elected and ht»
election is said to have been due to the
following speech, made by John M.
Wright, which Is for the first time pub
lished in full:
Mr President: There is nothing that Judge
Walling has said in favor of R. H. Turner
that I would not second, and I would prob
ably go further than Judge Walling has gona.
I would say, after a long and Intimate ac
quaintance with him, that he is one of the
loveliest young men I know and one of the
best I know. But I do not rise for the pur
pose of Becondlng his nomination.
I rise on behalf of the county of Alameda,
for the purpose of placing in nomination for
the office of secretary, another of the Old
Guani," Edwa« H. Benjamin. (Applause.)
I notice that when our president reau Die
address yesterday he called the attention of
the associate to the extreme importance of
the office of secretary. He ctyefully described
the high qualities necessary for the filling of
Of course the way to ascertain whether a
man will fill an office properly is to try him.
We have tried Mr. Neff and he has been
elected eight times our president. We have
now elected as our vice president W . C. Rals
ton who capably served this association as Its
secretary in the early years of its existence.
Hut I venture to say, and I think nearly
every gentleman within the sound of my voice
will agree with me, that no person, excepting
our president. ha B done more for* the Interests
of this association than has Edward H. Ben
jamin. (Applause.)
The fact is he need 3 no Introduction, he
needs no words of praise from me or from any
one else. .
I recollect that a few years ago, when a. rep
resentative was needed by this association to
go to the trans-Mississippi congress 'the of
fice sought the man," and Mr. Benjamin sacri
ficed his own business interests and went to
St Louis and accomplished for this organiza
tion all that was asked of him. The trane-
Mlssiselppl congress passed all the resolutions
that weft advanced by him.
I remember that since he has made the fight
as leader of the mineral lands contest. He
bore the brunt of the abuse that followed un
til that fight became popular, i\ntil no mancould
be found in this association who would say a
word against it. Mr. Benjamin Is the man
who fought the fight in the days of its un
popularity, and now the fight is won so far
as the membership of this association Is con
cerned and pn far as the people of this State
are concerned. _ ,
I remember next tueservices of Mr. Benja
min at the Midwinter Pair. You all remember
its history. You all remember his work.
I remember his work of last year. You all
remember his services in connection with the
Mining Fair which was held in this city last
year. Mr. Benjamin was at the head and
front, the life and soul of that work.
If there is anything In his faithful services
Mr. Benjamin has earned a right to this of
fice. (Applause.)
Ac I said a moment ago it is unnecessary for
me to say anything further about him. His
wi-.rkF sp*ak for him, and if you will not elect
him on the strength of what he haa done no
poor words of mine will add anything to the
strength of his position. (Applause.)
Advances made on furnltur* and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
RAILROAD NEWS.
The Wrecked "Sunset Limited" Will
Arrive To-Morrow Afternoon.
A railroad company has been organized
and next summer it will build a road from
Truckee to Tahoe City. N. K. Masten,
president of the Phoenix and Marlcopa
Railway and the financial agent of the
Southern Pacific, is the prime mover In
th« new enterprise.
Ground Is now being broken within a
mile of Stockton on the Sierra Railroad,
which Is being pushed toward Sonora. It
was originally Intended to have the road
complete by the first of the coming year,
bur the hard rock encountered in the
construction of the road has made the
work necessarily slow.
J. A. Fillmore, manager of the Southern
Pacific system, returned to the city yes
terday from an extended trip through the
South.
G. F. Richardson, master of transporta
tion of the Southern Pacific, stated yes
terday that the "Sunset Limited," which
was recently wrecked In Louisiana and
which should have arrived here at 1:45
o'clock this afternoon, will not reach
Oakland until to-morrow afternoon about
3 o'ejock. On this train ar« the witnesses
In tne Botkin case. <
A STEADY WEEK IN
THE WHEAT MARKET
ITS FUTURE DEPENDS LARGELY
ON RUSSIAN SHIPMENTS.
Barley Continues Dull, With Prices
Far Above a Legitimate
Basis.
Wheat prices have been fairly steady
during the week for the more deferred
futures. Liquidation carried maturing
options quite a little lower. The chief
factor in the way of speculative gossip
was Russia's small shipment of about two
and one-half million bushels less than for
the same week of last year. Exports
from the Atlantic and Pacific Coasts were
7,485,000 bushels as compared with 6,500,000
a yeur ago and 5,825,000 bushels for the
week ending 1 November 26. Koumania ex
ports were 50u0 tons less last week than
the previous week. Liverpool stocks of
wheat are about 600,000 bushels, a compar
atively small amount.
It is surprising that stocks abroad do
not show greuter accumulation. The only
answer to be given is that millers' de
mands are fully abreast with present im
ports. Home stocks continue light. The
visible supply is now about 23,500,000
bushels, no larger than at the same
period when the crop harvested was con
sidered a short one. farmers are un
doubtedly holding back wheat, but just
how much will not be known until an
other crop Is assured. It is more than
likely a 7,000,000 crop has been almost if
not fully discounted by -the trade. An
old adage among wheat traders is that
it is generally a safe proposition to bull
the tall end of a big crop and bear the
closing hours of a short/crop. Assuming
that whatever may be the facts they
have been discounted. It is more than
likely the various estimates regarding
last year'B crop have been too high and
will ere long show real conditions.
The one great trouble with the wheat
trade is "looking back." During two
other years of depression, not alone in
cereals but everything outside of gold
coin, prices for wheat were dropped to
50c and the trade can't wipe that from
their minds. The conditions now are
quite different Farmers are out of debt.
Money can be had at a rate of interest
almost at the borrower's option. Securi
ties of all kinds are selling at prices never
before seen and are owned by investors
who can find no more safe way to em
ploy their money. There is now stability
behind this great mass of earning capac
ity which promises the United States the
greatest prosperity of its existence. It
would seem only fair that farm products
should receive at least a share of the
prosperity now being In evidence. Wheat
around 65 centa per bushel is as cheap
to-day as it was at 50c during financial de
pression. Added to this argument is the
difference in grade which was raised last
year from No. 2 spring to No. 2 red, the
latter article being a greatly superior
grade to the former, the difference rang
ing from 10 to 20 cents per bushels. At
present the wheat trade is watchiQg
Argentina, conditions, whose harvest wlu
soon begin. The country to be most
closely watched this year will prove to be
Russia, whose crop little information can
be gathered about. Present indications
point to a small crop in that country. It
will take time to arrive at facts, but
when they do show up present prices will
be wondered at. The time is fast ap
proaching when weather conditions will
greatly influence prices. Tne crop killers
are generally at their best during Janu
ary and February. Conditions through
out California are very discouraging to
farmers. Unless rain comes soon condi
tions will be equally as bad as last year.
Considerable Utah wheat is coming" into
the State, keeping millers fairly well sup
plied. Exports from Oregon and Wash
ington continue on a fairly liberal scale.
Barley continues dull, ranging between
$1 2a<ijLl 32 for December during the week,
closing on Saturday at about $1 30. It
looks now as if there will be heavy de
liveries of barlpy during the month to
fill contracts. Possibly a couple of thou
sand tons may be what is known as clear
short, but will not be of sufficient quan
tity to pay any one to go gunning for.
It will be an exception to the general
run of things if those who take the "real
thing" will not get sick of their bargain
and become sellers in the end. No one
questions the fact that barley prices are
above a legitimate basis. The end must
show an adjustment to meet the laws of
supply and demand, which at present are
entirely ignored.
R. E. MULCAHY.
MASTER MARINERS.
Give Their Regular Annual Ball at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
The Master Mariners' Benevolent Asso
ciation gave a grand ball at Odd Fellowa'
Hall last night, and several hundred
guests embraced the opportunity to enjoy
a very pleasant evening. The hall was
beautifully decorated for the occasion,
and the music left nothing to be desired.
The dancing was under the immediate
direction of Adolph Bergman, assisted by
the floor committee— E. Henrix, J. J.
Haverside, Philip Cohen, H. B. Madison,
J. H. Callahan, Mlkal Olsen and M. Jor
gensen.
The reception committee consisted of H.
H. Blrkholm, John Erickson, B. H. Tlet-
Jen, C. D. Cook and L. Foard.
Committee of arrangements— Artolph
Bergman. J. H. Callahan. Mikal Olsen,
John Erickson, B. H. Tletjen, J. J. Haver
side, H. B. Madison anU Philip Cohen.
The dancers did not adjourn until the
early hours of the morning, and all were
highly pleased at the success of the af
fair.
Wills Filed for Probate.
The will of John G. McKenzie, who died
on the 13th ult., was filed for probate yes
terday. The testator directs that an es
tate valued at $7000 be divided, share and
share alike, among his children, Joseph H.
McKenzie, Maria Harnes," Elmer E., Al
fred D. and Tillle McKenzie.
The will of Johanna Crane directs that
an estate consisting of mining stock and
a lot In Alameda County be turned over
to her daughter, Mary Sawyer.
The will of Margaret B. Beck distributes
an estate valued at $25,000 among her Im
mediate relatives, ,
CHEAP RIDES
FOR THE NEW
YORK TROOPS
Uncle Sam Drives a
Good Bargain.
RAILROADS SLAUGHTER RATES
TWENTY-FOUR HUNDRED MILES
FOR $9 90.
Low Transportation Prices That the
General Public Are Not to
Be Given the
Benefit Of.
The contract for the transportation of
the 1200 men of the New York Regiment
of Volunteers from San Francisco to New
York has been agitating the railroad
agents in this city for some time. Those
troops are to arrive from Honolulu dur
ing the next two weeks, and after a few
days' rest will be forwarded East.
The particular feature of interest in this
contest for the business of the Govern
ment is the remarkably low figures quoted
for carrying these men across the conti
nent. It goes without saying that the
Southern Pacific Company, with the short
haul, gets the lion's share, and the con
trast between what this company is will
ing to do and the voluntary propositions
of the Eastern trunk lines is very strik
ing.
For instance, the Southern Pacific
charges $1 99 per man from San Fran
cisco to Sacramento, and $16 30 from that
city to Ogden. This is a haul of 800 mil<|s
for $18 29. The Eastern lines take the
soldiers at Ogden and carry them to New
York City for $9 90. This is over three
times the distance covered by the South
ern Pacific and about half the price
charged by the latter corporation for the
short service.
The competing railroad men take some
satisfaction from the fact that their
grasping competitor does not derive a
great deal of pleasure from the contract,
by reason of the fact that it receives
only $1 99 cash out of the $18 29. The bal
ance goes on Uncle Sam's books to the
credit of the Central Pacific Company on
the big debt due the Government.
The troopa will go in tourist cars and
the officers in Pullman Company's sleep
ers. This latter corporation did not
bother about bidding for the traffic. It
simply quoted a regular rate of $20 50 for
each man who rides in their cars. Sol
diers who are too ill to stand the rough
accommodations of the tourist sleepers
will be transported in the Pullmans. The
Burlington line will have the honor and
pleasure of conveying the Empire State
boys to their homes. They will go over
the Southern Pacific, Central Pacific, Rio
Grande Western, Denver and Rio Grande,
Burlington and Missouri River, Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy, Lake Shore and
Michigan Southern and New York Cen
tral. In addition to the troops there will
be 200,000 pounda of freight transported.
In connection with this battle of the
railroads for Government business, what
will most interest the people of Califor
nia is the fact that while the general pub
lic of the East who desire to emigrate to
California are required to pay the highest
possible rate that the railroad people
can agree upon, when it comes to carry
ing passengers eastward for Uncle Sam
they quote a figure which if applied to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTENSE EXCITEMENT.
THE F%/\jL<LJ W//V •.•■:■■
CLOTHIERS'
IN FULL BLAST.
jflf ji bF .ml Maßmd Mmto^ iummr JmB&JMiaL B g
\<<■.. • . ' ■■ •
$100,000 worth of Men's, Boys' and Children's
Clothing, Hats and Furnishing Goods, slightly damaged by " ;•. . :
Fire, Smoke tnd Water, must be sacrificed at once. . \*'
NOTICE — We beg leave to tender our apologies to . •:;.,. ..
the many thousands who, owing to the great and uriex- •' "•"
pected rush, could not be served j\ and beg to state that we ■ '.'. :
have now put on an additional force of ioo salesmen, so ' , .
; that- we can handle a much larger trade than we did yes- ■,-;-■' .•
terday. Yours respectfully,
THE RALDWIN
L\i/^ ' . * -.''*■ El W% O Gl P B S3 H W O Sw fl »» **
* monies
924 to 930 Market St.
BALDWIN ANNEX.
westbound traffic would soon result in
thickly populating the State. Why such
accommodations and service cannot be
offered the plain people is a matter that
Is not explained by the powers that be.
The railroad agents are now fighting
each other for the contracts to trans
port the 8500 regular troops who are to be
brought to this city in a few weeks on
their way to Manila to relieve the volun
teer soldiers stationed there. It is pre
dicted that the company that secures the
award will break the record in the mat
ter of low prices.
The Alameda is due to arrive from
Honolulu on the 6th inst. with 550 men,
and the Australia and Scandia about the
14th with 350 each.
REORGANIZATION IS
AT A STANDSTILL
MORE CANDIDATES FOR SOME
OF THE HIGH OFFICES.
The Standing of an Honorary Mem
ber in the National Guard to
Be Tested.
"As things are now," said one of the
officers of the National Guard yesterday,
"it looks as if the reorganization will lag
until well into the next year. The secur
ing of men to fill the ranks has not been
as rapid as was anticipated, and now
them are many who before they join want
to wait until the new administration gets
in so as to discover what will be done.
The Governor will certainly make a
change in the office of adjutant general,
and when that is done there may be an
entire change in the present manner of
procedure. Consequently it may be said
that what there is of the guard is at a
standstill."
At a meeting held last Friday night for
the purpose of physically examining men
for several of the local companies and
Company I in particular, there was but
a small attendance. The board of ex
amining surgeons had only twenty men
to examine for Companies D, I, L and M.
The next examination will not be held
until the evening of Thursday, the loth
inst. It is believed that the attendance
last Friday was not a fair test of the
number of the men who want to go into
the ranks, but that the paucity was due
in a measure to the fact that as this is
the holiday season many young men are
employed in stores that remain open un
til late at night, and are unable to leave
their business to report at the armories.
At division headquarters all was as quiet
yesterday as if the place was closed for
the day. There is nothing doing there
just now but routine business.
The military committees of the Legis
lature next year will be without the ad
vice of the board of officers as to the
needs of the guard, for the reason that
there are no o/fleers to compose the
board, so they will have to fall back
upon such advice as they may obtain
from individual officers who were left be
hind when the mustering in took place.
The Senate will have for adviser the ma
jor general of the State, who is a hold
over Senator, and who will probably be
a member of the Military Committee of
that body.
The southern part of the State Is pre
senting a number of candidates for the
office of adjutant general. Among those
named are Captain Seaman, Captain John
Cross. J. G. Goster and C. T. Rice.
Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Schreiber of
Los Angeles and Major N. S. Bangham
of Pasadena are mentioned for the office
of assistant adjutant general.
An arrangement was finally reached in
the Naval Militia by which it became
possible to send Lieutenant Gunn to the
convention of Naval Militia officers which
opened in Philadelphia on the 2d inst. A
subscription was made up from the sev
eral division funds and he reached the
meeting-place in time to listen to the
propositions to be offered and to take
part in the debates. One of the principal
matters to be considered will be the sug
gestion that the Naval Militia of the
several States having such, shall be dis
continued as State organizations and
made an auxiliary to the United States
navy. The matter had been discussed In
an "informal way in this city, and the
proposition did not seem to meet with
much favor. The idea of the local Naval'
Militia men Is that the men should be
sent on one of the modern men-of-war at.;
stated periods and receive instructions
from competent instructors of the United .
States navy;- that they should be taken
out on short cruises on Sunday, return
ing: the same night or early the next .
morning, so that they would be thor
oughly instructed in what is wanted of
men on a ship of war, and in that njja^r-
ner be ready to assume any dut.\ an
them. Instruction on such a vessel as th£
.Marion, while it is good in its way, does
not come up to the demand made of men
who have to serve on a modern ship.
At the election held in tf>" second divi<
sion last week F. S. Harloe was electeid
lieutenant, junior grade.
John K. Burke, Wi.o joined the militia
in 1594 and was known as the bugler of
the second division— a good one he is,'
too— and who was one of those who
served in the auxiliary navy, being quar-.
termflster on the Iroquois, was elected
ensign of the second division. The young'
man is a very energetic member of the
division, and in whatever position he was
he performed his duties with a zoal and
correctness that won many words of com-,
mendation for him. His promotion is a.
deserved one. and there is every reason to
believe that as a commissioned officer he .
will be as successful as he was in- the
lower grades.
The officers of the second division have
decided to have officers' mess on the
Marion twice a month. The nexi will b",
on Tuesday evening next. iwo of U»e
officers of the Italian man-of-war now -in
port have been invited to partaKe of the-,
officers' hospitality. •
A case tnat will be of considerable m.r
Merest to all who have joined the National
Guard as honorary members will come up
before Judge Cook of thf> Superior ( ourt.
during the next few days. . Arthur A.
Smith of thf» firm of Weeman. Smith j&
Co. at various times for thirty years
served as a juror in the courts of this
City. Thinking that he had done Ins
share of jury duty ne applied for porn >g
sion to become and was accepted- as W
honorary member of the guard, and Blßcre
1593 he 'has paid to the organization ht»
joined the sum of $oO a venr. as required
by law in such cases. Th« fact of being
an honorary member exempted him from
jury duty; 'at least it did frotm the- time
he joined the guard, but .since last weeK .
he has had his standing in regard to. such
duty somewhat shaken. He received a
summons to appear in Judge Cook s de
partment, there to serve as a juror, ire
presented his certificate , of honorary,
membership, claiming exemption thereon,
but the Judge told Tlim that it did no.t
avail him. as the law had" been repealed
by the Legislature of 189 T. Mr. Smith
laid the matter befora Colonel Pwye*.
judge advocate on the divisi -vn staff .who,
after looking trp the law on the subject,
informed Mr Smith that the law has not
been Repealed. Colonel Dwyer wlU^appenr
before Judge Cook when. Mr Smith is
called upon to serve as a juror.
DOLLS GO UP IN
A BLAZE OF GLORY
BIG BETUBNS MABK THE LAST
OF THE SHOW.
Arthur Spear Proves, an Efficient
Auctioneer and Gets Good Prices
for Some Bisque Ladieb.
The doll show closed last evening In a
blaze of glory. Large and gratifying a3
■was the attendance during the other days
of the entertainment, yesterday far sur
passed them In point of numbers. Sev
eral hundred dollars was taken in at th<»
door besides some 500 tickets, which rep
resented a cash value of tVO. During the
afternoon the sales were so brisk that
only seventeen of the dolls remained to be
auctioned off by Arthur Spear.
Spear proved himself a model auctioneer
and handled the crowd so well that the
dolls went quickly— and at good prices.
Among the purchasers were Charles Neal,
who gave $20 for a doll; Al Dodge, whose
purchase represented $17 50; Mr?. Fair,
who paid $35 for the doll she admired; j
Riley Grannan, whose bid amounted to^
$31, and Ed Purser, who paid $40 for r
bisque beauty. Among the small pur
chasers were Mrs. Eddy. Mrs. Van OrdeM
and Mrs. S. Knight. The raffling of thfl
dolls was also a feature of the closinM
evening. No. 147, held by Miss Nellie mm
ler of Oakland, won the mechanical doll.
Louis Slcss captured the Hearst doll with
No. 96, and Mrs. W. V. Bryan, who did
such excellent work at tho door, won the
Schoenwasser doll with ticket No. 43.REFUNDS THE
DEPOSIT FOR
A GAS METER
President Crockett of the Lighting
Monopoly Orders the Return
of an Illegal Collection.
Tribute Demanded From the Native Daugh
ters' Home, but Restitution Made at
the Request of The Call.
Have you $5 on deposit with the San
FFanci.ico Gas and Electric Company for
tbe use of a gas meter? If you have and
are adverse to the corporation illegally
drawing interest on your money any
longer go to J. B. Crockett, the president,
and demand its return forthwith.
He will instruct the cashier to refund
pour money without amoment'shesitancy.
At !>-ast he did in one Instance yesterday,
f:-id it Is not to be supposed that he would
make, any distinction or discrimination.
In ordering the return of that deposit
Mr. Crockett tacitly admitted that his
Company had collected It wrongfully, and
that the law prohibiting such collections
Is in full force and effect.
The circumstances are these: On the
first of the present month the Native
■ Daughters of the Golden West opened
their home tor members of the order at
925 O'Farrell street, and the president of
the trustees called at the office of the
mpany, 415 Post street, to order a
; 'laced on the premises and the gas
•■.;. Five dollars' deposit was de
manded of her, and although she explain
ed that the home was a public institution,
- protesting that the demand was
: y to law. the company's represen
tative refused to have the meter put in
.; the deposit. The money wad paid
under protest and a "certificate of de
givtn, on which was printed in
part: "This deposit is only to be refunded
ujiun the surrender of this certificate at
final settlement." Thus, if th* homo con
tinued i.o use the meter fur twenty years
that g ild piece at 5 per cent Interest would
•have earned the company another gold
of the same denomination, with
f-o.ix*) to 75,000 consumers, each of whom
has a similar amount on deposit, it do«*
pot r-quire an expert to iigure up the
enormous revenue Illegally obtained from
consumers, to say nothing of the deposits
forgotten by consumers in the hurry of
. al or lost certilicates, without which
deposits cannot be drawn down, all of
which goes into the company's treasury.
The head of the Native Daughters'
Home, tiilled with indignation at the rapa
city of the gas monopoly which would not
even exempt so worthy an institution
from its extortions, reported the occur
iince to The Call, and a representative of
this paper was sent to make a formal de
tnaQd upon the head of the company for
the return of the money, being instructed
to notify that official in case of his re
fusal to 'yield up the coin, that suit would
be instituted for its recovery.
Armed with the certificate of deposit
The Call representative waited upon Mr.
Crockett in that gentleman's office, and
tins the certificate, requested that
the $5 be refunded.
It wan entirely unnecessary to say any
thing about the likelihood of a suit fol
lowing his refusal, for without a word
: objection Mr. Crockett conducted his
tor to the cashier and ordered that
gentleman to return the money. This
was done, The Call man indorsing the
certificate. As he was about to depart
the cashier volunteered the statement
that had the lady, when ordering the
meter, made it known that it was for a
public institution, not only would no de
posit have been demanded, but the com
pany would have given her a special rate
of $1 60 per thousand feet for gas, the
regular price being fl 75. He requested
that she be informed that the $1 CO rate
would be charged the home hereafter.
The cashier must be laboring under a
misapprehension, for the lady distinctly
. that the meter was for the Native
Daughters' Home when she protested
against putting up the deposit.
However, the deposit has been refunded,
and It is fair to presume that should any
other depositor demand the return of his
money the. company will not discrim
inate.
But although the company has thus ac
knowledged that it has no right whatever
to these deposits, It keeps right on de
manding them and will continue to do so
until the suffering public refuses to en
dure the imposition any longer.
• that has just been brought to
the attention of The Call, where the com
pany actually removed a meter already
f'ii thi- premises because the new occu
pant stood up for his rights, is that of
Theodore Carlton, 721 V;. Grove street, an
upper flat. The building is owned by a
Mrs. Stewart, who lived In the flat now
occupied by Mr. Carlton for thirty years.
When she broke up housekeeping, on the
22d of last month, Mrs. Stewart went to
the gas company and paid her bill up to
that time. She gave notice to send the
bill for the remainder of the month to
her, and that another family would oc
cupy the flat and pay the gas bills after
that time. December I an employe of the
gas company called on Mr. Carlton and
(if-mnndfJ $•" deposit on the meter, which
had remained in the house all the time,
and on which Mrs. Stewart had never
POSTUM CEREAL.
A BRADSTREET REPORTER
Got Into Trouble and Then Got Out
Again With No Harm Done.
Perhaps your company would be In-
terested in knowing something of my
experience with coffee drinking. For
a lons time there was no pleasure in
my breakfast, for Immediately after
eating it 1 was in pain, suffering from
indigestion, and gfivrally became so
pick to my stomach that I was com-
pelled to throw part of the breakfast
up,
I did not know what the cause of the
trouble was until one of my friends
who had been affected In the same
way told me that he had got entirely
over his difficulty by quitting the use
of <offee and using in its place the
Postum F"'>d Coffee, from which he
obtained remarkablp results. I made
the change without any trouble, for the
Postum was (after one or 1 I failures,
and we found out how to boil it prop-
erly) better than the coffee I had been
accustomed to.
In about three weeks I was ko well
that I found I could drink regular
(•offfc without having" the old trouble,
but I could not Rf>t back to like berry
coffee again, the Pontum taates so much
better to me, and the fact that I keep
getting stronger and sturdier in every
way convinces me that I r:n living a
more natural life.
I find it is best to boil Postum stead-
ily and not let It boil too hard so as to
boil over, but it should be allowed to
continue boiling a long time or it does
nut taste right. When It is allowed
full length of time for boilinf it is cer-
tainly delicious. I enclose a list of ten
names of friends who ! re all bee-;
cured of their indigestion by leaving off
coffee and using Po**" X
Jerome Lacey Penzing, 37 No. 50th
street, Philadelphia, Pa., reporter for
Bradstreet Company. j
Eaid a deposit. Mr. Carlton declined to
c mulcted, and the employe threatened
to remove the meter. This threat did not
frighten Mr. Carlton. and the gas man
made good his threat and carried off the
meter. Since then the Carlton family has
used lamps, but Mr. Carlton is determined
not to yield to the company's demands.
A parallel case is that of one of the
wealth!* st and most prominent residents
of the Hawaiian Islands who came to this
city with li!s family a short time ago and
leased the Blair mansion on Van Nesg
avenue, xie moved into the house imme
diately upon Mrs. Blair and her family
vacating it. there being no change of
meters. But notwithstanding, as soon
as the gas company found out there was
another family living in the Blair resi
dence an employe descended upon the
Hawaiian and "worked" him for S3 de
posit.
However, now that Mr. Crockett has re
funded one deposit he may be induced to
continue the good work and give all his
patrons their money back.
UNION IRO-V WORKS ACCIDENT.
Collapse of the Drydock While the
Steamer San Bias Was Being
Repaired.
An accident occurred yesterday morning
at the Union Iron Works, which fortu
nately resulted in only a slight injury
to 'William Jenson, a workman, residing
at 631 Tennessee street, who had two ribs
brokerf. Dr. Simpson attended to the 4n
jured man and had him conveyed to his
home, where he will remain until lit to
resume work.
The accident by which Jenson got hurt !
occurred on the mating dock belonging !
to the Union Iron Works while the Pacitic j
Mail Steamship Company's steamer San |
Bias was being drydocked. The big ship :
was put on the dock all right, but no j
sooner had she taken her berth man it !
was noticed that two of the plungers aad j
given way, which had the ipffect of twist- :
ing the heavy iron and steel supports of ''■
the basin. It was while this strain was i
on the dock that Jenson got caught be
tween the ship and the side of the docK.
The steamer wa« got off the dock and
towed round to the company's wharf, i
where an examination will be made of her i
to ascertain if any serious injury was sus- '
tamed through the accident.
The only answer to inquiries at the '
Union Iron Works as to the cause of the
collapse was that it was some defe. t in
a portion of the machinery and that it did
not amount to much from a financial i
point of view.
IN GRATEFUL RECOGNITION.
Chaplain Clark Writes a Letter to
Friends of the Seventh Cali
fornia Regiment, U. S. V.
The following open letter, written by
Chaplain Clark of the Seventh California
Regiment, U. S. V., is self-explanatory:
CAMP PRATT, Los Angfles, Dec. 2: The
chaplain of the Seventh California Volunteers,
on the 4ay of the mustering out of the regi
ment, makes grateful recognition of many acts
of kindness uhown to the command. First
and foremost must be placet! the Bed Cross of
the State of California, especially its branches
In San Francisco, Oakland and Los Angeles,
who not only relieved the distress of the yiok,
but contributed likewise to the preeervafton of
many lives.
These generous acts of unremitting attention
must ever remain among our most sacreJ
reooUections. The society grandly fulfilled Its
mission to us, and was nobly true to the sign
of its badge and flag. Of those who minis
tered in other ways, und especially on the re
ligious side, grateful mention is made of St.
Andrews Brotherhood of the Episcopal Church
throughout the State, the Army and Navy
Commission, the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, the Catholic Aid Society, the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union an<l various benev
olent organizations. A bare enumeration does
scant justice to gifts and labors so abundant
and so generous.
The Seventh cannot but remember with
grateful hearts all these friends, who, unso
licited, proffered their aid and to the last con
tributed to our comfort and happiness. Not to
these poor words of thanks, but to the reward
of th» faithful must we point as the due recog
nition of these many acts of kindness.
WltH Christian greetings and with a soldier*
farewell, your friend and fellow-laborer,
ALFRED S. CLARK,
Captain and Chaplain Seventh California In
fantry. O. R. V.
WAR ON THE HIGHBINDERS.
Chief Lees Issues a Circular Forbid-
ding Murders and Robberies.
The special Chinatown squad under
Lieutenants Price and Esola made the
rounds of the highbinder rooms; again
last night, but were unable to find any
hatchet men. The dens visited were the
same that the police have raided a. num
ber of times betori , and from the appear
ance of th<- dens It is believed the fre
quenters have not returned to the rooms
since the last raid. .
Chief Leea, who is determined to put a
stop to the murders and robberies -in
Chinatown, yesterday issued the following
circular, copies of which, translated into
Cninese, were posted on the walls of Chi
natown:
To the Chinese: Reports come to my office
of much trouble existing in the Chinese quar
ter In the past three or four weeka relative to
highbinders' societies. It appears that the See
Tup Tongs, whose headquarters are on Clay
Etreet, detail members of their society to rob,
blackma.ll and boycott the Sam Yups and other
societies; also murders have been too frequent
lately. I, as Chief of Police of this city and
county, warn and caution such societies that
are engaged In boycotting, robbing and mur
der that such acts are contrary to the law of
this State, will not be toleratp<l any longer and
must be stepped; and It will be my duty to
cause the arrest of each and every one ; who
commits or Is suspected of committing any
offense as stated above.
It in to be hoped that all Chinese societies
will hereafter respect the laws of this oountry,
otherwise thny will have to take the conse
quences. I. W. LEE 3, Chief of Police.
Football at Vallejo.
The Alameda High School boys paid a
visit to Vallejo yesterday, and while there
entertained the boys of the high school
of that town In a game of football. The
kicking was spirited and well contested,
and while neither aide made a victory, the
score standing 0 to 0. yet the Alameda
boys succeeded in kicking the ball to
within two yards of the Vaflejo poal on
two occasions, while their own goal was
never In jeopardy.
The boys from the oak county chartered
the steamer Caroline, and with the band
of the Fourth I'nited States Cavalry made
quite a display on their arrival In the
town where Uncle Sam's ships lie at an
chor during peace.
Arrested for Burglary.
The residence of William Chadwlck at
314 Harriet street was entered last night
at 9 o'clock by Peter Johnson, who pried
open the window with a "jimmy," and
breaking open the wardrobe secured $15
in money. He was seen by Chadwick's
son as he left the house and the former
following him saw him go into a store
and purchase a pair of pants and shoes.
The son called Officers Rlordan and C.
Murphy, who placed Johnson under ar
rest. He confessed to the burglary, and a
charge of burglary wae placed opposite
his namv. Chadwlck * had befriended
Johnson for Borne time past, and had
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
fed and clothed him, and he took this way
of showing his gratitude.
THE PUPILS' NIGHT.
Residents of the Mission Enjoy an
Entertainment Given by Little
Ones.
A large number of the residents of the
Mission district assembled last night in
Mission Opera Hall to enjoy an enter
tainment given by the pupils of Miss E.
Best's Academy. The little ones gave
a programme of many numbers, which
was rewarded by much applause. The
following was what was presented, to
gether with the names of those who con
tributed:
Piano solo, "Valse " Miss Leo Wefels
burg; flag dance. . eight girls; mandolin
sextet, Mrs. Parker, Miss Leonore Eut
ler, Miss Leo Wafelsburg, Miss A. Best,
Miss E. Best, J. Boardman; gayety skirt
dance, Iva Parker; song, Lauretta Archi
bald; dance, Ruth Taylor; piano solo,
"Impromptu Valse," Miss Leonore But
ler; selection from "Mikado": Cast of
characters— Yum Yum, Alice Swanson;
Peep Boo k Elsie Burrlngton; Pitti Sing,
Iva Knowton; chorua of schoolgirls—
Grace Gimini, Mignon Gilbert, Annie
Kemensperger, Luriiene Swuanson, Geor
gic Bacon. Lucille Otto, Edith Grant,
Eda Windeler. Ellen Gimini, Erline Piatt;
George Parker, violinist; Hungarian
dance, Iva Parker, Ashton Boardman;
recitation, Erline Piatt; song and dance.
Lauretta Archibald; "Sailor's Hornpipe,
Ethel Howard Ashton Boardman; Span
ish dance, Erline Piatt, Harry Taylor;
skirt dance, Iva Knowlton; scarf dance,
sixteen girls.
McGLADE WILL COME BACK.
Extradition Waived by Anbroee'a
Absconding Deputy.
Peter W. McGlade, the absconding
bookkeeper in the Street Superintendent's
office, has waived the necessity of extra
dition papers and yesterday Chief Lees
received a dispatch from Deputy Sheriff
John Phillips of iteming, N. Hex., that
he wouid leave last evening with his pris
oner for this city.
Yesterday morning, acting under in
structions from the Chief, Detective T. B.
Gibson swore to a complaint in Judge
Joachimsen's court charging McGlade
with the crime of forgery. It was based
on a warrant issued by McGlade on the
City Treasurer August 31 for the payment
of %% to Thomas Dwyer, 844 Bay street,
for twenty-four days' work at $4 per day.
The names of Thomas J. Clark, Deputy
Superintendent of Streets, and of T. B.
McGlnnia, assistant clerk of the Board of
Supervisors, were forged to the warrant.
When the warrant was presented for
payment the name of Dwyer was added
to it.
In speaking of the case yesterday cnief
Lees paid that the only assistance he had
received was from the Auditor's office.
For some reason or other the Street Su
perintendent's office was taking very lit
tle interest in the case, and .iad compelled
him to get one of his detectives to swear
to the complaint.
Judge Belcher's Fureral.
The remains of Judge Belcher were in
cinerated yesterday in the crematory at
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery. The funeral
services were held at the Howard Pres
byterian Church at the corner of Oak and
Baker streets, and were conducted by
Rev. F. K. Ferrand. The church was
filled with the numerous friends of the
deceased, and although the family had re
quested that no flowers be sent many
handsome floral offerings attested the re
gurd in which his friends had held the
Judge.
Want Their Money Back.
Gottlob, Marx & Co. have sent in a pe
tition to the Board of Supervisors asking
that the city refund them $150 on the *309
license they paid on June 1 of this year
for the privilege of conducting the Bald
win Theater. The petition recites that
the Baldwin Theater was destroyed by
fire, that the lessees are now paying a
license on two other places of amuse
ment, and that, as their license was only
uped for half of the term, the city should
make the allowance prayed for.
Arrested On the Eve of Flight.
R. R. Duckworth wa6 arrested last
night in the Fairmount Hotel by Police
man Fraher and charged at the City
Prison with obtaining money under false
pretenses. The complainant is B. F. Pear
son, a newspaper canvasser. He alleges
that he loaned Duckworth $65 on the lat
ter's promising to secure for him a posi
tion in the Mint. He learned last night
that Duckworth was going to Mexico
without fulfilling his promise, hence his
arrest.
Alcatraz Parlor.
The social hop by Alcatraz Parlor, N.
ADVERTISEMENTS. x
. ■ ■- - _ ' ■ ■ y ' ' ' ■ '"■ _^ ■ I _ -^^' ' . * *^* ■'
| ELECTRICITY FOR WEAK MEN! j
MJ^^m I^^mh BS Elf H| B| VL^I HJ gj ■■ mm. »Jb BB ■» Efl bB mm. 'tt 88 y& n| la 18 Ej %^ CM "^* - i
| Men, Don't Be Weak— You Were Intended to Be Strong, and You Can Be If |
| You Will Fill Your Body With Electricity. |
i £ You can regain the vitality that has been drained from your system. Electricity rf£\
i E and vitality are akin to each other in man. A mild current will carry new life and energy „■&&£&— 4§SB^ ■3 ; -'
£: into the weakened organs and renew your vitality. There are 10,000 men who have regained f^^^^^^^^^^j^f^^^^l^i}^^^, 3.
£ the full power of manhood during the past five years by using Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. \^^^^^^S^^^^^^k 4SI» =3
]£ There are men who had spent from $5 to $1000 doctoring before they finally discovered *^^^M^^^^^^ wWW^L^,.^^^ l^'-^'
|E that drugs cannot restore vital power. Drugs do not give strength — Electricity does. 8^ '"SffS |gjfi^z^wj^g^ 3' :
IE That is why Dr. Sanden's treatment cures when drugs fail. ■ j4jgjgo&^^' • iBBf
I Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Cures.<fe!SCTprHJ| |
•^ It cures by restoring the lost strength. It assists the circulation and removes the -SS^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^mbM 3
cause of pain. Electricity is the cure to-day. It is successful after all else has failed. '^^^^^^^^ AH^^^^^^S^g illlfefe^
It is natural. It is the strength/the vigor, and, in fact, the very life in the body, and is a '^^^^^^^^jj^fi^^^^^^^^Sß^^fflif 3
wonderful remedy^when applied by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. *^^^^^^^ffl™^^?W!f^^Sffl!ffliiir ' '
I THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF CURES LIKE. THIS: «S^^P7? X '\ 'JiPf '' |
! £. SAN FHANCISCO.
! \ DR. SANDBN—DeaV Sir: lam willing to testify to the grand results I have received from : -following your advice and the use of your Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, tarn an en- 3 ■
t: glneer on the Southern Pacific Railroad and have been suffering greatly for the last three or four years with 1 lumbago, "dizztnesß, faint t and blind spells and i ._a- general . broken-down -^
g"* , feeling, which made It almost impossible zil me to make my run. I was advised to try one of your Belts, and did so. X. Jt has completely cured me of all my troubles after two ZS
g" months' use, and I can now make my run with the greatest ease. I have never had a pain or a bad feeling after days' use of the Belt, and I have more life in me than I have
•-. had for years. On meeting my friends they all congratulate me on looking so, well. I always f«el better and livelier than those around me. I will always advise my friends who are -<•
Sp: suffering as I waa to try your Belt, for I can lay my restoration to health to nothing- else than your Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. With kindest regards,. lam yours very truly. =3;
•— . . • !■■:, : s>. J. J.ROCKWELI*,'3OB%-Guerrero street. ' ;^". Z^ j
I IT WILL CURE YOU. 1
I== If you have Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or weakness in the nerves or vital ; organs send for this Belt. It will mak c 3
i % you strong; it will steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days. It is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause
i It costs little, is worth all that life is, for it makes life worth living. Don't be ignorant of a remedy that will correct all your past mistakes and 3
is= assure your future happiness. Don't delay; act now. ; Get the ; book, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men; tells the 3
I % cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. 5
j£lt is free upon application. Call or address ,';' i • ' ' j • ! z£L
E r*\ll> : r\ T^ K^l 7"\ Tyfr^TTTVI 702 7V\«rlc©t Street, f not in drug stores. f^i
JTV-* : /-"V© ■_ i I • Oril JL-JE2jI f Cor. Keamy, San FranClSCO. : ; Dr. Sanden's Electric' Belt in never 212 1
■ Office HourB-8 a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, CCalf. f 232 West Second street; Portland, J 0r.,/'253 : Washington street; : • VSLIILJ^w S t°™r offlr P by traveling =5 | ?i
fc; Denver, ••Colo.; 931 Sixteenth street: Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, MonW 110 North Main street. .  '',".• -.] agenm— omyai our omce. ... - _ SzS?
S. G. W., in Native Sons' Hall last Fri
day night was attended by about 150
couples, who enjoyed a well arranged pro
gramme of the latest dances. The hall
was very tastefully decorated with ever
greens, ferns and living plants and the
lights well shaded with red crepe paper,
producing a very pretty effect. The dance
was one of the most delightful that has
ever been given under the auepices of this
parlor.
CREEGAN IS A GOLD BRICK.
Chief Lees Does Not Know How to
Use the Forger.
In "Jimmy" Creegan, the forger, the
police have a guest on their hands who is
causing them considerable worry. The
police, after weeks of weary labor, finally
succeeded in worming the story of the
forgery from the lips of the prisoner and
now they are at a loss as to what to do
with him. Chief Lees, Captain Seymour,
Henry Ach, Peter Dunne and Henry Mc-
Pike met in Judge Wallace's chambers
yesterday mornipg to determine on the
final disposition to be made in the case of
the notorious "middleman." Lees stated
that Creegan 6hould *be leniently dealt
with and auked Mr. Dunne, Becker's at
torney, as to his opinion of the matter.
"You have taken Creegan as a witness
for the people," said Mr. Dunne, "and
you must now look after his interests."
Nothing was accomplished at the meeting,
which is amusing through the fact that
the prosecution should call upon the de
fense to help it solve the problem and es
cape from the, plight in which it finds It
self. Becker will not turn State's evi
dence without promise of reward, and if
he does turn State's evidence the jury
Mill not believe him, so the prosecution
has Creegan on its hands without the
ability to profitably use him. w
THEODORE FIGEL
NOW A FREE MAN
NINE CASES AGAINST HIM
ARE DISMISSED.
His Prosecution Cost the City Over
Ten Thousand Dollars With
out Any Result.
Theodore Fipel must no longer battle
with the law for his freedom. Figel was
acquitted some time ago of the charge of
murder against him, it having been al
leged that he was the slayer of Isaac
Hoffman, and yesterday Beven charges of
embezzlement and two of forgery, pre
ferred against him by the firm of Hoff
man. Rothchild & Co., were dismissed on
motion of the District Attorney.
The motion to uismiss the cases was
made at the direction of District Attorney
Barnes in a letter received by Acting Dis
trict Attorney Hinckle a few days a«ro.
District Attorney Barnes stated that in
his opinion no conviction In either of the
cases could be had, as the only witness
on whom the prosecution could rely for a
conviction was Hoffman himself, and a
bullet ended his life. Figel's name is
now. cleared from the criminal calendar.
Over $10,000 was expended by the city In
the prosecution of Figel without result,
and with no prospects of a conviction Dis
trict Attorney Barnes decided that It Is
to the best interests of the poople to dis
miss all cases against the accused book
keeper.
Durie Heither's Mother.
At a meeting of the Relief Association
of the Foresters and Companions of the
Forest of America, held last night, a
statement was made to the effect that
Mrs. Matt Heithier, mother of Durie Hei
thier, the young girl who on the Kith of last
month shot herself on account of an indi
vidual named Goorge Alexander, was in
destitute circumstances. The further
statement was maae that she is a member
of the circle of Companions of the Forest
of Sonora, and that shortly before the at
tempted suicide of her daughter her home
in Sonora was destroyed by fire. It was
stated that It was a case that called for
assistance on the part of the association,
and on motion it was voted to donate her
$20.
Inquiry at the German Hospital last
night developed the fact that while there
was no material change in Miss HeJthier'3
condition, little hope was entertained of
her ultimate recovers.
Bankruptcy Cases Adjudicated.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday adjudicated fhe bankruptcy
cases of Carl A. Hoen of Santa Rosa.
Hammit & McPike of San Francisco and
Charles J. Simon of San Francisco, and
granted them a final discharge In insol
vency.
AdvancPH made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
FLEET HARES
LEAD HOUNDS
A MERRY CHASE
Great Sport at Ingle
side Park.
LONG RACES ARE THE ORDER
FLATTERER BEATS HADIWIST
IN A GREAT CONTEST.
The Puppy and the All - Age
Stake to i>e Run To-Day
Have an Open
Look.
Sensational snort marked the coursing
at Ingleside Park yesterday. The hares
ran throughout the day as though they
were on their native heath at "Merced, and
led the fleetest dog on the coast a merry
chase. The average time of the courses
was over one minute, an unusuai period
on an inclosed field. The course between
Golden Russett and Fear Not required
three minutes and four seconds In Its de
cision; that between Depend On Me and
Woodbine two minutes and forty-five sec
onds, and False Flatterer and Hadiwist
two minutes and ten seconds.
The latter race was one of the greatest
ever seen at Ingleside Park. The Flat
terer was favorite, the odds varying but
little from 2 to 1. The hare was a clinker
and led the two fast dogs ail over the
field. It was essentially a contest that
the spectators could enjoy, the dogs for
a time racing out in front of the grand
stand. For a time the hare favored Hadi
wist, and the clever fawn dog ran up a
goodly number of points. The English
dog was not to be denied, however, and
once well on the hare he soon had a safe
lead on his opponent. This he maintained
to the finish, winning finally by the score
of IS to 15.
Next to this the great match of the day
was between Mac's Melody and- Young
America. The first time out they ran an
"undecided," wnich was but a short
course, and served merely as a "pipe
opener." The second time they had a long
bruising course and again scored an even
number of points. The owner of Mac's
Melody wished to withdraw her at this
point, but the rule of the park would not
permit him to do so. She proved one of
the gamtiat bitches that ever left the
hands of Slipper Grace. She won ulti
mately by a score of 19 to 7, aiier a run
of two minutes and forty-six seconds. As
though this was not enough for her, she
itarted up a loose hare before she could
be caught and coursed it across the field
until she finally ran herself to a stand
still. Her exertions in this course robbed
her of any chances she might have had
for the stake to-day. Bit of Fashion is
thought to have the best chance for this,
with Eleven Spot second choice.
The all-age stake has an open look to It
with such well known performers still In
as Moondyne, False Flatterer, Patria,
Billy Gladstone and others. The hares
and the dogs are running in such splendid
furm that the sport to-day should be of
the highest class. The summaries of the
races yesterday follow:
pp U ppv stake, first round— James Byrnes*
Eleven Spot beat W. Perry's Campania: T. J.
CronlrT* Arab beat J. Murnane's Flashing
L&ytr F. Moran's Bit of. Fashion beat H. A.
I_>eekelman"s Prince George; James Byrn»B'
Olympia beat Captain Clarkson'a Conqueror;
A Merrill' 8 Depend On Me beat J. McCor
mick's Woodbine; J. Murnane's Wolfe Tone
beat W. Sweeney's Nancy Lee; J. Dean's
Scout beat D. Woods' Black Nisrnt.
Second round— Eleven Spot beat Arab; Bit of
Fashion beat Olympus; Depend on Me beat
Wolfe Tone; Scout ran a bye.
All-age stake— O. H. Burflend's Royal Prize
beat P. J. G. Kenna'a O'Grady: J. Eagan's
Mayflower beat F. Moran's Flying Faster; P.
J. G. Kenna'B Royal Buck beat Captain Clark
son's I^ady Jane; F. Moran's Snapshot beat
Whallon & Shoemaker's Duke of Oak Grove;
P. J. O. Kenna's Flyaway beat P. Brophy'a
Benicla Boy; Bartel Bros.' Mind Your Eye beat
P. J. G. Kenna's Flying Buck; Eclipse kennels'
Diana beat D. J. Healy's Pastime; Lowe &
Thompson's High Born Lady beat Bartel Broa.'
Bull Hill; Penelope kennels' Las Palmas beat
P. O'Donnell's Counterfeit; J. Eagan's B.
Gladstone beat White Earth kennels' Soubrette;
F. Moran'p Golden Russet beat P. J. O. Ken
na's Fear Not; E. H. Mulcaster's Beau Peep
beat H. A. Deckelman's Pet Kirby; T. Shea'e
Rathbone beat A. Van den Burgh's American
Eagle; White Earth kennels' Lottie M beat J.
Dean's Brllliantlne; J. Dean's Moondyne II
beat WhaJlan & Shoemaker's Port Costa Lass;
F. Moran'B False Flatterer beat A. Maesey's
Had i wist; Lowe & Thompson's Patria beat F.
A. McComb's Rush o' Hill; Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal beat A. Massey's Llxhtfoot;
Nally & Morley's White Diamond beat G.
Swarfs Sllkwood; artel Bros.' Mac's Melody
beat J. Shea's Young America.
COURSING AT UNION PARK.
Nearly Two Score Dogs Participate in
the First Run Down of the
Reserve Stake.
A small crowd went out to Union Cours
ing Park yesterday afternoon to witness
the opening rundown of the dogs entered
in the Reserve stake. Thirty-six courses
were run with two doublets and the sport
was good, even exciting at times. Re
sults:
Reserve stake, first round— E & E Kennels'
Vigilant beat Curtis & Sun's Commodore; T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Ball beat W. J. Jones' Prlncr
Jerome; J. Seggerson-'s White Chief beat Handy
& Smith's Dauntless; F. Murphy's Gilt Edge
beat H. Webber's Montana; J. MeCormlck a
White Lilly beat J. Seggerson'.s Gold Hill; J.
McGr&th's Martyr ran a bye; McCollough &
London's Magneto beat M. Nealon's Pretender;
Yosemito Kennels' Beauty .Spot beat Euchre
Kennels' Ace of Clubs; Max Herzog's Little
Delight beat John Perigo's Belle Seward; Kua
eell & Wilson's Victor Queen ran a bye; Rus
sell & Wilson's Jennie Wilson beat M. Allen's
Miss Alice; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes
beat Dennis' Interesting; William Dofrmt's
Sarcastic beat Larkey & Rock's Hercules;
Pembroke Kennels' Magic beat J. H. Perigo's
Wayfarer; F. McComb's Royal Flush beat
Pembroke Kennels' Terrona; E. M. Kellogg's
Kid McCoy beat McCollough & London's Van
Neoda; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat George
Reddy'B Bernlce; G. W. Labsen's Preclta Girl
beat Eclipse Kennels' Eclipse; Russell & Wil
son's Glen Rosa beat Eclipse Kennels' Klllar
ney Lass; M. NetUon's Van Clole beat Euchre
KenneU' Left Bower; H. F. Anderson's Craw
ford Lad beat E. Price's Madge Wildfire; Lar
key & Rock's Liberty Bell beat Eclipse Ken
nels' Lenora; Yosemlte Kennels' Lamplighter
beat G. Hharman's Oleen; M. Nealon's Maid
of Erin beat F. A. Esqulvel's Peaceful Glen;
Gem Kennels' Skyball beat E. & R. Scott's
Beldom; Handy & Smith's Victor bf-at Max
Herzotr"s Lanky Bob; D. Ford's Bonita beat
(i & II Kennels' Dempsey Lass; D. Cronin's
Pwinnerton beat E. & R. Scott's Crusader; J
McNeil's Sportsman beat J. McGrath's White
Wedge; J. McCormkk'p White Tip beat G.
Sharman's Faultless Beauty; Curtis & Bon's
Blackette beat J. Monkhouse's Breach of
Promlxe; E. Brader's Magnus beat Yorkshire
Kennels' Hanfonl; Larkey & Rock's Emerald
beat D. Ford* Hayseed; Ed Wilson's Magnet
beat Mllo Kennel's Irrr.a: W. Creamer's Jersey
Lily beat T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee; Gem
KenneU' Sunburst bep.t Pasha Kennels' Santa
Alicia.
. The finals in the Reserve stake will be
run to-day, but the feature of the day
will be the Champion stake match with
the following prizes and entries:
Champion stake— s7s, f45; next two, $20; en
tries: George Whitney's Theron; E. & R.
Scott's ]U>rd Byron; A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty; Milo Kennels' Rock Island Boy; J
Connell's Senorlta- Pasha Kennels' Emln
Pasha; R. E. de B. Lopez's Green Valley Maid;
Euchre Kennels' Right Bower.
THEY WANT HYDRANTS.
The Supervisors Accused of Bad Faith
Regarding Bernal Heights.
At a meeting of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club last night a petition was
circulated among the members for their
signatures, requesting the Supervisors to
have ten hydrants placed at such locali
ties in the neighborhood as most neces
sary for the protection to dwellings
against tire.
The action of thn Supervisors in not ap
propriating a sufficient sum of money to
fill in Bernal Park was severely com
mented on by the members, as the board
had time and again promised to have the
waterhole obliterated before ■ the coming
winter rains make a lake out of It..
The club's executive committee reported
that the condition of the Bryant street
sewer is a disgrace to the city authori
ties, the sewage from the Columbia
Grammar School being permitted to drain
on the surface of the earth at the mouth
of Ihe open sewer. This filthy condition
has been reported to the health officials
and the members of the Board of Super
visors, but so far no notice has been taken
of it, much to the disgust of the residents
of the valley.
Ask Aid for Children's Hospital.
The Children's Hospital ta sorely in
need ol funds. Its managers appeal to
the public for assistance as a last resort,
and hope that funds sufficient to maintain
the institution for some time will be con
tributed. Many pitiful cases are being
treated under Its shelter, and it would
be a subject of regret if the good work
of the past years should have to be dis
continued for lack of money.
BRODERICK WARMS
THE CONTRACTORS
BIDS ON FURNITURE WILL NOT
BE LEGAL.
Board of Supervisors Had No Right
to Authorize the Furnishing of
the Hall of Justice.
The resolution of the Board of Super
visors which propose^ to make it possible
to expend $85,000 in furnishing the Hall of
Justice has brought Auditor Broderick to
his feet with the old-time light of battle
in his eye. . . . .
To all contractors who are attracted by
this fair prospect of big pickings he has
Issued his ultimatum.
Ii is to the effect that : the resolution
is illegal and that • contractor's Who may
be unfortunate enough to secure the con
tract will find- their claims stranded in
the Auditor's office.
In a nutshell Mr. Broderrck's warning; is
as found in the following short statement
made by him yesterday;
"The Supervisors lack Jurisdiction in
the matter, and, as. the building has not
beea turned over to them, they cannot fur
nish it without the authority 'of the .Legis
lature. If the contract is awarded It will
be illegal, and- the contractors may find
it impossible to collect any of their mopey
from the city."
SIGNIFICANCE OF THE WAR.
Professor Bernard Moses Lectures on
the Trouble With Spain.
Bernard Moses, professor of history and
political economy at the State University,
delivered an instructive lecture a^t the
Mechanics' Institute library • last night.
His subject was the "Historical Signifi
cance of the War With Spain." He began
by tracing the history of Spain's colonial
possessions in America:
"She had explored a large territory,"
said the learned lecturer, "and she failed
to hold it because she was greedy for
wealth and exacted tribute from her col
onists. She fafled because she was intol
erant and made religious belief a test of
good citizenship. The struggle for free
dom by those who were subject to her j.ad
been going on since 1810, and the last to
free themselves from her bondage were
Cuba and Porto nlco, and this independ
ence was brought about by the Lnited
States, who had takrn up the defense of
the weak.
"The significance of the war lies in the
fact that the Tnited States has not lost
its virility and is still possessed of a war
like spirit. Now that we have added the
West Indies and the Philippines to our pos
sessions it will be necessary 'to govern
people who are not suited to self-govern
ment. We c:innot do it in an -arbitrary
manner. When Havana and Manila are
wisely governed, if wo get better results
than in San Francisco and New York, It
will call in question the- policy of demo
cratic rule in our great centers of popula
tion. It may be that we will fln^ we have
built better than we knew if the govern
ment of these colonies is sin oessruL.
"As a consequence of the war we have
been drawn into a larger sphere, and our
minds have become broadened. Faith and
patriotism are the things most needful,
and every step toward acquired dominion
Is a step to greater power and a wider
sphere of b'.-neficent influence."
JOLLY BANQUETEBS.
The Delta Kappa Epsilon Fraternity
Makes Merry at the Palace.
The annual banquet of the Pacific Coast
Alumni and the Theta Zeta Chapter of the
Delta Kappa Epsilon -fraternity of the
University of California was held last
evening in the conservatory of the Par*
ace Hotel. Over fifty members partici
pated in the function, which was a bril
liant success. Warnof Gregory presided
and introduced the speakers, and the gle<3
club of the university sang a number of
college and topical songs that were great
ly enjoyed. A sumptuou3 feast -was served
and the evening was passed fn pleasant
social intercourse. The following toasts
were responded to:- "The New House,"
T. B. Bisnop; "Manila," Major Tllden, of
the First California Regiment ; "Alaska,"
W. A. Starr; "The Relations Between
Stanford and the University of Califor
nia," F. M. McFarland; "The Chapter,"
H. S. Symmes, and the "D. K. E. Club,"
C. H. B. Laughlin.
Banker Lazard Here.
Robert L,azard of Farls arrived on the
overland last night, and is registered at
the Palace. He is of the famous banking
house of Lazard Frores. which has an of
fice In New York. The house is one of the
strongest concerns in the financial world,
and has a world-wide reputation.
910
MRS. MENTEL
NOT CENSURED
BY THE JURY
Strange Story of the Young
Wife and Her Deadly
Revolver.
Friends of the Deceased Tell of the Secret
Marriage and the Subsequent Troubles
of the Couple.
Mrs. Anna Mentel, who aliot her hus
band in Alameda.- last Thursday night,
■was not charged with murder toy the Cor
oner's jury that investigated the case
lapt night. Little testimony was intro
duced tending to unravel the mystery of
the tragedy. Senator Guy C. Earl was in
attendance as the representative of the
. self-made widow. The verdict of
the jury -was an follows:
We, the jury, do find that the name
of the deceased was Wiiliain F. Men
tel, aged about 28 years, and that he
came to his death on Santa Clara
avenue, near Union street, Alameda,
Cal., at about 6:45 p. m., December i,
1898, and that death was causec by
a bullet wound in the head inflicted
by the hand of a woman giving the
name of Mrs. Anna Mentel.
E. J. Bevan (foreman), J. A. Mon
ro. W. H. Walter, A. Kist, E. B. Dun
ning. W. J. Kane. F. Furrey, G. F.
Weeks, W. G. Vallniar, George Clark.
All of the witnesses who saw the body
of Mentel where it fell agreed that the
right hand .was in the trousers pocket
and that he had fallen on a bundle and
in a position tending to show that he. had
been holding it under his left arm. This
combats the claim of the woman that de
ceased was in the act of choking her at
the time she fifed the fatal shots. An ex
amination of the pistol showed that three
cartridges had ' been exploded and two
had missed fire. One of the exploded
BbellS' Bhows unmistakable evidence of
having been struck twice by the. trigger
before it went off: The woman stated
at the Receiving Hospital that she had
lired five Bhota at her husband and one
at herself. Arthur Jenkins of 623 Tenth
stree'f, Oakland, testified that h»» noticed
her standing in the middle of ' the street
with her hands clasped to her head and
the blood flowing from a wound in her
head. . She said:
'Oh, my God. I have shot mv ' and
my husband, too. I wish you would take
•me somewhere."
After she was assisted into the ear she'
moan-ed, "Oh, my mother, forgive me, for
give me." She pointed to where her hus-
Jjand was lying on the sidewalk. Jenkins
found Mentel lying on his back across
the sidewalk, with his head In the direc
tion of the fence. He was still alive and
moaning. The blood was streaming from
a wound In- his nead. He. found the pistol
lying-near Mentel'a feet.
. OfHcer Conrad asked the woman who
did the shooting and she answered that
'she had. She was anxious to know her
husband's condition, and implored the of
ficer to go to him and ask him to for
• give her before he died. Conrad also tes
tified that when he examined the man he
took particular notice of • the fact that
his right. hand was in his nants pocket.
Dr. C. H. Lubbock testified that he
made only a superficial examination of
her wound. She refused to make any
statement to him at first, but begged
that he leave, her and go to her husband.
Later she told »nm that her name was
Anna Mentel, and that she was the wife
of the man she shot. In answer to a
question of Coroner Baiuwin the doctor
, said the woman was not under the influ
ence of liquor.
J. L. AnseJ. brother-in-law of deceased,
said none of his relatives knew that he
was married. To his knowledge, Mentel
had never owned a revolver. Dr. S. H.
Buteau. the autopsy physician, somewhat
surprised the jury by stating that the
wound over the man's heart was merely
a flesh wound, and in no case would have
' caused death. The bullet glanced on a
rib and imbedded itself in the right shoul
der. Both snots wre fired, in his opinion,
by a person standing to the right of tne
deceased ■■• the time of the shooting, and
the participants in the affair, from the
rang 2 of the bullet, must have been stand
ing on a level. The ! bullet that went
through the head penetrated the brain.
The doctor found that the skull of do
reased was-- completely shattered. It was
fractured in a mariner that n<* had never
known of before, and of which he could
find no parallel case in any medical work.
The least fracture was where the bullet
entered the. head, but the entire back part
nf the skull was splintered. The doctor
gale" this might have been produced by a
broad, blunt.-.instrument, of might' have
resulted . from the deceased striking the
sidewalk.; although the latter was higniy
Improbable. .All the wounds were powder
marked, and the clothing of deceased was
powder burned, indicating that the shots
were fired at close range. None of tne
relatives of Mrs. MV>ntel were present at
the inquest. No testimony was introduced
excusing her action, and the verdict of the
jury was a decided* surprise.
AVllliam F. Mentel, the man who was
phot and killed by his wife in Alameda
Thursday- night, had a large number of
friends in this city, who sßeak of the de
ceased in the highest terms. To several
of them he cdnfided the secret of his mar
. r\;.' and his : consequent troubles. In his
confession he alleged that his wife was
fiercely jealous, and gave him- no rest
with her Reless importunities. To his
bosom friei .il. D. E. Dlxon. of 206 Mason
street, he said that she had driv.en him
to oiarry her at the point of nor deadly
revolver and had been flourishing it over
him ever since the- ceremony. Mr. Dlxon
says the woman shot,. Mentel because he
expected to Join Dr.; D'Evelyn, who is
now trav*nng in the East .lecturing. lie
had wrilten to • the >. young .man a few
weeks ago stating-.tbat he would send him
money to pay his way as soon as certain
arrangements r had ;■ been perfected, and
Mentel .was looking for . this summons
every mail. Mrs. Mentel objected to her
husband*!eaving.;the State or going with
out her. and ; is said to have threatened
*jC^^jjjL : ' ' ADVERTISEMENTS. r '■'/_ '',''
A Few of Many
Good Things in -M
Silver Novelties
at Small Prices!
NAIL FILES- 514-inrh, sterling em- .
bossed handle ._ 45c
Button Hook to match 35c
Shoehorn to match 50c '
NAIL BUFFERS— Fine chamois skin
bodies, sterling silver top and
, handle. 7sc, 91.00, 91.50, 91.75, 92.00
MUCILAGE BOTTLES— Cut glass,
■with sterling silver tops 91.00, 91.50
INK WELLS— Cut glass, sterling sil-
ver top, yctra large 91.50
CELLULOID POCKET TABLETS-
Finished with sterling silver orna-
ments ....■ sOc, 75<\ 91.00
GLOVE STRETCHERS— FineIy em-
bossed, sterling silver handles 91-25
PEN KNIVES— Steel blades, sterling
handles 25c, 4Oc, sOc, 75c, 91 .00
POCKET STAMP BOXES— Sterling
silver, nicely engraved
75c. 91.00, 91.25, 91-5O
MATCH BOXES— Sterling. 9l.OO to 95.00
WILL& FINCK CO.,n*Z EL
to use her ready revolver before she
would see him go.
The importance of Mr. Dixon's state
ment demands that it be told in his own
words:
"1 have' known Billy Mentel for years.
He was born in tuis city almost 27 years
ago, his father, William Mentel, being an
old '4fier, who once kept a grocery store
at the corner of Broadway and Stockton
street The young fellow was honest, in
dustrious and as mild as a lamb, as all of
I his employers have testified. Soon after
i he mil Miss V th he told me of his fond
ness for her, but on account of her almost
i ungovrrnable u-mper he was afraid of
her. He often told me that she threat
j ened to shoot him, and that she had on
Beyeral occasions exhibited the revolver
I as an earnest of her words. He appeared
to fear her. and I rallied him on his lack
;of nerve before a girl. He would stand
with his hands in his pockets— his habit
; ual way— and shake his head doubtfully.
"On November 2 he came into my place
I and told me that lucy were going to get
j married. She was up on the next corner,
he Bald, waiting for him, with her pistol,
j ready t" kill him if he backed out. He
didn't have a cent, and she had driven
him down to my place to borrow money
for the trip to San Jose, where they in
tended to have the ceremony performed,
"lie pleaded with her. he said, telling
j her that he was penniless, but she was
inexorable and said the matter could be
! kept secret and she could live with her
! folks till affairs were in better shape. He
, also stated that she would surely do as
she threatened, and to save trouble or, at
j least, scandal, on the name of his four
s:.-iers he would marry her then. I gave
. him $12 and -they went to San Jose. The
I couple returned that day, not the third
' day. as she has stated, and Miss Mentel
i went home.
"1 can explain the matter of the mar
; riage certificate. Billy was anxious to
| have it returned to him secretly, so he
| sent for it, as has been stated, mailing
a plain envelope to Justice J. W. Gass.
not wishing that official to use a printed
envelope. His mail always came to my
place and his wife often came here for
letters from him. He also wrote to her,
addressing to 'Miss Delia Leslie.' at her
hairdresser's. The name Mantan men
tioned in the papers is a mere typograph
ical error.
"I can state from my own knowledge
that Mrs. Mentel shot her husband in a
quarrel over the fact that he was going to
join Dr. d'Evelyn in the East. He told
me that she had threatened to kill him if
he attempted to leave the State or if ne
did not take her. About 4 o'clock of that
fatal afternoon they were both in my
store. He was nervous and worried, and
she was watching him like a hawk, lac
told me privately that she was armed
and would use her gun on him if he tried
to get away from her. He had to go home
to Alameda, where he lived, and she was
determined to go across the bay with him.
She tried to keep him from talking with
me. and followed him around the *Tore,
Billy told me that it was the same old
row over his going East to Dr. d'Evelyn.
She thought if he left the State he would
not return, and she wanted him to get the
price of her fare from the doctor. Tfiey
left for the ferry, and that is the last I
saw of poor Billy Mentel alive."
Charity Bazaar Feature*.
There was an increased attendance at
the Charity Bazaar in the Pavilion last
night. The little folks had been there in
force in the afternoon, and the excellent
musical programme furnished by Noah
Brandt's orchestra and Miss Pearl Noble
called out the elders last night. Miss
Nina de St. Hubert again led tne orches
tra in the rendition of her new march,
"Greater America," which was repeatedly
encored. An entirely unique feature was
the exhibition of rapid sketching by
Charles Beale, the first number in the
sketching contest between five pictorial
artists of this city. To-morrow afternoon
Santa Claua wll lmake his appearance.
He will be a f-nical California Santa
("lavs and will add some new features to
the time-honored superstition. In the
f vening the formal opening of the bazaar
will occur, when all the -nibits will be in
place. A fine musical programme will be
presented by Brandt's orchestra, assisted
by Mrs. Noah Brandt, who makes her
first appearance as a pianiste.
All the Places Promised
Charles F. Curry. Secretary of State
elect, has received 4500 applications for
the positions at his disposal as Secretary
and member of the Board of Capitol Com
missioners and State Board of Examiners.
His staff of assistants has been selected,
and therefore he cannot respond favor
ably to further requests for official favor.
A Chanucah Festival.
This evening the Congregation Beth
Menachim Streisand will hold a Chanu
cah festival at 335 .1 nna street. Great
preparations have been made by Cantor
11. Samuels and choir for the event. Con
gressman-elect Julius Kahn will lecture
on ancient and modern history. Lucius
L. Solomon will also deliver an address.
Divorce Suits Filed.
James E. Miller has "applied for a di
vorce from Theresa Miller, alleging: de
port ion and infidelity as causes of action.
C!;tr;i Moody filed suit yesterday for a
divorce from L. A. Moody. The plaintiff
alleges failure to provide as a cause of
complaint.
THE TOP IS GOOD ENOUGH THEN.
Able Furst— There's no use talking, it's
always best to begin at the bottom of the
ladder.
Charley Tibbies— Yes, that's all right,
unless you happen to be escaping from a
fire.— Cincinnatti Enquirer.
HAIR BRUSHES— ReaI bristle, ster-
ling silver, back and handle em-
bossed 92.50, 93.00, 93.50
HAT BRUSHES— ReaI live hair,
sterling silver hacks
.-.<><• 90c. 91.25, 91.50. 92.00. 93.00
CIX)TH BRUSHES— AI bristle, ster-
llng'silver backs 91.00,
91.50, 92.00, 92.50, 93.00, 93.50
LADIES' BONNET BRUSHES— Ster-
ling ailver handles, with live hair.. 91.25
TuOTH AND FINOER NAIL
BRUSHES— Sterling silver handles.
: 50c, 7»c. 91.00
WHISK BROOMS-Sterling silver
handles, extra fine brown straw 75c
LADIES' AND GENT'S TOILET
1 < 'Mj:S— ltalian shell, extra heavy
eterllnK silver tops to match hair
brush .%Oc, 6Oc, 75c. OOc. 91.00
GARTERS— Fine silk elastic and
sterling silver buckle
91.50, 92.00, 92.50
SUSPENDERS-Fine silk webbing,
sterling silver mountings... 92.OO, 92.50
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
PEOPLE'S BANK DEPOSITORS
APPRECIATE CALL ENTERPRISE
SAN FRANCISCO, CaJ., Dec. 3, 1898.
Editor Call: On behalf of the thirteen thousand depositors of the de
funct People's Home Savings Bank we wish to express our appreciation
of the good work done by The Call in giving wide publicity to the vil
lainy connected with and preceding the failure of the People's Home Sav
ings Bank.
Whether the expose proves financially beneficial to the depositors or
not this committee feels a sense of satisfaction and vindication in the fact
that the general public will now have a better understanding of the
struggle we have had during the past four and a half years in the en
deavor to rescue the remaining assets from corrupt management.
The public will also see the animus that caused our persecution by those
in high places two years ago.
We hope The Call will continue the expose of the bank's affairs up
to date. Bad as were the wreckers of the bank we think the human vul
tirres who would feast upon the remains of the wreck are more despicable.
The same evil influences that came in power after the bank's failure have
a controlling interest in the stock to-the expose of the bank's affairs un
the remaining rascals from power the depositors will ever feel grateful.
Depositors 1 Committee of the People's Home Savings Bank.
EXAMINATION
PAPERS WERE
SOLD FOR COIN
Board of Examiners in
the Market.
BANTEL AS A PURCHASER
GRAND JURY SHOWS UP MORE
SCHOOL CROOKEDNESS.
Six Aspirants Who Obtained Their
Teachers' Certificates for $50
Each — Supplies Secured
Without Requisition.
Contrary to all "precedent the latest
Grand Jury Investigation Into School
Board crookedness is prolific of results.
Jobbery in all its profitable variety, mean,
petty larcenies and graver thefts have
been unearthed by the delving that has
been done these past three weeks into the
books and affairs of certain men who
have for two years made merry and
waxed fat over the sack of the public
schools. 4
So far as the Board of School Direct
ors is concerned it is the old, old story—
the selling of teachers' billets at fat
prices, the manipulation of department
stores, juicy contracts let to members ol
the combine and a dozen and one lesser
affairs of profit that, in the constant
light of larger propositions, have become
too insignificant to have general interest.
But the overhauling that the books and
numerous witnesses have had at the
hands of the jury's experts has involved
others than the Directors. That august
and virtuous body the Board of Exam
iners, which is supposed to pass impar
tially upon the examination papers of
the sweet girl graduates who aspire to
hold teachers' certificates and the chance
to ultimately yield up $500 to the Direct
ors for a job, have been caught in the drag
net, and if unlimited evidence and proper
law go for aught the jury's investigation
may land the culprits where they belong.
The average well-regulated Director
"don't like no cheap man." His minimum
is— or was— ssoo; but it's the last of the
season now, and he has dropped the rate
to $400 per single job. However, $400 is a
high pile when stacked up next to two
twenties and a ten, and $50 was the maxi
mum of the untutored and inexperienced
operator of the examining board.
The recent teachers' examination gave
the Board of Examiners its maiden oppor
tunity. The applicants were many and
anxious, and the word went out through
the medium of a Mills building "job
broker" that many of them were burdened
with a surplus of expense money. The
bait took, and after three days of clever
dickering six well-meaning but ill-advised
Eg women of this city yielded up to
jo-between $50 each. In return they
instructed to apply to the presiding
ipal, from whom they would receive
copies of the questions that would be pro
pounded at the coming examinations.
No paper changed hands on the trans
action and no other evidence of the job,
cheap as it was, would have existed had
not one of the fair aspirants, whose name
■>r the present withheld, applied to the
rig principal for her tip. The startled
essor was not one of the well Informed
he at once instituted an investigation
in which he persisted until called down
by his superiors.
Facts ascertained by him finally came
into the hands of the present Grand Jury
which, through a rigid comparison of the
examination papers, discovered the names
of the six who paid for advanced infor
mation. With these names in their pos
session the jurymen have been biding
their time against the day when one of
them should appear on the pay roll of the
department.
Not until Thursday was their attention
attracted by any unusual action on the
part of the board. On the morning of that
day a young lady, fresh from the presence
of Secretary Welch, appeared at Moulder
High School and informed the principal,
ftn.ss K. Brogan, that School Director
Hammond had sent her out with instruc
tions to Miss Brogan to place her name
upon her reports as one of the teachers
at the school, and ....at her name would
henceforth appear regularly on the sub
stitute list, which it now graces. Miss
Brogan declined to receive the new-made
substitute on any such irregular order
and sent her back to Director Hammond,
from whom she shortly returned with a
peremptory order to include her name on
the regular reports.
Although the name of the new Moulder
pedagogue made its sudden appearance
on the substitute list, the Grand Jury ex
pert has a copy of the list taken last
week, and if the two do not compare
summary action will be taken. Mean
while close watch is being kept upon the
names of the half-dozen in hand. It
was known to the jury that an attempt
was to be made at the last meeting of
the board to railroad into the department
a fresh bunch of substitutes, but prompt
action prevented.
It is anticipated, as the time grows
shorter in which the board must realize
its largest profits, an effort will be made
to stock the substitute rolls, as there is
a large number of anxious and willing
aspirants who must be placed before
January 1, in order that no pledges shall
be broken.
The investigation that Professor Kil
patrick has carried into the stores de
partment has disclosed a condition of
affairs that goes a long way to account
for the $300,000 deficit that the board will
leave as a legacy to Its newly elected
successor. It likewise puts Director Ban
tel in a decidedly unenviable position.
As the duties of Mr. Bantel in the un
salaried capacity of School Director and
chairman of the committee that does the
buying having increased, he has found it
necessary to sell out his modest bakery
on Larkin street and retire to private life
in a handsome flat at 1837 McAllister
street.
For nearly six months past Mr. Bantel's
sole duties have been the purchasing of
school supplies and guessing the winners
at Ingleside.
With what success he has acted In the
first capacity is demonstrated by the
amount of school supplies which Professor
Kilpatrlck has found stored in every nook
and available corner in the buildings of
the department. And for none of this sur
plus has a bill been rendered since the
t. h. McCarthy,
E. F. KENDALL,
T. S. WILLIAMS JR.,
BENJ. LUCY,
A. L. CASAVAW.
F. H. QUALMAN,
G. B. CONANT,
Grand Jury's investigation began; and to
all demands for bills Mr. Bartel has re
plied with a characteristic, "Go to ."
His plan, as developed by the Grand
Jury has been to honor a requisition for
fifty desks with seventy-five or 100 of that
article of furniture. A requisition for
forty-three typewriters at $70 each he re
plied to with eighty-three typewriters at
the same price. The machines needed fix
ing, and three or four operators have in
formed the jury that they offered to do
the work for $3 for each machine; yet tne
bill came in for $17 each, and in two cases
the repairs cost $65 for each machine, or
just $5 less than the price of a new one.
To the sewing classes Director Bantel
has been particularly attentive. The
young idea in San Francisco Is taught to
sew, as well as shoot, by hand. Sewing
machines do not enter into the scholastic
economy, yet Professor Kilpatrick has
discovered that the benevolent Bantel has
scattered them broadcast from his cor
nucopia of good things, and in every case
without requiring the formality of a
requisition. Roller top desks and expen
sive upholstered chairs for night school
teachers are other pet weaknesses of Mr.
Bantel.
Out at the Mission School the students
as well as teachers are provided with
dainty things in the chair line, some with
back of bronzed steel and leather cush
ions and no backs, but all of them ex
pensive.
The contractor from whom they were
bought got a dozen or so too many into
his order and as a matter of foresight
they were allowed to remain and become
a part of the requisition.
The extra stuff on hand, most of which
has been ordered without requisition and
for which no bills have been found in
evidence, will foot up according to the
evidence before the Grand Jury nearly
$100,000, and just now the question with
that body is the whyfore of the industri
ous and persistent buying of Mr. Bantel
and whether the profits of his erstwhile
bakery pay the expenses of the McAllis
ter flat and carfare to Ingleside.
DIFFERENCE OF OPINION.
A very charming St. Paul woman, who
makes her summer home at White Bear,
routed the police force of that village af
ter a very brief encounter recently.
Mrs. B. rides a bike, of course, and
when it became necessary for her to go
to the grocery or the postofflce, or wher
ever it was that she nad to go, she, of
course, mounted her wheel.
Now, at times, the streets in the village
of White Bear are not the real thing for
wheeling, and the town authorities know
the same. With a view to having fhe
streets pressed out flat by bicyclists they
have passed an ordinance forbidding any
one riding on the sidewalk.
Mrs. B. either did not know of this or
she did not care; she took to the walk
and rode downtown. She left her wheel
outside and went into a store, and when
she came out she found herself con
fronted by the dignitary who is the whole
thing in police circles — the man who i 3
to the Police Department what the lone
mariner was to the Nancy brig.
He said to the lady:
"You are under arrest." She looked at
him and made a dash for her wheel,
which he had captured. He retired be
fore the onslaught in disorder and she got
the wheel.
"I am what?" she demanded.
"You are under arrest for riding on the
walk."
"But I won't be under arrest," she said.
"But you are," he said.
"I am not anything of the kind. You
mind your own business!"
"But, mum. it is my business, and you
must go to the Justice's office with me
or promise that you will be there at 9
o'clock in the morning."
"I won't do anything of the kind."
"But I tell you 1 arrest you."
"And I tell you I won't be arrested.
There you are. Now what are you going
to do about it?"
"Oh, come on, now; come to the Jus
tice's office."
"I won't do It. I'll pay a fine if that's
what you want. How much is it?"
"I, don't take the fine. You must go
to the Justice," said the unfortunate cop
per.
"Where is the Justice, then?"
"He's down on the bridge flshln', I
guess. Won't you promise to be on hand
in the morning?"
"No, I won't."
"Then I'll have to arrest you."
"And I tell you I won't be arrested,
and I'm going home."
The copper scratched his head and took
ed as though he was going to make an
other sally on the bike. Mrs. B. got
aboard of the wheel.
"You're a nasty, mean thing, and I'm
going to tell my husband that you said I
was arrested," she said, and she rode off
and the copper went down on the bridge
and helped the Justice fish, and the
crowd that had gathered gave him the
laugh.— St. Paul Globe.
ROSAS.
For extraordinary, incredible, diabolical
wickedness the name of Rosas has become
a proverb in South America. It is barely
twenty years since he died; yet when the
people of the River Plate speak of him, we
soem to be hearing of some half-mad
Ethiopian Sultan, or hero of the "Arabian
Nights:" a creature of other clay than
ordinary men; a being half devilish, half
divine, slavishly worshiped by all, capri
cious, vindictive, ruthless, slaying in the
dark by some mysterious power his ene
mies, his refractory slaves and even those
who dreaded and hated in silence; not to
be caught unawares, proof against plots,
free from ordinary human infirmities,
knowing neither fatigue nor fear; violent,
too, and fantastic, striking astonishment
and a kind of superstitious dread by his
mad freaks, his dangerous banter- and
his fits of savage generosity or cruelty.
Such is the Rosas of popular tradition;
nor does the picture so drawn seem exag
gerated in the light of authentic records.
But Rosas was more than this; he it was
who gave the first real, solid government
to a young nation which numbers to-day
4.000,000 souls and has the largest city of
the Southern Hemisphere for its capital.
He practically secured internal peace
with brief interruptions— to a country
torn by incessant revolution and civil war
He was the creator of the Argentine Con
federation—by force, perhaps, but force
was the order of the day; and he arose
from among a crowd of caudillus, petty
chiefs, half-soldiers, half-brigands, mostly
as despotic in spirit, as regardless of law
and restraint, as contemptuous of human
life as Rosas himself. To him more than
to any one it is due that Argentina is one
country Instead of containing half a
dozen rival and discordant republics —
Cornhill Magazine.
THE MATTER-OF-FACT GIRL.
In the County of Wicklow lies the pic
turesque Vale of Avoca, famous in song i
Here is the confluence of two rivers, the
Avonmore and Avonberg, which bears
the name of "The Meeting of me I
Waters." Two British tourists chanced
to meet at this spot a girl bearing a
pitcher of water, of whom they inquired
the name of the river. "The Meeting "
was the prompt reply. "Oh! we know
that," quoth the tourists. "But what
river is it?— what name do you call it
by?" "Och!" said the girl, "I never call j
it at all; it always comes of itself." —
From the Spectator.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
MOCK AUCTIONS
AGAIN RfITHFR
THE POLICE
A Growing Evil to Be
Suppressed.
HOW THEY FLEECE VICTIMS
SELL TWO-DOLLAR THATCHES
FOR A LONG PRICE.
Many Visitors From the Country-
Help Support These Expensive
Establishments on the
Slain Thoroughfares.
The mock auction stores, which had
quite a vogue at one time, have been
multiplying of late, and complaints have
recently been so frequent at police head
quarters from persons who. have been
swindled that steps must soon be taken
to suppress the evil.
The establishments usually masquerade
as jewelry stores, and are confined al
most entirely to Market and Kearny
streets, where there is always a throng
of passers-by. The shrill voice of the
auctioneer is heard at all times, whether
he has a store full of customers or only
two or three persons. One can see at a
glance that the smaller the crowd the
less interest they take in the proceedings.
This is explained by the fact that they
are the cappers, or confederates, of the
auctioneer, and with no purchasers in at
tendance they have no duties to perform.
The number of victims who are fleeced
must be unusually large, as the rent of
the stores is heavy, and a large curps of
assistants is maintained. The goods are
of the cheapest variety, so that it is evi
dent on the face of it that the storekeep
ers are not seeking legitimate trade. One
victim of a Kearny-street house had a
watch and chain which he secured there
appraised. The chain and locket were
valued at $1 50, and the "gold" watch at
$2. The volunteer soldiers, especially
those from the backwoods, proved easy
prey for the swindlers, and left some o"f
their scant pay in the hands of these
"'sure thing" men.
The manner of swindling, as explained
by JR. Griffiths to the police, is one that
would hardly catch men versed in the
ways of the world, but might easily fool
strangers from the interior. Mr. Griffiths
was induced to bid $20 on a watch "just
as a favor to the house, as they wanted
the watch bid in." He did so and the
watch was handed to mm. Almost imme
diately a man who had bid $15 on the
watch created a disturbance, claiming
it was not a genuine sale, and that as he
was the highest bidder he was entitled
to it. In order to save the valuable watch
to the house the auctioneer asked Mr.
Griffiths to pay for it and the money
would be returned to him later. He had
$15, which he turned over, and the sale
was duly recorded. Shortly after the
auctioneer disappeared and Mr. Griffiths
tried to secure his money from the man
who took his place. He denied all knowl
edge of the transaction, affirming the
auctioneer had no right to promise the
return of the coin, and that it was a
legitimate sale.
Later in the day, in recounting his ex
perience to some friends, he found one of
them had been swindled in the same man
ner, and that by tne aid of an attorney he
had recovered the greater portion of his
money and had what he thought was an
order for the balance due him. Together
they went to a well known lawyer, and
Mr. Griffiths placed the matter in his
hands. They went to the store, and after
much parley the proprietor agreed to take
back the watch, to return the unwilling
purchaser $10 of his money and give him
an order for $5 more, to be paid when >fie
sells the watch for $10. Mr. Griffiths does
not expect that the watch will be sold.
THE POPE'S VALET.
Cavalier Pio Centra, the private serv
ant of Pope Leo XIII, hails from Car
pineto, the birthplace of his master. He
is more even than a faithful and priv
ileged servant; he is a constant com
panion. This intimate connection "with
his Holiness dates .back even before the
ascension of Leo SjiJl to the Papal
throne. Pio invariably sleeps in a small
chamber next the bedroom of the Pope,
and there is between the two so thin
a partition that he can even hear the
Pontiff's breathing. At all times he is
able to keep surveillance by the aid of
a little glass window which is at the
head of his bed. With the telephone he
is put in constant communication with
the Pope's doctor, Professor Lapponi,
who lives out of the Vatican. Besides
this eminent physician there are two
assistant doctors, who live in the palace
and have the care of the health of the
500 souls who comprise the population
of the Vatican. In the days of Pius IX
there were many more who made their
abode there.
Even now that the Pontiff is so old
and far from being robust he insists
on rising early. About 6 o'clock Cava
lier Pio Centra knocks at his door, en
ters, opens the shutters, and retires im
mediately, as his Holiness has never
liked assistance in his ordinary dress
ing, but lately he has had to give way
somewhat, and his valet returns to
buckle his shoes and tie the white sash •
he wears with his white robes.
At night very little military watch is ■
maintained. There is only a Swiss j
guard at the door of the Papal apart- |
ments; the gendarmes in the courtyard i
of San Damaso at the foot of the stair
case leading to Leo XIII's quarters; a |
detachment of firemen and a Swiss j
guard at the famous bronze door. The
watch is perhaps more strictly main- |
tamed outside by the Italian police all
along the Vatican walls.
By an arrangement between the po
lice and the Papal authorities a window
next the Papal apartments is kept open
during the day and closed at night, but
with a lighted lamp behind it. The ;
shutting of the window in the day or |
the putting out of the light at night |
means that something unusual has >
happened, and that help is needed. In ;
case of the illness of the Pope this
singular sign would mean that he is
dead. An Italian sentinel is continu
ally watching the window. However,
this did not prevent the mistake of
General Delia Rocca, Under Secretary
of State at the Home Office in the
Crispi Cabinet in 1878, who announced j
in the House the death of Pius IX five
hour before it took place.
PEBU'S NEW MONEY SYSTEM.
Our Lima correspondent, writing on
June 11, after describing the state of the
Peruvian currency previous to the pres
sent year and the determination of Senor
Pierola's Government to establish a gold
standard, says: "The Government plans
finally triumphed, although by a major
ity of only seven votes; and the follow
ing laws were passed: One continuing
the closure of the mint (to silver) and pro
hibiting the importation of coined silver;
another ordering the collection of Custom
house duties either in gold or in silver
plus a surcharge; another authorizing the
Executive to gradually convert its stock
of coined silver into bars for stile in Eu
rope in exchange for gold, applying the
above-mentioned surcharge to compensate
the loss caused by this operation; and,
nnally, another authorizing the Execu
tive to coin national money of the same
weight and fineness as English sovereigns
and to admit them both in all Government
offices as being equal to ten soles. With
this series of measures, which have been
warmly supported by the present Minis
ter of Finance, Don Ignacio Rey, Peru
has entered on the regime of gold, the
silver coin in existence being valued in
relation to gold at 31 to 1. and its coin
age will consist of a gold 'libra,' equal
to the pound sterling, and a silver 'sol,'
the tenth part of the 'libra,' worth 2s. It
is almost certain that Congress will pass
a law making the gold 'libra' the unit of
Peru."— London' Times.
IN VARIOUS PLACES.
Much interest has been aroused among
numismatists by news from Rhodesia re
specting the discovery of ancient Vene
tian coins in proximity to one of the
Mashonaland rivers. The coins in ques
tion have in the meantime been sent down
to Natal and submitted to expert scruti
ny at Pietermaritzburg, with the result
that casts of the originals are to be sent
to London. The coins have been declared
to be medals struck at Venice between
1570 and 1577 A. D. On one side is a figure
of St. Mark, with the inscription: "This
dukedom be thine, O Christ, and the giver
be Thine," while on the reverse are three
figures, two in a kneeling, position, the
other upright, with a halo, on which the
inscription is: "The Doge Aloys Moceni
go, first magistrate of Venice."
An original form of advertisement
comes from Russia, where a shopkeeper
posted up the following announcement:
"The reason why I have hitherto been
able to sell my goods so much' cheaper
than anybody else is that I am a bachelor
and do not need to make a. profit for the
maintenance of a wife and children. It
is now my duty to inform the public that
this advantage will shortly be withdrawn
from them, as I am about to be married.
They will, therefore, do well to make
their purchases at once at the old rate."
The result was that there was such a
run on the shop that in the course of a
few days this shopkeeper had made
enough money to pay the expenses of his
wedding on a very lavish scale.
At Kroonstad in the Orange Free State
it is the custom to send a native handbell
ringer around the village to announce
what entertainments are to take place.
The Kaffir boys are not especially pro
ficient in English and usually their re
marks are confined to a repetition of the
one word "Good." Recently a famous
English concert hail singer was billed to
appear there and the natice met her on
the street and did not recognize her from
her portraits. He wildly endeavored to
make her attend her own performance.
He was asked: "Does she sing?" "Does
she dance?" "Is she married?" and so on,
to al lof which he grinned sweetly and an
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK MEN,
Men Who Are Debilitated
And Men Who Are Afflicted With
Contracted Ailments
Should Not Experiment or Delay, but
Consult the Tin)e-Tried Specialists for
Meg, Dr. Meyers & Co., 731 Market St.
Dr. Meyers & Co., Established 1881.
There are many good reasons why these physi-
cians have attained their present high standing. Each
member of the staff is endowed by nature with all of
the many qualifications which arc necessary to make
a successful physician. All are regular, graduates
from the highest medical colleges in the land, ail are
devoted to the art of healing and restoring afflicted
men; all are conscientious, careful and painstaking.
Their great medical institution, which is the largest
in America, is equipped with the most modern appli-
ances and apparatus that can be procured. Their
laboratory is supplied with REMEDIES THAT CURE.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have learned by vast experi-
ence that it pays to cure their patients. One man
who has been restored to health and strength is
worth more to the doctors, as an advertisement,
than many columns of newspaper space.
These Renowned
Nervous Debility;
Partial or Complete
Loss of Vital Power;
Wasting Weakness;
Lost Vigor, etc.;
All Cures As Lasting As Life.
Patients May Keep Their Money
Until they are cured. Any man applying for . treat-
ment who has the least doubt of their ability to cure
a contracted ailment, or to restore complete or par-
tial loss off vitality, may deposit the price of a cure'
in any bank or with any well-known business house
or newspaper in San Francisco, such deposit NOT to
be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the patient is con-
yiqeed that he is permanently cured. Payments may
be: made in monthly installments, if preferred. ■ • • f>
Free Advice and Private Book— Home Cures. -
" ; All Dealing and Correspondence with Patients Sacredly Confidential
Thousands cured at home eveFy x year. No Printing on Envelopes for
Packages to show who sept them. Write for question list, treatise
on ; diseases of men, and book for men only, if you cannot call
DR. MEYERS & CO,
731 Market Street, San Francisco. /
.I. TAKEELEVATOE. K S.^^1 allV -' •2* V
• --Y-:-- ../:•:■■:::;:■: ;. .:. \ .;(. Sundays. i 9 to li. ; ■ •• • ,':^... r :
swered "Good." At last he trotted away
ringing his bell vigorously yvith the air
of having done- his whole duty.
LAW'S MAJESTY IN ATLANTA.
They stood before the Recorder's- court
in Atlanta, Ga., two mites of darkies with
faces tear-stained aad miserable. The
Judge looked colemrly down at these
small bundles of misery. Then he spoke:
"Upon whatcharge are these prisoners
'"Flghtinl.'s'ir." answered a burly officer
of the law. • .
The Judge 'aid a smile behind a hand
kerchief Kb he mopped his face. Then he
again opoke and this time the sound of
his vc ice brought terror to the hearts or
the (Jininutive culprits.
"T -11 me about it," and his eyes rested
upoi the larger of the two boys.
The face of the prisoner took on an
ashe-i hue; then he stammered forth:
"An". Jedge," here the small voice took
on a tone of intense excitement, "dis here
r.iggah,.ht come up ter me a-n' he say,
'Gimme piece er pie. Yer no gimme I tek
hit.' Den he come close ter me an' stick
out his han' same es if he gwinter tek hit
anyhow. I shov him off. Jedge. do s all
I did. I clar 'fo' gracious hit is. Den,
Jedge, dis yere niggah he let his arm fly
out an' hit me on de mouf an' mashed my
pie all ober ma face. Fi' cents worth er
pie, Jedge, all mashed ober ma face! Den,
Jedge, 1 slung him down an' beat nim
good, fer I wuz pow'ful mad. Yer doan
blame me, Jedge, do yer?"
"Is this true?" said the Judge as he
looked at the other prisoner.
"Yes, sah," was the frightened reply.
"How much money have you?" and. the
Judge's eyes remained unmoved.
'.'Ten cents, sah," came the answer from
prisoner number two. . '..■
"Give it to that boy!" The voice of the
court sounded stern aaid unrelenting.
"Give the 10 cents to that boy, I said!"
thundered the Judge.
X very dirty pocket was p»H<>d wrong
side out in the successful »ear< h for the
required dime. Then it exchanged own
ers, while black looks of baffled rage went
get!" said thn Judge, "and never
let me see you here againP'
The dusky figures quickly dißappeared.—
New York" Sun.
Specialists Cure
Contracted Ailments,
Whether Recently
Acquired or of
Long Standing;
Blood Poison, Etc.GILT EDGES
WON ANOTHER
EASY GAME
Florists Gathered In
Without Trouble.
WHALEN WAS AN EASY MARK
STARTED IN WELL, BUT EASED
UP IN HIS WORK.
A Listless Game at Recreation Park,
Although a Few Sensational
Plays Aroused the Spec
tators.
By Joe Corbett.
There was a time during this season,
which, by the •Ray, is almost at an end,
when- the Florists of San Jose were looked
upon as the o:ily team outside of the pres
ent leaders capable of putting up a clever
gatne of baseball. T'nder the guidance of
McGttckeo they attained an enviable
standing in the championship race, and
for a time were eonsidereu by many as
having an even chajice for the pennant.
They then played with a vim and dash
characteristic of the Gilt Edges, and were,
pushing that club hard for first position.
I berg held down the pitcher's box for
thorn and was, in reality, their mainstay..
All was not roses and sunshine, how
ever, for one day Mr. Iberg deserted th£
Shortly after the Florists, hit the
san and have been see-sawing with
r since. ■ • •
"» esterday afternoon at Rpcreation Park
the ill luok that has been-Uwtfr lot of late
;rcdomihant. . For a few innings it
remained entirely invisible and then put
in an appearance in so horrible a manner
that It must have galled the entire team, j
Ip to that time the Florists had scored!
•the only run of the game and were doing j
famously. Whalen was simply invinci- j
■bTei, and all hands set themselves for one
of those two to one games. It -really
looked it. and how the fans and saws did
pull for the Florists.
Of a sudden, however, the leaders woke
up, as it were. They lit on to Mr. Wha
len's shoots in the fifth, sixth and sev- j
enth Inning?. Two-baggers and singles 1
bpcame so numerous that Scorer Staple
ton was bewildered temporarily. And
when the rush was over eight runs had 1
been rolled up by those pennant cinch- I
ers--a lead too difficult to overcome, and j
in consequence .he once famous Florists j
went down iugloriously to defeat.
They attempted to rally hi the eighth. '■
but the attempt,- which took on the ap- i
pearance at the outset of a well meant
spurt, dwindled down to a proposition j
such as needed but runs. And so ended
the game, with the leaders still in the
lead, and from present indications they
will hold their position when the final
count is recorded.'
The Florists did not play as they did
in those days not long passed, whentheir
pennant chances were bright. The life
and interest was not there and likewise
the material. Even McGucken did not dis- j
play that determination which generally
characterizes hJs \srork.
And the Gilt Edges— as far as life
..and vivacity are concerned, they were as
: devoid of it as were the stands of howl- :
..ing.- fans. They did' not wake up until j
.the tth inning, and even after securing'
the big winning lead they played • only
'as a matter of form.
• : .The game taken in its entirety was a I
listless aftiiir, more so, I presume, on ac
;. count of the small attendance. However,
there were dnough brilliant plays of the
individual order to ease the . situation,
Kiqht Fielder Foley. of the Florists car
rying off the honors in this respect. His
play comprised., a running catch and
throw, completing a double play. Egan,
MeGucken and Peeple* are next in or
der, and each is deserving of special men
tion. Doyle. »as usual, pitched a steady
game, allowing his opponents but six hits.
The score is as follows;
SAN jose".
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hopkins, 3b 5 . ] 10 8 0 0
Fyne, 1. f .- 4 0 1 o 1 0 0
Reiily, 2b 6 12 0 13 2
MeGucken. c. t 4 11 0 2 l'i>o
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0(00
Eagan, 8. a i 0 10 440
Foley, r. f 40 0 0 10
Kent, c 2 0 0 0 4 2 Q
Whelan, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 36 3 « 0 27 12 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mcllale, 1b..;. 5 1 1 0 10 0 2
Pe?ple3, St> 8 0 10 12 fl
Doyle, P 5 110 0 4 0
Stanley, c 2 2 0 0 6 2 0
Lochhcad, s. s 6 2 3 0 5 2 2
%; ADVERTISEMENTS.
I "WE CUT THE PRICES— NOT THE QUALITIES OR QUANTITIES." I
a . Try us with the acid of competition — We know we will stand the test. H
j-H^RUG COMPANY, . » I
| 1128 MARKET STREET, between Mason and Taylor, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. §
H' • .' You'll scarcely need any spurring or urging other than the quoted H
H prices— Prices that ought to make the thoughtless think. H
I PRESCRIPTIONS EVERY TOILET Fo^ the armory of I
H T?TITT?n AT doctors fc^.-^rVi PfinnQ thereflfi and taste- H
|I iILLIU Al prescrip- fjSJi^^y\ uUUJJO f u | lady. If
1 CUT RATES. tions filled V^jJT^A Cjr^ Can't we re-fill your armory? ; p
I with Ppri " HviLAwik.3f FINE IMPORTED TOILET SOAPS 1
£l UT ottr^tor^ 1 ' MM M FINE IMPORTED TOILET SOAPS
H 111 1 I >^M^T Richard Tttrtt (Parii) Brandi. t|
I PATENT T Thh h "S SJ^^^KSpeßlancO^p 1
i-VffmPTNF<? °,Nt, nt ,f SKSSsS'y Lilac Blanc g
I "■MJ!.DItIHJ!ib. alone w.ll pay i 'Jrfg-gA : Vio'ette de Nice A Cake 1
the car'are. v^w*Esxt/# LaXe '
I PHnTORRAPH Celluloid fflilli? SACHET The very best. •'
I .?2mio. frohtMd • TiSlw«* POWDERS cV per
I ALBUMS. back-dam- ruUJiJano odors, ,55 C OZ .
I ty designs'. This same Album
I it sold as a spec al in other <^|.00 : PERFUMES — - Th « good, strong, triple
-P stores at $1.50. Our price ... *47l . extracts, -3er^ an M
X our own goods... %JOC ounce B
§ We're a/ways glad to have unbelievers vitit us. It's a pleasure to undeceive them @
I . • —to open their eyes with fads. WE ARE CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS. M
THE OWL DRUG COMPANY 1128 Market St., S. F.
: — — , - ,■■... '■ — — — — — ?
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
GRAND OPENING
CHARITY BAZAAR
- . AND
CALIFORNIA MUSICAL CONTEST
Musical Programme by Noah Brandt's
Orcbes ra,
ASSISTED BY
PROFESSIONAL TALENT I
;
"""»' '4'DMisBl6N. ; 25 CENTS.
Walker, c. f 4 1 2 0 2*l 1
Denner. 2tT. f 0 1 1 2 4 1
Borland. 1. f 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Stiannahan, r. f 8 0 0 0 .2 0 1
Totals 34 8 10 1 27 13 7
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento , 00 0 0 13 4 0 0-r 8
Base hits 0 0 0 12 5 4 0 o—lo
San Jose 1 00000020— 3
Base hits 3 00001020—6
. summary:
Runs responsible for — Doyle 1. Whe'.an 7.
Two-base !iits— Hopkins. Reilly, Egran, Walker.
hit— reepk-s. Base on errors— San Jose
.". Bacramtnto 'X. Bases on balls — San loot -.
Sacramento Loft on bases— San' Jose 9, Sac
ramento 8. Struck out— By Doyle 4. by "tt'helan
4. Double plnyF— Fo'ley to Hanlon; Egan to
Reilly. Pilssed ball— Stanley. Time of game
1:40. X T mplre— McDonald. Official scorer— J.
W. Stapleton.
SACBAMENTO VS. WATSONVILLE
They Will Play To-Day at Recreation
Park.
The Gilt Edges will cross bats with the
"Babies" from AVatsonville to-day, but
Mr. Jimmie Hughes will not pitch as was
announced. However, the contest should
be an excellent one, as Lang. Mertes, Mc-
Ha!f\ Berkley and Chance will be in the
grume. Come and see all- these Eastern
stars bunched together. The lineup is as
follows;
Sacramento. Positions. TVatsonville.
Stanley Cafher Chance
Harvey.... ...Pitcher ..*:■ Baltz
Beck ley : Firsti rst- base L.ange
McHalc..., Second base Franks
Peeples". Third base ...McCarthy
Liockhrad... Shortstop Mertes
norland Left field Haye«
Wai ker Center field Palmta?
Doyle ...Right fleld. ..Peters
CORBETT MAY BOX
JIM JEFFRIES HERE
.
NEGOTIATIONS PENDING JTOR A
MEETING BETWEEN THEM. ...
The Match Between the Southern Cal
.ifornia Heavy-Weight and Joe •.
Kennedy of This City
Hangs Fire.
Jim Corbett's next appearance- in the
ring will probably be in this city, and
his opponent will be big Jim Jeffries, the
hard hitting Southron, unless all signs
fail. .
Billy Delaney, acting for Jeffries, has
tacitly agreed to the match, with the pro
viso that hi? hard hitting pupil must first
carry out his engagement with Joe Ken
nedy. This latter is still in the air,
however.. and may not be brought off. The
first setback it received was on Friday
at the hands of the Health and Police
\ Committee of the Supervisors. A permit
Vrai asked for but was refused on the
> ground that the application was vague,
many required details being omitted. The
ciub will have another inning to-morrow,
when the matter will come up at the reg
ular meeting of the board and will be set
tled once and for all.
Friends of Delaney have advised him to
give up all luea of the meeting with Ken
, nedy and to devote his attention to the
matching of Corbett and his protege.
They have pointed out to him that in
such a match lie glory and money, espe
cially if arranged before interest in the
game commences to wane because of too
many matches. It has been pointed out
that three bouts in the last week of this
t month is rather pressing the limit.
No offer has as yet been made for the
l match, but it is understood that both the
I Olympic and the National Club would not
be averse to handling it. Delaney is
known to he k ndly disposed to the Olym
'. plans, while Corbett is thought to lean
; toward the National.
Corbett is apparently anxious to retrieve
the reputation he lost owing to the un
satisfactory ending of his bout with Shar-
I key in New York, all the men in th<?
heavy-weight division Jeffries seems most
: anxious' to fight, hence the overtures for
I a meeting with him.
Xiurline Salt Water Baths,
Bui;h and Larkln st». Swimming, I'.ui .lan, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater < Irect fr jm ocean.
Wrecked on Lewis Island.
Seymour C. Marcuse filed suit yesterday
Ogalnrt the Pacific Coast Steamshio Com
pmcy to recover $26,000 damages. Marcuse
was a passenger on the ill-fated Corona,
! wiuch was wrecked on Lewis Island, near
the coast of British Columbia, on January
23 last. He managed to reach land and
• avers that for five days he was exposed
. to the ravanges of the weather without
shelter or food. In consequence he seeks
j to recover damages to in a measure com
1 pensatchim for his sufferings.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1917-1023 Mission.
Mrs. Schneider Convicted.
Mrs. Marion Schneider. Ifi2s Steiner
street, was yesterday convicted by Judge
Mogan of disturbing the peace and was
ordered to appear for sentence to-mor
row morning. Miss Cantor and Miss Kit
ty Miller, salesladies in Mrs. Kahlcr's
millinery store, 909 Market street, testi
fied that Mrs. Schneider had created a
disturbance on more than one occasion
in the store about the feather which she
alleged had been taken out of her hat
and Thursday she was very abusive and
stood on the street advising ladies who
passed not to patronize the store, there
by collecting a large crowd.
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICE,
*TSc : Per
im Gallon
Bedu o«d ; from ' $1 ; 25 • per ' gallon.
Color ■ Card • Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It .
BUSWELITPAINT CO.,
302 Market St;;; Cor. v Front, S. F.
. THE SAN FRAtf CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
SAM McKEEVER
FINALLY HIT
HIS GAIT
Won a Stake at Odds
of 25 to 1.
LA GOLETA IS A FLYER
MADE A CAKE-WALK OF THE
HANDICAP.
Sport McAllister Downed His Field.
Frohman Was a Gilt-Edge Tip.
Five Favorites Finished
in Front.
The Saturday crowd at Oakland track
helped themselves to the bookmakers"
coin again. It also spread the coin about
on. two or three good things that did not
win. Had it not been for the victory of
the outsider Sam McKeever, which cap
tured the Produce Exchange selling stake
for two-year-olds, at odds of 25 to 1,
many of the books would have had a
rough time of it. There wore six starters
in this event, and the ring 1 was flooded
with Gauntlet and Hortorv money. The
former colt opened an even money favor
ite, but the stable did not fancy him to
any yreat extent, and his odds receded
in the betting. Horton, with Nash Tur
ner up, was backed down from threes to
9to 5. The race was a peculiarly run one.
Gauntlet was in front to the stretch.
Around the far turn there was consider
able crowding and bumping, Horton and
Casdale faring badly. 6nce started for
home, Ivy Powell shook Sam McKeever
up and, at the weights, he showed to be
best, for he rapidly strode to the front,
beating Limewater, with Spencer in the
saddle, a length in 1:14. The favorite ran
poorly after being interfered with, and
was downed for the show by Gauntlet.
Aside from this slight mishap, the first
choices tramped o'er a bed of roses. The
fields were selected and well classed, and
the sport was of the best. The attend
ance, though, showed a falling off.
The best performance of the afternoon
was that of La Goleta, winner of the mile
handicap. Carrying 110 pounds and Joe
Piggott, the mare started a 6 to a favor
ite, and was never headed, stepping over
the line in 1:40 flat. Cromwell ran a game
race, taking the place in a drive from the
outsider Topmast.
In the opening six furlong jaunt, Peix
otto -mixed up with a very ordinary set,
.and backed from 7 to 5 down a point or
so, experienced little difficulty in leading
Novia out at the wire. Good Hope w;.s
third.
The sprint over the Futurity course for
two-year-olds was a very open betting
affair. Rio Chico was away well, and
never in difficulty, won all out, half a
length before Crossmolina.
In tiie third event, at six furlongs, Sport
McAliister looked to have the speed of
the pafty, and was properly installed fav
orite. He managed to get to the judges
first in a hard drive, half a length in ad
vance of Mamie G, which mare was beat
en through interference. Alicia came
from the rear during the early stages of
the running, and finished a good third.
The last of the menu furnished an op
portunity for Frohman to make hia debut.
Trained by Mike Daly and Add en by
Johnr.y Daly, the cousin of Danny Maher,
the gelding was hammered down In the
books from 6 to 1 to 2 to 1, and won all
the way. Imperious, by hard riding on
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, Dec. 3 ; 1898.— Eighteenth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
Q(~l 1 FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
288 l'elxotto, 5 114 2 ... lh 12 13 14 N.Turner 6-5 6-5
28S Novia, 3 109] 3 ... 2 1 2h 2h 2 1 j Powell 12 15
2F7 Good Hope, 2 86 6 ... 5h 42 42 32 Ward ' 1 7-5
268 Jack o' Lantern, 4.. 114 1 ... 32 82 32 42 Jones 30 200
252 Hemera, 2 87 7 ... 82 52 63 53 Nash 15 20
172 Homestake, 4 109 8 ... 72 61 B5 66 Mrßee ... 20 40
2fco Ballister, 3 103 5 ... »6 hi 8 3 8 3 710 J. Daly 60 300
254 Earl Islington, 2.... 89 9 ... 9 9 9 825 Stlmpson ....'. 20 40
284 La Parasseuse, 2...86 4 «.■ 4hi 72 72 9 Coburn 30 200
Time. I:MH. Winner, J. J. Coalter & Co.'s eh. g. by Imp. Brutus-imp. Kelpie! G^od
start. Won easily. Second and third drivins. v OT
Pelxotto fell heir to a legacy. He outclassed the somber lot opposed to him Novia
ran right to form. Ward's rid« afforded no hope. Lantern will soon be due at a shorter
routf. Ballister ran well until she stumblod. Nash ought to be sent to school
2
3
6.
1
7
I
5
9
4
1 h
2 1
5 h
3 2
8 2
72
1*
4 hi
1 2
2 h
4 2
5 2
5 2
6 1
8 3
9
7 2
1 3
2 h
4 2
3 2
5 3
c 5
8 8
9
7 2
14
2 1
3 2
4 2
■53
6 6
7 10
8 25
9
N. Turner
Powell
Ward
Jones
Nash
Mcßee
J. Daly
Stlmpson
Coburn
6-5 6-5
12 15
1 7-5
30 200
15 20
20 40
60 300
20 40
30 200
OAO SECOND RACE— Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); selling- two-
%9\JJZi* year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
v,m.
Hm.
%m.
Str. Fin.
257 Rio Chico 103 1 ... 12 12 1% \hi Beauchamp .. 5-2 7-2
289 Crossmollna 106 3 ... 31 3% 4V> 23 Spencer.... 6 s;
28» Lothian 103 5 ... 2 1 2 2 22" 3^ Woods 5 5
291 anchored 107 7 ... 4h *hi ' thi 44 Rutter 4 4
284 Relna de Cuba 106 2 ... 7 shi 6 2 5 1 E. Jones 5-2 7-2
280 Peter Weber 10614 ... 5% 63 51 63 N.Turner 6 8
256 Gilt Edge 98] 6 ... 6 1 7 7 7 Powell 60 100
Time, l:10H. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. g. by imp. Chesterfleld-Jennle d! Good
start. Won first three driving.
R'o Chlco got best ride. Crossmollna is beginning to hang on. Anchored was away
poorly. Cuba is one of the Baldwin relics, and ran like a burled card.
1
3
5
7
2
4
6
1 2
3 1
2 1
4 h
7
5% .
6 1
1 2
3 hi
2 2
4 hi '
5 hi
63
. 7
1 H
* hi
2 2
3 hi
6 2
5 1
7
1 hi
2 3
3 hi
4 4
5 1
6 3
7
amp ..
es
ncr
5-2
6
5
4
5-2
6
60
7-2
5
5
4
7-2
8
100
I
OAO THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
him.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
292 Sport McAllister, 6.1071 3 ... 2h 11 13 IV4 Spencer .....;. 8-5 8-5
165 Mamie G, 5 104 1 4 ... In 6H 3 3 2 8 E. Jones 4 7-2
273 Alicia. 5 104 9 * ... 81 21 23 ihi Powell. 6 12
286 Fiandes, 3... 103 5 ... 9^4 •' 84 : 6V, 4 4 Bullman ...... 6 7
2*) Fig Leaf. 4... .109 8 ... shi 5h 82 6 1 Hennessy ..... 10 20
185 Hanzanilla, 4.. 104 6 ... 10 8»4 7 1 6V4 O'Neil ..10 30
294 R, de L. Angeles, 3. 99 7 ... 71 41 5 171 Dev1n:. ..;..... 7 12
290 Roadwarmer, 5.....104 2 ... 2 M 3h 3»4 .8 1 - Ames . ;.. 15 s
182 Pat Murphy, 6..... ".104 4 ... 6h 10 9 2 9 4 H.Martin..... 10 20
274 Graclas. 3 99]10 ... 4 1 7 % 10 10 Weber ........ 80 100
Time, 1:14>4. Winner, J.H. Tam'g eh. h. by imp. Friar Tuck-Twlllfht. Good " start
Won first three driving. v
Sport had the speed. Mamie G was outfooted and pocketed on the back stretch That
beat her. Flandeg Is a glow beginner. Alicia is a fair plater that will bear watching. .
I
1 .
9 *..'
5
8
6
7
4
10
2 h
1 h
8 1
9 Vt
6%
10
7 1
12.1 2. M
6 h
41
11
6 hi
2 1 -
9 4.
5 h
8 Vi
4 1
3 h
10
7 %
13;
3 3
2 3
6 H
8 2
7 1
51
3 V 4
92
10
1 %
2 8
3 hi
4 4
6 1
6 V 4
7 1
.8 1-
9 4
10
jencer
. Jnnes
:>well
ullman
ennrssy
Nell
evin
mes
8-5
4
6
6
10
10
7
15
10
80
6-5
7-2
12
7
20
30
12
8
20
100
. Martin
'eber
or|^£ FOURTH RACE— One mile; handicap; all ages; purse, $500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
(276) La Ooleta, 3
(269) Cromwell, 6 1
... Topmast, 5 '.
269 W. of Fortune, 6..:
(253) Greyhurst, 4
282 Rainier, 2
215 Morlnel, 3
I
j
. 1 %
3 h -
4 h
■ 7
2 1
5 2'i
6 2
1 V 4 -v
4 4
6 3
2 X
3 V 4'
5 1
1 1
, 3 hi
53
6 %
24--
4 i
.7
1 3
2 2
3 5
6 10
5 2
4 2
7
12
2 2
3 4
4 %
5 2
6 4
7
;bo«
ll man
tncer
Turner
6-5
5
12
4
M
30
2
ird
Oarthy ....
Martin
Time, 1:40. Winner, E. J. Baldwin's eh. t. by Amlgo-Rosebud. Good start Won
easily. Second and third driving.
La Ooleta had things her own way. The Wheel had no speed first part Topmast
ran a clinking good race. Morinel's race 1b passed up to the end man.
ons FIFTH RACE— Six funlongs; two-year-olds:
OUOI value, $1000.
Produce
Exchange
selling stakes;
Index. Horse.
Wei eh t.
V«m.
%m. .
%m.
Str.
Fin.
267 Sam McKeever ....:
(2'Jl) L'.mewater !
(249) Gauntlet '■
(199) Horton 1
(282) Caadale
270 Los Medanos
3
■- 4 h
314
1 1
' 2 h
A*'-
. 6- . -
2 hi
4 1
1 1
3 h
6
5 1
2 3
r42
< 1 hi ,
3 m-:
5 2
6 ,
1 I.'
2%4
3 2
4 3
5 2
C
r
t
in ...'.'.l
6
E
I
7
4
15
7
2
8-5
7
8
Time. 1:14. Winner, T. G. Ferguson's b. c. by Sam Lucas-Etta McKeever. Good start
Won first three driving. uooa Bcart -
Sam was best at the weights. He ran in blinkers. Gauntlet is not much Horton anil
Capdale had a stormy tour. Los Medanos is also from the Baldwin barn. That is warn
ing enough.
OAO SIXTH RACE— One mile; Belling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
... ' Frohman ..........V.I
(286) Imperious _,'.........:
276 Inverary Jr.... ...... 'i
. 278 » Gotobed \ ...........]
(290) Soscol^ ;;..-:.;.....-..]
. 294 Guilder p".-::::.r.r..~.:*
293 -Bonnie lone :....:..]
256 Prince 81aze5.......]
1 ■'
,5"
2
3
6 .
8,
4
7.
•
■'■', 13./:.
3 1 v!
2 h
4 h
.'*
72*
11!4
2 1 .
' 3 h <:'•;
5 1"
P
7h
6 2
1 1
2 2H : '
"4 3 =.-";;
-5 M
3 h
8-
7 4
6 3
: 2 2 ;w
1 h
3 1
■bh.:
4 3 . »
,7 2 '■;■ '
I* 1 ■;«;.<
8 3
■ 11
1 2%
3 h
4 4
. 5 3
- 6 1
76
8
Daly
r. Martin
verson
iolmes
pencer
Woods
mes
utter
mes
6 2
8-5 5-2
4 6
10 12
2 5-2
100 100
286 Magnus 1
•Left. ~ *
Time, l:««t. Winner, M. J. Daly's eh. g. by Himyar-Jewell Ban. Good start. Won
first three driving.
Frohman was the goods. He was supported by a competent company.
Martin's part, secured the place from the
poorly handled Inverary 11.
Track Notes.
Jockey Gouin stands suspended for the
improved showing made by May W on
Friday. From hearsay there are more in
terested than Gouin in the matter, and it
might do to drop three or four others
through a sieve. Gouin says he did not
and would not pull a horse on Mr. Cam
eron, who is an old friend. There is talk
around of a million dollars or so having
been bet on her by the owner the first
time she started, and it would be well to
corroborate some of these statements be
fore making a scapegoat of the rider. On
Friday night Mr. Cameron accused Gouin
of pulling the mare, and named a book
maker whom he said the jockey had
pulled other horses for. Perhaps if two
or three bookmakers were turned down
the game would assume a more healthy
aS 'Fhe t 'yearlings from the Napa Stock
Farm to be sold on Tuesday and ednes
dav evenings of the present week are now
quartered at Killip & Co.'s salesyard,
Market street and Van Ness avenue.
Horsemen are extended an invitation to
inspect this splendid band of youngsters
°Mose Getz, the well-known local Plunger
and bookmaker, handled the coin himself
for the Turf Club yesterday, giving
George Oxnard a He backed two or
three of the winners on the outside and
quit over $3000 ahead on the' day.
Governor-elect Gage viewed the racing
from the clubhouse vijranda.
While astride a good horse Ivy Powell
rode a very clever race on Sam McKeever,
quite a contrast with some of his saddle
work during the week.
BELMONT AND LOWELL
PLAY TIE FOOTBALL
THE ACADEMIC CHAMPIONSHIP
STILL UNDECIDED.
High School Students Play Hard
Ball— Several Injuries Which
Protract the Game.
The Belmont and Lowell High Schools'
elevens fought out an undecided football
game yesterday morning on the Recrea
tion Park gridiron, each team scoring a
single touchdown from which no goal was
kicked. In anticipation of a hot game the
supporters of each school eleven flocked
to the grounds and the grand stand was
packed with gaily decked femininity, the
youth of the other sex ornamenting the
fence along the side lines and the field
itself. The Belmcnt band, plumed for the
occasion, shattered the atmosphere peri
odically to the intense enjoyment of all
concerned. The colors of both teams are
the same, red and white, which led to con
fusion, but Forrest Fisher and Chester
field Murphy of Stanford, the officials,
were equal to the demands made upon
their discriminating faculties and no mis
takes In penalizing were made.
The game was closely fought with per
haps a shade the best of It for Belmont.
Both touchdowns were made in the first
half. The Santa Clara County athletes,
outweighing their opponents by many
pounds, found the weakness of the San
Francisco shortly after the signal for the
beginning of the match, and Roberts, the
fullback, made a touchdown on a faked
kick, after the center of Lowell had been
hammered for a clear gain of forty yards.
The ball then osciljated from one side of
the Held to the other when Lowell, with
but a few minutes left in the first half,
began to work together and Hooper was
forced over the line for a touchdown. The
score stood 5-u.
The second half was first a plunge, then
a delay on account of accidents, until the
close of the match. Belmont's superiority
In weight told and behind good interfer
ence Sefton made some lightning runs for
distances which kept the youths on the
sides lines figuring throughout the came.
The work on the line was fierce enough to
suit even Pete Smith, who bestowed his
advice even when unasked. Three times
the Belmont team worked Its way down to
the Lowell five-yard line and so many
times did they fail at scoring, being held
twice on downs and losing the ball once on
off-side play. In a scrimmage Roberts
the Belmont full, was seriously injured,
some one's foot staving in his skull. He
was carried off the field senseless, the
blood matting his hair, which was aied a
deep red.
Neither team is satisfied with the score
and a return game will be played next
Saturday or the week after to settle the
disputed supremacy.
The teams lined up:
Lowell. Position. Beltnont.
Kidd Center Carr
Cook (C.) Right guard Cartwright
Irwin Lef t guard Stillman
Symmes Right tackle Croll
Middlcton .Left tackle Kirkpatrick
Olwell Right end Sherman
Ellingwood or
Le witt Left end Set ton
Baunders Quarter Story (C.)
Robertson Right half Stow or Reid
Rooney Left half Huff
Hooper Fullback Roberta
OREGON AGAINST LILAC.
Two League of the Cross Teams Will
Struggle on the Gridiron.
The Oregons and the Lilacs, two football
teams of the League of the Cross Cadets,
will play a match game on the Presidio
Athletic Grounds this afternoon. The Ore
gons represent Company H and the Lilacs
Company M of the League, and the great
est interest is displayed in the coming
contest. The teams will line up as fol
lows:
Oregon*. Position. Lilacs.
Kienan Center Sleuter
Casey R.— Guard— L Kreiss
Dlnnene L. — Guard — R Horsman
Duyer R.— Tackle — L McMahon
O' Connor L.— Tackle— R Mclnt yre
Paly R.— End— l< Rossi
Rlley L.— End— R Fitz-Morris
Marlsch L.— Half— R Glesty
MeStocker R.— Half— L Hlnrici
Bcasley Full Bleathen
Martin Quarter Norton
A Sailor Skipper.
John Doe Creamer, second mate of the
American ship Edward O'Brien, has sailed
away on the briny deep, and when his
name was called yesterday morning in
the United States District Court to plead
to a charge of beating and wounding
Sailor Gercles on the high seas, not even
echo answered.
Creamer had been released on his own
recognizance, and the witnesses had been
allowed to go at large. The witnesses,
being sailors, shipped as soon as a greasy
spar was offered them to straddle, and
the chances are that Creamer will not
be prosecuted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The view of the city is
at once unusual, unique
and comprehensive, cov-
ering every point from
bay to park.
2 1 feet above Market
street, an unobstructed
vision in every direction.
The cooking is French;
the menu is complete;
prices are reasonable.
A place for refined
people to enjoy either
a dinner or light refresh-
ments.
Spreckels Rotisserie
15th Floor,
....CALL BUILDING....
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY!
tanam Teeth filled by Caro-
IVi- - TAWm ful. Experienced , Den-: , '
KB \WM t>ats &t H thB usual cost
-£C iB tuuc k* from ■ 250
KjSS /^ El Pit tes, with fM« eitr»c-
E^fcajßH tlon, from $4.50
PAIHLIBB BXTBAOTION A BPBOULTT.
Metropolitan Dental Parlors,
DR T. S. HIOOINS, Proprietor, f
927 Market Street. ;
Orer Cftfe Binkftßd. • TAU XLSYATOR.
Moet
Cfeandon
White Seal (Grande Cuvee) Champagne
now on the market does great honor to this
famous House.— Hotel Gazette.
LADIES Yonraot
f V¥ DR. FELIX LE BRUITS
w' *\ Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
np^ '\ A I is the original and only FRENCH,
J C safe and reliable cnre on the mar*
"'S:  JSir kety Price. $1.00; sent by mail.
r * :--'ii ' .^ Genaine sold only by v
GEO. • DAHLBENDER '■'&'& ' CO., Sol* A«ent«,
214 Kearny at., San Francisco. : : ; ■•_•- : .
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
fXm Museum of Anatomy
iBMI 10511£A2SEX8T.t«t.6th*7Ui,B.r.C»L
Q ri™l ' -■ ' " The L»rj«»tofiU kind In the World. ,
\ mSji \ DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
LfrTl L: Com«lu»toi free. Write tor De«k ;,.-;
■W^l f Philosophy of Marrlagi.
A O MAiktD rniK.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••••• 1 riti «nii
LOGUE COLLECTION
• •••• •••••
Woven ArU Orient
ON EXHIBITION
TO-MORROW, Tu^Yv ND 9A.M.t05 P. M.
Jos. Fredericks & Co., £&tt£k
S£i^ This beautiful and valuable collection of
Persian, India and Turkish Rugs, Carpets, Em-
broideries, Hangings, Arms, Etc., will be sold at
auction to the highest bidder without reserve or
any subterfuge. Sale will commence WEDN ES-
DAY MORNING, half after ten o'clock, and
continue the two following days. MR. GEORGE
H. WEIGERT, the art salesman, will conduct
the sale.
JOS. FREDERICKS & CO.,
64-9 and 651 Market Street.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE
XJ3STIO3ST
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 811 of the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $160, 000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 9,900 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 382,26-1 23
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 24.509 75
Cash in company's office 4.932 41
Cash in banks 18,485 16
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 200 00
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 97 50
Premiums in due course of collection 65,980 67
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 1,000 00
Cash In hands of managers, San
Francisco 10,772 74
Due from perpetual Insurance on
building 742 50
Total assets $678,884 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,857 38
Losses in prticess of adjustment or
in suspense 27,057 63
Losses resisted, including expenses. ISO 00
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $231,032 31;
reinsurance 50 per cent 115,518 17
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $187,163 91;
reinsurance pro rata M,m 64
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies 35,020 S3
All other demands against the com-
pany 19,034 64
Total liabilities V.. $308,41)177
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $297,712 97
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 495 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 19.15S 37
Received for rents 2,209 98
Total Income $319,606 32
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $28,552 49, losses of pre-
vious years) $155,144 58
Dividends to stockholders 13,659 44
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 61.257 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc — 36.556 60
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 10,158 07
All other payments and expendi-
tures 29,178 67
Total expenditures $306,014 86
Flre.
Losses incurred during the year $158,126 71
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $33,046,778 $361,415 05
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 31,650,499 358,324 73
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897 38,562.938 418.196 25
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD. President.
E. R. DANNELS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898.
RICHD. H. REILLT. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
CAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W." OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
a
Farmer : This is the third time since Spring you
have lost your time because you don't feel
well enough to work. If you will buy
some Ripans Tabules and take one at
night, or one after each meal for a day
or two, you'll be all right, and stay so,
too, if you take one when you notice that
you begin to feel bad. I don't use a
dozen a year, but J always keep them ia
the house.
STATEMENT
. OF THE— —
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — OF THE- —
Pennsylvania Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF '
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
| A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on that
j day, ! as made to the Insurance ' Commissioner
! of . the State of California., pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
j Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th»
' Commissioner. •
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
! in cash $100.000 00
ASSETS. ■
j Real estate owned by company $183.500 00
i Loans on bonds and mortgages 929,600 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
i bonds owned by company 5, 915 00
' Amount of loans secured by pledge
i of bonds, stocks and other market-
i able securities as c011atera1........ 69,350 00
t Cash in company's office 2,189 20
Cash in banks 150,499 25
; Interest due and accrued on all
i ■ stocks and .10an5........'. 729 67
. Interest due and accrued on bonds
| and mortgages ..< — .. 18,385 86
! Premiums In due course of collection 246,117 16
* Total assets..... $3,100,286 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ."....:.:.'. $54, 111
' Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 139,778 92
! Losses resisted. including expenses. 13,726 00
Gross premiums" on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,535,703 73;
relnsurtfnce 50 per cent — 767,85187
Gross premiums on. flre risks run-
ning mure than one year. $1,368,-
| 640 31; reinsurance pro rata 699,852 85
! Amount reclaimable by the Insured
j on perpetual fire insurance policies 823,239 43
i Commissions and brokerage due and
! to become due 4,000 00
Total liabilities $2,502,560 31
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,724,126 95
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages ... 42,368 53
f Received for Interest ■ and dividends
[ on bonds, stocks, loans and from
■ all other sources 160.81167
Received for rente .- i. 098 00
Total inc0me............ $1,929,405 14
EXPENDITfRES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $&97,216 80
i Dividends to stockholders 80,000 00
1 Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage :... 404,101 30
Paid for salaries, fees and other "
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 131,878 00
Paid ■> for State, national and local • :•- •;•*
taxes ..i ;.:................. 45,88706
All other payments and expendi-
tures 84,142 26
Total expenditures $1,622,723 42
: .■" ' , Fire.
! Losses incurred during the year $942,368 98
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. 'Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $284,993,253 $2,216,196 47
plred during the year.. 191,507,222 2,050,365 04
Net amount in force De- -"■•-- , ■ *.904,344<H
cember 31, 1897 823,094,764 2.904,344 04
. .. R. DALE, BENSON. President.
"W. GARDNER CROWELL, Secretary-
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January. IS9B. GEO. W. HUNT. ;
Commissioner for California.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE. Manager.
R. W. OSBORN. Assistant Manager. v .
lei Gall sl.Soi Yeey
1112
6AN I RAT-SCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner ol Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S^7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: Open until S:3O o'clock.
2^7 Hayes street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
f:i McAllister street; |>pen until »:30 o'clock.
615 I^arkin street; cpen until 5:30 o'clock.
IMI Mission street; cpen until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 'j o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
I.'^O Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftreets; open until 9 o'clock.
. .. ItlllCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
■ block, 223 Sutter st., bet. Kearny and Grant
Christian Science Bible lessons, 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Subject, morning, "The Book
,of the Law Discovered." Evening, "God the
Preserver of Man." Sunday school for chil-
dren, 11 a. m. ■ Testimonial meeting Wednes-
day evening at .s o'clock. All are welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts.— George C. Adams. D.D.,
liastor.- will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. ,
Morning th-eme, "Political Corruption." Even-
, Ing theme, "A. Real Sinner." All are cordially
Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. Sunday school at -9:30 a. m. Rev. <
F. B\. Ch'erlngton, D.D., pastor, will preach ;
morning anil • evening. Morning subject,
"How Shall We Come to the Lord's Table?" I
to be followed by communion. Evening sub- ;
ject, "Soaring Trudging Experiences." i
Tin public lially invited.
FiRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness j
aye. and Sacramento st— Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzVe. D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin H. Jenks.
o-paator. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. in. -Ths evening service is
the regular month praise service. Sunday I
school at 12:43 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at C:l5
p.m. All are welcgme.
BIMPBON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes, and Buchanan — Rev. j
John Stephens, pastor; residence, 3oj Haight !
st. Preaching ut 11 a. m. and 7:.>u p. m. 'ihe .
pastor will preach at both serv+ces Topic at :
il a. m.. "The Excellence ol the Knowledge i
of Christ, " arid at .7:30, "The Modern Young i
. Man. His Perils and Safeguards." Sunday
.school at 12:30 .p. m. ; C. B. Perkins, superin-
• teinlent. Epworth League Meeting at 6:30
p. in. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at
7:43 p. m. The public cordially invited to all
the sen-ices of this church. Seats free. Ush-
ers in attendance.
FIRST Free Will Baptist Church, Bush st..
near Larkin — Services: Sunday, 11 a. m.. Dec.
4. sermon by Rev. Henry Ford of HUlsdale. i
Mich.; .subject, "The Kingdom of God." I
Evening, 7:45. Mr. Ford will take for his:
• tbeme "The Two Builders." Sunday school, |
12:30. Y. P. S. C. E. regular weekly meet-
ings, Sunday, 6:45 p. m. ■ Monthly business !
and social meetings of C. E., second Friday ]
evening of each month. Visitors are invited |
. to attend these gatherings! • which consist of :
•a literary and musical programme, and which !
are free to all. Prayer meeting every Wednes- j
. ' day, 7:30 p. m. Rev. Mr. Ford Is field secre- I
: 3 , taiy of. the Free Will- Baptist, churches of the j
.. United States, and has worked extensively in
Eastern citres, but this is his first calling to
■' the Pacific Coast. He is a capable and I
pathetic speaker and one well able to labor
•" in evancelical work! His visit in San Fran- '
cisco will continue for a short period of dura-
tion, therefore' all should avail themselves of
the- opportunity of hearing him. Seats free.
• • Music by the choir. All are welcome and |
■} cordially Invited. '
• : REORGANIZED- Church of Jesus Christ, 320 j
-Post st— Preaohing at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. j
- ' Strangers invited to investigate our doctrines
- and compare • them with the Scriptures. ;
i '-Prove ali .-things; hold fast that which is
good.;.' ' "To the law and to the testimony." ■
• This church- was organized by command of
 God. C. A. Parkin, pastor.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor— Discourse- at 11 a. m. by Miss
. Nona Brooks of Denver: subject. "What Dl- i
•-• vine Science Is." Services every Sunday in
Yosemite Hall, Native Sons' building, Mason
at., bet.- Ge,.ry and Post; take elevator.
YOU 'are invited to attend a series of evange- I
llstlc -meetings conducted in Gospel Hall. i
3036 Sixteenth St.. near the corner of Valen- ;
' cia, by Donald Ross, Scotch evangelist, cota- |
.- menclng Lord's day afternoon December 4. at
2:30 o'clock, and continued vvery evening at |
7:45 o'cli«ck except Saturday. An address to j
• Christians every Lord's day afternoon at 3:30 I
o'clock. AU welcome; no collections. God j
• has mercy for all. and you, reader, need It. |
AT the Strangers." Sabbath Home (643) Howard- j
st Methodist, between Second and Third., i
blocks down Third street, south of Call build-
lag. Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, pastor— ll
a. m., subject, "The All-in-All": 7:30, pre- i
lude on "The Rights of Our Public School
Teachers"; sermon on unrecorded agencies,
the work of four: special music for the day;
6peclal for offertories, quartet, Misses Mat-
■ tie and Pearl Whlttlngton, • Mr. Frank May-
berry and Dr. H. D.; Noble; original song by
the-. singer. Miss Hermione Lask, "Love Di-
vinp." to music- of Gastelden.
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public . lectures
every Sunday evening at S o'clock, In Odd j
■ Fellows' building. To-night, "The Human |
Brain and Its Relation to Thought and Con-
usness." by Dr. John R. Baird. Inquir-
ers' meetings Tuesday. 8 p. m., Thursdays,
at 2.3' i. Lotu3 circle for children every. Sun-
day at 2:30 q- m.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
OAKLAND College of Spiritual Philosophy,
Gier's Hall, 3 p. m. Lecture by Mrs. Irene
Smith. Subject, "Scientific Palmistry."
; Hands read after lecture. S p. m., J. R.
Little, phenomenal medium, will hold public
test meeting; spirit names and messages.
•AT DR. R-INES' spiritual society. 909 Market |
st.; 11 free; 2 to B p. m.. Mrs. Bird. 2; Bar-
clay. Glllingham; Hendee-Rogers, Mr. Han-
son: tests Tuesday, 1238 Howard St., 8 p. m.
Wednesday, 335 McAllister st., 8 p. m.; not
" home Wednesdays. ■fff&f
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. ' Oecl-
dental Hall, corner Larkln and McAllister
Bts.— Sunday, December 4, at 7:30 p. m.
. Speaker. Mrs. R. S. Lillie; subject, "Our
..Genuine Spiritual Discoveries." Admis-
sion, 10c.
ATTEND Katie Heuesman's test meeting to-
night, 10c; 641 Jessie st., off Seventh; mes-
sages for all; sittings dailM, $1; circles Fri-
day evenings, 25c. >
SUNDAY night platform— Dr. York speaks at
Scottish Hall, Larkln St., 'this evening on
"Why 1 Am Not a Christian." Voluntary
collection. Seats free.
* ATTEND Mrs. Eberhardt's test meetings, 8
•p. m.. Excelsior Hall, Mission St., bet. Nine-
. teenth and Twentieth; 10 cents.
MRS. IRENE SMITH, public meeting to-night.
1261 Jefferson St., Oakland; palmistry read-
" ings dally. - ' ■
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, lOC, 605 McAllister at.; come, skeptice.
SPIRITUAL test meeting to-night; Mrs. L. S.
Drew, assisted by Dr. Coon; 909 Market: free.
TEST meeting. 2 and 8 p. m., 10c. 335 McAllis-
ter; Stltt^Nita, Mrs. Bird, Hargrave, others.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual medium, cures tobacco
habit; circle "Wednesday, 2 p.m., 280 Valencia.
TEST circle to-night; every one gets a test;
all who doubt come. LEANDER. 313 Eddy.
C. V. MILLER'S ethereallzlng, -materializing
" seance. S p. m. ; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
-. MRS. EGGERT. AITKEN, test medium— Sit-
0 tings daily. 120 McAllister St.. flat 1.
TEST circle, 2 and 8 p..m.. 25c. 1346 Market;
• readings 'daily. MARY EVENS.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slate-writer.
330 Ellis St.; hours 10 to 4. \
MERIA FRANCES, Independent slate-writing
.•mediu'm. 118 Haight st. ■• - -
- SrEETING NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, T O. O. ~^Hir~'
F.— Election of officers MONDAY JaJKßwfr
EVENJNG, Dec. 6. . r££|K*£
JAMES A. WILSON, N. G. '-*/iT^
C. H. KORNBECK. R. S.
K. OF P.— the '.funeral committee: ' «Sf
Offlcers and members of Eureka "v 7**
Lodge. No., i, K. of P.— You are here- <scJat.
by notified to assemble at our hall i
Pythian iCastle, 909 Market st., SUNDAY
c o 4'4 ' at 1 V , m., thence to Druids' Hall!
413 Sutter st.. for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother JOSfp/*
.DU.RSCHKE. By order of the lodge '
E. J. WILSON. K. .of and B. •
V - A O- I?" T the officers and menTberH vAo
• of San rrancisco Grove No. 3- You are EKJ
requested to attend a. special meetinir - 2£ftc
MONDAY. Dec. -5. at.l:3Cf p m sharo at
Druids' building. 413 Sutter U.. for the^ur-
pose of attending the funeral of our lat*
. brother RICHARD H. I'AHL lnt-rm-n?
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. By order lntennent
H. G. C. BARMEISTER N' a
H. G. MAEHLER. Secretary. . '
THE California Debris Commission, havlnr — ."
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Wlntz Mining and Improve
ment Company, in its mlnenear Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tafl in 1
on a flat below the mlnei from JoeJ Bean in
the Cleveland mine No. 2, near Scales SWr
County, to deposit tailings in Rock Creek-
from J. B. Jones. in the Ha-skell Valley mine" ■
- near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to At i
posit tailings on a flat below tb« mine; from
Thum*a Gomez, in the Snowy Side inlne i l
near Buck's Ranch. Plumas County io de- '
posit tailings In Willow Creek; from N H
Frlls, lr, the New York mine, near Buck's '
& Ranch, Plumas County. to deposit tailings In I
Willow Creek; from J. C. Homer, In the
Chaplain mine, near Buck's . Ranch. Plumas-
County, to deposit tailing* In Willow Creek'
' from Llewellyn A. Hoeflich, In . the ' Rocky
Bar mine, near Nelson Point, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings In worked-out' pits, and
from C. W. Avers. In the Oriole gfavel mine,
near Jameetown. Tuolumne County, to deposit j
„ tailings on a -flat below* the mine, -gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room "59,
Flood building, San Francisco. Cal., on De-
cember 12; 'isw. r . at 1:30 p. m. •' .
MEET and buy that $30 diamond ring of UN-
m CLE.IIAKKIS, ti Grant aye.
"" '.- ■ -' . ■-. '.-■•-•■
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued". -'
ANNUAL Meeting— i regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Mutual Elec-
tric Light Company will be held at the office
of the company, 617 Howard St.. San Fran-
cisco. California, on MONDAY, the sth day
of December, 15^8. at the hour of 10:30 o'clock,
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
■ may come before the meeting.
■TAMKS FISITFW. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice No. I— Mead Gold Mining
and Milling Company. The board of direc-
tors at their regular monthly meeting held
on the Ist day of December, IS9S, declared a
' regular quarterly dividend at the rate of forty
(40) per cent per -annum on the par value of
the ftoek of the corporation, payable Imme-
diately at the office of the company, 411 Claus
Rpreckels building, San Francisco, Cal.
! Transfer books close Nov. X, IS9S. -■,';>•
JOHN C. JENS. President.
G. GALL. Secretary. ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July, 1597:
Margaret Sullivan, age 7 years; Delia Lang.
S years: Maud Lovett. 7 years; Maclovla Pa-
dllla. ti yenrs; Lillian Doherty. 9 years; Anna
Hayden, 11 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
BAD tenants ejected f»r J4: "ollectlcns made:
/city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
j CO.. 41.", Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5550.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint' Co.. 3-11 3d St.
4 MARKET ST.-P-ranch office of The Call, j
Want ads and cub«i'rlntinn» taken. I
SITUATIONS WAN TE D— FE 31 ALE.
~ I
SITUATION as working housekeeper wanted I
by a middle-aged American- woman; city ref-
erences; good wages. Box 273, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman desires a position •to
do housework, sood cook and housekeeper,
where she can keep her little girl of 11 years; j
good reference; wages no object. 1411 Baker I
I St., between Post and Sutter.
' POSITION- where sen-ices will be valuable.
Box 270, Call.
RESPONSIBLE woman would like to assist i
or take charge of store or any other work; j
• Al references; willing to give first month's i
sen-ices free. Box 26: i. Call.
EXPERIENCED young girl wishes place In
bakery or candy store; : references; speaks
French. 1225 Devlsader^ st. . |
REFINED elderly lady wis.ies licht housework; !
wages $10; no postals. Call 462 Minna st.
AN experienced housekeeper wishes position in j
private family or hotel; best of references. !
Address box 332, Call. j
YOUNG lady employed half a day would ex- !
change sewjng or light housekeeping In re- j
fined family for board and room. Box 274, j
Call office. • |
YOUNG Norwegian woman, has 3 children to j
support, would like to go out by the day or j
: do any kind of work. Please call 435 Fourth. j
FIRST-CLASS seamstress (Danish) wishes sew- j
ing and chamberwork; best references. Apply
V2Z9 O'Farrell St.. Y.\ W. C. A.
1 WOMAN wants work by day; also washing.
Address • 6 O'Connell place, off Vallejo St.,
! bet. Mason and Powell.
STRONG young woman, wishes any kind of
. housework by the day. Call or address 217 :
Shotwell st.
WOMAN with boy S years old wishes to do !
housework: city or country; small wages. 737 I
Howard st.. room 66. j
AN attractive, first-class demonstrator wishes j
position; can give good references. Address I
• box 42.".. Call office. |
LADY wishes situation as companion; Is will- j
ing to travel. Box 314. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation to
work by the day, to sew or do general house-
work of any kind. 307 Third st. |
AN educated, refined woman wants position as j
useful companion assist housework, sew, care '
children, invalid: speaks French: city or !
country; small salary. Box 252. Call.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, ironing or
housecleaning by the day. $1 50. Address 3255 j
Twenty-second st. near Valencia. i
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go in j
families; 73c day. 274S Harrison st., near 24th.
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-cJass cut- i
ter and fitter, goes out by the day; makes suit
in one day. 22 Octavia st. •
RELIABLE woman wants work by the i day; ;
washing or housecleaning. Apply 1709 Leaven- ;
worth st.
! DRESSMAKER, perfect fitter, neat worker,
will go out by day; reasonable: work home;
dresses made over. 654 Geary st.
BY No. 1 woman, position as cook for board-
Ing house or family; Is scrupulously neat;
references. 22 Fifth at.; call 2 to 4; room 34.
GOOD, reliable woman wishes situation for j
general housework: plain cooking; city or
short distance In country. 312 Brannan st.
SITT ' '""^N wanted by middle-aged Swedish!
woman as good plain cook small family, or i
chamberwork. Apply at 5358 Natoma st.
RELIABLE woman wants general housework
by the day; references: $1 23 per day. MRS.
E. E. MILLER, 207 Eddy st.
GERMAN woman wants a place In lunch
house or restaurant to work over lunch hours. >
Call or address 7S'<i Clementina st.
MAN and wife to take charge of hotel or place i
of resort in country. Box 323. Call office.
INTELLIGENT lady with business education
wishes position bookkeeper and cashier In
hotel: city or county; refs. Box 329, Call.
POSITION as housekeeper In widower's family
by^Swedlsh lady; competent; good cook. Ad-
dress 262 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG Jewish girl. . lately of Berlin, good
cook, wishes situation as cook. Address box
4001, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG girl, strong. and willing, wishes situa-
tion to do general housework; waces $12.
Call 819 Diamond st. .
A NICE present: that 14-karat gold $12 watch,
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PUBLIC school teacher and musician teaches
dally for 3 meals and car fare. Address I
box 1546. Call office. ' ■ |
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly j
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. ■ j
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; ail kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant . s6.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
GARDENING, driving, care of horses general
utility man, wishes a situation. Address box
2SO, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young genUeman to.
learn, bartender's trade. Box 279. Call office.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoer wants work; is
a good all-round man; honest, .sober and re-
liable; can do wood work also. Address W.
S.. box 418. Call. •
YOUNG man, graduate of business college,
wishes position; steady and reliable. ■ Ad-
■ dresa.R. 8., box 272, Call office. ..
FIRST-CLASS family cook. Chinese boy, wants
situation; small wages; city or country; good
, references. Box 268, Call.
EXPERIENCED youhg man wishes position In
grocery store; best of reference. Call or ad-
dress comer Francisco and Franklin sts.
WATCHMAKER wants situation; sober, good
• habits; 30 years' experience in Germany,
Switzerland and ' America.- Address ■ UHR-
MACHER, box 277. Call office.
PAINTER and varnisher wishes work 'as man
about place or work by day or month; handy
man about place. Address X., 231 Tenth st.
PIANIST, good sight reader, desires position
In • music store or : evening engagement In
dance!or concert room. - Address box 263. Call.
STRONG young man residing with his parents
desires situation; not afraid of hard work.
Address or call, at 959 Howard St.. . ' -: ;
YOUNG man, sneaks English. German and
French, desires positinn as driver for deliv-
ery wagon.' Call or address E. G., 802 Larkln.
PRIVATE secretary desires position with capl-
" talist or attorney: 14 years' legal experience;
stenographer: ■ exceptional references. Ad-
dress- box 422. :. Call office. :
RELIABLE, strong man. understands care of
horses, can nrlk. etc.. wishes position of any
kind' b'^.' of references; Willing to work for
low wa£ui. Call or address, E. JULIUS. 131S
Seventh. aye.. East Oakland.' ' -
YOUNG man, 20 years old. want* work of any
kind before and , after school hour's, where
hf can have home; expects small wages.. Box
.474, Call office. •; i •
JAPANESE - wants situation ito; do good cook-
' ing; country or In the city. Address G.S.,
349'^ Minna St. ■; .; . .-, ; y
JAPANESE desires position to do cooking in
family or small boardlng-housc; has expe-
" rience. I. G., 519 Jessie St.
JAPANESE, ' trustworthy,- reliable, wants po-
' sltion to do housework in a family or lodging-
house; has; experience. T. '. IMAI, - 519 . Jessie.'
CARPENTER,' ■ cabinet maker; first-class : me-
chanic; can take charge of work; wants work
day or contract.. Call 'or ■ address 120 Valley
st... between '1 wenty-elghth and Twenty-ninth.
SITUATION, wanted as manager, steward or
head waiter -In > club, hotel or restaurant; 25
■years'- experience "New York and California;
best references. Box 315. Call; office.', .:■ •
YOUNG . man . wishes position ; in blacksmith
shop in city; has had 'some experience; steady
. place -preferred. 80x, 316, Call office. .^
WANTED— By "' man and ■■> wife.; place on farm
•or stock ranch; Is good horse and stock man.
-AUdri&.s J. F. C, 8 Byin? ton aye. . j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
SITUATIONS WAVTED— Continued.
YOc'NG experienced butcher wishes a pi ce.
shop -or wagon; good : : references. Address
Sunset Market, Waller and Stanyan «s ;
STEADY middle-aged man; can take care of
- garden, . chickens, horse, cow, etc. ; reasona-
ble wages; best of references. J. ! D.,' box 4,
Call office.
WANTED— Situation as collector by a man 27
: years of - age; can furnish reference and se-
curity. Box 1834, Call office.
PRESENT your brother that ' American silver
watch; $6, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION- wanted by: a first-class German
i gardener; a good pruner; take care of horses
and can milk. ■■■ Add. Gardener, box 1819, Call.
BUTCHER; first-class cutter. Call or address
J. H , 2531 Sixteenth st.
STRONG, sober, able-bodied man, 1 , good two
or four-horse teamster, wel! acquainted with
; ; city, • would like employment. Address G. F.
H.. 1103 Montgomery, st. ■'.
WANTED— Position by intelligent man; refer-
ences or bonds. v Address box 1864, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bakery foreman (German), all
kinds of bread and cake,' wants cteady situa-
tion; city or country. Call or address Baker,
!'4O Bryant St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
. ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $S
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from l'eriy.
HELP WANTED—
i WAITRESSES." city and country, $20; 5
chambermaids to wait, choice city place?,
$20; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses, $20; pantty
girl for country hotel, $13. C. R. -HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. ■ ' ■
GERMAN woman for Oakdale, see party here;
French nurse girl for country." $25; German
house girl, $25; German nurse ■• girl, ■ very
choice place, $15; house girl, San Rarael, $20,
see party here; house girl for small Jewish
•family, 520; and many others for cooking and
housework, city and country, $12 to $25. ■ C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
3 WAITRESSES, first-class hotel, city. $20, see
party here at 10 o'clock Monday; 3 restau-
rant waitresses. $6 week; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter, st.
■ ■• *
WANTED We require yet a few experienced
operators on white, flannel and percale shirts.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.
-
WANTED— A talloress on custom coats; also
apprentice. HZ Seventh st. •..„
LADY to do light ■ housework in exchange for
good home. 5C3 Larkin st.
GIRL to do chamberwork; sleep home; $8. .924
Geary st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply early
Sunday, 1119 Filbert st. ?
RESPECTABLE' Irish lady, about 30, as work-
Ing housekeeper for widowers' family, in
country; $15 to J2O. Call Cosmopolitan Hotel,
Fifth and Mission sts.
WANTED— A middle-aged German .woman as
housekeeper for man and child; country. Ap-
ply In the forenoon, 1221 Webster st. <
ASSISTANT wanted to work at dressmaking.
9SB Harrison st.
PROTESTANT girl for light housework and
care of children; wages $15 to $20.- Call 4005
. Seventeenth st.
LADY roommate to share 2 large sunny rooms;
reasonable; references. Box 1695, Call office.
WANTED— Lady pianist willing to do light
work for a good home and moderate wages.
MRS. M.. box 276, Call office.
WOMAN to assist with housework; no chil-
dren; no cooking. 17 Langton st. .
_____
GOOD waitress at 136 Second st.
3 FIRST-CLASS tuckers; steady work. d 347
Market st.
EXPERIENCED custom phlrt operators; elec-
tric power. R. C. ATKINS & SONS.. 123
Montgomery st.
GOOD buttonhole makers tnd apprentices on
custom coats. 206 Minna st.
WAITRESS wanted at 969 Howard st., near
Sixth.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; steady em-
ployment; best prices. EAGLESON & CO.,
535 Market st.
GIRL for light housekeeping work; wages $8.
3824 Army st.
EXPERIENCED matron under 40 to manage-
' small hos'iitnl; must be efficient; ' wages
about $75. DR. CHAMLEY. 25 Third et.
LADIES! Now is the time to learn dressmak-
ing and millinery; we teach- the world-;re-
nowned McDowell system of dresscuttlng,
late Improvement; every branch of dressmak-
ing and millinery thoroughly taught; easy
payments; unlimited lessons; all are invited
to Inspect our school; patterns cut to order,
23c up. The McDowell Dressmaking and Mil-
linery School, 103 Post st. . i
LADIES to embroider; good-paying, easy work
sent to your home; addressed envelope for
sample and materials. EMPIRE EMBROI-
DERY WORKS, 23 Duane St.. New York City.
WANTED — A neat, flrst-clas», experienced
• cook; no others need apply: best references
required: Oakland; wages $30. Box 320, Call.
TAILORESS wanted for the country. Apply
to STEIN. SIMON & CO., corner Second and
Market sts. '
COLORED girl or woman for light housework.
Call at 445 Eddy St.. '
APPRENTICES to learn glove making. Car-
son Glove Company, 35 Market St.
WANTED — neat waitresses in small restau-
rant. 3199 Mission st. . "■
EXPERIENCED talloress; must be good hand.
THOS. E. KENT, 121 Post St., room D.
WOMAN to handle goods for wholesale house.
Address box 327, Call office. .
PRVSENT your sister with that $16 diamond
ring, worth $40. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
EXPERIENCED flrls for fancy work on cor-
, sets. 231 Powell st. . ' .
LEARN dressmaking and millinery;, positions
,free; patterr.*. tic up. McDowell's. 103 Post. -
LEARN sewing at KEISTERS; good position*,
tterng. 10c up. ■ 118 McAllister st.
help' WANTED-IMALK.
Murray _ READY........ phone main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
25 tie makers, tools furnished, 8c to 10c; 16
woodchoppers, tools furnished, $1 50 and $1 a
cord
. 2 milkers ....3 farm hands
3 choreboys for ranch, $6 and found; 4 boys
for city factories, $3 a week; 3 boys to learn
trades, city. $3 to $4 a week...'.....;...........
6 slate splitters $2 50 a day
5 * teamsters, know city streets, $1 75 a day.
MURRAY & READY.
......634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife ............. $40 and found
farmer and wife...'.'... ......$3O and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
C00K5..... BAKERS -WAITERS
8 cooks, $55, $45, $30, $25 and found; 2 bakers.
$50 and $25 and found; S waiters. $25 and : $20
and found: 3 dishwashers. $15 ' and $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay
street. " * ■ : . .
AT C. R. ; HANSEN & C 0.'5.... Grant 185
1500 railroad laborers f0r...... ....."..;...
Skaeuay, fare reduced to
$12 50....... .....5kaguay.....'.......... $U 50
' Sub-contracts and . station work, both rock
r.nd earth,- $1 to $1 50 a yard for rock; 25c to
35c a yard for earth. Further particulars and
tickets at C. R HANSEN CO.'S. 104 Geary
st. ship next Wednesday, December 7. • .. .
LABORERS, mountain railroad,* ship Monday
; night. -C.-R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BROILER, .$55; ' cook, boarding-house, $40;
' working steward for an officers' mess, Eng-
lishman preferred, $30; kitchen hands. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH for Mexico who is a good car-
riage lroner, $5 60 a day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
COAL-MINERS. $1 a ton, see boss here. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st. ...
WANTED this (Sunday) morning at 10 o'clock,
first-class j hotel ■ crew. In • part :• to . consist of
second cook, $60; pastry cook; '', brollar, $40;
fryer, $40; only first-class men wanted. J. F
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't ' prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
, our illustrated catalogue of Information; sent
free. • Columbian Correspondence College
Washington, D. C. - -, . : - . . . .•.(
WANTED— Reliable man of good address. 226
Turk st. ' ' " ■;.-■
ERRAND boy about •14 years (Protestant) $2
.per week. Ml Sutter, St., room 4.
SALESMAN traveling East to : sell carved
. leather, goodF. Box 278, . Call ' office. -. '•. ''■ -.< ,-t .•-■■<;
WANTED— Good all-round . cook ' at - kitchen"
;; racetrack,'; ingieside. ,;■■-., --V
WANTEI>— A bright boy to make "himself t-e:i-
V ern!ly useful about "the cutting „ room ; In a
. .arg(» manufacturing establishment of gent' 3
; lurni»hlnfe Koods. • AddreFs ;■ In own : hand-
, writing stating age and experience, dox 4bi;
Call office.. ■ ■■;...-.•»■■■: v ■;■.-. ■ .
VA!i ER wanted. 1008 Hyde St. •
Ml'.N" anc< women to ; take ' work home- no ex-
perlence ; necessar". 136 ■ Sixth . st., ; room j2. < '■■■.
WANTED— A first-class dress goods ''■■ man for
Sacramento. Apply, to-day (Sunday) < from ;10
a. m. to 12:30 p. m.. 523 Market. st., room 7. i
WANTED— 2 competent harness leather skivers
or shavers, • a whltener and a man to operate
: scouring ; machine; k also i one j for i setting ; out
". machine; all must be experienced hands - Call
"■106; Battery st. : ■ ■ ;: v .
_ HELP WAV- ED— -Continued.
FIRST-CLASS operator; • heel and edge ■ trim-
mer; . edge setter. D. R. WENTWORTH.
West Berkeley.. . : • .
WANTED— Young man to join trapeze team to
go East; experience not necessary; must have
$100. . Call first of week, 1190 Harrison st.
WANTED— A- presser. Apply at 723 Market
: street. .".-,. ... ,:■; . . ".-.' .
YOUNG girl "to ■ assist housework; family of
> four. Call between 9 and 1. 130 Powell st. -
TO go to-day— 3oo . pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1: new
shoes, slightly damaged, A price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
• rine . Corps, United States navy: : able-bodied,
■ unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared thelrln-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
.. write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. 1 For further information
: apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco. Cal.
jJANAGER — business manager with $1500
for . Oakland ; active man or woman ■ with
this amount will learn of a.i opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start; invesli-
ate. NOVITA COMPANY, 79 Dearborn St.,
:; Chicago. .:.'.:• .- • •;• ■:■■..'
WANTED — Reliable men. and women in every
town to work for us;, neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages: ,no deception; no delay;
bend us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. .. Address «• Standard ! Art
«-Mfg. Co.. 142 West Twenty-third St.. New
York City, : room A. : '(,
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 35.
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who car. speak,
read and write English. Vor Information ap-
ply to recruiting officer, ■ <25 Montgomery Bt.,
San Francisco, Cal.
BUY"thats2o silver American watch; price $8,
1 at UNCLE HARRIS. Grant aye.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 V* Mission
. : St., men to take rooms; 10c, ir>c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
J25 a WEEK ,a-d expenses to sell cigars on
time: experience unnecessary;' holiday goods.
W. L KLINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House- proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
. rooms, 25c per. night; $1 to $3 per week.
ME. and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisc- T>-rber College. 138' i Eighth Bt.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
• Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed, $15. 1542 Market st.
TRY Undell House. Sixth and Howard sta.;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms: 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per nigl't: 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 8634 Market nt.
SAILORS.' ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.'
Australia. Europe. • HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— collect wages ■ due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection "Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen ' wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis st.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Ro<<edale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $Va week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket:: 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-room: free
'hus and baggage to and from the fprry.
' AGEXTS WAXTED.
AGENTS ' wanted "to handle photo, buttons.
_DEALEY BROS., 503 Larkin St.
100 GOOD agents; good profits; article every
family needs. 513 Taylor st. Hours 10:30. 1:30.
ROOMS WANTED.
REFINED couple wish small flat or 2 or 3 un-
furnished rooms; $8 to. $10. Box 271, Call. .
WANTED— room: about $3 or $4
a month; man. Box 319. Call office.
WANTED — 3 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms.
Box 313. Call office. .
ROOMS AND BOARD WAXTED.
YOUNG man wants sunny room with stove or
Kv.i'-; state price. Box 1940, Call office.
W MISCELLANEOUS.
WILL pay cash for 2 diamonds; muet be V/ 2
karats each. Address box 471, Call office.. . .
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER GA9BELL. 216 Post st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa.-
r»tu!«: Fecnnd-hnnd. 1M Montgomery «t.
SPIRITUALISM.
attentionT""
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new. that
ehe has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
- Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks . a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are Interested In: business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases" on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole •slope.
Address or call MRS. , DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
- when others fail: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. ■1027 1 /& Mrkt.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2pm;
Mm., 8: 2>: silting? Si. 233 Valencia st.
clTairvoyantsT
ASTONISHING RevelaUonsT"
The Great Mysteries of Life Revealed
• PROF/CARL ROTH,
the Occult Wonder.
The world's famous and greatest medium
and astrologist; the marvelous tests he per-
forms prove the magnitude of hl» strange and
wonderful powers; he stands at the head of
hie profession and does not wish to be meas-
ured by any other standard than his own; he
brings personal indorsements from great peo-
ple from nearly all civilized parts of the
earth; his experience and knowledge of life
Is broad, deep and profound, and when united
with his most marvelous powers of metllum-
shlp It. makes him all that he claims to be
"the peer of all mediums and life-read»rs"'
he gives fuH names, dates and facts concern-
ing your affairs, and unerring advice upon
matters of business, journeys, speculation '
lawsuits, love, marriage, divorce,: social and
domestic relations, old estates, evervthlmr-
the separated are reunited through his ef-
forts;, no fee accepted unless perfect satis-
faction is given.
. Office. 906 Market St., rooms 11 and 12. first
floor; hours.. 9:30 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sunday to
4 p. m. — "
MME. AUGUST clairvoyant card reader and
* palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c and 50c. H3O
Mission st.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; 'eadlngs 2"c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 234U,' 6th.
CONSULT the lucky , medium ; fee 25c 349U
Minna St., near Fifth.  **
YOUR future told by cards; satisfaction guar-
anteed; ladles. 10c; gents, 25c. 77 Ninth st.
M 2 M^"^ XF R s - > ,2'. reat card reader; ladles
2oc; gents 50a 9319 3 1 Mission, nr. 6th ; open Sunday.
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets;, predicted
reBCUe passengers str. Gold, '74/23% Sixth st.
EGYPTIAN life reader; all questions answered;
ladles, 25c; gents. 50c. 3-, Seventh, - room 5.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME - MOREAU. the - best : medium and - card
reader; 2.x; up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission/
MME. HANSON, palmist and : f card I ; reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth, rm. 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c, up. 5 Fourth Bt. " - .
MME. SYRILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
hand'B picture. 25c: ladies.' 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, tho -well-known- fortune
. " teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell St.
£ HORSES.
60 HORSES of 'every description at Emporium
Snlesyards, 220 Valencia st., : bet. Thirteenth
and ; Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
, ness, etc/,"; at your, own price. . t-.-r. -
4C RORSES for nale; ■'■ also • wagons, ~i buggle*.
" cartß." harness; . Grand - Arcade Horse -. Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth: ' auction > nales ■ every , Wedae*-..
: flay , SITLLTVAN » . DOYLE. ; Auctioneers. : ...
WAGONS , AND ; CARRIAGES.
FOR ' SALE — ' and ladles' cart; very
cheap. 2419 Greenwich st. --
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~"
'ADVICE- free :■ divorce laws; private. J.'-B.
EVANS/ 14 McAllister, next Htbtrrnia Bank.
ADVICE free— W. •P. ADAMS. 607 "•: Emma
'Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L.' 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldjc.. 927 Mar-
■/'. ket; consultation free; no fees In advance. ;;;.-
'ADVICE free; no'charge unless successful. W. "
.:,i ? W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market at. r ••.-;•-.•: :'■: ".
ELEVENTH. Branch ; office ; of The CalL
Subscriptions and ada taken. : . ■■-
PERSONALS.
PARTIES "knowing MR. DANIEL GEOR OR
KELLS, who lived in California between the
years 1565 ; and 1885. please inform MRS. SM.
B. D., box 2, Port Blakeley, Wash. Informa-
tion, will, be rewarded. ■■... ;., -
JEWISH gentlemanof good family, prosperous
business/would marry refined Jewish lady of
means. Address Northern, - box 267, Call. .
BEN' BOLT— WiII you not ' write to your Trll-
: by? FANCHON, Reardon, Wash.
APPLY LEDERER'S Quinonia Hair Tonic and
"your hair will stop - falling out. There is
-nothing like It. 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
IF you try LEDERER'S Foamo you will uava
a fine shampoo: only 6c package. Hair dress-
ing, 25c;. switches, jl up; open Sundays and
holidays, 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st. . *
DR.: E. RALPH, genuine thermal baths, mas-
sage. 1032 Market . St., parlors 2 .and 3.
WOULD like to give: healthy 1 male child for
adoption. Address box 275. Call office.
ARE you bald? We guarantee to grow hair on
' bald heads, stop hair from falling out, re-
- store gray hair to its original color, ; cure ec-
zema, dandruff and parasites; mo pay until
- satisfied; open Spiday from 10 a. m. to 12:30;
remedy sent to all parts of the country pre-
paid. THE HIRSUITINE CO., rooms 34-41,
St. Ann's building, San Francisco, Cal. '
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, : silk: portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WALLACE'S system of dresscuttlng taugnt at
419 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
ELECTRIC ' lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per "week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STRICTURE, enlarged prostate, pain In blad-
der, urinating too often cured by dissolving
bougie 3. J..MES FORD, 114 Fourth St., S. F.
CHRISTMAS Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO. 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance ancl economy-
have your shoes made to order at store prices
1 by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
BUY that' diamond' horseshoe scarf pin; price
$23. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SEE the ' handsome ■ skirts and fur /irments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
■i $1 week.N.Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
. LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
BLACK SMALLPOX the consequence of re-
peated vaccination. Beware!
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING— Suits. $5; children's" dresses^
babies' wardrobe; any kind of sewing by the
day or at home. M. COPPERSMITH. 178
Clinton Park, near Thirteenth st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. OOLDSTEIN-Elegant stylish dresses. $5
up: drestes made over. 3 Eddy St.. rms. 14-15.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; ■ they will find
her a true friend; home- for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st., between
Hyde and Larkin. - -
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
cure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been ' known to fall;
■ travelers helped without delay; home In con-
iinement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
. liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills. $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlet,
true fripnds of all Invalids, men and .women;
10 years' practice; safe and quick' cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy.' privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; - travelers - treated: no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. .M. DAVIES, 122S Market
. St.: Dills, 11; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
. ventlve; price $1 50 per box. ■ sent free by
'mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution — Before pur-
ensstng elsewhere write vii. ...
NEW pro2esß sent for female trouble: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation free;
mves disgrace; pills and . capsules. , $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all j
• cases of monthly Irregularities from .what-, !
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped instantly;
hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL.
1122 Market st.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
"WOMEN'S ailments— Ladles In trouble, see Drs.
Goodwin free: reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed: any complaints: no In-
struments; matprnlty home: best medical at-
tendance: pills. _; cure. $5: hours. 10 to 8. Re-
moved from 401 D Van Ness tn 1362 A Market.:
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly- Irregularities restored;
whatever cause: all ca»»s relic- Immediate-
ly: call or write: confidential. 1023" Market.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla. ■>
ALI« married ladlep know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. ;
$1 EO. ' Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU- !
RO MFO. CO.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 ' Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort; b»st care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adoptpd Into good homes. :
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
femnle troubles; no danger: «afe cure: -$2 B0:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until ton late. ;
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife, nleasant. \, minny
home in confinement. 166- Second st. - Tele-
phono Green 52. '. ■ •'.. . . : - , .
ET.FVENTH. I««— Branch office of The Call
Pi!h?r-ri r ,Hnrn» bitV nils toU»n -
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont Bt.
SET, diamonds and carbuncles— pendant, brooch.
liiriings; cost $400, for $170. Arlington, 1015
Markef.st. : , . '
A PETITE lady's diamond, ruby, sapphire and
emerald set watch for $45; cost $150. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
MASTIFF, pups. Rose cottage. Maple court, off
Fourteenth ~. St., bet. Guerrero ; and • Dolores. , ,
2 HORSE power gasoline engine. $63. MELVIN
TAYLOR. 690 Brush st., Oakland. :.
FOR SALE— Fox terrier dog 4 months old. . 227
;'.;' Day St., . near. Twenty-ninth.
LARGE National ■ cash register, at 14 Mason
street. ,■, ■ '. ■.■■ ;-' -.■.■-.- - - .
DIAMONDS; big bargains in them for holiday
presents at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
■ Cal. • Belt Co., : 519 Mlsslon;:tel. Br.: 331. * '
BARS, back bars, mirrors,' showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019- Mission at..:
above Sixth. ' "■ .'■ :'-". ■•.-:'."' .--• .-'■-'
LARGE 35-foot launch: S-foot,beam: 10 horse-
power. ' Box = 1652. Call office. . ■ - . . ■.:
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers,' pumps, hose.
, belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 'SI 6 Mission st.
SAFES— The 1 Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417 :
423 : Sacramento st. ■ ; '
1 AND 2 barber washßtands.: cheap. HUP--'
SCHM7DT. 623 Golden Gnte aye. , ■ : ,
J ■ R. POOL, house-mover, 'dealer : second-hand
' building material. 1124 Mission: tel.' South 757.
SAFES-^ Bargains lln ; new and I second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. B".'
• '■- : .":.. '" ■■.'-: LOST.. '■■.■•'■;•■■..••;;■ £*■ '-
$25 REWARD— from my home at Fair
Oake Sunday: night one -Great Dane dog;
years old; , tiger marked. A. ROY • HARRI-
" ' SON. '■ '•''■'" -•^•'/.■^•■■l ■ ■'■"-' -''■'■■■'■' ■■-'■- ■'. -;'
LOST— Chestnut horse; young; I white ' stripe on
face; sore on 'right shoulder. ' Finder ■ return
■ to R. W. SCHULTZE, Fifth aye. south, and
';■; receive- reward. . '.■';■
— December i 3. - between . ■ Capp, • Mission.
Thirteenth < and Hermann , sts., • lady's ■:, gold
, closed-face watch; picture of boy Inside/. Re-
. . turn :to ; 115 Gough . st. ; ; suitable ; reward. v . r
PURSE containing 2 pairs of earrings and ros-
:-- nry beads and money. T * Return -grocery, <
: , Twenty-sixth and . Folsom; I reward. . • y~. . -
LOST— A I physician's ; pocket-book. ' Finder will
• : please return ■to owner. DR. C. A. CLIN-
' . TON, Twenty-first : and Howard Bts., and ■ re-
■•;< celve ; reward. ■':■:■ '-.-.*.. '/-'■''■■.- ■ ■ ..1
BRINDLE bull pup.' Return . to*Usl Harrison
■ St.; liberal reward. .... :..-;,£...:■ ■,-'..--• -' ; ; .
BRINDLE -- greyhound V bitch. ; Return -to J.
■-j O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont : Bta., i and
i " receive reward. -f-'- ■".--; i^-'- ■'.<-•'-■ ■- ■--.■ . ..,■■ .■■ -
IN^Western Addition, < red cocker spaniel' dog;
:.: liberal ; reward. " SCH.MJDELI,, 1 307 Sansome,
'....'.:.. . ..: .... ../....
HOUSES FOR JSALE^
H. C. DECKErTTo2O Marker st~~ opp. Fifth.
60-room hotel and bar 17000
S2 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms: on Sutter st 250
32 rooms; exchange for house and lot — 22U0
4S-Rf •■ CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FITRNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house and irnlture..s 850
S rooms; new furniture: cost $550 . 200
12 rooms on Market: rent $40 4">o
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms: corner: clears $150 , 550
46- room house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
A— KREDO & CO 22',, Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms: elegant; clears $50 $.'.V)
12 rooms; Ellis st. ; always full 800
12 rooms; Market st. ; a snap 4.10
13 rooms; all housekeeping; clears SSO S5O
14 rooms; near City Hall: cheap rent Km)
17 rooms; transient; best on O'Farrell.. S5O
15 rooms; Third st., near Market 47"
37 rooms; near Kearny st. ; transient RSO
3S rooms; fine business corner 1100
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $800
37 rooms; select; transient 1500
13 rooms; rent $50 550
14 rooms; north <>f Market: clears $50 550
22 rooms; all new furniture
IF YOX T WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION AND PRICE.
P. C. HTDK ft CO., 1906 Market st.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
IS rooms; $300 cash; balance payments.. .. 55."0
22 rooms; brand new; must sell; make offer. ..
20 rooms; doctor pays ?;..">: rent S6T) 1.400
2S rooms; Post St.: fine place 1.800
35 rooms ; near plaza 1,600
100 rooms: corner; offices: elegant 6,000
$330 — BIG-MONEY propostion: 33 rooms; al-
ways full; lartte profits: cheap rent: central;
ball cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
LODGIXG house of 27 rooms; sunny corner;
firnt-clas-'s location: cheap for cash; no agents.
Address box 4SO. Call.
$100 SURE profit over all expenses: 22 rooms
near Baldwin; make offer to SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st :
32-ROOM sunny corner house; rooms all rented;
sell at a fine bargain. 704 Howard St., cor-
ner Third.
LODGIXG house at a bargain If sold to-day.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
597 Ellis st.
SEVEN rooms, furnished, for sale; bargain.
441 O'Farrell st.
PRESENT that J4-karat g"ld gent's watch;
i.ri-'M <:"-'. Ht CNi'l.K HAKHIS. If, Grant aye
LODGING HOU E» WANTED.
WANTED— House of 10 or 15 rooms, suitable
for lodging-house; cheap rent and 1 month
frt'p. Address box 7<W, Call Office, Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Stetnway upright 187 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
13fi Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$' per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway donler*. corner Kenrny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades !
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every- |
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the npxt few weeks while our -store
Is being remorlpled we will nffpr the greatest
bargains In plano3 and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 761 Market st.
A STEINWAY. $175; StPck, MsO; Estey. $225;
Fischer, $250: Weber. $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up: rent all< wed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House. ?04. Post ?t.
WM. O. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent I
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co., Boston.
HAR'IMAX Agencv — A beautiful instrument,
fine tone; not the laipst style, therefore cheap '
for cash. Room 12, Flood building.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Wareroom!-. ISIS M^kpt st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
ering. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos: easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FIXE StPlnway and new Chickering uprigh.
sacrificed. KEFFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye
$l. r .o— FINE Stein way: great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano chean: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights. $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HAVES. 339— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and arls taken.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veying. assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
WANTED— French pupils by French lady, ex-
cellent scholar; speaks native tongue; re-
cently from the East. 1931 Pine St.
LAW schools, 927 Market St., city; 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F. C. Caldwell: w vr*.
experience. Emm i pprec_?ls Lldg., 927 Mnrket.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th St.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st. : 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrntt bldg.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
ber; full tet of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c: teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are or.iered: consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason : s. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A, FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillingß, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR^GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
trncts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3: received S first prizes;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
BET of teeth. $5: fillings, gold. $1 up: silver. 25c
up: bridge work: plates repaired: all work
palnlpss and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists. 969 Mission st.. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. J5 up: filings. 25c up all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
897 Market st.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM WILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Fleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reaso Me; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold, 50c; silver, 25c; crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th— Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
ALL rk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W.»KEY. 1320 Market St.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, layn carpets. C. 11. STEVENS, Mgr.,
f 38 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone STouth 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor woric
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 35_-57 Tehama st. : tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 8 EJlghth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 12R
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 29*. GBO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
BUSINESS CHANCES. '.,.;...:,
$800— RESTAURANT; north of .Market; bar-
gain . if sold immediately, on account of be-
ing compelled. to go East. MCLAUGHLIN; _;
CO., 777 Market st. ■ ' ' ■"■' , ■•'/■
$250— SALOON; bargain If sold this day. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$2000— HOTEL in the city, building included;
good-paying . business: long leaser satisfac-
tory reason for selline. McLAUGHLIIM _
CO.. 777 Market st. • <■
$2500-SALOON : business . over $800 per month;
disagreement of partners cause ot sale. Mc-
LAUGLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
START a mail order business at .home. ] 'ar-
■ ticulars for Etamp. . ORMOND CO.. Dept. To.
Chicago. ' • • "' ; " ' .
5250-BRANCH bakery and variety store; bar-
pain. Mclaughlin _ co.. m Market s_
A— «_»• DFLICACY an.) lunch; positively best
in city; receipts average $4j daily. KK_DO
& CO., 22V-J Geary st.
a (cm-'rORNER grocerj' and bar; clears $100;
AnrnellvfngA n r ne1lvfng r9oms. P KREDO & CO.. 22V, Geary.
w sr^ > r E KR^g"£ ! "l_!
A-$175; SALOON; daily receipts $7 to n^y
snap; call at once. KREDO & CO.. >-te ueary.
$700-SALOON; .15 . furnished rooms; 20 regular-
roomers; $200 worth stock; sell barrel wh^ky
. a month: bper trade very large, apy one look-
in;? for _enulne bargain should see this with-
out fail. JONES, SCo Market st. •
PARTNER wanted to take controlling interest
an.', develop gold mine- on f mother lode, well
situated on the best locality^ , lrl^hls Sta te.
For information: call on J. W. WRIGHT &
CO., 630 Market st.
A-WE have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell_ B}\e us _
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
A-$250-POSITION at $60 per month; light '
work connected, with established business
good security; full investigation. National
Agency. 7 Grant aye. ;_ — I— T
CORNER saloon; clears $75 month;. a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $<o .montn.
«30— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo
$75— Branch bakery; Market St.; rent Jls* ■ ■-•;
$125— Cigar store; receipts $150 per month.
Bargain at National Agency. -7 Grant aye.
I WISH to meet one or ■ more gentlemen who ,
have from $2500 to $25,000. to invest in a new
enterprise that has been developed sufflc ent y
to prove it to be highly profitable/ absolutely-
safe, practically a monopoly and of great
magnitude; only replies accompanied by ref-
erences or some evidence .of responsibility
will be considered. Box 421, Call.
CORNER saloon in wholesale district:
Market and California, sts.^complete: estab-
lished, paying business. Call at .16 California
st. between a and 10 a. m. and 5 and 6 p. m.
WANTED-Either lady or gentleman to join
lady In lodglng-house<business: small amount
of means and references required. Address
box 207. Call office. Oakland.
SECOND-HAND store for sale or exchange:
snap for some live man or woman. Address
box 309. Call office. Oakland. : - _____
PARTY with $500 can secure a partnership
. legitimate business yielding fine returns. • Aa T
dress box 266, Call office. ■
CORNER family liquor store, ' with _bar; good
location. For particulars apply SE corner
, Sixth and Folsom sts.
MILLIONS made In patents; a new one Just
on the market; $2000 can have half interest.
/Box 2SI. Call offlce _
AN elegant new house of S rooms. 811 Shrader
St., near the park; terms easy; open for in-
spectlon. . ' ■-'-•" ••■■'■-.,-■■ -
WANTED— A partner with capital of J3OO to
take hold of good proposition. Address box
419, Call. - - - ■ ,
BUSINESS woman wishes man with small
capital, in restaurant business. Box 283. Call.
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith's shop, doing a
nice . business. Electrician, box 473. Call.
PARTNER: lady or man; S5O a month and
board clear. Box 470, Call of flee. -.■-.•
$1800— JEWELRY business at a bargain if . sold
iat once. Box 676, Petaluma.
TO LEASE dairy ranch of 60 acres, 25 ciws
with milk route; adjoining , prosperous lown;
good opening for industrious ni-in with sjrae
money; parties meaning business <cc Men-
day. if possible, MRS. STARR, Vallejo.
$600— DRUG STORE partner .vaned: pay
clerk's wages now:. five months openei; t;ood
chance. Box 324, Call office. : .
— CORNER grocery and bar; stock worth
the money; cheap rent; fine location; no
agents. Call office..
FINE saloon for sale cheap; leaving the city.
- 423 Bush st. . ■ ' ■ '•-■■ " :'.■■ .'-'"■■
FOR Sale— Candy store; cheap: 2 living-rooms '<
connected. Address box 325. Call office. ■•■■__
SHOE shop; doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable: • 332 Bush st.
CORNER cigar stand for sale; heart of city,
near Powell and Ellis sts. ; connecttd with
■ one of the best^hotels; inspection invited; best
of reasons for selling. Address box IS6S. Call.
DRUG store, clean and complete stock and fix-
tures; in good location: investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Box 151S, Call.
WELL-STOCKED,' old established grocery and
liquor store: 5 living rooms; cheap rent: two
flats helping pay rent. Inquire Call office.
BAKERY with lurniture for raU: only store"
trade: good - new oven; good chance . for a.
'baker. Apply fßls 'of flee. . ' .
SILVER ' DOLLAR saloon, 312 Sansome st.
(with lease); make offer. " - -
COUNTY rights for sale: good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwrlght, rm. 709, 927 Market.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarter*;
eupplled aa wanted at lowest prices. 107-10*
Beale st. ,
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
■ Subscriptions and ads taken.
~ MONEY; TO LOAN.
TO LEXD, SUMS FROM $500 TO $50,000, at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, s- '«i»Mt.uie by install-
■' ments.
Money loaned- on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital • procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
MONEY to loan in sums of $5000 to $100,000 at
6 and 6Ms per cent; mortgage security; appli-
cant will be required to give full particulars
In writing, : particularly the rental income.
Apply to. J.McCALLAN. 308 Pine st. y
LOANS on furniture or pianos, in S. F.. Oak-
- . land or Alameda at lowest ' rates, without
removal: ■■ no ■ commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 ' to' 1C23 Mission st., abov»
Sixth: telephone^ South 14. . jg^k.
LOANS to sa_rled people holdlnc 1 permanent .
■ positions ;•>• no . security except their name;
easy payments. New Era ■ Loan i Co.. I rm. 25, .
1003V4 Broadway. Oakland; hour3,loto 3. .
HIGHLY respectable and private placg to 1 ob- "
■ ■ tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
. elry at . the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 40S. Parrott building. V ": • > ,-.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
.. moval; low rates: no commission ;v $25 > up; -
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st. 
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real : estate. 2d
and 3d mortg-ages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm.
DIAMONDS, diamonds: hichest amount loaned. "
lowest Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
BORROW from the - CUT-RATE LOAN OF^
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture." pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. -
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market St.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
i any proposition. . Dryden. 413 Montgomery st. .
CKEAPEST and best In America— The. Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United •":
.States or Canada one year for $150. postaga
■ paid. ,
FINANCIAL.
"HOW to Win in Wall St.": Just published by
a successful speculator. Full of valuable hints,
■ free for stamps. Publisher, P. O. box 196,
; : New York. • .■. ■ ■ : :
NOTES discounted; loans neeotlated. SYt-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
3IONEV WANTED.
WANTED— To borrow $1600 on fine- property In "
3 Berkeley. For Cheap: 27. acres Im- '
■ proved, •10 miles from Berkeley. P. O. box
20. Peralta. Cal. -
' ; SEWING MACHINES. ~
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer , and White
. ; .; cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: "phone. Mint ; 45.'
ARL kinds bought, sold, ', exchanged, rented;
repatrlne sat lowest ratps JO5 Fourth »t. "."
;TYI'E WRITERS.
ALL • tpewriters -Fold and rented; few partly"
:■■ ■ u*ed *: for * sale cheap; Bend ' for ■ samples and
Prices ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
: HAMMOND. $25. Callgraph. $15: j Yost. $13;
: ret sample work SCOTT. 533 Montgomery «t-
~~ PHYSICIANS. -r -
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. 'O'Donnell.-. '-■
and r<Bldence.' 102Ty. Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
■'•■ ■ •-.■..: STORAGE. ■','."•'•;'■■
: PIERCE-RODoXpH^toragTlmd^_lo^ln^"cor .
, Otflce 4U Post Bt.; cor." PgweU; tel. Main 67«t_ . CITY REAL ESTATE.
O. H. UMBSEN * CO.. "v^iT" ~~"- T*
.. ' REAL. ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHOICE WESTERN .DDITION LOT.
$1250— First-avenue boulevard; 25x110; street
sxcopted.
< COZY COTTAGE VERY CHEAP.
Jlsoo— Cozy cottage. 6 rooms; nice flower _«r-
den; lot 2»ix7«; handy to several lines of street
cars: will be sold on very easy terms.
COZY MISSION COTTAGE VERY CHEAP.
Bay-window cottage and lot; Mission
*arm fcelt; handy to the Mission and Outro
street car lines.
.°,2£ V STERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$.000— Steiner st. ; cozy cottage of 5 rooms and
bath and lot; will be sold on easy terms; small
amount cash; balance In monthly payments,
same as rent; nice location.
" CHOICE LOTS.
$120 per foot— residence location In the
western Addition; lots any size; main drive to
Park; street accepted.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
13100— Rents $360 per annum; Bryant st. ; Mis-
sion Warm Belt; 2 n.ew flats of 5 and 4 rooms
and bath each; brick, foundation; all modern
. Improvements; 25x100.
; MISSION FLATS VERY CHEAP.
. $3.50— Shotwell st.: rents $39 per month; 2
flats and cottage and lot; thl6 Is a splendia
offering.
■ p AnK FLATS-FORECLOSURE.
$4101 fine new bay-window flats of 5 and 4
rooms. and <th each; all modern improvements
and conveniences; 2.">xW6:3; offer wanted.
..... „' PAYS BIG INTEREST.
$4000— 3 substantial flats of 6 5 arid 5 rooma
sn<l bath each: bay-windows, brick foundation,
etc.; only s.minutes'. minutes' walk from the City Hall-
handy lo Market. Mission and Howard st i
rars; this is a real bargain; rents $54S per an- .
f I'RKSIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
.^.oo— Elegant Eastlake residence of 8 rooms
n.U itn; all modern improvements and conve-
niences; commands fine marine views and over-
i? 01"0 1 " ' h ' Presidio and nearly the entire city
2i .37.6. *
A NICE RESIDENCE IN THE WESTERN
ADDITION.
$«500— Devisadero Et.; modern 2-story and
. asement bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
i(h. etc. ; Pacific Heights; 25x110; this is very
. lieap. " *
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
.which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
fJ'/M "..'. CHu: G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
- " . 14 Montgomery .st.
- BO'A-RDMAN HOOPER & CO., ' ~
. : Real Estate Agents,
■":": 138 Montgomery at.
$l'&,00O— New modern flats, seven and eight
rooms and bath; renting for $77 50 per month-
street bituminized and accepted; stone side-
walk: lot 27:6x137:6; Bush St., not far from
Van Ness aye.
I9sCo— Magnificent marine view, near Pacific
a\>. and Pierce st.; new modern two-story and
attic residence, containing ten rooms and
bath: square hall; log fireplace; house finished
in natural wopds; polished hard wood floors;
electric- service throughout;' lot 25x112:6.
JssOO— Three new modem flats of six rooms
anj bath, each: total rents $79 monthly; street
work all done and accepted; stone sidewalk;- in
Park Panhandle District .
J'wCO^-New modern two-story residence of
*■>-. en rooms and bath; natural wood finish.
Ji:io6— Fine two-story and. basement residence
•-•r.. Pierce st, near California; nine rooms and
bath. .
J6Coo— rine St., near Stockton: two new flats
pf six and seven rooms and bath; renting for
U2 50-per month; should rent for more money;
j-_t 41 feet : frontage; this is a very cheap piece
of- property.
. |4>O— Jackspn'st. : marine view; lot 40x127 :%M.
$3750— Marine view; corner; Pacific Heights;
lot 30x102 :SU. '
$3500— Fine lot for flats; Gough st, near i
Turk; lot 25x137:6; key lot. ■
$^150— Sacramento St., near Baker: lot 25x137:6;
street work all done and accepted.
$1450 -each — Two building lots, near Park Pan-
handle; lots 25x137:6 each; offer wanted.
JIWO each— Two Park Panhandle lots; near
I Waller st; lot 25x150 feet.
$swv— Second avV, near Clement; lot 25x120;
I worth $125.0.
I 54 'i— clement st.. near Twenty-second aye.;
I lot HOP; offer wanted.
. -+ I
___
A COZY HOME.
In North Beach, near corner of Filbert and
Taylor its. ••house of 5 rooms and bath; com- '
mands fin« marine view; a pretty, cozy little I
home; price tZiM.
.A BARGAIN.
On Tehama. st, near Second: a 2-story brick •
fa se of S rooms in g.xxi condition, with a fine \
large eunny lot 37:6x80; this property Is of- I
fered at a very low figure; price only $3000.
IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.. '
Fine key lot 27:6x137:6, with marine view;
price reduced to $2500.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
Fine Page-st lot 25x137:6; only $2250.
' Send for our list of Pa»iflc and Presidio
y Heights lots with marine view.
CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS!
JS5OO— pa.Mflc Heights corner; 45x100.
$eOoo— Pacific Heights lot: 42:6x107; fine view.
*4GOO— Scott, near Washington; 25x110.
$2500— Shrader st, near Park entrance; 27:6
XlOO.
$30C0— Scott and McAllister; any size.
$22riO— Clayton, near Page: 25x106.
$ISsO— Belvedere, near Waller: 2."x120.
$1315— Frederick" St.. near Cole; 25x137:6.
!..!■> $1000— Fine Potrero lots; terms.
$300 — Fine level lots on bituminized streets
in the Mission; on terms If desired; all front-
ar*e
California, near 12th aye.: 25x100.
McAFEE BROS. McAFEE BROS..
108 Montcomery rt.. San Francisco.
O. F. YON HHEIN & CO..
513 California st
IMPROVED.
$25,000— Market St., adjoining Oriel Hotel;
6x'O4; frontage on 2 streets; sold to close an
estate.
>xl 37:8: lull water lot; improved; leased
for 6 years at J2.V per month.
Montgomery aye. through to Washington St.;
brick improvements; rents $.190.
-, 1":6.\137:6; c-orner of Leavenworth and Green-
wich sts.; 10 rooms and bath; rent." $12,000.
25x40; Turk St., near Laguna; 3 new fiats; i
$11,000.
23x77. Jackson, near Taylor: rents $76; $8800.
25x52:«; Hayes, near Steiner; flats; rent $42 50;
modern bay-window; $5760.
• 20x57:6; corner Dupont and Hlnckley; store
and lodging house;, rents »B.'>; .$lO,OOO.
21x67:9; r.wvll. near Vallejo; rent $18; $6250..
21:3xG3:9; Green, near Powell; new modern
bay-window flats-: rents $38: $4500. '.■
25x122:«: Shotwell, near 24th; 2 flats; $3800.
25x50; Guerrero, near 17th: flats; $3750.
25x80: Clara, near sth; $3500.
26-9x76:9; cornpr Boardman place and Fargo
place; store and flat: rents $22: $2200.
17-«x£7:6; Filbert, near Varennes; $1400.
UNIMPROVED.
(>0x71:10; BE. corner Polk and Lombard.
25x113; Scott, near Washington.
25x55: 13th. near Stevenson; 2 lots. .
25x100; Valencia, bet. ISth and Hth; 4 lo.s.
_■ 25:8x114; 28th. near Dolores.' .'
*» Silver terrace homestead lots cheap.
GOOD THINGS.
WHICHEVER WAV YOU LOOK AT THEM.
H
• O '
HOMES
■ .. • E ■ '
s *
Two new homes In the Heyman Tract (Noe
Valley), Junt completed, having every modern
convenience, and best of all, they can be paid
. for with the rent money you are now throwing
away. Full particulars of
- JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St.
HANDSOME home in the Richmond District
of 7 ri"ins and bath, with all modern con-
veniences. juct comnleted, on $25 monthly
payments. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgom-
.. cry Bt. . ■ - '
BUILDING lots in different parts of the city
on $5 monthly payments.
$75 each: $5. monthly; level building lots, 1 25x
120; only 2 blocks from San Mateo electric cars.
, JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$7 50 MONTHLY payments will buy a lot 25x
300. with 2 cars; 1 block from the Ocean
boulevard and electric ' road; can be
ri^-iri -or $'> monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st. : - -'-" : '
$10 MONTHLY will buy a new 3-room cottage.
Including level lot, near Mission and Thir-
tieth Btn ; 2 Bold in one ireek. JACOB HEY-
MAN, U ..Montgomery st •:■• . . .^..- _
$3«.0<!0— BUSINESS property; centrally located;
Ninth st.v near Mission; rents $175; size 75x
100: partially improved. :
$2600— Pine st; 8 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 x
100- lot alone worth the money. . •
'; • .J. W. WRIGHT & CO.,
.630 Market st
$5000— ONLY. $1400 cash; corner; 22d and Flor-
ida Bts.. with 3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath,
and space on corner for 4 more flats; lot 50x
loo. ».- v---- . ; ,_ ' ■ ' ■
$2250 — Cottage, 5 rooms; Halght, near Bu-
L^hanan; 15x95.
W<o CASH, balance of $500 like rent: Ocean
View cottage 7 rooms," bath, .etc. : fine lot.
* $750— California st. - South, near Second aye.;
KxlOO; the blKgest nap out there. W. H.
CRIM A C 0.. -118 Montgomery st.
r TO partVs going to build— Plans and apeclflca-
tions furnished; good work " guaranteed.
I JOHN FLAHERTY, Builder, 1207 Market st.
$1150— NEW ■ cottage", i 4 rooms and bath : ■ base-
ment; level lot 25x112:6;, monthly payments;, 1
Nook from power-house at Sunnyslde. ? Key at
Wilson's .jstore. : Congo . St. *, i ■'; • ; ."■ =■ - - '
COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath;'oae. ; $267#, 5
rooms and attic; easy terms.- J. ANDERSON,"
builder, Liberty et., nr. , Castro, > or 340 Jersey.
CITY REAL ESTATE. '
BALDWIN & HOWELL. . ' ./;
; 10 Montgomery st.
. $8500— • Handsome new flats . of 6 rooms
and bath each; large lot; Central aye., close to
Golden Gate I«ark; rent $S2.
$2500— Clara st. near Fourth; !«<25xS5; 2 flats,
4 and 6 rooms; rent $25; large mortgage ts22dO);
property must be Bold. ..., . ■
$3750— Rent $S7; Folsom-st corner; 5 tenants;
lot 25x112:6; a 6plendid interest-paying prop-
erty.
$3000— A good cottage of 5 rooms and bath in
Mission warm belt; also cottage, 5 rooms, in
rear; rent $30; lot extra large. - •
— Two fine handsome new flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero
st; rent $62 60; lot 25x100.
' Price "' reduced to $2500— Business . property;
Twenty-fifth St., near Church; lot 25x114; 2-
story building, containing store and 4 rooms;
also 7 rooms and bath upstairs; baker's oven in
rear of lot.
$4260— Rent $40; Clay st., between Powell and
Mason; 3-story building, 6 rooms, bath, etc.
■ $2750— street, near Taylor; 2 flats of 4
and 5 rooms each; lot has 2 frontages; rent $24.
${000— Mason st., near Sutter; house of 6
rooms and bath. - - : .
$4750— Large corner . lot, 35x87:6, corner of
Laguna and Page sts.; good location for »tore
and flats. .
$20,000— Best part of Western Addition (Pan-
handle District); 6 handsome new fiats of 6
rooms and bath each; large corner lot; a splen-
did income property; rent $200.
$7000— Rent $67 60; big bargain; close to
town; Larkih st.. near Vallejo; 3 flats of 6 and
6 rooms each. • - •• : :".^.;
$5000— Powell St.. near Broadway: 2 flats, 5
and 6 rooma; rent f3S; street accepted.
— Fine new residence, 8 rooms; hard-
wood floors;. beautifully decorated rooms: latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole St.,
near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$5500— Sacramento St.; lot 80:6x127; improve-
ments, 2 fiats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath each,
new; rent $45.
; $2750— Rent $25 r lot 25x100; 2 flats of 4 rooms
each; stable; Twenty-third st, near Rhode
Island.
$4150— Big bargain; Jackson St., near Baker;
bay-window . cottage of 6 rooms . and . bath;
stable in rear; lot 25x125.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
• 10 Montgomery st
CHOICE ~ '■ '. -
. PARK LOTS.
TERMS $5 MONTHLY. " . ' '
Five weeks ago we placed on tl - mar>"t TOO
lots fronting on Bth, 9th, 10th and 11th avenues,
and not a great way south of Golden Gate Park
and we have only a few of them left.
. OVER 60 LOTS SOLD.
Prices $270 and Upward.
$25 Balance $5 Monthly.
• An excellent opportunity to make money,
values bound to rise, no property in the city
has such a future. Grand views of. the bay.
Golden Gate Park and its many attractions.
Close to the Affiliated Colleges. Don't wait,
go out to-day to see them, it won't be time
wasted. « , ■
BOTH BLOCKS GRADED AND FENCED.
HOW TO GET "--IERE.
« Take Halght or Ellis street cars and transfer
to the new electric road (taking the place of the
old steam dummy), get off car at Ninth avenue
and H street. We have a branch office there
open daily (Sundays and holidays included).
Blue cars on M.sslon and Ellis streets run
direct from the ferries.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine at, oppo-
. site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping ■ re-
duction:''
$1400 for 4 of the best lots on Falrmounf i
$SoOo— Page st., near entrance to the Park; 4 ;
flats. 6 and 5 rooms' each; rent- $62.
$25,000. rent $186— Stores and apartments In I
best business part of Larkin st.
$34,000— Market Bt., near Twelfth; lot 50x125
feet; well Improved. '
$2250— Rent $30; a 3-flat on Broadway.
$1450 — 2-story 8-room house: south of the 1
Mission; lot 25x100; make offer.
$Gooo— Rent $57; 3 houses on Harriet st.
$12,000—3 bay-window houses on Haight st,
near Flllmore; lot 55x137:6. . -,
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY. - r
$13,000— Rent $94; 4 splendid flats on Fell St., |
near Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x137:6.
$4250— Splendid cottage; Oak St., near Lyon;
lot 25x110; fronting on Park Panhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$62,500— Market st; IV4 blocks from the Bald- j
win; 4-story house; good size lot 9.
$100,000— Fine property on Kearny st, near I
Market; large lot renting at $525 per month, |
nearly 6 per cent net ground rent. .
$42.500— Taylor st. near Market; large lot; I
well Improved: stores and flat!". ■
INCOME PROPERTY.
$3750 — Rent $30; business property; store and
6-room- flat upstairs. ■
$5000— Rent $60; 4 flats on Geary st, near Dcv- ;
isadero: lot 28x125.
$57SO— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary St.,
near Fill more. ■
$2400— Rent • $25; double flats near Sixth and
Bryant Bts. . . " .
E. W. HAWKINS, Dealer , In Real Estate.
nioitguges, loans and insurance. .
11 MONTGOMERY ST. (Lick House block). ]
$5300— for doctor: Mason St., near Post; |
cottage, 7 rooms and bath.
Rare bargain; offered to close an estate;
choice business corner on Valencia st. ; 3 front-
ages; good improvements; size 65x117:6.
$4500 — See It to-day; open for inspection; new
house; modern; up to date; Ashbury Heights:
457 Frederick St., near Shrader; 7 rooms. and
bath, besides storeroom,, laundry and servant's
room: 25x137:6. ■ . . :
$13,000— Scott st, near Eddy; fine improve-
ments; rents $105; lot 65x137:6.
— Post st., near Larkln; 3 two-story
houses; 60x87:6.
$2250— Rent $30; Hlngold Bt, near Folsom and j
Ninth. . . _-v; :.-,-.,;
$200 cash will secure a nice cottage' on Lundy
lane; balance of $700 on easy payments. - -
Baker st, near Sutter; choice flats. 6
and 7 rooms and bath; rent $47 60; lot 25x116:3.
$3400— " $636 yearly;, near . Folsom and
Seventh sts.; 6 flats; no rear house; size 40x7i>.
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS. 11 Montgomery Bt
A— s4ooo; reduced from $4500; an elegant busl-
. ness or residence corner lot on Dolores Bt. ;
size 33x!H); lot- contains a new 2-Ktory resi-
dence of 7 elegantly decorated rooms and 1
bath on end of lot; front is vacant and large |
enough for a store and flats; terms $1200 cash;
balance in monthly installments. See OWN-
* ER, 232 Liberty «t., near Dolores. -
FOR SALE— new cottages; 4 rooms and bath:
latest Improvements: easy terms. See owner
on premises, Prospect aye., behind Mission-
■ Ft. car house.- ' .
OUT a little. way. but cheap; $3; 4 rooms; or
will sell. $30 rash, balance $10 per month.
; THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st. .
MODERN cottage, 5 rooms and bath; 164 Clara
aye., between 17th and 18th sts.; lot 28x136:
payments to suit purchaser. Inquire of W.
J. HERRIN, 324 Pine st.
COTTAGE; 5 rooms ;. bath; large stove
connected. 1042 Church st., near 23d.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR . PARK LOTS. .
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400, $«50, $500 to $SOO each; street' graded, lots
ready to build on; $25 down, $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to , see them. Local ■ agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300: lots near Mlsslon-st electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly. '-
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, 
ROOM "A, " CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS, , 17- ~ " ~~~- : ~
REAL ESTATE ANTJ LAND AGENT,
224 MONTGOMERY 6T.
■ FOR SALK. ■
Choice bulldlnsr lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.: close to electric road. v;..< v
$5000— Good corner, for store; must be sold;
lot 62:4x60 feet.
$6700—60x127:6 . feet on Jackson st, overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. -'....- - . . . ■
. 60-vara on Page St.; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth - aye. - and C
st:: iO9x»s feet. ■:. ;. ■ '.-. . ;.. .-'•.-'
NOTItE to property owners— Sealed proposals
are desired by the Board of Fire Commission-
ers at their office, New City Hall, from own-
ers of real _ property, ; suitable for rnglne-
' house ■ propoB«»d, -on the • block- bounded by
- Second and Third, Mission and Howard sts.,
stating dimensions i of < lot, location and low-
est purchase price. By order of the Hoard of
Fire Commissioners.; GEORGE MAXWELL.
• Clerk. San Francisco. ' Nov." 28. 1898. y ; ■ .>-■ , : . :
$6;>o WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. > GEO. ■M. SALSBURY. Build-
er, C2l X st," Sunset district. . ■• : *.-,
BEE the 2H-karat gem solitaire diamond ring;
price $145. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
~..-. ; ; TIIOPEBTY TO EXCHANGE. ~
FOR eale or exchanges-valuable patents; Im-
mense profits; -highest" testimonials of < their
; value. ■ Address J. W. L., El Verano, So-
■'-;. noma County, Cal. ;." ■-■<-.-v' .'.-:,... f .-yv ■...''■■•■,:■'■':"■
RANCH wanted In trade for nice 7-Voom house;
V. 2 corner lots; S. '< F. ; $8600. 1 Z., ■ Call; , Oakland.
WHAT have you to trade for clear, lots In Den- i
• ver? Address A., 904 ; Broadway, Oakland. |
THE SA:S FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
city 'heal; estate. ; ■
MADISON & BURKE,- Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market St. ...........
$7500 — McAllister st., near Flllmore; two large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
Must be sold— flne^ flats ' on I Hayes st., ■
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $725 C; i make offer.
■ • . - ■ ' ■-■ •- ■ " ' " ■■--
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6. . , :.,  . x
Gough st., near Fulton;. 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6. :;
$6000— flats; Twenty-first st., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90. ,
O'Farrell, near Devisadero; -8 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$2900 — Twenty-fifth st, near Sanchex;.«
rooms and bath; 24:3x114. .
$3000— Cottage . and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; C rooms and stable; 25x114. ,
Webster st. near -McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
mS^* ' ' near Union ; cars pass; lot 26x60; only
'■„ ' $2CCo— Cortland aye., corner Moultrle st. ; 32x
SO and 2-story house; worth $25 per month.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Halght and Octavia 1 block
off Market; 37:6x11/0; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent. • ; . -i "
sts° r e -6xio"- y $ " 50; Callforn a and ; Locust
t^s°<. vv a i?'i Bucnanan - corner of Chestnut; $6000;
iJ< :t)Xl d i :6. -, \ ?■-*.'■ - ' . ■. " -. «
Hs?^~S. r3rant ' neai:Twe nty-flfth; 52x100.
S&SLSf. st _ near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
tt^~£ wenty - flrat ■*•• near Sanchez; 50xU4.
J.i s U;nlon st., near -Webster: 25x100.
$1250-Slxteenth Bt -' near Castro: 25x100.
KH)O— Se-enth aye near J st. ; ICxl2o.
■ $10i>0— Jersey st., near Noe; £5x114. '
California, near Second aye.; 25x100; tSOO.
MADISON & lil-RKK, 626 Market st.
; COUNTRY REAL . ESTATE.
FINE farm, within city limits of . prosperous
# town Northern • California, with water
. rights and alfalfa fields; for sale cheap; trade
l?- r ' I^. ■ F ranclsco property. - Particulars of
■ V,. DEAKIN/ book dealer, 226 Post st, San
■ -Francisco.
10 LOTS— IOOx4OO— 10 lots; $150 each; cash or in-
stallments; 1 lot equal to 21 city lots; 1 lot
makes a nice poultry ranch; land cultivated
and fenced; fine roads, soil, climate and
water; near market ; and city. Ajpply this
■week. Owner, 264 San Carlos aye.
$1050— ACRES level' land; Lake Co.; 9 acres
. bearing orchard,' 4 acres bearing vineyard; s-
room residence, barn and outbuildings; good
well water. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market, r. 4.
150-ACRE peach, pear, prune and almond
orchard, near Oakland; to rert. At SPECK
_ & CO.'S, 602 Market »t.
FOR SALE— 4; lots, , buildings, furniture, tools,
poultry. Box, 265. Call. . . ,
FOR sale— 4 acre* well-Improved, 1 mile from
Petaluma: cheap. ;' Box .472. J Petaluma. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY™ "
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
Office and Salesroom, 460-462 Eighth st, Oak-
land, Cal. ....-■■
$!*ooo— Filbert St.; fine modern - 12-room resi-
dence; 'exceptional sale; investigate.
— Magnificent home; stylish; superior lo-
cation: one of the choicest olferings submitted
for sale for some time.
$15,000— Cost' $23; 000; fine Lakeside residence;
corner; : estate ordered sold; only land value;
adjoins two. elegant mansions. ,
Wsoo— Sacrifice; reduced from $10,000; called
East; must 6ell elegant corner residence, 12
rooms; 80 feet frontage; near station; terms
easy. ... : . . , :_. - .
$4000— Just completed; elegant; 9 rooms; 50x
16S; central; builder bought lot at a sacrifice^
worth $5000; easy terms; see this for a home. 1
$4000— $5000; lovely Fruitvale; near sta-
tion; modern, residence, 8. rooms; lot 80x160;
mortgage $2200; make offer for equity. trade or
cash. . ■' -. , „'. . ' ■ .-* ■;--.-
s32so— One of the loveliest cottage homes"; 6
rooms; 40-foot lot; 5 minutes' walk to Four-
teenth and Broadway. . , ■ .■.'.-■ .
$3300— New latest Colonial style; 7 rooms;
Just completed; on one of the best streets in
Oakland; terms extra easy. - :- • : •>:••>•.■■
$1350 — Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern Improvements; 2 blocks of Market-st. sta-
tion; 4 blocks of Broadway; $350 cash; bal-
ance monthly." * • :■-•" •" • .
'$7Bo Cottage, 4 rooms; trick foundation; cost "'
$1400; must sell this week; If you want a sac-
rifice look at it; near Center-st. station.-. , .. ■
$1500— Mortgage $1100; 6-room cottage; make
offer: large lot; stable; a bargain; location
Piedmont; on . elevated land. • . - • ;-■
$2650— Mortgaged ; , 6-room -cottage; , half-acre
lot in one of the healthiest locations in High-
land Park; must be sold.
$2»so— New 2-story, 8 rooms; mortgaged $2100;
Tliirty-thlrd Bt* near Grove: make easy terms.
$3600— New 2-story Colonial; perfect home; 7
rooms; interior beautifully finished; lot 40x100;
choicest East Oakland location; near station;
'easy terms. . • ■ ■
• A sacrifice — I 1-2 • acres in city limits; no
waste land; elevated location; covered s with
fruit; exceptional home Bite;, adjoining fine
residences; must sell tht3 week; make offer.
• $1250— 1-3 acres, near High et: all in fruit;
finely situated a town-lot proposition; will
EUbdivide into 30 lots; a choice barsaln: in-
vestigate; easy terms.
$350— Lot 32x110; cost $650; owner called to
Ireland;. authorized to sell; make offer.
Call upon us or write for what you want in
properties • for sale or .. exchange.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Real Estate ■ Agents and Auctioneers.
Office ' and Salesroom, 460-462 Eighth st,
• Oakland. . -
$20,000 TO loan on approved seurity; and
■ $1500— On furniture and pianos, etc.
— Klegant residence . and grounds; half
In trade: fine location.'.
! $1150— Cottage, 5 rooms; large lot; 1 block to
I station for San Francisco. • • ■ ••■ ■ ■ : - . >
$40 Der, acre for SO acres:. all in fruits: half
price. ALDEN-GARFIELD COMPANY. .
',:,., ...  . 902 r Broadway. Oakland. ...
ABE you paying rent owing. to lack of Buffl-
. dent funds to purchase a home? If so, don't
wait any longer or property will en^iiee and
• you can't, touch it. You can buy now on
monthly payments with : privilege of ■ paying
up at any time. For- particulars address
"North Oakland Real Estate Headquarters,"
470 Thirteenth st., Oakland. -"■"
$5 MONTHLY wllT\uy a new cottage and 2
. lots in the Alvln Tract: take Havwards local
; train to Elmhurst or Haywards electric car
I-,\ to Jones - aye. ; free carriage meets ■ electric
; cars Sundays. - - . ' :. -•,
.- JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St., or
453 Ninth st, Oakland. . .
HALF value; 20-acre home, Sonoma Co.;
house and ' barn, grapes and •< fruit. . C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland. ,
FOR sale in Oakland— New house,- 7. rooms and
. bath;, 2-story;, best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from ; San I Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. r HERON : &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway. .... - v :
NEW 5-room cottage, ■ high basement, "■ all mod-
• crn Improvements, and 4 vacant .lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance - same as rent* ' Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th st, nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland.
20 GOOD lots, street work all done, $100 and
upward; in Fruitvale; before you buy or
' build see my list: 80-pa«e Illustrated eata-
: : logue. •E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakld.
Iii.MHUKST KfcAL KSIATE.
DELIGHTFUL home; about 1 acre and 6-room
- house with ; all modern ,- lmprpvements; good
- outbuildings ; for • horse, 1 cow and chickens;
. fruit In abundance;, must be sold. See PIT-
TOCK, real estate, near P. 0.. Elmhurst;.
OAKLAND ;;. HOUSEKEEPING .ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1229— Unfurn hou?ekpg rooms,
. carpets: reasonable tn responsible -parties. •
OAKLAND ; ; FURNITURE , FOR SALE.
FI'HNJTURK-Gnnd «nd >rie(ir> '\ H , HKl.tr
HAAP' rlri tt«r»:-'-4M;W»»""' f ,(;'::a...1|1-;
, nERKKJiiiV REAL '•.: ESTATE.'. /.\
COMPLETE"home ; ' 1 block eou th ' of the TT. C. ;
- elegant fixtures; porcelain bath, finished
■ in natural wood; sunny frontage; flow«n» and
fruit-trees;- a perfect home; send - for photo.
i Address M. L. -WURTS,.; Seventeenth and
Broadway, Oakland. >?.■<. :.^- • >■■'-■- -^ ' -'■ W.--
NICEf home, with 2 acres of land, on Telegraph
aye . for Rale or exchange for city s property;
■ price $14,000. Apply to W. DEAKIN'S i book-
■ store.' 22« Post ; St., San ; Francisco. :^: '
FOR SALE— A fine 7-rooro - house :\ all the
. latest Improvements: ' large - lot; > street work
, alt done- 4 blocks from university grounds.
> JOS J. MASON, Real ; Estate, Berkeley sta-
tloiv : . ■-'■■ ■■;■■: ■v:..y-r-';:-"-:.^v'^ i ;-^vF
FOR RENT— A small house and 3 acre* of lan*:
Just the place for a chicken ranch: rent '; $12.
JOS.J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley. -
 . fri'Ttvalk REAL £ bsstatk. -^
SACRIFICE ;Vreduc"ed; from $4500. : *
V Half an acre of sandy loam, with newly reno-
vated house of € large rooms and bath, on one
floor, - 7-foot ; basement; fruit i trees |in | bearing;
fine artesian »reil; located In t the best v resi-
dence section ' of tvale ; / only 4 : blocks I from
statlon; : owner Is. obliged to sell; Bee thls?at
once. : *■-•-': ' "':?!'' ■■' ■'■'. ,"~L -■: -''-■•',. ','■ '■^"■x.'-'V
» $27110—4 7-10 -acres In J cholc* : fruit of different
varieties : -, house ;of 6 rooms, barn, chicken j and
i ' duck houses ; ■. fine i well; ;a ! great . bargain. v ! 4,y-*^
I $I.">oo— New. cottage of 4 ! large rooms and bath;
j marble washstand, ; stationary i tubs, 1 * high -base-
1 ment; : good I brick ' foundation ; ■ lot 60x140; fenced
and i; crocs-f enced ; jf easy | terms ; \ see j, this s f or .? s,
home.
For » full ■ particulars ■■ see H. A. V PLEITNER,
1 Frultva^e station. ' Cal. . ; , '.\^W^^^^[
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— 6o cents on the dollar; one 5, one 6
and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent; best
location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.. Web-
ster-sL' station, narrow gauge.
FINB modern 8-room residence In choicest part
of Alameda; a low offer will buy it. Mc-
AFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St., S. F.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200. $J6OO. $3008.
The above are lovely cottages waich have
been thrown upon the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 6, 6 and 7 rooms, and :.re finished up to
date; almost new. and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and invite
inspection. MARCUSE A REMMEL.
Bay-Bt. station, Alameda. and SSO Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sunduys and holidays.
$1200— HOUSE of 7 rooms: lot 45x150.
$1500— House of 8 rooms; lot 50x146; well,
windmill and pump.
$5250— Central aye.; house of 10 rooms; lot 60
_140.
Houses to let.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st, Alameda.
HOUSES built to order at your own price* and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park st. __
TO rent— New cottage, 5 rooma; all modern im-
provements; lawn; flowers; water free. 1434
Ninth st., bet. Mastick and Enclnal stations,
Alameda.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st..
Alameda. Cal.
GOLDEN GATh KEAL tSTATE.
WORKMEN, ATTENTION!— A good, substan-
tial house with corner lot 50x100, at Golden
Gate, near race track; taken for an $1100
debt; small amount down; balance same as
rent. M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and Broad-
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 26 Morris aye., off Haxison St., near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
A SOLITAIRE diamond ring worth $90; price
$47. At UNCLK HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ELLIS st.— "-room house, bath; yard; rent $16.
Apply at 626 Eddy st.
HOUSE 7 rooms and bath; fine marine view;
large garden; partly cemented buck yard. In-
quire 829 Union at. I
McALLISTER, 667— 513; house 6 rooms and
bath; sun all day.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
et., near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$32 60—3120 21st st., near Capp; 7 rooms, bath.
$28—710 Capp st. ; 9 rooms, bath.
$27 50—2423 California St.; 8 rooms, bath.
$25—2726 Mission St.; 9 rooms, bath.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
AN Ideal new sunny corner residence, ele-
gantly furnished throughout, to lease or for
sale. See photographs and particulars at of-
fice BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Mont-
gomery at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE ft 6 rooms and bath, on Tenth aye.,
with all modern conveniences; rent reason-
able. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; large yard and stable.
218 Collingwood st.
MODERN cottage: very large grounds: barn
and stable; houses for poultry; some distance
from other dwellings; near cars: rent of this
property very low to a responsible party. Ap-
ply 19 Fourth st.
BO— NEAT cottage, 4 rooms and yard. 1705
Turk st., near Scott.
$IS— COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; water free.
183 Douglass Ft., near EiKhte-onth
l'l HMSlli:i) FLATS.
FOR sale or rent— 3-room cozy furnished flat;
north Market st. ; central location; terms rea-
sonable. Apply JONES & CO., 865 Market
ft., ro'Tn 1, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
FLATS TO LET.
•A PAIR solitaire diamond screws; price $27;
cost J6i". At I'NCLr, HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
EDDY, 1807, near Scott— Modern flat, 4 rooms
and bath; rent cheap.
FILLMORE, 2216V4 — Newly renovated upper
ilat. 5 large rooms and bath; rent $2;! 50.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; 3433 Twentieth St., between Capp
and Howard; also 4 rooms and bath, 3442
Twentieth.
FLAT, 1213 Bush; 3 rooms, bath; gas; rent $12.
Apply at 12118 Bush St.; water free.
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath. BV4 Lewis St., off
Taylor, near Poet.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 2004— New sunny modern
upper flat of 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
GREEN, 1725— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath; yard;
basement; marine view; cheap.
HYDE, 1716—5 new choice sunny rooms; all
modern improvements; $20.
JACKSON, 100614. above Mason— Nice sunny
flat, 5 rooms and bath.
JONKS, 1113, near Sacramento — Lower flat of
4 unfurnished rooms; $6; water free.
McALLISTER, 726— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; key at 728.
MODERN upper 5-room flßt. 125 Ash aye.. be-
tween Polk, Van Ness, McAllister & Fulton.
NINTH, 237— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath: $15.
SX'NNY lower flat of 4 rooms, yard. 172 Haw-
thorne st., near Harrison.
TURK. 620 — Sunny upper flat. 5 rooms; bath;
laundry; cellar, etc.; no children.
TCKK, 520B— Sunny upper flat 4 rooms; large
basement; rent $12; no children.
UPPER flat in very heart of city; 910 Jones
St., bet. Pine and Bush: 8 rooms: bath; all I
very sunny; rent reduced to a desirable ten-
ant. Apply MADIBON & BURKE, 626 Mar-
ket st.
UPPER and lower flats, 4 and 5 rooms, $8 and
$9. 366 Precita aye., bet. Folsom and Harrison.
VALENCIA, 187-^Flat of 2 large rooms; rent
tU.
WANTED — Tenants for nice flats, cottages; 10
to 30 days free; cozy 5-room cottages, $li
SPECK &. CO., 602 Market st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery at.
2 OR 3 unfurnished moms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion St., between Eighth and Ninth.
4 AND 5 rooms and bath. 4589-4591-4393 Eight-
eenth Et., near Hattte; $12 and $13.
$8 50— FLAT; 3 lower rooms (rear); 4 closets;
yard. lOCS Natoma St., near Eleventh.
$11—4 ROOMS; yard. 4 A Shotwell st., near
Fourteenth, bet. Howard and Folsom.
$12. $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 6 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary st.
$13— SUNNY flat; range; hot and cold water.
101 Prospect place, corner Sacramento st.
$35-3130 WASHINGTON: 8 rooms, bath.
$22 50— 251t; Mission; 6 rooms, bath.
$20—1807 Eddy; 4 rooms, bath.
$15— 207 Second; 7 rooms.
$18—804 Shotwell; 5. rooms, bath.
$16 — 1106 Trent aye. ; 4 rooms, bath.
$16— 1545 Union; fi rooms, bath.
$16— 14Sfi Fifteenth, cor. Howard; 5 rooms.
$15— 11V4 McLea; 5 rooms, bath.
$14-2416 Mission; 4 rooms, bath.
$12—431 Fulton; 5 rooms.
W. IT. CRTM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRADY, 44 — 3 unfurnished or furnished sunny
rooms; large yard; cheap to small family.
CALIFORNIA^ 705 (The Singleton)— House-
kpg rms. . fur. and unfur. ; luites, single, $4 up.
CLEMENTINA, 707 — Nice furnished sunny
hounekccplng rms.; from $7 up; laundry, bath.
DOLORES, 382. near 16th— $10; 4 rooms, fur-
nished; fine cook stove; yard; running water.
EDDY, 3C5— 2 large sunny rooms; rent reason-
able.
EDDY, 524V4— Unfurnished room and kitchen,
with gas, $5.
EDDY, 743— Furnished room; with running
water; $7.
ELEVENTH, 106— Large sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single; grate and laundry.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 Bunny front rooms, fur-
nished; light housekeeping; private family;
second floor; $12.
ELLIS 639, cor. Larkln— Sunny bay-window;
mantel; kitchen; gas ytove or wood or coal.
FELL, 462— Sunny front room and kitchen, fur-
nished lor housekeeping; quiet place; cheap.
FIFTH, $50—2 or 3 newly furnished rooms;
housekeeping; cheap.
FOLSOM, 776H— 2 large sunny rooms to let for
light housekeeping, $7.
FOLSOM, 12S3— Sunny furnished room for
housekeeping; single and suite.
FOLSOM. 1581—2 partly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, with bath; rent $10.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
FOLSOM, 2848—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; cheap; without children.
FULTON, 228. bet. Van Ness and Franklin-
Front sunny suite and other rooms, nicely
furnished; gas and bath.
GEARY, 1812Vr-3 large suniw furniehed rooms
for housekeepjng; no children; $IS.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 311— $10 only; large sun-
ny room for light housekeeping; gas and
bath; references; private family.
GOLDEN GAT" aye., 1050— 2 large sunny well-
furnished rooms for light houseKeeping; gas
stove, bath free; telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.,i64o— A corner suite, with
separate kitchen; sunny; also single rooms.
GROVE. 131 — One large front room suitable for
light housekeeping; running water.
HAIGHT, 220 — Sunny furnished alcove room,
for housekeeping or without.
HARRISON, 925— One or two large rooms;
housekeeping; furnished or unfurnished.
HOWARD, 1052— Sunny front parlor and house-
keeping rooms; well furnished; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1139— Sunny furnished rooms; sin-
gle and for house Keeping.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near 16th— 2 newly furnished
suites for housekeeping, $9 and $12; bath.
JACKSON, 1414—8 light connecting rooms,, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; sunny
side; $18.
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite of 2 unfurnished
rooms, $10; 3 rooms, $15.
LARKIN, 613— Beautiful sunny suite; extra
folding bed and kitchen; complete. _^_____
LEAVKNWORTH, 515—2 sunny rooms, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH. 617—2 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; down stairs; $7 per month.
LEAVENWORTH, 1503, near Jackson— slo;
housekeeping; 3 sunny furnished rooms;
bath
MARKET, 1597—2 partly furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
McALLISTER, 408— 4 sunny rooms; bath; gas;
reasonable.
McALLISTER, 697 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; terms reasonable; or will take
boarders.
MINNA, 270, near Fourth— 2 nice housekeeping
rooms; rent $6.
MISSION, 839— Large sunny room, complete for
housekeeping, $2 week; single rooms, $1 up.
MISSION, S6S— 3 large newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; also 2 sunny connecting
rooms; modern.
MISSION. 1151—2 nice sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping. ________
MISSION, 1217—2 large sunny furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping, $12.
MISSION, 2035, near 16th— Large furnished
front room; bathroom; $8.
MOSS, 13, oft Howard, near Seventh— 2 or 3
rooms furnished for housekeeping.
NINTH, 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
OCTAVIA, MO3, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow; stationary washstand; light housekeep-
lng; $7 50.
CFARRELL, 717— Four sunny unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap; call at grocery store.
POLK, 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; cheap.
POLK, 610—2 handsomely furnished sunny
front rooms, separate or together: light
housekeeping If desired; private family.
P0Lk7717— Nicely furnished sunny front rooms;
rent cheap; light housekeeping.
SEE solitaire genuine diamond ring; price $10;
worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
SEVENTH, 191— Large ftoat roo;n» for house-
keeping from $7 up.
SEVENTH, 262— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
large yard.
SEVENTH, 553 — 4 large unfurnished rooms,
cottage, $S; also 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, $5, In rear.
SIXTH, 216Vfc— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping and single; quiet house: reas.
SIXTH, 420— Complete rooms for housekeeping;
also front parlor suite and single rooms.
SIXTH, 532 A —3 sunny pleasant rooms; fur-
nlshed for housekeeping; large yard.
SIXTH. 661. rear— 3 good large unfurnished
rooms ; cheap.
SOUTH PARK, 184— 2 sunny front rooms, nicely
fumlshed for housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 429—8 nice sunny furnished
rooms, complete for Jiousekpg, $13; private.
TAYLOR, 1928, cor. Filbert— 4 sunny unfur-
nished rms.; light housekpg.; good view; $10.
THIRD, 18—2 rooms suitable for housekeeping
or workshop.
TURK, 203, near Jones— Two elegant furnished
parlors and kitchen for housekeeping.
TURK. 529—2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; running water; $16.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. near Mission— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; running
•water; etove; $10.
VALENCIA, 191— Suite of large sunny rooms*
nicely furnished for housekeeping; rent $10.
VAN NESS aye., 43— Sunny housekeeping
rooms; separate kitchen.
VAN NESS aye., 300—2 nice sunny parlors;
suitable for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
A SUNNY front room, nicely furnished, suit-
able for lady or gentleman; quiet house: $1
per week or $4 per month. Apply this day,
Sunday, at shoe store, 662 Mission St., be-
twpen First and Second streets.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or c:ngle; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable,
AT Hyde, 609, Sutter, 719— Sunny; choice; rea-
sonable; 5 minutes from business center.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week. $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 30c.
BALBOA, The, 1043 A Market— Changed hands:
renovated; rooms 60c. suites $1 per day, less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tntel.
j BELGRAVIA, 1715 Polk St.— Just opened; ele-
gant rooms; en suite or single; furnished or
unfurnished.
BIRCH aye., 18, opp. City Hall— Large sunny
front room; flre place and bath; cheap.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth »t., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 23 to $5 week: open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BUCHANAN, 1514—2 sunny rooms to let; rea-
sonable.
CALIFORNIA. 832— Sunny furnished rooms;
with or without board.
CARROLLTON, 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate—
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. : $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 207 — Nicely furnished sunny double
rooms; gas and bath: $8 and $10; quiet house.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY. SSO, between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
EDDY, 614— Very desirable single sunny front
room; closets, bath; private family; $S.
ELEVENTH, 139—3 sunny front rooms; partly
furniehed or unfurnished; rent cheap.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot) — Nice sunny suites
& sing., $1 60, i« wk. ; 50c, $1 day: tel. 81. 13M.
ELLIS, 801, cor. Polk— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; front alcove- private.
FILLMORE, 1920—1 or 2 sunny rooms; front.
FOURTH, 224— Furnished room* for light hkpg;
newly furn. rmi. at 244 6th; reasonable.
FOURTH, 303— Front suite- of rooms suitable
for doctor or dentist.
GEAItV. 402— Central location; just opened,
caipeti and furniture new; sunny front
mites and single rooms; transient; reasona-
1 le; al»c of flees.
GEARY, 622— ounny front bay- window room;
ne-wly furnished; gas; running water.
GLOBE Houre, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATTC. 60S— Par floor suitable~for
physician or dentist.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; famlllep.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOLIDAY gift: that $50 Howard watch; worth
$100. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
' suites and single rmi. ; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 674— Large punr-v front room; well
furnished; private family.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; reasonable.
HYDE, 25. cor. Golden Gate— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms to let; rent reasonable.
HYDE, EOfr— Nicely furnished front sunny
room, $6; also other rooms, single, reasonable.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished large sunny bay-
window front room; folding bed If preferred.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
LARKIN, 706— Furnished room, light , and
sunny; also unfurnished room; light housekpg.
LEAVENWORTH, 215— Sunny suite, with or
without kitchen; bath^
MCALLISTER, nr. Van Ness— Nicely furnished
front room; gas, bath; f7. Inquire 444 Van N.
MARKET, 1525 M,. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
Newly furnished front rooms suitable for two
gents or man and wife; reasonable.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Fifth-Everything
new; rms., single or suite, Jl wk. up; trans-
cient; bar in connection.. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsoni and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 667! cor! Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, S39— Large sunny furnished rooms;
$1 a week up.
MISSION, 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house; central.
MISSION, 1220— Sunny alcove room and I for
light housekeeping; running water.
OAK, 23%— Sunny front room, furnished.
OCTAVIA, 404—3 unfurnished rooms, with stove
attached.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 427— Handsomely furnished sunny
rooms; hot and cold water, gas, bath; reas.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny. front rooms; double, single; flrst class.
POLK, 17— Front bay-window room or single,
from $1 to $3 week.
POST, 203— Newly furnished sunny rooms, sin-
gle and en suite, from $7 up.
POST, 634— Sunny front room; grate; running
water; rent $10.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; .easonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 40S— 1 or 2 rooms, complete for house-
keeplng, $10; single, $4; bath.
SUTTER, 809— Pleasant sunny rooms; nicely
furnished: terms reasonable.
SUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortable furnished
rooms, single and en suite; very reasonable.
TAYLOR, 238— Furnished rooms, new and
sunny; 2 rooms unfurnished; bath and yard.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en 6uite or single; bath, gas.
TAYLOR, 916— Bright sunny furnished room:
suitable for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
TURK. 643 — Nice sunny room, $1 per week; nice
sunny room, $1 50 per week.
$4 MONTH; bed and sitting room combined;
sunny; furnished. Box 424. Call of flee.
ROO3IS AND BOARD.
A PRESENT; a diamond and turquoise ring;
price $40. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, C"2— Sunny front suite, unfurnished or
furnished, to suit: sing, rms-.; excellent board.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Sutter St., corner
Jones— Best location in the city; elegantly
furnished; flrst class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; ele\ - ator; pultes, with board, SCO
upward. Please apply between 10 a. m. and
8 p. m.
HOTEL Fatrmount. 1714 Market— Klegant new
furniture: first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 2600— Large sunny room; grate;
large closet; with board for 2, $40;
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL. 742— Sunny single room, with
board, $22 50: home comforts; also front room.
PINE. 743— Parlor suite, excellent board, mod-
erate; single, sunny, grate, closet, $25.
SUTTER, 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. Bl9— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: flrst -class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY will take 1 or 2 children to board; good
home and mother's care; terms reasonable.
697 McAllister st
GERMAN widow will board children for $2
per week. M. C. D., 1035 Sanchez St.. near
Twenty-fourth. •
INFANT or small child. $10 month. Apply
210 Lexington aye.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar to let. with 3 rooms!
Northwest corner Eighth and Natnma sts.
TO LET— Store: 1546 Market St., bet. City Hall
aye. and Larkln st.
$9 AND $10; 2 stores, with living room. 839 Noe
St.. near Market; stable If desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, beat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 SO
to $20. ASHTON & OARTivRR, room 210.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE to let; 16 stalls. Inquire at~4lo~Bay
street.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veteran 3' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 820 oansome st..
Pan Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, December 10, 1898. and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
January 1, 1899, and ending June 30, 1899
Schedules with information and instuctlons
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less It is in accordance with such schedules
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some ivell known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of h!s hid, payable to J
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a g<: *1 and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reseives the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amoiant specified
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal. By rder of the
Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
BIRTHS-fAMAp^raATiT
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will nut be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of -the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
ANDERSSEN— In this city, November 21, 1898,
to the wife of Adolph Anderssen, a son.
COURTNEY— In this city, November 26, 1898.
to the wife of Alphonsus Courtney, a daugh-
ter.
HARRINGTON— In this city, November 29,
18!)8, to the wife of John J. Harrington, a son.
JOHNSTON— In Stockton, November 2S. IS9S, to
the wife of Walter E. Johnston, a daughter.
PAYSER— In this city, November 27, IS9B, to
the wife of E. L. Payser,.a daughter.
RICHERT— In this city, November 30, 1898, to
the wife of A. Rlchert, a son.
STEVENS— In this city, November 28, 1898, to
the wife of Arthur Stevens, a son. ,
MABKIED.
BERRT-LKWANDOWSKI-h! Oakland, Cal.,
December 1, 1898, at the First Methodist Epis-
copal Churofi, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille,
Curtis Berry and Cella Eaton Lewandowskl.
both of San Francisco.
CLASSEN— SCHRECK— In this city, December
1, IWS, by the Rev. J. FuendellnK. George C.
H. Classen and E. Louise Schreck.
COLE— COLE— In Oakland, November 29, 189S,
by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, A. B. 11. Cole
of San Francisco and Ellen E. Cole of Oak-
land, Cal.
FRIEND— HEWES— In this city, December 3,
1898. at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. C. W.
Hewes, by the Rev. Dr. Spauldlng, Welling-
ton Delano- Friend and Lillie Florine Hewes.
KREUTZKAMM— WEISE —In this city, De-
cember 3, IS9B, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling:,
William C. C. Kreutzkamm and Anna Weise.
LANE— KUHN— In this city, November 30, 1898,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Galusha W. Lane
and Alice J. Kuhn, both of Wrights, Santa
Clara County. Cal.
~HDiEi>r~
Borden, Judge R. Heffernan, Nellie H.
Cole, Elisabeth C. Jensen, Annie C.
Cotter, David Meadows, Georgia
Daly. Miuy Mentel, W. F.
Dawes. Richard C. Morton, Thomas
Derrick. Lena L. Murphy, Besey
Durschke, Joseph O'Farrell, Jane
Eglng. Christian Osterloh, Adolph
E!:m, George H. PljbJ, R. H.
Fisher, L. P. It.ichel, George W.
Flaherty, Patrick M. IMordan, Timothy
Gallagher, Patrick Roach, Alexander
Ginocchio, Mary G. Smith, Fannie
Goldsmith, Jeanette Tait, James
Gump, Gustav Wright, Mrs. James
Harris, Arthur L.
BORDEN— In this city, December 2, IS9S.
Judge Rhodes Borden, beloved son of the
late Dr. Joseph and Juliet Rhodes Borden, a
native of Alabama, aged 48 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inyited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 424 Scott street, between Fell and Oak.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
land.
COLE— In this city, December 2, 1898. Eliza-
beth C, beloved wife of Robert Cole, and
mother of William J., Katie M. and Annla
A. Cole, a native of Ireland, aged 35 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend t!:e funeral this day
(Sundays, at 12 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 3516 Army street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COTTER— In this city. December 1, 1898,
David, Infant son of Thomas S. and Mollla
E. Cotter, a native of San Francisco.
DALY— In this city, December 2, 1898, of scar-
let fever, Mary, beloved daughter of Maurtca
and the late Maggie Daly, and sister of Joha
D. and Maurice V. Daly, a native of
Francisco, aged 7 years.
DAWES— In this city, December 2. 1898. Rich-
ard C, husband of Emma R. Dawes. and,
father of George, Minot and Rufus Dawes. a
native of Quincy. Mass.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1913 Eddy street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
DERRICK— In this city, December 1, 1898,
Lena L.. beloved wife of John Lincoln Der-
rick, mother of Leo B. Derrick, and sister of
Mrs. R. L. Goldstone of Oakland, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 25 years 10 months
and 4 days. (Philadelphia. Pa., and Albany,
N. V., papers please copy.)
C?"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« *»neral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from Bethel A. M.
E. Church, Powell street, between Jackson
and Pacific. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DURSCHKE —In this city, December 1. 1898,
Joseph, beloved husband of Ellen A. Dur-
schke, a native of Germany, aged 6S years. *
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hail.
413 Sutter street, under the auspices of Lau-
rel Grove No. 17, U. A. O. D. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the undertaking
parlors of James Hagan, 445 Valencia street.
BGING— In this city, December 2. 1898, at his
residence, 316 Leavenworth street, Christian,
beloved husband of Tillle Eglng, a native of
KUngenmuster, Germany, aged -44 years. A
member of Verein Elntracht, California
Schuetzen Club and San Francisco Turner
6chuetzen.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend The funeral this day
fßunday), at 2 o'clock, from Turn Verein
Hall. 323 Turk street, where the funeral serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of tha
San Francisco Turn Verein. and thence to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, whiere the remains
will be cremated.
EHM— In this city, December 3, 1898, George
H., dearly beloved son of Paul and Rosia
Ehm, and brother of Paul, Charley, Rosle,
Flossie. Oscar, Elle, Dora and Arthur Ehm,
a native of San Francisco, aged t months.
FISHER— In Oakland, November 29, 1898, L.
I. Fisher, a native of Connecticut, aged 75
years.
iry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:80 o'clock, from the First
Congregational Church. Oakland-
FLAHERTY— In New Orleans, November 26,
1898, Patrick M., beloved son of Catherine
and the late Thomas Flaherty, and only
brother of Mary Flaherty, a native of Oak-
land, aged 21 years 8 months and 15 days.
GALLAGHER— In this city, December 1, 189S,
Patrick Gallagher, brother of the late Frank;
Gallagher of Linda Township, Yuba County,
and cousin of Mrs. Matilda McCartney and
the late Fussy Gallagher, a native of County
Derry. Ireland, aged 62 years.
C^Remains can be viewed until 1 p. m.
this day (Sunday), at the parlors of the Cali-
fornia Undertaking Company, 123 Stockton
street, corner of Geary. Funeral at Smarts-
vllle to-morrow (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock.
GIXOCCHIO— In this city, December 3. 1898,
Mary G., dearly beloved wife of G. G. Glnoc-'
chio, mother of Clorinda, Lillian, Isabelle,
Arthur and Ethel Ginocchio, daughter of
Mrs. M. and the late Joseph Guinasso, and
sister of Mrs. J. Devoto, Mrs. A. Cordano,
Mrs. M. L. Splnetti and Joseph, John and
Teresa Guinasso, a native of New York, aged
84 years.
GOLDSMITH— In this city, December 3, IS9B.
Jeanette, wife of the late Gustave Gold-
smith, mother of Mrs. Isadore Rosenzueia and
Milton and Henry Goldsmith, and sister of
Mrs. S. Kohlman and Mr. S. Sternhelm, a
native of Germany, aged 55 years,
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1.->3l Geary street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
GUMP— In this city, December 1, 1898, Gustav,
beloved husband of Fannie Gump, and brother
of Sol Gump of San Francisco and Mrs. D.
Hausman of New York City, a native of
Heidelberg, Germany, aged 59 years and 3
months.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3014 Washington street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit flowers.
HARRIS— In this city, December 2. IS9B. Ar-
thur L., beloved husband of Bertha Sanger
Harris, a native of Montreal, Canada, aged 47
years. (Clipper, Mirror and Dramatic News
please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HEFFERNAN— In this city, December 3, 189 J.
Nellie Hayes Heffernan, beloved daughter of
Mrs. Mary Mullaney, and sister of the late
Mary A. Barker and Dorenda C. and James
Mullaney, a native of New York City, aged 42
years 3 months and 11 days.
IC7"Notlce of funeral in Monday morning's
papers. Remains at the Darlors of H. C.
Bunker & Co.. 2686 Mission street. Mission
Masonic Temple.
JENSEN— In Oakland, Annie Catherine Jensen,
wife of the late Anton Jensen, and
beloved nuther of Mrs. Annie C. Roos and
Chris J. Jensen, a native of Denmark, aged
D 5 years 5 months and 2 days.
lE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 120 Ettle street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery-
MEADOWS— In this city, December 3. 1898.
Georgia, beloved wife of A. J. Meadows, aged
30 years.
tCFuneral private.
MENTEL— In Alameda. December 1. 1898. W.
F.. beloved son of the late William and Jo-
hanna M. Mentel, and brother of Minna and
Marian Mentel, Mrs. J. L. Ansel and Mrs.
J. Kirwan, a native of San Francisco, aged
17 years and 11 months.
MORTON— In this city, December S, 1898.
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret Mor-
ton, and father of Mrs. Walker, a native of
Stirlingshire, Scotland, aged 6S years.
(tTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MURPHY— Entered into rest, November 30.
IS9B, Besey, beloved wife of John J. Murphy,
and dearly beloved mother of James J. and
Loretta C. Murphy, Mrs. J. J. McElroy and
Mrs. J. H. O'Brien, a native of County Long-
ford, Ireland, aged 53 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 209 Clement street, thence to Star
of the Sea Church. Eighth avenue, near Point
Lobos avenue, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'FARRELL— In this city. December 3. IS9B,
Jane O'Farrell, dearly beloved mother of Ed-
ward. Fr<*d, William and Albert Robinson.
Mrs Agnes Pope, Mrs. Louis A. Whitney and
Mrs Lizzie Martell, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, aged 67 years.
[CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
OSTERLOH— In Sacramento, December 3, 189?,
Adolph, husband of Carrie Osterloh, and
father of Mrs. R. Maker and Clara, Adolph
Jr , Fred. Albert, Joseph and Willie Oster-
lah. a riatlve of Germany, aged 58 years 11
months and i days.
PAHL— In Sacramento. December 3, 1898, R.
H Pahl, beloved father of J. R. and Rich-
ard Pahl. Mrs. Edward Koegel. the late Mrs.
H. Gaetjen and the late Mrs. V. Schnalholz,
a native of Holstein, Germany, aged 68 years
11 months and 28 days.
It^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street.
RACHEL — In this cltj', December 1. 189^
George W., beloved husbanti of Eliza Rachel,
and father of Harry W. Rachel, a native of
Dresden, Germany, aged 53 years and 4
months. A member of Section No. 70, Endow-
ment Rank, and Bay City Lodge No. 117, K.
of P. ; Court Washington No. 37. F. of A. ;
West End Lodare No. 1102, K. and L. of H. :
Liberty Lodge No. 3496. K. of H. ; Verein Eln-
tracht and German Independent Cong.
dfgr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1030 Mission strea|§ Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
X and L. of H. — The officers and members of
West End Lodge No. 1102. K. and L. of H..
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Dr. George W. Rachel, from his
late residence. 1030 Mission street, this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock.
P. KAPLAN. Secretary.
K. of P.— Officers and members of Bay City
Lodge No. 117, K. of P., will assemble at
lodgeroom, 223 Sutter street, this day (Sun-
day), at 12:S0 o'clock, for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our late brother.
' George W. Rachel.
CHARLES C. MORRIS. K. of R. und S.
RIORDAN— In this city, December 2, IS9B.
Timothy, beloved husband of the late Ellen
Riordan, and father of John J. and the late
Catherine Rlorrlan. a nrtive of Waterville.
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 60 years. A mem-
ber of Alte Lodge No. 242. A. O. U. W.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 203? Harrison street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. December 3, 18!*8, Fan-
nle, beloved wife of Charles L. Smith, a na-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan * Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALirEBJs.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln Bebois»
Telephone South 80.
1314
live of California, aged 19 years 4 months and
I days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
December 6. 18SS, at 1 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, SOS Mission street, near
Twonty-flrst.
ROACH— In this city. December 3. IS9S. at his
residence. 530 Howard street. Alexander, be-
loved husband of Mary Roach, and father of
.Tohn Thomas. James F., Alexander P. and
Mamie Roaoh, a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aped 73 years. iFltchburp. Mass.. and
Long Island and Glen Cove. N. V., papers
;.J.as>e copy )
CTFrlenda and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ Monday), at 10 iVclock. from St. Patrick's
Church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
■TAIT— In this city, December 1, lvs. .Tames,
beloved son of Mary and the late James Tait.
. and brother of Frank and William Tait. a
native of San Franr-isco. affed 2S years.
(CTFrlcnds and acquaintances ar? respect-
fully invited to^ attend the funeral this day
i Sunday), at I o'elook. from his late resi-
dence ~Z2 Tehama street, between First and
:id thence to St. IJrendan's Church, cor-
ner Fremont and Harrison streets, for serv-
ice*. Interment Holy Ooss t.emetery-
WRIGHT— In San Rafael. December 3. IS9S.
Mn James L.. wife of James Wright, and
motlior of two children, a native of Cali-
fornia, atcetl 2S years.
I-ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. December 3.
Rtmr North Fork. Ba?h. 26 hours frm Eureka.
s, lir Archie and Fontle, Johannsen, — hours
from Stewarts Point.
s.-hr Bealab, Mitchell, ? days from Columbia
River.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 3.
, Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
r N>wbun<. Hansen.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgensen.
Br bark Abby Palmer, Ulberg. Port Towns
end.
- ir Ida McKay. Johnson. Orays Harbor.
Schr Alcalde, Weitkunat Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
VOIN'T LOBOS— Dec. 3. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 16 mile*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON— Arrived Dec 3— Schr Barbara
Hernster, hence Nor IS.
li>d Pec 3— Stmrs Arcata and
Empire, for Ran Francisco.
EI'REKA- Sailed Pec 3— Schr Laura Pike.
for San Francisco: svhr Alice, for San Pedro;
echr Heien N Kimball, for Panama: schr ICs
ther Huhne, for Honolulu: schr Occidental and
Eiueneme. fur San Francisco.
TAQUINA HAY-Palled Dec 3— Stmr Navar
ro, for Sa.n Francisco.
FORT HHA<JG— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Se
qi la, hence Dee 2. stmr Coqullle River, hnce
Dec 2
POINT ARENA-Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Alca
traz. for Port Harford.
l3R£ENWOOD— Satlftd Dec a— Stmr Whites
boro, for Port Harford.
A STORlA— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Signal, frm
N ana I mo.
Sailed y>ec 3— Schrs.Lucy and Una, for San
Francisco; Br stmr Monmouthshire, for Hong
kong; Hr ships Lydgate and Crown of Scot
land, fur Queenstown.
GRAYS HAKKOH- Sailed Deo 3— Schrs Jas A
Garneld and \a ttltia, for San Francisco; schr
.C T Hill, fur Redondo.
Arrived Dec 3— Schr A J West, fm San Pedro;
FChr Vega, hence Nov 15; schr Halcyon, from
San Pedro.
REDONDO -Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Westport.
VENTL'RA— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, hence Dec 1.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 3— Schr Ivy. for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dee 3— Schr Gotama, hence Nov 16;
schr Gem, hence Nov 21; schr Viking , hence
Nov 22; schr I>alsy Rowe hence Nov 24.
YAQfINA BAY— Sailed Dec 3-Stmr "Weeott,
for San Francisco.
BOWENB LANDING— SaiIed Dec 3— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Dec S— Bark
Harvester.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool; stmr Alesia, from Mar
seilles.
Sailed Dec S— Stmr Thingvalla, for Christi
tanla; ?tmr Bulgaria, for Hamburg; stmr Etru
rla. tor Liverpool; stmr Scotia, for Antwerp;
stmr La Touraine. for Havre; stmr Furnessia,
lor Glasgow; stmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec 3— Stmr Umbria,
for New York.
GENOA.— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck, from New York.
QUEEXSTOWN-Arrlved Dec 3— Stmr Luca
nia. from New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed Dec 3— Stmr Kaiser Wll
helm 11, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr La Champagne."
lor New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaIted Dec 3— Stmr Paris
for New York.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Barton & w, S Jose Mrs Murray. Stockton
W Hollman. Sacto J N Rodriguez, Fresno
A Steele, N V P F Maxwell, R Vista
J Burke, Arizona J L Crosby, Pasadena
C J Peterson, Grass VI M Sorenson, Taeoma
Mr>- Peterson, Grass VI P Erlrkson, Gosehen
X cordelier, Seattle |J B Smith, Chicago
A Hanson. Omaha IP Carrol], Stockton
W Hotlines, Chicago M Bailey S Jose
P C Mayfield. N V Mrs Brown, Salt Lake
H E Springer. N V
PALACE HOTEL.
F rilman. NY IN W Blanchard. Cat
W P Warren, Boston IF M MrFarland. Cal
S E North. Batavia A V Love. Portsmouth
A S Levy, N V W L Clause & w Pa
C X King, Mansfield M Elchengreen, 111
A D Woodruff. N V L Stein, N V
A Lablanche &■ w. N y F M Kraus, St Louia
C A Mentry. Newhall R E Pierce. S Jose
I T Ramsdell, Cal G \V Maynard N V
W T* Kearney. Can E M Hecht. Berkeley
H L Ferguson. Can J Hecht. Berkeley
W B Wheeler. Chicago c p Buth. U B N
R \V Harris, Portland B B P.ierers. U S N
Mrs H Harrison. Va AE de Recqples. Colo
I F Lee. St Louis J Friedenbprg N V
A E Jackson. Portland E A White. Cal
Mrs J E Bllnn, Or tin E A White. Cal
J C Clark & f, Spokane j W F Walters, N V
A H Winter. Dawson ! R W Taylor. Cal
W J Wellington. N V !
GRAND HOTEL.
R C Johnson, Seattle Mre Perrott, Woodbge
A J Larson, Lodl J WUlli & w. Seattle
' N Crandall, Sausalito A E McClelland & w,
A B Lemmon. S Rosa Falrhaven
V T> Ryan, .-acto Miss McClelland. Falrh
F L Coombs. Sacto ! H Armoury, Vancver
J Bellew, San Jose ! Mr? J Amos, N V
J Forwurd Jr. S Diego; Miss Eunice Amos, NY
Mrs Thielson. Portlnd IJI J R King, Cal
Mrs C Gibbons. L AnglC W Adamson, Oat
. M Collins, Los Ang Iw P Matthews, Sacto
F A Thome. Seattle F E Sharkey. N V
A Breckenridß?. Tcsn ICI C Erickson. Martinez
J Turner. Seattle A A RlfnV. Martinez
G M Emory, Seattle Mr Balfour &w.Frndle
G Forbes & w. S Jose J D Carr. Belmont
A O Salbey. Everett M S Basue &w. S Jse
J H BostwJck, L Ang C H Abbett, Oakland
F H Green, Chicago W Radcliff, Watsonvll
H L L Bluker, Chirag J G Ritchie, N V
Mr* Heintzetman, Sac C Barker & w, S Jose
W Cutter, Marysville C Lindsay & w.S Clra
H Benjamin, Suisun Q B McKee. S Jose
Dr R Kelt, Eureka A de Rochebume JrS J
Capt Whitney Eureka. H E Barber, Stockton
A MathewK, Blame iA J Larson, Lodi
P P Dowd, Beloit.Wis'O Thellel & w. Newcsl
W. P Hammon. Biggs I) Hollister, Courtland
J A Grant & w. X H C C Clark. Napa
J Payne. Portland Miss L Clark, Napa
T Ealland. Spokane A MaPike. St Helena
Mrs A Ealland, SpknelC Redmond, San Jose
Mrs A Thornton. N Hp I M J Behn, St Louis
Miss M Thornton.N Hp G Friedherger & wf,
Miss J Thornton, NHp Clements
A J Osborn. Stockton I J Clapp, San Andreas
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William and Catherine T.<\* to Catherine Ede
lot on N\V line of Market street. 68:6V4 NE of
Ellis. NE 76:11, N 107:6. W 62:6, S 30 E 21 S
25. \V 21. S 97; $10.
Same to William Ede Jr., lot on NE line of
Main street. 22'j:2 NW of Folsom, NW 45:10
by NE 137:6: $10.
John Keleheror Kelleher to Henrietta and
Michael Lacey. lot on SE line of Perry street
v of Fourth. SW 25 by SE SO; JlO.
Alameda County.
B. J. Davis to Mary Davis, lot beginning at
the SE corner of lot 34. block 2024. . Whltcher
Tract. Mtip 2. thence S 18:10 by W 90. being
portion block 2024. Whltcher Tract, Map 2. Oak
land; {10.
• James and Julia H. Davis to tame, lot on
"vV line of Grove street, 32 JJ of Twenty-seventh
or Park, N 43 by \V 90, being lot 34 and N 18
' feet lot 35, block 2024. same, Oakland, quit
claim deed; $5.
Julia Manning to Elizabeth Quinlivin, lot on
5 line of Atlantic street. 74:3 X of Willow. E 25
by S 100:7, being lot it, block 446. Gibbons' prop
erty at Oakland Point,. Oakland; gift.
• William P. and Mary A. Wilder. to Lillio M.
Ingarglola, lot 6. block C. Ga.«kill Tract, Oak
land Annex, quitclaim deed: $3'ifl.
Kmrna E. Kirner-to A. M. Speck, lot on W
line of Pearl street, 200 N from N line or land*
now or formerly of Clarke and Carpentler,
thence W 112:4 by N* 40. being portion Hays and
Caperton Tract. Alameda: JlO.
Delia A. Collins to Charlotte A. Lawrence
(wife of J.). lot on N line of Gfiss street, 10.W-4
"W of Pine. W 25 by N 100, beinir lot 10, block
86, man ■■>t lands at Ooakland Point railroad
ferry landing In Tract 406, Oakland; gift.
Bank oC California to Solon • Patter, lots.l. 2.
6 to S. except the N portion of '.ot 6 conveyed to
S. N. Harrison, being portion of block 2121.
Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland Annex, oult
claim deed;- »10. . > .. ■
J. B. and Jane Moore to E. S. Angel, lot on
XX corner of Moss avenue and Hub- street
BE 50:6. N 119:4,^W 50, S 112 to beginning. bf>-
Injr lots 30 nnd "31. Oakland Railroad Home
Ftoad, subject to mortgage. Oakland Annex.
»io. •% ■ ■ ■ ■ . •: .
Kmll A. and Elizabeth M. Benedict to H.'iiry
A. Plcitner, l"t en SE corner of Merchant ave
nue and Vlcksburg street. E 100 i> y s 123, being
Jots 1 and 2. block . C. .Tudd Tract.' formerly
portion Patterson homestead. Brooklyn Town-
Fhlp: JSOO.
Henry A. and Christine $?. Pleltner to Ellza
lx-t-h Benedict; lot. on F line of l>!se avenue.
f*o N Emit .Fourteenth utreet, N 50. E 136.43. S
V. W 136.66 to beginning, helncr lot 30, block
< r. corrected map Linda Rosa Tract, r Brooklyn
fnwmlhlp: UO. . . ■ . . . .:.■•■•
H.-H. and Minnie A. Castle t" Ran Francisco
Pavinc I'nlon. surrender of 472 d 329. . of lot on
XT. line of Knclnal avenue, 500 SE. High street,
VK 50 by XE 110, being lot 11. Hlrschfeld Tract.
Alameda; grant. .
PARNELL'S '
LIFE DULY
DISCUSSED.
Interest in the Book
of Barry O'Brien.
VIEWS OF NOTED ENGLISHMEN
THEY EVIDENTLY FEARED THE
IRISH LEADER.
Dublin in the Throes of a General
Election, for the Whole Cor
poration Is to Be Renewed
in January.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN. Nov. 19.— "The Life of Par
nell," by Barry O'Brien, has been the
subject of universal discussion during
the past week, both in England and in
Ireland. The work has been looked for
ward to for some years past with great
interest, because it was known that Mr.
O'Brien had been seeking and had ob
tained exceptionally prood Information
regarding the inner history of the great
Irish leader and of the movement which
he conducted. This expectation has not
been disappointed, for the work is full
from beginning to end of original mat- |
ter, and although it will not change the J
estimate which has hitherto been formed
of Parnell's character and work it brings
out the salient characters both of the j
than ever. Among the new things which
Harry O'Brien's book reveals is the fact
which has hitherto not been made plain
bt'f ore— namely, that the English politi
cians with whom Parnell contended
throughout his public career had even a
higher opinion of his abilities and of his
power than his own countrymen. Mr.
Gladstone, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Bright,
Sir Charles Dilke and many other prom
inent English ■talesmen have, in inter
views with Mr. O'Brien, testified in
striking language and in various ways
to the greatness of the man as a politi
cal leader. Mr. Gladstone called him "the
most remarkable man," "the most mar
velous man," "not the ablest man he had
ever met, but quite the most remarkable
man of whom he had ever had experi
ence." Sir Charles Dilkes testimony is,
perhaps, the most remarkable of all.
■'lie always treated us," said Dilke, "as
if we were dealing with a foreign pow
er." The fact is, that Parnell was so
utterly different from all other Irish
leaders in temperament and manners—
so much more like an Englishman to all
outward appearances than an Irishman
—that the English never really under
stood him and that they feared him in
consequence. Another fact clearly
brought out in Mr. O'Brien's book is that
be was a thorough and determined hater
of England throughout his whole career,
anci this motive spring explains his
whole policy. The result was that with
out an army at his back and with a
country not half as determined as him
self tie imposed his will on both the.
great English parties in succession just
as completely as if he had been a con
querer in the field of battle.
Barry O'Brien, It may be added, who
has undertaken the writing ot the life
of Parnell, is an Irishman at the English
bar and has already distinguished mm
st-lf in literature by several works deal
ing with the political history of Ireland
during the last sixty years. Although an
Irish Nationalist he has been on terms
of intimate friendship with all the lead-
Ing English politicians for the past quar
ter of a century, and he has undoubtedly
done more than a man's share in spread
ing true views in England on the Irish
question, especially by his latest work
We are already here in Dublin in the
throes of a general election. Under the
new local government act the municipal
franchise has been extended to the parlia
mentary level— in plain words, the elec
torate for municipal purposes has been in
creased from about 8000 to nearly 00.000,
and as a consequence the whole corporation
of the city is to be renewed in January
next The city is divided Into fifteen
wards, fur each of which one Alderman
and three Councillors have to be elected.
Under ordinary circumstances this gen
eral election would probably have passed
over In a humdrum fashion and without
any exciting circumstances, and there cer
tafnly would not have been any disposi
tion to exclude from the corporation a
fair representation of the minority. But,
as I long since explained in The Call,
an attempt was made last summer to cap
ture the Mayoralty of the city for the
Unionist party, and this fact has changed
completely the whole current of affairs.
The National party have felt that, while
they could safely surrender many things,
they could not surrender the chief place
in Dublin, if not in Ireland, outside the
Government, without running grave polit
ical risks. Accordingly, the whole electo
ral battle now in Dublin turns on the
question of the Mayoralty. A universal
determination has been arrived at
among Nationalists to vote for no man
unless he pledges himself distinctly not
to vote either next year or any other year
for a Unionist Lord Mayor— until home
rule is conceded to Ireland. The very
thought of opposition to this programme
has aroused almost every ward in Dublin
during the past week. During the last
two or three days candidates have been
selected at public meetings, all of whom
have been obliged to take the pledge re
ferred to, and there can be no doubt from
the feeling exhibited that they will all be
elected, although some of their opponents
have been men who have deserved well
of the citizens in their capacity of corpo
rators, the only complaint against them,
in fact, being that on the vital question of
the Mayoralty they outraged the National
feeling and opinion. More events of the
same kind promise to come off during the
coming week, the result being that the
Reformed Corporation of Dublin will, for
the first time in history, consist entirely,
or almost entirely, of Nationalists. In
one sense this will be regrettable, for, un
doubtedly, it would be desirable that there
should be a respectable opposition in the
corporation. Nothing is so healthy as an
opposition, and the "loyalist" minority in
Dublin does contain a certain number of
capable men. In another sense it is but a
just retribution. For 250 years at least a
small minority in Dublin, devoted to the
English Government ruled the roost.
During that time the minority in question
not only kept everything to themselves,
disposing of every office in their glff
among themselves and their favorites,
but committing the most disgraceful job
bery and corruption. In the last century
the Orange corporators of Dublin assigned
away whole streets of houses in after
dinner orgies to various persons for nom
inal considerations, they themselves, how
ever, having received bribes of consider
able amounts. This is the origin of the
vast Dublin estates of two or three Eng
lish noblemen, inc'luHlng the Earl of Pem
broke, who has no other connection with
Ireland. A.l this, of course, is borne in
mind by the citizens of Dublin to-day, and
all thing's considered, it will be no wonder
if it does not whet their appetite in the
coming contests, especially when the ques
tion Is between home rule and foreign
rule.
The people of Saltlllo, State of Coa
huila, Mexico, have called the atten
tion of the United States Government
U> the fact that the bodies of over 500
American soldiers lie in unmarked
graves near that city. They were the
victims of the battle of Buena Vista,
th^ scene of which was fourteen miles
from the neglected military cemetery.
After the battle the dead were con
veyed to Saltillo- and interred, and an
adobe wall was built around the grave
yard.
The revenue cutter went and came, at
an expense of $70. which may be reck
oned as the exact price of the one
lemon which Prince Georgre squeezed
. over his fish that evening at dinner.
THE SAN FRAy CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
GREAT GLEE AT
GRIDIRON CLUB
Ncuable Dinner Given to
Distinguished Guests.
WAR HEROES ARE HONORED
SHAFTER AND SCHLEY RECEIVE
AN OVATION.
The President and Several Distin
guished Foreigners Also Attend
and Enjoy the Many
Surprises.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The Gridiron
Club to-night gave a most notable din
ner, entertaining distinguished guests
from the United States, Europe and
other parts of the world. In the com
pany were the President, Vioe President,
members of the Cabinet, the President
of Costa Rica, the Premier of Canada,
the entire Joint High American Com
mission, General Garcia, the most
prominent officers of the army and
navy, Senators, Representatives and
many other distinguished men.
More than 160 persons were assembled
in the beautifully decorated dining hall
of the Arlington Hotel. The dinner was
in a measure conducted on lines of com
pliment and honor to men who dis
tinguished themselves by both land and
sea in the late war. Great ovations were
given to the President, Admiral Schley
and General Shatter when they arose
to speak, while other speakers received
most generous consideration. Although
the dinner was on the lines indicated,
wit and burlesque were cleverly inter
spersed with the patriotic sentiments,
so that at all times the guests were
never allowed to get away from the
Gridiron method of conducting a din
ner.
President Frank H. Hosford presided
in an admirable manner. He was very
fortunate in his introductions of promi
nent guests, and with sentiment, wit
and satire conducted the features of the
dinner to a most satisfactory conclu
sion.
Speeches are always short at Gridiron
dinners, and there was no exception to
the rule to-night. Remarks were made
by the President, the Vice President.
President Iglesias of Costa Rica, Lord
Herschel, Sir Wilfrid L,aurier, Secre
tary Hay, Secretary Long, Postmaster
General Charles Emory Smith, Admiral
Schley, General Shatter, General Gar
cia, Captain Sigsbee, Senator Lodge,
Mr. Poster and others.
The menu was in keeping with the
other features of the evening. There
were several pages in imitation of
army orders, beginning with a procla
mation of the president of the club call
ing on volunteers (guests) to assist the
regulars at the club at the engagement
in the Arlington dining room from 8 to
12 o'clock. This was followed -by a se
ries of orders in military style, direct
ing the various companies of the club
to prepare the different features of the
entertainment and to assume such duty
as is usually performed by them. The
guests were grouped in divisions of vol
unteers, and in orders very direct and
explicit required to "keep in the line of
fire" during the entire engagement.
A map of the battleground was one
of the unique features, in which the va
rious divisions were represented as
charging through the Champaene
River toward the Table Heights, where
they were supposed to have captured
"Soon Won" Hill. There were several
quips in special order, directed at the
,prominent guests of the evening, which
added to the merry feature of the oc
casion.
Among the features was a burlesque
Investigation of the conduct of the war.
which conveyed some of the more hu
morous fancies of the real investiga
tion.
Members of the committee brought
in immense stacks of testimony, also
large volumes of reports and different
exhibits, which took oft some of the
guests and caused great amusement.
The report concluded with the finding
that there was a war; that Spain got
licked and that the Anglo-Saxons
stood together. As this v.-as done the
American and British flags were un
furled as a compliment to the Canadian
members of the Joint High Commis
sion.
Another feature was the appearance
of Uncle Sam with a number of colored
children dressed to represent the Fili
pinos, and a play was made up on the
new population which would be ac
quired by the Philippines becoming a
part of the United States.
A very laughable skit was the pres
entation of a horse to General H. V.
Boynton, who is one of the charter
members of the club. The horse was
one of the stage variety, and its ap
pearance caused a great deal of hi
larity. ______________
STRUGGLE WITH A WILDCAT.
"Speaking of wildcats." said a sports
man, "let me tell you of an encounter I
had last fall with one of those treacher
ous beasts. I had been out shooting
along the banks of the Machias River in
Maine, and late in the afternoon, when
I was returning to my home in Whitney
vllle, it came on to rain so heavily that
I was glad of the shelter a deserted lum
berman's hut afforded. Being tired, I
soon fell fast asleep. Three or four hours
later I was aroused by a growl from
Grouse, my dog, and on opening my eyes
I saw at the entrance to the hut two of
those much-talked-of 'balls of lire' into
which wild animals' eyes are transformed
at night. My dog was game, and without
any urging it went for the beast without
a momenta hesitation. But Grouse was
no match for his wiry antagonist, and as
soon as it could the dog broke away and
ran out of the hut bleeding, torn and yelp
ing with pain.
"Then, the wildcat's blood being up, it
came in to have a tussle with me. I felt
for my gun, but it had unfortunately been
knocked out of reach during the fight be
tween the two animals, and the only
weapon of defense I had was a large
jackknife. This I quickly opened, and
as the wildcat came near me I dodged
It and plunged the knife well into its
shoulder. The cut made the beast furi
ous, and it sprang for me with such vio
lence that I lost my footing and fell. I,
however, succeeded in throwing the wild
cat from me, but not until it had bitten
my hand badly. The pain made me drop
the knife, and on regaining my feet I
put my injured hand in my coat pocket,
and the first thing I felt was a box of
red pepper which I had brought as sea
soning for my lunch.
"This gave me an Idea, and opening the
box I poured some of the pepper into my
hand, and just as the wildcat was com
ing toward me again 1 dashed the hot
stuff into its eves. Its howls of pain and
rage showed that the pepper had reached
the desired spot, and I took advantage of
this to rush out of the hut.
"At the door I found my gun, and then
locating the beast by the noise it made
I lired. Everything became still. After
;i little while I went in the hut and struck
a match. I was so scared at the size of
the doad animal, which weighed fifty
pounds and was 3 feet S inches long, that
I put for home and never thought of the
big bag of "game which I had left be
hind until I reached Whltneyville."— New
York Sun.
Advances mnrie on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
The screw of an Atlantic liner costs
about $20,000.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The practical business affairs of the
California Miners' Association will be
considered and outlined at a meeting of
the executive committee which will be
convened some time this week by Presi
dent Xeff, who returned to the city on
Friday and took up the affairs of the
association along with other burdens
which he shoulders as Lieutenant Gover
nor-elect. The real work of the associa
tion is done by its executive and sub
committees, and this lirst meeting of the
executive committee will be an impor
tant one. At this meeting the steps to
be taken concerning the many important
matters of legislation which the associa
tion has in hand will be considered.
Among other matters will be the one of
accepting a room for headquarters in
the new ferry building kindly offered
free by State Mineralogist A. S. Cooper.
The association will probably make its
headquarters with the State Mining Bu
reau when that institution moves to the
new ferry building early in the year.
Meantime the headquarters will be at the
office of Secretary E. H. Benjamin, 331
Pine street.
When the Legislature meets one of its
appropriation problems will be presented
by the great mining industry of the State.
This year the problem will be a dual one.
It will have the State Mining Bureau and
the Paris Exposition on its hands. A big
properly displayed and well managed ex
hibit of the vast and varied mining re
sources of California with the proper ac
companiments of advertising literature
i printed in various languages, maps, and
! pictures which would present the striking
salient facts and draw attention to them
and alert and intelligent men to do the
rest, would do more at Paris in A. D. 1900
to draw hither the mine-hungry capital
of the world than anything which is with
in the province of the State to do at this
period. The Paris Exposition will be the
State's opportunity to advertise itself,
and there is no feature of the State s re
sources which needs advertising more
I than its mines. The State Board of
Trade not long ago made an exhibit of
California's fruits at the little Hamburg
exposition. There has been no compila-
I tion or estimate of the benefits of that
display, but «ver since then the papers
have contained stray notices of shipments
of California fruit to Europe and letters
of inquiry about California fruit, and
there is already an early mass of evi
dence, that the horticultural exhibit at the
i Hamburg Exposition was a decidedly
! profitable investment for the State.
The purpose of advertising California
fruit in this manner is to create markets
for produce shipped. The purpose in ad
vertising the mineral resources of the
State is not to create a market for ores,
but to induce capital to come this way
and pour millions into developing mining
properties. An individual gold mine it*
never advertised unless some promoter is
trying to sell shares in a company to the
public, and this form of gold mining is a
stranger to California. But when a min
ing region is well advertised money flows
into it. Money and men poured into the
Klondike region wholly because of the ex
tent to which it was advertised. London
capital has flowed into South Africa, West
Australia and British Columbia because
these regions have been much talked
about in financial and popular journals.
Colorado has enjoyed a large Inflow of
Eaatefn and foreign capital because the
wonderful production of Cripple Creek
has advertised the State of Colorado ;is ;■
gold country. Colorado's gold product is I
now mainly yielded by the few square |
miles of the Cripple Creek district, but a i
mining property in Gunnison or some ,
other Colorado county is easier to market j
in New York, Boston or London because
of the fame of Colorado's Cripple Creek.
And yet the little Cripple Creek district
is as aflea on an elephant compared with
the wonderful and undeveloped mother
lode of California. But ten per cent of
California's great gold product—sl,3oo,ooo,
000—has come from quartz mines and it
is a generally recognized truth among
mining men that in California the surface
has hardly been scratched. Quartz min
ing has but fairly begun in this State and
even in placer mining there remain the
ancient channels of the drift mines, esti
mated to contain billions, the great
auriferous deposits yet to be worked by
the hydraulic process and the many
thousands of acres of auriferous gravel
which appear to await the gold dredges,
a form of the gold mining industry which |
has just reached its infancy In this State.
There is thus plenty of room for ad
vertising the mining resources of the
State with the purpose of luring this way
capital to develop latent resources, em
ploy labor, build up towns and regions,
etc. Gold is simply the chief among many !
mineral products which California has to j
advertise. No other State in the Union ;
has so long a list of economic minerals.
An exhibit at an exhibition should take
them all in and represent every county
In the State. There is copper, silver, oil,
bitumen, antimony, fuller's earth, mar
ble, sulphur, platinum, osmium, diamonds
and all the rest. The product of the !
mineral Industry in this State is now I
about $27,000,000 a year. Our mines need j
advertising as much as our fruit, and the I
benefit would be even more sure and di
rect. A Paris exhibit should represent
the whole State and all its mineral re
sources, while giving gold the chief place,
and it should from first to last be kept
out of politics and kept in the hands of
men who are not only mining men, but
who know how to handle such a thing
amid the competitive affairs of the world.
"The Legislature should provide liberally
for California's mining exhibit at the
Paris Exposition, and should allow the
usual $25,000 a year for the State Mining
Bureau," said State Mineralogist A. S.
Cooper yesterday when asked his opin
ion aa to what the Legislature should do
for the industry. Mr. Cooper is a mem
ber of the committee of the California
Miners' Association on the Paris Expo
sition exhibit.
"The Legislature should provide liber
ally for a general California exhibit at
Paris, and no feature of that exhibit
should have more liberal treatment than
that representing the minei»l industry.
Every county in the State is interested
in one way or another. When it comes
to making up an exhibit, if the funds are
provided to the extent of $25,000 or more,
the Mining Bureau is ready to be drawn
upon, and contributions can be had from
all over the State if there is provided any
guarantee that valuable specimens will
be returned. The Mining Bureau needs
at least its current appropriation of
$50,000 for two years. If this is given,
about one-half of what is available be
yond the current office and museum ex
penses would probably go to complete the
register of mines ana county mining maps
of the State, which I consider to be the
greatest present practical need of the in
dustry in the State. The rest would be
devoted to special field work and to a se
ries of practical bulletins on chlorination,
the cyanide process, and so on.
One of the most striking new develop
ments of the week in the mining line was
i the story of a great and strong gas well
I struck in the 'Summerland oil field of
| Santa Barbara County, by the ocean
I shore. State Mineralogist Cooper, whose
! specialty as. a mining engineer and geolo
i gist is in this line, says that he does not
| attach much importance to the discovery
i This is because he expects this or any
other natural gas well in the Coast Range
to soon "peter out." The reason is a good
geological one. When natural gas is
tapped by boring into the earth «t is found
in a sort of natural reservoir at the ton
j of strata folded in the, shape of an in
| verted bowl, the gas being confined, as in
I a retort. in a porous stratum confined by
I Impervious strata. In Pennslyvania Ohio
I and Indiana ,the : drill that breaks -into
i such a retort that has been some millions
j of years In filling is likely to penetrate a
reservoir that is fifty or two hundred
miles in diameter,- speaking with the
I roughness i that goes with geological fold
i ings. -^In such a case. the supply is vast;
I though it will surely give out in time, but
' it>mayfeed- a Pittsburg for some time
I But in California: the foldings are abrunt
I and narrow. Here an anticlinal fold or a
I dome is always „of small diameter In
the California Coast Range a long pent
up supply of gas will probably be a few
hundred feet,' or at most a few miles ■ in
extent, and will soon be exhausted. 'To
the geologist.' it cannot provide the expec
tations that are -afforded by the vastly
broader formations of the : Eastern field
The absence of natural gas in large sup
ply is to be regretted, for such a supply
would . take the industrial place ■of the
great coal beds ; the > State lacks, but the
State Mineralogist says that : any natural
gas strike In. the Coast Range is likely to
peter out » before »■ even if-, the papers itet
through discussing it.
Many Californlans have recently made
Investments in some of the very promising
British Columbian fields. The most re
cent one of note is one by the St. An
thony Exploration Company of Santa Bar
bara, of which J. T. Richards of that
place is president, and which has just
bought the extensive bench and creek
claims, water rights. timber rights,
ditches, etc.. of the Omineca Consolidated
Mining Company, on Germania Creek,
; which experienced an "excitement" be
: tween 186S and 1871, yielding over a million
dollars In that time. The creek has been
worked since in only a small way, and
now California men have tak^n hold «f
the best of the old territory and arranred
to work the large amount of territory on
the scale and by the methods which have
made California famous for its successful
I hydraulic working of placer ground. A
j large amount of money will be invested in
this operation, and, according to the Vic
toria Colonist, it means a new era for
Omineca.
At a meeting of the California Debris ]
Commission last week nine applications
to mine by the hydraulic process were
considered. On account of the dry sea
son but few permits have been applied for !
during the summer and fall. Since the j
Caminetti law went into effect the com- I
mission has licensed 30S hydraulic mines I
and rejected 82 applications. This is ex
clusive of the nine under consideration.
The manufacture of powder is, oddly,
enabling the copper mine at Spencerville,
Nevada County, to be busily worked. The
ore contains 50 per cent of sulphur and Is
used by the Giant Powder Company at
Stege in the manufacture of sulphuric
acid. For several months a number of
teams have been busy hauling the ore
to Wheatland, where it Is shipped by rail.
About SOOO tons have been so shipped
since last spring.
The Columbus Mining Company has
been organized at Coulterville, Mariposa
County, to work a group of six mines on
the mother lode in tnat region. The com
pany expects to develop a number of
properties. Two of its mines are the La
fayette and the Eureka No. 2, which were
profitably worked to a depth of 150 feet
until the shaft was destroyed by fire in
1872. Since then they have been idle.
■ The La Porte Gold Gravel Mining Com
pany has completed a restraining dam 40
feet high on Rabbit Creek, near the town
of LaPorte, Plumas County, and will be
ready for extensive hydraulic operations
before long.
Work in the new deep shaft and hoist
ing works at the Kennedy mine has be
gun. The improvements planned at this
great mine are extensive and notable.
According to the Colfax Sentinel a rich
strike has been made in the drift mine
of the Gold Run Gravel Company near
Gold Run. A 600-foot extension of the
old main tunnel has encountered a body
of very rich blue gravel. The buried chan
nel is 150 feet wide and the gravel is taken
out for five feet above bedrock. The com
pany owns 12,000 feet of channel, which
is now tapped at the lower end. The fu
ture will see the development of a great
property.
The Argonaut, Amador County, has
paid a tenth dividend, making a dividend
record of $200,000 in ten months. If the
Argonaut were at Cripple Creek the blow
ing about it wouldn t cease during the
night, but California, with its mines all
kept away from stock boards, hardly no
tices such home records.
Indians have run into some good gravel
diggings on the Tuolumne River, accord
ing to the Sonora Union-Democrat, and
the bucks and squaws are "cleaning up"
for the first time in their lives. Their
mining operations are very primitive.
PURSUED BY BILLOWS OF WHEAT
Six thousand bushels of unsacked
wheat got loose and went on a tear. It
happened in the warehouse of the F. C.
Ayres Mercantile Company yesterday
afternoon. The scenes that followed I
were something similar to those de
scribed by Victor Hugo when a cannon
got loose from its fastenings on board |
ship and rolled and reared from one end !
of the gundeck to another until the ship ;
wns disabled and a number of its crew j
killed. Only, nobody was killed by the i
wheat.
In the rear of the Ayres warehouse
are four great bins, built up from the
ground floor and capable of holding
twenty-five carloads of wheat at a
time. They are substantial affairs, and
once a grain of wheat gets into them it
is pretty likely to stay there, safe from
rats and thieves, until its owners get
ready to shovel it out again.
About 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon
the company's bookkeeper, sitting in
his office at the front of the building,
100 feet or more from the bins, heard
a terriflc ripping, tearing, splintering
sound, as if the whole end of the ware- !
house was being torn out by a monster
hand. Before he had time to jump out
of his chair this sound was succeeded
by another, a rumbling, grumbling,
roaring, moving noise, like the coming
down of the cataract at Lodore or the
approach of a hurricane. He rushed i
from the little box of an office out onto i
the main floor of the warehouse. He i
paused, gasped for breath and threw
up his hands.
What he saw was a giant wave of
wheat flowing toward him, licking at
the very heels of a dozen laborers who
had been at work near the bins and ;
who were now fleeing for their lives, j
This wave flowed high, a foam of wheat
snapping from its crest now and then
and falling in a grainy spray on the
heads of the pursued. Afterward the j
men ran whiskbrooms down their backs \
to brush the tiekly wheat out.
The ocean of wheat moved onward '
for a score of feet or more and then j
calmed down as suddenly as if a bar
rel of oil had been spread on its
troubled waves. The bookkeeper yelled
to the laboring men to stop running, >
pulled his hands down to their accus- i
tomed pockets, took a deep breath and |
whistled.
By and by the cloud of dust that had
arisen drifted away and the bookkeeper
and the laboring men could see what
had happened. It didn't take long. One
of the stout beams had grown weak
from the burden on its back and snap
ped in two. A hundred other stout
beams had followed suit. There was
nothing left for the imprisoned wheat
to do but to make a rush far a less
confined resting place. There were 6000
bushels of it in the bin, and it was no
wonder that its moving caused conster
nation.
After the dozen laboring men had re
covered their wits and gone to work
again the little bookkeeper in the front
office said the damage done would not
exceed $50. All that was necessary to
do to save the wheat was to sweep it
up off the floor and put it in sacks.—
Denver Republican.
DR. PEPPER'S DILIGENCE.
Perhaps more than any other man in ]
Philadelphia the late Dr. William Pepper
possessed the rare faculty of doing sev
eral things at once and doing them all
well. He. had two secretaries, and man
aged to keep them busy even during office
hours when a dozen patients were wait-
Ing to see him. It was no unusual sight
to see him emerge from his office, and [
during the time the next patient was ;
making his way to the Inner sanctum Dr.
Pepper would stand in the doorway and
dictate a letter to one of the secretaries
which might concern one of the many
j public works in which he was interested.
| Back into his office he would go to discuss
symptom and make an examination of |
his patient, and when the door opened
again the other secretary would take
down perhaps a portion of an article for
a medical paper or advice to other phy
sicians by whom Dr. Pepper had been
called in consultation.
Another remarkable faculty possessed
by the eminent physician was his ability
to sleep whenever he chose to lie down.
He worked on an average eighteen hours
a day and when he began to feel the ef- I
fects of fatigue he would lie down on a i
couch or a sofa and be sound asleep in a !
minute or two. A nap of ten minutes
would suffice for several hours' work to
follow. It is related of him that on one
occasion he called to see a man suffering
from some disease and. finding him
asleep, the doctor lay down by his side
and was soon fast asleep also. Curiously i
enough, although as a physician he advo
cated perfect regularity at meals for his I
patients, he did not himself observe the
rules he laid down for others. He ate
when he found time, and his meals were
often extraordinary combinations. He ;
was once seen lunching at the Broad
street Station, dividing his attention be- i
tween roast beef and apple pie.—Phila
delphia Record.
The experiment of raising sugar cane
In Delaware has been tried by Dr. Ar
thur T. Neale of the Delaware College
Experimental Station. It is said that
the sugar from cane grown in Delaware
will yield 3200 pounds of the refined
product to the acre, compared with
2800 pounds, the best results from beets
in Califor "
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES^
CREAMS WHICH COME TRUE,
People Who Are "Warned in
a Dream."
"Dreams are true while they last.
And Uo we not live In dreams?"
There are people who believe that
every dream has some peculiar and
personal significance. Whenever they j
dream they consult a dream book to i
find whether the things dreamed of i
were favorable or unfavorable to their
fortunes. There are other matter-of- j
fact people who refer dreams to physl-
cal conditions, who ascribe them as did j
Solomon to "the multitude of affairs,"
or in a more modern spirit to a de-
ranged condition of the stomach. These
people have a dream book, too. Its
title is the People's Common Sense I
Medical Adviser. And when they dream J . -
they turn the pages of Dr. Pierces \\\ Vv . ; "-.
famous work to find out what the cause \\\\\\
of the disturbed condition is, and what \\\\\\ v«i s
they must do to correct it. They realize Nav \\i SSSSS I ' : ?
that healthful sleep is a dreamless >v>Nvo\\\\U^ — , •
sleep, and in so far as the sleep is s^S^^\\\\V^sl n-^ •/'.-• - -
broken by dreams, so far there are "^ \O\^\\\l\\Vm \
physical conditions unfavorable to •-, .\ \\u\\v\v V ' -
health. A pathological consideration of AN v |!\\\\\\\v\» I \
dreams would reveal that in certain .AM I liim\\\\\/ #' ,
cases dreams of a related character are \\ |']S?\\VO/ • / .' ■"
associated with certain specific forms \ V\-\\\v\\\s 1? I v v
of disease. Severe stomach m "^S^S^SSxj I ( *
derangement 'with its com- OvV^vV^l I • V^ '
plications involving the di- jffls^Sw ?* Vvv^lj I
gestive tract and the liver, (WfiT**^\ V\V<\ V
will frequently breed dreams flffi *<w?^ "^s A^ \ W 1 '- ' '
of violent struggle, such as Wp f> vj x \^V\s\\\^U/ •
the illustration portrays. H|W\ f I
You dream that you art- on )y^A\\ %
the slippery, crumbling verg? I^\^K±^^^ap* s^
of a precipice, grappling with / <=^^S
all your strength against | sl^!!i^ 4/«^>S— t
some madman who seeks I c^^^ — Yx^^VW^WjflUß^*
to hurl you down to death. 1 vTvnI^BImSSBi*
You wake in a profuse v\Vm\\vM\V HBk>l I \
perspiration, your heart vAu\\\\\ v *B^^*B » ? - /
beating violently as V \\\\ V\\ \\y\ fEfflr i /
from the effects of an V\ *^\\\ Wv V \ '" * ■
actual struggle. If you *"nS^^l \\ ' T^ \ I
THE SCIENTIFIC V\\\\|'t \ Jb< (
DREAM BOOK \Uy l v \ J&yW^- - I
It will tell you that your *' r\V VslW^/ ~N )]\
dream was a sign that X^ <t//Wi ]} Jni *•
your stomach needed in- \ . i » . ]Ky\\i flf / J
stant attention, or it / 1 ®t\pp dr^/l/lk// t
might be fulfilled in a * i ( / \ ) f J "l\\\\ • ' • I
fearful wrestling match / ( \ ') .
with the monster Dis- ( \ \ • \ i J/ j
ease on the edge of the l t . ' 7 -^
precipice of death.
The trouble is that people in this con-
dition are often content to seek some
palliative, some tablet or other, which
will relieve the immediate trouble.
This merely hides the symptoms. It
temporarily stops the manifestation of
disease, but it does nothing to cure the
ailment. A man might as well suppose
that he could stop the flight of time by
stopping his watch, as to imagine he
has stopped disease by stopping its
symptoms.
The need in such a condition is a rad-
ical remedy, a remedy which will begin
with the cause c-f the trouble and reach
out to the various effects. The need is
of a remedy which can be counted on to
cure, and in curing to re-establish the
entire system on a sound basis of
health. To provide such a medicine as
this many physicians have tried and
one physician has succeeded. It has
been the pleasure of Dr. R. V. Pierce,
chief consulting physician to the Inva-
lids' Hotel and Surgical Institute of
Buffalo, N. V., to have devised and
placed at the service of humanity that
healing preparation, Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. The success of this
medicine in curing diseases of the
stomach and alimentary and nutritive
systems places it above every known
remedy available to the sick and suffer-
ing. The action of this remedy is en-
tirely philosophic. Its ingredients, care-
fully sought in years of patient experi-
ment and compounded with the most
exact skill, are chosen with regard to
their alterative, properties, properties
which give the "Discovery" the power
to alter or change the morbid or un-
healthy condition of the several or-
gans upon which the health of the en-
tire body depends. Experiment and ex-
perience have established the fact that
a large percentage of diseases have
their origin in a deranged condition of
the stomach, the organs of digestion
and nutrition and the blood-making
glands. It was found that affections
of the liver, the lungs, the heart, the
kidneys and the nervous system were
not cured when the organs specially
affected were directly treated. But
when the treatment was directed to the
alteration of the conditions of the
stomach, the digestive and nutritive
tracts and the blood-making glands,
these remote diseases of heart, liver,
kidneys, lunga and nerves were cured
as the stomach was cured. On this ex-
perience was based the axiom first for-
mulated by Dr. Pierce:
"DISEASES WHICH ORIGINATE IN
THE STOMACH MUST BE CURED
THROUGH THE STOMACH."
This would seem to be a self-evident
proposition. Take an illustration in the
flower garden at your home. There's a
rose, for example. Its leaves begin to
curl, its petals to droop, it does not
grow. You know that the life of the
plant comes from the soil. It's in the
soil you must look for the cause of the
failing rose tree. You can give the
rose ... supporting staff, a crutch to lean
on, but while this supports the rose it
won't save it. It still droops and weak-
ens. Go down int<* the soil, search out
the cause at the roots. It's from the soil
that the flower gets its nourishment, its
life, its strength, its color. In the soil
lies the secret of its disease. What the
soil is to the plant the blood is to the
body — the source of vitality. It Is
from the blood that come the strength
of body, brightness of brain, clearness
of complexion, which are the supreme
signs of health. And the blood out of
which the whole physical fabric 6t the
body is built is manufactured in the
laboratory of the stomach and its as-
sociated organs, and depends both as
to quantity and quality on the condition
of these organs to properly provide
pure blood.
It is here that the healing properties
of "Golden Medical Discovery" come
into play. It restores the power of as-
similation so that the requisite nourish-
ment is provided for the separate parts
of the body — nerve, muscle, blood and
bone. It pushes off and casts out the
Inert and useless matter which poisons
the blood and clogs the system. It
makes new blood, pure in quality,
abundant in quantity, which pours a
healthful tide through the whole cir-
culatory system. It makes sound flesh
and healthy fat, not the flabby fat and
loose flesh which result from the use
I * DR. TIERCE'S £ EEMEDIE£__
of the nauseous preparations of cod
liver oil, and their mitigated emulsions.
"THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE."
Moses said it. Science affirms it. We
have never gone beyond that simple
definition of physical life. We nevfr
shall. When life falters wii must lotfk
to the blood. When life fails we must
find the cause in the blood. What then
will strengthen life? Necessarily pure
blood. It does not matter where the
assault of disease is made, the require-
ment is the same; sufficient pure blood
to build the walls of the body in
strength against the invader. In its
action on the blood-making glands Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery fills
all the requisites of a perfect medicine
for the blood. It supplies the weak
lungs with new blood, and pure blood,
and puts them in a condition to throw
off disease. It supplies the various or-
gans with the required pabulum from
the blood, and they get strong and do
their work perfectly without strain.
Then work becomes pleasure and sleep
is dreamless.
The general signs of a dangerous dis-
turbance of the stomach and its affili-
ated organs are uneasiness and fullness
I in the region of the stomach, impa-
tience, irritability, depression of spirits
i and anxiety. The appetite fails, food
■ doesn't "taste good," there's a bitter
taste in the mouth, the breath is offen-
s ive, the head aches, the sleep ia dis-
j turbed, the complexion is sallow. Not
all these symptoms will be present In
any individual case, but any of them
mark the proximity of the sufferer to
the danger line of disease. Whenever
these symptoms appear the sure, short
i way to regain health is to commence
1 the use of the '"Golden Medical DisA
, cover y." *
"I am happy to say that your won-
I derful medicines have saved my life,"
writes Mrs. Bettie Jaco of Pine Mills,
I Wood County, Texas. "I suffered nearly
three years. Words cannot express
what I endured. I had pains through
my chest and all through my body. I
also had pain in back and head. Was so
nervous at times could hardly go about.
No one can imagine what I endured. I
felt every morning when I got up that I
| could not live to see the sun go down at
night. I had two of the best doctors
our country affords. They attended me
for six months, but did me no good. I
only took four bottles of Dr. Pierces
'GoJden Medical Discovery" and one of
'Favorite Prescription' and two vials of
i the "Pleasant Pellets.' Now my health
i is better than it has been in four years.
; My weight was 115 and now I weigh
I 141 pounds. I have recommended Dr.
] Pierces medicines to many of my
i friends, for I believe they will do all
, that is claimed fc-r them. The mcdi-
i cines saved my life when I had given
up all hope. It appeared that I could
see death staring me in- the face all the
j time."
"I can say to you one bottle of your
•Golden Medical Discovery' has cured
me sound and well, after suffering two
long years with stomach disease."
writes W. H. Braswell of McAdenville.
Gaston Co., N. C. "My health is
worth all the world to me. I will praise
| you as long as I live."
There is positively no drop of alcohol,
whisky or other intoxicant in Doctor
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. It
contains no opium or other narcot.^j
drug, neither sugar nor syrup, which
are sometimes Injurious to weak diges-
i tions. Without any of these ingredi-
ents the "Discovery" preserves its
pleasant flavor and healing properties
' in perfection in any climate and under
| all conditions.
Profit is paramount with some deal-
ers. It is profit only which leads them .
to substitute other and inferior, untried
medicines for Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery with its splendid record
of cures. Sensible people will decline
to experiment with strange medicines.
j The "Discovery" is a remedy pVoved
! and tried. Anything is "just as, good"
for the dealer if it pays him. Nothing
is "just as good" for you .unless it will
cure you. No medicine has so .great a
record of c_°s as Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical T • overy. Therefore refuse
all substitutes.
We are "fearfully and wonderfully
made," yet how Ignorant we are of the
! Intricacies of the marvelous mechanism
of the body. Every day sees men and
women take the first step in the path of
physical suffering and mental misery
for lack of the one warning word of
wisdom, which would reveal their dan-
ger. That word, timely in its utterance,
clear in its meaning, complete, in its
comprehensiveness, is what the "Peo-
pie's Common Sense Medical Adviser"
has for every man 1 and woman, old or
young. This great book is given away
by the author, Dr. Pierce, without any
cost whatever to the recipient except
the expense of mailing only. Send 21
1-cent stamps for the paper edition, or
31 stamps for the edition in cloth. Ad-
dress Dr. R. y. Pierce, Buffalo. N." V j
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS \VELL-KKOWa AND RELIABLE OLD A
i Specml Ist cure, Private. Nervous, and Blood Dto-
eits^g of Men only. Book on Prlvute Diseases ami
mmsmm
W« Keorny »t., San Francisco, CaLALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
A FEW PIECES
OF POLITICAL
PIE REMAIN
No Decision Yet as to
the Morgue.
IS A PRIVATE ENTERPRISE
COUNTY TAX COLLECTOR NOT
YET NAMED.
Frank Barnett Has Earned a Position
in One of the Departments of
State — Oliver for Senate
Clerk.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
808 Broadway, Dec. 3.
Less than a month has to elapse betore
the new county officials take office, and
there are yet some good pieces of pie hot
<:istriJjuted, for which plates are being
< .^>..r;y held out.
• : One of the best pieces of patronage not
yet determined .upon is the location of the
Morgue* Oakland has no public morgue,
and the Coroner can place it where he
pleases. Coroner Baldwin has had all the
nibrgue buslness.done at Albert Brown's
undertaking parlors, and the following;
•.'figures for the past year show that the
•'.privilege is worth fighting for: 1 • -
•Inauests _ $1,723 00
; Mileage .' 314 15
;• Removal of t»>dies 637 50
: Recovery of dead 135 00
'• Autopsies ...: 1,065 00
pir-ectlng funerals 342 00
Expert testimony ..: i 95 00
Inspecting bodies ISO 00
'^Reporting and transcribing '...... 2.004 70
Dr. Mehrmann, the Coroner-elect, is not
yet certain where he will place his
morgue. There is a keen struggle going
oft between the undertakers, and it is gen
erally understood that it will either re
main where it is or be located -with James
McCarthy. McCarthy was a candidate
four years ago for the Democratic nomi
nation of Coroner, but when he was
beaten by Geary of Hay wards It is under
stood that he did some good Republican
campaigning. The matter will probably
be decided next week.
Another office not yet filled is that of
County License Collector. This office is
now held by Frank Barnett, county com
mittee-man from the Sixth Ward, but he
has earned a higher position on account
of hifc active party work during the cam
paign, and will go into one of the depart
ments of State next year. The counts
License Collector is paid by commission,
and before the recent annexation The office
paid $250 a month. Now it is worth much
less, but is still a good place.
James M. Oliver of Berkeley, who took
iht- stump during the campaign in the
rmrthern counties, is anxious to be clerk
of the Senate. He claims to have enough
! -.king to make it very interesting for his
opponents.
HALF HIS HEAD GONE.
Manuel Mendonca Struck by a Fall
ing- Bock.
.OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— Manuel Mendonca
is at the County Innrmar-- with half of
his snull crushed, and the fact that he is
alive is a surprise to physicians. He is
not unconscious, and is able to talk.
Mendonca's injuries are the result of
an accident in a quarry near «an Lean
dro. Extensive bl- ting has been in prog
ress for some time, and Mendonca was
employed to haul away rock. He was
loading his cart when a large piece of
t< rk rolled down the side of the quarry
and struck him on the side of the head.
The skull is seriously fractured and JVien
dunca's life is despaired of. He has lived
for ten days, and even yet the chances
Of recovery are said to be a-nlnst him
Dr. Clark says it is remarkable that Men
donca Is able to' live after such severe
Injuries.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMKDA, Dec. 3.— The Encinal Rec
reation Club's handball tournament was
finished last evening. Goggin and Masten
won first place several days ago. Last
night Ryder and Hamma played off a tie
for s<?conil honors with Stubbs and
Brewer. The former were victorious by a
•core of 01 to 42.
The Alameda Teachers' Club held its
regular meeting last evening, and was en
tertained by a series of stereopticon views
of Hawaii by C. P. Nelson. Misa Uarv
Dickinson lectured on the subject, and
appropriate music was rendered by Mi^s
Boyle and MLss Agar.
Alameda Parlor No. 47. N. S. G. W., has
elected th<i following new board of offi
cers: E. J. Probst, past president: Prfnr
Smith, president; H. S. Orr. first vice
j>r<Pi<lont; R. H. Fallmer. second vice
president; F. J. Phillips, tilird vice-presi
dent; Max Gundlach, financial secretary;
J. J. Flynn. trustee; H. Sousa, marshal;
L. H. Tranaue, recording secretary.
' __^'_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE HELP [or WEAK MEN
"CALTHOS"— Prof. Laborde's French Cure fof
Lost Manhood
5 Days Trial Treatment Sent Absolutely Free
||ypggg|spj||| by Sealed Mail to all Sufferers
.^^Sraf^ No C.O.D. or Deposit Scheme
I^Pli^^i^'^^J-JtC Tn( r only preparation known to sconce which really
fsffl%§?&W /* cures Lost Manhood Is "CALTHOS." the marvelou
"ffevvy£}S^ji«(sr A //Si French, remedy discovered by Prof. Jul» Laborde. It
L;.'::.-;:*^"*/ • /\» // Kg 1b controlled In this country by the Yon Mohl Co of
Ez'&'-iXMi&r Ayi9''~^7/i,Vf* Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high and
. iSi^fW/ /fisS&'/ // 1 f honorable place in the world of medlcinS. It 1h one of
moMgf pm'SS&J/ll \ tT V; m ' >f!t ™*P° n "'*'l« houses In Cincinnati, as any one
We' - 1 • : &1?T -'&£?&?£//// 1 f\ who Is acquainted In that city via testify ■: *
WkV&M \<^r/yil\^\ ■. Th< " Yon Mohl Crt - Invltl ' 8 "'1 n>en su'fferinff from
ISk-vi'M H»^-ii^//J^ \ Lo * L Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele or Weak-
M&s^»->i>*^ nfES of nny nature In the Nerves or Sexual Onrans
Kivq4 V+lf il\ \ \\ to Ben< tneir names and receive a five days' treat'
■X-™ KM v I \ J\ , ment. 4 This will prove the wond.-rful vitalizing powers
W*W\ \\ \ ),\\ Ot < V, L ; r M OS " ,A«er using it five days thf «urter-
RS»'-^it }: \ 1 \\ \ I \ era " lv l find IH ' W vl or in their nrpan.c. new force In
IfsggSaffV S^ \ '/ their -muscles, new blood In their veins, new ambition
Sfffw'-VR. Tt\ I / \ and P' (l proßiesK toward the buoyant feelinirs and"
" K&V&T.W.&£!^ \VA I j V \ sensations of younper days. .
Rj&v.yj-!S#?B ■ tJY «\\V) ' Tnls liberal free offer Is genuine. There is no
f&'W&iiS \ \W FWindllnß- C. O. D. or deposit scheme connected with
iig?OV;>i"ii'-19Jr \rrJJ '■<" » It- The five days" treatment is sent by sealed mail to
•Baw&JttXvKjj " JK-**\ all on request, wrapperl in a plain package, and printed
B-'?'si'.'jfl KA instructions accompany the medlcino. sn that each pa-
f I ' i .'''-"'.';-!vJSJ ' E/-\ 1 tiont becomes his own doctor and cures himself at home
t%&3r\!'''Z'''''££& f3&\ II 00HI1> t "lake any difference whnt caused ■ the
E?*fc - * I ''ij?i£a3 flßyvV weakness— Whether bad habits in youth, or excess or
ePTx-''&£JBBkK kMCVi^ overwork, or business troubles. "CALTHOS" 'will
t ippF r '/T^BBn jEWfiw effect a cure no matter what big name the disease may
Wx? : : r'J^^E j^^H&& I Th> ' Vcn Mohl Company treats all correspondence
K»3: : - ■.'•'.':■ I /^B H\/ a ln P*rfect conlldence. Under no conditions will It make I
BB'wttvfijS* E»SI / /■• public the names of the thousands who have written
f%££&£&iel9L IK'II I XX testimonials tellins of their restoration to robust man-
MJIffiv.BBEH I CTffß / A*3 noO(! after other medicines proved worthies?. "CAL- '
wK&i'SSBi ■■/ /Cis^l • TIfOS" is regularly used in the French and Oermar.
B-.'vJH •HHW'/W; armies, and the soldiers In those countries have com* !
Lflt-:- : 'gMWW , BBEhT ( ■ ev\ to be i)<-rffct models of strenKth and vitality. Cures
J^F'-''SH^e3 Yuffil \ &i'-?^ nre effected at all ages from 20 to 80 years, 'mere it
'j/SSw^^^^ ■ r^^^ \ i??. y -i':i-'%!2g±_ no case (except, where the stng-e of epilepsy or lnaanltj
rffov-Hf I \ \ sE*^ii2W h-iK l>een reached) which it will not radically, quickly
* TtSfSr . s / V. ' — '•"So'. ' and pertnanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cun
■ >3jD* -''•'•' * itself. It grows worse from week -to; week.' -Each. da>
arrravates the mental and physical angul«h> Send, to-day for the five days' ; trial treatment.
jf it help* you, iriore of the medicine can be purchased. If. It does not help, ;no harm 1 , Is donu
" and no money paid out. You can Mn<i:your name with the full knowledge, that it will be
kept from all..": Address applications for trta.l treatment, etc., to ; the YON MOHL CO., '^
SS7B Cincinnati,* Oht6." Lir£e«t Impo^tars of Standard Preparations' In the U. 6.
CHILDREN ARE
NOT CAPABLE
OF MARRIAGE
A Tugboat Wedding
Declared a Farce.
JUDGE OGDEN'S NEW LAW
AN EQUITABLE DECREE THAT
PROTECTS A BABY.
Angle Foster's Marriage to Young
Church Annulled — Both Were
Attending- School and
Sloped.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 3.
The tugboat marriage of the two chil
dren Albert T. Church and Aogie Foster,
was annulled by Judge Ogden to-day.
The original suit brought by Mrs. Church
declaring the alleged marriuge to be null
and void was dismissed yeterday and she
was appointed guardian of her son. To
day a new suit was tried in which the
marriage was recognized as such and the
petition for its annulment was granted
by Judge Ogden.
The cause of all these proceedings is
the future of a child one year old. Its
standing in society involved a point of law
which has never been determined and
which may probably not be finally settled
until in future years the baby may be
called on to inherit property.
The children, who were High School
students, eloped on the 19th of April last
year and were married outside the Heads.
The husband was tlion a few months over
16 and the girl not quite 16. After their
marriage they went to Honolulu and at
tempted to support themselves, but this
proved a failure and they came back to
Oakland, whore the mother's blessing
was given her son on condition that he
leave his child wife. lie accepted tho
offer and a little later was sent to Bos
ton to oomplete his education, and is
still there.
Mrs. Angie Church has since resided
with her mother and now has the cus
tody of the child. In court to-day, after
Judge Ogden had annulled the marriage,
the attorneys held an argument over the
sections of the Civil Code governing the
questions of the legitimacy of the chil
dren of annulled marriages. They de
sired to enter into a stipulation, but the
Judge stated that the only stipulation
could be made between the child's par
ents, and he advised that in drawing up
the decree they arrive at an understand
ing which will protect the baby in the
event of any Inheritance that may come
to it.
The young husbajid's mother objected
to doing anything that would substan
tiate the legitimacy of the infant, but
after some t onversation her objections
were somewhat modified, and unless the
decree shall be satisfactory to Judge Og
den in regard to the infant, it will cer
tainly not meet wUth his approval, for
he plainly stated that the little child
must be protected and that the court
would not countenance any ultimate
proceeding that did not provide for the
establishment of the Innocent little par
ty's rights.
Mrs. Church declared to-day that her
son is exactly 18 years 6 months and 23
days old at this time. Consequently, if
he wishes, he is at liberty to come back
and marry the mother of his child.
Hull of Dredger Launched.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— The hull of the new
dredger of Johnson & Petersen, contract
ors, to be used in dredging Lake Merritt,
was launched at the lake this afternoon
It ifl 75 feet long, 30 feet in breadth and
54 feet deep. The machinery v.ill be
placed in a few days.
Oakland News Itlms.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— A dforee of divorce
was granted to-day to Lilly A. Wroute
from John Wroute on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Judge Hall allowed |20
monthly alimony until April 5 and $12 50
monthly thereafter.
Raymond T. Baker was to-day officially
appointed by County Clerk Jordan as one
of the clerks in the Superior Court. Mr.
Baker has been one of the most popular
deputies In the County Clerk's office for
some time.
The following new officers were elected
last night by Appomattox Post No. 60. G.
A. R. : Peter Clark, commander; William
Erwin, senior vice-commander; Nicholas
Ham, junior vice commander; B. F. Cary,
officer of the day; Charles Wllkins, sur-
Beon; F. G. Church, chaplain; Theodore
Wolvin, officer of the guard; F. M. Far
well and William Erwin, delegates to tne
department encampment to be held at San
Diego, Cal.
An inventory and appraisement of the
estate of James Johnson was filed to-day
showing a total valuation of $11,500.
The annual public memorial services of
the Benevolent Protective Order of Elks
will be held to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock in the Macdonough Theater.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEB 4, 1 80 S.
STATE SHOW
DECLARED TO
BE A SUCCESS
The Home Composers
Have Last Night.
INTEREST IN PURE FOOD
HEALTH OFFICE EXHIBIT IS
WARMLY COMMENDED.
The Exposition Closes After Three
Weeks of Good Attendance.
The Directors Are Welt
Satisfied.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 3.
The State Exposition closed to-night,
after a successful run of three weeks. The
attendance was very large and the pro
gramme was entirely made up of the
works of local music composers.
The programme consisted of the follow
ing;
Theodore Vest's Brand march, •'Triumphal,"
by the orchestra; Mrs. Alma Crowley's song,
•'Sweetheart, Mine," by Alfred WiUtfe: A.
Cheek's piano solo, "To Mountain Chickadee,"
and "Ma Yonie," a Siamese tone poem,
pl;iyvd by Robert C Newell; D. P. Hughes'
"Reverie," by a strinff orchestra: Mary Don
aldson's French song; w. J. McCoy's suite of
Two of Oakland's Composers Whose Works Were Sung at the
Close of the State Exposition.
concert waltzes by the orchestra; John C.
Waiting's song. "Tuhal Cain, " by Ilarry Law
rence, with orehe&tratlon by W. J. McCoy;
Mrs. Alma A. Crowley's waltx, "Fine Ridge,"
by the orchestra; W. J. McCoy's sons, "Aye
Maria," by Miss Lulu Snyder and orchestra;
Theodore VoKt's song, "Is It Love the Love I
Bear?" by Miss Adalina Raum and orchestra;
Laura Crellenden's march, "Choristers," by
the orchestra, and characteristic pieces of O.
T. Wilson by the orchestra. Miss Mary Lam
bert's song, "California," was Bung by L. H.
Carver to the accompaniment ht Mrs. Flint.
One of the most successful exhibits has
been that of the Oakland Health Depart
ment, under the superintendence of
Health Officer Dunn. All the impure food
seized since the exposition opened was
taken to the bacteriological and micro
scopical department, and visitors were
shown the obnoxious germs. For several
weeks past the Board of Health has co
operated with the loe .1 physicians in the
examination of the secretions of patients
suspected of being afflicted with diph
theria. These exhibits have been handled
in the bacteriological laboratory, and
thousands have viewed the results
through powerful microscopes.
The directors of the exposition are well
pleased with the results of their efforts.
A little speech-making brought the big
•how to a close.
A COLLEGE "FUNCTION"
AT THE MACDONOUGH
17. C. STUDENTS APPEAB IN
AMATEUR DRAMA.
The Junior Class of the University
of California Holds Its "Junior
Day ' Exercises.
BERKELEY, Dec. 3.— The members of
the junior class of the University of Cali
fornia held their junior day exercises In
Oakland this afternoon and evening. The
afternoon was devoted to a dramatic en
tertainment at the Macdonough Theater;
the evening to the junior promenade at
Reed Hall.
Over 1700 invitations Broujc- t an im
mense audience to the thcator early in
the afternoon, so that the building was
filled to its utmost capacity long before
the curtain rose. It was largely a col
lege audience, consisting of the friends of
the junior class from San Francisco, Oak
land ahd Berkeley.
The programme contained two numbers
—a curtain raiser entitled "Fraternal
Love" and a farce in throe acts, "His
Wife's Will." They were written by uni
versity students of the class of 1900, the
former by Miss Minnie Rae Wilson, the
latter by Miss Alice Duffy. Both were
very well constructed, and, considering
amateur talent, were cleverly presented.
"Fraternal Love" presents the scene of
a college fraternity initiation in a gar
den where a colleere student has arranged
to meet a co-ed. By ingenius complica
tions the co-ed is mistaken for the initiate
and is received into the fraternity's mem
bership, while the real initiate, with his
white gown, is mistaken for the cp-ed,
with whom the student vainly endeavors
to make love. In "His W ife's Will" Judge
Tilden, an old college grauuate, is in love
with a Stanford co-ed, but owing to the
terms of hia wife's will, win lose his es
tate if he marries against the wishes of
his two daughters. They in turn are
forced to elope, in which proceeding one
of t)»e Berkeley professors ne-ures in a
decidedly ludicrous way. Reconciliation
follows after some very aughable ~'tua
tions have been successfully disentangled,
and the estate is divided between father
UI The a prociuction under the direction of
George M. Hermance showed careful
preparation and excellent training. In
many places it was quite above the ordi
nary amateur standard, and reflected very
creditably upon the actors and their di
rectors. In the curtain raiser. Carl Parker
showed to good advantage in the role of
initiate. Paul Selby as Judge Tilden, and
Miss Flora Wilson and Miss Matilda
Richards as the two daughters sustained
thefr parts with ease and skill.
The cast of both pieces was as follows:
For the curtain raiser: Harry Dayton
(a prominent member of the "Pi Phi" fra
ternity), Mark H. White; Amy Dayton
(his sister*. Miss Gertrude M. Jewett; Ed
gtir Falklander (Amy's lover), John D.
Hoffman: William Auderbrey Courtlander
(an initiate of the "Pi Phi" fraternity),
Carl Parker: Edith Hollister (the interest
ed friend). Miss Flora Wilson; fraternity
men by junior class men.
For the farce: Judge Tilden (in love
with Jordannah Starr). Paul Selby; J.-r
ome Howard (a Berkeley student). Carl
Parker; Lieutenant Bob Claxton, V. S. V.,
Ernest W. Oliver; Mr. John Howard
(father of Jerome Howard). J. V. De-
Lavenga: Tacitus Converse (professor of
U. C), W. W, Mem; Rev. Luther Sem
moris, Harold Bradley; Harry (Jerome
Howard's valett. Mark H. White: Con
stance Tilden (devoted to the stage), Miss
Flora Wilson; Elizabeth Tilden (devoted
to Red Cross), Miss Matilda Rlch;inl«;
Miss Margaret Tilden (sister of Judge Til
den). Miss Gertrude Hampton: Jordannah
Starr (a Stanford Coed). Miss Gertrude
Jewett; Bessie (a maid). Miss Lillian
Nathan.
LITTLE SISTERS' SHELTER.
Annual Reception to Bs Tendered
Friends and the General Public.
The Little Sisters' Infant Shelter will
give a reception next Tuesday evening,
December 6. to which their friends and the
general public are invited. The guests
will have a view of the s.eeping little ones.
a good programme of select music and
dramatic recitations will be given and a
cordial welcome to all is assured. There
is no fair or bazaar, nothing to sell and
no fee for admission — simply a wish to
show the comfortable home provided for
the children of poor hard-working
mothers and the success of the charity
carried on by the ladies of the board of
directors, whose motto la "to help those
who try to help themselves." Gentlemen
are especially invited to this annual re
ception next Tuesday evening, from 8 to 11
o'clock, at the shelter, 512 Minna street,
tiear Sixth.
The officers are: Mrs. M. S. Cooper, Mrs.
T. G. Taylor, Mrs. W. D. Fennlmore, Mrs.
J. M. Pierce, Mrs. G. F. Richardson, Mrs.
D. J. Leary. Mrs. R. Jennings. Mrs. J. A.
Sampson, Mrs. J. A. Margo, Mra. J. A.
Fuyrlam. Mr*. E. B. Cutter, Mrs. H. N.
Tilden, Mrs. w. M. Pierson.
HIS HONORS TROUBLES.
Justice Hand's Paraphernalia Sold
by a Constable.
ALAMEDA. Pee. 3.— The paraphernalia
of Justice D. T. Hard's court was sold to
day under a. v.-rit of execution in an action
brought against Hard and Court Commis
sioner Babcock by ex-Justice G. A. Swa
sey. The whole outfit brought but $14 65,
barely enough to satisfy the court costs
and Constable's fees.
Swasey sued to recover on a note given
by Hard at the time Swasey retired from
office and was SjUcveeded by the defendant.
Colonel George Babcock indorsed the note.
When the attachment was levied the Con
stable placed a padlock on the courtroom
door. For this action Hard brought suit
for $5000 damages. The case is pending in
the Superior Court.
BRANDES TRIES HARD
TO SUPPRESS HIS SOBS
MRS. RICHARDSON TELLS ABOUT
LILLIAN'S MURDER.
Witness J. S. Harvey Still Held in
Reserve and His Testimony May
Be Sensational.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 3.
The tempers and moods of William A.
Brandes, charged with the murder of h.s
daughter Lillian, are changeable. As he
listened to the testimony at his prelimi
nary hearing yesterday he seemed to have
regained his composure and despondency
seemed to have fled; but to-day, when the
weird story of murder to slow music was
graphically related by Mrs. Nina Richard
son, whose home adjoins that wherein
Lillian Brandes breathed her last, the ac
cused father tried in vain to suppress his
sobs. He sat with head lowered and his
face covered with his big hands to conceal
every expression that might bespeak his
feelings as the crowd of spectators turned
their eyes upon him.
Mrs. Richardson testified as to the
noises she heard in her neighbor's home
on the night of November 15. She said
she was sitting on the front steps of her
residence, in company with James Mc-
Cune, at the time. Presently Louis Long
had joined them. They had heard what
sounded as though Lillian was being ter
ribly beaten. Then there was a hurrying
of footsteps and somebody bumping
against the doors and walls. Witness
recognized Lillian's voice crying, "Oh,
Al, don't!" followed by threats from
Brandes' lips, and language sui h as wit
ness did not care to repeat. Two days
before the girl's death witness had seen
J. S. Harvey, the mysterious boarder at
Brandes 1 house, talking in the yard with
Mrs. Brandes.
Atttorney F. W. Sawyer, for the de
fense, tried in every way to lead the wit
ness off in her story on cross-examination,
but without avail, for sue weighed her
answers carefully and was very positive
as to the facts. She will be further cross
examined next Monday, on which day
Harvey will also probably take the stand.
Witness Harvey s testimony promises to
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
... CURES
GBESBSfe 13 IP^^^
A Common Cold
. Runs into Grip.
A common ; Cold Is a dangerous Cold.
•v A little Influenza may lead to Grip.
';: A .slight Col. the Head to Catarrh.
■ A trifling -Sore Throat 'to Diphtheria.
A tight Chest to Pneumonia.
. "77" checks a Cold at the beginning. ;
"77" breaks up ; a Cold that "hangs
on," but it is easier to cure a Cold: at
first. / " •
:-At > druggists or sent ; prepaid price ' 25c. and
50c; , large ; pocket flask,; $l.V"Dr.' Humphreys'
Manual 3 at -druggists -or sent free. . '
V Humphreys' Med. s Co., cor. William ,& T John
sts.. New York. Be sure to get .; . . ;
I+-U-M-P-H-R-ErY-8
be of a very sensational character. He
has been held in reserve by the prosecu
tion, and his testimony is most feared oy
the accused, for Harvey was far more fa
miliar with the affairs of the Brandes
family than any of the neighbors, since
he had rooms in the same house.
Among the witnesses still to be called
on behalf of the prosecution are several
from Santa Cruz, whither Detective H. V.
Herbert went this afternoon with sub
penas.
Young Ladies' Guild,.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— The Young Ladies'
Guild of the First Congregational Church
held Its annual sale and festival last
night. The large church auditorium was
beautifully decorated. On the two sides
the booths occupied all the space, and
herein were exhibited rare specimens of
fancy work. During the evening an excel
lent programme was executed.
The guild is composed of 175 young
ladies of the church. Miss Alice Wellman
is the president, and the vice-presidents
are: Miss Mattle Haven, Mrs. W. O.
Badgley, Miss Alice Flint and Mrs. Frank
Hinkley. Following is the reception com
mittee: Miss Gertrude Snow, Miss Jones,
Miss McDanel, Miss Alice Monroe, Miss
Helen Hagar. Miss Coyke Hall, Miss
Grace Barnard, Miss Potter, Miss Annie
Brewer, Miss Grace Fisher, Miss Martha
Baker, Miss Lillie Cable, Miss Mabel
Berry. Mrs. Osgood, Miss Pendleton, Mrs.
Charles Brown and Mrs. George Hibberd.
Keyes Bemoved to His Home.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— Charles Keyed, the
Alameda policeman, who was shot on Jef
ferson square by an unknown man about
two weeks ago, was removed from tne
Receiving Hospital to-day to his home in
Alameda. While fleyes is still suffering
great pain and is very weak, he is be
lieved to be out of danger, and the opera
tion of removing the bullets from his
wounds will be performed at his residence
shortly.
POTTERY EXHIBIT
TO BE A FEATURE
EXQUISITE DISPLAY FOB THE
CEBAMIC CLTJB.
Exhibition to Continue for Two Days
at the Maple Hall, Palace
Hotel.
The • regular annual exhibition of the
California Ceramic Club will be held on
Tuesday^ and Wednesday, December 6 and
7, at the Maple Hall, Palace Hotel.
The exhibition this year has a decidedly
novel and interesting feature in Mrs. Wil
liam Irelan'a exhibit of California clay
pottery. Mrs. Irelan's specimens are sam
ples of exquisite workmanship and artistic
design and are sure to attract unusual
Twenty exhibitors will show their work
and the ladies of the club hope to make
In every way a more elaborate display
than the one of last year.
Among the exhibitors this year will be
Mrs. Perley, Mrs. Culp, Miss Minnie Tay
lor, Miss Eastman, Mlse Philip, Miss
Helen O'Malley, Mrs. Scott. Miss Flora
Hell, Miss Thompson and Miss Roberts
and Miss Porter of Oakland.
The ladies have decided to place many
of their choice bits on sale and a special
table will be devoted to that purpose.
OF INTEREST
S C^ bji f J a !l^ J%
Fnrcliasers' Guide to Responsible Merchaats, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Ageati
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
Kb C«rr«toondln? WiU Aay •* tire TelUwiag firms Pleitt Mention "Tin C»1L"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
> THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and firt Wore ; Importer*.
. 117 SUTTER 6TREET>
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY- ,
U'U CfHflEUlVr. Shipping trade supplled " '■
Will- 3WfIUCI<IINU.6S9 Broadway.
' BELTINO.
LD M'J-FV Manufacturer of Betting; «nd
, F. IIDUCR,Xace"-Leiither;-t05.107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spaar. Telephone Wain 562.
BOXER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor. .
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Worts— ll3-116 MISSION, ST.
. Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAH FRAHCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geory Street, Abore Powell. • ,
Periodicals, Books- and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS. ,
O'DHTEkI £. CftllC- and Dealers In
0 DKICn CI SUFI Jl.ar.dau?. Hacks. Victorias,
Carts. and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
gt., San . Francisco. "" " ."
CASc/fERRINE bitters.
ft:. WAW A r t ld '^Tr^tikZZr IK§aSSX:
CEUTICAL CO., 1517 Market st. : - .
COAU COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
 Telephone Main l&H.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS 4; CO., practical ? coppersmiths,
mfr's of *n*>et copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 41J Mission St.. near First;
all work guarante«d. "-'>..»■;■■;;.■ ;.'.-■ -.■'-•■ ■' ■
DENTIST.
DR« C- W- RIvfIAHDSi SE. corner . Kear'ny.
■ ' . . • ; _;■ FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SfMS
411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Kepresented over 114,000,000
\,' FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
tiC CAVCC *• m- Shipping Butchers, 104
JAS- DUIE3 & Ul., clay. V Tel. Main 1294.
; /■■_.: \| r HARDWARE. ■ ; . ':.'
PALACE Hnrdware Co.. Importers S Dealers
in Hardware.' 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS '<( AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOUS HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln st., S. F.
. Wholesale and Itetail Manufacturers of . all
.' kinds vof ■ Harness and .- Dealers ?in Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write.
Dr. Wong ". Him, Nos.
j4Hus^^ - 115 and 117 Maaon street,
ffiHHVB| Han Francisco, Cal. — This
■Hp- _^m is to certify that I have
wjJifiC' I been for several years
-'*' v^t- i a : great ' eu(Terer '■ from
BPsiAIX j Bright' s Disease of the
AtaßZ?* / Kidneys, a tumor In the
fi55HC L /^ left side and other dis-
5-- i '"^^H!r!*^ r - ; Eto- eases incidental to fe-
JMBbJ nia l es ; that I have for
\ THB|fS»«Sflfc)^ weeks and " months at a
«gnv?iaEaß»^P time been totally unable
to attend to my domestic affairs,- and much of
the ■- time ' confined : to the bed. ■ Nothing- ■ could
be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
rary relief, a About three months ago I was ad-
vised ■- to place . myself under I your I treatment.
On my first Interview, after feeling my pulee;
you i described :my condition ;.- more : accurately .
than I:• could j have " done - myself. ■■•■; After ; using
your : medicine and following your advice since
that ' time I'am' very happy to say I'have en-
tirely recovered imy ■■ health ; ' am : fully • able ; to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children; indeed, for the past 15 or 20
years I " have • not -" enjoyed : as « robust ' health.
. MRS. HETTIE E.LOWE. '
■ 3571 24th 1 street, Son Francisco. Cal. •'
October 18, IS9B. ....•,;..,;..•
BDR. HALL'S VIGOR ATOR
i, Five hundp."d reward for any. ca.-e
we cannot cure. This secret remedy,
stops I all | losses ' in 1 24 1 hours, * cures
Emissions, lmpotency, Varicocele, :
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Lost Manhood ' and all I wasting ef - .
fectsof self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles, ss; guar- '
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 1 - 855 Broadway. Oakland 1 ' Cal. Also
f«r : «aYe <At 5 1075>4 : Market - »t;- 8. » F. " AH -' prl-
vate diseases Quickly cured. Send for tree book.
ASSOCIATED CLUBS
ELECT OFFICERS
ANNUAL MEETING OF THE OR
GANIZED WHEELMEN.
Paul M. Nippert of This City Will Be
the New Leader — Important
Amendment to the
By-Law*.
The annual meeting and election of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs was
held last evening at the Olympic Club, ar.d
a large number of wheelmen were in at
tendance.
The following clubs were represented by
delegates: Acme Club, Oakland; Bay City
Wheelmen, Imperial Cycling ClUb, Olym
pic Club Wheelmen, San Francisco; re
liance Club, Oakland; Capital City Wheel
men, Sacramento; Terminal City Wheel
men, Stockton; Garden City Wheelmen,
San Jose; and W. J. Kenney. S. ti.
Scovern and P. V. Long, representing the
unattached riders.
The annual reports of the president, sec
retary and various eommfttee chairmen
were read. They recited the various events
that have occurred during the past year's
life of the association, which have already
appeared from time to time in the *-apers.
President Adams' report recommended
that hereafter all contestants in the asso
ciation's road or track races should first
be required to be enrolled as individual
members. R. M. Welch, chairman of the
track committee, also commended this
move in his report.
Nominations for officers for the ensuing
year were next called tor. Paul M. Nlp
peft of this city was unanimously elected
president of the association. In like man
ner J. A. Woodson of Sacramento was
elected first vice-president; T. I). Whu
man of Oakland second vice-president, S.
O. Scovern of this city secretary and T.
G. Sptllane of the Olympic Club treasurer.
A vote of thanks was tendered to the re
tiring officers for their efficiency arid also
to the daily press of this city for cour
tesies and support rendered the associa
tion.
An Important amendment to the by-laws
was offered for consideration, as follows:
"In all annual events projnoted by vie
association other than club teajn events
all contestants must be members in good
standing on the Individual membership
list otherwise they will not be entitled
to ride In such events."
After some discussion, this amendment
was laid over until the next meeting, Jan
uary 7, for action.
Hugh. Coyle's Experience.
Hugh Coyle of Oakland filed a suit in
the United States District Court yesterday
against El Sueno de Oro Mining and
Transportation Company. Coyle alleges '
that he paid the company $250 for the '
transportation of himself and provisions :
from San Francisco to Dawson City. He
complains that the company's schooner,
Bessie X, landed him at St. Michael and
left him Btranded there for nearly a year.
Then the company took him up the Yukon
and dumped him at Rampart City, where
he was obliged to sell his stock of provi
sions for $100 in order to avoid a fearful i
death by starvation. He thinks that the
experience is worth $3200, and asks tne
court to compel the company to pay him :
that sum.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
jO I 1 SLlft Hunters" Equiptnehts, . Fishing
IvllnlV Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIItJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
" w " «r T39 Alflrket street . '
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton HedleT. Prooi..
' 234 Fremont St. Castings of ETery n».
scrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black ISOS.
,' MANUFACTURERS. .
COI.DEN GATE WOOLEN MFq.ro.
Manufacture Blankets. Casslmeres, Tweeda and
Flannels, 535 Market St., - San Francisco, : Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading Cry-goods storea.
MARTNE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INRT'RANCK COMPANIES.
. . Combined. Capital. 84.000.000.
SYZ & CO.. Agents,
' ' .;- 301 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRNH4PH Mattress Co.. «i 2 Mission
1 IIC DCttHilAllll.Bt.. Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I 4MFTTP PULP AND PAPER co..
If ILLMIfiL II L 722 Monteomery Street.
PIANOS. '-' "' '
The- Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PlANOand mUSIC STORE
KOHLER & CHASE,
I 5 23 and 30 O'Farrell it. •".-"•">
A . corns of expert '; tuners and renairera. i>.
PRINTINO.
EC, HIICHFQ PRINTKR, •
. ■•■;V > '. nil IJIILO< 511 Sansonr? street.
['- ; STATIONED AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic r> A l?T l?ir4r > F r 30G Cali-
; ,; Codes. . ; t^^lV 1 IV I iJlji L. f ornia st.
THF 111W& J; Hinil ffl binders. Book- st.
11IC UlW&a-Jlilfll \A3-, binders. 23Flr«t st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
.: , Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
- GREEN. RIVER COLLIERIES
; Is the Best Coal in the "Market.
Office and Yards— Main Street.
TYPEWRITERS.
llgu All Typewriters Rented.
SK!Ty_j?| Few Partly ; u»<"d for sale .-lieap.
feBBQL AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
ig|£p|||k L. &M. ALEXANDER.
**^wfci*^"^ . ' 110 Montgomery street. .
WALLPAPER. V
WHOLESALE & retail: send for samples', ■ stat-
ing quality & color. I DUFFY CO.. 9?S Howard.
' • WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 ; California st. Tel. - Main 1«14.
WATCHES. ETC. : '
Tl ITNIW Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LLlllJlj full 18-k. Weddlntr Rings. 4 3d st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNINO.
. C. F. HAAS, ; mfr wood articles.; any descrip-
tion. Planing, . turning, 417 Mlssipn. ■ tel. M. 5927.
£•% f*u • Ti>« p«vi;«
Sano-Rio'ir^
forTfEMALE COmSSSnTS^TSSW*
! for FEMALE COMPLAINTS « V»J T»
i wr"I)(t. I fez all thrso pains, irrepuUritipn and difficulties co
remedy op »rth & nn n .Dirt" 8 " 11 tapjf««» by liuJyher.
equ»i famou»3«nU'KlU mU. Relieve* all puln
.^BBBHMffih ln^romb or Orarles tn 10 mlnutcv
MX/JeSSI PromptlT rtliewi H«wliiehe,KanMii. Blood «nd
' HWiM < BladilerTronlilea, FaiptiitnjNerTouniMS, Fear
ffi>«nM anil Despondency. Carea Uucorrhcri, Womb
; CJRS- BH CompUir.ts. I)i.pl«»iri»nt«, Bjirkash.e, Bwricg
liW Hit r>)wn Pains «r»l all Fimalx Disordan. /*B>k
'2nr~^* -T5l\B«Blalic» Soren«» and t n ceratten». /.^ti
d<*^- J 4K»|chrcr» th» .piriti and Vlt«llro« J2aU
™ '^ygjJ/B^'th* wholt frune. ti off. Sure and T[£lEr
Abnolutcly Ilarmlcsn. ■ Cmo 50 cint box will -T l^ f
CT?lbc*il i "f DA ilii > sol - I> hY AIX DRUGGISTS.
OlUrO ALL Hill or mailed m plaia w»pp«r on nccipt
IN I 0 MINI) T F^ rr^ nco.Cox(»iißidit.(:wea6on co.Cox(»iiBidit.(:wea6o
• Bold . by ; O wl : Pwr Co.. ■ B. F.. and ■ Oakland.
*«*<!BBs3to»&>*«r niTn 'iT Hli t non-poi»onotn
A^Hr^^S remedy for Gonorrhcea,
JBSSruCBS.a^M Gleet. Spermat
JBHTtn l to s dari.W Whites, unnatural dis.
MKm I acirasued . ■ cbargei, or any inflamma*
,ISI oat to itrlemre. tion, irritntion or ulcora-
, f* tonuglon. - tion of mucoaa nieni*
TTSITHf EYAW3 CHEMlfil.nq. branes. Non-astringeat.
VaSkciMCiliNATi.O.raß Sold by »r«r«ri«tA. j
• wHBa. V 3. t j^F 0T Bent in Plain wrapper,
jA^~^i by «ipre« B prepaid, fo»
< V^BHrs <> l Ji- 00 - ur n bottles. 12.75.
■ Circular i^nt ua rt^oeeti
&CO.>g?^
(1 >PATENTSI j)
\i>-32a MARKET ST.S.r.-^S«^'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sentWtolen
The State Medical Institute Discovers A
Remarkable Remedj for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRrAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
• -'. ' , f ."
Free samples of a moat ■ remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne, Ind. It .
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute, haa decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home .
treatment and all men .who suffer with
i any form of sexual weakne- •. rcsuUlog
from youthful > folly, premature loss of
Ktreneth and memory, weak lack, varico- ?
cele, or .emaciation of parts can bow cure
themselves- at-home. • - ■«'
j The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
1 come from years of misuse of the natural
: functions and has beer, an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the. State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
■ you de ire one of .their: free trial pack-
! ages will be complied with. The institute •
is derlrous of reaching that great claaa
of men who are unable to leavo home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
! able them to see how easy it is to be '
i cured of sexual weakness when the
I proper remedies are employed. The in-
1 stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed tn a plain package so
that ' its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay. -
iIP^N, <V- , -, a^y -ByMliOtn
3J §j£&BHti&L Pny k'ntil Cured
wJBBPBHBBBB^ Any lump in awo
t_^jaßMtHMwim loan's breast is can-
cer. The poison
|asßHH9|j^sL^ q'» c^'Y R " cs to arm *
JylßflHlWwß?^>fc pit. It' large it is too
J&^B/BUBSr £b\ late- Men's face and
y^rf'^^^flf^g I lip a common place.
» f-WL^p J \ 80-Pac.k Book sent
y&@f.S ree with hundreds of
. addresses of honest scures. No Fraho.
S. R. GHAMIEY, M. D.. 23 & 25 Thirb St . mr Mapket ST. .
SEND TO «*OMfr ONE WITH CANCER
■ ' ■ ■■. ■■■■■■ -■ "''"',■ . "" '-■"- "".;'
Weak Men and Women
; S" HOtJIJD USE DAMIAXA BITTSRS, THE-
I O great Mexican renifdy; gives health and '
strengtli to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market ,
SECOND 'ANNUAL-SALE '
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS .
FROM THE—
NAPA STOCK FARM,
A. B. SPRECKELS. ESQ. ;
.V.-v', To Be Sold Without Reserve. :
AT AUCTION :
(.By Electric Light, at 7:30 p. m.) ; (
TUESDAY, Dee. 6th, 1898,
In ca3«j sale Is not concluded, will be continued
on the following evening , at Salesyard,
Corner Market St. and Va ; Ness Aye.
The Yearlings offered are the entire consign-
ment of the Napa Stock Farm, the property
of A. B. SPRKCKELS, ESQ., ..nJ are guaran- ■
teed a* unbroken and untried, and the finest
individual* that will be offered in the sales ring:
this season, the produce of such sires as The
Judge (imp.), Idaltum <lmp.). Creichton (imp.).
EoJo (the brptber to St. Saviour), Gen. Miles.
Puryear D nnd Lew V.vir. from dams which
were • good race Mrrn and have proved them-
I selves producers of good and faut race horses,
) and whose breeding cannot be excelled. These
Yearlings are in splendid condition and are
ready to go to work.
Catalogues ' will be ready Wednesday,' No-
r ember 30. Horse* at yard • Friday, Deoein-
ber 2.
KILLIP & CO..
LIVE ' STOCK AtrCTIOKEXIIfi,
:.. . ' ;;: Qtflce. 11 Montgomery street.
'. OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
(Bfc. Steamers l«ave Broadwaj:
MajSß,- wharf, San Francisco:
BBB8!^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
ftftkHSl^l : Chang* -at Seattle.
HfiSVtjHf For Victoria. lancouver(B.
BSk^flH C). Port Townsen.l. Seattle.
r^^S^^ll Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
in j New W'hatcom iVva.sh.),
- 10 a. m., Dec. 2, 7, 12, 17 22,
87 Jan 1 ana every fifth day thereafter.
every fourth day thereafter.
For F.n*enada. MRffrtaUna r*y. San Jow rtM
Car>o. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Banta Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Dec. 15. Jan.
1! ]Tor further information obtain folder. . „
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
i ar fICKKT orjrf'OE-i New . Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' • "
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
■ 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. G3.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
; i. From Fpcar-street Woarf at 10 a. m.
C/IDC $12 First Class '• Including Berthj
lAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
COt,UMBIA < 5jU1e;..*.......Npv. 24, Deo. 4,1 4, 24
STATE OF CAL. bh»1»....N0v. 29, Dec. », 19, 29
Short line to Walla Walla. .Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points tn : the Korthweat.
Through tickets to all points East. .
JS.-C. WARD, General . Agent, .
- ' • ' • 630 Market street.
■ GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. .
v :-.•.■;» > . Superintendent*. . .
Gompagnie Generate Transatjontiqua.
■:.'." (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -m*^-
(FRANCE}. I Sailing, av«ry Saturday <3HKe^
at 10 a. in. from Pier O. North aftgftMi
River, foot of Morton etreet. ' •
; LA. OASCOGNE. ;..... Dec. 10
, LA CHAMPAGNE :....Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNB.. :.'.... ..............Dec. 24
LA N0RMAND1E....... ........... .........Dec. 31 .
LA GASCOGNE Jan. r
'■ First ■ class ;to Havre. $90 and i upward, 5 »er
cent reduction on , round trip. Second: cla«»\ to
Havre, $45, per cent reduction round trip.'
GENERAL AGKNCT FOR UNITED STATE3
I AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York.
: J. T. FTJGTA.ZI & CO.. Pacific Const Agents, S «
j Montgomery avenue, Ban Francisco. •» '■■ -~: -.
H s!? hSj £ Wednestlay, December
PV*HIIM ' The.B." S. AUMEDA
jfcilllHLEaUg fur Honolulu
fg "™ -"^ Wednesday. December
jX^T^N \he ST S. AUMEDA
■H^S?/?l1&iniSlllD^ Balls via Honolulu and
SK&yCylWllUlllU Auckland for Sydney
~£2So*r /Q|TiranU*\Vedn«sday. December
«S>> ■• ■;■"• "c"^ l^ 2S, at 10 p. m. ■?
Line to COOLGARDIK, Australia, and CAPE
i TOWN, South Africa. ■ . ; v
i;J. D. SPRECKBLS & BROS. CO.. ABents. •
- j 114 Montgomery st. '.
Freight office— Sl7 Market St.. San Francisco.
| 5 BAY -AND RIVER i STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVMARD AND YALLEJO.
Steanaar "Monticello."
Mon., • Tues.",' Wed., Thurs. ; and ; Sat . . ;.;.....
- 8:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5.....................1y 5.. ................... 1 P- m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ;..t."...:.. ...... .10:30 a. m. and t p. ra.
• Lantllng and office*- Dock, Pier
_•■ Telephone Main 1503. ■
1516
CLEVER SCHEME
TO DISPLACE
COLONEL IRISH
William B. Hamilton and Collec
tors Jackson and Lynch En
gineer the Plot.
Supporters of Colonel Burns Rushing a
Gold-Brick Petition, but Many of the
Signatures Have Been Canceled.
The Custom House, that volcano of
political jobbery, is just now beginning
to heave and quake and throb and
quiver and undulate and sizz and rum
ble in the throes, of the Titanic efforts
being made by the Federal Triumvirate,
Coirectors Jackson and Lynch and
Cashier William B. Hamilton, to seat
Mr. Hamilton in the office of Colonel
John P. Irish, Naval Officer of the Port,
and to make a vacancy In the cashier
ship of the Custom House for one of
the numerous relatives of Colonel Jack
son.
The triumvirate of colonels expect to
profit all round by the downfall of the
colonel with a Celtic name, who at an
early age discarded the habit of wear
ing neckties. Colonel Hamilton will
get, so he thinks, a fat position; Colonel
Jackson will find a relative, so he
thinks, to fit the vacant chair of the
cashiership, . and Colonel Lynch will
share, so he thinks, in the patronage to
be dispensed by Colonel Dan M. Burns,
when Colonel Burns, so he thinks, will
become the next United States Senator.
The triumvirate understand thor
oughly the value of Senatorial friend
ship. Colonel Jackson and Colonel
"Billy" Hamilton were prominent in
the effort that made Mr. Perkins, a Sen
ator, and they are now enjoying the
sweet reward of political victory. Now
that the sombrero of Colonel Burns is
dawning on the Mexican horizon the
three Persian fire worshipers are on
their knees bumping their foreheads
prayerfully on the carpet pf favor. They
have learned that the Southern Pacific
wants the man from Mexico in the
United States Senate and they have
rolled iip their sleeves to give him a
boost.
Shortly after President McKinley was
inaugurated and when the debris of the
campaign had been cleared away it be
came known in Federal circles that
Naval Officer Irish and United States
Attorney Foote would be allowed to re
main in their respective offices, at least
until the expiration of their terms,
which event would take place in Febru
ary of next year. The services of
Colonel Irish at Chicago and during the
last Presidential campaign indirectly on
behalf of the Republican nominees were
recognized by the administration and it
was conceded that he had earned the
right to complete his official term and
that it might not do any violence to
party discipline were he permitted to
hold the office even until the close of
President McKinley's term. In the last
campaign in this State Colonel Irish
took the stump for Gage and sound
money and those services have been
appreciated by the administration.
United States Attorney Foote had done
a like good turn for the Republican ad
ministration and he was conceded to be
in the same boat with Colonel Irish.
Of course "Billy" Hamilton had noth
ing to do with that affair. It didn't
keep him awake at night But he had
no sooner planted the roundest part
of his manly person in the cashier's
chair than he sighed for the chair of
the naval office, which he could see
leering, as it were, seductively at him
through the little window of his own
office. In furtherance of his ambitious
dream frequent meetings of . the Tri
umvirate were held and a plan. of cam
paign was formulated. The Senatorial
aspirations of Colonel Burns were to be
encouraged and the trio were to dis
pense the Federal patronage! Ib this
State in the event of his success. Burns
and his friends were to assist, the Tri
umvirate in getting the place for Ham
ilton, as a : n evidence of good faith, so
to speakv i
A petition was carefully drawn ask
ing for the removal of Colonel Irish on
.- ;apvebtisem:£nts. \ :
SALTRHEUM
FOR YEARS'
Leg From Knee to Ankle Swollen
j ' All the Time. Pain Intense. f
Doctors in Three CitiesNo Avail.
Completely Cured by Cuticura.
I have heen troubled for years wijth Salt
Bheum. My rightle'gXrbm knee to ankle was
raw and swollen ali the time, and tbe pain
was most intense. I tried doctors in.Hartf ord,
Waterbury, and New Haven, but to no avail.
I read an advertisement about Cuticura Rem-
\ zbu^s and bought two bottles of Cuticcra
' Resolvent, some Cctictjra (ointment), and
box Cuticuba Soap, now it is! all gone
»ud- I am completely cured. ' I recommend
Ccttjcuiu. to all afflicted with skin diseases. \
Jan. 20, 1898. • • GARRETT t. SAVERS,"
Hartford Electric liight Co., Hartfprd, Conn. •
Baby Cured of Eczema
Our little' boy- was only three, months old
when he was taken' with Eczema that broke
out in the most horrible state. Hisface was
full of scabs, and some parts of the flesh were
raw. We used * Cuticuba Soap, and one '
box of the Cuticura (ointment), and in one
week this boy was as good as ever, and we can
| say the child has been O. K. ever since. We
" are willing to recommend that the Cctiocba I
I Soap and Cuticura did it. ■ You can publish
this statement for it is nothing-but the truth. I
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. FREESE,
• Feb. 15, 1898. . 360 So. First St., Brooklyn:
BfIKDT Cubi TSCATMCXT fob ETMT Knn> or Ho-
MOB with Loss or Haib.— Warm baths with Cuticdbjl
gentl* anointing! with Cuticiba (ointment), pur-
Mt of •molliept (kin cure's, and mild dotes of Citiclba
lUsoi.vkht, greatest of blood purifier* and humor cures.
This treatment will afford Instant relief, permit rest and
aleep, and point to a speedy, permanent, and economical
core of the most torturing, diifiruring, and humiliating
of itchlnf, burning, bleeding, scaly, pimply, and crusted
akin and scalp humors, witi t h loss of hair, when all else lull*.
' Bold throng the world . Fottxb Dbuo akd Ch/jc
C<jM,,Projt.,jB«iwa. •• Bow to Cut* pfitßJwaaCiMft
th* 15th of the present month and the
appointment of Colonel Hamilton in his
stead.
This petition was brought to a large
number of prominent Republicans and
State and Federal officers for their in
dorsement, and they were induced to
sign the paper under the belief that It
was p. simple indorsement of Colonel
KaniJlton for some position under the
national administration. The "hurry
me- quick" act was played, and a large
majority of the signers were in blissful
ignorance of the use to which their
names were to be put.
An instance in point is the manner in
which the Supreme Justices were in
duced to sign the paper. One day while
the Supreme Court was in session a
gentleman in whom the Justices had
confidence passed the petition from one
to the other for their signatures, he
hurriedly stating, in a whisper, for the
court was in the midst of business, that
its purpose was the indorsement of
Colonel Hamilton for a position under
the national administration.
The Justices signed their names, and
thought no more of the matter until
they learned that the petition request
ed the administration to remove Colo
nel Irish and replace him with Colonel
Hamilton. Then some of them were
neither slow nor quiet in expressing
their indignation, and at once dis
patched a letter to President McKin
ley withdrawing their names from the
Hamilton petition and paying a high
compliment to Colonel Irish. The same
course was pursued by many of the
remaining Republican office-holders
and other influential men in the party,
and the petition, in consequence, has
become a very, lively boomerang, re
turning from Washington to smite the
Triumvirate in the neck.
While the signers were willing to in
dorse Colonel Hamilton for some Fed
eral position, they were unwilling to
ask for the removal of Colonel Irish.
Colonel Hamilton has joined Colonel
Burns' Senatorial lobby, and hopes to
be able to swing influence sufficient to
bring about the removal of Colonel
Irish and the appointment of himself.
With this end in view he has been
working tooth and nail to drum up all
the votes he can for Burns. As has
been already intimated, Collector
Jackson is particularly anxious to have
Hamilton succeed Colonel Irish in order
that a worthy member of the Jackson
family (may his tribe increase!) may be
placed in the vacant cashiership.
The colonel from San Bernardino ex
pects a few juicy plums in the event
of the promotion to the United States
Senate of the colonel from Mexico.
The friends of Colonel Irish are boil
ing hot over the underhanded work of
the Triumvirate, and they promise that
the Federal atmosphere will be foggy
with fur for some time to come.
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur rapes, cloak*,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter st., r. 6 and 1.
Will Demand a New Trial.
Mrs. Elsie Williams and Myron Azh
derian, convicted of blackmailing Captain
W. E. Nevills; were before Judge Cook
POVERTY DROVE HIM TO CRIME.
Desperate Through Hunger, Robert
Neville Snatches a Purse From
an Elderly Woman.
HUNGRY and desperate Robert Neville, a middle-aged man, yester
day afternoon snatched a purse containing $50 from Mrs. Nelson,
an elderly woman, who lives at 1120 Sacramento street. Mrs. Nel
son was walking down Sacramento street when she noticed Neville
following her. She had her purse in her hand, and thinking that
Just then Noville accosted he
and snatched the purse. Sh
hastily called for help and sev
eral citizens, who witnessed th«
act, gave : chase. Neville ra
about fifty feet, and evidentl
realizing he could not escape
dodged his pursuers, who valnl
endeavored to seize him, am
running back to the scene of th
robbery, threw the purse a
Mrs. Nelson.
"I did not steal your purse, an
you. know it," he excitedly re
marked. "Tell these men I am
not .a thief."
Mrs. Nelson-, apparently satis
fled to reco%*er her purse, plead
ed with the men who had pur
sued: the thief, not to moles
him. .
Neville, thinking that he wa
"up against it," as he expresse<
it, took' to his heels. He ran
down Sacramento street, fol
lowed by his pursuers. Sev
eral workmen who were engaged
in preparing a building at Taylo
street, hearing the cry o
"Stop, thief," threw several bri sat him hoping to bring him to a halt
With an oath Neville turned around and taking out a long knife threat
™° *L Carye them " lf they dld n °t desist. At this juncture Police Offll
cers McShane and Hems joined in the chase, and after a run of several
n^2^ .l y o y erhaule d the thief. Hems, who had been told that he was
armed with a knife, and thinking he would not hesitate to use it, drew his
revolver and threatened to fill him with lead unless he surrendered. Ne
ville, evidently realizing he could not escape, readily threw up his hands
He was then handcuffed and taken to the City Prison.
Last night he was positively identified by Mrs. Nelson as the man who
had snatched her purse. Detective Charles Cody, who was detailed on the
case by Chief Lees, after the identification, ordered a charge of grand lar
ceny to be placed against the prisoner. When questioned Neville denied
that he had stolen Mrs. Nelson's puse.
"In some way," he explained, "the woman's purse came into my pos
session and when the crowd pursued me 1 returned and threw it at her
I did not steal It and she knows it.
As several men .saw the act Neville's story will not have much weight
wn«h his case is called in court.
To Detective Cody Neville ?aid he lived on Second street near Town
send with his wife and three children.
He is a teamster, but has been out of work for some time. He informed
the. detective that his family was starving and that in order to satisfy
their craving for something to eat he concluded to do something desperate
Meeting Mrs. Nelson he could not resist the temptation of stealing her
well-filled wallet.
THE SAN FEA]S CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
PICTURE SHOW AT
THE BOHEMIAN CLUB
A Great Exhibition of the Painter's Art at the Owl's
Roost.
MEMBERS of the Bohemian Club
who are so fond of the art of
painting that they paint pictures
to exhibit and sell have a fine
collection of paintings on exhibition at
the club. In a circular issued Novem
ber 18, 1898, by W. G. Stafford, C. E.
Bickford and M. A. Newell, the com
mittee on art, the prediction was made
that the collection would be a notable
one, as "All our artists offer new
paintings." The collection is Indeed
highly creditable, but the artists in
music— the singer 3, the banjo players,
the poets and the fiddlers do not" offer
new paintings ia goodly number."
Nevertheless, the singers, the poets,
the writers and the players went to
the opening of the picture show and
congratulated their fellow artists on
the success of the exhibition. A legion
of ladies attended and admired the
canvases of Hill, Harrison, Robinson,
Stanton, Strong, Peters, Clawson and
Solly Walter. The club was opened for
visitors at 10 a. m., but the crush did
not come until the middle of the after
noon.
Among the artists contributing to the
collection are: H. R. Bloomer, H. J.
Breuer, Fred S. Butler, Guiseppe Cade
nasso, Emil Carlson, A. B. Chittenden,
J. W. Clawson, R. H. Fletcher, H. S.
Fonda, Marion Froelich, T. Alexander
Harrison, Thomas Hill, C. A. Jorgen
sen, C. Chapel Judson, L. P. Latimer,
Javier T. Martinez, A. B. McCloskey,
Henry Napperbach, Ernest C. Peix
otto, Charles Rollo Peters, C. D. Rob
yesterday, but as thdr counsel was not
ready to proceed the case was continued
one week, at which time a motion for a
new trial will be argued.
DESPONDENCY AND DEATH.
Mrs. Georgie Meadows Dies From a
Dose of Carbolic Acid. \
Mrs. Georgie Meadows, better known by
her maiden name of Georgie McFarland,
swallowed a dose of carbolic acid in her
room at the Vend^me, 15 Turk street, yes
terday morning. Her groans attracted the
attention of other roomers, in the house
and they notified the Receiving Hospital.
She was removed there in the ambulance
and died a few hours later.
She was a woman about 30 years of age.
Three or four months ago she separated
inson, John A. Stanton, Meyer Straus,
Joseph D. Strong, Thaddeus Welch,
Solly Walter.
The picture holding the place of
honor In the display Is C. D. Robin
son's canvas, "Going Out to Dewey,"
and represents the departure of the
first United States expedition from
San Francisco, May, 1898, to uphold
the honor of our flag abroad. The
price indicated on the catalogue Is
$2000.
T. Alexander Harrison's picture,
from her husband, who was then living on
Steiner street, and took rooms at the
Vendome, where her sister resided. She
was subject to despondent fits, and a
week ago told a friend that she would
commit suicide. Her parents live in
\\ heatland, Yuba County. Her body was
removed to the Morgue.
From Chicago, New York, Boston, we
deliver to all points Cresta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas present 3 now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co., 410 Post St.. S. F. •
Jordan on "The Enchanted Mesa."
The first of the free course of lectures
grlven under the auspices of the lecture
bureau of the Y. M. I. will be delivered
by Professor David Starr Jordan Wednes
day evening, Dec. 7, at Menlo Park. The
subject of the address will be the "En
chanted Mesa," and will comprise a vivid
.^^__^_^^_^_^^_^_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Maggioni kid gloves fit better
and wear longer than any 7
other kid gloves in the world.
>..':.; ■... .
■•.;-,. ■■....-, . . _ :
Snowflake
Curtains
■ Dark cream ground, with Roman stripes
in delicate colors that blend harmoniously;'
three yards long, yith fringe about six
inches long; material is transparent thus .
allowing plenty of light; used also in "
connection with the draping of lace cur-
. tains; also ■ suitable for mantel drapes; ' ':.
: texture is soft and yields to every re-
quired position. •.■;:.--;> :- ■ ;'.il'?
Curtain Scrimm
.  called ■■• by the manufacturer "Kiro
Etamine." Cream open work material
40 inches wide, • for window and sash cur- :r: r
tains; several different designs; worth 20
cents a yard, present price
10c
GL.OYOS
We have just received a shipment of two-clasp embroidered back
glace' kid gloves in all colors at $i.oo a pair, which are superior to any
glove sold in San Francisco at the same price.
Every pair is guaranteed and will be fitted if desired.
125 to 135 Kearny Street
"The Brook," attracted a deal of ad
miration from the visitors.
The collection embraces 190 pictures
painted by members of the club, and
ten by non-members.
On Wednesday, December 7, and Sat
urday, December 10, from 2 until 5
p. m., ladles will be welcomed to the
exhibition upon presentation of cards.
A prize of $100 will be awarded the
painting chosen for that honor by a
committee to be appointed by the pres
ident of the club on the closing day.
description of the Arizona deserts and the
beliefs of the Indians in reference to
them. The material for the lecture has
been gathered by Professor Jordan in his
late visit among these people. The lec
ture will be illustrated with a number of
stereopticon views.
The committees representing the San
Francisco councils in the matter of an
nual lectures met in Y. M. I. Hall on the
evening of Wednesday, the 30th ult., and
discussed th* preliminaries with a view
to systematizing and arranging the course
in this city. Every council in the city
was represented and a lively interest was
manifested in the work in hand The
opening lecture in this city will likely be
delivered by Rev. Father McCorry C S
P., under the auspices of Ignatius Coun
cil No. 35. The lecture will be held in
the month of January. 1599.
Held for Murder.
The preliminary examination of Daniel
Christmas
Handkerchiefs
Our stock is now complete and
the values are worthy of your
attention, as the prices are exceed-
ingly reasonable. Your selection
should be made this week while
the assortment is complete and
the store is not too crowded.
... ADVERTISEMENTS. .;' \. ; V
NEW GOODS
FOR
THE HOLIDAYS!
Our stock of NEW GOODS for the HOLIDAY TRADE
is now complete, and we are showing a splendid assort-
ment of seasonable goods in all departments.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
LADIES' LINEN CAMBRIC INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
90c, $1:50 and $2.25 Box.
Half Dozen in a Box.
LADIES' EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN HAND-
KERCHIEFS, .
[ 20c, 25c, 35c, up to $2.50 Each.
LADIES' PLAIN LINEN CAMBRIC AND SHEER LAWN HEM-
STITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
$1.20, $1.50, $2, up to $9 Dozen.
GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
$1.50, $2.40 and $3 Box.
Half Dozen In a Box.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
$1.75, $2.40, $3, up to $9 Dozen.
GENTS' SILK INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
35c, 50c, 75c and $1 Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED SILK REEFERS,
M 51.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2 and $2.50 Each.
SJPECIA him...
ISO dozen LADIES' SHEER LINEN EMBROIDERED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, in a splendid variety of patterns,
50c Each.
SPECIAL.
300 dozen EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN LAWN
HANDKERCHIEFS, assorted patterns,
15c Each.
A large variety of CHILDREN'S FANCY HANDKERCHIEFS, in
NOVELTY BOXES, t
20c, 25c, 30c and 50c Box.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
O'Shea, charged with the murder of his
sweetheart, Julia Keeley. at 1126 Howard
street, October 22. was heard before Judge
Conlan yesterday, and he was held to an
swer before the Superior Court without
bonds. No new facts were elicited and
no defense was put in.
Have You Eczema
Or any skin eruption? Use Smith's Dan
druff Pomade, the only positive cure.
Price 50c, at all druggists. Sample free.
Address Smith Bros., Fresno, Oal. •
Bights of School Teachers.
"The Rights of Our Public School
Teachers," will be the subject of an in
teresting address to be delivered by the
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson this evening at the
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church. The address was prompted by
and is the outcome of the recent Board
of Education expose. Teachers and the
general public are invited to attend the
lecture.
I . CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. B
H x.ivi.f\& is comiNa if
H lie store gifts to be delivered in tecuonabla I
1 DOES IT SEEM 1
U IWPfISSIRFF BEGABDINO BAirTA'S 1
n 11111 J JIULiL, VISIT TO TOUR HOME B
H THIS YEAR? IT SHOULDN'T. WE CAN H
M HELP YOU-VISIT US AND SEE. M
I SPECIAL THIS WEEK: I
I CHILD'S WILLOW ROCKER, tfi CA I
| The Good Strong Kind, «Pl»w" |
ffl Then tee have, other rockertfor the rest of H
§3 the K<>rkrrs chuck full of comfort, c
Kj Send for Booklets. tj
I THE J.WobNAN 1
| " FURNITURE COMPANY, Inc. |
g 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST. B
M Above Sixth. f:|
B Phone South 14. , Open Evenings. H
A MOST INTERESTING
COLLECTION of HOLl-
day gifts on sale.
Opticians ko^ a k gency
642 Market St.
chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
DOOOO OOO O 6 000 O O O C
S w PALACE ml
ZGRAND hotels*
D 9Ai» pitAmctmoo. \ .
J* Connected by. a ' covered pas&agewayi Tj*
D 1400 Rooms— 9OO With Both Attaoh*d. *[
9 Ail Under . One Management. C
D ■.. * NOTI THE PRICES: - C .
_. European Plan. oo per day and apwtrf.
9 American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward Q
Q r Correspondence Solicited. (J
5 JOEH 0. KIBEPA7RIOK, Kuue». <]
O O OQOOOOO O O O O
SFh Chlehettcr's Eacllgn Diamond Brut. - "
rENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PtLLS
-' w -<£*:v " Original and Only Genuine. A
fKSV BB * rt ' «lW»y» ■ rellabl*. LADIES Uk O\ S
At/l-r^Mt. Drosslst for Chichuttrt Xnglish Jha-iPW\
yyiT^JgPvmoTui Srand In KeJ and tivld mttalllo\\*Br
;*^ —Ofi<Qboxca, lealad with blae ribbon. Take V&r
ir) ®^> Wwno other. Rrfutt dangtrout fu&ttitu* V '
I /■""■" (Tf imtfaJionj. At Dragslsti.or «md4«,
I » tJf in ttmnpt for partlcalart, t«rtimoalaU »n*
if ' : " B M Relief for Ladles," i 'nlttttr, bj retan ! 5
"■\_^_>K_ ■■'MslL 10.000 Tr-itimoolall. XaSM^aaar! -
_ , yy m Ckl"«»ie»t«r Chemical Co.,MadlMa
hid by all Local Drog«i«u. PITTT . * IwC P^
"DUTTCTITPQ FOR BARBERS. BAJC
DItUOfIJLO ?«- Uth-
• -v : -. v-■..v -■. . ■ ■■: houses, billiard ■ tables. '
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. .nn«rs» . <
dyers. ; flourmills. foundries, ■ laundries, r pap«r«
hangers. printers, painters. sbo« (actorlatv '
stablemen. tnr-mnf«>ni. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS., v
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3b
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAUNY AND WASHINGTON — RE-
modeled ' and renovated. KING WARD& *
CO. "„, European plan. Rooms : 50c to $1 60 day-
Jo to $8 week; $S to J3O month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room; nre grates In everw
room;. elevator runs ajl night, ■ £fj . » YWTHE CALL Sunday Edition
BEGS BY DAY TOREVEL BY NIGHT
SINGULAR DOUBLE LIFE OF A SAN FRANCISCO MENDICANT
WHO BEGS FROM HOUSE TO HOUSE DURING THE DAY
AND AT NIGHT SQUANDERS HIS EARNINGS IN GAY
LIVING.
V night, a gentleman as to outward seeming; by day, an un-
B kempt vagrant, wandering from door to door with a lie and a
whine for each; under the sunlight, cla in rags; under the
gaslight, an exquisite.
Perhaps you have seen him. His name is Jones, but he
has taken the name of Nolan. He is young, probably not over
twenty-three, and he is smooth, oh, very smooth. He has reduced
beggary to a science and pretense to a fine art. Nolan is of medium
height, inclined to fatness, for he lives well. He has coarse but not
repellant features, for he reveals them fully by frequent shaves. He
ha~ an abundant suit of dark hair, somewhat wavy. His eyes are
of a color hard to describe, giving- the impression of being green.
Beware of this man, because he can talk a suit off your back, or
if you are of the other sex he can induce you to search the closet
for one of your husband's, and with winter coming on the old man
may need it again.
Nolan lives in a lodging-house on Mission street. He used to
live at a hotel, but the proprietor did not like his style and asked
him to seek other quarters. He sought them, and found them where
no questions are asked. Pauper or prince, it makes no difference,
so long as the price of a bed is forthcoming, and Nolan always has
the price. The method by which he secures it is not devoid of interest.
Thursday morning of last week the doorbell rang at a house out
on Jackson street, between Leavenworth and Jonea. The place is
specified so that Nolan may become aware that his game is known,
and in a sense, but good naturedly, that he is being coppered.
The head of the house opened the door. The visit had not come
as a surprise to him. In fact, Nolan had been invited to call. He
probably had expected to see the lady of the house, for at sight of
a man he did not look happy. Nolan was dressed to fit the part he
was playing. His hat was battered and ancient. The rim lopped
helplessly and through the crown the air percolated with the utmost
freedom. .
"Well?" remarked the man of the house, who, by the way, had
been waiting just an hour for the visit.
The stranger was a bit disconcerted. While he paused a study
was made of him. Oh! tramp forlorn. Oh! poverty most dire. The
coat he wore was so old that the original color was not even sug
gested. The sleeves showed a tendency to drop off. There was a
rip up the back. The buttons were gone, but as the buttonholes
were also this was not a material point. '. c pantaloons were far
too large and frayed about the bottoms. Once they had been gray,
but grease and filth had accumulated until a scarecrow would have
shuddered to have flaunted them to the winds of a secluded corn
fleU. His shoes were of the sort worn by a street laborer, but had
long passed their prime, and were caked with earth which looked
as though there for a season. Vest he had none, and the open coat
displayed a shirt which had never known the chastening experience
of the laundry.
"Well?" repeated the head of the house.
"A gentleman down at the Peniel Mission told me," said the
tramp, "that by coming here I could get some clothes. I need some
in which to look respectable."
"You would work if you had a chance, I suppose?" he was asked.
"Indeed, I would," was the response, "but a man can't ask for
■work in such clothes as these."
He threw back the buttonless coat and made a display of sus
penderless, soapless poverty.
"Do you belong here?"
"Yes."
"What do you work at?"
Alas for the nerve to ask him not at what he worked, but whom
h s worked. »
"Anything I can get, but times are hard."
He sighed dismally, did this Weary, and there was a passing
temptation to offer hirj» a drink, which would have been done but
for fear that he might accept.
"Don't you find it a pretty hard graft?" was the next query.
Nolan seemed puzzled. "Graft?" he repeated. "I only came to
get some clothes."
"Well, are people generally willing to give clothes?"
"I don't know," answered Nolan, with a faint smile. "I heard
that somebody here would be, and you see I need 'em."
The outcome of the conversation was that the tramp went his
way with a bundle under his arm. He was very grateful; he said
so himself. The clothes he received were not the best, but when
the fact was called to his attention he remarked cheerfully that they
were much better than the ones he had on, which was true.
In the package was a complete suit, Including an overcoat. As
the offering was being wrapped up the recipient was eying it nar
rowly. Was he calculating, poor fellow, how it would fit? He wasn't.
He was calculating how much the garments would bring at a second
hand store, that's what he was calculating, so sympathy may be
withheld.
"You're not too proud to carry the bundle through the streets?"
h? was asked, as he started away.
"Too proud!" For the first time he smiled. "No, I am not and
I'm very grateful to you."
An inclination to say, "Oh, rats! Nolrn," was repressed with dif
ficulty, and the bogus Weary got outside. Things looked cleaner
af ?r he had gone. Once outside and supposed to be out of sight
he drew from some pocket a cigarette which he inhaled as though
to kill the odor of his rag-tag garb. Then he struck for a place
where there is a market for second-hand clothes. He sauntered
along Jones to Market and darted into Fourth. There was no hesi
tation about his movements. He had been there before. He threw
the bundle down on the counter.
"How much?" asked the elderly person in charge.
"Couple of dollars," was the careless response.
"Mine Gott! Vould you ruin me?" and two deprecating palms
showed a depth of feeling that no student of palmistry was needed
to interpret.
Ab nearly as could be observed a compromise was reached, for
the dealer seemed satisfied and Nolan had coin to clink.
So Nolan lives and thrives. He hangs about the missions, where
he manages to get tips as to the whereabouts of the charitable, and
his little account book is full of addresses. He makes long trips
through the Western Addition, he skirts North Beach, and Pacific
Heights are not too aristocratic for him. He is seen far out Valen
cia street.
He is not proud. He will accept anything. It may be a stylish
coat a trifle shiny, or it may be a baggy pair of trousers, old shoes,
a hat. When the kind-hearted lady cannot find any of these useful
articles he will even humble himself to take money. By doing this
he escapes the trouble of visiting the second-hand dealer. It is a
wretched article indeed which cannot be converted into money, per
haps only a trifle, but Nolan has learned that the world is made
up of trifles.
* • •
In the evening a young man appears on Market street. His
abundant curling hair is crowned with a felt hat of the latest pat
tern and most expensive make. His linen is spotless, his tie correct.
A long overcoat envelops him. It is of good material, perfect in fit,
a proper cut. His trousers are creased just sufficiently to make
them set well. His narrow shoes shine so that at a glance they
seem to be patent leather. As the overcoat opens there is shown a
frock coat as up-to-date as the rest of the rig.
To one who has observed Nolan, the tramp, on his rounds, par
ticularly to one who has donated a suit to him, there is a suggestion
of familiarity about this faultlessly clad young man.
But surely the tramp, who in the morning slouched along, a piti
ful wreck, can have little in common with this kid-gloved, cane
swinging, erect, quick-stepping specimen, who looks as though on
his way to the theater or bedecked for conquest. But study the
coarse features; gaze at the shifty greenish eyes. There can be no
mistake. It is Nolan, the AVeary Waggles of the early day, the men
dicant, the vagrant, the fraud.
Concerning the fact that one half the world does not know how
tha other half lives remark has frequently been made heretofore.
Instances of dual existence multiply. Here is simply another one of
them. There is no more complete metamorphosis when the butterfly
emerges from the chrysalis than there is when Nolan lays aside his
rags, washes off the grime and comes forth to dazzle. Where he gets
his good clothes is somewhat of a mystery. Doubtless he could buy
them, but there is hardly a probability that he does. Occasionally
the vicissitudes of life compel men to take their best togs to uncle,
and often they never get them back. Nolan's relations with uncle
are intimate, and as the harvest of cast-off apparel is steady he
may be able to conduct a dicker in which there is no cash con
sideration. Then rich men have been known to give away new
s.ioes because they infringed upon a favorite corn, or to throw aside
a coat from not liking the set of it.
To term Nolan a dude would not be exactly fair. Even after
he has doffed his working garb he has an eye to business. Some
times he appears without the cane and discards the gloves. Then he
visits the missions and seems to enjoy himself. He not only listens
to the music, but joins in. He has a good voice and the familiar
hymns seem to app"eal to .him. He likes to have the active members
of the mission talk with him, and while he does not appear to ac
cept their teachings, exhibits an habitual tolerance. He has little
to say about himself, perhaps because he dares not tell the truth
and does not want to add to the pyramid of lies erected during
the day.
When the mission hall is closed Nolan has been known to go to
his room, resume the tramp disguise and work the very streets
where a few hours before he had paraded with i n air of conscious
pride.
He does not always do this. Sometimes in all the glory of his
best attire he seeks again the brilliantly lighted thoroughfare, and
one would as soon think of offering alms to a banker as to him.
Yet it cannot be said of him that he toils not, for surely the as
sumption of a beggar's aspect and a walk Hm door to door is not
in the nature of recreation, while the ability with which he be
comes something else would bring him success on the staga. Nolan
is no fool, so far as cunning goes, but a person of his astuteness
ought to devote his talents to the production of better returns. His
soul should soar above the discarded vestment and the sordid dealer
therein.
Another side there is to Nolan. He is not alone the beggar and
the mission attendant, but he is a sport. The lighter side of life
appeals to him. He is not averse to a bumper, fresh and foaming.
H"? likes to see a show, and he has a sense of humor, for with royal
air he will bestow alms upon the applicant. This is a joke on us all.
He is in reality bestowing our last year's coat, our wedding trousers,
or the shoes which hurt our feet.
For at least eighteen months Nolan has been leading this double
existence. He has proved himself an expert. To him life is a one
act play and he undertakes all the parts. It is impossible not to
entertain for him a sense of admiration, not, however, that this
should go to the extent of applauding him or refraining from throw
in? him out. This article is not written with a lew to disturbing
tin happiness of Nolan. It Is merely to show him that at last the
public" is on." Anybody desiring to contribute to the gentleman still
has the privilege, but to this is added the still more blessed privilege
of kicking him down stairs.
People desirous of seeing Nolan may get trace of him at the
Peniel Mission on Third street; ask for him at the Model lodging
house on Mission street, or if they wait patiently he will hunt them
out with a fetching tale of woe.
As Nolan, the tramp, he will talk a little.
As Nolan, the gentleman, he is reticence itself.
As Jones, he is absolutely dumb. He has relatives across the
bay and they, being proud enough to earn bread by recognized and
approved methods, might not be joyed to know his scheme.
So good-by, Nolan. As a tramp artistically pitiful, as a gentle
man a successful bluff, as a singer of Gospel songs stirring the heart.
When next in need of old clothes call agair. You won't get them,
but a brief conversation with you might be utilized as a sequel to
this plain tale of which you are hero and -Main-
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.18
Are American Girls Treated Worse
Than American Horse.
Dr.. W. Gill Wylie stands among the leaders of that sec
tion "f the medical profession which has made woman a life
study. In. New York, where Dr. Wylie lives, he is considered
the past master in his art. Women whom the great medico
scientists of Europe! have abandoned to the assaults of the
physical ailments that afflict them come from aJI over the
world to Dr. Wylie to be treated. And thus it is when Dr.
Wylie talks about woman he speaks from an international
standpoint, because he knows the characteristics of the
women of the different civilized rations.
MY experience is that the American horse receives on the
average better treatment than the young 1 women of America,
and when I say young women I mean from the time early
girlhood begins until the age of development has passed.
The man who breeds stock never forces the young animal
in any way during- the period of development. He realizes that
thai is the time the greatest care should be taken. If American
parents would flevote anything like the care and attention to their
daughters during the period of early development that the breeder
does to his stock there would be a tremendous decrease in the
physical degeneration of women and a great increase in the num
Outfitting Vessels to Work Among Sinners
"The Christian Endeavor" Just Launched Here to Do Missionary
Work, Jlround the Bay. In the East a Handsome Yacht Has
dust Been Equipped for Work, in Cuba
and Porto Rico.
MILITANT Christianity may,
perhaps, be observed in its
most interesting and pictur
esque phase about the San
Francisco water front, espe
cially since the little Christian steel
battleship, the Christian Endeavor, has
been put into commission.
This marine and evangelical novelty
has just been completed, was commis
sioned or dedicated last Sunday and
will hereafter challenge and put forth
boarders to incoming deep-sea ships
along with the custom house cutters,
the quarantine launches, thg boats of
the Merchants' Exchange, the runners
for the boarding masters and supply
men and so on. The big ships that get
into port from long trips from Bombay
and around the Horn a*-e used to being
held up by such — »«Tilar outfits as those
mentioned before anchor is dropped in
the stream. They are endured by the
incoming masters and crews as part of
the fortune of marine life, and whether
they provoke profanity or not, as they
often do, they are not regarded as spe
cial means of grace. But hereafter a
trim and speedy little vessel about as
big and important as any in the swarm
will be on hand along with the rest of
them soon after any ship is reported
"passing in" and before the quaran
tine officer gets back to Meiggs wharf
and before the runners are through
with their rustling there will be a little
portable organ in place on deck near
the forecastle, and with the permission
of the captain and the indulgence of the
crew Moody and Sankey songs will rise
on the breeze. Words of prayer will be
part of the sailors' first welcome to the
big harbor. Then invitations to church,
reading room, social privileges and
friendly care will be bestowed.
This is to be a part of the regular
routine of arrivals from the deep sea
hereafter and is the beginning of the
outcome of a long-cherished plan. All
the Christian Endeavor societies of all
denominations in the city and some of
the suburbs compose the Golden Gate
Union. The marine branch of its work
is in charge of a "floating committee,"
and a vessel to give its operations no
bility has long been its dream. Partly
through the surplus from \he national
Christian Endeavor convention a gaso
line launch costing $2100 was made pos
sible, and this launch is now ready. It
has a steel hull, is 32 feet long, carries
a 20-horsepower gasoline engine, is
prettily finished and furnished, is
speedy and can carry fifty people. An
engineer has been hired for the start,
but several athletic young endeavorers
will learn how to run gasoline launches
and take turns as volunteer engineers
and captains. It is proposed to keep
the launch ready for service at most
times and promptly board Incoming
phipp. Evenings and Sundays trips will
•be made all about the bay and to Sau
sallto. Port d>sta and Vallejo, holding
servio< s on shin board, making mission
ary calls or bringing off sailors to
prayer meetings and social entertain
ments.
Tho equipment of the boat will in
clude two little portable organs, which
•can be lightly swung to a dock, a stock
of lanterns to hang about decks whither
the little circle gathers for devotions in
thf haven, a -lot of readlnr matter pick
ed up from all directions, Bibles, hymn
books, etc. The building and equip
ment of the launch has been in the
hands of throe trustees, of which J. S.
Alien, president of Golden Gate Union,
..is chairman. It is proposed to help sup
port the work by renting the launch to
pleasure parties for a day now and
then, and this will make It necessary to
transfer the boat to a corporation to be
formed.
Tho work will remain in charge of H.
F. Edei>, who is the practical head of
the floating Work of the union. He was
born at sea. has been a sailor most of
his life, and for s#me years has been
associated with the venerable Rev. J.
Rowell in the work of the Mariners'
Church. Contact is made with thou
sands of sailors yearly in this port, and
the new battleship will greatly increase
the work.
Special to the Sunday Call.
JEFFERSON VILLE, Ind., Dec. 2.—
"Cuba and Porto Ricp for Christ."
With this beautiful sentiment as
our masthead motto we shall sail
for the West Indies when our fine
yacht, at present in process of con
struction, is finished. When I say "we"
I mean a band of devoted missionaries,
who will go to Cuba with the same de
termination to save and to help as our
brave army had to kill and to destroy.
We are soldiers of Christ and sailors of
the gospel yacht. An army and a navy
is one, and we hope to do great things
for the cause we love.
•The gospel ship that is to be built
■ for us here will be the largest ever
launched. There is to be a chapel on
board with a seating capacity of 700.
The equipment will consist of a big
stock of Bibles for free distribution,
and every man of the crew will be a
sailor-missionary.
The boat is to be launched on the
Ohio River and will reach the ocean by
way c-f the Ohio and Mississippi waters.
All the way down the rivers missionary
work will be carried on, and en Voute
for the objective point, the islands of
the "West Indies, every opportunity to
preach Christ to the people will be
made the most of.
The purpose of this yacht, too, will
be to help physically, if hungry and
naked this sea-going vessel will send
for supplies. What folly to presume to
save a soul first when emaciated and
broken down with lack of nutrition. Is
not this the cause of a sickly soul in a
sickly body?
We shall recognize no nationality.
Cuban and Spaniard alike will be in
vited to attend our floating chapel. The
The magoificent yacht which Is being fitted out in Eastern waters to sail along the coast of Uncle Sam's new possessions in Cuba and Porto
Rico, where the missionaries on board will try and save lost souls.
Christian religion will be spread along
the northern and . southern shores of
our new possessions wherever a com
munity can be found. With mission
aries on board tpeaking the Spanish
language, the work will be carried on
among the natives of our new islands
as long as one remains outside the fold
of the shepherd.
The gospel yacht will be a lifeboat to
the roving wanderers of the deep. The
wonderful story that has been preached
in all the cities, villages and hamlets
of this favored country will be taken
over the storm-tossed waves to the
neglected Cubans and Porto Ricans,
and white and colored will be blessed
by the coming of the Bible boat. This
missionar— yacht will prove itself the
most wonderful and successful mission
ary agent that has ever been guided by
the loving hand of the Great Pilot.
In certain districts along the water's
edge of big cities are those poor, miser
able and very wretched mortals who
have but one more step to take, and
that is a midnight plunge In the merci
less waves that usher them into eter
nity. In those dark haunts of vice and
evil our men and workers will go with
.the open Bible and will point those lost
souls to Christ. They will be Invfted on
board the ship to hear the word of him
who came to save the Magdaline and
the woman who was a sinner.
Garments will be provided for those
who are wretchedly destitute, and many
will donate their laid-off clothing that
may be utilized for this purpose.
Thus the crew of the yacht will bring
THE SAX FB Ay CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
ber of rosy-cheeked girls, who are now the exception rather than
the rule, among the school-going section of American young women.
The greatest trouble is found in the ' vmilies of the middle
classes, where the parents have great ambitions for their children
and are anxious they should be intellectually developed to a point
far beyond that which they themselves were able to reach. The
result of this is that a girl Is sent to school too early in the be
ginning, and from the time she is ten years old until she is sixteen
is made to cram her head with knowledge In advance of her years
and so rapidly that the brain will not assimilate it. That is why
we see so many girls with the face of eighteen or nineteen when
that age is reached and the body of a child. The whole strength
of development is devoted to the brain and physique finds expan
sion as best it can.
New England furnishes the best type of this sort of woman —
New England, where woman is supposed to be more perfect than
in any other section of the country. The New England woman is
sharp and intellectually far above the average, but look at the
physique of the average New England girl. It is away below par.
The intellectuality has gone on and on, while the development of
the physique has been comparatively at a standstill. Where the
New England family of a century ago consisted of ten or a dozen
children, to-day there are one, perhaps three, children, and again
absolute sterility.
Forcing the girls to study more than they should at the age
of early development is the cause of this. The generative organs
of a girl are the same at eleven as at two years of age. If the
mind is forced, then when the time for development arrives the
physical suffers and the result is degeneration.
The best remedy for the existing evil is the use of common
sense. There are two things, or two institutions, which enter very
largely into the cause of the lack of development of the American
girl. These are the Normal school and the boarding school.
As to the Normal school, I regard that as one of the dangers
which the young girls of America have to face, and this fact is
as it is because the age at which entrance to the school is per
mitted is less than it should be. No girl should be permitted to
enter that institution before she Is sixteen years old.
I secured the appointment of medical examiner from the Board
of Education of New York city for the express purpose of finding
out just what the physical condition of the teachers and the girls
who wanted to be teachers was. I found that the perfectly de
veloped woman was a rarity among the teachers who had reached
sunshine and warmth to many a dark
and gloomy place, and the same that is
written will come to pass, "The people
who sat in darkness saw a great light,"
and those in the valley and shadow of
death on them great light has shone.
It is said that Saturday has been a fatal
day to the royal family of England for
the last 185 yeara. William 111, Queen
Anne, George I, George 11, Goorge 111
George IV, the Duchess of Kent, tho
Prince Consort, tne Duke of Clarence, the
Duke of Albany and Princess Alice all
died on that day.
the adult age. I found that in almost every instance the girls of
fourteen who entered the Normal were stunted physically. A class
of girls weTe given an impetus along the road to womanhood lack
ing the qualities that make the woman the mother of children who
tend to advance their race, rendering them instead either sterile
or in such a condition that they could only bring weaklings into
the world.
Parents seem to forget that their girls have bodies at all and
take only their minds into consideration. It is apparently con
stantly borne in on them that in order that their girls should be
sjnarter than some one else's girls they must study harder and
harder and take the physical exercise, the outdoor life, whenever
it happens to be convenient.
There is where England has the best of us. Over there a girl
stays a child until the time for her to enter into young womanhood
has arrived. Her associates are children, her thoughts are those
of the childish mind, and so when the seed of learning is implanted
in her brain it falls in fallow ground and the development is strong,
healthy and enduring. Her muscular and general development keeps
pace with everything else and she is healthy and strong mentally
and physically.
Now about the types of women that best illustrate this view of
the matter. I told you that the New England woman was the most
typical of the forced intellectuality. Look at her thin face and un
developed physique. She is as bright as a dollar and she is up in
all sorts of intellectual ways. But if she marries she either h*»« «o
children at all or very few and instead of motherhood being a bless
ing it sometimes proves a curse to her.
I believe that the girls that best exemplify the perfect type of
American womanhood are to be found in Baltimore and - Pennsyl
vania. The young women down there have not been required to
lead a forced life. Nature has been allowed to have full sway, and
if it was her bent to produce a girl of unusual mental power so it
happened. If the girl was naturally dull intellectually there was no
effort made to force her into what she was not fitted for. In this
way the girls have grown up in the way they Bhould go, as would
always be the case if unnatural ways were not followed. In any
section of these United States where the parents of girls are willing
to make of them just what nature intended will be found the best
specimens of the American womanhood.
There are hopeful signs .among the daughters of what the world
calls the better class of men, meaning by that the men who have
the most money. There seems to be less of a tendency to force
daughters of such fathers than there used to be. And now I am
New steel hull boat, whiith has
Just been launched in San
Francisco harbor, to be used
in missionary worl^ around
the bay.
Is the World's Wheat Supply Growing Less?
The Famous Strtement of Sip William Crook.es of the British
Jjssoeiation Provokes a .Number of Replies on the Cereal
Conditions of This Country.
It is generally supposed that the type
writing machine is quite a modern inven
tion, but there is a record in the archives
of the English Patent Office for 1714 of an
application for a patent for such a ma
chine. Exactly 100 years later the firm
of Bain & Wright applied for a similar
grant, and the construction of their ma> •
chine afforded a basis that enabled a Mr.
Thurber, at Worcester, to improve the
system. In the year 1851 a Frenchman of
the name of Foucall obtained an English
patent for a very ingeniously conceived
writing machine which was shown in this
great exhibition of the Same year, and
created no small sensation
speaking of New Yorkers. Look into the life of the middle classes,
however, and you will find that the evils of which I have spoken
are rife indeed.
It is just this sort of feeling among parents that results In peo
pling: the 'world with young women totally unfit to bear the burdens
which nature intended for them. When there is a complaint of a
woful absence of pretty girls it is very certain to be true that there
is an equal lack of proper physical development due to the forcing
process or the lack of attention to girls' physique which is fatal to
health and consequently good looks.
There is no better example of the physical degeneration of woman
than is found by a study of the old families of this country and par
ticularly of New York. In their cases it is not so much the result
of the forcing process as it is of the absolute yielding to luxurious
living and the lack of proper attention to physical development.
In order to arrest this degeneration I would advise parents to
keep them children as long as they ought to be. Let their associates
be children. Put adult things away from them. Don't let them
read the books that their mothers and fathers read. Don't let them
read the newspapers. See that they are out of doors, out of doors,
out of doors. Don't send them to school too early. Don't make them
try to learn too much when they go to school. Let the development
of their bodies keep pace with the development of (heir minds. Then
there will be no more pinched and haggard faces among the children.
They will be healthy and happy.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by S. S. McClure Co.
THE latest recruit to the ranks of
jaundiced philosophers is Sir
William Crookes, the president
of the British Association for the
Advancement of Science. In his
presidential address, delivered lately at
Bristol, he took the ground that only
wheat-eating nations represented the
highest type of civilization, and that
the British nation in particular, being
inferentially the greatest wheat-eater,
presumably represented' the highest
type. He further attempted to show
that in the course of a very few years
the world would reach its maximum
wheat production, about 3,260,000,000
bushels, beyond which it would be most
difficult to go.
Should the increase of population
continue with unabated rapidity, it is
evident from the views of Sir William
that, beginning with about 1913, the
wheat-eaters will grow short of rations,
with the result that brain and brawn
will enter upon an era of stasis, fol
lowed soon by an actual retrogression.
The distinguished position in chemistry
and physics which Dr. Crookes occu*
pies has given to his vaporous vaticina
tions a remarkable vogue. English
printed newspapers the world over
have given a prominent place to his
prophecies, and people not familiar
with the facts have been thrown into
the greatest perturbations by fear of
impending starvation. Fortunately Sir
William Crookes in dealing with the
food supply of the world has entered a
field with which he is to a certain ex
tent unfamiliar, and therefore his views
are not entitled to the same weight as
if they had been expressed concerning
the conditions of radiant matter, of the
four dimensions or of telepathic inter
course.
Stated briefly, Sir William's views are
as follows:
First, that the maximum wheat pro
duction of the world will be reached in
a few years, and that this maximum is
only about 3,260,000,000 bushels.
Second, that the increase in popula
tion of the wheat-eating nations of the
world will be rapid enough to absorb
the maximum production of wheat in
about 1913.
Third, that it will not be possible,
with the acreage and natural fertiliz
ers available, to increase the wheat
production beyond the limit named.
Fourth, that the chemist must supply
the fertilizing materials necessary to In
crease the capacity of the wheat fields
to meet the increase in population.
Fifth, that nitrogen is the one ele
ment most essential to wheat growth.
Sixth, that this will probably be se
cured by the production of nitric acid
by electrical action, and that the water
power of Niagara could be used for
this purpose.
The fallacies of Sir William's state
ments are so patent that it is not neces
sary to go into very great detail to
show them. In the first place it may
be mentioned that the earth's fertility
is not becoming exhausted by the prac
tice of scientific agriculture.
On the other hand, it is easily dem
onstrated that the fields of the world
which are properly cultivated are crow
ing constantly in fertility. This in
crease has come almost exclusively
from the practical application of the
results of the researches which have
been carried on by agricultural chem
ists, and which have been worked out
in the agricultural experiment stations
of the world.
Chemical research has shown the re
lation of plant food in the soil to that
which is removed in the crop, and has
suggested methods whereby the waste
of plant food can be largely prevented,
and the stores which have already been
carried beyond reach can be gradually
restored to the fields.
The agricultural experiment stations
of the United States and the scientific
divisions of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, although young in
years, have contributed no small share
to the elucidation of the problem of
increasing the earth's fertility.
In the north of France, which is the
great wheat producing area of that
country, the average production of
wheat per acre has Increased in the
last twenty-five years from seventeen
to over twenty-six bushels. Last sum
mer in the north of France I visited an
experiment station and was shown a
variety of wheat which had produced
over eighty bushels per acre. This re
markable result has been attained
by selecting from a prolific variety
of wheat year after year, the largest
grains, planting these and again select
ing, until a variety has been establish
ed which gives the phenomenal yield
mentioned above.
The State of Maryland, amonf the
older States of our Union, has perhaps
suffered more in the past from un
scientific farming methods than almost
any other locality. So impoverished in
many cases have the soils of Maryland
become that it is regarded as a proper
place to avoid by all intending invest
ors in agricultural lands. Prince
Georges County, which borders on
Washington, has perhaps suffered as
much as any t>ther portion of the State
In this regard. Fifteen years ago
largo portions of the former arable
land in this county had been abandoned
for agricultural purposes. On these
very lands scientific agriculture has
been able to produce prolific crops, and
the agricultural experiment station of
Maryland is situated upon land which
years ago had been exhausted of Its
fertility by the practice of the agricul
tural methods of the early times. This
soil, which was regarded as almost
worthless for agricultural purposes,
has under the scientific treatment to
which it has been subjected produced
an average of forty bushels of wheat
per acre for many years.
What is true of Maryland is true of
other portions of the country. It is per
fectly certain that by the application of
methods which have already been dem
onstrated as effective to the wheat fields
of the United States it will be easily
possible, without increasing the area
under wheat tr* a single acre, to more
than double the -ield. The total area
of Belgium is 7,278.720 acres, and the
population is 6,410,783. or nearly one
person for each acre. The State of
Ohio resembles Belgium in contour,
climate and fertility of soil. Ohio, how
ever is nearly four times as large as
Belgium, and, measured by the Bel
gian standard, could easily feed 20,000,
000 people. The wheat fields of Ohio
alone, cultivated according to the high
est standard of the nsrrlcultural art.
could almost produce wheat enough to
feed the present population of this
country. The acreage devoted to wheat
in the United States could be easily
doubled did the price of this staple lus
tlfy the expansion. It is no rosy vision
to predict that this country can. with
out violence to other agricultural inter
ests, easily produce a thousand million
bushels of wheat per annum.
Theories often suffer when brought
into violent collision with farts. The
real facts about wheat production are
that it has more than kept pace with
the increase of population, so that
wheat and its products were never
cheaper than they are to-day. Perhaps
there has never been a time in the
history of the world when a day's labor
could buy so much wheat as at the
present moment. The catastrophe of
starvation for lack of wheat is there
fore evidently one which Is to come
suddenly since it gives no evidence of
its approach at the present time and
according to Sir William it Is so nearly
du e- H. W. WILEYLUCKY WAY A SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN MADE A FOR TUNE ON THE KLONDIKE
i Pleasure Trip to Dawson Last Summer; Heard of a Strike While Going Up the YuKon; Joioed the Starrjpede and Was Arrjong the First to Arrive at the New Diggings; Was Lucky Enough to Win First Choice in the Drawing
for Claims; Also Won a First Choice of Lots in the New Town Which the Gold-Hunters all Started In to Build; Selected a Good Saloon Site; Was Offered $8000 for It; F"ed Her Claims; Started Back for the Yukon;
Was Lost in a Blizzard ; Saved by an Indian Girl and Guided Back to Circle City— Proud, HPPPy and Very Successful.
MISS DORA DIXON has been
sharing her father's perils on
the Yukon. She shares his ti
tle, too. From St. Michael to
Dawson City she is called the
"Daughter of the Yukon."
From one end of Alaska to the other,
taptain Dixon is known as the "Father
>f the Yukon."
He earnf-d his title by guiding the
3rst steamboat that ever plied the Yu
con.
She acquired hers by virtue of rela
C. P. HUNTINGTON Talks About the Possibilities
of Trade o n the Pacific Coast.
Special to the Sunday Call.
I ASKED if Mr. Huntington saw a prospect of a great increase
in ship building in the near future.
"The increase will be enormous," said he. "We are going
to build up an American marine. I have not the figures with
me, but I should say that not 1 per cent of the export business
of this country is now carried in American bottoms."
"Is this improvement to be brought about with the aid of Con
gress?"
"What has Congress to do with the merchant marine? Only a
few of the smaller nations of the world now subsidize ocean steam
ships. England does very little for her merchant marine. We build
ships to-day as cheaply as England excepting the cost of labor.
When we can build ships in competition with foreign builders there
is no reason why Congress should be asked to help our ship builders."
"Do we build ships as good as those built on the Clyde?"
"A great deal better. There are American-built ships in service
to-day between New York and New Orleans which are thirty-four
years old. The ocean tramps built in Great Britain are not in
tended to last more than five or six years. We have a better class
of labor in this country and we are selling ship building material
to English builders to-day. I think I was one of the first men to
predict that American steel would sell in England."
" I asked Mr. Huntington if he believed with a great many men
who are interested in the Pacific trade that the opening of China
meant the development of ship building on the Pacific Coast. He
said he thought' the increase in business would be on the Atlantic
and that the ships would go around the Horn to enter the Pacific
trade.
"Mr. Scott," he said, "has a very fine ship yard on the Pacific,
but over there they lack certain advantages which we have on the
Atlantic. They have to get their metal from us and their coal.
The greatest cost is in the labor. As I said, if we had cheaper labor
in this country we could build ships to-day cheaper than England.
In a ship which costs one-half million dollars not $100,000— no, not
$25 000 — is represented by materials in the crude state — the iron in
the American mine, the timber in the American forest. The re
mainder is good American labor. We have the best labor in this
country that is known in the world; but it is expensive."
I asked Mr. Huntington if he had been correctly quoted as saying
that the Nicaragua canal was not practical commercially.
••I have said so," said Mr. Huntington. "When any one asks
my opinion I tell him what I think. I do not know that I care to
say anything publicly against the Nicaragua canal project though.
It will give employment to half a million men for eight years and
that is a good thing. Besides the men who have the matter in hand
are good feilowp. Warner Miller Is one of the best fellows we have
in this State. There is a great deal of enthusiasm about the matter
and if the Government has the money to spend it may do some good
and very little harm to spend it."
"But you don't think the project is feasible, financially speaking.
"Because there is not tonnage enough. They compare it with
the Suez Canal. They say the Suez Canal has ten million tons of
freight every year; that the Nicaragua Canal will have as much.
Now the two canals are entirely different. -The Suez Canal Is prac
tically the only route from Eastern Asia to Europe, which gives it
a monopoly of the business.
tionship.
The "Father of the Yukon" proved
his right to the title by pleading a pre
vious engagement when the miners at
Rampart City invited him to a necktie
party. The captain politely but firmly
refused their invitation. His freight
was intended for the starving miners
at Dawson. The men in Rampart City
had no pressing need for the provisions.
Captain Dlxon finally succeeded in con
vincing them of that fact, and the
noose of rope especially prepared for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.U, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1898.
the "Father of the Yukon" was un
twisted.
At Circle City the miners demanded a
share of his freight. They did not
couch their request in ordinary lan
guage. It swung from the end of a rope.
The captain was again given his choice
between parting with some of the pro
visions or occupying the place of honor
on the rope. Since they were really in
need of provisions he met their . de
mands.
When the "Father of the Yukon"
landed in Dawson City he unloaded all
"We have on this continent railroads which are far beyond the
needs of present traffic. I will guarantee to haul on one railroad
from the Atlantic to the Pacific ten times as much freight as is
now handled by all the railroads. I will agree to transport by rail
in forty days to the Pacific Coast a million men and all the neces
sary implements of war.
"Understand, I don't care whether the Nicaragua Canal is omit
or not. It cannot hurt the railroads— in fact it may help them.
"By handling the shipment of coal, which is very troublesome
to the railroads. For handling other freight you cannot find any
thing cheaper than a railroad. When I owned the Chesapeake and
Ohio Railroad we could take three thousand tons of freight at the
summit of the Alleghanies and run it down to Newport News at
the rate of twenty-five miles an hour and four men could handle
the whole thing. There is no way so cheap for handling freight
as the railroad after the road is built. Of course I am not taking
into account interest on the cost of construction, but the actual
cost of running the train." n
"But will not the Nicaragua Canai have a strategic value.
"How? All an enemy would need to block the canal would be
a single ship of war of, say twenty-two knots, which could get away
from our war vessels and keep ships from entering the canal, and
then there are plenty of locks in a canal and it is not hard to find
some one to blow up a lock and make your canal useless. You
would have to keep a navy on hand to guard the mouth of the
canal at each end, and an army to guard the whole line, 170 miles
long."
"Then you think the canal will never be built?'
"1 am sure it never will be."
"How about the Panama Canal?"
"That is a different proposition. That at least is a clean Job,
physically speaking. You are working in rock and clay there, while
in Nicaragua you work in mud, and the diseases which come up
from that mud will kill off many of the thousands who go down to
Nicaragua to work."
"What is your estimate of the cost of the canal?"
"Not less than $200,000,000. I have done a good deal of that
sort of work and I ought to know something about it. I have been
down there and I don't care what the engineers may report, I be
lieve the work will cost $200,000,000, and not J130.000.000, as is esti
mated."
Mr. Huntlngton said he believed there was a period or great
development opening on the Pacific. But as to the settling up of
the country along the Pacific railroads or a possible increase of
traffic which would make them more remunerative or reduce the
rates of transportation he would not undertake to make a predic
tion. He is an expansionist and believes there is an opportunity
which may never come again for the United States to extend her
trade with all Asia by holding the Philippine Islands. He thinks
our foothold there will give us an influence in China which will
assist in the development of our interests in that country and at
the same time prevent the undoing of that great nation. As to
interfering to oppose the partitioning of China, as Colonel Denby
has urged on our Government, he thinks we would better not, as
we may antagonize other nations, % especially as their presence in
China is certain to open up and no % t to close the country.
Mr. Huntington se«s great opportunities for young men In the
period of development in the opening of the Far East. But no
matter what the opportunities, he says, success will come only by
observing certain simple rules of life.
the remaining freight.
Any one in Dawson who did not have
a year's provisions was given free pass
age on the boat back to St. Michael.
Half way down the machinery got out
of order and the captain stopped for
repairs. The men on board feared that
through this delay they would not get
down before the river froze over. They
ordered the "Father of the Yukon" to
proceed without repairing the damages.
Captain Dixon knew this was fool
hardy and refused. For the third time
on this eventful trip a stout pi eve of
rope was used as an argument. The
captain again refused to dangle on it.
The miners persisted. The captain re
mained obdurate. Finally the miners
yielded to him, turned to, helped repair
the broken machinery, and St. Michael
was reached in safety.
It was thus that Captain Dixon earn
ed and proved his right to the title of
"Father of the Yukon."
Miss Dixon first acquired hers —
"Daughter of the Yukon" — simply be
cause she was Captain Dixon's daugh
ter. Now she has fully demonstrated
by her pluck and courage that she is
worthy of the title. By right of her
own deeds she is the "Daughter of the
Yukon."
"From the day I landed in St. Mich
ael," says Miss Dixon, "on the St. Paul,
J. was in one constant state of excite
ment. Adventures, for, which I had
longed all my life, came so thick arid
fast that I am now just beginning to
realize how much peril and enjoyment
was crowded into my short stay in
Alaska.
"Do I really enjoy peril? Yes, really
I do — after it's all over. The first thing
I did when I landed in St. Michael was
to spread the Red Cross fever. They
knew of the war, but we brought the
first details of what was going on. The
fever spread like wildfire. The miners
immediately gave an entertainpient
and enrolled several hundred members.
It made quite a little nest egg for the
Red Cross.
"We stayed in St. Michael only long
enough for papa to come down from
Dawson with the steamboat Bella. As
soon as he landed he was exchanged to
the Louise, the first modern steamboat
to ply the Yukon.
"We left St. Michael on the 13th of
July and started up the Yukon for
Dawson. We stopped at the various
missions on the way up, and while I
found the Mission Indian an improve
ment on the Indian in his native state,
I was thoroughly disgusted with them
all Afterward I learned to be grateful
to 'two Alaskan Indians. For one told
us of the new gold discoveries and the
other saved our lives.
"When we were about 130 miles from
Circle City an Indian boarded our boat.
From his jargon my father made out
that some rich discoveries had been
made on a creek five miles further up.
Father had once befriended the Indian,
and he had watched for the steamer to
tell him of the 'find.' Mr. Ivy, the Col
lector of Customs for Alaska, and his
wife, who were with us, four of the men
and myself determined to stampede for
the diggings.
"At Nation River, 125 miles from Cir
cle City, we left the Louise, provided
with supplies and the Louise's lifeboat.
"We had been on the Louise almost a
month, and it was like leaving home a
second time to watch the steamboat
ply steadily away from us, making
straight for Dawson. We cached our
belongings at Nation River and at 5
o'clock started off for the creek. Mrs.
Ivy and myself were so elated at the
idea of staking a claim that we did not
mind the rough tramp to the creek.
"Fourteen claims had already been
taken up. The discoverer of the creek
had named it Fourth of July Creek,
from the day of the discovery, and had
constituted himself recorder of the
claims. We were in a quandary as to
whom in our party should stake the
first claim. Finally we decided to settle
it by chance. Fortune favored me and
I staked the first claim, 1300 by 620 feet.
It was the fifteenth claim on the creek
and the first staked by a woman.
"We peeled off the bark of a tree and
first cutting the date of the month — the
10th of August — then in turn scratched
on our respective claims. The recorder
took them down officially and we
started back for cur camp at Nation
River.
"Some of the men, instead"*of going
back with us, started further up the
creek to seek for more gold.
"Mr. and Mrs. Ivy and myself made
for our camp at Nation River. It was
dark and in some manner we lost our
bearings. All that night we wandered
around, and at noon next day, half
dead with hunger and fatigue, we ar
rived at camp. The others in the party
were already there. Their search for
gold farther up had been unsuccessful.
"We talked over the future of Fourth
of July Creek with the half dozen min
ers who previous to us had staked
claims and were waiting there until the
proper time to work them. We decided
that a town at least as big as Circle
City was bound to s-ring up at the
most desirable point as soon as the
news of the discovery spread.
"The town would have to be at the
nearest point on the creek to the Yukon
River, whence the supplies would be
obtained. At that point we staked out
town lots and put up half a tent, the
nearest approach to a house possible
with our limited means. I, as the
daughter of the Yukon, was given the
honor of christening the town. I
named it 'Nation City,' after Nation
River.
"There are now a couple of dozen log
huts in Nation City. For the news of
the richness of Fourth of. July Creek
has spread. Some day I hope to see the
city of my naming as large as Circle
City, which is the largest city in the
•world— that is. the largest log cabin
city. It boasts of 375 log cabins.
"After naming the city we boarded
the lifeboat with our possessions, in
tending to float down to Circle City and
there await the return of the Louise
from Dawson.
"We left Nation City at about 6
o'clock in the evening. At about 8 a
furious storm broke, that threatened
to upset our boat. Mrs. Ivy and myself
held on in terror, and the men were al
most as frightened. If we made for the
shore it would be almost as bad, for we
would be without covering. But we
landed and found an Indian girl watch
ing our efforts to remove our bedrag- •
gled possessions. 'Lea show you,' said
FAMOUS CASES OF
SENSATIONAL SLEEPERS
SLEEPLESSNESS is one of the
curses of our civilization, and as
the doctors aver, it is one of the
penalties which we pay for the
rush and tumult in which we live.
In spite of this, however, every now
and then cases are brought to light of
people who defy the prevailing sleep
lessness, and ii.dulße in naps which are
not to be reckoned by hours or days,
but even by weeks and months, and in
rarer cases by years.
Unquestionably the most remarkable
case of modern times is one which ex
actly reproduces, and even outdoes,
the legend of Rip Van Winkle, who
slept for twenty years, for this indi
vidual has been asleep for close on
three-and-twenty years. He is a Ger
man by birth, named Herman Harms,
who has been ring for thirty odd
years near the city of St. Charles, in
the State of Minnesota. On his arrival
In tha west of America he took a farm
and began working on it.
One day when he came home from
the fields, feeling perfect^' well, he fell
asleep after having had his suooer.
Next morning he evinced no disposition
to get up and since then he has scarce
ly ever awakened of his own accord,
and has practically never once erot out
of his bed. He used to be roused about
once a day to be fed, but as «oon as a
little milk was poured down his throat
he would fall off to sleep again and
the Indian girl. Lea is the favorite
name of the Indian girls who have been
at the missions. We followed her won
deringly through the pouring rain until
she finally stopped at a deserted In
dian cabin.
"There was nothing in the cabin but
an old stove. All the gold of the Klon
dike would not have looked as precious
to us. We made a fire, hastily prepared
some of our wet food, and then lying
down on the ground floor of the cabin
slept until far into the next day.
"The Indians are so filthy that I had
sworn I would never enter one of their
huts. But the most welcome rest that
I ever had was in this deserted Indian
hut.
"We rewarded Lea, and again board
ing our lifeboat, without adventure
floated safely into Circle City. We
waited until the Louise arrived, and
boarding her went back to St. Michael.
"Of course I felt the effects of the
tramping, excitement and wetting. I
had a slight attack of pneumonia be
fore we left St. Michael for California.
"I had been gone from St. Michael
from the 13th of July until the Ist of
September. In that short time I had
staked a rich claim, named a city, taken
sleen the round of the clock.
When he went to the New World he
took with him his wife and five little
children, who were dependent on his
exertions for their livelihood, and they
were naturally compelled to live in
straitened circumstances, for he could
Five no attention to the working of the
pronert-". Gradually, however, It de
volved on others, and as his sons grew
up they took hold of the management
of the little estate and have reclaimed
those portions of it which were allowed
to be neglected.
Harms is now 56 years of age, and
looks almost like a skeleton, for his
weight has decreased enormously dur
ing his sleep. When he began hiß re
markable period of rest he turned the
scale at 182 pounds, and now he weighs
only 84. so that he must be literally a
bag of bones.
During the whole twenty-three years
he has been asleep he has only had one
period of wakefulness, which occurred
some few months ago, but the hopes
which were inspired that his sleep was
over were rudely destroyed, for within
a week he had relapsed and was slum
bering as soundly as ever. All sorts of
means have been taken to get him
awake, and powerful electric shocks
have been administered to him, but
without avail.
The peculiar thing Is that nobody
knows why he should sleep as he does.
Many doctors have been called In to
uee him, and have stated that he is suf
fering from a complication of bodily
disorders. One Bays heart disease, an
other says kidney disease, a third says
up a town lot and oraved a storm on
the Yukon in a lifeboat.
"Altogether I have been away from
San Francisco just five months. Most
people have to stay in that country
several years to accomplish anything.
I succeeded so well because, as my
father's daughter, every one tried to
help me. Had it not been for the In
dians whom my father had befriended
I might have an entirely different tale
to tell."
Miss Dixon is very proud of her title—
"daughter of the Yukon." She dis
claims that she has earned it. She
says it is hers through her father ■
title— the "Father of the Yukon."
softening of the brain, a fourth the use
of too much quinine, and so the list
goes on; but other people have these
complaints, either alone or all together,
yet they are no more prone to sleep
than the rest of the world; so these ex
planations can hardly be the reason of
his extraordinary condition, and It
must be sought elsewhere.
Another case of a similar natur*
which approached, but can hardly be
said to have rivaled, this inordinate
sleep was that of a young woman who
slumbered away fourteen years of her
life. When she was twelve years old
she had an attack of fever and fell
asleep, and asleep she practically re
mained for the next fourteen years,
when she fell into that longer sleep
which knows no waking. For some
months after she had what Bottom in
the "Midsummer Night's Dream" calls
"an exposition of sleep" upon her, she
would awake for a few minutes once or
twice a day, and advantage was always
taken of that opportunity to feed her,
but her spells of wakefulness only
lasted a very few months. Gradually
her sleep got more and more heavy,
until at last it became a condition al
most "bordering on coma.
Sleepfulness at the other extreme of
life is .found authenticated in the case
of an old woman named Elizabeth Per
kins. She lived in Norfolk, and the
greater part of her life toward its end
was spent in sleep, although she woke
up with remarkable regularity on one
day in every week.^
Smolensk, in Russia, has a peculiar
lottery four times a year. A young girl
Is raffled for in 5000 1-ruble shares. The
winner marries the girl and receives the
money from the lottery as her dowry.
The girl, however, may refuse to marry
the winner, in which case the money
from the lottery Is divided between
them.20
THE COST OF BEING
IN THE SOCIAL
SWIM
IN NEW YORK.
Special to The Call-Herald.
FROM the standpoint of $60,000 a
year income, life in New York,
if one wants to be in the social
swim, is almost as much of a
puzzle in the way of making
two ends meet as trying to live on $1500
a year in some much smaller city where
social ambition is not so necessary for
one's well being. The cares and anxie
ties of a mother with two or three mar
riageable daughters in New York at the
present day are manifold and varied,
for the cost of living has increased
fourfold within the last four years, and
since the war has again taken a jump
upward.
Rent Is a Serious Matter.
The first thing to be considered in be
ginning a serious social campaign in
New York is the matter of rent. Per
sonally speaking, I do not own, but
rent, a town house, but we have, of
course, to have the Newport cottage,
the Adirondack camp, the little box at
the Hot Springs for the autumn and a
house at Aiken for the winter— that is,
after Christmas, so that it is not worth
while for us to come to town for more
than two or three months. But, then,
we have to pay for being in town at
least $500 a month, so you can easily see
what rent amounts to in the course of
the year, and it is well known I am not
an extravagant woman.
Indeed, for the set I am , identified
■with I am considered extraordinarily
economical, but, as I have said before,
the rent, to begin with, makes a big
hole in the money my husband and I
have to live on. Fortunately, I have an
income as well as he, so the $60,000 a
year that we have between us sees us
through fairly well— though it's none
too much. But. then, I am what is
called a good manager, so we don't
have many worries.
Those Servants.
The next large expenditure for the
household is the question of the money
paid to the servants. It is simply mad
dening the amount that they demand,
and things have got to such a pass that
it is necessary to pay fabulous wages in
order to get good service. Then the
servants have combined to have as
many helpers as possible, so that it
takes two to do the work of one. Our
household is run economically, I am
sure of that, for I keep fewer servants
than any of my friends, and yet 1 can
not run my household with less than
fourteen, and that includes the men
servants.
The stable I have very little to do
with, for I leave that for my husband
to look after, except that I engage the
coachman and footman, as I am very
particular as to their appearance. I
will not be driven about by men of
different sizes and who are utterly lack
ing in style.
As you know, I do not keep a chef,
apd I will not pay over $50 a month
tot my cook, but I must pay $75 to my
butler or have wretched service. My
daughters must have a maid, and of
course the woman who waits on them
has all she can do without looking
after me, and at my age it is most Im
perative that I should have a woman
to look after my gowns, arrange my
hair and keep my personal belongings
in order.
I have to pay the woman I want $35 a
month; to the girls' maid I pay $25, and
they are cheap at that money. There
are lots of little things that they do
that otherwise would have to be sent
out of the house to be done and would
cost a lot more. Then I suppose in per
sonal expenses I might count telephone.
The bill 'for that came in yesterday
and the excess charges were $100,
which seemed to me a swindle, but
afterward found were all right.
I cut off one expense this year, that
of housekeeper. At least, I was going
to cut it off, but I found when I look
ed into the matter that she saved her
wages, $50 a month, out of the bills,
and although I had to have another
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
Jhe society season of 1898-99 is under Way and Will be
in full sWing shortly. What docs it cost the fashionable
Woman of the day to be "in the social sWim ? " That ques
tion Was ansWered in an aristocratic draWing room of NeW
York the other day, When a lady prominently knoWn in the
"sWell set " remarked that it might be done by a good
manager for $60,000 a year.
J\sUzd if she Would say exactly What Were the expenses
of a J^eW York Woman of fashion, she kindly complied in
the accompanying communication.
woman to wait on her, even then fhe
wus an economy.
Entertaining Costs a Lot
Entertaining costs us a lot, and yet I
don't see how it can be done for less
money. I am not counting the cost of
house parties or what we spend when
we are out of town, but simply what it
costs me in New York the short time
we are here. I gave an entertainment
the other day for my youngest daugh
ter, who is only 15; she invited only 160
of her friends, and $800 had to be spent
on that entertainment alone, and it
amounted to very little after all—noth
ing In the least of a show about it.
A simple collation; a cotillon, of course;
and the favors ran away with a lot of
money. But it was only a child's party
after all was said and done.
I have been giving a series of little
dinners for the older girls and have
really succeeded in getting the ex
penses for these dinners down to $100
each. Tl»e dinners don't amount to
much, you know, compared to those I
have to give for my husband occa
sionally. I cannot give one for his
friends short of $250. but then I have
very good wines, and spend a good deal
on flowers. The older men appreciate
those things, and, after all, I think it's
money well spent.
Mannerless Youne Men.
I do grudge the money spent in en
ttrtuining the young men, who have no
manners at all and act as if they were
conferring a favor upon me by accept
ing my invitation, and were it not that
I lock upon the money spent upon them
simply as an investment there are not
half a dozen among the lot I should
ever have in the house again. But
when you do entertain them and give
thorn the sort of food and wine they
like, they will have bestowed the pleas
ure of their company upon your girls
for perhaps two or three dances in the
coarse of an evening and they are very
useful at dances.
We have to keep the horses in town,
of course; no woman of any self-re
spect would think of going out in so
ciety if she did not have her own
horses. This going about in hired cabs
is, to my mind, essentially bad form,
and I would infinitely rather stay at
home altogether than to go out in a
shabby way. Then one needs a second
man to be on hand to call the carriage
and to hold one's wraps, and you can't
have a man for this purpose who is not
good looking and has some effect about
him. Of course that counts.
Theater Parties Good Investments.
Theater and opera tickets are never
included in the list of expenses that
must be met, but nowadays girls must
go and see every play that comes out,
and, lifter all, nothing tells better than
a theater party with a supper after
ward. I am not counting in the cost
of an opera box at all. I am fortunate
enough to own a box. as you know, and
although my husband says that the
pleasure of owning it costs a pretty
penny, it is one of the expenses I never
bother my head about. I am simply
thankful I have it.
Pew rent I have to face, but my pew
is also a family inheritance, and I've
never allowed more than $500 for my
church expenses, and I should have a
very uncomfortable feeling if I did
not give that much to the church; be
sides, it would be very bad form if I
didn't.
At a dinner the other night a lot of
people were discussing the question of
how much it cost to live in New York.
All sorts of sums were mentioned, but
we all arrived at the conclusion that
nobody could present any sort of an ap
pearance in society on an income of
less than $60,000 a year— that is, to go
out. keep horses and live as one must in
these times, even if one did not in- the
least intend entering the list with the
Astors or Vanderbilts. '
Fearful Cost of Clothes.
What paralyzes me this winter is the
fearful cost of clothes. I used to think
I could dress the girls and myself on
$8000 a year, but no matter how econ
omical I try to be this year the thing
cannot be done.
1 took the girls the other day to get
their winter hats. I want them to look
well this year; it is necessary they
should look well if they are go
ing to be any sort of a success.
For street wear I could not buy a street
hat for less than $25, and the hats in
which they looked the best cost $130,
and I was told these hats were a neces
sity. I think they must be, for I saw
Mrs. , whose income I know is
much less than mine, and she said she
had just paid $75 for her hat — a very
insignificant looking little affair it was,
too. Fur is used to a degree that is
appalling, and one must have at least
one hat trimmed with sable or chin
chilla.
Buying for "The Dear Girls "
Then fur gowns are another neces
sity, particularly if a woman goes In
for skating, and my girls skate. I
bought one of them a gown of black
Persian lamb, the entire gown of fur,
and for the other I bought a coat and
skirt of mink; for one I paid $700, for
the other $800, and they were nowhere
remarkable gowns. It was an awful
price, 1 know, but what could I do?
However, they do look smart, and I
consider the money well spent.
Then the muffs cost so much. The
latest fad is to have sable muffs lined
with the sable, and these cost from
$500 to $800 apiece. Of course it is not
necessary for everybody to wear sables,
but one does feel awfully out of things
when all one's friends go in for a fash
ion of this sort.
Evening gowns are very expensive.
They are very smart and becoming, but
do cost an awful lot of money. There
were two that I set my heart on that
Mrs. will not give for a penny less
than $700 each, and I hate to put that
amount of money in a gown, particular
ly when it is so effective that everybody
will remember it next year if I try to
wear it again. I am sure you will know
that economy is my watchword when
I tell you I only bought one of these
gowns and then bought my four others
for $300 apiece. She let me have them
at that price because I bought so many
and I am a good customer of her, for I
always pay my bills within a year, and
I know very few people do that.
Some '"Trifles" That Cost " Hundreds. '•
Evening cloaks and wraps are sim
ply hideous in price this year. What I
Avanted to buy for myself they asked
me $600 for, and it did not amount to a
great deal, after all, no very valuable
lace or fur. To be sure, the cut was
everything, and the effect was excel
lent, but I do think that's an exorbitant
price for a wrap. I was fortunate
enough to get one for $400 that will an
swer all purposes, but I had to go from
Dan to Beersheba. I only paid $250 for
the girls' cloaks, and they were exceed
ingly good, too, and very cheap for
what they were. One was a pale blue
miroir velvet and the other was yellow
trimmed with lace, with high fur col
lar, but I had the lace, and that is the
reason I was able to do so well. Then
we all had to have short wraps, but of
course those cost very much less. I
think we got them all for $500; I'm not
sure. Then I had my last year's opera
cloak done over, so I am very well pro
vided for.
It Helped Marry Her Off.
I find tea gowns cost a lot, but one
must certainly have those if nothing
e ' se - Y °u know it is the axiom of one
or the best dressed women in New
York that if a woman only has a small
allowance at best she must spend half
of it on her street clothes and the other
half on one superb tea gown. This
same woman has married off a most
unattractive daughter and four or five
of her female relatives, none of whom
had any money to speak of, and the be
lief Is— in fact she says so— that it is
because they dressed according to her
dictates.
I did very well with the girls' street
gowns. I only gave $95 apiece for the
tailor suits— those severely plain three
quarter length cloaks— but I had to pay
$130 for more elaborate cloth gowns.
However, they are smart enough for
reception wear. I bought myself a
black velvet, but that was one of the
greatest bargains I ever bought, for I
only paid $350 for it, and I can wear it
in the evening wifh a low waist, al
though I don't suppose I ever shall do
it, for I do think if anything is poverty
stricken it is this idea of one skirt to do
duty with two or three waists.
A Matchmaking .Mamma.
I am anxious that they should both
marry, and marry well, and, to be quite
frank, that is one reason why we are in
town this year. But what I shall do
when it comes to the question of trous
seau I can't imagine, for I want my
girls to be as well turned out as any
body else is, and yet when a lot of us
were discussing this subject at luncheon
yesterday, we agreed that a girl ought
to have at least $3000 to buy her trous
seau. Of course, it can be done with
less, but then the people in our set don't
do it.
It's very puzzling to know whether
it's best to give girls an allowance and
let them see what they can do for
themselves before they start out on
their trousseau; but then they don't
know where to go as well as I do, and I
can't possibly afford to give them more
than $3000 a year to dress on, that is, for
each one of them.
Extravagant? My, No !
And I do not bring up my girls ex
travagantly, but wish them to be sur
rounded with the same atmosphere that
they will be in when they are married.
I do not expect them to marry out of
their own set. It would not be advisable
for them to do so, and they must ac
cordingly learn how to dress and live
in the way they always will, if nothing
happens.
This matter of Aiken Hi the -winter
eats up a good deal of money, but no
doubt there is a good deal of social
benefit to be gained therefrom. It is
like going in for Meadow Brook and
the hunting set generally. It cannot b«
done without considerable expenditure,
but we look upon this, my husband and
I, as a most necessary expense, and
judging by what we have seen among
our friends, there is not a cent spent
foolishly.
Pinched on $60,000 a Year.
It is all very well for people who are
not in the social swim to comment on
the amount of money that is spent and
$60,000 is certainly at first sight a large
sum,- but there are very few years when
even with the most careful manage
ment we do not run over this amount.
In order to keep up the town and
country houses that are necessary a lot
of servants must be kept in the differ
ent establishments. There is nothing
much more telling than to have the
country house always open and ready
to take a house party there for a few
days, and this can only be done by hav
ing each and every house -in order with
a full equipment of lineti, china, etc.
And even if only a few servants are left
those must be of the best, and must be
ready and waiting for a telephone
message.
The Stables.
The style of living in a country house
need not be as formal as in the city,
but there must be a sufficient number
of horses and traps ready at a mo
ment's notice, so that virtually two
stables must be kept going. We do not
bring all our horses to town, so we are
in better shape in this respect than
some of our friends, and my husband is
capital at keeping up the stables, so
I really don't bother much about that.
He is awfully good about most things,
and does not limit me in the money I
spend. But this autumn he has asked
me once or twice if I did not think I
was rather rushing it, and, certainly,
when we stopped to think of it, to be
paying over $100 for a hat and $700 for
a cloak or gown does seem rather ex
travagant.
I suppose it is all the effect of the
war, for every one has- told me that
after the civil war there was the great
est extravaeance and that people
adopted a style of living far and away
ahead of anything that had ever been
seen before, so this is probably just a
repetition of the same thing.
Makinjj Both Ends Meet.
I certainly do not intend to set up as
a social reformer, and all I can do is to
make the best showing possible on our
income of $60,000. I have not the least
intention of doing what lots of my
friends do, and that is ordering my
household and my expenses on the same
grade as the women who have incomes
of double that amount, and I am not
one of those silly people who say you
cannot live in New York on $60,000 a
year and go out in society.
It is a perfectly possible thing to do,
although it does call for careful man
agement in looking after small ex
penses, for I have always been a good
manager, and have that much in my
favor. Our income Is an assured one,
and there Is no reason why we should
not have a very good time, although we
are nothing like as well off as most of
the people we know.
"Charity" Is a Serious Expense.
There is one item that does amount
up in a way that Is very trying, and
that is the fashionable charity expense.
I am asked to be patroness for all the
different smart entertainments, for
which the tickets are now sold at $5
and upward. As a patroness I have to
dispose of from ten to twenty tickets.
Every woman I know is also made a
patroness; and has tickets, so that I
cannot possibly dispose of more than
one of the tickets allotted to me, and
the only thing for me to do is send a
check for the entire amount and look
pleased.
This would be all very well if it
didn't happen every two or three days.
Last winter the amount of money I
spent in this way was fearful, and this
season the demand has begun earlier
than ever. It does signify ascertain
amount of social standing to be patron
esses at smart entertainments, and I
suppose this must be counted in as one
of the unavoidable expenses incidental
to being in the social swim. I shall
allot a thousand for this one item and
try to save it somewhere else.
But positively I am so put to it to
know how to make both ends meet that
I often think that the woman who has
$1500 a year cannot have any more
sleepless nights or add up any more
long lines of figures than I do. She
may feel badly at the thought she can
not meet her bills, but then it is not a
necessity for her to buy the absurdly
extravagant things and to do the ri
diculously extravagant things I am
forced into in order to keep my posi
tion, for it would be the height of busi
ness folly on my husband's account and
the girls' if I were to do anything
which would imply that we were left
behind in this silly race for social su
premacy. _
On one occasion Edwin Booth, the
American actor, was standing behind
the scenes, when a character actor,
who had been giving imitations of
noted actors, was about to respond to
an encore.
"Whom do you imitate next?" Booth
asked.
"Well," was the reply. "I was going
to represent you in Hamlet's soliloquy;
but if you look on I am afraid I shall
make a mess of it."
"Suppose I imitate myself?" re
marked the tragedian, and nastily put
ting on the other actor's wig and but
toning up his coat, he went on and de
livered the well-known lines.
The next morning a newspaper stated
that the imitation ruined the perform
ance, "the personification of Edwin
Booth being simply vile enough to
make that actor shudder had he seen
it."
Twenty-five years ago France was able
to put the same number of soldiers Into
the field as Germany. Now the German
military forces, or rather the men of Ger
man nationality capable of bearing arms
would outnumber the French by a mil
lion.Falconry The Coming Sport
THAT most royal and fascinating
of all field sports, hunting with
hawks, is coming into wide and
general favor. Not only abroad
in the United Kingdom, France
and Holland, with other countries of
Europe, where it has been more or less
alive for the last hundred years or so,
but also in certain sections of the East
ern part of the United States and right
here in California, where the fields and
facilities for following it are second to
those of no other locality.
In the older countries new clubs are
being added to those already in exist
ence, leases are being made for long
terms of years of the hunting privileges
over large tracts of suitable land, and
numbers of men are again turning their
attention to falconry, an occupation
and means of livelihood that was once
honorable almost to the dignity of a
profession and almost as widely fol
lowed as any other peaceful pursuit in
cident to country life.
In the United States the sport prom
ises to become, if anything, more popu
lar than abroad for reason of the larger
fields and better facilities for following
it in all its best forms.
In most of the Eastern cities one or
more hawking clubs have been formed.
The Plymouth Falconry Club of Boston
and the Knickerbocker Hawking Club
of New York, the Eagle Club of Cleve
land, the Hawking Club of Balti
more and the Kankakee Falconry Club
of Chicago being the pioneers of the
movement in their respective localities.
' Teams of falcons and experienced
falconers have been brought from Erg
\kP w r\ (( TT (I 1 )i \f H in H I^2X4 H P' UTi )■ rO h< AV\\ i\l HI H S HI
■ CCORDING to ex-Governor McCorkle of West Virginia and many
A other prominent Southerners, both white and black, negro suffrage
J~\ is now the most serious problem before the American people. In
the article which follows he speaks with fiery earnestness of the
race troubles in the Carolinas. He says that it is folly to believe that the
Southern negroes vote as they desire, or that they ever will be allowed
to control elections, no matter how great their numerical majority.
In answering him, Booker T. Washington, the best known negro in
the South, president of the Tuskegee Institute of Alabama, makes the
sui prising statement that he believes it was a mistake to give the bal
lot to the negro originally and suggests that the right of suffrage be sub
ject to educational and property tests.
These two men represent the most advanced thought in the South on
tho race problem. W. A. McCorkle is an ex-Governor or West Virginia, a
lawyer by profession, and h° n'-ohably will be a United States Senator
in the near future. His knowledge of the race problem is the result of
generations of experience. His .mcestors were the first people to settle
in th^ valley of the Virginias, and the family has been there during the
last 160 years. His statement was taken verbatim by shorthand in Mr.
IffcCorkie's apartment at the Waldorf-Astoria, Ne . York, and has been
carefully revised by him. It follows:
Bvj Booker T. Washington
IT wes unfortunate that my people
permitted themselves at the close
of the civil war to be led in such a
wholesale manner into politics. In
many cases responsibilities were
accepted by us which we were not
equal to because of lack of education
and experience.
I do not believe that it is wise for the
Government nor Just to the people
sought to be helped to confer unlimited
suffrage upon any Ignorant, poverty
stricken, inexperienced people. I would
let the riKht to vote be interwoven with
land and Holland as a start, and steps
have been taken to keep up the supply
of birds from captures of young wild
hawks either from the nests in the
mountains of West Virginia, Kentucky
and Tennessee. Also the adult pass
age birds, which are to be seen in sea
son about the great flocks of migratory
birds which in spring and fall cover
the marshes and swamp lands in nearly
every State of the Mississippi Valley.
While good fields for the sport are
within comparatively easy reach of any
of the several cities mentioned, Balti
more and Chicago have large advan
tages in the matter of nearness to
those most abounding in game birds
and heron. A few hours' run from the
former city carries the hunters to the
lower part of the peninsula, between
the Potomac River and the ocean,
where myriads of ducks of all kinds,
woodcock, snipe, grouse, quail, in fact
almost every kind of game birds, as
well as the stately heron, are to be
found in season.
A short run in almost any direction
from Chicago will take a hawking
party to the open country full of grouse
and quail, and in the upper counties of
Indiana and Illinois, about the lower
end of Lake Michigan and along the
Kankakee, St. Josephs and other rivers,
are vast tracts of open country inter
spersed with marsh lands, which in
spring and fall are literally covered
with wild fowl and heron.
But with all these advantages neither
of these cities, nor indeed both to
gether, can compare with San Fran
cisco not only in being within touch of
a greater abundance of all kinds of
hawking game but also in being wUhin
close reach of a good supply of all
kinds of hawks from which falconries
may be established and maintained.
the ability to acquire intelligence or
property or both.
The feeling is very strong in the
South that since ihe negro pays such
a small proportion of the tax to sup
port Government that he should have
little or no control In the Government.
The feeling also exists in some sec
ticms that the negro wants to control
the white man. This is not true of the
black race as a whole. Unless the ne
gro gets into the hands of bad white
men he does not seek to control any
one except himself, and he has a pretty
hard task often to do that.
To my mind the way to remedy the
present evils Is for the negro not to get
discouraged. In the past I fear he scl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 189b.
Falconry is pre-eminently the sport
for the people of the leisure class who
have the means to indulge in it. It has
been so from time immemorial. Kings,
princes and nobles considered their ed
ucation unfinished until they had
learned well the falconer's art.^ The
gentler sex, too, were taught the mys
teries of the mews and how to fly a
hawk, as well as how to rein a steed.
The post of grand falconer to the
court of England yet belongs to the
ducal house of St. Albans, and is n^t
the least esteemed of its many proud
honors.
Falconry or hawking is also the most
ancient and probably the most widely
practiced of all the field sports that
have survived to the present day. Sir
A. Layard, in his work on "Nineveh
and Babylon," gives an account of a
"has relief" found in the ruins of Khor
sabad, which shows a falconer with a
hawk on his wrist in about the same
fashion as they are to be seen carried in
the present day.
In India, China and other parts of
Asia, as well as in the islands of Japan,
the sport has come down from the ear
liest to the present times, and is much
more generally in vogue than in the
more stirring and changing Western
BY BOOKER T. WASHINGTON, the Best Known Negro in the South, and EX-GOVERNOR McCORKLE of West Virginia.
too much store by politics. In too many
cases he has sought the shadow rather
than the substance.
The negro all over this country must
become a large taxpayer, own prop
erty, possess a high degree of industry,
skill and substantial character.
We must get our young people off
the streets, keep them out of barrooms
and dens of crime. The great bulk of
our people in the South are still in
dense Ignorance; ignorance leads to
idleness and idleness to crime.
The time has come when the best
white people and the best colored peo
ple in the South should get together
for counsel, advice and sympathy. The
negro must not feel that the white man
who is his next-door neighbor is his
enemy simply because he is a Southern
white man.
Bvj Ex-Gov>err\or JVlcGork'e.
LET us look at the inciting cause
of the recent trouble. Wilming
ton is a very beautiful town, in
habited by the best and most
cultured white people on this
continent, but ignorant, brutal negroes
control all the public offices. About
fifty justices' positions within the Wil
mington district are held practically
by negroes and a few white people. At
least forty of these negroes can neither
read nor write. Ruin, political, finan
cial and moral, stares the land and
property owning people of the city In
the face. Under the circumstances the
counties, where for many reasons it for
a time fell into general desuetude.
It has not, however, been extinct for
an hour in England, nor indeed in
France or the "low countries." From
the time of Alfred down to James I
and even to the commonwealth it was
the chief sport of the English aristoc
racy. Works on the subject were among
the first that were turned out from the
newly invented printing press. In 1486
Dame Juliana Breners, abbess of Sap
well, wrote and published the "Boke of
St. Albans," which contained valuable
treatises on "Hawking, Hunting and
Cote Armour." Shortly after came the
"Booke of Falconrie," by George Tu
berville. Gentleman, followed by others.
In 1615 Simon Latham published "The
Falcon's Lull and Call," which was long
the standard work, and lastly "Fal
conry," by Hon. Gerald Lascelles, in
the Badminton Library series of vol
umes on English sports, published in
1892, being the history of the sport
down to the present day. These are ajl
in the English language. There are
works on falconry also in French, Ger
man, Italian, Swedish. Russian, Hin
dustani and Japanese: indeed, in al
most every tongue that has existed
since the days of the Tower of Babel.
good people of the city, without regard
to politics, determined that no longer
would they be under the control of the
most brutal rule that has ever cursed
the country outside of Hayti and San
Domingo, and they have joined to
gether in a common bond of public in
terest. I speak plainly. It is not a
question of politics. Democrats were
not the only ones in the trouble, but a
Republican paying $1500 a week exclu
sively to negro laborers, and one of the
most important men of the city, has
been the head and front of the league
for defense of the public safety.
These men, without r|gard to poli
tics, determined that this negro rule
should then and there cease. They no
tified the negroes plainly that they
should not continue this state of affairs.
Bad blood was engendered, as it natur
ally would be; and when they attempt
ed, by a strong hand, it is true, to do
away with this anarchy, a personal
conflict was brought about, the first
shot being fired by the negroes, and
things were done which were never
contemplated. It was regretted and de
plored by every honest Southern man
that blood was shed. I speak as a
friend of the negroes. As a lawyer, I
have defended as many negroes as any
man in the South, without thought of
reward. When I was Governor of my
State every legal voter, white or black,
when he approached the ballot box, was
allowed to vote. I speak with a full
sympathy for the colored race, but,
nevertheless, I speak with a most earn
est determination, expressing the opin-
In England popularity of hawking
was probably greatest in Elizabeth's
time. Her chief falconer was Sir John
Sadler (for a time the custodian of
Mary Queen of Scots), and the place
which he selected for training and fly
ing her Majesty's falcons was Everly,
in Wittshire, in the old manor house
of which still hangs a portrait of Sir
John in his court dress, with a falcon
on his hand wearing a jeweled hood.
In an ancient hostelry near by the "Old
Hawking Club has for many years
made its headquarters, showing how
little the character of the country has
changed in the three hundred years.
In Valkinswaard, near Eindhoum, in
North Brabant, Holland, reside families
of men who from generation to genera
tion, as far back as history and tradi
tion tell, have been falconers and catch
ers of falcons. A hundred or so years
ago a large number of huts were built
out on the water every season, and
numbers of hawks were taken. After
the annual migration of birds was over
a sort of fair was held which was at
tended by the chief falconers of vari
ous noblemen and princes of every
court in Europe. Rare prices were paid
for birds under such competition. Then
came a decline until three huts alone
ion of the intelligent Southern man,
when I say that the white race will not
be controlled and ruled by the negroes
in the South.
In the splendid State of South Caro
lina there are 200,000 more negroes than
white people. In many portions of the
South this proportion continues. I re
peat most solemnly that the question in
the South is not a question of who shall
be the political rulers, or whether ne
groes shall have the right to vote, but
it is a question of life and death to the
Southern people. This is above all
statutory enactments. There are 6,000,
000 of negroes in the South; an inferior
race; a standing menace to peace, law
and order. We have spent millions of
dollars to raise them in enlightenment,
and yet to-day we are confronted in
many portions of the South by an alien
race — ignorant, different in color, differ
ent in education and refinement, abso
lutely dominating and controlling the
fairest sections on the face of the earth.
I have seen the assessors placing val
uation on land when none of them ever
owned a cent's worth of property, negro
policemen enforcing the law, clerks
making up the sacred and solemn rec
ords when the clerk himself could not
sign his name to the record and had
to have it done by other men. This
continued for. long years. Justice was
bought and sc-ld as a farmer buys a
field. Taxation in three years was in
creased tenfold. Murder and riot were
everyday occurrences, and the Judge
himself before an argument was con
cluded was taken off the bench and
gave his decision to the highest bid
der. Let me ask you one thing. How
were sufficient to supply the languish
ing demand, which came principally
from England, France and Holland.
Within the last ten or fifteen years,
however, the business of this unique
little town has seen a great improve
ment in the hawking business. A score
or more of men found good remunera
tion as of yore in the taking and train
ing of hawks.
In California along in the middle fif
ties hawking parties of ladies and gen
tlemen were frequently seen afield en
joying the sport furnished by teams of
well-trained and well-handled birds.
The officers of the Presidio garrison,
with their wives and daughters and
friends from the city, found it a most
enjoyable way of whiling away the
time that the rather idle routine of gar
rison life left hanging on their hands.
There are many people yet here in
San Francisco who remember these
parties and some who took part in the
hunts.
It is said that the first team of train
ed hawks was brought here by the offi
cers of a British man-of-war which
lay in the bay for some time during
the fall of '53 or '54. Some fine hunt
ing was done in company with officers
from the Presidio who became very
long would the people of New York
City or Boston stand that situation of
affairs? Broadway would be aflame in
a week and riot would reign rampant
up Fifth avenue.
Let me give you some other plain
facts. In two years the negro govern
ment increased the State debt from
$6,000,000 to $25,000,000, and I was there
when negro soldiers twice marched into
the State House L.nd took the Speaker
away from his desk and broke up the
Assembly and turned the members out
of doors. In four years they spent
$100,000,000. The taxable properties of
the State went down nearly two-thirds.
In ten years the negro rule of Louisiana
squandered $150,000,000, and not one
single public improvement was left to
show for it. In three years in the State
of Mississippi taxes were raised four
teenfold and the State debt in the same
proportion. The whisky bill of one Leg
islature was $350,000. The bar was
opened to members and their friends
In a committee room within the sound
of the Speaker's gavel. The public
printing in less than eight years
amounted to $1,500,000, when it had
only amounted in all of seventy-five
years to $600,000. The Governor's per
sonal expenses in his election amounted
to nearly $400,000. and it was paid out
of the public funds.
Will my brethren of the North con
sider for one moment the effect of the
dominance of the negro in Southern
politics? Do you not see that the con
trol by the negroes of Southern affairs
as demanded by some fanatics will
mean the absolute dominance of the
National Legislature by the negro
enthusiastic over the sport. A cast of
Hawks being given them the hunting
was kept up after the Englishmen left
and the next season native hawks were
taken and trained by a man brought
from England specially for the purpose.
Change in the troops of the garrison,
however, caused an abandonment of
the hawking parties.
The next year will probably see a
change in affairs, however, and jesses,
cadges, brails, bills, hoods! lures and
other implements of the falconer's art,
will be seen in the windows of the
sporting goods shops.
According to the British Medical Jour
nal, Raseri, who has analyzed 25,474 cases
of death and 36.515 of birth, where the ex
act time of day was noted, finds that the
maximum number of deaths occur in the
early afternoon (2 to 7 p. m.). and the
minimum in the last hours before mid
night, while the maximum number of
births occur in the early hours of the
morning, and the minimum In the early
hours of the afternoon. As regards the
cause of this, he points out that the
hours of the maximum number of deaths
are precisely those when the pulse rate
and temperature are at their highest in
health, and when there is a febrile exa
cerbation in illness.
vote? It will give to them at least fifty
votes in the House of Representatives,
and at least five or six Senators. The
balance of power will be absolutely in
the control of the negro vote. He would
entirely dominate the House and the
Senate of the present Congress. Are
you willing to pay the price? Would
he be a safe arbiter of the vast inter
ests of this nation? I think not.
Another point of interest to my
Northern friend. You are to-day regen
erating the South. You are building
thousands of miles of railroads. . You
are pouring millions of dollars into our
coal and iron mines. You are erecting
vast manufactories. Public improve
ment, the result of millions of Northern
money, is showered on every side.
Within ten years in my own State you
have placed more than $20,000,000. Your
sons are coming to live with us and are
honored as our best citizens. Are you
willing to have all this vast Interest at
the beck and nod of a venal Legisla
ture, or under the control of ignorant
negroes?
This brings up the question, what are
we going to do? The two races are side
by side, mingled and intermingled in
every imaginable way, but not in the
old relation of master and servant, and
having none of the old sympathy. It is
a question which God in his mercy will
work out for these people, but it is a
momentous question to the country to
day. The only hope of a settlement
of the problem is In the gradual en
lightenment of the colored race. Nine
teen-twentieths of the money expended
for the education of the negro race if
the South is raised from the whites,
and one-twentieth from the ne^roe*.
2122
FATE OF TWO AMERICAN BEAUTIES
Who
Loved an English Nobleman.
Death of the Marquis of floglesey Brings to Light
the Sad Story of Two AmericaQ Women.
Special to The Call-Herald.
A MARQUIS died the other day
— a roue, an old, decrepit man,
tottering in his dotage at an age
when the man who has health
of body ana mind considers that
he is just passing out of his prime, as
far as years go His age was 63; but
there are other considerations than
years in computing the age of some
men.
A Marquis more or less is of little
concern to your true, democratic Amer
ican, and yet there are two tragedies
linked with the unsavory career of
Henry Paget; Marquis of Anglesey,
that come directly home to us. He had
trifled with the. hearts of two of our
fairest women. One he made hi* wife,
only to desert her less than two years
after their marriage. The other sleeps
In the Strangers' Cemetery at St. Ger
main-en-Laye, France, a suicide.
Neither loved wisely, both loved too
veil.
The young American woman whose
eyes are dazzled by the glamour of a
title should read this story, the story
of two great wrongs, and ponder deep
ly. It may dn her good; it cannot pos
sibly do her harm. The truth may be
told bluntly, but truth is truth, hmv
ever blunt.
It is the story of two women who
loved with the intensity of despair and
a man In whose soul there was no am
bition higher than that of passion.
Three times had he married, three
times had he given his solemn vows at
the altar. What matter? Vows were
nothing to him. Women's hearts were
as nothing. Virtue and truth and hon
or, all were as nothing to this Marquis
who died the other day.
There were many women whose
names were linked with his. Some were
ladies of noble birth and station: others
were girls of humble origin; still others
were creatures wl.o allowed the musical
clink of "old to drown the voice of
shame. But there were two whose
names stand out in bold relief. One
was Miss Mary Livingston King of
Georgia, a famous belle in her day. The
other was Mrr. William Wetmore of
New York.
The great English house of Paget is
well known in the United States, quite
a number of the men having married
American girls. Arthur Paget, a
nephew of the Marquis of Anglesey, is
married to a daughter of Mrs. Paran
Stevens. The marriage of Miss Pauline
Wbitney and Almeric Hugh Paget is
still remembered.
MissP King, who became the third
Marchioness of Anglesey, «was born in
the little Georgia town of Sandhills,
where, before the war. her father was
a wealthy planter. When a girl of 18,
"while on a European tour, she met the
Hon. Henry Wodehouse, the brother of
the Earl of Kimberley, and he was at
•once enamoured of her beauty.
She is said to have been so fas
cinating that a man would fall in love
with her without knowing it. Her skin
CHECKS DRAWn FOR FORTUNES.
CHECKS for large amounts seem
to be the order of the day, but even
Sir Thomas Lipton's large check
in payment of import duties cover
ing a certain period of time, the install
ments on the purchase of the Anaconda
mines, or on the Coast Railroad in
America, which have all amazed the
world in their turn, pale into insigni
ficance compared with those that have
b.een drawn recently.
The payments made by the French
Government as war indemnity to Prus
sia have hitherto held the first rank.
In the opinion of well-known financiers,
as the largest ever known; but the
check drawn for the largest amount
on record represents the balance of the
war indemnity, with the interest there
on, paid by China to Japan, namely,
£11,008.8f>7 16s 9d. The Chinese Govern
ment borrowed, through tho Hongkong
and Shanghai Bank, the sum of £18,
000,000 to pay this indemnity.
The money was transferred at the
Bank of England from J he account of
the Chinese Embassador to the credit
of the Government of Japan; the check
bears the indorsement of the Chinese
Minister to England, Lofenluh, and
that of the manager of the Bank of
England, and it is also signed by the
manager of the Bank of Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corporation. This
rare piece of paper is at present in the
possession of W. H. Harris of America.
Another large check was presented at
a well -known hank a few 5-ears ago
for £s,2Bo,ooo— that was the sum paid
by the De Beere Diamond Mining Com
• pany for the purchase of another very
large diamond mine. The check in
question was signed by two directors.
After it had been paid photographs of
the check were taken and sold for a
email sum and were bought up rapidly.
Another iarge check was that drawn
AN INTERNATIONAL TRAGEDY.
was like tinted marble, her features
cameo-like in their clear cut beauty,
and her voice — It was music itself.
After a few months of ardent court
ship the American girl, who could just
speak French a little, and as yet had
not dreamed of marrying aught but a
plain American, became the wife of the
Hon. Henry Wodehouse. This was In
l s 7.'. The young couple traveled over
the Continent and reached England the
year following, when- In a few months
the young husband died, leaving his
bride in care of his brother, the Earl of
Kimberley.
After her period of mourning had ex
pired she was presented at the English
court and launched into the midst of
London society. It was at this time
that she met the Marquis of Anglesey,
then a man of 40, with one of the finest
titles and fortunes in England.
He fell in love with the American
widow of 22 and paid her such marked
attention that he was reprimanded by
Earl Kimberley, her guardian. The
Marquis of Anglesey was at that time
a married man.
His first wife. Elizabeth, the daugh
ter of Joseph Norman Esq., he mar
rk'd in ISSB, when he was a gay lieu
tenant colonel of the Stafford Yeoman
Cavalry. She died in 1873, and the fol
lowing year he married a beautiful
young girl. Blanche Mary Boyd. the
daughter of a wealthy baron of Wig
tonahire.
The second wife of the Marquis poi
soned herself one terrible night in their
beautiful country home, and three
years later, in 1880, the Marquis wedded
Mary King Wodehouse.
In the meantime the Marquis had had
other irons in the fire. Previous to his
marriage with the Georgia beauty, and
whilo his second wife was still alive, he
had been carrying on an intrigue with
Mrs. William Wetmore of New York.
She was a daughter of William C.
Dougherty, who, previous to his death,
carried on a commission business in
Front street. She was the wife of Wil
liam Wetmore, son of Apollos R. Wet
more of New York.
Mr. and Mrs. Wetmore lived together
for several years, but they were not
congenial. She was a beautiful, viva
cious creature, fond of gayety and ad
miration. He was a rather staid man,
domestic in his tastes, and had little
patience with his wife's longing for a
social career.
Finally she went abroad, although at
the time of her going there was no hint
of a permanent separation. But she
met the Marquis of Anglesey and she
never came back. It was while his sec
ond wife was still alive. He amused
himself with the handsome American
woman, and she, having stooped to
folly, fondly imagined that his protesta
tions of love were sincere.
It was the old story of the moth and
the flame. It was arranged that both
should secure divorces, and then she
would become the third Marchioness of
Anglesey. Learning of this arrange
ment, the wife of the Marquis accom
modatingly killed herself. Mr. Wet
more divorced his wife on the ground
of desertion.
on the London and County Bank a few .
years back, by the Great Indian Penin
sular Railway Company, and a short
time before this a check was paid
through the clearing-house for over
£".,000.000. drawn on Messrs. Glyn & Co.,
which was paid to the Bank of Eng
land.
The largest receipt on record was that
given by the Treasurer of the United
States. The statement of the condi
tion of the United States at the close
of last year, which ends in June,
showed that Uncle Sam,] if called upon
for a payment of a few millions, would
not need to borrow. The amount that
figured on the receipt given by Mr.
Ellis H. Roberts, Treasurer of the
United States, to his predecessor on
his assuming that office, was £199,231.
360. It is a receipt for the largest
amount ever known, and Mr. Roberts,
who was recently in San Francisco,
presented the Sub-Treasurer with a
photographic copy of the same.
An eminent man of science has recently
declared that red-haired people are far
less apt to go bald than those who are
possessed of other colored hair. The av
erage crop on the head of a red-haired
person if only 29,200 hairs. Ordinary dark
hair is far finer, and over three dark hairs
take up the space of one red one. One
hundred and five thousand is about the
average. But fair-haired people are still
better off. One hundred and forty thou
sand to 160,000 is quite a common number
of hairs on the scalp of a fair-haired man
or woman. This authority does not com
ment on the peculiarities of red-haired
people, but it is well known that they nre
of ;i more passionate nature than others,
:ir,'l nften of a fine and sensitive disposi
tion, akin to what is known as the artistic
temperament.
Fifty pounds of honey are annually
produced by a hive of 5000 bees. In five
years the bees will have increased to
50,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
So at least they were free to marry.
But this did not suit the whim of the
Marquis. His moth had singed her
wings. Her feeble fluttering aroused
no pity in his heart. Besides, another
beautiful moth had spied the flame and
was already hovering about it with
dazzled eyes.
So the Marquis married the young
Georgia widow. It could not have been
his manly heart that attracted women,
for even then, in 18S0, he is said to have
looked the typical rake of cheap melo
drama. But then he had just come into
his title, owing to the death of his half
brother, succeeding to an estate esti
matea to be worth $500,000 a year. And,
of course, an income like that can cover
a multitude of sins.
Mrs. Wetmore was stunned. I^ess
than a week before the Marquis was
married to Mrs. Wodehouse he had an
interview with Mrs. Wetmore in Paris,
during which he appeared as affection
ate as ever, and reiterated his pledge to
be true to her. The next day, however,
she was handed a note by the Marquis'
secretary, which had been written the
day before the interview, and in which
he bade her farewell forever, and gave
her to understand that all was at an
end between them.
She went to the house of Lady Albert
Pelham Clinton, the. divorced wife of a
younger brother of the Duke of New
castle. In speaking of the affair at the
time this lady unbosomed herself un
WHIRLS HER WAY THROUGH THE WORLD.
ANEW dancer has come to town.
She is none other than Freada,
the Turkish dancer, who in the
palmy days of the Midway at the
Chicago World's Fair was cred
ited with doing a couchee-couches
dance that was warranted to knock the
spots off anything of its kind. She Is
not doing it now; but confines her ef
forts to making a human top of her
self, and she does it most effectively.
Her contract at the Olympia demands
that ehe continue her twirling dance
for not less than sixteen minutes. She
must in that time have turned no less
than 1500 times, and without stopping
for breath, much less refreshments. No
reservedly. "In his letter," said Lady
Clinton, "the Marquis gave her to un
derstand that Lhe must leave her apart
ments and write no more than one let
ter to him. To this she wrote a reply
of a most touching character, in which
she appealed to the Marquis' manhood.
•Remember,' she said, 'all I have lost
for you. Can you expect that God will
prosper you or yours when you are cap
able of such a dreadful wrong?' In an
other passage she says, 'Can it be pos
sible that you have no conscience or
feeling, or that you, a nobleman, are
willing to turn me out penniless into
the world after all your promises, to
say nothing of your pretended affection
up to the week before your marriage?' "
It is said that after the Marquis' mar
riage to Mrs. Wodehouse Mrs Wet
more's lawyer urged that a suit for
breach of promise should be instituted.
A correspondence to that effect was
commenced with the Marquis" lawyers,
who replied that thei r client repudiated
the allegation as to the nromise, and
that it would be useless to try to make
a case, as there was no law punishing
breach of promise in France, and that
an offense committed there could not be
tried in England.
So Mrs Wetmore committed suicide at
the house of her friend, Lady Clinton,
in Pafis. She swallowed poison, and
died in terrible agony. On her finger
was a plain circlet of gold, and when
this was removed this inscription was
discovered inside, "To Annfe from An
glesey, June 1, 1880."
On June 26 of the same year the wed
ding bells that rang for the Georgia
beauty sounded a death knell for the
fair New York divorcee.
Three days before her death she spoke
to Lady Clinton of her husband — for the
first time since she had been divorced.
"He was always kind to me," she said,
"but we had nothing in common. We
were not created to live happily togeth
one has ever counted to see that she
has fulfilled her specifications as to the
number of turns, but the stage man
er. He was much too religious for me,
and was not "satisfied unless I went to
church all day Sunday; but he was a
good, kind man. I never ought to have
left him. My fate should be a warning
to American Avomen who come abroad
without their legitimate protectors."
There was a wealth of pathos in the
death wail of the poor, singed moth.
The Marquis and his bride spent a
year in traveling. The dream of the
Georgia girl was realized. She had a
title. She had all the money she want
ed. She had diamonds and silks and
satins. She could live a part of the time
at Beaudesqrt. the beautiful estate of
the Marquis at Litchfield; at the other
castle, Plas Newydd, near Bangor; at
her town house in London, or in gay
Paris, if she chose. What more could
any woman want?
And yet she was not happy. Less
than two years after her wedding the
Marquis announced one day that he
was tired of her and that they must
separate. Then he advertised that he
would no longer be responsible for her
debts. He was subsequently obliged to
make a settlement in her favor, propor
tionate to his income, and she has since
resided in Paris.
The old Marquis who died the other
day was the fourth bearer of the title
won at Waterloo by the dashing Lord
Uxbridge. All have borne reputations
more or less unsavory. One of the first
holders of the marquisatej was twice di
rectly concerned in divorce proceedings
before the House of Lords. He first ob
tained a divorce from his wife, and then
himself had to appear as a corespond
ent under such aggravated circum
stances that the injured husband of the
lady in the case was awarded £20,000
damages. The son of this Marquis, and
father of the man who died the other
day, also figured in a similar domestic
scandal. So you see it runs in the
blood. y.
ager sits in the wings every night to
see that Freada does not cut out so
much as a fraction of a minute.
Freada is a Greek by birth, but
spent her younger days in Constanti
nople, where she became famed as a
dancer. She was imported for the
World's Fair and is credited with hav
ing made more money than fell to the
lot of most people at the fair. She then
went on the road with a company, but
people would not tolerate couehee
couchee dances outside of the Midway.
She then gave her attention to her first
efforts in the dancing line and re
hearsed her twirling Turkish dance.
She was one of the first dancers to
reach Dawson City, whither she went,
attended by a maid-in-waiting. Her
power of endurance excited the miners
beyond her most sanguine hopes. Night
after night she did her twirl at the
leading concert hall, and as she then
did a thirty minute act the miners
would first express their approval by
handclapping and stamping, increasing
as the dance continued, until fifteen,
twenty and twenty-five minutes had
passed without signs of fatigue, and
then they gave way to more substan
tial expressions of approval in the way
of a shower of nuggets such as seldom
fell to the lot of Turkish dancers.
Freada comes out of Dawson with
nuggets of all sizes. Her collections
amount to thousands of dollars, and
she will return to her native land, play
ing across the country with the view of
making her expenses to Turkey. She
proposes to keep her Klondike nuggets
intact for old age.
Will the Dragon Be Divided?
CRISIS IN CHINA.
Reasons that Pacific Coast People
Should Be Vitally Interested in
ttye Oriental Question.
By Durham W. Stevens.
Special to The Sunday Call.
ONLY yesterday the news came
that China, the sleeping giant
of the East, had at last aroused
herself and was shaking off the
shackling superstitions of cen
turies. Hardly had the news been pub
lished when, by one of those intrigues
which appear in these modern days like
a page from the "Arabian Nights," the
hapless young Emperor was dethroned,
all his well-meant efforts at reform
were scattered to the winds, and that
remarkable woman, the Dowager Em
press, was again in control. xNo one
can question the gravity of the crisis
which this event has created. It is of
especial consequence to countries like
the United States and Japan, whose
great interests in China may at any
moment be imperiled.
Yet, notwithstanding this crisis, which
seems so like the beginning of the end,
there are optimists who believe that
China will escape from this ordeal as
she has from others, practically un
harmed. There is a power of passive
resistance in this behemoth of nations,
they argue, which offsets Its unwieldi
ness and the apparent lack of the fac
ulty of coherent action between its
various parts. China before this has
been in peril of dismemberment from
without and disruption from within,
but at the critical moment the danger
has been averted and no irreparable
damage has been inflicted.
In the talk of China's dismember
ment or partition no account appears
to be taken of any possible action on
the part of the Chinese people them
selves. It seems to be the general un
derstanding that foreign control will
be substituted for Chinese rule, and
that the people will remain quiescent,
offering no objection or resistance. An
empire with a population of over 400,
000,000 inhabitants; with a territory
covering several million square miles,
comprising productive alluvial plains
traversed by great waterways, fertile
valleys and mountains and hills rich
in minerals, it is apparently thought,
will be yielded up without a murmur.
The idea is preposterous. To gain
even a reasonably complete control of
any one of China's great productive
provinces, to make It foreign territory
in fact as well as In name, lines of rail
way must be built, costly military and
civil establishments must be main
tained; in a word, many things must be
done which cannot be speedily com
pleted. In the meantime armed resist
ance may be expected, and with it
chaos, so far as the poor people of the
coveted regions are concerned.
Of course, we know that strange
things are done by Christian nations in
the name of commerce, but China is
not Africa and the Chinese are not
savage tribes. A foreign ruler is re
ported recently to have said that the
extension of his country's commerce
with China was tantamount to the
spread of the blessings of civilization
among the victims of misrule "unique
in the world's history." That is the
good old way of putting it. The dif
ficulty is that when commerce is ac
companied by Maxim guns and repeat
ing rifles the blessings of civilization
are apt to appear obscure — to the "vic
tims" at all events.
The Chinese are a peaceful people,
disinclined to war, but not cowards.
In many of those rich and populous
provinces toward which foreign na
tions are now looking longingly no for
eign armed force has ever set foot. The
people, although they may not care to
enter the military service of their coun
try, where low pay goes with a degrad
ed position, are not incapable of bear
ing arms efficiently. In many parts of
China there are brave and hardy sol
diers. The French found it so in Ton
kin, as their loss of 30,000 soldiers
shows. Japan did not find victory so
difficult, but here was a war against
the mandarins who represented and
controlled an obsolete and worthless
system. A war of resistance to the
partition of the country would be a
different thing. It might not be suc
cessful, nor even protracted, but it
would entail consequences which even
the most ardent advocates of the ex
tension of commerce by the acquisition
of territory could not view with indif
ference. Every vestige of law and order
would disappear, and no man's life
or property would be safe. The secret
societies, the bane of China, would not
be slow to take control, and the
"braves," of whom they are largely
composed, would hold high revel. Even
the final restoration of order, with
whatever of profit or of power it might
bring, could not make this overture to
the introduction of the "blessings of
civilization" a pleasant memory.
If I may venture the opinion, how
ever, prophecies regarding the partition
of China, whether immediaate or in
the remote future, must be taken with
a certain grain of allowance. In the
first place, how could such a partition
be practically effected? Who would
deliminate the metes and bounds, and
how would mutual jealousies be recon
ciled and satisfied? So, also, as re
gards "spheres of influence," except
where the term is used In the broadest
sense. How can such spheres be de
termined exactly in a country like
China, and how can Infringement, or
the appearance of infringement, be
prevented? The powers which have ob
tained a foothold on Chinese soil will
exercise a certain influence in those im
mediate neighborhoods, no doubt, but
does that necessarily mean that all
other foreign commerce can be rigidly
excluded? To buy in the cheapest
market and to sell in the dearest is the
soul and essence of successful trade.
Can Chinese, even within the "spheres
of influence," be compelled to violate
that law? The Chinese, as I have said
before, are a practical people and good
merchants, and it is not likely that the
artificial restraints of a "sphere of in
fluence" would long suffice to force
them to do violence to their instincts
as traders.
It should not be understood from
what precedes that I intend to belittle
either the importance or the signifi
cance of the recent movements of cer
tain European powers regarding China.
To me they appear as ominous as they
doubtless do to others. My only ob
ject, as will appear later on, is not so
much to minimize the danger, as to
draw attention to certain considera
tions which will enable It to be met
successfully, should it ever come.
There is an element of mystery about
Russia's recent course in China. So far
as we know officially Russia has ob
tained no cession of territory. Her of
flcials^»ave denied the story of a se
cret treaty, and maintain that the only
object of the Casslni convention was
the grant of a railway concession from
a certain point on the Amoor through
Manchuria to Vladivostok, connecting
with the Siberian line and shortening
it several hundred miles. This railway
was to be connected with another
through Manchuria to some seaboard
point, presumably on the Gulf of Pe
chili. This latter line was to be under
Joint Russian and Chinese control. Sub
sequently, apparently as a set-off to
Germany's seizure of Kiaochau, Rus
sia obtained control of Talien-Wan and
Port Arthur. Here a curious question
arises: Was Russia aware of Ger
many's intention to seize Kiaochau
before it occurred? The general belief
is that she was, but, on the other hand.
It has been stated on the highest au
thority that Germany's action was as
much of a surprise to Russia as it was
to every one else. The fact is import
ant, if it is a fact, because it marks a
very definite separation between Inter
ests which the world hitherto supposed
were, if not identical, at any rate har
monious.
Another curious circumstance is the
following. Only two years after Ger
many and Russia, In company with
France, had forced Japan to re-cede the
Liao-Tung Peninsula to China, on the
ground that it was not right for a for
eign power to occupy territory control-
Ing the approaches to Peking and Ko
rea, one of them had Kiaochaa and the
other Port Arthur, the most Important
strategic points as regards the control
of thoste approaches. This will serve
very well as the diplomatic version of
the fable of the ox and the bull.
The position of Russia in Tallen-Wan
and Port Arthur is peculiar. The un
derstanding is that the territory has
not been ceded to her absolutely, but
merely the usufruct for a term of years.
That loaves Chinese ownership intact,
and, coincidentally, the extraterritorial
rights which foreign nations have un
der their treaties with China.
There Is one solution of this question
which would be as advantageous to
China as It would be to every power
having commercial relations with her,
and that would be the opening of the
whole empire, without restrictions and
under proper conditions, to foreign
trade and residence. There -would be
difficulties regarding the system of
consular, or extraterritorial, Jurisdic
tion, but they are not insuperable. Un
fortunately, it is too much, especially
since the recent palace revolution at
Peking, to expect this concession from
Chinese conservatism, even though it
offers one of the strongest safeguards
which, under present circumstances,
China could possibly obtain. But, hap
pily, palace revolutions, even In China,
cannot continue indefinitely the ob
stacles to reasonable and sensible pro
gress. China is coming closer and
closer to the parting of the ways, when
the dormant forces of progress must
arouse themselves, perhaps through the
sense of impending danger from with
out the empire, perhaps from the hope
lessness of existing conditions within.
The awakening may be to disaster and
ruin, but it may be, let us hope, to na
tional regeneration.
It is hardly necessary for me to call
attention to the deep concern which all
that affects China should have for the
people of this country. Hitherto our
interest in the affairs of the far East,
especially in those of China, has been
but laneruid at best. If during recent
years that interest has increased at all.
it has not been, I fear, because the pos
sible fate of the Chinese empire seemed
a matter of practical concern to us, but
rather because the migratory habits of
its inhabitants threatened to create a
troublesome domestic problem in the
United States. Now, however, all that
is changed. Recent events have
brought home, even to the most
thoughtless of us, a vivid realization
of the fact that we are, in truth, a
world power, having interests on many
seas and in many lands, where goes the
commerce that is to make us even more
prosperous than we already are, but
nowhere greater interests than in our
ancient neighbor, that vast but help
less empire across the broad expanse
of the PacificNEW TERROR OF THE SEAS AS IT WILL APPEAR IN ACTION.
This New Invention Is a Tribute to Ericsson's Genius, as It Is Modeled on the "Old Cheese-Box" Pattern, but With All the Known Defects Remedied and Some NdW and Powerful Contrivances Added.
Special to The Call.
THE war established the useful
ness of the monitor type for the
offshore line of battle, or for
cruisers with squadrons detailed
to assault points at moderate
distances from an equipping base. Even
before the war the monitor's want of
speed and its defects as a gun platform
were fully recognized by all naval offi
cers whose opinions are entitled to any
consideration.
Owing to fleet deficiencies we were
OSAGE INDIANS ARE THE WEALTHIEST PEOPLE
Per Capita,in America.
U-USTRATING THE DIFFERENCE IN WEALTH BETWEEN THE OSAGE INDIAN AND THE
AVERAGE LABORING MAN.
compelled to utilize the type on several
expeditions. On these the behavior of
the ships was exactly as expected, and,
as they retarded the fleet, and by their
small coal radius and defective speed
could not fight their guns in an aver
age sea. Rear Admiral Sampson and
other officers were compelled to give
their reputation for such work a blow
which ought to silence even the few
zealots who are more strenuous than
judicious in their advocacy.
It is quite another story, however,
when their employment for harbor and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898,,
coast defense in moderate weather is
considered. Here their inherent good
qualities are most highly developed and
their inherent bad qualities do not
play an overmastering part. Recogniz
ing their fighting value, and also, to
some degree, their extraneous value as
schools of instruction for the proposed
naval reserve, the Navy Department
was directed last year by Congress to
submit plans for four single-turreted
monitors. These were adopted, and
contracts were given out in September
for their construction. After more ma
ture consideration, however, it was dis
V
THE Osage Indians are the "most-^
to -be -envied" people, in the
United States.
This statement is. based on the
report that General Pollock has
just made to the Interior Department
concerning the redskins of Indian Ter
ritory. He says that they have the
largest per capita wealth of any class
of people in our country. It is f about
fifteen times the per capita wealth of
all the people in America, which means
that in reality it is about, 100 times that
of the average workingman. .
Truly the redskins are to be envied.
And in addition to the wealth the In
dians have a , freedom ' from ■ care that
comes to very few white men, even
those possessed of thousands.
Our friend the } Osage; Indian leads a
Jolly life in many ways. He I doesn't
work, and if the -tobacco Uncle ; Sam
gives him is not to his liking he sends
it back and gets better. He is a pam
pered pet of the Government, and thou-
covered that by the expenditure of the
money originally voted, or, at most, by
a slight increase, larger and more pow
erful ships could be built.
Some opponents of the type went so
far as to declare that the boats pro
vided were really inferior to the older
monitors then in service and that if
these vessels were to form part of the
fleet their fighting value could be al
most doubled by increasing their dis
placement about twelve hundred tons,
giving them one knot greater speed and
substituting four 10-inch guns, pair
mounted in two turrets disposed fore
and aft. in lieu of the two 12-inch guns
> mounted in a single turret, as origin
lally ordered.
, Mr. Lewis Nixon was particularly
anxious that t is view shouid be con
sidered, and after his alternative plans
i were submitted to the Board of Con
struction it was determined to recall
the contracts and to ask permission of
Congress to substitute plans and bids
for the new type.
sands <rt our best citizens would be glad
to exchange places with him.
To begin with Mr. Osage has plenty of
good farming land secured to him by
the generosity of Uncle Sam. Each
man, woman and child in the tribe has
800 acres, which at the low estimate of
25 cents an acre makes a total of $200.
In addition to this each receives an an
nuity of $200 in gold from c-ur Govern
ment, as well as certain other per
quisites. The food and clothing given
is worth at least another $100, making
in all $500.
Of course all this cannot be consid
ered as per capita wealth, because the
greater portion, like that of the plain
American workingman's wages, has to
be spent as soo-n as it is received. But
$200 worth of farming land can be put
down, as well as the clothing and the
interest on $200 — leaving a good, broad
margin. This would foot up to at least
$260 as actual per capita wealth of the
Osage Indian tribe.
The per capita wealth of the Ameri
can people has never been placed at
more than $27. It will thus be seen
what an enormous pecuniary advantage
there is in favor of the Osage Indian.
An estimate of the average amount
of goods and coin possessed by 10,000 of
our poorer class of citizens was made
in New York about two years ago. This
she-wed the astonishingly low figure of
$3 40. Over 5000 of these people pos
sessed less than an average of $1
apiece, while a good many had nothing.
A family of seven recently assisted
by one of our charitable societies had
chattels that could not have been sold
for 50 cents. Of money they had not
a cent.
And while these people, who turned
out to be worthy, were struggling along
on the verge of starvation, the good
for-nothing Osage Indians were strut
ting about in lordly idleness paid for
and secured by our Government.
The payment of moneys to these In
dians is made to the head of the fam
ily. If he has eight children and a wife
he gets $2000 a year and is virtually the
owner of 8000 acres of land. The birth
of a child 1b regarded as a blessing by
the Osage tribe.
Mr. Osage does not take amiably to
the soothing joys of rural life. Not
he. That may do for a poor white man
who has to work for a living, but for a
bie, plump Indian who receives an In
come and tender care from our Govern
ment there are other things more suit
able.
For Instance, there are saloons and
It Is a tributte of Ericsson's genius
that the main features of the monitor
of 1862 are still the main features of the
new ships — that is, they will be flat bot
tomed vessels, armored on the sides and
on the deck, which is slightly elevated
above the waterline, and will carry tur
rets.
The designs for the new ships were
prepared by the chief constructor of the
navy, who decided that, with the appro
priation granted by Congress, the best
results would be obtained by building
single turreted vessels, the turret to be
of the elliptically balanced type, such as
had been designed for the recent battle
ships, mounting two 12-inch guns of
the latest pattern. The remainder of
the armament is to consist of four 4
inch rapid firers and a secondary, bat
tery composed of three 6-pounder rapid
firers and four 1-pounder automatic
guns.
The armor is to be noticeably heavy,
that attached to the hull having a max
imum thickness of eleven inches in the
dance halls of the Territory. Here he
spends his time singing, dancing,
smoking and drinking such beverages
as he is permitted tc buy. The fact
that the law prohibits whisky cuts very
little figure, as any one can ascertain
by a visit to one of the -"illages shortly
after payday.
And so he passes his noble life. His
farming land is scarcely worked, but
stock are pastured on It, and the money
derived from their sale, together with
his income, enables him to "roll 'era
high" all the year around. He always
has plenty of money, and. desires his
children to grow to be no more indus
trious than their parent. That is why
our Government has had such a hard
-time to get the children to attend
school.
And all this while thousands of de
serving white people are in actual want
and would be only too glad to get a
hundredth part of those 800 acres the
Indian possesses, even without a cent of
income from the Government.
ENORMOUS COST OF WAR.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— Uncle
Sam's expenses for the Spanish
war sink into insignificance
when compared with the cost of
the conflict between the States. Thus
far the war with Spain has cost $187,
529,941, or a fraction over $1,000,000 per
day since the beginning of hostilities,
April 21, against the enormous sum of
$3,065,413,415 during the Civil War, on
an average of $1,685,156 per day.
The largest amount paid out in a sin
gle day during the war with Spain
was $4,110,000, July 28. or nearly
enough to construct and equip a first
class battleship. The next highest
days were September 19, when $3,775,000
was spent, and July 19, with a total
of $3,770,000, but the daily expenses fre
quently ran above the $3,000,000 mark.
The budget for the four months of the
present fiscal year was $125,112,540.
while the expenditures for the whole
fiscal year of 1897 were only $83,511,713,
and for this month the average of $1,
000,000 per day was maintained.
The total disbursements of the Gov
ernment for the four months of the
present fiscal year, which included the
civil list, pension payments and inter
est on the public debt, was $223,587,114.
The total receipts were only $153,754,445,
showing a deficit of $69,000,000 for the
fiscal year.
An "engineer declares that 60,000 people
now do the work with the aid of ma
chinery which needed 16,000,000 personß to
do a few days ago.
wake of the machinery, and then taper
ing at the ends to five inches. The
width of this belt is to be five feet.
The barbettes for the protection of
the base of the turret and the turret
machinery are to be ten inches thick.
The turrets will be nine inches thick
and carry their front plate or face ini
clined at an angle of about forty-flve
degrees.
The decks are to be one and five
tenths inches thick, the conning tower
seven and one-half inches, and the
communication tubes through which
the wires connecting the conning tower
with all parts of the vessel will lead
will be three inches thick. The protec
tive deck is to have a maximum thick
ness of two and a half inches.
The new monitors show perhaps the
most marked improvement over the
old in the motive power. In the latter
the single simple engine of the grass
hopper type was capable of developing
only 340 horsepower and a speed of
eight knots, while the new \ rkansas
KNEW HOW TO FLAY POKER HERSELF.
THERE was a man and his wife
and a Tertium Quid." The man
discreetly withdrew from the
game after opening the jackpot,
the edge having been raised $4.
The man's wife stood pat, presumably
with a flush or a full house, but, to the
Tertium Quid, it was certainly a
straight, for she has betrayed a
womanly weakness for that costly
piece of gambler's bric-a-brac so sure
to be shattered in a game.
The Tertium Quid drew one card, and,
after seeing and raising numerous bets,
he shoved in his remaining pile of blue
chips, capped with a $5 bill, and called,
smiling complacently as he did so, into
two sober black eyes that had been
tantalizing him with pretty surrepti
tious glances during the brief three
hours they had known each other.
A moment later he experienced the
mental sensation of falling 300 feet
without having the advantage of a
patch of Indian corn at the bottom, as
did his prototype in Kipling's tale.
When the Tertium Quid reached his
hotel he was restless. He tried to in
terest the night clerk by mentioning, as
a little joke on himself, that he got
"bumped for a few" in a friendly game. |
Then he strolled across the lobby like a
man who seeks company and finally
came back and addressed the clerk
confidentially.
"I can't help thinking I was taken in
by that little woman, and the worst is,
I won't have a chance to get even."
This time the clerk brightened up.
"A woman," said he," a woman know
how to play poker?"
"It looks suspicious, anyhow," con
tinued the Tertium Quid. "You see,
her husband has been buying a line of
me for three seasons. But I never met
her till to-night He anfl I were in |
several friendly games downtown last
spring: He lost every time I chaffed
him about it when I called on him last j
week for a holiday order. We were in
a game Tuesday night and he lost j
again. I cashed in $15 and remarked I
it was a very satisfactory game, very
satisfactory, indeed, but it is too bad
that Kansas City people neglect the
great American game. He was good
natured about it and invited me to
take dinner with him at his home.
"He has a charming wife; only been
married two years. She is as full of
fun as a child; piquant; an art student
and her class of ships will be driven
by two engines of the triple expansion
type, capable of being worked up to
over 5000 horsepower and of driving
the monitor at a twelve knot gait.
There will be twin screws, of course,
and many other internal arrangements
which were not to be found in the sin
gle turreted monitors of the '60's, such
for instance as electric lights, steam
steering gear and mechanical service
of the guns. Habitability will also be
decidedly bettered and the sanitary im
provements will be a feature.
The time allowed the builders to com
plete the ships was fixed at twenty
seven months, and in this there is a
great increase over the time given
Ericsson. He was granted only 100 days
in which to construct the Monitor, and
yet his work was completed in the time
set, and a month later his unique craft,
with Worden in command, passed out
of the harbor of New York to meet her
foe.
in the Corcoran School when he mar
ried her, and she has the genuine bo
hemian temperament. She suggested a
game of draw instead of three-handed
high-five. She used to play with the
girls in their rooms at school and liked
the game. I confess I was more in
terested in her than the cards.
"I held big hands. Never drew better
in my life, but I couldn't get action. I
had to lay down a flush. Once I won a
dollar on four treys. Whenever I had
a big hand they would drop out. I
tried checking it, betting easy, raising
didn't make any difference.
"It was getting late and we decided
to finish with a jackpot around. J
won a small pot on four sevens. When
she dealt again I drew four treys for
the second time. It was my third hanfl
of fours. I had twontj " minutes in
which to catch the last car. Her hus
band hadn't taken much interest
through the whole game, and I remem
ber he didn't cut her cards often. But
this time he opened for the size of the
pot, $4 25.
"She had stopped flirting with me
and was looking serious. I called for
one card; she was about to throw her
hand down. Then she examined it
again. That puzzled me, I sized her up
for a straight. I had noticed her hold
ing up four cards before, frequently
dropping out after the draw, and once
she won on a straight. Now her face
betrayed nothing. We had it between
us. Her chips went to the center and
she borrowed $12 from her husband. I
called. She had four sevens. I was
$40 loser.
"As I bid them good night she re
marked naively 'Very satisfactory
game, very satisfactory, indeed. Noth
ing I enjoy better than a little game of
draw.'
"And the worst of it is- they didn't
invite me to call again, and I won't be
able to get even with that little wo
man."
The next day the Tertium Quid
learned that a rival house had sold hiß
friend a bill of holiday goods, and thus
he was lowered into eighteen inches of
water instead of the twelve to which he
had at first objected.
It is computed that when at rest we
consume 500 cubic inches of air a minute.
If we walk at the rate of one mile an
hour we use 800; two miles, 1000; threo
miles, 1600; four miles, 2300. If we start
out and run six miles an hour we con
sume 3000 cubic inches of air during everjr
minute of the time.
2324
HIGH up in one of San Francisco's great buildings, in a private
office all to itself, stands a typewriter. Just an ordinary instru
ment, one of the old-fashioned pattern. It is the surroundings
which are extraordinary.
The room is richly furnished. There is a thick, soft carpet on
the floor; carved oak chairs, luxuriously upholstered, stand round
the frescoed walls. But these are mere accessories, the central object is
the writing 1 machine, enshrined upon a polished oak table. No speck of
dust ever touches it, for a glass case, elaborately mounted in gold, closes
It in an air tight cover. Its nickel plating is as bright as the day it came
from the factory. No dainty feminine fingers ever play upon its black
and white keys. But the strangest thing of all about the table is the way
■In which it is insulated. The legs rest in thick crystal bowls, beautifully
cut and polished. A heavy brocaded curtain k*>eps the room in semi
darkness, no ray of sunlight enters, and the air is heavy with some strange
subtle perfume. The ordinary wooden door has been reinforced by an in
ner one of thick steel, closed by the most complicated combination lock
known to the science of safe-making. A hand now still and cold, held the
key; a soul, long since passed over, arranged the puzzling series of letters
and figures which give entrance to this mystical shrine.
I do not know why he chose me as the sole confidant for his strange
story. Perhaps because I was a comparative stranger in California, or
perhaps because I had shown some sympathy for his. psychical researches
and had been able to help him in his study of occult phenomena. I had
lent him rare volumes of black magic, had taught him the mystic proper
ties of the sevens, and had guided him through the mazes of occultism.
I always thought It strange that a practical Californian, one of the
Bhrewdest business men in the city, should become engrossed in such a pe
culiar pursuit. Perhaps he realized this himself, and anticipated the re
flections which would be cast upon his sanity if his penchant for the super
natural became known. He h.'longed to no society, the Theosophists had
never heard of him, nor have the members of the Society for Psychical
Research the slightest idea of the marvelous progress which, alone and
unaided, he made. They would send a commission a dozen times round the
world to discover a tithe of his strange secret. In the day time, doing
business in his office as an estate ntrent. dealing with financial Interests of
the greatest magnitude, Arthur Maudesly was one man. At night, locked
up in his steel protected sanctum, he was another, and the world of com
merce never realized the dual character of one of their most trusted busi
ness men.
Tall and thin, ascetic looking, 'with a high intellectual forehead and de
termined mouth, ho went through his day*s work with a vigor and pre
cision which bespoke the highest decree of resolution and training. Mill
ions changed hands daily through his agency, yet no:ie cast a doubt upon
his probity, no man who came to him for advice ever went astray That is
If he placed absolute confidence in his agent, for one of Maudesiv's fixed
principles was his insistence upon complete control of whatever Interests
were given into his charge. H<? would have no half measures. He must
either be supreme or have nothing to do with the matter. And the man
who placed confidence in his ability never lost money.
• It was this trait in my friend's character which doubtless induced him
when ne once began to confide in me, to do so thoroughly and without res
ervation. Late one winter's afternoon, just as th.- heavy day's work waa
coming to a close. I happened to drop into the office on "a smail matter of
business. Maudesly saw me at the clerk's desk in the outer room and
CUTTING THE HUMAN SKULL
TO SAVE THE MIND.
Cases Like tbe Late Famous One in Chicago Were Frequently Practiced by the Ancient Peruvians
According to Tfjeir Records.
THE operation performed upon the
head of Mr. Frank Collier at the
Cook County Hospital in Chicago
has been apparently a success.
Ten years ago Mr. Collier was a
prominent lawyer of Chicago, standing
very high in his profi-ssion. He had no
symptoms of insanity, nor was he even
eccentric. A member of the School
Board from the Western Addition he
took a very prominent part in the de
liberations of the council and was in
strumental in obtaining many costly
improvements for the section of the
city in which he was interested.
Going home one night from the city
he was sandbagged by a thug and left
on the street for dead.
He did not die, but recovered and
went about hi« business just as he had
been In the habit of doing. Then he be
gan to exhibit many remarkable ec
centricities. His friends wondered what
could be amiss, but few suspected that
his conduct was caused by the injury
to his brain which he had sustained at
the hands of the footpad.
Mr. Collier himself, however, main
tained that his head had been injured
by the blow. The physicians who ex
amined him said his head was all right.
Mr. Collier then went to New York and
consulted Dr. Spitzka, one of the great
est authorities in the United States on
nervous and brain disorders.
Dr. Spitzka advised the operation
which has Just been performed. It
was not done until ten years later,
When it was found that Dr. Spitzk.i's
diagnosis was correct.
In the meantime Mr. Collier's experi
ences have been varied, and Include in
carceration in about every Insane asy-
The Astra Typewriter.
lum and panitarlum which his friends
could get him into.
About fi\ c years ago he had been try
ing some cases in court. He probably
overexerted his brain and* it revolted.
Mr. Collier met a bread wagon such as
are very common on the streets of
Chicago. He accosted the driver with:
"Here, I want those rolls."
"You cannot have them, they are
sold."
"Sold, eh? Well, I want them."
He paid some fabulous sum for the
rolls and loaded them into a hack
which was near. Then he drove through
the streets pelting the passers-by with
the rolls.
After this a determined effort was
made to put him into an asylum and
keep him there. He applied for a writ
of habeas corpus, and was brought be
fore the court. After a long but not
monotonous trial he was declared by
Judge McConnell to be not insane and
was dismissed.
At last he decided to undergo the op
eration which Dr. Spitzka advised.
He made a very characteristic will
giving his property to two daughters
and cutting <ff a third with $1 He
gloried in the 'act that, as he had been
declared not insane so many times, hia
disinherited daughter could not break
his will. To Dr. Davis, chief of the
medical staff cf the Cook County Hos
pital, he willed his skeleton; to Dr
Fortner, his brain and heart, and to Dr
Brown, his skull.
The rest of hia body was to be
cremated. He was perfectly indifferent
about the operation, although as he is
not a young man it was a simple case
of life or death. He was attended by
a young lady to whom he will be mar
ried when ,the operation has proven
successful.
The operation lasted two hours and
was performed by Dr. Davis, being
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
called me into his sanctum, where only those who had Important dealings
with the magnate were allowed to enter.
"Horace," he said, "I feel lonely and out of sorts to-night; I wish you
would stay and talk to me a while, that Is, If you have nothing better
to do."
1 agreed readily, for my own evenings, spent chiefly in a dismal bed
room, were tiresome enough. We sat in the darkening- office for an hour or
so, chatting on- many topics, but mainly, as was always the case, our talk
drifted on to things spiritual and uncanny.
Suddenly we came to a pause, and Arthur, resting his chin in his hand,
regarded me seriously for a minute or more.
"What is it?" I asked, growing impatient under this fixed scrutiny.
"I think 1 can trust you. Horace," he said, slowly. "Would you believe
me if I told you that I had made a great discovery, that I had succeeded
where all the psychical investigators of the ages have failed?"
I replied that my studies had taught me at least one thing, the philos
ophy of belief.
"Then you shall see for yourself; come and have some dinner first."
We dined on the best San Francisco could furnish, for Maudesly was a
generous host, and could afford to do things well.
"I am not altogether unselfish in this matter," he said to mo over our
coffee and chartreuse. "Hitherto I have guarded my secret jealously, but
now I know that the end is near. I have penetrated further into the hid
den mysteries of nature than is allowed to mortal man. I knew the pen
alty all along, but the gain was worth it. And now, before I go, I must
have an executor, some one whom I can leave behind to carry out my in
structions. Will you accept the post?"
"Nonsense, old man," I said; "you are not going to die for a long time.
But anyway, I'll do whatever I can for you."
"I am not asking you to take the risks I took." went on Maudesly,
'that would be fatal. You will never know the whole secret, at least not
from me. And I warn you, if you follow in my path, and find the key to
the mystery yourself, you will share my fate."
"But what is this tremendous mystery, tell me something more?"
"You will see. Come."
♦ v We walked over to the great building and took the elevator. Then for
the first time, L learned the existence of the mysteriously guarded room
Bit down, ' said my friend, as he turned on the electric light, casting a
soft, rose colored glow around us. The strange but luxurious appointments
of the place amazed me. and I waited in silence for Maudesly to begin
There was no black magic about the affair at all. There were no spells
nor incantations, no mystic circles nor strangely perfumed incense. Noth
ing but the room, in its modern setting, illumined by the soft electric light,
and the typewriter in its crystal case. "»"«..
! You are on the threshold of a great secret," said Maudesly. as he
remain th?re°" machlne ' "and if °v take my advice you will always
A tiny gold key hung from his watchchain, and with it he opened the
top of the case which worked 'on hinges. In a matter-of-fact way just as
XXrsa'f dow^aS.^' he lnSened a Sheet ot linen Paper.^ut'the
We waited for a few minutes, and then I became aware of an invisible
[he a"r Ce ' shudder ran down my back, something intangible filled
"Don't feel nervous," said my friend. "She is with us now "
Presently through the thickness of the glass case" I heard' a slleht vl
bratory click. The first key had boon struck, and as if guided by th«
Edirfan^u/ckiy! 1 eXPert maChlni3t ' the instrum^nt^bef^^o^^
Now, you know, on this class of machine the letters are not visible as
ended at 2:30 in the afternoon. That
same evening he wrote to the editor of
the Chicago Tribune:
"I am an absolutely changed
man, quiet and decorous, and
can already feel the absence of
that terrible pressure on the
brain that has been there for
the last ten years. I am feeling
O. X., pulse normal and tem
perature and respiration just as
they should be. I can't say I
look handsome done up in anti
septic gauze and plaster, but I
feel well. It is a pity the doctor
will not allow my friends to
come and see 'the new man'
with his 'once mighty intellect.'
FRANK HOWARD COLLIER.
Mr. Collier rallied from the operation
and is now well on the road to recov
ery, and those attending him say he
was quite right in saying that he is "a
new man."
Dr. Davis found that the skull had
been indented and was pressing upon
the brain, and this was probably the
cause of Mr. Collier's mental derange
ment.
Trephining, cutting out a piece of the
skull, is one of the major operations in
surgery and a -very old one. It is the
only major operation practiced success
fully by savages. The Kabyles of
Northern Africa frequently resort to
trephining to cure neuralgia, vertigo
and other disorders. The operator is
an hereditary medicine man, and the
mortality among his patients is not
great.
Our own North American Indians
practiced it frequently, as is proven by
the skulls found.
Dr. Manuel Antonio Muniz, formerly
surgeon general of the Peruvian army,
explored the ancient tombs in Peru and
made a collection of the skulls he
found which had been trepanned.
BY
Rose Soley.
you write them, you have to raise the platen to Bee what you are do
ing. When the first line was completed this happened, as it seemed, au
tomatically, and I read:
"Tour friend is very welcome; is there anything he would like to learn .
"Nellie knew you were coming," explained Maudesly. "In fact, s
gave me permission to bring you. I think your aura is favorable, or you
would not have been granted such a tremendous privilege.-"
"Is there anything you would like to learn?" he went on. "Nellie knows
everything."
I put one or two of the trivial test questions asked at ordinary seances,
such as my mother's Christian name, the date and day of my birth, etc.,
etc. • They were answered with absolute correctness, when Maudesly
stopped me.
"Don't do that sort of thing, you might offend Nellie. She is not an
infantile spirit, like those you meet at a half-dollar seance. She doesn't
want nonsense of that kind. Nellie is omniscient. Ask her something
sensible."
I thought for some minutes before I hit upon a really satisfactory test.
"Well," I said, "the London Times ought to be ready for press now, yet
no news of its contents can have reached here by any human agency. Now
if Nellie will copy for us the first editorial in the Times of to-morrow's
date, I think it would be conclusive."
"I should say so," answered Maudesly, "but I have known Nellie to
do things even more wonderful."
The typewriter clicked, and the carriage moved rapidly. We read:
"The editor is just looking through the proof. I can read it over his shoul
der. Give me a clean sheet of paper."
"Have a cigar," said Arthur. "It will take a little time to transcribe."
Without pause, line after line, the typewriter moved on, at the rate, I
should say, of about eighty words a minute. Suddenly the bell on the ma
chine gave a sharp, clear ring. I had not noticed it sound before.
"Wants another sheet," said Maudesly, rising. "I should have thought
of it. Nellie, like most expert typists, never uses the bell on the machine
which shows when you have reached the end of the line, so she has hit
upon this plan of reminding me when the paper is exhausted."
I looked at the clearly written sheet which he took from the machine.
Viewed merely as a piece of typewriting, it was an exquisite specimen of
work. There was not an error in spelling or punctuation, the impression
was even throughout. But these were merely details. It was the wording
of the article which amazed me. In the vigorous, classical language for
which it is famous, the London Thunderer gave to the world the obiter
dicta of the English nation on the great Eastern question which was then
convulsing Europe.
It was just at the close of the Russo-Turkish war, when the mighty
hand of Russia had reached out over all Turkey, and was even then closing
its grip on Constantinople. Turkey was crushed, and Europe knew that if
the Russian bear once got the Golden Horn in its grasp it would never
let go.
In a general way I am but an insignificant individual, t>ut I never felt,
either before or since, such a sense of my own personal importance. Sit
ting in this little office in San Francisco, at the hour of 9 in the evening, I
held in my hand the sentences which the rest of the world would read only
to-morrow morning. There, in strong, clear-cut English, was a declaration
of the policy which was to bring England in triumph through this moment
ous crisis, and which was to raise Lord Beaconsfleld to the zenith of his
fame as a statesman.
I held my breath in awe. Never for a moment did I doubt the accuracy
of the transcript.
Maudesly smiled as he noted my amazement. "It seems wonderful to
you, doesn't it? To me it is an every day occurrence. On the astral plane
where Nellie lives nothing is hidden from her sight. Past, present and
future are as an open book to her."
"Do Sou know your own future?" I asked.
"I do," he replied; " a month hence I am going to join Nellie, and it
becomes necessary to put my earthly affairs in order, in readiness for my
next incarnation."
"You don't say you are going to die?" I cried in horror.
He laughed lightly. "Don't use such inappropriate language. I am
merely going to pass from a lower to a higher sphere of life. I have noth
ing to regret in tha change."
"But you will come back?"
"I will, but I have not been told when. It is because of this uncertainty
that I have brought you here to-night and Intrusted you with the great
secret. I will explain it all later. Do you wish for any more tests?"
I could have gone on all night learning from Nellie, but evidently
Maudesly thought the seance had lasted long enough. Reluctantly I as
sented. *J«Jjjjl
"May I keep the sheets she has written?"
"Certainly, but on one condition. You will not divulge their contents tr>
any until' after the Times of to-morrow's date has reached San Francisco."
It was a sore temptation, but I kept my word, and I need only add that,
some two weeks later, when the English paper came to the city, I found
my copy compared word for word with the original editorial
Maudesly never again asked me to enter the strange room with him.
He seemed exhausted by his efforts, or perhaps he f^t that, now his duty
was done, there was no necessity for further demonstration. Whatever
the cause, it was plain to all observers that he was rapidly losing his hold
on life. His friends urged him to take a vacation, to go into the country
for a month or so, to abandon the work" which was bo surely wearing him
out. He only shook his head sorrowfully in response to their well-meant
advice. I alone knew the true cause and was able to sympathize with him.
The dying man remained at his desk daily, but with visibly Increasing
effort. I waited, with what patience I might, for the further confidences
which I knew were to come. At last, when the day's work was over and
all the clerks had left, he called me into his private office.. It was his fa
vorite time for talking, he said, everything was quiet, afid we had the
place to ourselves.
"I have only a week left, and have still much to tell you. We will have
one more dinner together, and you shall hear the whole story. But first
let me ask if you are willing to accept the trust I place in your hande,
with all its responsibilities?"
"Of course I am." I answered, unhesitatingly.
"Fully and unreservedly?"
"Fully and unreservedly."
"Good! I knew it would be so. You shall have no cause to regret your
choice. Now I will tell you the history of this typewriter. Did you ever
hear of the Nellie News mystery? No. I suppose pot. It happened years
ago, before you came to San Francisco.
"Nellie's body was found one morning underneath some old rotten pil
ing at the foot of Howard street. She was lying half in and half out of
the water, her fair head matted with blood, her skull crushed in by a
brutal blow. I alone knew who committed this foul murder; it was I who
directed the police, by means of an anonymous letter, to the spot where
the body was to be found. The detectives never discovered a clew, and
they have long since abandoned their efforts to unravol the mystery.
"I never gave them any aid; I never denounced the criminal. The
thing was impossible, as you will see.
"Nellie News was my typewriter, the first and only one I ever had. You
have often wondered why I did not employ the machine in my business.
Put it down to my old-fashioned conservative ways, I suppose. Well it
was nothing of the kind. I was one of the first to use them In San Fran
ciscOt
"The writing machines were just coming into vogue when I bought one
and advertised for a girl to work it. Many candidates presented them
selves, but there was no difficulty about selection. Only one choice was
possible when Nellie put in her appearance. She was a delicately made lit
tle thing, with a faraway, spirituello expression in her face. She was not
exactly pretty, in spite of her fair curling hair and high white forehead. It
was the soul which looked out of her wide blue eyes which entranced you
I know nothing about psychical matters just then— thought spiritualism
simply a lot of fraud and nonsense.
"But when Nellie looked at me, and said simply, 'I have come to be
your typewriter, sir," I realized for the first time that there was a world
beyond me, that there were heights of intelligence far above the com
prehension of my darkened Intellect. I did not, of course, put the idea
into words at once, the truth forced itself upon me gradually, and then I
understood that I had known it unconsciously all along. "The bond of
Prom the appearance of the skulls and
from the fact that no instruments ex
cept of stone have even been found, it
is certain that the ancient Peruvians
trephined with a stone.
Dr. McGee, who spent much time
studying the customs of the Peruvians
and North American Indians, says they
trephined to exorcise evil spirits, and it
was a religious ceremony with them
quite as much as a surgical operation.
Among the Indians it was not an in
frequent form of tribute that they cut
buttons from the skulls of living pris
oners. Strings of these bone buttons
worn as amulets have been found.
From the evidence of the bone they
were cut from living subjects. Also
among the trephined skulls found it is
a certainly that the owners of the
heads lived and recovered from the op
erations.
Is fish a good article of food? With the
cxcoiition of eczematous and arthritic
persons, in whoso cape it often brings on
nettle rash one may boldly reply in the
affirmative. This, at any rate, appears to
be the opinion of Parisians, who consume
annually twenty-eight million kilo
grammes of fresh fish, without rei-koning
eight or nine million kilogrammes ofmus
sels, oysters and other shell fl.sh.
M. Balland, a distinguished chemist, in
a note on the composition of a large num
ber of fish, has lately justified this opin
ion by showing that fish is particularly
rich in azote and in fat.
According to the analysis made by M.
Balland the proportion of water is very
variable, and ranges from 59 to 85 per
cent. For instance, the shad, the fresh
water eel. the mackerel and the salmon,
which have from 15 to 26 per cent of fat
when fresh, have 56 to 64 per cent when
dried.
On the other hand, fish containing the
least fat are the richest in azote. The
pike, the dab, the sole, the whiting, the
cod. the tench and the perch, which have
only from 8 to 10 per cent of fat when
fresh, contain 93 per cent of azotic mat
ter when dried. These fish contain as
much azote as butchers' meat.
Crustacea and mollusks contain less
azote than fish.
In short, fish are very nutritious for
food, and cannot be too highly recom
mended. They constitute an almost in
exhaustible *ood source by reason of the
Immense variety of the edible specleß.
sympathy between us made itself felt at the outset, it needed no inter
change of language to strengthen it. ;"■ , ,__« -■: „„ ' «,„,* V et twain
"Nellie was; my- twin soul; we had lived before. °n? » n fn^rnaUons
through the ages, through who knows how many successive incarnation^
And our Karma had brought us together on this plane, as it was oouna 10
d °' "Nellie was a splendid operator; she did her work well faithfully;
but if she had not known how to write a line, it would ha\e been thesM^
All through the long busy days I lived a life of secret happiness., with her
by my side, and when she rose with her pretty 'Goodevening sir, the Hgg
went from my life. That is to say. at first, for afterward our souls learnea
to commune even though our bodies were separated. . ; oa r-nritv
There was nothing coarse or degrading in our love. Nellie was purm
itself. She lived alone .with her widowed mother whom sne supported out
of her salary, which was as large as I dared make it. No spot of . canda^
ever rested on that blameless life, none dared sully her character
even a breath of suspicion. Perhaps, had she lived, I might have married
her; I do not know. Her stay with me was too short; we were too happy
in our spiritual relations to risk the introduction of a new element Into our
lives. , ! i ; - " ,
"Naturally Nellie had plenty of suitors, attracted by her sweet face ana
prosperous position. The most ardent of them all was a handsome young
cashier, one of my most trusted employes. Hamlyn had been with me ror
years, and I never had occasion to doubt his faith. He handled large sums
of money, his books were always scrupulously balanced, and he lea ap
parently an irreproachable life. " I was lulled into a sense of security, but
Nellie's keen eyes saw more than mine. _ ' '
"I shall never forget that morning, when I entered my office and no
Nellie was there to greet ma. Usually she was at her desk half an hour
earlier than I was, but for the fln»t time her seat was vacant. A car acci
dent, I thought, or perhaps a trilling illness; she will .ser.4 Trord orcome
herself in an hour or two. The morning wora «s, Sna still no Nellie ap
peared. It was impossible £'-« r-.-c Z6 work, an indefinable feeling- oC
restlessness crept over me. I could not concentrate my attention on any
of the matters which required consideration. - 
. "When lunch time arrived I felt that I must do something-, and I dis
patched a messenger to Nellie's residence. The aged mother returned in
weeping anxiety. t Nellie had not been home since the previous night. After
supper she had gone out for a walk, and had never returned. Where was
Nellie?" .
"I was almost mad with "apprehension. I summoned the smartest pri
vate detective in the city and, bade him spare no effort to find the girl, to
use all the resources of his bureau in the search, regardless of expense.
But the skill of the sleuth was of no avail. All that day and the next the
search went on, report? being made to me every hour or so. I could neither
eat nor sleep, and work was out of the question. ■!■ Real estate matters of
the greatest importance awaited my decision, but though millions de
pended on the deal, I waved my* visitors away with scorn, and shut my
self up in my room, refusing to see any one except. the detectives.
"It was the third night after Nellie's disappearance, and I sat alone in
my office, hopeless yet expectant. Nellie's typewriter stood on the table
close to my desk. Just as she had left it when she passed from my sight.
Something impelled me to take off the heavy wooden cover, and gaze lov
ingly on the instrument so often handled by my angel. It I was only a
mere inanimate construction of wood and iron, but to me it had a soul,
it was part of Nellie. I carefully dusted the keys, polished the nickel
work, oiled the bar, and saw that the mechanism was in perfect working
order. Then I inserted a sheet of paper and went back to my seat.
* "Now, I thought, everything will be ready for Nellie when she comes
in the morning. I had done this almost mechanically, more as an occupation
for my wearied brain than anything else. I had no premonition of thtf mar
vel which was to come. '•>
\ "Without warning, as I sat there, my whole mental force concentrated
upon' the desire to find Nellie, she came. • -■■■' '
"Through keeping my gaze tlxed for so long on the typewriter, I must
have brought myself into a kind of auto-hypnotic state. My brain was
perfectly clear, but I seemed powerless to move, or to make a sign of any
kind. All I could do was to watch the typewriter with a fascinated gaze.
I saw the keys, as if touched by an invisible hand, move up and down, very
slowly and gently. I saw the carriage slide backward and forward. I saw
the handle raised as each line was completed. ■ The invisible writer waa
evidently weak, because the force employed was hardly sufficient to de
press the keys, and the type bars struck the paper with only enough
strength to make a faint, though clearly readable impresssion. . :
"I never questioned the fact that Nellie was writing, even before I
read what was on the paper. I realized from the first that the influence
now being exerted, weak though it was, had only to be fully developed to
secure the most marvelous results. Nellie was dead, I knew that instinct
ively. But Nellie still lived, and had found a way of communicating with
me. I could feel her sweet presence near,' though my imperfect vision
could see nothing. I knew that her dear fingers were playing, oh, so gently
on the keys she had touched so often in life.
. "The machine seemed to have become part of her, to have absorbed so
much of her personal magnetism during life that, after death, it was still
responsive to her will. I had only to supply the current, the animal mag
netism necessary to operate the instrument, its movements were controlled
from beyond. On that first night, as you have heard, I did this uncon
sciously, in obedience, doubtless, to some spiritual prompting. Afterward
I did it purposely, and found that my power developed with practice, so
that, under proper conditions, I could make the machine write whenever I
chose. These conditions I have brought to the highest state of perfection
in the room you visited last night. In return, Nellie has told me every
thing, about this world and every other world. I have learned more than
man. in his present stage of partial development, is permitted to know.
"The machine had ceased writing for a long time before I summoned
courage to look at the paper. Reverently I drew it off the roller, and read:
" 'Love to my dear master. Do not grieve for me. I passed over three
days ago, but I am with you still. You will find my murdered body at the
foot of Howard street. Hamlyn met me while I was out walking, and tried
to tempt me with the offer of wealth. He begged me to elope with him,
confessing that he had embezzled $5000 of your money. I refused Indig
nantly, and told him that I would inform you first thing next morning.
Then he threatened me, but I was firm,- and to save himself he killed me.
I am weak now and cannot write more. Use your powers well and I will
come again.'
"Next morning I found that Nellie's assertions were absolutely correct.
I Bent a line to the police, without signature, and they discovered her .body
at the place Indicated. Hamlyn had been receiving large sums of money
from the sale of land, and his defalcations -amounted to at least $5000. .
"What was I to do? I could not denounce Hamlyn without disclosing
the source of my information, and nothing on earth would have induced
me to confide my secret to another. It was a sacred bond between Nellie
and me. Besides, I knew that my. darling's gentle spirit would never bear
the thought of cruelly punishing another. She bade me herself, when she
came to the typewriter that night, let the villain go. So I sent for Ham
lyn, and -told him to get out of this country, and never to show his face in
America again. Like a coward he cringed and went. Now you know the
whole story."  : ■.* _ i •
Maudesly paused and drew a legal looklng-document from his desk. "I
have written down for your guidance the conditions of your trust. Or
rather Nellie has done it on the machine. lam going from "here in a week.
You will find that. l have left you in my will a block of real estate an Mar
ket street which at present briilgs in $5000" a year, and 1 which is likely to In
crease In value. This money will enable you to live in ease for the rest of
your life, all you have to do is to see that the room with the typewriter is
preserved intact. Here is the combination which opens the Iron door
commit it to memory and then destroy the writing. I have bought a per
petual lease of the room, but if. from any cause, it should become unten
able, you must provide a similar apartment elsewhere. Every night ex
actly at 9 o'clock, you will visit the place, but on no account will you allow
any one else to enter.
"This duty you will perform all your life, unless there should come to
you a person, be it man or woman, beggar or millionaire, who holds the
secret word."
Bending low Maudesly whispered a word In my ear,, which, of course I
cannot disclose.
"When you hear this word you may consider your trust at an end and
hand the keys to the individual who utters it. Should no one ever come
you will. pass the trust on to the fittest . person, man or woman, you
can find. Keep a sheet of paper always in the machine, and you will be
told when it is time to make your will and select your successor."
There is little more to add, except that Maudesly passed quietly away a
week later. The doctor called it heart failure. I have faithfully fulfillpd
my trust, living a life of studious ea3e on the ample income bequeathed me
The machine has a strange fascination, which grows as the years roll hv'
Daily I sit and watch it for hours, but it never writes for me Nor has
my one appeared with the pass word. Will those keys ever work again'
r know they will, and, although I know the first writing will seal mv fat*
t am. watching anxiously, hoping, yet fearing, for the day when it will h«
accessary to render an account of my trust to Maudesly and Nellie Per
[laps as a reward for faithful service I may be allowed to share their han.
piness. ■ ■' . .  . *
(Copyrighted 1898 by J. F. Rose-Soley.)
EXAMPLES OF ANCIENT PERUVIAN TRBi
PHINING.LIVELY CAREER OF A YOUNG, NOBLE SCAPEGRACE.
Special to The Bunday Call.
BERLIN, Nov. 21.— A furor
was created recently at the
capital by the sudden dis
missal by his Majesty's
command of Captain yon
Ruexleben, Military Instruc
tor, arid Count yon Hopffgar
t<-n. social guardian of Al
fred. Prince of Saxe-Coburg-
Qotha. Prince Alfred was
transferred from the First
Regiment of Royal Guards
to th-.' One Hundred and Fif
teenth Regiment of Infantry.
SINCE that time all Germany has
been talking and eagerly in-
for the causes that led
"up to the surprising act on the
part of the Emperor. The noble
guardians of Prince Alfred were
dismissed while the Emperor was away
on his pilgrimage to the Holy Land,
SUPERSTITIONS OF GAMBLERS.
SEEING that gambling is nearly
always a matter of luck or ill luck
it seems consistent with the eter
nal fitness of things that habitual
gamblers should be superstitious
and place a certain amount of reliance
Upon charms and presentiments; but
nevertheless, it is truly extranrdinary"
how much importance many gamblers
attach to trivial things and occur
rences such as any one else would sim
ply ignore.
One of the most notorious gamblers
in the British ;< i-V.ocraoy is an implicit
believer in the luck-bringing pow
ers of a small kidney potato, without
which he rarely plays at any game at
the risk of losing large sums of money.
The history of his extraordinary charm
is "wrapped in mystery," and no one
has been able to drag out of the noble
lord (for he is a member of the House
of Peers) in what way he became pos
sessed of his plebeian potato. But he
Btoutly asserts that but for his talisman,
he would have been ruined years ago
by his gambling habits.
He 1b one of the luckiest men who
ever cast a dice or cut a pack, and it is
notorious that an evening's play at his
favorite club has more than once put
£1000 into his pocket, and it really
soems that the superstition attached to
his potato has solid basis, for, on one
ion, when by rf chance he left his
(harm at horne — a very rare thing for
him to do— he lost heavily; whereas it
is a most exceptional thing for him to
rise from a card table a penny the
poorer, for a long evening's reckless
gambling.
A well-known Jockey who is reputed
to have won ten times as much in bet
ting as he has by his profession, al
though he has been wonderfully suc
cessful, never ridea in a race or backs a
fiorse for a half penny if he has not on
his person at the time a smoked pearl
button, and to attempt to argue with
and it Is but too apparent that only
the most important developments could
have led the Emperor to act at such a
time.
The truth of the matter is the Em
peror acted at the moment he was as
sured that certain suspicions were cor
rect. Briefly he found out that the
two guardians of Prince Alfred were
not true to their trust. Instead of guid
ing the young man is the right direc
tion they devoted all their own well-de
veloped energies to "showing him the
town."
The facts that have already become
public property show that the young
member of royalty is one of the great
est scrapegraces of the last decade. He
has dipped into all sorts of dissipation,
almost ruined his health and consider
ably diminished his finances. But at
present he is in dipgrace and will have
to spend at least two years in a dreary
castle on the borders of Russia.
Prince Alfred is the youthful heir to
the famous German duchy of Saxe-
Coburg-Gotha. He is the son of Alfred
him that this charm could not possibly
affect his fortunes would be useless; he
would tell you of a hundred occasions
on which the button changed his luck,
and finally inform you that it had,
when h& was a child, saved his life by
catching in the upholstery of a railway
carriage when he fell out of the im
properly closed door.
How he gets over the fact that he al
ways carries the button when racing,
but does not always get his horse a
place, we do not know. Probably he
believes it saves him a fall even when
it does not carry him to victory, and he
has certainly been remarkably lucky
in the matter of accidents.
A leading light of London society,
who is a frequent visitor to the gaming
palaces at Monte Carlo «md Ostend,
when gamblinr wears on her wrist
part of a broken clock-spring, to which
she attaches the greatest importance.
It is said that on the occasion of one
of her visits to Monte Carlo a friend
persuaded her to leave her strange
looking bracelet at her hotel and to
play without it, and the result was
that, unable to resist the fascination of
gambling, even when losing, Bhe lost
between £7000 and £8000. not thinking
how the money was goin- until it had
actually gone.
Since then she has never gambled un
less wearing her famous clock-spring,
and she has often surprised the com
pany at her table by her wonderful
runs of luck. She is perfectly calm
when gambling with the bracelet on
her wrist, while without it she always
lost her head at the first loss of money
and then plunged.
Every one knows how superstitious
racing men are concerning dreams, but
we came across a case a short time
Bince which appears so novel that we
include it in thiß article, although the
actual subject is so hackneyed.
The superstitious gentleman is one
with whose name every sporting man Is
acquainted, and relies absolutely upon
suggestions made to him in dreams for
every move he makes upon the turf;
and since he made it his habit to do
so he has never lost a penny upon a
race, or lost a race in which one of his
horses was running!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
Brought to a Sudden Termination by
Emperor William.
the First, the present Duke, and was
born in 1872 at Buckingham palace
when his father was merely the Duke
of Edinburgh. The young man is also
the grandson of Queen Victoria, and he
seems to have a touch of that strain
which has been so noticeable in the
Prince of Wales. Besides his numerous
princely titles he bears the honor of a
captaincy in the Second Devonshire
(Prince of Wales) Regiment and a lieu
tenancy in the First Regiment of the
Royal Prussian Guards, a corps which
contains the flower of the German no
bility.
In this, his twenty-sixth year, the
young noble is in disgrace and has been
sent to cool his ardor for forbidden
pastimes in the sequestered old Russian
castle of Hambourg, the property of his
mother, Maria, the sister of the late
Czar Alexander the Second. The im
mediate cause of his exile is a scandal
such as but too frequently rends the
circles of Europe's aristocracy and ob
tains publicity, despite the stringent ef
forts of those in power.
During his boyhood Alfred attended
the gymnasium at Coburg and appear
ed to brilliant advantage among his
many schoolfellows. He at that time
gave little promise of developing into
the sportive young man that later years
NEW YORK, PASSES LONDON
as
The Greatest Shipping City in the World.
After Three Centuries of Supremacy Great London Town Is Obliged to Yield
Her Proud Position as the Greatest Seaport on the Globe to New York
and so America Captures the Biggest Championship an the World's
Contests,
AFTER three centuries of undis
turbed supremacy, London has
at last been forced to yield her
proud position as the foremost
commercial city of the world.
Like many another trophy of old-world
power and influence, this distinction
has at last crossed the Atlantic to
America, and now rests with the city
of New York. Although London had a
large population and a wide commerce
when the first settlers built their log
houses on Manhattan Island, it has
taken the new world city little more
than a century to catch up with her
venerable rival. New York scarcely be
gan to have commercial importance un
til after the close of the revolution, and
even at the beginning of the nineteenth
century her trade was only one-tenth
that of the British metropolis.
Not even the most sanguine of Ameri
cans dared to prophesy fifty years ago
that before the close of the nineteenth
century New York would replace Lon
don as the most important seaport in
the world. Even so recently as ten
years ago, the struggle between New
York and Hamburg for second plate
was much more close than the race
between the American city and the
British metropolis. But in the year
1898, which is likely to be remembered
as a momentous one in the history of
the United States, the port which Hen
drik Hudson discovered 289 years ago,
not only drew safely away from the
busy town at the mouth of the Elbe,
but surpassed the lordly city of the
Thames as well.
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Vanderlip is authority for the state
ment-that Ne- ■ York is now in a posi
tion of supremacy among the commer
cial cities of*the world. Mr. Vanderlip
says:
"I am glad to be able to announce
that the forthcoming annual report of
the commissioner of navigation con
tains the statement that New York is,
or at least is about to become, the first
seaport of the world. The figures on
which this statement is based are those
giving the tonnages of vessels reported
as entering and clearing from the port
of New York in the foreign trade only,
since no record of coastwise trade is
kept in American ports. The tonnage
figures for the last fiscal year for the
port of London are not available as
yet, but In the preceding year London
gained 215,000 tons to New York's in
crease of 1,131,727. The monthly re
ports for the present year thus far in
dicate that New York has maintained
her advance, while London certainly
has not increased hers. This puts New
York into the first place, so far as
ocean comme 3 is concerned."
show him to be. The only son of his
parents, he was petted to a consider
able degree. The rigid discipline that
the Duchess, his mother, imposed on
the entire household, her husband in
cluded, was greatly relaxed where the
young son was concerned. Consequent
ly, as he neared his majority, his many
passions, feeling no restraint, found ex
cellent opportunities to display them
selves.
At about this time his residence was
changed to Berlin. He received his mil
itary appointment from the Emperor
himself, with whom he soon became a
great favorite. Captain yon Ruexleben,
a well-known figure at the capital, was
appointed instructor in army affairs,
and Lieutenant Count yon Hopffgarten
was delegated to the happy office of
social guardian of the young heir.
How well the Count performed his
duties is plainly shown by the gay life
which marks the three years of his
charge's life at Berlin. A friend in the
beautiful Vassllevitch, a mueh-talked
about Bohemian singer, was first pro
cured to make happy the days of Al
fred. On this lady he lavished immense
sums and many are the anecdotes of
the young cjuple and their ingenious
attempts to secure amusement and ad
ventures. The young scion committed
The total tonnage of vessels entering
at or clearing for foreign ports from
New York and the figures reported at
London of vessels engaged in trade
with foreign or colonial ports are shown
in the following table. The years indi
cated are fiscal years, ending on June
30, except in the last line, where an es
timate of tonnages for the calendar
year 1898 is given:
Year. London. New York.
1894 14,432.550 14.086.4fi4
IMJS 14.34fi.001 13,188,0*)
1896 15,582.510 13,658,436
1897 15.797.ti59 14,211,315
1898 15,814,213 15,843,242
ISHS* (June to Dec.) 15,801,797 15,842,719
•Estimated from monthly returns.
The total value of London's trade in
1895 was $1,123,591,630. New York's
showing for the same period was $803,
321,190. In the following year New
York gained $137,980,338, while London
advanced only about $27,000,000. In 1897
the figures for New York were $976,898,
235, a decrease from the preceding year,
while London showed another slight
gain. But 1898 has proved a a banner
year. Exports of merchandise have
advanced fully $450,000,000, a greater
gain than has been shown by any pre
ceding twelvemonth. Imports of mer
chandise have not advanced, but there
have been heavy imports of gold to put
the figures up. Altogether New York's
foreign trade for 1898 will not be less
than 1,300,000,000, while that of London
is computed at $1,202,207,847.
Another significant factor is to be
found in the rapid development of
South Africa, Australia, China and
Japan. In the competition for this trade
the United States has come off with
her full share of honors. American
machinery can be put down in all these
countries at prices which other man
ufacturing countries cannot meet, and
as they grow American commerce is
bound to increase in steady ratio.
All these things promise well for the
continuation of American supremacy.
Henry W. Edye of the American
Shipping Company, who is an expert on
matterß of foreign trade, says:
"In my estimation New York is safe
to maintain her lead. To begin with,
there are the inroads of nations like
Germany on trade which Great Britain
has heretofore had to herself. This
is a condition to which Englishmen
must reconcile themselves, and it may
be called a negative factor in assisting
New York to hold her present position.
But aside from this consideration, there
are positive factors which are decided
ly encouraging.
"Our agricultural interests have by no
means reached the limit of their pro
ductiveness, and we may look to see
even the phenomenal crops of last year
surpassed in the future. More'import
ant still, we have only begun to develop
many indiscretions, which, however,
were looked upon as trifling matters
by the indulgent parents.
As time progressed all the vices
which are popular among the nobles in
the capitals began to appeal to Alfred's
fancy. Friends of a dubious character
are ever in wait to employ themselves
as monitors to the young and curious.
Gambling, at first merely a matter of
curiosity, soon became a passion with
Alfred. Magnificent palaces are erected
to the god of cards in Berlin, in
which the highest and most exclusive
members of aristocracy may be met.
Prince Alfred was initiated into a
clique composed o£ young blue bloods
like himself, and the nights were spent
at the tables. Luck did not favor the
young man and he was forced to resort
to many expedients to raise money.
His mother, who is reputed to be the
most wealthy woman In the empire,
possessing an annual income of about
fifteen million marks, is famous for her
parsimony. To the demands of her fa
vorite child, however, she was often
forced to succumb. Alfred was the pos
sessor of magnificent stables at Berlin,
Charlottenburg and Baden Baden, in
which were found many horses which
have made their names famous on Ger
man and English tracks. These stables
our manufacturing resources. In this
field there will be a gradual, constant
and healthy progression. In the grow
ing markets of the world, the far East,
Africa, the Pacific islands. South Amer
ica and the West Indies, America pos
sesses decided advantages over other
manufacturing nations, and these coun
tries will afford a steady outlet for our i
increasing production of finished pro
ducts. Now that the United States has j
the lead, everything is in her favor, and
nothing but a decline in the enterprise
of her people can force her again into
second place. Of such a decline I see
no present evidence."
Englishmen, not excepting those well
informed in trade affairs, express sur
prise at New York's rapid growth in
commerce during the past two years.
They have recognized in New York a
rival for trade supremacy, who might
prove dangerous; but they had no idea
that she would so soon wrest the com
mercial supremacy from their famous
city. Some of them affect to see in the
present state of affairs only a tem
porary condition. Others frankly ad
mit that henceforth New York must
be recognized as the world's greatest
seaport.
Lord Herschel says in regard to the
matter:
"I was greatly surprised on the occa
sion of my jeoent visit to New York at
the time of the Chamber of Commerce
dinner to hear it said that that city now
had a greater volume of ocean com
merce than London. If this information
is correct, it must be reckoned a great
achievement for America, a double vic
tory, when one considers that it comes
in a year when she has been at war.
"Yet when one has learned by actual
contact something of the greatness of
your country, this mattter is not so sur
prising after all. When one looks upon
your wonderful harbor and sees the
lavish provision which nature has made
for civic greatness he cannot doubt
that New York is destined to be, if she
is not now, the metropolis of the world's
commerce.
"I can only say that if London is to
be passed' in the race we shall be glad
to see the first prize go to the United
States rather than to any other nation.
We admire American pluck and enter
prise as qualities kindred to our own,
and we salute your victories whether
they be those of war or peace. Instead
of discussing the question of suprem
acy I shall prefer to think of New York
and London sharing between them the
domination of the world's commerce.
Certainly the greatness of one cannot
detract from the glory of the other.
May they both remain great, in spirit
as in achievement, and may the citizens
of both ever feel toward each other the
good will and brotherly affection which
they now hold."
were an almost insupportable drain on
his income.
Immediately before the coronation of
Wilhelmina, the young Queen of Hol
land, Alfred was mentioned as the most
likely aspirant for her hand. There is
but little doubt that he would have
been an accepted suitor but for his
vicious life and the publicity given to
scandals in which he figured.
As he grew older, instead of sobering,
Alfred became more reckless. The
friends with whom he associated were,
although of privileged blood, of most
daring character, to whom excitement
was as necessary as air.' Escapades in
numerable began to make the clique of
young nobles notorious. The names of
actresses began to be unpleasantly
commingled with theirs. They became
the town talk.
Finally, Alfred, to keep up hia supply
of funds, began to resort to Jewish
money lenders. Among these was a
certain banker of Gotha by the name
of Levy Goldschmidt. After advancing
large amounts to the young prince on
such security as he could obtain Gold
schmidt began to feel shady about the
STRANGE ELOPEMENTS.
THE mental equilibrium vf the resi
dential part of a certain provincial
town was recently sadly disturbed
by the daring elopement of the daugh
ter of a highly respected townsman
with a well known local cyclist. The
vibration resulting from the shock has
not yet ceased.
It appears that the charming daugh
ter (all unmarried daughters are
charming) had been clandestinely
courted by the cyclist, who had the
honor of making her machine, he being
a cycle maker, for some time ere her
"stern parents" discovered the fact.
High words followed as a natural con
sequence, and arrangements were made
to transport the infatuated young
woman to a spot where she would not
meet her secret suitor. But these ar
rangements were made without due
reckoning of the age of the young
woman or of her wishes. She had been
deprived of her cycle and of her permit
to walk out alone pending her transpor
tation.
Nevertheless, by some means the lov
ers managed' to communicate, and in
the dark of one evening, while the fam
ily were sitting out In the cold air, a
man rode up to the garden gate on a
tandem bicycle, ringing his bell. At
the sound of the bell up sprang the
young woman, and taking her parents
and brothers completely by surprise,
she flew to the gate, mounted behind*
the cyclist, and off they sped together
in the most correct elopement style.
A week later the happy pair return
ed man and wife, took up the business
of cycle making, which had been left
in the hands of a manager, and there
they remained a thorn in the side of the
dignity and authority of the baffled
parents. It is understood that they
have found their elopement a most val
uable fillip to the business.
Runaway marriages are not so un
common nowadays as is generally be
lieved, but reports of them do not gen
erally get beyond the papers published
transaction. Having requested the
payment of several large notes which
were due, and, meeting with no satis
faction, he instituted proceedings for
the recovery of his money. This law
suit was the bombshell which startled
the nobility and especially the Emperor
William.
Of course the parents hastened to the
rescue of their heir and made good his
numerous borrowings. The Emperor,
however, was greatly aroused by the
scandal and immediately ordered the
dishonorable dismissal of Alfred's in
structor, Captain yon Ruexleben, and
of gay Count yon Hopffgarten. The
young scapegrace was transferred to
the One Hundred and Fifteenth Regi
ment of Infantry at Darmstadt. Such"
a transfer is very significant in the
German army and is only another mode
of expressing great imperial dis
pleasure.
Before assuming active duties Alfred,
as has been said, has been taken to
Hambourg, where he will pass a season
of reform under his parents' eyes. In
this retirement he will also be safe from
the gossip of the newspapers.
in the localities in which the parties
reside; and the cycle certainly lends it
self to successful elopements. We have
indeed before us reports of no fewer
than eight elopements upon cycles
which have occurred within the com
paratively short period of thirteen
months, and there have probably been
as many more of which we possess no
Information.
A highly exciting chase occurred in
cidentally to one elopement. The de
signing couple had managed to get
away without creating any suspicion,
having met by arrangement and
slipped off on a tandem toward the
place where everything was arranged
for the marriage.
The young woman was the daughter
of a farmer, and it might have been un
fortunate for her that she was recog
nized by one of the farm hands when
scorching away with her lover through
the small town. The alarm was given,
and the farmer and his son, both vota
ries of the wheel, set out at once in hot
pursuit. However, the runaway couple
had had more than twenty minutes'
start, so it was necessary for the son
to scorch In a way the farmer could not
follow, and the pursuing party waa
soon reduced to one.
As this son was an amateur cyclist of
no small power, it is probable that the
elopement would have ended sadly for
the pursued had not the pursuer taken
a wrong turning, with the depressing
result that he scorched for many hours
in a direction quite contrary to that
taken by the runaways, who were able
to be married nicely and quietly, while
the brother was murmuring sweet
things about his mistake some thirty
miles away.
There can be no disputing that it is
as vain to attempt to thwart a woman
who has determined to marry and de
cided on the man selected as to at
tempt to open a sardine tin with a but
ter pat.
■ m ■
A parliamentary paper just issued
shows that there are in Belgium no few
er than 183,000 liquor establishments of all
kinds, or one to every twenty-nine of tha
population.
2526
■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■;■■■■■■■■ ■ .■ ■
i Cloak and Suit Dept
LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS.
At T'S Oen.ts.
LADIES 1 BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with percaline
and bound with velvet; regular price $1 "5; sale price 75c each.
At
b LADIES' FANCY COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, in dark shades, lined and
bound; regular price $1 50; sale price $1 00 each.
At $2.75.
■ LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of novelty suitings, double
lined and bound with velvet; regular price $4 00; sale price $2 75 each.
At $7.50.
T LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DREPS SKIRTS, fan-pleated backs,
a, double lined and bound with velvet, regular price $10 00; sale price $7 50
i each.
I LADIES' JACKETS AND CAPES
At $2.90.
■ LADIES' TAX COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with cloth; reg-
■ ular price $6 00; sale price $2 90 each.
At
T LADIES' TAX COVERT, ALSO BLACK CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS, fly
_ fronts, fared with silk; regular price $7 50; sale price $5 00 each.
At $7.50.
B LADIES 1 KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, in black, tan and navy, fly fronts,
m faced with silk; regular price $12 50; sale price $7 50 each.
H At $6.50,
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, elaborate designs of braid and
£ beads ail over garments; cellar, fronts and around bottom edged with
b!a> k Thibet fur; regular price $10 00; sale price $6 50 each.
" At $7.50.
■ LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, handsomely braided and
ided, collar and fronts edged with black Thibet fur; regular price $12 50;
B *;ii>' price $7 50 each.
■ At $10.00.
X LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, richly trimmed with braid and
■ i ads, Inverted pleat in backs, collar and fronts edged with black Thibet
fur; regular price $15 00; sale price $10 00 each.
■ SPECIAL.
So Lonsdale and Fruit of Loom Muslin.
■ ■ r-
■ VATC SPECIAL ATTENTION IS DIRECTED THIS WEEK TO OUR
lIUIE CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
_ . ___ _ — _ —
■ [f[J Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
■ \m +f San Francisco. /
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■_■-
SOCIETY.
SOCIETY in general seems to
have suddenly blossomed into
life, the past week having been
by far the gayest of the social
season. There has been quite a
ff-ast of good things. The Colonial tea
on Tuesday brought society out in full
furce. not one of the pretty buds or
graceful matrons being missing.
That affair, together with the first
meeting of the Cinderellas on Wednes
day evening, another enjoyable meeting
of the Friday Fortnightly Club on Fri
day evening, a couple of luncheons, sev
eral dinners, a te;i. the doll show and the
Bohemian Club art exhibition, have filled
the week to overflowing.
* • •
The programme for the present week
docs not include the variety of diversions
offered last week. Very few announce
ments have been made and the social
limellg-ht for the moment is focused on
the first meeting this season of the Fri
day Night Club, which will be held at
Native Sons" Hall on the evening of De
cember 9.
The Loring Club will give the second
concert of its twenty-second season on
Thursday evening, December S, at Odd
Fellows' Hall.
Mrs. F. L. Whitney, retiring president
of the Forum Club, was guest of honor
on Monday last at the luncheon given
In the rooms of the olul:. Central block,
corner -of Grant avenue and Butter street.
Mrs. James Dunn, the newly c!
president, sat to the left of Mrs. Whit
ney. At the table were also the retiring
and new directors — Mrs. Elliott, Mrs.
Henry Payot, Mrs. M. RegensburK'-r.
Mrs. James Alva Watt. Mrs. Granville
Stewart, Mrs. Clement Bennett, Mrs. W.
F. Mills. Mrs. A. A. Watkins, Mrs. J<\
Cutter. Mrs. A. M. Burns, Miss McFar
land. Mrs. E. A. Godfrey. Mrs. R. Jen- j
nings, Mrs. George Spaulding, Mrs. John \
P. Young, Mrs. George Leviston. Mrs.
W, D. Fennlmore and Mrs. Clinton Jones.
Miss Olive Holbrook. one oY the sea
eon's debutantes, was the guest of honor
last Tuesday evening at a delightful din
ner given by the Misses Hopkins at the
home of their parents, corner of Califor
nia and Laguna streets. The table was
«!• .i-rated with delicate fern fronds and
•white roses.
In the party besides the complimentary
guest were: Miss Therese. Morgan, Miss
Caro Crockett, Miss • Mary Eyre, -Miss
Edna Hopkins, Miss Helen -Hopkins, Will
Taylor,- Augustus? • Taylor, Harry Stetson.
Bertram Cad walader. Samuel Boardman
and Robert Eyre. . Musk: by a mandolin
orchestra was enjoyed throughout - the
evening.
, .»■.»- •
Mrs. Clinton Jones gave an elaborate
luncheon Thursday: :at her home on
Broadway, near Fillmore street. The table
decorations were of yellow, and the same
color was carried through the house
by handsome chrysanthemums. There
■was music by a string orchestra during
the service of a delicious menu. The
guests* were:
Mrs. James Dunn, Mrs. W. H. Mills
Mrs. A. A. Watkins, Mrs. G. Conrad Mrs
J. Alva Watt," Mrs. John P. .Young,' Mrs
11. R. -Mann, Mrs. G. W. Stewart, Mrs
F. L. Whitney and Mrs. H. L.. Van Wyek.
Miss Caro Crockett gave a charming
luncheon on Thursday at the residence
of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Crock
ett, on California street. Miss Olive Hoi
brook was the guest of honor, and those
Invited to meet her comprised: Miss Jo-
Fcphine Loughboroujjh. MLss Helen Hop
kins. Miss Edna Hopkins, Miss Kate
Thornton Salisbury, Miss Margaret Salis
bury. Miss Elizabeth Bowie, Miss Har
rington. Miss Bertha Sidney Smith and
Miss Therese Morgan.
• • •
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury gave a musicale
Saturday afternoon, November 26. at her
■ tic* on California street. There were
a large number of guests nnd an excellent
programme.
The most delightful matinee tea was
given yesterday by Miss Jane Greenwood
at her home on Pacific avenue. Those
who assisted Mrs. Greenwood in receiv
ing were: Mrs. William R. Whittier,
Mrs. Samuel G. Buckbee,- Miss Gertrude
Carroll, Miss Gertrude Forman, Miss
Therese, Morgan, Miss Josephine Lough
borough Miss Romietta Wallace and
Miss Lillian Follls.
Mrs. Gordon Blanding gave a luncheon
Wednesday, with Mrs. Lloyd Tevis as
the guest of honor.
The debut into society circles of Miss
.May Hyman was marked by an elaborate
dinner party that her mother. Mrs M
Hyman, gave at the Palace Hotel on Sat
urday evening, November 26. Covers
were laid for fifty guests and the decora
tions were very attractive. The guests
were received by Mrs. Hyman, Mrs. Jesse
M Levy, Mrs. Wilfrid Lawrence Mack,
Miss Agnes Hyman and the debutante
An orchestra played during the dinner and
for dancing afterward in the maple room.
v°" c ° T f . th brides of the week was Miss
Nellie Hampton, whose marriage to Da
vid Martin took place on Wednesday. ■at
4 o clock in St. Mary's Cathedral. Rev.
Father Martin, brother of the groom, of
ficiated Al Hampton and G. C. Martin
were ushers, James McElroy best man and
Miss Claire Hampton maid of honor The
bride wore a traveling gown of, brown.
Oviing to the Illness of the bride's mother
there was no wedding reception.. Mr. and.
Mrs. Martin left immediately after the
ceremony for a southern honeymoon trip.
Ine engagement J3J 3 announced of Miss
Edna Rodden of San Rafael to Harry
N orris Martin of Reno, Nevada. Miss
Rodden is the youngest daughter of Mr
and Mrs. George Rodden. Mr. Martin is
the eldest son of W. O. H. Martin the
well-known capitalist and banker of Reno
ly cV in da he T h p e rJn ce g ddlne wm take place
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels, accom
panied by Miss Annie Brimmer, a n?™e
of Mrs. Spreckels, have returned from
mo^hVa^nce 11611 private car after
P^yfa?rlv M d inn^ninSon? MU o^'
:«fhfS&cSt haVe taken aparti^ nts
• • * •!■•.'
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Olcott Richards
have returned to the city and. taken the
house at the southwest corner of Pacific
avenue and Scott street. ■ ' - ■■ - " ■
! Mr. and Mrs. Francis Bedlhger Wash
ington have taken the residence 1914
Washington street. Mrs. Washington will
be at home the first and second Friday*?
Mr. and Mrs. Terkelson. were the re
cipients recently of a most enjoyable sur-
. prise party in honor of the twenty-fifth
anniversary of their mafriage: Those !
present were: Mr. and Lorenz Ter- ; I
Ispn, Mr. and Mrs. James- Terkelson •
■Captain and Mrs. yon Tagen .Mr and
■ Mrs. E. F Dettner. Mr.- anS' Mrs B - e
shoreman. Mr. and Mrs. Wlldenradt Jack I
Terkelson. Mrs. Madsen^Mr.; and Mrs - J i
H. Bird, Mrs. Fisher, Mrs. . Simonds Mis, '
Minnie Fisher. Miss Lottie' Kesnorema» 3 ' !
Miss Alice Slmonds. Miss Dora Peterse ' ,
Miss Florence Creighton,: Miss Elsie Ter
kelson. Robert Barthold., Marcel. Tauron
Wil'^radtf r v^ ber V^ erkelson ' Raymond
! A most enjoyable ; surprise ; party was
tendered Miss Bertie. Bauer last Saturday
evening at her, residence; 49 Elgin' Park " :
Among those present Mr and Mrs
C. Bauer Mr., and Mrs. L. Bass, Mr. and
Mrs. C E. Bauer, <■ Mrs. Manuel! Mrs M
Earl. Mrs. S. Clark. Bertie Bauer Tillie
Bauer, Nellie Rowe. Nita Moore Del- i
phlno Larson. Mamie Jefferson, • Laura l
Nelll Belle -Chesewright, Mollie Wolf son i
Lena Moore, Carrie Everding, James Jor !
gonson, Walter Anderson, Harry Jarehow"
Willie Wells. P. Decker. Bert VoW
Gardiner Calio. George Brown, T Chase'
; Mr. and Mrs. Louis Levene « of "un
O'Farrell street ! will celebrate the twen
ty-flfth anniversary of their marriage tol
day and will be pleased to see their
friends between - the hours of 2 ■ and • X
o'clock. ■ . ■ v - °
• • •
! * The wedding of Miss Bessie Armer and
Abe Marks took place Sunday, November
27, at the residence of the bride's paints
■ ■ ■"■■•■•■ . . ■ . "■: " ■ ■■--■-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■- ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■- ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■- ■-
AN
' — - — : — ®®@®®(ax^!sXsXs)®®®^ — — —
Arrival of
ELEGANT NEW GOODS !
— — — gxs)®®®®®®^?)®®®®^ — — ■ — ■ —
Our large and varied stock has been augmented by the
arrival Friday and Saturday of 500 Cases of Elegant New
and Stylish Goods. This completes the shipment of the $175,-
000 stock purchased recently in the East by Mr. James
O'Brien at the enormous discount of 55 per cent. As the goods
were obtained at such a low figure we intend to give our patrons
the full benefit of the discount and on Monday will start the
sale of these goods at such exceedingly low prices as to make
this a memorable event in the history of the dry goods trade of
San Francisco, Extra help has been engaged and every con-
venience for the accommodation of our customers has been
provided,
GOODS EXCHANGED OR MONEY REFUNDED IF NOT FOUND SATISFACTORY.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
Elegant New Designs.
We place on sale MON-
DAY the finest and most
varied assortment of stylish
silks in all the latest de-
signs and colorings <_ver
seen on the Pacific Coast.
We have no hesitancy in
pronouncing this the grand-
est opportunity ever af-
forded the public of pur-
chasing stylish and dressy
material from the leading
American and European
manufacturers at prices far
below that ever asked for
goods of a similar manu-
facture.
- ■■■■■■■■■■■
727 McAllister street. Rev. Dr. Levy of
ficiated. , :.- r i
Mr. and Mrs. H.Armer/ announce the
engagement of their daughter Edna to
Harry Levy. '■?•*■'•"■ "■
An enjoyable surprise party was given
to Miss Annie Lawless by her friends at
her- home. 461 Bryant street. Saturday
evening. November 26. Those present
were: Miss Ella Wood. Miss Maggie Mc-
Auliffe, Miss Minnie Wood. Miss Grace
Pratt. Miss Hazel Ford. Miss Florence
Mackintosh, Miss Kitty Ky. Miss Ethel
Campbell, Miss Kitty Savage, Miss Ruth
Ford, Miss Annie Savage. Miss Maggie
Quinn Miss Alice Bishard, Miss Mary
Theall', Miss Annie McLaughlin, Walter
Matson. Hugh Shield, Willie Pratt, Frank
Newman, Albert Adams. Dave Paterson,
Willie Mackintosh and James Renwick.
• • •
Mrs. Teply gave a delightful party to
her mother, Mrs. Bramer, last Sunday
evening at her home, 1510 Leavenworth
street. The occasion was the celebration
of the seventy-fifth birthday of Mrs.
Bramer and a most enjoyable time was
had by those invited.
Last Saturday evening a surprise party
was given to Miss Hilma C. Wistrand at
the residence of her parents, 1808 Folaom
street, in honor of the twentieth anni
versary of her birthday. The following
guests were present: Mr. and Mrs. A.
Wistrand, Miss Hilma Wistrand, Rev.
and Mrs. J. R. Andrews, Captain and
Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. Hanson, the Misses
Edith and Sophie Andrews. Miss May Rut
ley,'Miss Maud Jones, Miss Dollie Linde
berg, the Misses Lillie and Jennie Olson,
the Misses Hilda and Alma Marshall,
Miss Marie Berglund, Miss Lydia John
son, Miss . Mary. Jacobson, the Misses
Frida and Ellen Peterson, Miss Alice G.
Lindeberg, Fred Armstrong, Ed John
son. Oscar A. Landstrom, E. Leonard An
derson; Emil Neunaber, G. Westberg. A.
Nelson. Frank Olson, Gus Olson, Paul
Lawson, Albert Sanholt, M. Matson, Ar
thur Wistrand, and Reynold Andrews.
The "Our Night Out" Club gave their
first party on Monday evening- last at the
home of Miss Edith Clements, 2098 Green
street. , The parlors and reception hall
were decorated, with green foliage, flow
ers and delicate vines, with the large let
ters "O. N. O." interwoven. After the re
freshments were served dancing was In
dulged in until a late hour. The club will
hold their next "night out" at the home
; of Miss. Bradley In Alameda, December
19, the evening to be spent at whist
Those_present were: Garner Stenhouse.
M ss Edith Clements, Miss Alice Eilery,
Miss Lulle dv B. Bradley, Miss Ardell
Cummlngs. Mls T Wiseman, Miss Ethel
Linforth. Miss Marie Schurra. Miss Bell I
Fra-ser -Miss Alice Dimock. Miss Rowe,
Miss Bell Chadwick. Miss O'Brien, Mrs
M. I Saunders, Sidney Clements, Mark
C. Vulicc.vich ' Jr., Dr. C. E Parent
H^C^n- entl T Boy ' d Howe. Robert
pW m"V J ? 3 *P h "ayes, Charles M.
.w St ™ Earl Cummlngs, A. Castalozo
rn;J • ' Tthom^ovT t hom^ o v A - Tab son, Mrs. Cle
ments. Mr. and Mrs. J B Cowden Mr.
and: Mrs. \\ iiiiam Paul and Miss Searles
• • •
;. The following passengers sailed on the
steamship Moana on Thursday. December
1, for Honolulu: A. Albreent. B. R Ban
," ln f/r T. L. Bell, Miss E. M. Bosshard
Cecil Brown and wife. F. -J. Calef Mfs4
Sylvia; Call. James Campbell; Paul R
Canney Brure Cartwright. C. H. Clapp.
'v o'.'o L a^ Mrs - £■ IU - Cooko and ehna
E. Clark , Evans, George 11. Evans, Miss
C. ; Haskins, T Henry HoTmes , Ed L. Howe
Mrs. F v A .Jacobs. and child. A. , Kolbele'
Mrs.'. Jacob 'Landp ■; and ; two children. Miss
Esther Lando Master Ellis Lando, Miss
K.E; Martin.rMlssMclnerny, Mrs. H M
Mott-Smith, infant and maid; M. B Mlh
ran. J. E. Miller, I. > Moore, Mrs. A L
Scott, two children and nurse; R. C Scott'
W. J. Shotwell; G. E. Thrum, E S. Valen
tine, Mlss\E. J. Yon Schmidt, W.J. White
and wife, Major M. W. Wood, Mrs. Isaac
Yates, Alexander Young and wife For
Apia— W. A., Buma and W.E. Coch
rane. For Auckland— Dr.' W. C. Alex
ander, R. Cameron and wife. Mrs. A
Gammack;'A.>J. George. Samuel Jackson
and wife, Misses "Jackson (2), Samuel
Jackson Jr., < Miss Helen : Marshall Miss
Mary Marshall, ; Mrs. J. .W. Prime. Mrs
F. '- Scanlan. For Sydney— L. H. , Cowle<*
wife and two children; Harold Cowles • C
A. Cox. T. E. Dennis W. R. Dovey, Alex
ander Fraser and .wife, Thomas Laughlin
B. Lee. John Meagher, Right Rev." Dr.
Moore, Otto-Romcke, S.*F.j Sheffer Pro
fessor E.V M. Shelton, wife and child ; C :
A. Field. ,
• * •
■ • The - marriage of • Mrs. TTna Hawthorne
Handy Hume oi Los Gatos to Dr. > Russell
Hopkins i Cool will take place December
17, at noon, at the residence of Mr. and,
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
Elegant Outer Garments.
Special attention is directed
this week to our recently
imported Ladies', Misses' and
Children's Jackets, Capes
and Suits. The largest and
most stylish stock of outer
garments ever shown on the
Pacific Coast
$20,000
»
Worth of perfect- fitting gar-
ments, purchased at the
tremendous discount of 55
per cent, will be offered to
our patrons and the public
this week at correspondingly
low quotations.
1- ■■■■■■■■■■■
Mrs. Charles Haight Sawyer, 2242 College
avenue, Berkeley.
Miss Rosalie Florine Soule. daughter of
Mrs. M. F. Soule of Los Angeles, and John
W. Haughton, eldest son of Mr. and Mrs.
John Haughton of this city, were married
last Thursday evening. Rev. A. J. Wells
of the Second Unitarian Church officiated.
Miss Emily Haughton acted as brides
maid and Andrew Gilmour was best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Haughton will spend a
month in Los Angeles.
Miss M. B. Simon of Walla Walla,
Wash., is visiting her sister, Mrs. E. Sil
verstone, 112 Lyon street.
The regular party of the Cotillon Club
'99 took place at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s
Hall on Friday evening. December 2. It
was a very pleasant affair. Two pretty
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD.
DEAREST MARGUERITE: We've
had another helter-skelter, hither
thither week. The social merry
go-round has whirled at a breath
catching rate. But I'm not satis
fied. I'm satiated. For do what we may
there is a sameness to everything.
Teas and luncheons all look alike to me.
Dinners and dances are better, but at
the best they're not wildly exciting.
Of course the fault is mine. It's the
attitude I take toward things, not the
affairs themselves. Mabel says it's all a
pose. Dick declares I'm the victim of an
unrequited passion. Mamma says I'm
not well, and daddy simply asks "How
much?''
They ere ail wrong. I neither pose nor
pine, neither am I wasting away, nor yet
in want. But I am beginning to look at
everything from the point of view of a
spectator. I no longer feel a part of It
all. I have not reached the cynical cycle,
but I feel myself dangerously near. The
doctor s:\ys "malaria," and advises a
change of climate. I agree with him as to
the necessity of a change of climate. I
snail suggest Paris at the next family
caucus.
Which reminds me that Emile Bruguiere
Is going to look you up In New York.
He '.eaves here on Tuesday for Milwau
kee, where he la to be boat man at a
wedding. Miss Jouett Lee is to be maid
of honor. She Is the Louisville girl for
whom he is supposed to cherish a serious
regard.
Emile says that music is his mistress
and that he will serve no other. He has
really been working very hard, and de
clares that onco in Paris he will banish
pleasure entirely.
But before he gets to Paris he needs
must stop off at Milwaukee. Miss Lee
will be there. "The best laid plans of
mice and men gang aft aglee," so per
haps the trip to Paris will be made a
deux, good resolutions to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Tuesday night I went to the Hopkins
dinner party. Edna Hopkins is blossom
ing out in a manner that puts Helen some
what in the shade. She looked as fresh
and pretty as a wild rose. But none of
the girls will ever, be as pretty as their
mother. Mrs. Hopkins is really a hand
some woman.
The mandolin club played during the
dinner and served as a rippling accom
paniment to our chatter. Ollie Holbrook
was a guest of honor and the other girls
were Mary Eyre, Therese Morgan and
Caro Crockett. The men were chosen for
our especial benefit and lived up to their
reputation as entertainers. Bobby Eyre
was ehi«;f executioner of other people's
sayings, and his henchmen were Sam
Boardman. Harry Stetson, Bert Cadwala
der and the two Taylors.
The Cinderellas on Wednesday night
looked as though their fairy godmothers
had waved their wands lavishly. Dozens
of the girls had pretty new dancing frocks
and all went merry as a marriage bell.
We chased the glowing hours with flying
feet until a full hour after the prescribed
time.
1 did the light fantastic several times
with Mr. Cadwalader. We talked football
very knowingly. I learned some new,
high-sounding, intricate football expres
sions which I ghall treasure up for future
BLACKDRESSGOODS
Exceptional Values.
This week's offering of
all the newest designs and
effects in the most fashion-
able Black Dress Goods so
far surpasses anything be-
fore exhibited in San Fran-
cisco or anywhere on the
Pacific Coast than we are
enabled to pronounce this
the most exceptional op-
portunity ever afforded to
purchase the products of
the leading mills of America
and Europe at the enor-
mous discount of cents
on the dollar.
!-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-»-
figures of the german were danced the
early part of the evening, Joseph P. La
yln leading alone. The rest of the even
ing was spent ln the regular dances.
Those in the first set were: George T
Montgomery, with Miss Ethel Hudson;
Robert Gleason. with Miss Florence Mey
ers; . Robert Schord. -..with Miss Daisy
£ ab st I '£ slle T> Coggins, with Miss Daisy
Rrb; R. PlyP l v Howe, with Miss Hattie Hen
d"pka: Q Allen . H-^ erguson,- with Miss
M nna Stray hi; Bruce W. Large, with
Miss P hanle /S and B P. Gleason, with
Miss A. L. Roland. .
• • •
The Social. Whist Club held its second
meeting last Thursday evening .at the
residence of Mrs. William- B. Hunt The
members present were: Mrs. Lane, A.
use on my unsuspecting friends.
Mr. Cadwalader ■ says his maiden rela
tives call him Bertram; the girlies call
him Bertie"; the men "Bert"; but at col
lege they call him "Baby." In bulk he
really could compete with the baby ele
phant.
Thursday afternoon found us at Caro
Crockett lucheon, given to Olive Hol
w£ \f 'F s & Co - were Josie Lough
™°"f h Hele ", and Edna Hopkins, Kate
™L Mai aret Salisbury, Elizabeth Bowie,
Therese , .Morgan, Bertha Smith and Miss
arrangfd° a ff lir WaS *" unusual^ P™«lly
n M^ Alex^ der Boyd aye a luncheon
£ lf riday v, afternoon with Miss Foster as
m»ZIJZI hon r - Ethel Keeney.- Leonttne
Blakeman and Charlotte Elllngwood call
r.in U8^ nd T We all went together. Miss
H^SibJ"% Hamilton, Miss Tollis. Olive
Holbrook, Mrs. George Boyd and Mrs
McGregor, were the other guests.
Alter the luncheon we rushed home to
Xf?£ Gd f? r the Gr eenwood dinner.
After the dinner we hfed t0 the Fndav
ni tt CIUb Mr '- Robbl s TledwHh
mdnirtt t? b and , we danced until after
2Uiv B VnSi, Th n i. a few of us were whirled
Tzuto \i,i hh k e Boh emian Club, where Ade
■rL Save us a supper.
noon x? n r « enWood tea on Saturday after
noon was very swell. All "the crush"
were there and none of "the push "Ms
mfntaV in y i. a H d ha ;r e really been instru
fhnt i, o i^ W y- v She has a certain style
of th«^r P rt « f herself and,. unlike some
sinn fhfl if f he never Elves the impres
ca^ion assumed Just for the oc
flr^H 1 tea We went nom6 and for the
dnl-n f% a W ? ek the entire f amlly sat
down to dinner. Papa said he hadn't seen
Uh for so long that he. felt like asking for
an introduction. Mabel insisted on stay
j ing home with him the rest of the evening.
I, as the unwilling slave of the most cruel
taskmistress, went \to the doll • show.
iti ht "iPf, d , rece v with the rest of the
girls-Edith ; Mcßean, ■■■_ Caro Crockett,
1 herese Morgan and the Hbpkinses. The
dollshow always amuses me. Not that I
ever give - the dolls a \ glance, nor : their
clothes, either. But the people who come
Interest me. The four hundred lend their
presence, of course. But one elbows with
i the milliner and , the dressmaker and ; the
wife of the butcher, the baker and the
candlestick-maker. • v •.- r
• / r, wanted the girls 'to put on their best
bib and tucker. I think it is no more than
fair. ; For it is to see us. not the dolls, that
' the public i pays the price ;of admission.
It's for the tantalizing , satisfaction of
being able to say afterward: "There goes
Miss So-and-So." , .
They look at us very much as we! used
to -; look at . the : animals at "ye . ancient
Woodwardes in ye garden." And we grin
and bear it for charity's cause. Most of
the girls • really like it. We . all keep to
gether, and the crowd falls apart to make
room ' for i us. ;We hear bits of conversa
tion among them as to who is who. proven
by covert •. giances at ; a - clipping from f a
newspaper giving the names of those who
help receive. .: .•
The ■ girls would not put on ■• their best
purple; and fine linen. -And after all. it
was just as well. Our gowns were suf
ficiently ; fresh ■ and '. pretty • for ' those ' who
did 1 , not know better than -. to 1 believe that
they had seen the "real thing." :
"Peggy, dear, I know something so funny,
and I'm dying .. to , tell you. I . think, alter
all. I will tell you— some other time. ■'■ Lov
ingly, ■ ...FLORA McFLIMSEY
■ ■ ■ ■■■■■■■ B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B- B-P-^l
ik
House* Furnishing Goods. \
-.: — — - . - .-. . ■ b
At 7%0 Yard. m
150 pieces FLANNELETTES, fleece back, good styles, and a heavy, warm '
material, worth 10c, will be offered special at 7&c yard. ■■
ii
At 5c Yard. _
4 cases LONSDALE AND FRUIT OF THE LOOM, 36 inches wide, usually "
sold at l-3c, will be offered special at 5c yard. m
At $11.50 Pair. . "
65 pairs 13-4 WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, sizes 84x86, "a special cash ■
purchase," and made from the finest grade of Australian wool, an elegant |
finish, worth ?15, will be offered special at $11 50 a pair. B
:\: \ . ■ : ■ ■ : . ■ • I
! At 500 Yard. *f
25 pieces CREAM TABLE DAMASK, 70 inches wide, very heavy and solid, ■
and a soft, fine finish, value for 70c, will be offered special at 50c yard. I
At 75c Yard. B
18 pieces TABLE DAMASK, full bleach, 68 inches wide, a handsome satin |
finish, worth 90c, will be offered special at 75c yard. ■
At $1.00 Yard. ' ■
15 pieces TABLE DAMASK, full bleach, 72 inches wide, extra heavy and a ■
very fine satin finish, worth $1 25, will be offered special at $1 yard. I
At .65c Yard. B
3 cases WHITE BEDSPREADS, a good size, soft finish, value for 85c, will be | .
offered special at 65c each. \ • ■
At $LOO Each. ;|.f
3 cases WHITE BEDSPREADS, full double bed size, extra heavy and serv- ■
iceable, value for $1 25, will be offered special at $1 each. ?A'4
1
At $1.40 Each, ; , n
2 cases MARSEILLES SPREADS, very full si ze, r - pretty raised patterns, I
■ worth $175, will be offered special at $140 each. ■
» •■■■■'■ ■ I
; At 5c Yard. ; ■
95 pieces PRINTED FLANNELETTES, fleece back, in dark and medium col- ■
'■i orings, heavy and warm, suitable for ladies' wrappers, worth 8 l-3c, will I
i be offered special at 5c yard. < ■
=== T
SPECIAL. I
5c Lonsdale and Fruit of Loom Muslin. |
— = — — i
\TATP SPECIAL ATTENTION IS DIRECTED THIS WEEK TO OUR ■
IWIC CLOAK DEPARTMENT. i
.■■.... . " • ■ . ■
— I — . — — , .
If If Market, Jones and McAllister Sts* / 1
\r \jr San Fr«uicUco. / H
■■m■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■'■*■ ■ ■ ■■■■■■ ■ ■ ■ I
Schmltt, Miss Josephine Sorbier, Ed Lane,
Miss Leibold, Mr. Thompson, Miss Marie
Sorbier. E. T. O'Neil, Mrs. William B.
Hunt, Dr. Derby, Miss Hess, Dr. Copsey,
Miss Shanley. Mr. Tevelin, Miss Curran,
Mr. Rothchild, Miss Cecile Sorbier, Mr.
Betterton, Mme. L. A. Sorbier and Mr.
Leibold. The prizes of the evening were
won by Mrs. Lane and Mr. Letbold.
Mr. Hubert Howe Bancroft, the his
torian, has returned after four years' ab
sence in Cambridge. Mass. He will prob
ably remain here during the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Morgan Hill and their
daughter. Miss Diana Hill, left on Sat
urday evening's overland for their home
in Paris.
Dr. Catherine V. C. Scott has returned
from the East, where she went three
months ago to meet her brother. Dr. J.
P. Cochran, a medical missionary on a
furlough from his work in Persia.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Grant and Miss
Mabel Macleay have been in New York
visiting the horse show. They left for
Boston last week, and expect to be back
in San Francisco for the Christmas holi
days.
Major Lewis Smith, U. S. A., retired,
and Mrs. Smith have returned from their
trip through Souinern California and are
now located at Occidental Hotel,
where they will receive on Mondays.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank D. Bates were in
New York early in the week. They ex
pect to leave for Europe soon.
Mrs. Edward Barron is at i.ie Palace
Hbtel for the winter.
• * •
Mr and Mrs. Arthur C. Donnell. who
have been sojourning in the East for the
past eipht months, have returned and
have taken rooms at the Palace for the
W iSlss'Emma Irwin has just returned
from a trip to Japan, anu is located at
905 Sutter street. , . ,
The wedding of Miss Elmira C Panno i
and Walter David Schranz will take place .
Wednesday evening. December 14 at the
re«idence of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence Dickey, 1821 Oak street, tius
city
The Alumni Drill Corps, commanded by
Lieutenant C. F. Seitz, intends giving an
entertainment, drill and dance at Native
Sons' Hall some time in December.
Mrs George Orr's dancing academy will
five its first exhibition and social at Caii
ornla Hall. 620 Bush street, Friday even
ing, December 9. g
Miss Hattie Joseph and Louis Bernstein,
whose engagement has been announced,
will receive to-day from 2 to 5 o'clock at
6244 Grove street.
Mr and Mrs. A. Colman will be pleased
to receive their friends on their golden
wedding day, Sunday, December 4, at 751 j
Eddy street, between the hours of 2 and 5 i
°Mrs k 'Mary E. Hart of 108 McAllister i
street returned on the Santa Rosa Friday, j
after an extended visit in the southern
portion of the State.
Mr and Mrs. J. A. Morgan of Santa
Clara are in the city for a few days.
• • •
The Nonpareils will give a grand ball at
Social Hall. Alcazar building, on Saturday
evening, December 17.
The Nevadans have issued invitations
for their third party, to be given at Union
square Hall, "Wednesday evening, Decem
ber 7.
Mrs. Charles Kaufman and daughter
Tessie, of London. England, are on a visit
to this city and are the guests of Mrs.
Rose Rosenblatt, a sister of Mrs. Kauf-
man.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Olcott Richards
have returned to the city and have taken
the house on the southwest corner of Pa
cific avenue and Scott street.
Miss Eugenia Hughes of Sacramento is
visiting her cousins, the Misses Sherry, of
8311 Clay street.
JHoW to Furrvish.
HN ensemble of many different kinds
of furniture or a number of inhar-
Jl naonious colors is no longer con
sldered refined taste in house fur
nishing.
The heavily upholstered chair trimmed
with still heavier fringe, the massive and
overstuffed sofa, have been substituted
by the Louis the XIV and XV styles of
furniture with its graceful and purely
artistic lines. No reception room or par
lor can possibly be more properly fur
nished than with such a style of furniture
on Bruxellea solid color carpet.
For a dining room or library it Is also
considered 'a. proper treatment a solid
color carpet eit he moss een or Vene
tian red, the windows and doors having
: straight hangings of silk or satin (even
velour also is .frequently allowed) of the
same color T? r ,, shade as ..carpet." and- the
furniture Italian walnut, renaissance
nl y Vi or i brar y. sansovine hand
carved oak for dining room -v-: \ • -..TT
- Rugs are no, longer . allowable except in
the smoking rooms and halls. • -''.
About ten' years ago the f; craze for
colonial furniture raged in the . East— a
craze due not so much to any particular
attractiveness of that style • of furniture
as -*£°« J he: sorlc5 orlc associations connected
with it and also to the fact that a few
pieces of colonial furniture seemed to be
looked uppn as a guarantee of the an
tiquity and respectability of the family
But factories have been grinding out
''antique" colonial furniture, and smart
dealers have traveled all over this coun
try and Mexico picking up every old piece
of furniture they could find. These pieces
were patched up and "doctored" and
palmed off on their patrons as articles of
great historic value. To be sure, the old
patched up pieces did not for any length
of time satisfy the purchaser and colonial
furniture is no longer looked upon as a
relic but as signs of a past craze It is
a mistake to prize a piece of furniture or
an ornament simply because of its asre
Ihe ancient art which reveals the bfst
and finest work of that epoch, and which
bears the name of an artist well known
in t£ 8 i, h tory is the onl y thing of value"
o»t W n h f h dem r an ? s appreciation, while the
out-of-date Mexican or colonial furniture
not worthy of a place inWe'S
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§THE CARE OF THeTJAIR
Should Be of Interest to Erery
&;^^Vig Woman, as a
WsMf Woman's Crowning Glory
***•&&** Is Her Hair.
If it is gray it can be restored to its own •'
color. If Bleached it can be made any .
uniform shade by the \ - ■
IMPERIAL HAIB REGENERATOR, which
is clean, odorless, lasting and perfectly
harmless. Send a lock of hair to be col-
ored ■ and returned free.
IMPERIAL VIGOROSIS stimulates the
growth of the hair and prevents dandruff
| IMPERIAL FACIAL PREPARATIO.N&cre-
: ate and preserve beauty. Send address :
; for Booklet mailed free in plain sealed
I envelope. . ' '??'''.
, Sole manufacturers and patentees, Imperial
Chemical Manufacturing Company, 292 Fifth-
avenue. New York. ( .> j ,
In San Francisco, sold by:
I GOLDSTEIN & COHN 522 Market street
Sw^^l^^oVpXnt;-- 24 Geary street
And All Druggists and Hairdressers. . ■: •
otj:r,
Anniversary
GIFT DAY
WILL TAKE PLACE
TDESDAY" December!},*
AH those making purchases will
be presented with a HANDSOME'
SOUVENIR. / V
LEIPNITZ CO.,
COR. GRANT AYE. AND SUTTER.THE
LATEST:
FANCY work, tatting and cro
cheting are relegated to the dim
past. Seemingly the modern
grirl toils not, neither does she
spin. But the damsel of to-day
if a demure dissembler. The
Fame hand that can crack a whip, wield
a tennis racquet or manipulate a golf
»tick can likewise nimbly ply a needle.
However, sewing Is no longer a parlor
MODELS FOp SILK fETT!GO/\JS IN STRIPES /\ND B^OG^DES.
accomplishment. The death-knell of tirt
les and like hideous things pealed the
doom of sewing as a weapon wherewith
to entertain and captivate. The needle
and thread are no longer used to en
twine young men who like domestic ten
dencies.
And because the modern maid doffs her
thimble in public a great hue and cry is
raised about the lost art of sewing. There
1b much signing over the girls of the
yest,t?r years and the girls of to-day.
That wall is all very foolish and need
less, for the modern maid can sew equally
as well as her sisters of the past. In
fact, since sewing is no longer done on
parade she can make far more useful ar
ticles than the girls of long ago.
AVhen the girl of the present period puts
on the thimble it is for practical purposes.
The girls who can make their own clothes
are as plentiful as in the past. But the
false alarmists insist on crying wolf! be
cause sewing and society are not on
speaking terms. They do not pull aside
the curtains of the sewing room where
needle and thread are plied busily and
exclusively. Sewing has simply had its
boundary lines changed, it has not been
educated. Like children and dogs it is
not allowed in the drawing room.
I know dozens of giris who occupy their
fingers while they chat with their girl
friends who have dropped In to spend the
afternoon. They take great pride In do
ing their own fine white sewing. Under
wear, daintily fashioned, hemstitched,
trimmed with lace and insertion, is very
expensive. But by making them they are
possible with ver\ little outlay. Those
who make their own underwear always
have a piece «f work on band BO that
there is never the necessity of rushing to
fill a depleted wardrobe.
The materials used .should always be
soft and fine. Fine muslin, lawn or batiste
Is prettiest. Laces and embroideries must
be of fine quality or they will not with
stand the wear and tear of the laundry.
The woman who does B6t matte her own
underwear at least enjoys planning them.
Even in the shops among the more expen-
Blve white pieces one finds tiny tucks all
run by hand, and lace frills put on with
the tiniest of hand stitches. In fact.
there is a general revival in hand sewing.
Another old-fashioned idea in underwear
has been revived besides that of hand
■ewinf Underclothes are now made in
•■ s ,-ts."' The .«amo kind of trimming is
used throughout and put on in the same
way That Ib. if the nightgown has a
yoke formed of rows of tucks and inser
tion crossing each other, then the block
pattern is followed in all the pieces of the
pet Or, if points are used on one garment
p-waj-c used on all the other pit
Varroyke points are having a great
rogue "One finds cambric and muslin pet
ticoats as well as those of Bttlc with trim
ming of this form. Embroidery comes in
deep points edged with narrow frills of
und this i« a most effective style.
• Uttle Louis XVI bows embellish dainty
white garments. Ribbons of the same
-olor as the bows run througli beading.
These, of course, must all be removed
when garments are sent to the wash, but
the fastidious woman considers it little or
no trouble to place the ribbons and fasten
on the pretty little bows with a stitch or
-WO.
Just now there is a great liking for thf>
little white washable sacquet?. While at
*^» oresent season of cold woather the
tomfortable little flans ell at te jackets may
Pleated
Vandyke
be most in use, it is still a good time to
make the sheer white ones so that when
the warmer season is at hand the sacques
will be ready.
The pretty and decidedly Frenchy design
shown in the illustration has wide sleeves
that give a novel air and are just exactly
suited to such a garment which is meant
to be entirely neglige.
A neglige gown entirely fashioned by a
society girl is of white material softer
and liner than flannel. The robe opens
over, showing the pretty petticoat beneath,
The edge of the neglige is scalloped.
These scallops are buttonholes stitched in
pale blue. The ends of the scallops are
deep, curling up into the cloth very ef
fectively. They are wide and fall away,
showing the pale blue silk lining. Lace
and dainty blue ribbons are fluffed around
in long graceful lines. The effect of the
scallops is charming as well as novel.
Many of the batiste materials shown for
underwear have fine hair lines of blue nr
pink running through them. Elaborately
trimmed nightgowns are made of these.
But always, the most beautiful undergar
ments are of pure white. The only touch
es of color, if color be desired at all, must
be supplied by knots of ribbon. Dainty
shades of narrow ribbon are used even
more conspicuously in the trimming of
undergarments than heretofore.
The French seamstresses every year
turn out new and beautiful models of
lingerie. They give a great deal of time
and thought to designing new Ideas. They
take pleasure in the work and the re
sults are usually very happy. Thd cut
of a pown Is even a more Important fac
tor than the material used and the work
manship and finish. For often a gown
is a failure because the underwear worn
makes it impossiblfe to fit the garment
without a wrinkle.
RECEPTION
DRESSES
SF invited by a friend to assist her In
receiving during the afternoon a dif
ferent style of dress is required. A
black or light silk dress is suitable If
made high-necked and with a graceful dip
In the skirt at the back. Another gown
equally suitable would be of black net
made whh a skirt ruffled to the belt, and
r^.^U i-=rr.c edged with two rows of tiny
velvet ribbon or gathered frill of satin
ribbon, making it over black or white silk
or one of the cotton imitations of silk
The waist should be gathered around the
neck with a tiny white lace yoke over
white silk inserted back and 'front and
strapped lengthwise or crosswise with
narrow Jet bands; glove sleeves shirred to
Corni a ruffle up the outside of the arm,
and a conar, belt and long sash ends of
bright velvet, the latter edgort with a
tiny frill of the net and passed through
a slender rhinestone buckle. This is not
an expensive dress, as an old silk dress
may form the lining and the net be
bought for 85 cents a yard.
PRILLS OF
FASHION.
NOTHING yet seems to be prettier
than tucks for silk blouses, and
they are tucked horizontally, per
pendicularly, diagonally :ind in
checkerboard fashion or diamonds.
The little, fine, hemstitched linen collar
edges to be worn over stock are pretty
with certain styles of bodices, but with
th 6 Bffx'tre shirt waist there is nothing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
more suitable than the narrow, pointed
edges of pique.
Threads of silver and gold In stuffs and
laces brighten many gowns this year.
Just a tiny thread of gold in the white
lace forming the blouse to a gown is
pretty, and a stripe of silver or gold gives
an added richness to a velvet.
A black velvet atock has a little double
ruffle of white ribbon at the upper edge
and a design in the same ruffled white
ribbons of a double bowed Empire knot,
and curving ends joining. There is no
reason why an ingenious girl should not
have a variety of pretty and original de
signs in neckwear if she chooses. She can
get a general idea of what is what from
the things that are and then modify and
enlarge upon them to suit her own fancy
and the material she has at hand, with the
best results.
The jeweled black velvet collars to »be
worn with decollete bodices are not alto
gether new, but this Is the first season
they have really been popular. The Prin
cess of Wales has favored this fashion for
some time and in London and Paris such
collars have been worn from time to time,
but there is really a very practical reason
for the American woman's adopting
them. The high, stiff linen collar did
a good deal the past summer to spoil pret
ty throats, and while the damage is being
repaired the high velvet stock serves a
nice purpose, besides being immensely
becoming. The most fashionable of all
the jeweled velvet collars is the one with
jeweled slides about two inches apart.
The average woman's neck measures
about thirteen inches, and so there Is
chance to display at least five or six
pretty jeweled slides. Or the collar is
just a straight velvet band, with a large
round or oval pin fastened just in front
and another fastening the collar at the
back.
A black net waist, made either simply
or elaborately, may also be worn with a
black silk nkirt. This combination Is al
ways permissible, and, as a rule, is be
coming to almost all women. A red China
crepe trimmed with jet Is always pretty
for a brunette to wear on any formal oc
casion or even at home in the winter
evenings, when bright colors are always
delightful to look upon.
HEIRLOOMS
OWNS that will be worthy of preser
rX vation for appreciative posterity are
\-) those made this season of the new
evening silks and satins. In the days
of Louis XV such imperially beautiful
fabrics were not dreamed of as Cotele
dOr, satin sultane and taffeta croquete.
The first mentioned is a thick silk with
broad bayadere ribs of satin crossing it
at short intervals. Such quality and body
has this goods that the ordinary taffeta
lining seems like tissue paper under it,
while satin sultane is duchesse satin in
creased in beauty and richness tenfold,
and among these new goods a new shade
called Montenegrau red is to be seen and
admired.
In contrast to these fabrics, dyed a solid
color, are the truly exquisite figured and
embossed moires that merit all the rev
erent admiration they receive. Over a
milk blue ground of moire marshmallows
and ragged robin, or golden clematis and
pink-tipped daisies. The flowers stand
out clearly defined and In the tenderest
colors against the veined marble-like pale
ness of the moire, while on the new
taffetas the flowers are closely massed in
broad blurred bands of glowing color.
Some of these taffetas are excellent re
productlons of the handsome chined silks
•ho popular twenty-five years ago. Flow
tred moire and taffeta ribbbn take a
place to the forefront, but the novelty is
ribbon showing a liberal powdering of big
and little loose silk dots. Somehow this
business of dotting things, or rather
tufting them with little flossy balls, has
crept Into great favor. A proportion of
the winter goods show dots, while many
of the felt hats are speckled with them.
QUEEN VICTORIA
as
A Housekeeper.
The Queen was in the kitchen
Making tarts with honey.
Folk Lore.
Queen Victoria is one of the most
accomplished housekeepers the world
has ever seen. Her day for going into
the kitchen is well past, now, but a
few years ago — while she did not, as in
her young days of wlfehood, delight
the Prince Consort with patties of her
own making, ti-e royal attendants nev
er knew when she would descend upon
them in their kitchen, and were vigi
lant accordingly.
But with all her supervision she was
sometimes cheated, and a fraud which
she herself discovered put an end for
some time to the offender and his dep
redations.
A friend of ..iy family, an R. A., had
been entrusted by the Queen to restore
and decorate an apartment in one of
the royal palaces, and of course lived
there during the progress of his work,
with rooms allotted to him, and service
from the royal kitchen. The food was
perfection, but, himself a man of an
educated taste, he objected to the wine
and would not drink it. Very adroitly,
under cover, he had wine sent him from
his own cellar in London, and he stored
it carefully in the wardrobe of his
room. He was one day finishing his
luncheon, enjoying his favorite claret,
when suddenly, unannounced, the
Queen entered. In terror (for he knew
some of her idiosyncrasies) he quickly
slipped the bottle under the long cloth
which hung to the floor, yet not so
swiftly as to escape the Queen's eyes,
who saw that he was hiding something.
And a silent conspirator was the
Queen's robe , (the Queen always af
fected stiff silk and satin that can
stand alone), the heavy, ornamented
border of which struck the bottle,
tipped it and sent the wine flowing on
the parquet.
In a flash the Queen had a suspicion;
she stooped to verify it, took the bot
tle in her hand, looked at it, looked at
the untouched bottle bearing the royal
arms, on the table, and asked an ex
planation. Very reluctantly, but forced
by an insistent woman — and she his
sovereign, the R. A. confessed that he
preferred his own to the royal wine.
The Queen poured some wine from her
own bottle and tasted it. Without a
word she sailed to one bellrope, then
to another — there weTe two — and pulled
violently at both. Then she went to
a bellrope in an antechamber and
pulled that, then into a corridor and
sent a fourth bell pealing. In two min
utes a dozen attendants had reached
the spot, expecting that the palace was
on flre or the royal academician was
in a fit.
Then they all learned what some of
thew knew before — the meaning of a
"royal rage." The Queen stormed like
a tempest, the burden being her indig
nation at the outrage to a guest of the
Queen of England so poorly enter
tained that he must, perforce, buy his
own wine.
It did not take long to brin«^ a bottle
of another vintage, and the R. A. had
no objeection to the wine served to
him after that.
Pupils in the public schools of Copen
hagen are required to take three baths a
week in the public school building, and
while they are bathing their clothes are
sterilized in a steam oven. The Danes
object to the regulation on the ground
that it makes the children discontented
with their home surroundings.
On the accession of a new Emperor of
China he goes in solemn state to the tem
ple of heaven in Peking and formally
announces to his imperial predecessors
the new titles and dienltles w »eh he has
assumed. These ancestors are then du
tifully invited to the banquet of com
memoration, where seats are duly re
served for them.
BEAUTY
TALKS
by
Mme. Hygeia.
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in
the science of cosmetics and the hygiene of proper living. If any one
desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be
cheerfully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask
as many questions as you please and sign any name that you choose.
Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San
Francisco. , ~ - > • i ._,„,-*«. ■!**:.!*
SEVERAL of my correspondents
have written to remind me
that In my "beauty talk" on the
care of the hands I entirely neg
lected to give any directions for
the care of the finger nails. So
this talk may be considered a sort of
postscript to my talk of two Sundays
ago.
To say that the nails should be kept
immaculately clean seems unnecessary,
for one would think that any one with a
proper regard for personal neatness
would surely do this. And yet how often
one sees an otherwise delicate, refined
looking person whose fingertips look as
though they were in mourning for the
virtue cleanliness, which so evidently has
been lost.
One evening recently at the theater I
eat behind a young girl who bore all the
outward and visible signs of refinement
and daintiness, together with that repose
that stamps the caste of Vere de Vere.
Her gown fashioned after the very latest
Parisian model, she was "chic" beyond
question until— she raised her hands—
from which she had removed her gloves
—to catch up a refractory lock— when,
horror of hororrs!— l discovered ten lit-
tie mourning-clad nails. It sounds In
credible, but with mine own eyes I saw
it, therefore I know whereof I speak. In
an instant vanished the refinement, the
daintiness and in their place was writ in
large letters this word— SLATTERN.
So in the first place, keep the nails
clean. Before washing the hands remove
all substances from under the nails with
an orangewood or ivory stick. Never use
a sharp instrument under the nails, for
it will scratch the inner surface of the
nail, which will then hold the dirt more
tenaciously. Then brush the nails vigor
ously with a nailbrush, dipping them oc
casionally into powdered borax, and
again brushing them.
To remove white snecks from the nails
melt equal parts of pitch and turpentine
in a small cup. Add to it a little vinegar
and powdered sulphur. Rubbed with this
mixture the specks will soon disappear.
Pitch and myrrh melted together are
also said to be good for the same pur
pose.
Sometimes the nails split and are very
brittle. When this happens it is often
necessary to resort to medical treatment
Jn order to supply the lack of lime in the
system which this condition indicates.
Soaking the nails in warm olive oil will
sometimes help.
The nails should be thoroughly mani
cured once a week. If they have been neg
lected, the flesh having been allowed to
£row upon the nail, a good plan is to go at
once to a good manicure and have them
thoroughly attended to, after which it
will be an easy matter for each woman to
doctor her own nails and to prevent the
skin from again adhering to the growing
nail.
However, if you prefer to do even the
first manicuring yourself you must have
the following tools: A pair of sharp,
curving scissors, a file, an orange wood
stick, a box of polishing powder, some
cold cream, a chamois polisher and a lit
tle lemon juice.
Fill a bowl half full of warm, soapy
water, with a pinch of borax in it. Put
the tips of your fingers in this and let
them soften urfder its influence for about
five minutes. Then the fingers must be
dried, the skin that has grown up over
the half moon at the base of the nail
must be pressed back with the orangs
Care
of the
Hands.
pleated Vandykes f\vz a popular Form of Jrimmirvg.
FpENGH G/IJVIBJUG /4IQJ4JQOWJ4 .AJ*D DpESSI^Q S/\C@UE.
stick and then carefully trimmed with
the curving scissors into shape wherever
it has become ragged and uneven. Then
shape the nails with the file not into a
sharp point but so as to correspond in
shape with the ends of the fingers.
Next smear a bit of cold cream on each
nail, and then cover them with the polish
ing powder. Now the chamois polisher is
used, and each nail is rubbed separately
until it burns and tingles irom the heat.
Then, with the powder still on the nails,
bathe the hands in warm water and cas
tile soap, each nail being separately
scrubbed with a nailbrush. Dry and pol
ish each nail on the palm of the other
hand, or else with a fresh polisher or
piece of chamois skin. They will then be
of a lovely pink shade and just shiny
enough for beauty.
Every morning, after washing the
hands, press back the flesh at the base of
the nail with the towel. After pressing
back this fleshy curtain, which may ob
scure the pearly moon, gently pincli tht»
tip of each finger and thumb separately
between the folds of the towel, thus shap
ing thte fingers into a more tapering form.
Answers to Correspondents.
E. B. McC— The letter that you wrote
me last August was answered at consider
able length in the Sunday Call of August
14. It was answered under the name
"Edith," as you requested. How did you
happen to miss it? Except the electric
needle there has never been anything dis
covered that will permanently destroy
superfluous hair. Of course, where the
hairs are as numerous as in your case,
the operation of using the needle would
be too tear-compelling and nerve exhaust
ing to be thought of for a moment. The
peroxide of hydrogen cannot possibly in
crease the growth of the hair. A few
drops of ammonia added to it increases its
efficacy. It lightens the hair, and will, in
course of time, I feel quite certain, deaden
it so that it will have little ambition to
continue its business of growing and mak
ing ypu miserable. I know absolutely
nothing about the dermatologist, whose
advertisement you inclosed. My advice
to you is to let severely alone all adver
tised remedies for the permanent removal
of superfluous hair. They are all of them
nothing more or less than depilatories,
and will merely burn the hairs off to the
surface of the skin, after which they
will return with renewed energy. Con
stant use of a piece of pumice stone will
keep the face free from the little peßts.
Only, if you once begin using it, you must
continue tt, as the hair will keep on grow
ing. I am so sorry that I cannot say
anything more encouraging than this to
you.
IKE ECOSSAISE— I have somewhere
among my recipes one for liquid powder,
but. although I have spent nearly an hour
looking through them have failed to find
it. Am sorry, but I may find it later. The
prepared article that you mention is as
good as anything you could prepare your
self, and is. I think, quite harmless.
There are no such things as soap molds.
Soap is cut into the shape in which It
comes to us by machinery— presses weigh
ing hundreds of pounds. You can pour
the soap into teacups or else in a shallow
dish and cut into squares. It will not
stick to the dish when cold. To remove
the dust of travel from the face when on
the cars bathe with the "lait virginal," or
with the milk of roses, formula for which
was given last Sunday, and which I know
you will flnd delightful. Here's success to
you.
GLADYS— For the perspiring hands
wash in very hot water. Dry well and
apply the following powder: Salicylic
acid, three parts; talc, seven parts;
starch, twenty parts. Before drawing on
your gloves dust your hands with pre
pared chalk, finely powdered, and place a
tiny piece of absorbent cotton inside the
palms. This will absorb the moisture and
so save your gloves from utter ruin. The
double chin can be got rid of by massage.
Smear a pure home-made cold cream on
the chin, pick up the flesh with the thumb
and forefinger and roll it and rub it as
much as you possibly can without bruis
ing the skin. This will dissolve the tissues,
which will probably result in the skin of
the chin becoming loose and flabby. In
order to prevent this bathe the chin in,
weak alum water— a piece of the size of a
bean dissolved in a pint of cold water be
ing quite sufficient. Talcum powder is ex
cellent for the skin. Fifteen grains of
borax in one ounce of lemon Juice will
whiten the hands nicely, only be sure and
rub a little cold cream on the hands after
using it.
MAYFLOWER— You will flnd the fol
lowing lotion delightful for chapped
hands: Gum tragacanth, whole 30 grains;
rose water, 7 ounces; glycerine, one-half
ounce; alcohol, one-half ounce. Let the
tragacanth soften in the rosewater for a
jlay or two and then strain forcibly
through muslin or cheese cloth. Then add
the glycerine anu alcohol, winch have
been previously mixed. Shake well and
perfume to suit. To reduce flesh, strict
attention must be given to the diet. Avoid
all sugary and starchy foods, all fats and
fattening vegetables, such as rice, pota
toes, turnips and beets. Eat sparingly of
butter, drink little coffee and no milk.
Never sleep more than seven hours and
walk and exercise all that you can.
Horseback riding is excellent. Take plenty
of warm baths and two grams of bi
carbonate of soda at each meal will help.
IDA B— There is nothing better than the
following skin food for the eradication of
wrinkles: Spermaceti, one-half ounce:
white wax, one-half ounce; sweet almond
oil, one ounce; lanoline, one ounc<^; co
coanut oil, one ounce: tincture of benzoin,
ten drops; orange flower water, one
ounce. Melt the first five ingredients in a
porcelain kettle. When thoroughly incor
§ orated, remove from the flre and add the
enzoin and orange flower water, stirrin«
rapidly until cold.
VINA— To remove the wrinkles about
the eyes hold the flesh firm with the fin
gers of one hand while you massage with
the other, using a circular upward and
outward motion. Use the skin food for
mula for which has Just been given in
reply to Ida B. Take care in massaging
always to rub across the lines that are
to be obliterated. In using the oatmeal
water it is not necessary to use soap, the
oatmeal taking the place of the soap. Dry
the face with a soft towel.
CECIL— Am so pleased that you have
had such good results from the cocoanut
oil and alum water treatment. As the
bust becomes firm cease using the alum
water, but continue the massage with the
oil, and I feel quite sure that in time the
result you desire will be attained. Mas
sage the hollow cheeks with the skin food
recommended to Ida 8., using a circular
upward and outward movement. The
skin food is better for this purpose than
an ordinary cold cream, as it will feed
and fatten the tissues and at the same
time strengthen, whiten and soften the
skin. Of course anything that will add
to the reneral flesh will help fill out the
hollows.
DEBUTANTE— You ask for a recipe for
cucumber cream, and I am in doubt as to
whether you mean the milk or the cold
cream. The latter can be made after the
following formula: Spermaceti, one-half
ounce; white wax, one-half ounce; oil of
sweet almonds, two and a half ounces;
cucumber juice, three-fourths ounce.
Melt the first three ingredients tn a porce
lain kettle. When melted remove from
the heat and add the cucumber juice.
Then beat quickly with an eggbeater until
the mixture is cold and firm. It can be
used very nicely on the chapped hands.
If It was the cucumber milk you meant,
write me again.
BABY MINE— "Yes" will answer your
first two questions. The last you will fln4
answered in to-day's "Beauty T»lk."
2728
Life and Work of Susan B. Anthony.
Reviewed by ELLEN C. SfIRGENT, Honorary President California State Won>an Suffrage Association.
MAK.Y A. SWIpT, Acting President California State Woman Suffrage Association.
IT is a long time since a book of equal
Importance to "The Life and Work
of Susan B. Anthony" has appeared.
The new work is a remarkable one,
and likely to create a sensation.
There is no doubt but what it will
cause the greatest comment and discus
sion among everybody connected with the
suffrage movement. The two ponderous
volumes are by Ida Husted Harper, and
published with the consent and approval
of the veteran worker In the cause of
woman's rights. Miss Anthony has read
every word in the book, and knows that
all is correct.
The hook is merely a true account of the
life of one of the greatest women America
has produced. From a literary point of
view it amounts to nothing. In fact, large
portions of the work are handled with a
.rudeness that is regretabie. But it would
appear as if the author knew this, for in
tlie preface she says:
"There has not been the slightest at
tempt at rhetorical display, but only an
< naeavor to toll in plain, simple language
the story of the life and work of one wno
was born into the simplicity and straight
forwardness of the Society of Friends and
never departed from them. The intent of
this work lias been to trace briefly the
evolution of a life and a condition. '1 ne
transition of the young Quaker girl, afraid
of thr sound of her own voice, into the re
former, orator and statesman is no more
wonderful than the change in the status
of woman, effe< ted .so largely through her
exertions. During tlu> fifty years which
have wrought tins revolution just one
woman In all the world has given every
: b< r time, every dotlar of her money,
tv< ry power ol her being to secure this
result. She was impelled to this work by
ersonal grievance, but solely through
a. deep sense of the injustice which on
every Bide Bhe saw perpetrated against
her sex, and which she determined to
combat Never for one short hour has the
woman been forgotten 6v nut
aside her object. Never a single
tie has been formed, either of affection or
business, which would interfere with this
Bupreme purpose. Never a speech has
1 een given, a trip taken, a visit made, a
letter written in all this half-century that
lias not been done directly in the interest
of this one object. There has been no
thought of personal comfort, advancement
or glory: th< seif-abnegation, the se.f
sacritice have been absolute— they have
been unparalleled."
Whatever the reader's ideas in regard
to the "woman question" may be, the
work cannot be road without gain. It
contains several statements concerning
important events in our country's history
that are not generally known. Aside from
its importance as a study of the woman
suffrage movement the book throws a
side light upon certain "behind the
scenes" phases of the political develop
ment of our country.
Miss Anthony was acquainted with and
had the sympathy in her work of some of
reatest men, such as Phillips. Chan-'
ntng, Greeley and Beecher. She has re
ceived letters from all of our Presidents
that have lived since she began her work.
The contents of some of these letters will
be a surprise to people who knew the
authors.
The celebrated Beecher-Tilton case is
again unearthed. A whole chapter is de
voted to it. and here a few facts not gen
erally known are brought out. Miss An
thony was most intimately associated
with the parties involved and knew a
great deal about their affairs. The
"case" is handled delicately almost too
delicately, it would seem judging by the
lieht in which Miss Anthony places Mr.
Beecher. This chapter will he a painful
one to tne men and women who have al
ways been convinced of Mr. Beeeher's
innocence.
The accounts of Miss Anthony's strug
gles for recognition before the great con
ventions are ably portrayed. Her suc
cess and failures are given in their true
light, and the causes for them shown
■wherever such is possible. Altogether the
book Is a great work and one that will
live as long as there Is an interest in the
struggle for "woman's rights." . -/ .'
CLARA C.
"The Life and "Work of Susan B. An
thony," by Ida Husted Harper. The
Bowen-MerriH Company, publishers. In
dianapolis. Two volumes; price $5 50.
• » »
As Reviewed by :
ELLEN C. SARGENT.
Honorary President California State
Woman Suffrage Association.
MAR'S A. SWIFT.
Acting President C. S. W. S. A.
THE advance sheets of "The Lue and
Work of Susan B. Anthony," by
Ida Husted Harper, in two vol
umes, have .iust been received from
the publishers. For more than a
year Mrs. Harper lived at \iiss
Anthony's house in Rochester, N. V.,
■where both of them worked all day and
far into the night during that time look-
Ing over letters and papers, tne accumu
lations of fifty years, choosing what
6hould be used in writing the biography;
and many a reminiscence stored away in
Miss ' Anthony's memory and jotted aown
In her life long diary was taken note of
by Mrs. Harper in this close daily inter
course. They worked in one of two
rooms that had been lately finished off in
the attic of the house, surrounded by
Ftacks of letters and scrapbooks. to the
noisy accompaniment of two typewriters
In the next room, that were almost con
stantly in use.
The dedication of the book is very ap
propriate to the subject of the work, and
is as follows: "To woman, for whose
freedom Susan B. Anthony has given
fifty years of noble endeavor, this book is
dedicated."
Susan Brownell Anthony was born in
Bouth Adams, Mass.. on February 15,
1820. Daniel Anthony, her father, was a
liberal Quaker, who educated his daugh
ters with the idea of self-support, and
employed skillful teachers in his own
house. After completing her education at
a Friends' boarding school in Philadel
phia, she taught in New York State from
1535 to ISSO. She first spoke in public in
1547 at a teachers' meeting, when she con
tended for the right of women teachers to"
take part In the proceedings. Through
her exertions, and those of Mrs. Stanton,
women came in time to be admitted to
educational and other conventions with
FRATERNAL NEWS,
ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
The week has been taken up principally
with the Installation of officers. Those of
Unity Chapter were installed on the last
Friday in November. Those of Oakland
Chapter were installed last Thursday
night, as were also those of Golden Gate
Chapter. On Friday night those of Har
mony Chapter were installed.
The officers of < ak Leaf Chapter will
be installed ..n the Bth inst, those of Ivy
Chapter on the 13th and those of Carita
on the 14th.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Grand Master Breuck and Grand Secre
tary Shaw have returned from their
southern trip, during which they held
Beveral Grand Lodge meetings, visited
seventeen subordinate lou -s and five Re
bekah lodges, and report a great deal of
enuiusiasm in the order. In all the lodges
but one there were candidates to initiate,
and in one. San Diego No. 153, thirteen
candidates received the degrees. In rela
tion to the jubilee celebration it appeared
to be the idea of .c people of the south
that outside of San Francisco there
Bhould be district celebrations on the 9th
of September, the day of the anniversary
ami that in San Francisco there should be
a grand commemorative jubilee la*"-, in
whUh all th« lodges could join. During
their visit the mind officers instituted
Euclid Lodge at North ontario.
Robert Hums, president of the Veteran
Association, has returned from a visit in
the northern part o the State, after an
absence of several weeks.
THE REBEKAHS.
On the 19th inst. the members of Loyal
Rebekah Lodge will present Mrs. Jar
(ey's wax works at an entertainment to
be given on that evening. The hand
somest of the many handsome ladles of
this lodge, the beauty lodge of San Fran
cisco, will take pr.-t. This lod-^e has, in
the line of Initiations, had the banner
term during the six months now closing.
Last Wednesday night Cosmopolitan
Subordinate Lodge, Sunset Rebekah
the right to speak, vote and serve on
committees. The reports of the conven
tions held in Seneca Falls and Rochester,
N. V.. In IMS. attracted the attention of
Miss Anthony, who, for her courage and
executive ability, was facetiously called
by William Henry Charming the Napoleon
of the woman suffrage struggle. At this
time sin; was teaching in the academy of
(unajoharie, a little village in the valley
of the Mohawk. The Woman's Declara
tion of Independence," issued from those
conventions, startled and amused her,
and she laughed heartily at the novelty
of the demand. But on returning home
to spend her vacation she was surprised
to rind that her sober Quaker parents
and sisters, having attended the Roches
ter meetings, regarded them as very pro-
Qtable and interesting, and the demands
made as proper and reasonable. She was
already interested in the anti-slavery and
temperance reforms, and had spoken a
few times in their public meetings, and
the new gospel of "Woman's Rights"
found a ready response in her mind, and
from that time her best efforts were given
to the enfranchisement of women.
It was in the month of May, lSox, that
Miss Anthony first met Elizabeth Cady
Stanton. the beginning of a life-long
friendship between them. Mrs. Stanton
thus described this meeting afterward:
"There she stood with her good, earnest
face and genial smile, dressed in gray
silk, hat and all the same color, relieved
by pale blue ribbons, the perfection of
neatness and sobriety."
About 1557 Miss Anthony became prom
inent among the agitators for the aboli
tion of slavery, and during the war de
voted herself to the Women's Loyal
League, which petitioned Congress in fa
vor of the thirteenth amendment. In
1860 she was active in securing the pas
sage of the act of the New York Legisla
ture giving to married women the pos
session of their earnings and the guard
ianship of their children. After twelve
years' added agitation from the passage
of the property bill New York conceded
other civil rights to married women.
Pending the discussion of these various
bills Susan B. Anthony circulated peti
tions both for the civil and political rights
of women throughout the Btate, travel
ing in stage coaches and open wagons and
sleighs in all seasons, and on foot from
door to door through towns and cities,
doing her uttermost to rouse women to
some sense of their natural rights as
human beings, to their civil and political
rights as citizens of a republic; and while
expending her time, strength and money
to secure these blessings to the women of
the State they would gruffly tell her they
had all the rights they wanted, or shut
the door in her face, leaving her to stand
outside, petition in hand, with as much
contempt as if she were asking alms for
herself. None but those who did that pe
tition work in the early days for the
slaves and the women can" ever know the
hardships and humiliations that were en
dured.
Among the influences that brought new
thought to the qupstion of woman suf
frage was the establishment in the city
of New York of a woman suffrage paper
called the Revolution. The editors were
Parker Plllsbury and Elizabeth Cady
Stanton, the owner and publisher Susan B.
Anthony. Many who had strongly fa
vored woman suffrage thought that at
that particular junction the women ought
to keep their claims in the background;
that it was the "negroes' hour." The Rev
olution held an opposite opinion and it
was soon found that many women in
every State understood the situation and
saw that while the question of reconstruc
tion was under debate woman was false
to herself not to put in her claims. In
face of all opposition those who did see
the policy and justice of claiming this
time as the woman's hour also made the
most persistent, brave fight possible.
Again were appeals and petitions sent to
Congress and the people, but now for
woman's enfranchisement. The few who
insisted on absolute right stood firmly to
gether under a steady fire of ridicule" and
reproach. They knew their position was
unassailable, for they had well learned
the lesson taught in the early days of
anti-slavery and the Republican party
that all compromises with principle are
dangerous. The whole question of suf
frage was up for discussion: there could
not be a better time to get all the agita
tion possible in regard to woman's claims.
The question once settled on the narrow
ground of class, it would not be renewed
for a generation. Time proved their fears
well grounded.
In July. 1871, Miss Anthony and Mrs.
Stanton visited California. They awak
ened new interest wherever their eloquent
appeals were heard and every lecture
given by them drew out large assemblies
of the most influential citizens. It was
during this trip that they vi?ited Nevada
City, where they met for the first time
H<m. and Mrs. A. A. Sargent, who were
visiting there for the summer and who
remained ever afterward warm friends
and advocates of all that tended to the
elevation of the political and civil status
of women. After Mrs. Stanton returned
to New York Miss Anthony remained for
several months and traveled about in Cal
ifornia, Nevada, Oregon and Washington
Territory. She went East in company
with the Sargent family at a time when
the trip required nearly three weeks be
cause of a long-continued snow blockade
In the Rockies.
Fortified by the opinion of Charles
Sumner and other eminent jurists that
women were citizens and entitled to vote
under the constitution, and more so than
ever after the passage of the Fourteenth
Amendment, Miss Anthony registered
and voted at the Presidential election in
1872. For this she. was accused of in
fringing the law of the land and put on
trial. Her counsel. Judge Henry R. Sel
den, a prominent jurist, testified that he
told Mrs. Anthony before election that
she had a right to vote. The points made
by Mr. Selden in the argument were that
the defendant had a legal right to vote;
that even it no such right existed if she
believed she had such right and voted
In good faith she committed no of
fense; and, lastly, he argued that she
did vote in pursuance of such belief.
The point was made that Miss Anthony
had acted illegally only because she was
a woman. Had her brother, under the
Farm- circumstances, dore the same
thing his act would not only have been
Innocent but laudable. The crime was.
therefore, not in the act done, but in the
sex of the person who did it. Women,
remarked the Judge, have the same in
terest in the maintenance of good gov
Lodge of Oakland and Mission Re
bekah Lodge of this city were
the guests of Oriental Rebekah
Lodge in Odd Fellows' building at
a reception tendered them. The meeting
was a very pleasant one. The visitors
were entertained with a pleasing musical
nnd literary programme after a well de
livered and happy speech of welcome by
Mrs. Lena J.irvis. noble crand of the host
lodge. After the programme there was
an adjournment to the banouet room,
where all enjoyed a delicious collation.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Unity Lodge, after the election of its
officers for the ensuing term on last Tues
day, had an old-fashioned smoker, which
was attended by a goodly number of those
who like to enjoy a good thing. There
were pipes and tobacco and light refresh
ments, and under the direction of Messrs.
Trowbridge, Ross, Levy, Grimshaw and
Tuggey there was presented an entertain
ing programme of numbers that included
vocalization by Messrs. Kahn, Dennis,
Ben Johnson, Stanwood, Mendell, Leo
Crooks and Geiser; specialties by Frank
Peebles, Dan O'Leary and Welzler; a
xylophone solo by Mr. Walsh, and many
other numbers, besides several interest
ing talks about the order.
Wednesday, 30th ult, was set aside by
the California State Exposition at Oak
land as A. O. U. W. day. A very large
attendance, principally members "of the
order, filled the music room, where a
musical and literary programme was
given. An able address was delivered by
Past Grand Master Barnes. The prin
cipal feature of the evening was a wed
ding, which occurred on the stage
A meeting of the district deputies of this
city was held in the office of the grand
recorder on Wednesday evening with a
view to holding special district meetings
In the near future. Grand Master Work
man Bahrs and Deputy Grand Master
workman Danforth were present.
A meeting of the corporate directors of
the Grand Lodge took place in the otlK-e
of the grand recorder last Saturday even
ing. Matters pertaining to the welfare
THE S AX FRANCISCO CALL, SUKDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
c-rnmcnt as men, and no greater absur
dity, to use no harsher term, can be pre
sented to the human mind than that of
rewarding men and punishing women for
the same act, without giving women any
voice in the question of which shall be
rewarded and which shall be punished.
Judge Hunt, who presided over the trial,
denied a trial by jury and rendered a ver
dict of gulity, with a penalty of $100 and
costs of suit. Miss Amhony declared
that all her stock in trade was a $10,000
debt, incurred by publishing her paper
the Revolution four years before; that
she should work on with might and main
to pay every dollar of that honest debt,
but not a penny should go to this unjust
claim. And the claim has never been
pressed.
Some time in the late seventies Miss
Anthony, Mrs. Stanton and Matilda Joce
lyn Gage began to work together upon
"The History of Woman Suffrage." as
Mrs. Stanton's health forbade her going
on the lecture platform in the autumn of
1880, and as Miss Anthony had now enough
money ahead to dare claim a little leisure
from public work, they decided to settle
down to the serious business of writing
the history. For this purpose Miss An
thony went to Tenaflv in October and en
sconced herself in Mrs. Htanton's cozy
home among the "blue hills of Jersey."
Their task was lightened by the receipt
of a thousand dollars from Mrs. Elizabeth
Thompson for immediate expenses, and so
they went on performing all the drudgery
of such an undertaking. Miss Anthony
hated this kind of work, and it was tor
ture for her to give up her active life and
sit poring over the musty records of tne
past. iu-r diary contains the usual im-
SUS/\N B. AJSITjHONy y\|JD ELIZABETH GADy SJANTON.
patient expressions of this feeling.and in
her letters to friends she says: "Oh, how
tired I am of boning down to factg and
figures perpetually, and hnw I long to be
set free from what to me has been a per
of the order were brought up and fully
discussed.
Grand Recorder Poland will attend the
meeting of the Supreme Lodge relief
board which meets In Chicago in the early
part of January.
Sunol Lodge gave a very pleasant and
interesting entertainment on the evening
of November 26. The audience were ent<-r
talnr'd by an uddres by the grand master
workman and Brother Booth, grand re
ceiver, contributed a number of his char
acteristic songs.
DEGREE OF HONOR, A. O. U. W.
Alida, Upchurch and Enterprise lodges
of San Jose recently held a joint meeting
in San Jose and gave an entertainment
which was productive of much pleasure.
Tho first named lodge increased its mem
bership by three and received a like num
ber of applications at its last held meet
ing.
Madrono Lodge, a few evenings since,
initiated eight candidates.
Mrs. E. S. Garrison of Ivy Lodge has
been appointed a special deputy and her
duty is to secure members and advance
the interest* of the order. Since her ap
pointment she has been quite succesßful
THE NATIVE SONS.
Grand Treasurer Martin and Grand Sec
retary Lunstedt have returned from their
trip in the north and report the parlors
in that section of the State in good con
dition. At lit Shasta Parlor they were
warmly welcomed and after the business
meeting were the guests at an old-time
'49 banquet. From there they went to
Weaverville, where, after the business
of the official visit was terminated, they
were entertained in grand style by the
Native Sons and Daughters of the place.
D. F. Maner has been appointed dis
trict deputy grand president for Santa
Cruz, Santa Clara and San Benito coun
ties, vice G. G. Radcliffe. Max Glass of
Alameda has been appointed district dep
uty grand president for two parlors in
San Francisco, vice P. G. Osti'ander.
The grand treasurer and the grand sec
retary reorganized the parlor at Redding
last Monday. William M. Welch is the
president and Francis Carr the secre
tary.
OLYMPUS PARLOR.
Olympus Parlor No. 189, Native Sons
of the. Golden West, had a most interest
ing meeting last Wednesday night in De
visadero Hall, after which there was a
high jinks in honor of Judge Frank J.
Moraskjr, who was the first president of
the parlor. The following officers, nom
inated for the ensuing term, will be elect
ed at the next meeting: O. C. Pratt, P.
P.; J. A. Simpson, P.; M. A. Dennis first,
George McCormick second and J. A. Her
rold third vice presidents; John T. Cos
grove, R. S. ; E. B. Sweeney, F. S.; Frank
J. Burke, M.; and W. J. Phelps. T. At the
close of business there was an adjourn
ment to the banquet hall, where a splen
did collation was served. There were a
number of toasts responded to by the
guests, visitors and members. President
Pratt spoke of the progress of the parlor
feet prison for the last six months." She |
stuck to it with Spartan heroism, how
ever, knowing that otherwise it never
would be done. The last entry in ..er !
diary for 1881 says: "The year closes down }
on a wilderness of work— a swamp of let- i
ters and papers almost hopeless." She at- |
tacked it. however, with that sublime ;
courage which was ever her strongest
characteristic, and at the end of the nrst
week of the new year the heaviest part i
of the burden was lifted from l>er shoul- i
ders by the receipt of a letter from Wen
dell Phillips, announcing that a large be
quest had been left by Mrs. Eliza Eddy.
Francis Jackson's daughter, to her and
Lucy Stone for suffrage work. He wrote:
"There is no question whatever that your
portion will be $25,000 to $28,000. I advised !
her, in order to avoid all lawyers, to giVe I
this sum to you outright, with no respon- ]
sibility to any one or any court, only re- |
questing you to use it for the advance- ]
ment of the woman's cause." After all I
the years of toil without financial recom- \
pense, of struggling to accomplish her
work with wholly insufficient means, of j
depending from month to month on the
few dollars which could be gathered in.
Miss Anthony's joy and gratitude could
scarcely lind expression in words.
On February 23, 1883. Miss Anthony
sailed with Miss Rachel Foster for a visit
to Europe. They visited Italy. Switzer
land, Germany and the British Isles. The
cheerful letters home bear testimony to
Miss Anthony's enjoyment of rest from
hard work and of the new scenes through
which she was passing. Continuing Mrs.
Harper's narrative: Half of Miss Antho
ny's nine months' trip abroad had been
spent in Great Britain. To her all the
other attractions of the old world were
as nothing compared with its living,
breathing humanity. On the Continent
she was deprived of any exchange of |
thought with its people because she spoke j
no language but her own, and this made
her prefer England; but there was an- ]
other and a stronger interest— the great
progressive movement which was going
forward in regard to woman. Here she
found women of fine intellect and high !
social position engaged in the same work I
to which she had given more than thirty i
years of her own life; and here she met '
From a Photograph
' that sympathy and recognition which |
i would have been impossible in any other I
| country in Europe.
: T,- Tn , ]^ 93^ she was a central figure of the |
. World b Congress of Representative Worn- i
and pointed with pride to its standing'
in the order at this time. Judge Murasky \
who was one of the charter members of
tne parlor, in response to the toast assign- '
ed to him spoke of the difficulty that was
presented in the organization, as there |
was some doubt on the part of those who
■were to institute it. if a parlor in the
western part of the city would thrive.
Ihe standing of the parlor now shows
tnat the organizers made no mistake
when they declared that they would
have a pood live parlor; H-nn- LunHt<KJl
grand secretary, spoke of the many bril
liant men who have sprung from the
ranks of the Native Sons, filling positions
of honor and trust in the government,
city State and nation. He predicted a I
great future for the order. Addresses
were also made by Grand Trustee Lewis
t. Byington and Harry Mulcreavv. Af
ter the collation there was a return to
tne main hall, where there was an im- ;
promptu programme of song and recita
tion, besides cigars and refreshments
Among those contributed to the entertain
an ce d nt DS c c Ge S O nferfn ane ' JameS X D<?gan
OUR NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The members of Lassen View Parlor, at
Shasta, on Halloween entertained its
friends at a character dress party, and
there were prizes for the one guessing the
highest and lowest number of characters
on the floor. This proved such a success
that it was repeated on Thanksgiving
eve.
Last week the members of Par
lor were tendered a reception by Hy
draulic Parlor of the Native Sons. There
was dancing until midnight, and then an
excellent banquet, at which there were a
number of toasts, the principal ones be
ing responded to by D. E. Morgan, grand
trustee of the Native Sons; Bell Douglass
grand trustee of the Native Daughters'
and by the president of each parlor. Dur
ing the evening the Daughters' parlor
was presented by the Sons' paiior with a
handsome ebony gavel mounted with sil
ver.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
On Friday night November 25. Presi
dent Hastings and twelve members of
San Francisco Cabinet paid an official
visit to Union Council, In its cozy quar
ters in Ruby Hall, Red Men's building.
There was considerable said under good
of the order, and from a letter read from
Deputy Bunting it appeared that consid
erable activity is being manifested at Sac-
ramento at this time. After the business
of the evening was over the visitors,
together with members of California and
Yosemite councils, became the guests of
Union Council at a collation served at a
cafe in the vicinity. There a pleasant so
cial hour was spent.
The National Lnion was represented at
the twelfth annual meeting of the Na
tional Fraternal Congress in Baltimore
last month by H. H. Cabaniss. senate
president; J. W. Meyers,, senate secre
tary; M. R. Brown, medical director; F
N. Gage, ex-president, and M. G. Jeffries
senator.
There never was a greater gathering of
en at the Columbia Exposition, which
was the largest and most brilliant of any
of the series which extended through the
six months of the fair. Every time she
appeared on the stage the audience broke
into applause; when she rose to speak
they stood upon the seats and waved
hats and handkerchiefs. When she was
advertised for an address there was a
rush from other halls and an impene
trable jam in the corridors. Largo num
bers of the women who gave addresses
in these various meetings paid tribute to
her work and the mention of her name
never failed to elicit a burst of applause.
At the many public and private recep
tions given to the congress the post of
honor was assigned to her and no guest
ever was satisfied to leave without hav
ing touched her hand.
It is impossible to here review exhaust
ively the history of a life so full of years
and activity. Readers, whether or no
they be in sympathy with the opinions
which Miss Anthony advocated, will find
tnis a most interesting book, beautifully
written. Mrs. Harper is to be congratu
lated upon the result of her labor of love
—a good work, well performed.
BOOKS
RECEIVED
AN AMERICAN CRUISER IN THE
EAST— By Chief Engineer John D. Ford.
An account of a voyage in the United
States steamship Alert. The work is In
teresting and gives good impressions of
all the places visited, including Bering
Sea, Korea. Japan, China and the Phil
ippines. The style ot writing is not
highly artistic, but the author makes
himself clear.— A.- S. Barnes & Co., pub
lishers, New York. Price $2 50.
BIRDS THAT HUNT AND ARE
HUNTED— By Neltja Blanchan. A valu-
able addition to popular books on orni
thology. The descriptive work shows a
wide knowledge of bird life. The pic
tures are the popular and accurate col
ored Photogravures. — Dnnhloriov a, x.r«
] representative business and professional
men than there was among the four hun
| drod who last Tuesday assembled in the
I hall of California and Golden Gate coun
; oils, the occasion being a grand enter
j tainment and smoker jointly given by the
councils named in propagation of the or
der. There were present many of the
prominent members of the order, and dur-
I ing the evening there was passed around
excellent cigars, a collation and light re
freshments. There was a great deal of
enthusiasm and many of the members en
livened the evening by the use of parlor
fireworks. Charles J. King of California
council acted as master of ceremonies
and for once forgot to inflict an- puns on
the audience. The following was the pro
i gramme of entertainment:
Overture. Sichel's orchestra: introductory re
marks. Charles A. King; "The Scout," Na
; tional Lnion Quartet: dramatic recitations,
i Damp] Hanlon: barytone solo. Arthur Cohn
reieh; German specialty. I. Meyer; Al Hazard,
■ventriloquist, in his drawing room entertain
ment: comic specialties, Kelly and Marlowe:
remarks, Senator J. E. Field: vocal solo J
M. Semeria: coon specialties. Mcl Furst: cornet
solo, H. Todd; barytone solo, Ed C. Boysen
remarks, W. A. Nicholson; recitation, John
Hannan; "Simple Simon," National Union
Quartet
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Crystal Council, at its meeting on
Thursday, November 24, voted to Increase
the salary of the secretary. Miss Atkin
son, and to make every member make
financial settlement at the council hall in
stead of at the place of business or resi
dence of the secretary. There was a re
duction in the salary of the treasurer and
a modification of the pay of the organist.
The council was addressed by Grand
Councilor Boehm. and after the meeting
the officers served up a collation of roast
turkt?y and light refreshments.
Supreme Assistant Councilor Steber
represented the order at the session of
the Fraternal Congress hel- in Baltimore
last month.
Nearly four hundred persons crowded
into Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building,
last Wednesday night to listen to the en
tertainment offered by Social Council. It
was one of the grandest meetings that
has been held for some time, and it was
aroused to a degree of enthusiasm and
good feeling for the order by the. fine pro
gramme that Was presented. This was
made up of vocalization by Mrs. Fannie
Igo and Jack Cathcart, instrumental mu
sic by Misses K. I. Goodall and Ressle
Hicks. Miss Myrtle Baker and Misses Jo
sie and Mac Gitchell; specialties tar Miss
Vickie Orr. recitation by Stanley E. Ran
kln, and address by C. M. Arnold. P. S. C.
There were in the audience a large num
ber of prominent "rand officers.
Angel Council of Los Angelas, at its last
held meeting, introduced a large class into
its council room by initiation. It has set
out for active work and is organizing an
initiatory team.
Covenant Council of Georgetown initi
ated two candidates at its last held meet
ing in November. Evans Council had one
initiation last Thursday. Golden Gate j
Council expects to have a large class of f
candidates at its meeting next Friday.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
High Chief Ranger McElfreeh on last
Prices Paid Modern Authors
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— The higher
heroes of the war, on coming
home, have found awaiting
them a fine literary opportuni
ty. Indeed, most of them had
unmistakable intimations of the ex
: istence of such an opportunity before
they started home. Even by cable they
were urged to pen the story of their
exploits at a good round price. Most
of them have come to terms and in the
course of time we may expect contri
butions to the literature of the war
from about all the men who were con
spicuous in it, at least on our own
side. Meanwhile a question that is
perplexing editors and publishers not
a little is whether the desire to read
about the war will keep up long enough
for them to market all the costly ma
terial they are laying in. The truest
answer to this question can be nothing
more than a lucky guess; but certainly
there will always be a large public
eager to read anything, however long
ft may be getting published, that some
three or four of the great men of the
I war may write about it. Anything, for
i example, from Admiral Sampson or
Admiral Dewey or Admiral Schley will
never lack readers, and two at least of
these three have, I understand, already
promised to write something. Again,
anything from General Miles or Gen
eral Shafter or General Merritt would
command immediate attention. But of
these "sure cards" there are not enough
to go round among all the publishers
and editors who would like to reap a
share of the profit in the present war
interest; and. consequently, the busi
ness, as a whole, is running into very
much of a "gamble."
• * *
Of course the war and the relish for
war literature works just now quite
against writers and books that are at
best of doubtful Interest. But they
don't seem to have told perceptibly
against "the approved good masters."
For example, Kipling's new book of
short stories, "The Day's Work," pub
lished at the close of last month, is sell
ing so rapidly that the publishers are
2000 copies behind their orders. They
had sold 12.000 or 13,000 copies before
the book had been out four days. Mean
while, the sale of Kipling's last preced
ing book, "Captains Courageous," keeps
straight on. The publishers announce
that 35,000 copies of it have now been
sold in America alone. Another book
of which the sales seem to keep
straight on is Paul Leicester Ford's
"Story of an Untold Love," and still
Clure Company, publishers, New York.
Price $2.
MISTRESS NANCY MOLESWORTH-
By Joseph Hocking. A tale of adventure
in Cornwall during the days of the Pre
tender Doubleday & McClure Company,
publishers, New York. Price $1.
EZEKIEL'S SIN— By J. H. Pearce. A
Cornish romance written in a style very
much out of the ordinary. G. H. Rich
mond & Sons, publishers, New York.
PEMBERTON— By Henry Peterson. A
story of one hundred years ago. In this
work the author has handled the historic
characters of '*c Revolution and placed
them in surroundings that make an inter
esting and instructive story.— Henry E.
Coates & Co., publishers, Philadelphia.
CHAFING DISH POSSIBILITIES— By
Fannie Merrltt Farmer. A book that will
be found useful by mose fond of prepar
ing the midnight rarebit— Little, Brown
& Co., publishers, Boston. Price 41.
THE CASINO GIRL, IN By
Herself. Edited by Curtis Dunham. A
breezy little book giving a few sidelights
on people of the stage.— R. F. Fenno &
Co., publishers, New York.
THE GROWTH OF DEMOCRACY IN
IN THE SHADOW OF THE THREE—
By Blanche Loftus Tottenham. A novel.
J. B. Llppincott & Co., publishers, Phil
adelphia.
TEKLA— By Robert Barr. A reprint in
book form of the popular story that re
cently ran as a serial in many of our
prominent papers. A work that has been
well spoken of by the critics. — Frederick
A. Stokes Company, publishers, New
Tuesday night paid an official visit to the
court at Crockett, the following night he
visited the one at Brentwood, on Thurs
day night he addressed a union meeting
in "Stockton and on Friday he addressed a
public meeting in Woodland. At each of
these visits he explained the purpose of
the order and also the new laws.
The high chief ranker has appointed the fol
lowing named as court deputies for this city:
For Court San Francisco, C. F. Stewart: Golden
Gate. J. H. W'hiley: Endeavor, O. J. Joly;
Golden Era. James Hurry; Diana, J. B. Knud-
X Mission. L. A. Kern; Noe Valley. H.
hofer; Alcyone. F. W. Greger; Acacia, E.
[owell; Friar Tuck, H. T. Moore; Apollo,
J A. Borne; Madrone. G. L. Wither:
t Lobos, J. H. Slvers: Sunset, M. B. Sco
fleld- Seal Rock, E. N. Cameron; Sutro
Heights, T. P. Jarvls, and Terba Buena. \V.
'Last^Monday night there was a meet
ing of the district deputies in the Phelan
building and a temporary organization
was effected with L. A. Kern of Court
Mission as temporary president and E. N.
Cameron of Court Seal Rock as tempo
rary secretary. The next meeting will be
held at the same place on the 7th inst.,
and plans for the work to be performed by
the deputies will be explained.
Ben I. Solomon of Court Yerba Buena.
who during the past year was the chief
of the local deputies, has been promoted
to the position of State deputy high chief
ranger, an honor well deserved.
THE JUNIORS.
Logan Council's reception Friday night
was well attended and all enjoyed a most
excellent programme, each number being
greeted with an encore. Mr. Stanley de
livered an address on the duties of an
American. A banquet followed.
American Hall in Berkeley partly de
stroyed by fire has been repaired and re
fitted and now Paul Revere Council has
a magnificent council room.
Yosemite Council, at its last held meet-
Ing, was entertained by a lecture by Mr.
Zimmerman on the "Manufacture of
Flour." The dance announced by this
council has been postponed until after
the installation of the new officers.
The Junior Order Thanksgiving service
of Abraham Lincoln Council held in the
First Baptist Church was a gratifying
success and highly appreciated by the
membership and friends. It is proposed
to have more frequent church meetings
in order to disseminate the alms and prin
ciples of the order in order to correct any
mistaken ideas in regard to It.
Lincoln Council has nominated its vice
councilor to become councilor for the en
suing term, the members believing that
he has well earned the honor.
The joint smoker committee has decided
to hold high jinks on the 15th inst. in the
hall of Lincoln Council. The committee
will offer a first-class programme.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Never but once before in the history of
Tomales. Marln County, was there such
a gathering of merry people as there was
last Thanksgiving night in the Town Hall
of that place on the occasion of the en
tertainment and ball given by Tomalos
Chapter No. 531. The beautiful night was
taken advantage of by people for thirty ,
miles around to attend the grand show.
There were prominent people from San
Francisco. San Rafael. Santa Rosa, Peta
luma, Sebastopol. Bloomfield, Valley Ford.
Duncans Mills, Howards and other places.
The hall was crowded to its limit, and
many were unable to gain admission The
principal features were: Richard Bristol
the Dutch comedian; Louis Hufschmidt'
black-faced artist; the wonderful Water- '
man sisters, and Jay Waterman who
made his first appearance in public. The
programme, a lengthy one, was exceed
ingly well received. Virgil Caporgno dur
ing the evening delivered a well-timed
speech, and Supreme Deputy R W Ale-
Garvie delivered an address" in which he
set forth the claims of excellence for the
order and the advantages of membership
It was half-past 10 o'clock before dancine
commenced and 5 in the morning before I
another is Hopkinson Smith's 'Caleb
West." Of the former of these, tht
publishers say that 22,000 have been
sold; and of the latter 15,000. When
one reads of these good sales, he feeis^
that he should like to know just what
they mean to the author; but that, of
course, is always a sacred confidence
between author and publisher. 'iou
could not figure it t^ a nicety unless
you knew the exact terms of their "un
derstanding." But one can draw
rather close inferences from general
personal knowledge of the subject; and
so inferring, in the instances men
tioned, I should say that a sale of 35.000
copies of "Captains Courageous" meant
for Mr. Kipling about '10,000, in addi
tion to whatever gross sum may have
been paid him down for the right to
publish the book; and that a sale of
15,000 copies of "Caleb West" meant to
Mr. Smith something over $4000, and a
sale of 22,000 of "The Story of an Un
told Lovel" meant to Mr. Ford about the
same, the retail price of his book being
less than that of Mr. Smith's.
* • •
The popularity of "Caleb West"
makes of present interest an account
that Mr. Smith gave a friend of mine
some time ago of his original way of
writing a novel. It was at the time that
"Colonel Carter of Cartersville" was
being read by everybody, and had par
ticular relation to that novel, but still
it is substantially the method followed
by Mr. Smith in writing his subsequent
novels. First he dictates a skeleton^
or outline under chapter headings, and
this is written out by a typewriter and >
arranged in a book, with a wide mar
gin down one side of the page. In
this margin he notes, as they occur to
him, ideas, incidents. ' its of conversa
tion and so on that he thinks may be
worked into the respective chapters op
posite which they are entered. When
of this preliminary work he thinks he
has done enough, he takes his note
book and shuts himself up with it in
as still and out-of-the-way a room as
he can command, and produces a con
nected narrative, written usually with
a lead pencil. This the typewriter
copies out, and then Mr. Smith takes
the new, fair copy, and proceeds to
make it look as bad as possible, revis
ing and revising again. He has been
known to rewrite a chapter more than
half a dozen times. Even after a
thing is in type he won't let it go, but
corrects until the printers groan. It is
not a little to this gift for taking no
end of pains that Mr. Smith owes the
pleasant experience of never having
had a manuscript rejected, although he
took up writing rathe* as an avocation
after he had come full into middle
life.
York. For sale by William Doxey. Plica
THE UNITED STATES— By Frederick A.
Cleveland. A scientific addition to politi
cal literature,— The Quadrangle Press,
publishers, Chicago. Price $1 50.
MISS AMERICA— By Alexander Black.
A collection of pen and camera sketches
of the American girl. A well got up book,
containing many pretty faces, but for the
most part the artistic work is "posey."
Charles Scribner's Sons, publishers, New
York. Price $2 50. _
CALIFORNIA CALENDARS — The
Dodge Stationery Company has produced
three very pretty souvenir calendars of
variety enough to suit all tastes. The
"Real Chinese." by Gertrude Partington,
price $1 25; the "California Art." by
Albertine Randall Wheelan. pri~f $1; the
"California Mission." by William Hull,
price $1. All of these are of the most
original designs, and are pleasing to look
at as well as being useful. For sale by
Dodge Stationery Company.
TEMPLE TALKS— By Myron W. Reed.
In January, 1595, there was organized in
the city of Denver the Broadway Temple
Association, with Rev. Myron W Reed aa
its minister. The organization is non-sec
tarian, having no ecclesiastical connec
tions whatever, membership being open
to all who believe in the "Fatherhood of
God and the Brotherhood of Man." Mr.
Reed has now published a volume of es
says and addresses called "Temple
Talks." which is admirably descriptive of
the volume, for in a direct and forceful
way he talks to the reader from every
page of different phases of the questions
of social and political economy that are
of present day interest.— The Bowen Mer
rill Company, publishers, Indianapolis.
Leone brothers' orchestra played for tha
last dance.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
This is the season for the nomination
and election of officers for the ensuing
term, and it is the time when the member
ship should see that the best members of
the courts are elevated to official positions
and that officers are not elected simply
because they are good fellows.
Court Sutro Heights held an interesting
meeting last Monday night, being an ad
journed one from the previous Thursday
which was Thanksgiving night. One sus
pended member was reinstated. It was
announced that several applications would
shortly be presented.and there were ad
dresses by several members and visitors.
On December 8 the court will nominate
and elect officers, and the members who
are absent without legal excuse will be
lined, and the fines will hold.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
On the 21st of November. Grand Chief
Companion Coburn officially visited . So
toyome Circle at Healdsburg. and he
found that it has "got on its feet again."
A couple of disturbing members having:
withdrawn, the. present membership is
working hard again for the good of the
order. The following night he visited
American Circle at Petaluma and found
that while the membership is working in
harmony, there was but a small attend
ance.
Last Thursday night Golden Era Circle
was visited by the grand chief companion
and • other grand officers. The officers
gave an exemplification of the work of
the order which was satisfactory to the
visiting officials. After the business of ■
the evening was over the visitors were V
entertained by the members of the circle.
On Saturday, November 26, Live Oak
Circle had a guessing party in the Social
Hall of : the Alcazar, whLch was well at
tended. : After a number of the latest:
dances, under the direction of : -Mrs. J. ..
Welsel,- floor manager, there was an inter
mission, and the guessing, which consisted
in guessing how many beans there .were .
in a jar, took place. The prizes were a -
pair of slippers and a large cake. After *
the guessing dancing was, resumed. .,, \\ry;\
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
The autumn carnival of Britannia
Lodge in Union-square Hall last Wednes
day night was well attended and the peo
ple who assembled in the prettily deco
rated hall in which the American
British colors were harmoniously blended,
suggestive of the unity between the two
nations, were treated to an enjoyable pro
gramme made up of vocal selections by
A. La Faile, R. H. Jones, Miss F. Ray
mond. Mrs. Jennie Segar, Mr. Callender
and Mr. Long; vocal duets by Mr. and
Mrs. G. Austin and the Misses Holland
instrumental duets, the Misses Neals and
J. Carles and Miss Adelaide Carles in
strumental selections, Professor Merki's
Mandolin club; ; violin sol °- Miss Johnson"
comicalities^ Leslie Peterson; fancy danc
ing Miss F. Baxter. Each number w-ia
loudly applauded., Then followed dun,-'
and refreshments. The affair was sue
sKt S in U ly ma a^ d by the committee con
sisting of , Mesdames , J. B. Staples R
KNIGHTS . AND ■ LADIES OF HONOR
At the first meting of each lodge in
January there will be imparted to th»>4
rrand officers of this juris.lirtMr, '
will co-operate with the sunrenw» m on
and make a move in the RetioV'ST 8
creasing; the .membership S" 1 "Disagreement of the Critics
Over the Civoli "Cyrano"
I READ my Tuesday morning news
papers to discover that the dra
matic critics were not agreed as to
the goods and bads of the Tivoli's
production of "Cyrano de Berge
rac." According to the Examiner the
performance'was a joke that was hard
ly appreciated by the Tlvoll audience;
according to the Chronicle it had no
particular artistic value and did not
call for serious consideration; accord
ing to The Call it gave a very good idea
of the piece in English and was a spe
cial triumph for Edwin Stevens, whose
success in the titl>> part was large and
—bar false voicing In the balcony scene
—qualified only by the temperamental
limitations of the player. Three more
dissimilar notices of one performance I
never read. And three more, equally
V tl^ko, came out with the evening pa
r re. I could understand the feelings
of the New Yorker who bought twelve
n< wspapera the day after Mansfield's
first "Cyrano" performance. After
reading the dozen assorted opinions he
sat down in disgust and wrote an in-
«iiK r nant letter to the Herald, all about
thr futility of criticism; then he went
>ut into the night and paid $7 to a
ticket scalper for two Mansfield seats.
And judging by the numerous audi
ences that have peopled the Tivoli,
these nights since the opening, I should
say that a great many San Franciscans
had followed the New Yorker's ex
ample. *
• * *
Dramatic criticism is, as any critic
will tell you, a noble and uplifting pro
fession, without which the theaters
would be closed and civilization retard
ed; but it has not yet been reduced to
a science. As old almost as the oldest
play and destined, perhaps, to outlive
the newest by one day, it still stands
for nothing more definite than the in
dividual impressions of individual
writers who are inevitably different in
V iperament, education and taste.
T finite, final criticism never has ex
isted and never will exist in the judg
mentship of any one man or any one
of men. The only definite, final
critic is the public, the general throng
ppreciaton who in bunches make
what we call popularity and who, link
ed nut persistently into the years, make
what is called posterity. The profes
sional critic is at best a taster whose
business it is to try to keep ahead of
the public appetite. It is a difficult
matter to keep ahead of the public in
anything, and so you usually find the
| critic following the crowd at a friendly
* distance. His only independent power
Vies in suggestion; sometimes he can
'point the way. His best office is that
of colebrator; he records disaster and
achievement, but he does not make
them.
• • •
Now nothing could have led up to
a sounder verdict on the Tivoli's "Cy
rano" than this variety of comment by
the press. The people are interested
In the play and in the fate of the pro
duction, and they go to the Tivoli to
do their own thinking and their own
applauding. "Cyrano" is a most un
derstandable play. It is picturesque
and fantastically heroic, but it is very
— as simple as Shakespeare, or
* en more so since we get it Eng
lished into fairly modern idiom. Of
course the poetry loses a lot in the
translation; it is bo and to do that un
til some English-writing Rostand takes
it up; but just the same the Gladys
Thomas and Mary F. Guillemard cdi- j
tion is reasonably poetic throughout, ;
and Edwin Stevens and the Tivoli com
pany bring out a great deal of that po
etry, besides giving the play with clean I
address and plenty of action. And it is
a notable fact that the poetry, the
leisurely metaphor and classic allusion, i
"the beautiful phrase." are as enthu- j
siastically appreciated by the Tivoli j
audience as are the lively incident and
picture. It is all bosh to say that the
Tivoli crowd sits yawning during the
lonper speeches, wondering when the
si 'up and dance will commence. The !
Tivoli crowd is an elusive quality: dur- '
ing the holiday pieces it is one thing,
during the comic opera season another,
and during the grand opera season yet
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA
THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK
I-a6t Performances of the rnsurpae»<>d Success,
KOSTER iSSz BIAL'S
Farcical Extravaganza Hit!
GAYEST LAl™
■. < t
Entire Change of I ALL
Absolute Specialties! new
•THE NOBLEST ROMAN OF THEM ALL!"
Ifr CRrr. assisted by Miss Jordan.
"CHANSON POI'ULAIRES," MISS BARBE.
"TAKE YOTJR CLOTHES AND OO." MISS
' McILMOYLE and MR. Kif-:::NAN. -
•'ODKW AND ENDS." MR. GARDENER. ,
. .'.-AND . .-.
The Brand New Topical .Song.
THE LATEST—
"lEIWEREUNCLESAM!"
Just Out of the Shell.
Sune by the Topical Quintet.
COMPLETE i?lS S TOURAGE
December 12— "A PARLOR MATCH."
i CHUTES AND ZOO!
[ EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
|A Big, Bright Bill at the Free Theater !
THIS SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
}m Monster Beneflt Tendered to .
fC. W. VOSMBR,
The Darlne Young Aeronaut. Who
Was Injured October 9. '
He Wlil Ascend With Hl* NEW
BALLOON. HANGING BY HIS
TEETH! - ~J*:'&
CONGO, the Gorilla Man: JOE STORMS JR.,
; Orang-OutanK. and SALLY. Chimpanzee.
|EVERY THURSDAY. . AMATEUR • NIGHT. :
■jk Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
J ■Bay a and Holidays. 10c. ' : . :
I'
By Ashton Stevens.
another. It fits Itself to the attraction.
When "Tannhauser" or "Lohengrin" or
"The Dutchman" is the bill, the au
dience is eared accordingly. When the
silly season is on with "Ship Ahoy" or
something (if like character, the au
dience is of appropriate irresponsibility.
And so with "Cyrano"; everybody
knows more or less about the play, and
it draws its own crowd. The wonder
ful thing to me is that the comnany—
the same one that was tripping and
tra-laing through comic opera the
week before— should be able to give this
intelligent, legitimate performance of a
piece so easily burlesqued. I went to
the Tivoli last Monday night with a
caricaturist and a special collection of
derogatory adjectives. Caricaturists
are by nature relentless, and this one
drew his comic pictures and saw to it
that they were dul printed; while I
came away to praise and apologize for
all the low-down jokes 1 had thrown at
the enterprise in advance. Nearly
everybody went that night with, po
etically speaking, a dead cat concealed
about his person. But before the first
act had half finished we were a!l inter
ested, even excited, in the beauty and
valor of the play; and before the night
i was over we were calling the curtain
lup on Edwin Stevens six and seven
i times in succession. Mr. Stevens may
I not have been the idc' Cyrano— in fact,
he is not that even now, with his per
| formance considerably improved— but
ihe gave the part a vigorous identity;
! and his reading was informed and im
aginative, showing an intimacy with
every phase of the play. Often his tem
perament, which is not a boiling one,
would deny Cyrano that Vesuvian qual
ity which one can't help but feel in the
lines; but on the whole his perform
ance was consistent, sensitive and ar
tistic. When you take into account the
sort of work he has been doing ever
since parting from Augustin Daly, this
feat of his is a prodigious triumph. How
ever, it asks no odds for the actor's
past. Mr. Stevens' Cyrano will stand
on its own merit as a keen, distinguish
ed impersonation. I have no more in
clination now to dilate on the rest of
the. cast than I had on Monday night.
In one scene at least Miss Crox plays
Roxane with the right feeling. The
other players are so man" and so un
obtrusively good and bad in their re
spective roles and yet so fairly effective
in the ensemble, that I would rather
spare the catalogue and praise the
stage manager for a production that is
really a credit to the town.
ASHTON STEVENS.
jKe California.
The first scene in "A Boy Wanted."
Chase E. Blaney's extravaganza which j
opens at the California to-night, repre- I
sents the offices of the Evening Keg, a
country newspaper. The offices are invad
ed by a company of barnstormers. The
crushed tragedian, whose performance
had been roasted in the Keg, comes to
lick the critic. While searching for him
he becomes entangled In the printing j
press, is drawn through it and comes out
with the latest edition printed on his
clothes. The second act shows the ex
terior of the Starvation Hotel, where a
number of mechanical effects are intro
duced. "The Boy" is challenged by the [
runner for a rival hotel and is trained for >.
the fistic encounter by the soubrette. The j
fight takes place in full view of the audi- i
ence, and real blows are exchanged. The
last act is inside the hotel with songs,
dances and jokes galore. Twenty special- j
! ty performers are in the cast and a lively j
i show is promised.
JKe Goiumbia.
"Gayest Manhattan" is not much of a
piece, but there are several valuable fun- I
makers In the cast. New specialties will
be introduced in the third act this week. ,
A revival of Evans & Hoey's old-time
success, "A Parlor Match," follows. The :
piece has been touched up with new
Lines and new mu.sk- . The company in
cludes: J. W. Kingsley, Mark Sullivan,
James T. Galloway, M. J. Sullivan, Walter
Ware, Hugh Mack. William McKeough,
Ton Browne, Peter Randall, Harriet I
Sheldon, Vila Sayne. Adele Archer, j
Maude Manning, Hattie Vera, Georgie j
Manning, Floye Redledge and Edith i
Hoyt. |
JKe TiVoii.
The excellent production of "Cyrano de
Bergerac" at the Tivoli continues all of
this week. The performance commences
promptly at 7:50 o'clock. Great prepa
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
THEATER.
Beg. iv niuii i , MAT . 6AT-
MATCHLESS IN MERIT AND MAGNITUDK.
CHAS. E. BLANEY'S
Bit EXTRAVAGANZA SUCCESS,
A Boy Wanted
JUST FOR FUN.
THE FUNNIEST COMEDY EVER WRITTEN.
12 HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE ACTS.
12 BEAUTIFUL GIRLS.
A Cast of 25 First Clas Artists,
ALL NEW. BRIGHT, ORIGINAL. REFINED,
ELEGANT. NOVEL AND ELABORATE.
3 SETS of SCENERY,
MORE MUSIC THAN A COMIC OPERA.
POPULAR PRICES.
December 11 - - - - DAN SULLY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and M«r.
THIS EVENING AT 8 PRECISELY.
Kdmond Rostand's Romantic Play,
CYRANO
DE
BERGERAC!
SUPERB CAST.
S]>leiulid Bcenery. Appropriate Accessories.
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY. .
Next "THE MASCOT."
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
A Reserved Keat for the Matinee 25c
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, BECEMBEE 4, 1898.
rations are being made for the produc
tion of the Christmas spectacle, "The
Yellow Dwarf," which will be put on with
a wealth of color, light, music, mirth and
dance. Several clever ballet dancers are
being imported for the Christmas piece,
and the resourceful management prom
ises a record production.
fievl Gomedy.
"Ole Olaen" comes to the Comedy to
morrow night. This is announced as the
farewell tour of the Swedish farce come
dy. The old favorites are in the com
pany, including Miss St. George Hussey
the Irish woman. The songs, specialties
and dances are said to be snatched from
the latest metropolitan successes.
The
The new week at the Alcazar will be de
voted to a revival of Gillette's famous
adaptation, "The Private Secretary," and
a curtain-raiser written by Miss Louis
Veiller of this city and called "Keeping
Up Appearances." This curtain-raiser
was p ayed successfully at the Baldwin
several seasons ago by one of the big
New lork companies. It deals with an
episode in the lives of a young couple
who had separated after a little over
two years of married life, but to keep up
appearances during a brief visit to the
wife's father had arranged to spend their
third anniversary together. This they do,
carrying out their parts quite dramati
cally, ana after his leave-taking resolve
that the one roof was quite large enough
in the future for them both. In the pro
duction of "The Private Secretary"
George Osboume will assume the roll ol
Cattermole. which he originally created,
and Howard Scott will play his original
part of the curate.
JYlorosco's.
To-morrow evening "Blacklisted," a
; melodrama with labor troubles for its
motive, will be performed at Morosco's.
The plot bears a slight reserflblance to
that of "The Lost Paradise." There are
I several very striking scenes; notably
the interior of the mill with the entire
j machinery in full motion, the destruc
tion of the mill by fire and the clash be
tween the military and the strikers.
The play hinges upon a wrongful ac
cusation of murder, whereby Frank Lyn-
I ton, the young foreman of the mill, is
nearly hanged.
The cast will include the full Morosco
stock company. James M. Brophy will
play the persecuted young foreman, and
Lorena At wood will have the role of
Mary Vernon, the daughter of the lead
er of the strikers. Marie Winson, the
lively poubrette, has had her engagement
extended and will appear as "Buttons "
a waif. The play contains a very strong
child character, for which little Venie
Wells of "First Born" fame has been
specially engaged. Several popular vau
deville turns will be interpolated.
]"Ke OrpKeum.
The Orpheum has a number of new
cards for this week. At the head of the
list is Camllle Urso, the celebrated vio
liniste, who needs no Introduction here,
where she has always been a favorite
Paul Batty's trained animals are regarded i
by the management as the best ever seen
in \,,i .O. Or P heum - Arensen, a European
equilibrist, is another novelty. Baker,
AMUSEMENTS.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, DECEMBER 3.
y ew Stars of Unparalleled Brilliancy and Thrilling Novelties
Extraordinary Vaudeville Engagement or the Concert Star - .
MME. CAMILLA URSO
, ; THE WORLD-FAMOUS VIOLINISTE. ' >
THE GREATEST OF EUROPEAN NOVELTIES..... -
-PAUL BATTYS ACROBATIC BEARS-
The Sensational Animal Act of the Nineteenth Century. :
BAKERTSELLERY r & BARTLETT
.; , In "DIVORCES WHILE TOD WAIT"-Introdncia^Opw>tio SMectioni and Corned Biti.  '
A I I "N. I . liT?i I . I"W— l— The Greatest or
JET\ rvJLM P ifTX Hi IXI ... European Equilibrists. '
FL YNN.. ! ..EMMA CARIJs7.
, v Unique Monologulst. : I .: - Greatest Female Baritone. ? - .:.■:■ -
lulcls S^ ary HARRY : ATicnNSOJ^aafffoV. '
LILLIE WESTERN \^ THE WILSON FAMILY:
Premiere Instrumentalist. ' 1 ;.; New Batch or Coon Comedy.
MATINEETO-flAYTSunday), Dec. sth 10^
PRESS CLUB ENTERTAINMENT.
COLUMBIA~THEATER,
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, DEC. 8, 18»8.
EIGHT SHOWS IN ONE!
Speclaltlei from Every Playhouae In the City.
SECURE SEATS EARLY. BOX OFFICE
NOW OPEN.
y
Sellery and Bartlett, a trio of singers,
dancers and comedians, appear in "Di
vorces While You Wait," said to be a
clever comedy skit. The holdovers in
clude Harry Atkinson, Emma Cams, Joe
Flynn, Lillle Western and the Wilson
family.
Jhe. OKjmpia.
The Olympia has several new attrac
tions, including Miss Emily Scheldle,
aerial artiste, from Australia, and Forman
and Howlett, banjoists, from New York.
The Chutes.
The Tsuslnes3 at the Chutes Free Theater
has been so large of late that the man
agement has decided to immediately build
a gallery that will seat nearly two thou
sand. This will give the Chutes Theater
a larger seating capacity than any other
place of amusement in the city.
Next week Maud Gage, a whistler, di
rect from Hopkins' Theater in Chicago,
will make her first appearance here, as
will also Omne, a female magician, said
to be very clever.
Jhe Bervdix Recital.
Otto Bendix, the well-known pianist, will
give a recital in the Sherman & Clay Hall
next evening, December 9. He
will play for the first time in this city
the "Sonate Tragica" of E. A. Mac-
Dowell, Mozart's "Fantasle" In C minor,
S. Rachamlnoff's "Prelude" and Schu
mann's "Etudes Symphonlques" will also
be given.
JHE OUTEp WOPLD.
Gommer\t ar\d NeWs of Distant
Plavjs and pMayers.
In the preface to His play, "The
Tempter," which Macmlllan has just pub
lished, Henry Arthur Jones writes: "I
know of no critic who can be safely
trusted to arrive at a wrong effect with
so much precision and honest, palnstak-
ROSENTHAL.
. . METROPOLITAN TEMPLE, '
EVENING DEC. •29 * AFTERNOON DEC. ; ll. '
BasebaU I_ EK.^™
NATIONAL LEAGUE : STARS.
TO-DAY, AT Z P. M. '
• SACRAMENTO vs. .WATSONVILLE.' • ■
ii
Ing effort as Mr. William Archer. Any
one who has followed the career of Mr.
Archer's especial proteges must have
noticed that they all come to certain fail
ure and misfortune, as surely as Sandra
go's patients all died of the fever. And a
dramatist who wishes for a modest
amount of success with his public may
well be alarmed lest in some unlucky
moment Mr. Archer may lay hands on
him and discover his plays to be master
pieces. And if this be thought to be im
possible in my own case, I can only again
refer to the astonishing list of plays which
he has discovered to be masterpieces. I
declare that not one of us is safe from
him. And any playwright who is placed
in this precarijous position may well con
sider how he may discourage Mr. Archer
and so escape the disaster of his praise.
But, indeed, I have no such selfisn motive,
and my only thought is to take Mr.
Archer out of the mean little byways
where he has groped so long and to set
him with his face forward on the main
highway of the drama's advancement."
Another preface worth reading Vs that
to "The Ambassadors," the play by John
Oliver Hobbs that was brought out In
London last June and is now published
for the first time. These are some of
Mrs. Craigle's theories of dramatic art:
"Stage dialogue may have or may not
have many qualities, but it must be emo
tional. It rests primarily on feeling. Wit,
philosophy, moral truths, poetic language
—all these count as nothing unless there
is feeling of an obvious, ordinary kind.
Great passions and the "enormous" are,
on the other hand, beyond spectacular
representation. I-.ove Is probably the sole
great passion which an audience of aver
age men and women can endure for more
than one act and to a tragic issue. Large
exhibitions of ambition, jealousy, avarice,
revenge, pride, fear and the like please
but few minds. The more emotions con
veyed or hinted at the better, no doubt,
yet not one of them, with the solitary ex^
ception already named, should be raised
unduly to the depression of the others.
The theater is a place of relaxation.
"When the majority of pleasure-seekers
find a piece tedious It Is a failure beyond
question as a play. When the majority
find a piece agreeable to their taste it
must have fulfilled, at all events, one
vital condition of its existence as a piece.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
TO-NIGHTi
SUNDAY . . 1 . . .'. . . . .'. .... . :'. . . . . . .DECEM8ER 4th
■ Last r Appearance of th; ■
.Uv- HENDERSON COMPANY
HENDERSON COMPANY ,
In Dumas' : Masterpiece, '
. THE CRUST ;OF SOCIETY— -"
' THE CRUST OF ; SOCIETY ',
THE CRUST OF \ SOCIETY —
To-MoiTOwCNiglit;;and All the Week.
MATINEES— SATURDAY and " BUNDAY
The Greatest of AH:Swedl6h Comedy Successes,
OLE
OLSEN
. WITH NEW. FEATURES. .V. :
. UP-TO-DATE j SPECIALTIES.": * ,
; >'£■ «." AND A GREAT COMEDY. CAST.
?'' ' Including '"- ."- r - ' ' " '
MISS ST. > GEORGE. HASSEY; \ ' '■
Evening Price 5 ................ 16c, 25c, 33c,'50c
Matinee Prices .............15c and-250
! SEATS ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE AND EM-
' '' > ' • ' PORIUM. ■ ■ .■'/•' '. ■' i',?
I Next Monday
"SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR."
I GLEN PARK I
| -THE MlSStOfl ZQO> 1
EXTRAORDINARY" PROGRAMME! i
SUNDAY DECEMBER
V: ■■■■ 3: '.■... ; \-y..J"Mv^o p^m:vy^;:t*' s ;'.'i:/. i v ■;■?,
THE ' ' World Famous I
r£> y FIRE KINGS!
MONSTER PROGRAMME IN ; FREE VAUDE-
• ■-■:.- v. VILLE AMPHITHEATER. ' . - ->-■?> 4
BALLOON ASCENSION AND j PARACHUTE
;:■■•■•-■ - .--'-■■. • -•' >;=v.: - JUMP. ■-■■ ■■■•' '■.-•,.,;■-■.,',",,
REFRESHMENTS AND LUNCH In New Cafe.
*■ • Admission, 10c = (no ; further • charge); children
under 5 years, free. :-;• .■..:>■•.
'.■ Take (\ San f Mateo i Electric ' Cars. _ Valencia, :
Mission and Sutter street lines transfer.'
It is at least an entertainment. The vul
gar, much abused popular melodrama has
this unfailing characteristic— it will hold.
In the face of every esthetic objection,
your cheerful attention. In a comedy life
must be presented in a deliberately arti
ficial way— that is to say. presented under
strictly artificial conditions. No one for
instance, in looking at a portrait, is asked
to mistake it for a wax model or a real
personage. In admiring a 12-inch land
scape we do not blame the artist, because
we are unable to scamper In reality over
his fields or pluck the lilacs in his garden.
We go to him neither for a deception nor
an Imitation— but for an idea, an illustra
tion or a statement." '
Some more of Mr. Zangwill's epigrams:
A woman may be moved to sublime
tears at a symphony concert and pay her
music mistress 25 cents per hour lor mu
sic lessons.
The gallery god who kicks his wife is
usually the most rapturous applauder of
the ethics of the melodrama.
Certain players have passed . beyond
criticism, but certain plays are dead and
printed. You can buy them for 25 cents
a dozen, and they are mostly bad.
Since Shakespeare's time only two
plays have been written that are at once
literary and living— "The School for
Scandal" and "She Stoops to Conquer."
Both were written by Irishmen.
The work of Bulwer Lytton and Sheri
dan Knowles looks literary— as an over
dressed female looks fashionable to a
servant girl.
The critic no more remembers every
play he sees than a Congressman re
members every baby he kisses.
The fight between Yvette Guilbert and
Francisque Sarcey, the eminent French
critic, still continues. The following is
from the last letter written by M. Sarcey
to the saucy Yvette: "Believe me, mad
emoiselle, instead of wasting your time
writing letters, useless at best, you would
do better to meditate upon the advice of
a critic who may be right, even though
he paid for his seat. That critic strongly
supported and praised you when you first
appeared, because you then gave new life
to the light, popular song by a little
grain of originality, because you had your
own manner and a talent. It Is not he
who has changed."
In Sol Smith Russell's new play, "The
Honorable John Grigsby," the star plays
a lawyer, who, although not endowed
with wealth, never turns a client away
and spends most of his time defending
the poor and penniless. The principal
action moves around a young school
teacher, who has incurred the displeas
ure of a rich politician and newspaper
editor because she had undertaken the
education of some negro children. The
girl's mother had been deserted in early
life by her husband, the father of the
girl. Through accident Grlgsby discov
ers the politician is really the girl's
father and compels him to do her jus
tice. She in turn marries Grigsby's son
and happiness is well distributed. It is
not yet certain that the play will be a
success, though announcement is made
that "Uncle Dick" has been permanently
retired.
Israel Zangwill is dramatizing his fa
mous stories, "The Children of the
Ghetto."
There are queer happenings in New
York State occasionally. A manager in
Utlca found he had booked two attrac
tions for the same date. He was forced
to give both entertainments, the second
beginning at 11 o'clock p. m.
William H. Crane is appearing at the
Knickerbocker in a comedy written for
him by Eugene W. Presbrey, and entitled
"Worth a Million." According to the
New York criticisms the title does not
indicate the value of the play.
Gabrielle d'Annunzio has finished a new
play entitled "The Dream of an Autumn
Night." By all accounts it contains noth
ing that could be fairly called indecent.
Its chief peculiarity is that all the impor
tant characters are female; that none of
them is respectable is, of course, not pe
culiar. One woman— a countess — murders
her husband for the sake of a young man
who is infatuated with a Venetian cour
tesan, and the other — the courtesan— gets
the young man to take her to the Coun
tess' palace. The Countess sets fire to the
gondola of the courtesan, who is cremated.
Dupe is to play the Countess.
When Mme. Scalchi comes to this coun
try this time she will travel alone for the
first time, she just having been divorced
from her husband. Count Lolli, who was
her manager as well. He also sold the
wines manufactured on her estates in
Italy, and he was an altogether devoted
husband.
Actresses with odd names seem to be a
fad with Daniel Frohman just now. In
the cast of "Trelawny at the Wells," with
which he is to begin the thirteenth annual
season of the Lyceum Stock Company, are
Hilda Spong, Ethel Hornick and Helma
Nelson. They have imp6rtant parts.
From all indications New York is about
to enter upon the richest operatic season
it has ever known. The subscription sale
of boxes and seats for the Grau Company
closed last Saturday, and it was stated
that the total amount received is $350,000,
very close to $200,000 more than was taken
in 1895-96. Nearly all the boxes have been
taken for the entire season. There will be
performances on fifty-one nights, and sev
enteen afternoons, covering a period of
seventeen weeks.
Assuming that Richard Mansfield is a
human being, moved by impulses usually
found in control, he must have felt some
satisfaction the other day in declining to
give a "professional matinee," says the
St. Louis Republic. An unusually long
petition was addressed to him, sighed by
nearly every actor of importance then' in
the metropolis, asking for the favor of
an extra performance of "Cyrano " It
would be interesting to know just what
proportion of the signers of the petition
have been Mr. Mansfield's maligners for
many a year. Certainly there is no man
AMTJRFMENTS.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
TO-NIGHT* LMtTlnieof
I_. "THEPOLITJCIAI."
TO-MORROW NIGHT
AND DURING ENTIRE WEEK.
- SPECIAL DOUBLE BILL.
The Private
Secretary.
And ' Louise Velllers' One-Act Comedietta En-
titled. . .
KEEPING UP APPEARANCES.
.v v. . PRICES, 15c, 25c. j 35c,- 50c. , ; •
OLYMPIA, Co , Ed on .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. :
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
,-.,.: ■ ■,-;, STARS. ;----;, v-.-^ : ■:■...■
. Direct From New York,
FORMAN AND HOWLETT,
: ■ : . ," v World's Greatest Banjolsts . !
MISS EMILY SCHEINDLE,
• ■ : Great Australian Aerlel \ Star. . '-■:'■
THE GREAT^FREADA.
. Wondarful • Turkish • Dancer. ••
' ■. :'. ■-■•..•; .'-• OMNE, ! •?/■'. '.-..'-
; Only Japanese Juggler, in the World.
' AND ' TEN GREAT STAR ACTS.
ADMISSION '■ FREE. J . MATINEE . SUNDAY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting . 1898-99, beginning MONDAY '
. Nov. 28, to SATURDAY. Dec. 10, inclusive. ' .
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
• Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. - Rain or shine.
. FIVE 'OR MORE RACES EACH \ DAY.
-"■ ■'.'■• Races Start: at 2:15 p. : m., Sharp. • '.
Ferryboats leave Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and ;3 p. f m. if connecting
with • trains „• stopping ' at : the ■ entrance to the
, Track. 1 Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
f: Returning— : leave ■ the ft Track ~at % 4:16
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
-■■:-:■- v. THOB. H. .WILLIAMS *R., President.
• R. B. MILROY. Secretary. , J J
in the profession of the theater who has
been as freely and 33 persistently assail
ed by his own fellows as Mr. Mansfield.
Many of his petitioners are, no doubt,
honest admirers of the Mansfield genius,
but many others on the list have gloried
in the Mansfield misfortunes and envied
the Mansfield good luck. It 'was a good
deal to ask him to put aside needed rest,
open the theater and bring out a troupe
of players to entertain the profession that
has never been his friend and supporter,
and it is not surprising that Mr. Mans
field replied with a note of thanks that
politely said no.
CELLINI'S FAMOUS
ESCAPE.
Few more exciting
stories have ever
been written than
the autobiograhy of
Benvenuto Cellini,
artist, worker in
precious metals, sol
dier and hero. He
lived in troublous
times, and his skill
and bravery made
him many enemies.
Eventually he incurred the enmity of
the Pope, and was promptly seized and
shut up in the giant castle of San An
gelo.
His escape from the fortress is one
of the most remarkable achievements
a man ever lived to tell.
When he was first imprisoned he was
so well treated he never even dreamed
of attempting escape. He was allowed
the run of the castle on his own parole,
and given his goldsmith's tools.
But the governor, unfortunately,
went mad, and one of his delusions was
{.hat Cellini had wings and could fly
like a bat. He therefore ordered him inn
close confinement. At the same time
a rumor reached the prisoner that the
Pope intended to sentence him to im
prisonment for life.
Immediately Cellini resolved to es
cape. He was on excellent terms with
his guards, who admired his skill and
pluck, so any small luxuries he easily
got hold of, among them four pairs < f
new heavy sheets. He had also stowed
away in his bed a large and sharp knife
and a pair of pincers.
His cell was high in a tower, his win
dow looking into a courtyard seventy
feet below. But this window was too
high and too small to get out of. Out
side his door there was, however, one
easier to climb through.
To the door he turned his attention.
It was thick and heavily plated inside
with iron plates secured by nails. After
making two ropes of his eight sheets
Cellini set himself to draw the nails
from the door.
It was the work of many nlghtr.
Each nail, as he drew it, he replaced
with one formed of wax and carefully
colored with rust to resemble iron. At
last they were all out.
It was a bright moonlight night
when, with his sharp knife the prisoner
cut through the wood of his door and
slipped the outside bolts. men he
climbed through the window on to a
stteply slanting roof and gazed into the
abyss below.
He discovered there was nothing to
tie a rope to but a projecting tile, and
of this he much doubted the strength.
Still his courage did not fail. He made
one line, the longest, as fast as he could
and then slipped over the rope and
swung dangling into the air.
His rope swayed so badly that he was
in great danger of falling, but every
thing held, and slowly he let himself
down foot by foot until at last he stood
in the courtyard below. He looked
about, and a bitter disappointment
dawned upon him.
He was almost as badly off as ever.
The walls surrounding the inclosure,
which had from above looked so small,
were fourteen feet at least in height
and no way of scaling them appeared.
Feverishly Cellini began hunting for
some means of exit. The danger of be
ing seen by the guards was great, but
this he had to risk. Minute after min
ute he crept about the gloomy inclos
ure until suddenly he tripped and al
most fell over something loose beneath
the wall.
It was a long pale which had no doubt
been used for scaffolding. He raised it
cautiously, and by its aid soon reached
the top of the wall. To his horror this
was edged with sharp spikes and on
the far side fell at least forty feet into
the dry ditch below.
But he still had his second rope, and
this he fixed firmly to the chevaux de
frise and swung out on his second per
ilous descent. Unluckily his left hand
fell across the spikes and was horribly
torn by their rusty edges. It was tor
ment unspeakable to use it as he
climbed.
Yet with clenched teeth he began his
new task.
Again the swinging against rough
masonry and the sickening sensation of
giddiness. His hand, too, was becoming
numbed and useless.
At last, quite suddenly, it gave way,
and the next thing the poor goldsmith
knew was a sickening thud as he landed
on the hard earth belo-w. Half stunned,
he lay still a moment and then tried to
rise, A start of agony. His left leg
was broken below the knee.
Yet even this last misfortune could
not quench his spirit. Cutting off a
Continued on Page Thirty-two.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSGO'SeRANDK
V* altkb Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager ,
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT. ;
' Last Performances of
THE COMMODORE!
'-. WEEK OF DECEMBER t
First Time In This City of \
"BLACKLISTED."
POPULAR PRICES, 10c. 25c. 50c. ".
INGLESIDE COURSINQ PARK.
TO-DAY. TO-DAY,
F*uippy Stake
Opetr Stake.
97 00 ADDED.
: Take a Mission-street car and it will land
you at the gates. . • .. '. ,-.
.ADMISSION.'. 25c. LADIES FREE. -'
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. S HALL, !
- . 223 SUTTER ST.
FRIDAY EVEN1NG.....;.........".... ...DEC. I
....PIANO RECITAL....
• " .' Given By
...OTTO BENDIX...
- First Time '• In . San Francisco : of. E. A. ; MAC
DOWELLS " Sonate Tragica. . .
; RESERVED SEATS. 75c.
. On Sale, Beginning : Thursday Morning, Dee.
8. at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. ; J ,;
SUTRQIBATHS.
'; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, at 2:30 p. m.
SWIMMING RACES f
.-' FOR .VALUABLE PRIZES. '
AND - MUSIC ?BY : THE GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. ■ sc. ,
OPEN DAILY FROM 7a. m. to «p. m. ,
v i '<._, BATHING FROM 7a.m.t05 p. m. ' :
U
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer again.
■\Yheat futures weak.
Barley a fraction off.
(iats= steady. Corn higher.
Hay and Feedstuff* unchanged.
Beans and Seeds undisturbed.
Onions higher. Potatoes steady.
Tomatoes in large supply.
Butter still higher. Cheese firm.
No further decline in Eggs.
More Eastern Poultry due.
tiame advanced again.
Fresh and Dried Fruit dull.
Nuts active and firm.
Hops firm.
Wool and Hides unchanged.
Meat market as before.
Bank clearings fall off.
Increased Revenue collections.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue collections last. month were
$301,432. against $144,437 for November, 1597.
For the first eleven months of the year they
were $2,772,064, a«ainst $2,363,844 for Jhe same
time In 1817. This year's collections include
Jv.6.133 for Beer. $713,904 for Spirits, $211,875 for
Tobacco and $452,418 for war stamps.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $18,367,
271, against $19,012.951 for the same week last
year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 3, 5 p. m.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season
Eureka n.OO 8.46 9.30
Red Bluff O.'X) 2.55 4.22
Sacramento 0.00 1.61 2.54
Pan Francisco 0.00 2.38 5.35
Freimo 0.00 1.46 1.41
Independence 0.00 0.32
San Luis Obispo 0.00 O.fiS 0.93
• ngeles 0.00 0.11 2. 48
Pan I'iego 0.00 0.21 1.15
Turns 0.00 0.20 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 49; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure remains central in
Idaho and Northern I'tah, while a slight de
pression is central near Vancouver Island.
Light rain has fallen in Western Washington;
elsewhere the weather remains fair. Partly
cli 'ii.ly weather is expected in Northern Cali
fornia Sunday.
X recast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 4. 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Sunday,
probably with showers on northern coast; light
southeast wind in south portion.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; fresh
northerly wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Sunday.
ITtah— Partly cloudy Sunday.
Arizona— Generally fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy;
light southeast wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais— Partly
cloudy; wind south, 8 miles; maximum tem
perature, 62; current, 58. W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— There was no marked
change in the character of the market to-day
from that which has prevailed for several days
past. Activity was for the most part confined .
to the specialt - and the extreme range in the j
price of many leading railroad stocks did not j
exceed H to U- London was a seller of Amer- |
leans again, though the rate for money was j
easier at that center in spite of the additional |
withdrawal of over $1,300,000 in gold from the ■
Bank of England, presumably for shipment to !
Germany. London's offerings of stocks here i
were fairly well absorbed, but there was no in- ;
creased demand. The grangers were remark- |
ably dull and sluggish in Eplte of the St. Paul j
statement fnr the fourth week in November,
showing a level of earnings, notwithstanding
the bad weather prevailing, never before ex
ceeded, except in 1892. There was a slight pres
sure of realizing sales in Northern, Union and
Central Pacific, but in the case of the latter
there was a subsequent rebound of 1%. Sugar
dropped a sharp fraction at the opening on ru
mors (jf further reduction in the price of the
product, but this specialty afterward moved
strongly upward on covering of shorts. Pacific
ilall was also a strong feature and moved up
to 40% on good business outlook for the com
pany. Metropolitan Street Hallway continued
Its upward course above all previous high rec
ords, while Manhattan moved in a contrary
direction, the movement being the result of the
traders' interpretation of the review talk of a
rapid-transit system. There was a resumption
of the upward movement in Federal Steel pre
ferred and apparently sympathetic advances in
Tennessee Coal and Colorado Fuel.
The events of the week in the international
exchange market have given new and con
vincing evidence of the strength of this coun
try' 8 financial position. The decline in dis
count rates abroad early in the week wiped out
the margin of profits between the Interest rates
abroad and those prevailing here.
The heavy contracts for steel rails indicate a
coming period of railroad Improvement and ex
tension, and there are numerous schemes for
consolidation and organization of great indus
tries being floated in Wall street. Among those
for the week are corporations in silver plating,
thread, tinplate. linseed oil, photographic cam
eras, etc., requiring many millions for the
process of financiering.
In the bond market prices have been fully
upward on a large and well-distributed volume
of business.
T'nitod States twos and fours and the new
fours and the fives registered have advanced
S and the olds and the fives coupon »4 in the
bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 191,700
shares, including: Atchison preferred 4200, Cen
tral Pacific 3750, Manhattan 4850, Metropolitan
Street Railway 7500. Northern Pacific 33.950,
Union Pacific 7155, St. Paul 4900, Southern Rail
way 4470, Southern Railway preferred 13,888
American Tobacco 3020, Federal Steel 3000, Fed
eral Steel preferred 11.511. Pacific Mail 15.0.50
Sugar 27.239, T. C. and I. 13,820, Rubber pre
ferred 2195.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson  16%! Do prefd 66%
Do prefd 46% Do 2d prefd...;.. 32
Baltimore & Ohio. 55% St Louis &S W. 5%
Canada Pacific.... 85 Do prefd. 1414
Canada Southern.. 64% St Paul 114
Cent Pac 33% Do prefd 162? i
Ches & Ohio 24% St P & Om 85
Chi & Alton 161 Do prefd 163
Chi B & Q 119% St P M & M ICB
Chi & E 111 65% So Pacific SOU
Do prefd 110% So Railway 10%
Chi G W 14% Do prefd 41%
Chi Ind & L 7% Texas & Pacific... 15W
Do prefd 31 Union Pacific 37%
Chi & N W 139% Do prefd 69%
Do prefd IS2 UPD4 G, 2d ast
CCC& St L 41% paid 12%
Do prefd 87 Wabash .. 774
Del & Hudson 99% Do prefd 21« i
D«l L & W........144% Wheel & L E, 4th
Den & Rio G 16% ast paid 454
Do prefd... 62 Do prefd 21%
Krie (new).... 13% Express Companies-
Do Ist prefd...... 55% Adams Ex 108
Ft Wayne 174 [American Ex. 143
Gt Nor prefd 137 United States 55
Hocking Val 3% I Wells Farg0....... 128
Illinois Cent 111% I Miscellaneous—
Lake Erie & W.... 16 A Cot Oil 34%
Do prefd 68141 Do prefd 88
Lake Shore IK! Am Spirits 12%
Louig & Nash 63% Do prefd 38
Manhattan L 97% Am Tobacco 136
Met St Ry 183% Do prefd... 125
Mich Cent 106% Cons Gas 193«
Minn & 8t L 28 .Com Cable Co 170
Do Ist prefd 94 Col F & Iron 24
Mo Pacific...: 37% Do prefd......... .77
Mobile & Ohio 27 Gen Electric 84%
Mo X & T 11% Haw Com Co 49
Do prefd 34% Int Paper 59'/i
N J Central 93 ■ Do prefd 91%
N V Central 118% Laclede Gas 53
N V Chi & St L... J3',i Lead ............... 38
Do Ist prefd 71 Do prefd 1111,4
Do 2d prefd 34 Nat Lin Oil 12%
Nor West 14»A Pacific Mail 40%
No Amer Co 7% People's Gas. 109%
No Pacific 40% ; Pullman Pal. 139
Do prefd 73% Stiver . Certificates. 60%
Ontario & W V Standard R & T... 7".
Or R & Nay 50 |Su ar 127%
Or Short Line 36 I Do prefd 112
Pac C Ist prefd... 76 JT C & Iron 31%
Do 2d prefd 56 |v S Leather 6%
Plttsburg 172 1 Do prefd 68%
Beading 18% U S Rubber 46%
Do Ist prefd 44% Do prefd .....108%
R G W.. 27 Went Union 934
Do prefd «3 i Federal Steel Co.. 31%
Rock Island. 108% Do prefd 77%
St Louis & S F.... B%>Brooklyn R T...... 69
CLOSING BONDS. ',
V B 3s 106 N V Central lsts..H6
V B new 4s reg..128 N J C 55.. 114%
Do coup 125% N Carolina 6s 129%
V S 4s 111% Do 4s 104
Do ooup 113 No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds .99% Do 3s 67
U S6s reg 112% Do 4s : 101%
Do 5s coup 113% N V C & St L 45. 106
District 3.655.. .....118 Nor & W, 6s 122
Ala class A.. ....'.110% Northwest consols. 144 ■
Do. B- 109% Do deb 5s 11714
Do C .: 104 O Nay lsts ..... .114 -
Do Currency ....102 O Nay 45.. 99%
Atchison 4s ...... 98% O 8 Line 6s term.l3o
Do adj 4s ...... 73% OS Line 6s term. lll
Can-So 2ds.. 110% Pacific 6s of 95.. 102%
C & O 4%5.... 89% Reading 4s ........ 84%
Chicago Term 45.. 92 RG W lsts 90
C & Ohio 65..^....116 St L& I M Con 65.f00%
C H & D 4%5....104% St &SF Gen 65. 122%
D& R G lsts .108 St P Con ...... 162 .. -
D & R G 4s 100 St PC & P 15t5..120
East Term 15t5....1«7% Do 5s ............119
Erie Gen 4s 74% So Ry 5s ..........104%
F W & D lsts tr. . 77% Standard R & T 6s 79 -
Gen Elec 55. ...... 108 Term new set 3s. 93%
G H & S A 65.... 105 Tex Pac L lsts.lo7
Do 2ds ..........102 • - Do, Reg 2<15...... 46
H & T C 5s 110 Union Pacific 45.. .101%
Do con 65 •;:..■.'. 110 ■'• U'P;D'& G lsts.. 86%
lowa. C 15t5....... 103% Wabash. Ist 5b ....112 ■■
La new consols 4s. 106% -—^d 5; ........... 90%
li* N TJnl 4«.... 85% W- Short, is .......113
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries S7^4
MX & T 2ds 65U Do deferred 7V«
Do 4s 90 Wls Cent lstg 62* 4
MINIIsG STOCKS.
Chollar 23; Ontario * 75
Crown Point <14 Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 10-
Peadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry... 15| Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 1 401 Sierra Nevada ... 1 15
Homestake 50 00 Standard ISO
Iron Silver 74: Union Con 24
Mexican 3<)i Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestingh Elec .... 37=54
Call loans 2@3 Do prefd 59 V 4
Time loans ....' 3@-i!Ed Elec Tel 195
Stocks — Atchlson prefd 46
A T & St Fe 16 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 127** Atchison 4s 97
Do prefd 113^ Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas 2% Allouez Mining Co. 51*
Hell Tel 280 Atlantic 30
Boston & Albany.. 247 Boston & M0nt.... 231)
Boston & Maine.. 165 Butte & Boston 56
Boston L 77 Calumet & Hecla. .610
Chi Bur & Q 119H Centennial 24ty
Fitchburg 104>^ Franklin 10%
111 Steel 170 Old Dominion .... 32> t
Mexican Central .. 5 Osceola 67H
N V & N Eng.... 96 Quincy 134
Old Colony 195 Tamarack 168
Rubber 47 Wolverine 31V4
Union Pac 377* Parrott -. 30
West End 89 .Humboldt 3%
Do prefd 110 I
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The Financier says:
An expansion of $6,327,600 In the loans of the
New York Clearing-house banks last week,
obviously in the form of credits, accounts for
the greater part of the increase of $6,796,500 in
deposits. The gain in cash was only $439,500,
and as the added reserve requirements were
over one and two-thirds millions. the excess re
serve falls $1,259,625, and it now stands at $17,
097,950. The statement reflects the active busi
ness of the week, althoueh receipts of cur
rency from the Interior do not appear to have
been in the volume estimated. Whatever gain
was made, however, has been offset by treasury
operations. There is no question that the
activity on the Stock Exchange accounts in
part for the increase in loans, but to what
extent the absorption of sterling figures is
difficult to judge. The money market has
a complicated series of circumstances to face
within the next thirty days. In the first place
the growing volume of business of a specu
lative character will call for a steady supply of
funds.
The banks are easily able to furnish this,
but whether they can do so and still continue
investments in sterling is another matter. For
eign credits are accumulating here, mostly
on merchandise account and because of re
newed purchases of American securities. A
very slight fall in exchange will start gold
imports, and while last week's engagement of
something over a million dollars may be re
garded as nothing more than a spasmodic
symptom the fact remains that the present
balance cannot go on building up Indefinitely.
The return of a considerable portion of this
money will hasten the period of gold Imports,
although it is difficult to see how this bal
ance is to be reduced under existing circum
stances for a long time. As the end approaches
there is naturally a great deal of preparation
for dividend requirements and It is not unlikely
that rates r.iay harden fractionally. Still the
outlook favors a continuance of easy money.
The changes In the statement for the current
week can be traced directly to one or two large
banks which loan heavy amounts on the street
and are interested In sterling exchange opera
tions.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. B.— The Evening Poet's
London financial cablegram says:
The stock markets here opened dull to-day,
notably Americans, but the latter, with the
exception of Central Pacific, closed at a slight
improvement. Nearly two million pounds was
repaid by the market to the bank to-day, but
money was easy notwithstanding this, and the
London market rate was 3% per cent.
There was a further heavy gold movement
from the bank. It was not made known, how
ever, during business hours and will cause sur
prise to the market. It is generally believed
that, although gold Is going to Germany, much
of the present withdrawal on German account
has really entered recently into various ex
tensive financial schemes with Russian com
panies for whom Germany had specially con
tracted to supply a certain portion of the capi
tal In gold. This is not costing Berlin dearly.
CLOSING.
LONDON', Dec. 3.— Canadian Pacific, 87%;
Grand Trunk, 7**; bar silver, steady, 27Vsd;
money, 2(&2'^ per cent.
Spanish fours closed quiet on the Stock Ex
change to-day at 41 9-16, against 41Vs, the clos
ing price of yesterday.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts. 28,
088 barrels; exports, 11,839. Quiet but steady.
Winter patents, $3 80@3 S5; winter straits, $3 45
@3 55; Minnesota patents, $3 75@4; winter .ex
tras, 12 Ss@3; Minnesota bakers', $2 So@3 10;
winter low grades. 12 40@2 70.
HEAT— Receipts, 461,825 bushels: exports,
75,500 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 77c f.
o. b. afloat. Options opened easy under bearish
cables, rallied on covering, but weakened
again through dullness and closed Vie lower.
January, 74%'a-74 »c. closed 74% c; May, 71H@
71*ic, closed 71V*c; December, 71%@73Hc,
closed 73^c.
HOPS — Steady; State common to choice,
1896 crop, 7@Bc; 1R97 crop, ll@13c; 189S crop, 19@
21c; Pacific Coast. 1896 crop, 7@Se; 1&97 crop.
11® 13c; IS9S crop, 19@21c.
WOOL— Steady; fleece, 17@'22c.
METALS— The flrm fixing the settling price
for leading miners and smelters at the West
quotes lead at $3 45; copper, $12 75; casting cop
per, $11 75.
The Metal Exchange Issued no report to-day.
COFFEE— Options closed easy, net unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 11.25U bags, including
December, $5 40; March, $5 70; May. $5 SO; June,
$5 90; July, $5 95; August, $6. Spot coffee—
Steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 jobbing,
6?4c; mild, steady; Cordova, B@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw. firm but quiet; fair refining,
3 15-16 c: centrifugal, 96 test. 3 3-16 c; molasses
sugar, 3 11-16 c; refined, dull and nominal;
moM A. 5V4c; standard A. 5%c; confectioners'
A, 6^4c; cut loaf, 5%»c; crushed, 6%c; powdered,
t%c; granulated, 5Uc; cube, 5%e.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3552 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 15<g23c; Elgins, 23c; factory,
14»*c.
EGGS — Receipts, 4779 packages. Steady;
Western, 26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6fflSc;
prime wire tray, SftSHc; choice. 9@9V4c; fancy,
10c.
PRUNES— 4@IO%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark, 14@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, S%<§l2V4c; peeled, 10®
20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— Considering that Liver
pool showed closing declines of %@%d North
west receipts gave no signs of falling off and
the opening in wheat was . stronger than might
have been expected. May, started only a shade
under yesterday's closing price- at 66%<g66%c,
and after a few moments' hesitation advanced
under a very little buying to 66% c. For about
an hour trading was of moderate volume, but
scattered • and confined mostly to . room traders,
commission houres having almost no outside
orders either way. The week's clearances of
wheat and flour from this country broke all
previous records, amounting to 7.485,000 bueh
els, but even this fact failed to stimulate trad
ing to any appreciable extent, and before 11,
o'clock the market began to suffer from the
lack of interest and prices Hlowly declined. 
Shortly before the close May touched 66% c.
This was about "put" price and some buying
to protect privileges gave a little better. tone
to the last few minutes of trading, the market
clo6lng fairly steady at 66% c. . ■ -
There ■ was a good trade in corn and the
market for most of the session was quite firm,
December particularly. The 1 market eased oft
late in I the | day on colder weather west and
prospects for a freer country movement. May
closed unchanged. . : "J,
The market for oats was, rather weak
throughout. The range was - .narrow. May
closed %4(%c lower.
: The continued heavy receipts of hogs af
fected provisions and the- market showed weak
ness for the. first time this week. Packers sold
liberally, the support coming mostly from the
outside. i Prices tended | slowly downward * and
closed at about the bottom. January pork 7%c
lower, lard, 2%© 5 c lower and ribs 5c lower at
*4 CO. V - ■ « -
The leaAing futures ranged as follows:
\ Articles-^ .' Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— - -■ , 5
December .....-.....' 65% t 60% 65% • ; 65%
May .....'. 66% 66% 66% 66%
Corn No. 2— ■ .
December •.....*..... 33% 33% 33% 33%
May 34% 34% 34% 34%
July ; 35 -35% 35 35
Oats No. 2— .
December • 26% 26% '26% 26'-i
May ................ 26% • . 26% \ 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
December 7 90 -; '- 790 790 790
January ..9 27% 9 27% 9 17% 9 17%
May .........9 47% 9 47% 940 940
Lard, per 100 pounds- - ■ - . ' - ■
January .......'....: 515 '6 15 610 610 '
May .....5 30 ... ■ 5 32% 525 625 -
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— . •
December ■...........;....■-...■... ...... 445 ■
January 4 67% 4 67% •4 60 460
May 480 4 82% 476 475
Caßh quotations were as follows: i ;,:
Flour, ' steady: "- winter ' patents, •" $3 50®3 60'
straights, $3 16@3 *): spring specials. $4H4 10;
spring patents. $3 30@3 60; straights. $2 90©3 10;
I bakers', $2 20@2 50; , No. 3 ' spring" Wheat. 62®
j 65c; No. 2 red, f. o. b.,'.70c; N0..2 Corn, 33%@
' 34% c; No. 2 Oats, f. o. b., 27%@28%c; No. I
1 white, t. o. b., 30% c; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 28%
4r29Mtc; No. 2 Rye, f.3%c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.
41@520; No. 1 Flaxseed, |l; Prime Timothy
Seed, |2 20; Mess Pork, per barrel, $7 90@7 95;
Lard. • per 1 100 p pounds. $4 95@5 17% : Short Rib
Sides, loose. $4 50^4 70; Dry SAlted Shoulders,
boxed, 1 4\i'ff4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, :$4 85
@4 95; Whisky. distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, %l 26; Sugar, cut loaf, 5.80 c; granulated
5.30 c. .;- : . ■.;-;... . ■..- *-■ ' :' :■ ': .: ..,-.■.■. --/uV. : .".;
'Articles— - ReceipU. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels *.;.i.... ..:.... 28,000 ? 28.000
Wheat, bushels ........:... .154.000 91,000
Corn. bushel« 328,000 920,000
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
Oats, bushels 377,000 . , 246,000
Rye, bushels 20,000 1,500
; Barley, bushel* 54.000 17,000
. On 1 the j Produce , Exchange . to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 15@21%c; dairies,
12@19c. Cheese, steady: SM:@lo%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 22@23c. -.-;-. - ■
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
/ Receipts. Shipments.-
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 535.920 89,910
Duluth '.... ....;...■ 654,363 293,090
Milwaukee ..;..... 90.3r.0 83,350
Chicago ...... .............. 154.500 90.C59
Toledo 35.288 ' 67,000
St. Louis. ....69.000 89.000
Detroit 15,535 1.502
! Kansas City ...... 53.500 . 82,600
Totals ■...;....• 1.608,456 746,711
1 .Tidewater—
Boston 6,867 32,903
New York ...... 421,825 75,666
Philadelphia v. 39,785 _ 65.796
Baltimore :..... 125.77S . 14.599
New; 0r1ean5........:.......- 67.500
Galveßton 54,164 ... 104,000
Totals .651,419 ... 360,764
• . LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— 'L'-.i'.il Dec. Mar.
Opening ; 6 Vt 5 9%
Closing. .. •••••
PARIS FUTURES. '"__-% -
Flour— -,-,'..-, Dec. Jan.-Arl.
Opening 45 90 45 60
Closing •••••
Wheat— .. •»■"•;. . ' ■ '. ' ■■'
Opening 2135 2115
Closing • ......
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— CATTLE— was a
little better ; supply of cattle to-day than is
usual at the end of the week. All offerings
# wen? taken and the market , ruled strong at
f about yesterday's range of prices. A few fancy
cattle sold for $4 90; the bulk of "cattle were
disposed of at J4 56@4 65.
HOGS— There was a fairly active demand for
hogs and prices did not show ' much " change.
Sales were ' made of common to grime lots
at $3 20@3 67V4, the bulk of the hogs crossing
the scales at $3 40. Pigrs sold principally at
$3 05<g3 25.
SHEEP— Trade In sheep and lambs was fairly
active at about yesterday's range of ! prices.
Offerings were not large. Lambs sold from
I $3 50(&5 50, and sheep from $2 50@$4 35. Year
i lings brought $4@4 75. ,
Receipts— Cattle, 500; hogs, 29,000; sheep, 300.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
500: market unchanged. v.--".. 5
HOGS— Receipts, $000; market steady. Bulk
of sales. $3 25®3 40; heavies, $3 30@3 42%; pack
ers, $3 25@3 47V • lights. $3®3 32Vi; yorkers, $3 30
@3 32%: pigs,-$2 So<§3 20.
[ SHEEP — Receipts, 1500: market steady.
Lambs, $4@5 25; muttons, S2 60@4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Dec. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, • BOO;
market steady. Native beef steers, $4@5 30;
Western steers, $3 70(54 30; Texas steers. $3 30
i?f? 90; cows and heifers. $3 2f'&4; canners. $2@
3; stockers and feeders, $3 40®4 40; bulls, stags,
etc., $2 40@3 80.
HOGS — Roceiits. 6f»00; market shade stronger.
Heavy, S3 25(tf3 30: light, $3 30@3 37^; pigs, $3
@3 25: bulk of sales. $3 27Mi©3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 800; market steady. Native
mu-tons, $3SO(g4 25; Westerns, $3 50 @ 4 20;
deckers, $2 7c!g3 75; lambs, $4@5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts. 300.
Market steady, but weak. Beef steers, $3 50®
4 25; cows, $2 75(53 25: feeders, freight paid to
river, $2 Ss<§4; stockers, freight paid, $3 50®
4 15; bulls, stags, etc., $1 7o<S2 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 400. Market shade higher.
Light packers. $3 35@3 40; mixed, $3 30@3 35;
heavy, $3 15@3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market dull.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Dec. S.— Consols, 110%; silver.
27>*.d; French rentes, 102f 70c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers withdrawn; cargoes on pas
sage, f-afier.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 3.— Wheat, firm; wheat in
Paris, weak: flour in Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
AVHEAT — No. 2 red Western, winter
stocks exhausted; No. 1 red Northern spring,
firm. 6s 10V>d; No. 1 California. 6s lOd.
CORN— A~merlcan mixed spnt old, steady. 3s
10' id: December, quiet, 3s 9^d; January, noth
ing quoted; March, quiet, 3s 7%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady, Bs.
HOPS— At London. Pacific Coast, firm. £5@6.
Wheat futures closed easy; December. 6s
%d; March, 5s 9Vid.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— At the Wool auction sales
to-day 10,064 bales were offered, which included
a larce selection of New South Wales and
Queensland merinos. Home buyers secured a
large proportion of the Russian Wool and a
few greasies. During the week 37,000 bales were
sold The withdrawals amounted to 1000 bales
dally. The market was strong with a firm de
mand, except for low heavy cross-breds.
SPECIE MOVEMENT AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The exports of specie
from the Dort ot New York for the week
amounted to $29,000 in gold and $1,091,027 in sil
ver
The imports were: Gold. $156 624; silver, $39,
404; merchandise and dry goods, $7,258,886.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 3.— Exchanges, $250,
802; balances, $55,082.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 3.— WHEAT— Weak;
Walla Walla, 58@59c; Valley, 60<g61c; Blue
Stem, 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 3.— WHEAT— CIub, 69Uc;
Blue Stem, 62^ 63c.
LOCAL~MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83>i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86>4
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17'zi
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars — 47Va
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINa
WHEAT — Futures were weak, but there was
no change in spot quotations.
Exports from this port In November were
199.507 ctls, valued at $250,066, making total
exports thus far this crop year of 718.163 ctls,
valued at $922,600.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 16@1 16%; milling,
$1 20@l 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May— lß,ooo
ctls, *1 18%.
Second Session— May— lß,ooo ctU, $1 18%; 4000,
$1 1S»>; 44.U00. $1 IMi.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 ISVi: 20.000. $1 IH%: 12,000, »1 18%.
BARLEY— The market was weak and dull,
with no ;iales on call.
Feed, $1 25® 1 27%; Brewing, $1 32%@1 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS — The market was quiet at the old quo
tations.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%-gl 30 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 22Vi<&"l 25; common. $1 17%@1 20; Sur
prise. $1 35@1 42%; Gray, $1 20@l 22%; milling,
II 2SOI 30 per ctl; Red, Jl 40@l 47%; Black,
$1 60-S1 70.
CORN— The market le very firm, with light
offerings. *
Small round yellow, $1 1501 17%; Eastern
large yellow, $1 10; white, $1 10; mixed, »1 07%
per otl; California white, .
RYE— California, »1 20@l 22%; Eastern, $1 15
@1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, *4 15@4 26; bakers'
extras. $3 !KXg4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In Backs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the > trade: - Graham
Flour.' s3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. " $7; • Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream ■ Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50: Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 83<g6 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. ■ • •
IIAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues ,' dull :■ at the recent decline.
Feedstuffs remain ■: unchanged.
TtnAN— sl4 50@15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI3^2O per ton. . . :-.
' FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 50@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at Hhe mill, $31@31 50;>'Job
binK, $32@52 50; Cocanut Gake. $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2S(S3O per ; ton: : Cornmeal, * $23 50®
24 50: Cracked Corn, $24@2r>. ■''):>■%-■
CALIFORNIA' i HAY— Wheat, $16 50@17 60 for
good to -, choice * and $14©16 ■ for ; lower •' grades:
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15®16 50;
Oat, $14@ir, 50: Island Barley, $11@14; Alfalfa.
$11(312 50; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat ■ and Oat,- $13 ■ 50@15; Cheat,
$12<??12 50; Alfalfa. $10@10 50; ; Oat. $13@14 50;
Clover. $11 Co@l2 50; Timothy, $11 50®13 per ton.
- STRAW— SS@7Sc; per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
All kinds remain as previously quoted. Busi
ness is dull. ;,;"- ':__',."■'■'. •',•■ ;""• -.'-' '■;'::■;■ ■'
'■■ *BE ANS--Bayos. - $1 ' 96@2 05 Small Whites,
$2 15<S?2 20: i Large' Whites, \ $111 1 80@l 80; - ; Pinks,
$1 : 90® 2 ' 06 :' Red*. $3 ' 25; •; Blackeye, '-: $3 60@3 75;
Butters; $2<&2 50; Lirnas. $3 25@3 36: Pea, $2 15®
2 25: Red- Kidneys. $2 400250 per ctl. - ■ ■» '* P
)■ SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 60e>4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax. $2£T2 25; Canary
Seed. 2'4(?i2*ic , per • lb: Alfalfa. ■: 6^@7c; Rape,
iH'iiri'^r: llprap. 2U®3c;' Timothy. s®sW.c.
» DRIED PEAS— Nllea, > $1 60@l 75; . Green, $1 75
@1 S5 per ctl. ,' :■■•,.■...•'■■*■. -.' .■'-■■'.■■'■-■'■'.'■-'■. :'.--\: '.--\
POTATOES. ONIONS » AND VEGETABLES:
- Early Re sa i Potatoes I ar* scare* "; and i blgbtr. <
Onions have again advanced. The market Is
overstocked with Los Angeles Tomatoes, but
the bay descriptions are running out.
POTATOES— GOc for Early Rose and 30@50c
for River Burbanks: Salinas Burbanks, 75c@
$1 10; Oregon, 75cg>$l; Sweet Potatoes, 60<fj75e
for nearby and $1 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes, l(g-2c per lb.
ONIONS— 60ig-7".c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@6c; String
Beans, 4@7c; Cabbage. 40@50c; Tomatoes, 25^3'ic
for Bay and 50((iS5c for Los Angeles; Garlic.
(i<i?7c per lh: Dried Okra. 10c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, $10@12 per ton; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16<SlSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips. 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c. •
POULTRY AND GAME.
Receipts of Poultry were Insignificant. More
Eastern will be put on to-morrow.
Game sold higher again.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 17@18c: live
Turkeys, 13(ffl4c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
$1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4@6 for old and $4 50@6
for young; Hens, $3 dOiS'o; young Roosters,
$4@5; old do, %VgA 50; Fryers, $4©4 50; Broil
ers, $4®4 50 for large. $3®3 50 for small; Pig
eons, $i@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 75<g>2 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25<£1 50; Mallard, $3 50@4;
Canvasback, $S<f?S; Sprig, $2@3; Teal, $1 50®
1 75; Widgeon, $1 50<§2; Small Duck, $1 25@1 50;
English Snipe, $2@3; Jack Snipe, Sl@l 25; Gray
Geese, $2 50@3; White Geese, $1 25@1 50; Brant,
$1 50@2; Honkers, $3'g4: Hare, $I@l 25; Rab
bits, $1 25(31 50 for Cottontails and $1 for
small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter closed the week at a further advance.
Eggs were weak, but no lower. Cheese is
firm and all descriptions sell at about the
same prices, which Is something unusual.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25@26c; seconds.
23ff24c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 21@23c; common
grades, 17<&20c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll,
17tfrlSc: creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16®16 ! / ic per
lb; Elgin. 22W22>*.c.
CHEESE— Choice mini new, ll»4®12c; old, 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar, 12(&12Vsc; Young Amer
ica. 12c: Eastern, 12J113e.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs," 35@37Vic per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 39082ttc; Eastern, 20@25c tor ordi
nary and 27V2@2S : »c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market is well supplied with seasonable
kinds and prices sh^-"- little change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2(£j3 per chest for large and
$9 for small.
Cranberries, $S@9 per barrel for Eastern
and $1(»1 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 40<g60c per box; crates sell 10@15c
higher than boxes.
Raspberries, $2 50@4 per cheßt.
Apples, 354p60c for common, 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 20 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 50*81 75.
Pears— soc@l per box.
Persimmons fined $1 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 50@3 50
per box; Seedlings, $I®l 25; landarlns, $1 25®
1 50; Lemons, $I@2 for common and $2 50@4 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, $4; Cali
fornia Limes. 50tfi>75o per small box; Grape
Fruit. $1 50(84; Bananas. $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market for fruits continues dull and no
improvement is looked for until spring.
Nuts are active and firm.
DRIED FRUIT-Prunes, 6V4c for 40-50's, 4%
@5c for 50-60' 8, 3%c for 60-70' s, 3c for 70-80" 8,
2%c ■ for 80-90' 2c for 90-100's and 1%@1%c
for 100-110' b; Silver Prunes; 2%@5c;- Peaches,
6@7'4c for good to choice, 7V£@Bc for fancy ana
10<3>12%c for peeled; Apricots, .o@l2c for Royals
an 3 12®12Hc for Moorpark; Evuporated Apples.
7Vl@7Vsc: sun dried. 4@4Vic; Black Figs, sacks,
2@2%c; Plums, 4%@6c for pitted and l@l%o for
unpitted; Nectarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, 6@Sc for quarters and S@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, s^@6Vic for Seed
less SUltanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
Jl 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2'!i@3c.
Chestnuts. S'gl2^c per 1b; Walnuts,
C@7c for hardshell, S@lOc for softshell; Almonds,
C@7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell. 14(Lil5c for
paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 4Vfc
@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@lic for bright and B<g!>c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6%@
7c; light amber ex racted, 6c; dark. s@sVic
per lb. — av^^-'j '■'.'■:-'
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There Is a fair trade in Eastern goods, but
the local packers are doing very little.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10Hc
for extra light and 12@12Hc for pugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10<4c; California
Hams, 9i4@9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. Ill; Family Beef. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 r>o.a>
16: Smoked Beef. HH@l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at sV£c per lb
for compound and 6^i®7c for pure; palls, 7^c;
California tierces, 4*'. @5c per lb for compound
and 6c fur pure; half-barrels, 6Hc- 10-lb tins,
7%c: 6-lb tins, 7%c. .
COTTOLENE — Tierces. s'*<ffsHc; ackagea
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 In a case, 9Vfcc;
3-!b pails. 20 in a case, SHe; B-lb pails. 12 in a
case, B^c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets 20
lbs net, SV4c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7T»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Shipment of 175,992 pounds Hops, valued at ,
$29,500, to Australia. This shows a valuation I
of a fraction over 16c ppr lb.
Hides and Wool stand the same as previous
ly quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, S>ic; light, sc; Cowhides
8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf, Sc;
dry Hides, sound. 15c: culls and brands, 12c'
dry Kip and Veal, l">c; dry ?alf, 17c; Sheep- !
skins, shearlings. UfiKc each; short wool, 3u©
40c each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool, 90c@l 10 I
each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 7"4?2 for large and
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $150
for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3\k«*.Zy iC per ib
No. 2, 2%c: rr-flned. 4*;@sc; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12 I
months', 7©'9 c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months'. SftJc: Foothill and Northern, free,
12Cg'14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@16c: Nevada, 10®
I8o; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9,g>n
Northern Mountain 8@ 9
Mountain 7@ '.>
Plains e@ 8
HOPS— IB9B crop, nViflUc. per lb for ordinary
15@16c for Kood and 17(5?19c for choice to fancy!
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Raps for next season,
nominal, at 4%®Se; Wool Bags, '6@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags, $4 S5.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50: Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 In bulu and $10
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, IS 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Caßtle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflr.ins Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: "'ube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c: Powdered, 6V4e; Candy
Granulated, 5%0; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A. 5Hc; California A, s'<c; -Maenolla V
6%c; Hxtra C, sc: Golden C. 4%c; half-barrels
V4c more than barrels, and boxes Uc more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are eajy, with ample arrivali. Beef
and Mutton ore firm.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a. 1 ? follows:
BEEF— First quality, ; choice, 7c;
second quality, 6c; third quality, 4«.cg!ji£c
VEAL— Laree, B@S4r; small. SffSVJ.c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Sc; Ewes. 7c.
LAMB— S@BV4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4c for large. for me
dium and 3*i*J3'£c for small: stock Hogs 2V,
©3c; dressed Hogs. 6<SfiM,c for prime.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Saturday. December 3.
Flour, qr sks 2.70$ Wool, bales 113
Barley, ctls 4,3*0 Eggs, doz 4 350
Butter, ctls 6S,\Vine, gals 24 3iH)
Cheese, ctlx 40 1 Leather, rolls ' G7
Tallow, otls 2201 Hides, no 1,740
Heans, sks 1.653 Raisins, bxs 653
Potatoes, sks 3,583; Pelts, bdls 133
Onions, ska 1.100 Quicksilver, flks. 100
Middlings, sks 240 Wine, gals 42 100
Hay. tons 2SO Sugar, sks ' 75
Straw, tons 10
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4,448|8ran, sks 3 898
Wheat, ctlß 6.6701 Rye, ctls '250
Barley, ctls 1,905 Screenings, sks.. 1205
Oats, ctls 1,235:
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 900 1 Potatoes, sks 226
Oats, ctls 430!
THE STOCK MARKET.
The few changes in mining- stocks were gen
erally toward lower prices.
In local securities Hawaiian was weak at
$49 and Hutchinson firm at $64.
The Gould & Curry assessment falls delin
quent in board and the Potosi assessment In
office to-morrow, and the Justice assessment
sale takes place also.
The court decision awarding the Hale &
Norcross shareholders a dividend of $1 50 per
share wae the principal event In mining stocks
last week. It is understood that the Fox di
rectors will control the mine.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 40c to-morrow.
The San Jose Water Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 50c per share on the 10th
inst.
On November 14, at the Alaska United gold
mill, 120 stamps began operation; another mill
of 100 stamps will be completed in April and
the Alaska-Treadwell mill of 300 stamps will
be running In May, and BSO stamps will be
dropping within a radius of a mile and a half.
They will make ISOO tons of sulphurets per
month. These mills are all on the same ledge,
which in one place on the Treadwell ground is
416 feet wide. They are down in the deep
est place only 420 feet.
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining Com
pany of Idaho has declared a dividend of 7c
per share, amounting to $21,000. payable to
morrow.
The Republic Gold Mining Company of
Washington State has declared a dividend of
3c per share, amounting to $30,000, payable De
cember 10.
The following Colorado mining companies
paid dividends on November 25: Lillie, $33,
750; Strong, $25,000; Apple Ellen, $25,000; Elk
ton, $2S,n<)o; Golden Cycle,- $15,000; Associated,
$11,000: Modoc. $10,000, and Montreal. $7500.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie,
for the week ending November 26. the U6uaU
prospecting work was done on the 150, 31S
and 552 levels and in the Barrington tunnel.
Small veins of good ore are being found. In
the Btopes some of the ore is of high grade.
Good progress is being made with the work
at the mill. The blacksmith and machine
shops are all inclosed. The main building
frame is about half up and sheathing will be
gin in a few days. On the pole line they are
stringing the third wire. At tailing plant No.
1 428 tone of tailing's were treated during the
week.
Mining dividends paid in November were as
follows:
Mine— Amount.
Anaconda Copper $1, 500, 000
Anchoria-Leland 6,000
Associated 12,500
Boston & Montana 760,000
Bullion B. & Champion 10,000
I Bunker Hill & Sullivan 21,000
Central Lead 5,000
Elkton Con 20.000
Empire State 10,000
Gold Coin 10,000
Grand Central 31.250
Highland 20,000
Homestake 62,500
Mammoth 20,000
Mercur 25,000
Modoc 10.000
Moon-Anchor 45.00(1
North Star 60,000
Pennsylvania » 2,575
Portland 60.000
Republic 30.000
Siiver King 37.500
Smuggler 10,000 I
Swansea 5.000 1
Strong 25,000
War Eagle 26,250 i
Total $2,804,525
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Dec. 3.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— S P G & E... 85 85Vi
4s quar coup. .112*4113 San Fran 2% 3%
4s quar reg...11l HIM. Stockton Gas.. — 14
4s quar new.. .127%125Vi Insurance —
3s cjuar c0up.. 106 106>4 Flrem's Fund. 2lo —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab a 5. .115 117 Contra Costa.. 52% 54%
Cal El 6s 125 — Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 55... 101 — Spring Valley. 101^102
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks —
E L& P 65. ..130 — Anglo-Cal .... 63 64%
F&CI Ry 65.114 — Bank of Ca1... 252% —
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal S D & T.. — 99
HC & S 5%5.. — — First Nationl.2lo 215
L A L Co 6». — 100 Lon P & A.... 132% —
Do gntd 65. 100 — Mcr Exchange — 16
Market-st 65.. 129 — Nev Nat 8....175 178
Do Ist M 55. 115% — Savings Banks—
NCN O R 7s. WX — Ger S & L...1620 —
N Ry Cal 65.. 113% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. 105 — Mutual Say. — 45
NPC R R 65.103 — S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 55.100%101 S& L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
Om Ry 6s 127 — Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 6s. 107 — California ....103 —
P &O 6s 112 — Oenrv 45 -
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st .... 57^4 57%
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — Oak SL& H. — —
j S F & N P 55.H0%110% Presidio 9% —
! SlerraßOal 65.104%105% Powder—
SPof Ar 65..110%111 California ....132% —
S P Cal 65. ...111% — E Dynamite... RS fIS
SPCIs eg 65. 102% — Giant Con Co. 55% 59
S P Br 6s 117 117% Vigorlt 2% 3
S V Water 65. 119 120 I Miscellaneous—
S V Water 4s. 102% — ' Al Pac A55n..103%104H
S V W4s(3clm)lol 101%IGer Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn das 65. .100 — JHana P C 0.... 17% 17%
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 491,4 —
Capital Gas...— — Hutch S P Co. 64 64%
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. »0 —
Cent L & P... 0% 10% ! Oceanic S Co.. 60 61
Mutual El Co. 12%— Pac A F A... 1% 2%
Oakland Gas.. 52V4 — Pac C Bor Co. 100 —
Pac Gas Imp. 55% — Par Paint Co. 7H —
Pac L Co 4714 —
Mornlnjr Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 52 50
70 Giant Powder Con 68 50
20 Giant Powder Con 58 62%
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 49 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 64 00
25 L P & A nank 133 no
350 Market Street Railway 57 37%
10 Mutual Electric Light 12 50
$6000 Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. los 25
30 Oceanic S S Co 60 00
$1000 8 P Branch Ry bonds 117 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 23 1100 Justtce 19
300 Best & Belcher. 33, 400 Mexican '9
300 Best & Belcher. 40 400 Ophir 69
600 Gould & Curry. 16200 Overman 04
150 Hale & Norcrs.l 60/700 Union Con ...;. 2K
Following wore the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha Con .... 06 700 Justice 20
300 Belcher 25 400 Justice 19
300 Belcher 23 600 Mexican 29
700 Best & Belcher. 40 400 Ophlr 70
400 Con Cal & Va.l 37% 700 Ophlr 69
! 1100 Gould & Curry. 16 f.OO Potosi 27
300 Gould & Curry. 17,500 Scorpion
400 Hale & Norcrs.l 60|400 Union Con ... 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
„, SATURDAY, Dec. 3-12 m.
.:.-'.'-. ■■'Bia. Ask. ! . • Bid Ask
Alpha C0n...... 05 06 Julia oi 02
Alta . 12 14 Justice .......'' is • 19
Andes OS 10 Kemuck 05 06
Belcher ........ 23 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 29 30
Best & Belcher 39 40 Occidental . 65 —
Bullion 04 06 Ophir 69 70
Caledonia .. — 23 Overman 03 04
Chollar ......... 26 27IPotosl 26 27
Challenge Con. 16 17 Savage .... 19 jo
Confidence ..... 70 — Scorpion ...;...— 05
Con Cal & Va..l 3.'. 140 Seg Belcher — 05
Con Imperial ... 01 02 Sierra Nevada.l 30 135
Crown Point .. .18 : 19 Silver Hill — 06
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate ... 03 —
Eureka Con — 30. — Standard 170 —
Exchequer — 02 Union C0n...... 27 28
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Utah 14 15
Hale & Norcrs.l 55 160 Yellow Jacket. 18 20
MINING STOCKS.
Hlßhest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock.
M.
T.
w.
T.
K.
Alpha
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar
Con Cal & Va
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross
Justice
Mexican
Ophir
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savage
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union
Vtah
Tellow Jacket
06
n
! OS
i 24
I 40
04
or,
1 30
I
i
1
1
1
1
ANTIDOTE FOR A SOLDIER.
They were at the first matinee after the
return from the summer in different
places. They were exchanging confi
dences.
"What sort of a looking man is he?"
asked one.
"Oh, tall and thin, handsome, smooth
face."
"Is he a swell?"
"Indeed, he is. He wears evening dress
every night, whether he's going to a
party or not."
"Does he say 'bean' or 'bin?' "
"Always says 'bean' and carries his
handkerchief in his sleeve."
"How about his 'as? "
"Why, he uses broad ones, and I heard
that he took a cold bath every morning,
whether the weather was hot or freez
ing."
"Really, and you know him well? You
lucky girl! He must be a regular swell."
"And he wears his trousers turned up
whatever the weather is."
"You lucky girl! Can't you bring him
around to call on Sunday? I'd like Clara
to see him. She's so stuck up about that
soldier of hers who never got any nearer
the fighting than Tampa."— New York
Sun.
London's Lord Mayor, Sir John Voce
Moore, is 72 years old, one of the oldest
men ever elected to the position.
TUB CALLS CALENDAR.
December, 1898.
We
Moon* Phases.
fl!
(>
s
5
'VL December. % li-
j^s; New Moon.-
: December"; 18.
13
10
16
ti
■it
IS
»
81
iW-?
*j
I /C?i I Pull JfcOon,
pSDeoember at.
I -. ■ ■' -
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality ana
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice statins whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4
Sun rises 7:11
Sun sets 4:50
Moon rises 10:46 p. in.
O Time Time Time Tlme|
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
<? H W L. W HW LW
TT.. 4:28 i.T 9:39 3.1 2:41 3.9 9:37 0.8
5 ... 6:00 4.8 10:47 2.9 3:52 3.6 10:19 1.2
6 ... 5:32 4.9 11:49 2.4 5:17 3.4 11:02 1.8
7 ... 6:04 5.0 12:41 1.9 6:42 3.4 11:49 2.2
8 ... 6:38 6.2 1:32 1.3 8:02 3.4
L,WHW L W H W
9 ... 0:38 2.8 7:12 5.5 2:22 0.8 9:17 3.5
10 ... 1:28 2.8 7:50 5.7 8:10 0.3 10:22 3.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the succaseive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroffraphic Office, TT. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 3, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HTJOHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Hupeh China and Japan j
Mackinaw Tacoma
Weeott Yaquina Bay I
Alliance Portland
Arcata Cooa Bay
Empire Coos Bay
South Portland. Portland
Coos Bay Newport
State California Portland
Del Norte Crescent City
Australia Honolulu
Chllkat Humboldt
Corona San Diego
Progxeso Seattle
Ruth [Tillamook Bay
Navarro Yaquina Bay
Walla Walla.... (Victoria & Puget Sound!
Wellington iDeparture Bay I
City of Peking.. jChina and Japan
Pomona I Humboldt
Lakme (Puget Sound
City of Panama;Panarna
Cleveland Puget Sound 
Orizaba Newport
Curacao I Mexico
Columbia i Portland
North Fork IHumboldt
Santa Rosa iSan Diego
Hupeh
Mackinaw
Weeott
Alliance
Arcata
Empire
South Portland.
Coos Bay
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Columbia ..(Portland Dec.
Santa RosajSan Diego Dec.
Pomona JHumboldt — Dec.
C Nelson.. Puget Sound.. Dec.
Alliance ... Oreg-on Ports. Dec.
Arcata Coos Bay Doc.
Coos Bay... Newport Dec.
tland
\, 10 am ' Pier 24
5, 11 am | Pier 11
5, 2 pm|Pier 9
B, 10 am i Pier 2
J, 10 am Pier 20
3. 4 pm'Pier 13
J, 9 am Pier 11
r, 10 am Pier 9
i, 2 pm Pier 13
r, 10 am Pier 13
i, 12 m|PMSS»
1, 10 am I Pier 24
), 11 am ' Pier 11
L, 9 ami Pier 11
2, 10 ami Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 11
Diego
nboldt ....
et Sound..
Ron Ports.
i Bay
Queen Vie & Psrt Sd.lDec.
rhilkat Humboldt Dec.
Weeott lYaquinaßay. Dec.
Peru '.Panama Dec.
6tate of Cal! Portland Dec.
Corona 'San Diego (Dec.
rport
& Pfrt Sd.
aboldt ....I
Orizaba Newport !Dec.
Walla Wall, Vic & Pgt Sd.lDec.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. December 3.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, 62 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17Vi hours from Eureka.
Ital ship Stefano Razeto, Schlappoeasso, 161
days from Liverpool.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 40 hours fm Iver
sens Landing.
Pchr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing. ~ .
Pchr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson, 18 hours from
Bete North Bend, Schmehl, 9 days from Wil
lapa Harbor.
Pchr J Epplnger, Colstrup, 24 hours from Fort
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 26 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 3.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria: Oregon R &
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Aus stmr Burma, Mikulicich, Portland; John
Roscnfeld's Sons.
Br ship Allerton, Toye, Portlan; Balfour,
Guthrle & Co. _
Br ship Sprlngbank, Boyd, Tacoma: R B
i B^"snip Montn, Page, Portland: Balfour,
Guthrle & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 3.
Aus stmr Burma, Mikulicich, Portland.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, Astoria.
Stmr Leelenaw, Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall. San Pedro.
Ship Edward O'Brien, Banfleld, Nanaimo.
Bktn Chehalis. Simonton, Puget Sound.
Schr Sadie, Smith, Umpqua.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 3— Schr Amerl
nca Girl, for Santa Barbara; ship Invincible,
for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Scotia, hence
Dec 2
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Dec 2— Br ship Gars
dale from Tacoma for Queenstown. '
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Dec 2— Haw bark
Wilscott, from Nanaimo for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Dec 3— Bark
Arrived Dec 2— Bark Harvester.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec 3— Stmr South Port
land, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Pasned Dec 3— Stmr Pasade
na from San Pedro for Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 3— Schr
Mildred, from Kahulul.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Dec 2— Br ship Forrest
Hill, from Oregon.
HONGKONG — Arrived Dec 2— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Dec 2— Bark Ed
ward May. hence Oct 2.
TALTAL— Arrived Nov 30— Br ship Crown of
Denmark, from Santa Rosalia; Br ship Wen
dur, from Santa Rosalia.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec I— Br ship Comlle
bank, for Cardiff.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Dec 3— Br str
Mogul, from Oregon.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. •i-.SQ, 11:00 a, m.; 'I:4s.
1:45, 5:15, •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdayß and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00, '10:00. "11:30 a. m.; »1:U.
1:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAFL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25. *6:SS. 7:45. "9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20, "3:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. re.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, »10:00, ni:s6 a. m.;
•1:15, *8:10, 4:40. *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, »:40 a. m. ;
12:35. 2:45 3:50. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:06. 1:20. t:t9,
»:OU, 6:10 p. m.
THROI7GH TRAINS.
T:2oa. m. week days— Caradero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1:00 a. m. Sunday*— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday
Bept. 11, 1S98:
WeeTc Days— 9:Bo a, «., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 n m.
Round trip from Mil! Valley, 11.
THOS. COOK A SON. Agents, «21 Market
■tre«t. Baa FtmnoUco. -«*«
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
*«lITHKK9I I'Atllli €OJIPAJTT.
(rACIFIO SVSTJBHt.)
TrMlna I«ht« miml nrii «§u«> *<» i»rrl»e »•
MAN I>'l(A*«'lN4'». ; t
. (Main Line. Foot of Alarket Street)
leave — From Nov. 29, 1898. — arrive
•6:OOa Niles, S»b Jose and Way Stations... *'} : fS^
7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Bacramento — iw.*<^a
7i««a Marysville, OroTlllaaud Redding Ti« ■ '
Woodland ..:. •• * s *'' p
7:00 a Elmlra, VacaTiile and Rum.icy S:*»r
7 z»O a Martinez, .San Karuon. Vallejo, Napa,
. . r- Oallstoga aud Santa Kosa 2 s i'» p
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpress. Ogdrn and Kast.. »«*i>r
• iltOA .San Jose, Stockton, Valluy Spriuff,
lone, Sacramento, Mary«»ille,
Chioo, Teharaa and Red Muff.... *****
9:SOa Stock ton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . 4:l»r
•J»:SOa Milton.... *7sls*
8:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Mtircedsnd Vresno 12:13*
- tiOOA Fresno, Hakerslield. SanU H»r).ara,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East..-......". «i4sr
Fresno, Mendoti, Tracy and Mar-
tinez **\3r
1 0:OO a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations • * :t*r
•l:OOp Saerauiento 'OtOOr
1J*:«Om Niles, Tracy, Stockton, Mendota, ,
Hanford, Vlsalia, Kxeter and Por- ■
. terrUle... -..■■•. ,* s '?*
: l:OOi> Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... Il:«*
...... ; San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J»:ISA
....... LlTermore, San Jose, Nilesand Way
: tJ» SUtions. . JlOtlttA
«i«©r Martiuez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Oallstoga, El VeraHO and _ .
Santaltosa * al *
4>o*p Benioia, VacaTiile, Woodland,
* Knights Landing. MarysTille, Oro- n
Tllle and SaorameHto Io . : * ; i A
4iBop Niles, Sau Jose and Stockton 7:10r
3:0O* Martinez, Traoy, Meudota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa llarbara and Los
Angela...... -. Bj4Ba
SiMr Banta Vt> Koute, Atlantic Kxpress
. . for. Mnja»e mill Ka»t 6:4»P
5:OOP Martinez, Lathrop, Stockton. __
Merced and Fre5n0.......... 12-.15 P.
3ioop •■ l-.ouic Coaiit iomiteu." El Paso,
;: ; . Fort, Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and Kast *2 : f?'
6iO«p Kiiropean Mall, O«ilen and Kaat.... »«'* :l *
6:00p Haywards, NUesandSan Joae .I'lJt"
••:OOp Vallejo ..'.... 12:13*
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Coeta and Way Bta-
Uons.... J»i49*
SiOOr Oregon Kxprnns, Sacramento, Marjs-
Tille. Reiiaine. Portland, Puget
Sound and Kiut 8«1OA
alOi*3p " Sunset Limited." Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Pa«o, New Orleans
■ and Ea5t........ .V bl:*3r
NAM LEAMIKO i.M) HAVWAIIUS LOCAL.
: v>- (Foot of Market Street.)
"I 'VelroKe, SeuiTnary Park, f
S:O«a Fltchborf, Elmhnrst, - . otil>A
{9:OOa San I,fim<lro, .Soath Ha« r*9:4.V,
io.ooa Leaadro, Kitadlllo, 10:43 a
UI:OOa Lpre«oC herrr < mi;
il^Op 'j «1:45p
3:00p H«»w«r<ll 15:45p
4loor i Euns through to Kites. 7j * sp
J t From Niles. I
COAST l>l?lSl»M (Narrow Uange).
m (Foot of Market Street.)
■ 8:13 a Newark. Jo«e, Velton.
Boulder Creek, Cruz and '
Buttons..... StSOp
*StlSp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Crpek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Btation».. »1 O:5Oa
4:1 Nswark. San Jose and Los Gatos... . «:20a.
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, Ban Jom and
- Way atations n«2op
CREEK ROUTE >ERRY.
rroaSlK FRISOISCO — «f Mirklt Streat (Slii S)— - V
•7:16 9:00 ll:0IU.u. }I:QQ *2:03 t3:OC
•4:00" t0:00 *e:OOf.M. '-
fr«moin»«»— r«tUrßr*a4*aj.— »B:oo 8.-00 10:OCi.u.
tia:oO *l:00. t8:00 *3:00 ti:QO 'BiOQrjM. .'
COAST DIVISION (Broad fiauge). %*'
(Third and Towpgend Sts.) . ■ \
7:00 a San Jose and Way SUtious (New ■
Almaden Wednesdays only) ltSOp
OiOOa San .lose, .Tres Pinna, BauU Crur,
Paoille GroTe, Paso Robles, San -
Luis (>Us|Ki, Oaadalnpe, Surf and
T:- r 'A'f:, Principal Way Stations 4tlor
10:49* San Joieand Way Stations... *8:<)0a
lIiSOa San Ji«e and Way Stations Bi33a
•Si49r Sau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau Jose,
Gilroy, HolUster, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey aud Pacific
Qrare... *IO:86a
•li^Ap San Joie and Way Stations *9:<>(i»
•4ilSr San Jose Prinoipal Way Stations 9:43
*3>oop San Jose and Principal Way Stations CtSS I
- SiSOp San Jose and Prinoipal Way Stations 3:»0p
8:!IOp San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:30p
tfl:43r San Jose aud Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. j
" Hnndays excepted. t Sunaays only. t Saturdays ouly J
KMondays and Thursdays. a Tuesdays and Saturdays, m
{SMurdaxiMd Wfidneadajf. ITuundanaad Sundays. 9
CALIFOKNU NORTHWESTERN R¥. CO.
:i: :^l- S^i , LESSEE ; . . •- ' -.;■: '. .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH. PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY." i
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:»5.
1:30; 6:10, i:3t p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. . Baturdaya— Extra tripa at l:»»
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:90 a. m.; l:J0, 1:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. U:4J.
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trlpa at
1:65 and 6:36 p. m. ■•
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parkk
1 ■ame schedule as above. •' - .'-• - '
L«ave Arrive
' Ean Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, ■
Week Sun- ' : 1898. • Sun- . Week
Days. days. Destination. da.,*. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato,'- 10:40 am B:4oam
t:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton,
T:Mam ; Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
t:2opm 8:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:Sspm 6:23pm
Hopland and
7:80 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:llpm
7:3oam '  10:2 Sara
8:00 am Guernevllla. 7:35 pm
B:3opm , . . r (:22pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma , 10:40 am B:4oam
and , -
8:10pm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:2lpm
T:Soam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25
8:80 pm 6:00 pm 7:3s pmj 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West -
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y-
' servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, " Carlsbad
Springs, Soda . Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. . Porno, ; Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lierleys, Bucknell's.
Banhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr*«
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
; Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to . Monday round trip tickets at
I reduced rates.
i On Sundays round trip tickets to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent^
California
\ Limited
Santa re Roiete
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY. ?;>;•
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday,, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. s ■
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
, servatlon ; Car , and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAH FRANCiSCO TICKETITFICE— MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
' Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 1898. trains will run as follows:
j South-bound. [ ' { North-bound.""
Passen- Mlsed. Mixed. (Passen-
Pa-'ly- Exc'ptd Stations. Exc-pt'd' Dall,.^
: 8:20am!l0:30am Stocktori ilifopm \%&
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12 : 40pm' 4 : o3r^«
11:49 am 5:30 pm Fresno 9 30 ami a : 32S»I
12:3Spm 7:45pm i Hanford 7«amf2Ssi
: 3:2opm 12:30 am Bakerafleld 2:3oirn ll :^Sm"
I 12:ag m 3:sopm Vlsalla „ «J*o Win-pm J
j Stopping at intermediate points aa reorired
! w Connectlons-At Stockton wl th • stearnton t a '
California Navigation and . ImprovemTin rL
pany.Jeavlnsr.San Francisco an 4 Stockton
&p. m. dally: excepting Sunday. luc *'on at
I■l For > stage connections, sees official tlms UW.
or Inquire at Traffic Manager 1 s Of flee jS m«
J ket street, San ; Francisco. *."-." *"***> »-i . Mar-BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
ALFRED AND CLARIBEL.
PART IT.
THE giants had sniffed the air and
knew that f feast was preparing
within the castle; and they were
anxious to taste ol the ■-.••■ d
things which they had seen Al
fred gather. "While they had no idea
of keeping their promises, they readily
said that they would not only let
Alfred depart, they would help him
upon his -a ay and would fight off wild
beasts, that they might not be i
and torn to pieces while they were un
their way toward the Be
•■Well," Bald Alfred, "I am sorry for
hard lot and 1 have prepared a
.feast for you. Come In and enjoy it."
The giants did : - ."t wait for i second
invitation. Thope who wen
the gate shouted to their comrades who
were battling with wild beasts at a
distance. These halloed to other B
who were Bleeping upon the ruck-ribbed
hills and in caves, where they lay de
vouring the carcasses of the bear? and
lions which had fallen before them In
the hunt. Their day of triumph had
come. Many years before they had
been shut out in the stony wilderness
in which they had since ravened; and
no person had ever offered them friend
ship. Little they th ught now of aught
p1 the dainty feast which had been
red to them; but. notwithstanding
that they weie so suoerior to Alfi
strength^ they feared a trick of m i
for maeic was not unknown in that
desolate land— and this was the expla
nation of their calls to each other.
What a terrible horde they appeared to
be to Alfred, who from the castle gate
watched them as they gathered in a
threatening phalanx.
When they were all assembled even
the wild beasts shrank in terror be
fore th-^m and sought refuse In secret
caves in the wilderness. The ground
trembled beneath the hurrying- feet of
the giants; half famished they were;
with faces that might have been used
as typ. < tit War and Ferocity by a
painter- with legs and arms as bulky
and menacing as the huge limbs of the
mountain pine upon which the winter
winds make war in the mountain.
Pome carried huge stones in their
hands to throw — such being the weap
ons with which they had often suie
>l in bringing down lions; they
seemed to be as huge as Atias, the fa
being who upholds the earth on
his shoulders.
Alfred's heart stood still as he gazed
upon them, for he was really badly
frightened; but there was no way for
him to retreat. He stood by the gate,
holding his plumed hat in his hand and
bowing low and humbly as the giants
strode toward him.
"Lead on," roared the greatest of all
the giants to Alfred, his eyes glowing
like the eyes of a wild lion; "lead on,
and be quick about it — for the giant
who waits forty years lor dinner is
likely to be hungry."
"Coase," answered Alfred, mustering
up the bravest voice that he could com
mand — but that s so small that the
giants laughed in derision.
And now they are come to the door
of the castle nnd there stands ("laribel
dressed in white, her head garlanded
with roses. TalL. ! slender, she was
more beautiful than any flower that
ever grew in the Gardens of Enchant
ment in the Land of Love.
. ho," said the leader of the
giants; "this shall be my queen and the
little man shall be my servant and wait
unon us and feed us upon sweet ;
and moonlight when we are hungry.
Ho, ho, ho!"
Seizing the terrified Claribel, the
giant placed her upon his shoulder and
hurried on his way t" th-- palace ban
quet hall. There he saw the chair
whict. Alfred had thrown his red-lined
cloak over.
shouted the monster, while the
lofty rafters of the castle rang with his
horrible voice; "see the throne upon
which I ol".ce my queon."
How the eiants ate and drank, with
their faces in the platters, snorting,
growling — bea^t like — drinking a cask
of wine at a draught: The riot lasted
until all the food was tone. Thf-n Al
fred, looking In their wolfish eyes knew
that he had made a terrible nHsiake,
the worst he could have possibly
guilty of — there was not enough to sat
isfy their appetities. They cast about
for more. Their anger blazed up
threateningly.
"More, more," was the outcry made
by them, "mof or death!"
"I have no more." faltered out Al
fred, "I thought that I had enough;
WHO IS ALL RICHT? SANTA CLAUS! YOU BET!
OEAR CHILDREN: lam here — not far distant — but I don't want to say just where; for
fear that some of you bright-eyed boy:; and girls might find me. lam not ready to be found —
am too busy — but I am ready to get your letters telling me what you want to do this com
ing Christmas, which will not be long corning. I have looked down all the chimneys on the
Pacific Coast already— my,- wasn't that a job?— and I am happy to say that I have not found
one chimney so small or so mean that it will refuse to send your letters up to me, after you
have written them. Up, did I say? There, what a foolish old '°llow I am getting to be! I
"*-' almost told you where to look for me. Don't. I beg of you, look up in the air, these moonlight
nights, trying to make me out, for if my reindeer should think that they were being watched — they are that shy —
Ido not know what they might or might not do. This writing is to tell you to hurry up your letters. I have
found out lots of children in the Philippine Islands this year who have never believed in me; and now that
they see that I am all right they are just coaxing me good! Every one of them is asking for two dozen presents
at least — just to make uo for all the time they lost when they foolishly said that "there was no such thing as
Santa Claus." Remember that the Philippine Islands are far away, and that, while my reindeer are tough and
stout, I must know in time what you want to make my plans and reckon up the trips I will have to make to
go all around. Oh! You cannot begin to count the trips, for I will be as busy all the night before Christmas,
as a bee around a cask of honey. Be sure that I always earn the twelve months of rest that I take, up under the
shadow of the NORTH POLE, every year after Christmas. I will earn it more than ever this year, I guess.
When you say hurrah for Dewey and hurrah for Uncle Sam, do not forget to ask who is all right. There —
let me listen. There; that is good. I hear millions of children. Bless you one and all, my dears; that is
fine! Now, one more — in chorus— "He's all right. Who is all right? Santa Claus, every time, you bet — Santa
Claus. the best of all the lot." Thank you. dears. Here, I will sign my name. Hold on, I forgot almost to say
(or write) something that is very important. Here it is. Don't forget to hang your stockings this year where "I
can reach them easily. And be sure and go to sleep early Christmas eve. And do not try to spy upon me
when I come down the chimney. How some of these chimneys do squeeze me! Some are so small that I
really have to climb down from the roof and come in through the front door. I don't think that is treating
your old friend right. Do you? Bless you; there you are all shouting again— "SANTA CLAUS! HE'S ALL
RIGHT, YOU BET! EVERY TIME!" I will be with you all on Christmas eve and no mistake, for I never
have failed yet — in ever so many years. Thanksgiving is good, but Christmas is better! Your lover,
SANTA CLAUS.
EDITED BY DAVID H . WALKELR
but, if you will only wait ~ little I will
make another banquet for you which
will be better than the one already
spread for your noble selves."
They wo* •! not -T.it. Now they
rushed toward Alfred to seize him and
wreak their vengeance upon him for
their disapj intment. See. he is fiee
ln<* around the rcJm with all the haste
at his command, ~ieing quicker than
the giants he is able to dodge the fore
most of his pursuers, who slips upon
the pavement and frflls, jarring the cas
tle to its foundations. Over his pros
trate form fall other giants, and as
their skulls come into contact with the
•tone slabs their an^er increases. While
they lie in a struggling, fighting heap,
Alfred has time to run to the red chair
where Claribel, pale and breathless
with fright, but mindful o' the instruc
tions sivt>n to h.-r b->- Alfred, sits with
out speaking a wurd. awaiting the com
ing of the pack f giants.
She speaks no word. If she snoke all
would b# k . The threaten her.
but she remains dumb. For~~*tlng in
th wonder their anger against Al
fred, the giants rush into the open air
ami look upward. "Wonder upon won
der! The chair nnd Clarit el have dis
p- eared by magic.
"00-o-o-gh" growled the greatest
giant, "the small man has playecf me
a pretty trick and has robbed me
of my queen. Never mind, he shall pay
dearly for this. His bones shall be
crunched by my pet lion cub this very
night. When once we are rid of him
and his magic, I will be king in this
castle. Perhaps I will be able to do
very well 1 ere aft«*r all."
The same magic that spirited Clarlbel
away has placed a new feast upon the
table. Kat as long as the giants may,
they will never be able to devour all,
for as fast as they consume the viands
there are now delicacies placed before
them to enjoy.
What is that they see? From the
middle of the banquet hall noiselessly,
directly over the great marble heart
that is mado of inlays of colored mar
ble, the heart forming a part of the
pavement of the hall, descends a casket
filled with gems, the value of a king
dom.
The triants rush fnrwnrri nnri nmvcei
But Alfred is ahead. Swiftly he
pliers his hand upon a magic block of
marble which he has discovered. The
charm works. Slowly rises the red
THE
LAND OF NOD.
By
MAGGIE R. KOTTINGER.
WHERE is the Land of Nod,
mamma?
How is it I get ther%?
Just by sitting In your lap.
And rocking in your chair?
Why do we start so late, mamma.
When the birds have gone to rest:
And behind the golden clouds is hid
The red sun in the west?
Why must you always sing, mamma,
That song so sweet and low,
As you clasp me gently in your arms,
And rock me to and fro?
Is It when my head goes nodding,
Nodding, nodding po,
And my eyelids grow so heavy
That to sleep I go?
TJIE SAJST FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBEB 4, 1898.
upon the marble heart to get this
wealth to buy their freedom. Their
combined weight causes the heart to
break. The pavement opens and be
low the giants yawns a gulf of black
ness — eternal midnight, into which
they fall.
Through the open castle gates come
trooping the wild beasts in a countless
throng. They fight for the fragments
of food that they find upon the pave
ment. Then they see their olden eno
mies, the giants, and, shrieking fierce
ly, leap upon them in the darkness, and
a terrific combat takes place, the sound
of which is strange. So the giants
had brought upon themselves the re
ward of their perfidy and were all de
voured by the lions, bears and wolves.
The wild beasts, being unable to es
cape from their prison, fought each
other and all died from wounds or star
vation.
Over the stony wilderness Alfred
picks his way, cautiously at first; bold
ly as he finds that he has no enemy
in all the desolate realm. His- bow and
arrow furnish him food. He travels
until his feet are sore and bleeding, but,
after a time, he reaches the sea, and
there he finds a boat. He raises the
sail, and with a favoring breeze soon
leaves the land of his and Claribel's
captivity far behind
King Valiant has fallen upon evil
Is it then that I'm trav'ling
In the Land of Nod,
Where, in dreajns. I see the angels
Up in heaven with God?
And when the morning glories ring
Their rpd and blur bells bright.
Does that tell you that I'm back
With the morning light?
Guess I know now, mamma dear,
About the Land of Nod;
'Tls where 1 go when it is dark
To stay awhile with God.
But when the eastern sky is bright,
And the stars have pone away.
He sends me back to you, mamma,
To stay for another day.
days. His enemies have risen and a
mighty army is at his gates, seeking
to overturn his kingdom and to take
him and Princess Helen away with
them as captives and slaves.
There is a rumor abroad in the land
that Alfred has been seen. The news
reaches King Valiant and he sends
forth a royal order that Alfred shall be
brought before him, if he can be found.
So, upon- the seventh day, Alfred, who
has made the dangerous sea voyage in
safety, once more stands before the
King.
"I will not ask you now how you have
escaped from the land of the giants,"
said King Valiant; "let that go; you
are welcome home. I am now the sup
pliant. If, in your wisdom, you enn
satisfy the demand of my enemy and
turn him away from my gates, the
kingdom shall be yours and I will be
glad to be counted as your friend."
"What does your enemy demand as
a price?" asked Alfred.
"He must have a skein of spun gold,
and I know not where to get it."
"Let me have a little time to think,"
pleaded Alfred, and his request was
granted.
As Alfred went out, with his eyes cast
down in deep study, he thought of
Claribel, who had safely arrived in the
kingdom even before Alfred had placed
his foot upon its shore. To her place
nf hirUnc he hurried. She sat by a win
dow combing her hair and the sunlight
streamed in upon it and it glistened
like the purest gold.
'"Your hair," cried Alfred, "it Is the
very thing — if some way, can be found."
"And what would you do with my
hair?" asked the lovely Claribel.
Alfred told his story.
Snip, snip went the scissors, and in a
minute Claribel had sheared off her
glowing locks close to her head. Won
derful to relate, hardly had the silken
tresses fallen when new ringlets cover
ed the head of Claribel.
"An omen," cried Alfred, gazing ad
miringly, "there is nothing that love
touches that is not more enduring than
real gold. Straight to the king I will
go and tell hjm how, when you had
given up your beauty to save the land,
your beauty was restored to you by the
fairies. And when his enemy hears the
tale, perhaps he will consider your
hair more precious than all the gold
upon earth, as I do."
"Way for Alfred," shouted the her
alds of the king, as Alfred drew near
the throne.
"Your majesty," said Alfred, " I bring
you a golden skein of hair from the
head of the lovely Claribel, the loveliest
and most amiable of all womankind:
and I hope that your wizards and ne
cromancers may be able to turn it to
gold, although true gold is not so pre
cious as this offering of true and loyal
love from Claribel."
The King was touched by this sign
of forgiveness from Claribel, whom he
had banished, for no fault of hers, to
a distant and desolate land.
"Bring hither the lovely Claribel," he
commanded, "that she may receive the
thanks of her K : 'ig."
Claribel came, with downcast look,
and a murmur of admiration went
around as she passc-d through the
throng of knights and ladies. This was
succeeded by wonder, for her head was
seen to be clad richly with its locks of
gold. .
"What is the meaning of this?" de
manded the King, although he spoke
less sternly than was his wont. "H<>w
can it be true that this glittering braid
is your hair, when upon your head is
all that nature has ever given you of
beauty?" *
Even as he spoke the braid which
Claribel had sent to him turned into
real spun gold in his hands, and he
Btood (razing at the ransom of his
throne. In view of this magic change
King Valiant had no more questions to
ask. Alfred was sent outside of the
city with the skein of spun gold, and
the enemy accepted it and marched
away. He had not supposed that in all
the world could be found a skein of
spun gold. Bein^ a man of his word
he accepted the offering and departed
with all his troops and nev°r returned.
King Valiant resigned the throne to
Alfred, who reigned with the lovely
Claribel long and well. When Claribel
died the people raised a monument to
her in the public square upon which
were the words:
"Claribel. the forgiving, who, offering
her beauty to save the kingdom, won
the undying love of the people. She
reigned as the Queen of the Skein of
Spun Gold." D. H. W.
FROM TRINIDAD.
A LETTER has been received from
Clinton E. Harrigton, a brave
little boy who lives at the Trin
idad lighthouse station, which is
on the coast of Humboldt County, Cal.,
between Humboldt and Crescent City.
He looks out constantly upon the ocean
and the great ships that sail the sea are
familiar to him. At night the waves
reflect the gleam, of the great : lantern
which warns marines off the , rocky,
coast. " His letter shows that ;he . is ■ a
kindly, wholesome lad. He makes L a
suggestion .-: ! concerning < letters which
will be heeded, although the story writ
ers demand and must have space. But'
space ; will be reserved for our ; young
letter: writers hereafter whenever It
is possible. Here is Clinton's letter:
Dear Editor: ' It has been so long since
I saw a letter from any of the little chil
dren in the Sunday Call that I thought I
would write you a few. lines and ask you
to publish them. I miss the children's let
ters very much and would like " to see'
some.of their letters in The Call again.
My papa, is a Republican, and so. of
course., was 1 very; glad to see, Henry T.
Gage elected Governor of our State. When
I grow up and can vote I am going to be
a Republican, , too. : My pet deer that I
told the readers of the "Children's Page"
about before, came back to us last month
after having been, 1 off on a trip since last
June. I, was very glad to i see him back
again, and I hope he will not go away and
stay so long next year. Our cow stepped
on my little dog yesterday and mashed his
foot.. but I think he ' will :. get ? over it all
right. "i His name is Rover and he is nearly
££■ old as I am— ten years -■ old. Mama
thinks I have written enough for this
time, so will close, hoping you will pub-
Your^tle the neXt SundaJ ' CalK
Trinidad?^™* E ' HARI^TON.
JUDGING FROM
APPEARANCES.
GRACE CHESTER was putting
on her gloves as she walked
down the path from the seminary
of which she was a pupil. She
intended going into town on an
errand. Happening to glance back
when partly down the walk she saw
a most plainly dressed young woman
coming down the steps and she did
not loiter to be overtaken, as she might
have done had the girl been richly
and stylishly dressed. This was a
fault Grace had of thinking that the
richest and best dressed girls were the
nicest. She judged only by personal
PUZZLE— FIND THE MAN WHO SHOT THE TURKEY.
appearance. So when this girl came up
and said very pleasantly, "One of our
new girls, Is it not? As we seem to be
both going the same way, it will be
pleasant to go- in company," she re
sponded with cold civility and was
glad when she got back again. Going
up to her roam she found her room
mate there and said. "There was a
great homely, dowdy looking girl over
took me as I was going away and
stuck to me till I was so afraid some of
the girls would see me and think we
were chums that I came back another
way. But what are you laughing at?"
For Emily was laughing as if she could
not stop.
Pretty soon Emily said, "Oh, Grace,
it is too funny. T saw her going down
the walk just behind you. Why that
was Bess Reed, the head of the senior
class and the finest scholar in the whole
seminary," and Emily laughed again.
Grace was very much mortified, but it
taught her a lesson.
— — ■ * ■
Dear is the little country town
Where I was born and bred; •.
Its honest folk, its simple ways. .'
Breathe blessings on my head.
But, dearest of the joys it knows,
'Tis there I wear my old, old clothes.
—Chicago Record.
TRUTHFUL TIM'S
QUEER STORY
TIM TADDLE was a truthful lad, as you may hope to see.
In fact, he never guilty was of false men-dac-i-tee!
But yet, one day, the tale he told astonished all the school.
And boys and girls so 'stonished were they whispered 'gainst
the rule.
They whispered when the school "took in," and out of school they
tattled—
But Timmy stood his ground and never, never once was rattled.
This was his tale: "Talk of big feet— the lion isn't in it!
Nor yet the giants in the books— one little, single minute!
I' Ye seen a foot— 'twould make you stare— two hundred feet or longer.
I'll not take off a single inch— perhaps I'll go it stronger!"
Now, when the teacher heard this tale, her heart was sorely gTieved;
For Timmy was her favorite and never had deceived.
But now, before a giggling class, she made poor Timmy stand—
And for his glaring falsehood had a ready reprimand.
Ah, Timmy, hardened lad, just smiled— his smile was sugar sweet—
" 'Tis true," he said, "as you can prove; it's the foot of Market street."
GOLDEN GATE PARK BEARS' DAY.
OH, I don't know. Even a park
bear can have a little fun, every
now and then. I'll tell you all
about what happened one day.
4 a. m.— l waked up and found
that it was Thanksgiving day. I dia
not have any turkey, and so I roared
so that the buffalos— you can see the
funny beasts over there — were scared,
thinking that I had broken loose, just
to celebrate the day. I had to laugh,
and was in a good humor until my ser
vant—he is the man who sees that I
have my meals regularly— came along
with some bones. I waited until he
had put my breakfast inside of the
From the Baltimore American.
bars. My, what a growl I did let out
then! The man jumped a yard, lost
his glasses, which fell Inside of my
cage, and I put them on and looked at
him through them. Then it was about
6 a. m.
7 to 8 a. m. — I just ate my breakfast
In peace and then waited for the funny
people who come out to the park every
holiday — I think they call it — to amuse
me.
9 a. m. — An old lady came to my cage.
She had a little girl and a boy with her.
"You will be a erood boy. Tommy, now
won't your" — the nice old lady was
saying. "The boy had a stick of striped
candy and ' "-^nted it. I lay down on
the ground and Tommy thought that
I was asleen. "Oh, auntie," he said,
"see the stunid bear. "Wait until I wake
him ud. I kept my eyes so near closed
that Tommy was fooled. He got a stick
to poke me in the ribs with. I let him
poke and pretended not to wake up.
The nice old lady was afraid that I
would hurt Tommy. The more that
she told him to be careful and not to
«?et hurt, the more he dared. By and
by he stood close to the bars and began
to lick his stick of candy. One grab
and I had the candy. Wasn't he fright
ened? He howled so that he was heard
BY HELEN JOHNSTON.
STOCKTON.
all over the park I think. That was a
very good stic~ of candy and I enjoyed
it all right.
10 a. m. — A tall man all dressed up,
came to the cage. He had a nice look
ing girl with him. First he read the
signboard that tells the people that I
am an Ursus Major. "See the bear,
Mamie," said he. "He growls; that is
what Ursus means, and his name is
Major." That made me angry. The
dust in the cage was dry as a powder
house. This man, monkey and the girl
were quite close to the cage, when I
turned around and clawed up the dust
with both hind feet like a carpet-beat
er. Dirt and old straw flew all over
the white shirt front of the man and
spoiled all the ribbons and nice clean
dress of the girl. That gave them all
the fun that they wanted, and they
w-ent awa-. while I sat down and
laughed until my ribs ached.
11 a. m.— A nice little curly dog, with
ribbons braided into his hair, was led by
a bad boy, who stopped by me and said
to the dog, "Sic 'im, Tige." The little
dog took this for earnest and ran in
between the bars of the cage. Say, that
curly dog was the best dessert that I
have had for a long time. The boy
brought a policeman around to show
him his poor doggy. I had taken care
of that. There was none of the dog in
sight, and as the policeman did not
want to come into the* cage to dig up
the place where I had hidden doggy's
bones, he said that the boy had been
fooling him. The boy was birched and
went away crying, and I had another
laugh. Wasn't that a good dog? I
wish that some more would pay me a
visit — although it is against the rules
for dogs to come into the park. That
shows how much better is a bear than
a dog, for the people are so glad of my
company that they will not let me get
away.
12 m.— People began to hurry to get
out of the park, and I heard them all
say something about being in a hurry
to get started in time for their Thanks
giving dinner. Turkey! They all talked
about turkey, and it made me hungry
and homesick at onee — homesick for a
life in the mountains, where there is
enough wild game all the year through
and every day is a good enough turkey
day for a bear.
My servant was early, and I suppose
that he was in a hurry to go some
where. He confided to me that he was
going to see his girl. He smelled of
bear grease that he had on his hair.
2 p. m. — I had just finished my after
dinner nap when a poor tramp took a
look at me. He threw me something
hard, and I thought that it must be
something nice and chewed it. Maybe
I wasn't the worst-scared bear that
ever was when foam began to come out
of my mouth. I opened .my mouth and
would have dropped the hard and yel
low thing had not a little girl thrown a
chocolate cream at me Just then. I
like that kind of candy so much that I
jumped to catch it, for fear that it
would get Into the dirt. While my
mouth was opened for the candy the
hard and yellow thing slipped down my
throat and I swallowed it. "That is the
good thing to do with soap," said the
tramp — "throw it to a bear." I declare
that I was so sick after that that I
could not hold my head up until night.
I will have some more fun to-morrow.
KNEW THE TEXT.
Tommy, aged 5, accompanied his
father to church one cold Sabbath
morning and upon their return his
mother asked if he could repeat the
minister's text. "Course I can," replied
the little fellow. "He got up and rubbed
his hands together and said: 'Many are
cold, but few are frozen.' "
3132
HALES. |
-*, n o
I received your letter Just now Tou wanted to know where 1 have been way up north in m^ m^^^ /^m/ J~ im * 9 TO
by the mails, I've been all the year the snow and ice f-*"^i V mMBOWm ' /iHF/ /fSSWmVjF Last year I was there and the ' So. of course I resolved I'd go Tt took nparlv a week before
While arranging my toys down And why I don t move to live In my own big toy shop, all fWiS^V W£Bfff • /JV/ A^wABKrJ ■ ear before, too, there again lt , ,t arls a weeK be ' ore
Sc^^o^n^d^swerthe Wef.^f HTyou what I've r v^SfecM^ by hundreds V^^/flE^^iM/ « /M/ And^l^member 'the crowds ■ And^ answere^ tt. tetter Ani ov^ 1° month, .to come
letter to-day, of im- been doing, and then and skilled in their art. all tmrntmrnimTmrnmtTm^F f <;^^^V /Mf tSi I • " They treated me fine and they And told Mr. Hale that I'd The^Ts^d^e reTndeer and
For I have so much Of im- You 11 understand nil and And brownies to help them, all W^SSHSfI^V wMK&f • fffll sold all my toys come right away men i soin^tne reinaeer ana
portauc© to say. know Just where I've been. ever so smart. I '/ /m^m/ K^^BKS /Mm/ v^^KSWV tJJ m^> And introduced me >t0 the good •So leaned to pack the very A nd a Vee'/ago Friday ended
I superintend and of course Besides all the workmen, I've If you're bad they report at /mmm/ MsBSIM f^dt^F&t^^mf flKm/ V^V X^HBs™™— "^ vfl BHBS^V ll There ore lion^n.i ti^r =^^1 -i i
A,d bC .ook th arS- sharp, so to imps by the score. and do So om-e to me, what to put /MW/ laSßfl fdm W*tZ&MC<<ti lamL^^A i^^Bl >»■»»— 9K\ Th T ™ v VaH .11 m v t™ aJ'£KH Z TZ Now. I want 14 to come and
And look around sharp, so to Who just visit around and do So that I can tell what to put ImSeWI /^SfM' —^miltjj/ VgK^y ÜBag^ rt=«»/Sffl V j in Hale P s bizaar And ble dram"" and <=h-, Kow. I want you to come and
Fee that none shirk; them nothing more. your homes on your tree. a p,.« of /sSS&i /Attßgi J<T^ -^ ;^<^2g^^ XSSK^ ' And arranged thlm' all nice swords aSd sorrfp --lrtw^ see my new P.-^ 
For If I didn't keep them They go right in your homes An onion, a pickle, a piece of fJBH&f A^^^ff and thefe they Tow are hats- Midlers And muddle my . whiskers all
working that way, ami watch you at play. old wood, /JaSSf/ I "* \^^^ i>«^^ . . "^ Now I'll ye you T list' of Doll buggies and doll, fnr mn i over my face.
I wouldn't ever get done by And make a note of your con- Is what you'll find there if you /JSsBSiI 00^^T*> — -*/*^ . Tome of the thin little ml«e" & I'm all clothed in fur-a regu-
Chrlstreas day duct every day haven't been good. J^^j fM " That ™Su can inings, Hales. And some older things for „ Ur , dand l y i,
111 .in. us tui>. uuti c\try ua.}. .:.■■.,. na\eii[ ocen gooa. »"" U M&JmKk >i That you can find at Hales, And some older things for lar aandj .
7 ;■.-■. *^ - 4a «^^^^^>. \-MwßmhW%. JT± MT*. .^^^ that Santa Claus brings. their older sisses; Con }, e M ln , wlth our mamma>
Well, I stayed up north all the long summer through, WMuBMBBBC^ *l^^^ • a v 13 I " glve you Borne canaj.
At my desk in the office bosolng the crew: fc «^- W^ H^M^^—^^^^^ ■■■";. And velocipedes, too, and engines for boys-
Hut long in September there came in the malls . ' And new books and games arid flne musical" toys-
A letter lor me to come right down to Hale.' s. . frff^f 030 3 thl 1 trumpets and blackboards and di-=hes;
• ,_ in iact, anytning that anyone wishes. ,
toys:
not expensive ones, for we have not an expensive toy
In the house; they are all for actual play and are made
for rough usage; we sell toys for the child's happiness
and use, not to put ln a glass case to admire.
A. Wsl<3nn<2 • Iron body,
X>V-x VVdgUim • steel W heels.
jfffjA^^v body. wheels. price,
y^r^/uA 'Mi 30x15 18x15 $2 oo
X#r#» \\a 2Sxl4 16x12 180
V^U^'aJ' 26x13 4xl <> 160
- s*TU SJt&y(sJ 24x12 12x9 140 j
T^J^tb^MLML 20x10 10x7 1 00
K^Si§>]^pHs7? ISxh 9x6 BOc !
|ig*£^gjs?r /a velocipedes : steel ned
l||g>y«|a "■"' front wheel, rear wheel. price.
. 24-inch 16 $2 25
"very small." says 20 14 200
Santa. 16 12 1 75
shoo-fly rockers: & s i? t tie vu m OO n ey .
with basket seat, $1 25; upholstered seat Jl 00
with plain seat, 75c; steel hand or tricycle wagon 3 75
lots of fun for little housekeepers :
what fun the little ones have if they can only be "like
pa or ma!"
toy dishes, a complete tea set in decorated china, <C 1
ln neat wooden box, 20 pieces, weighing 3Vi lbs <!>»
• _ rj toy kitchens, embossed and painted,
IT-» -JTL^^Sr- with pump and utensils JtCr*
l_\A""s33?scr!S? complete, 17 inches t-O^
>€^SjXKa5?-— iron stove, nickel, handsome de- j
C f^^^s. B~ifg(i/ '" sign, with iron cooking <d Cher
i /^nMf-rflr ss * a *' utensils, 11x6 pl>i<u j
V,/- tAfcttrip^py tin stove, embossed and painted I
( prAjj7-==l/l|.r wllh utensils complete, 9 OfS^
ImtT^r^ii 1 1- inches high Zub
f^ffvfj^ jIF wash set, tub. washboard, clothes
1 jfw) \ku -\ dryer, red bench, 23-inch, 6 fl» 1
jf xj V2si^> pieces q>l
"that's a er," says pastry set, molding board, IClr*
Santa. rolling pin, potato masher.. IvFC
toys for boys "to be like papa":
tool chests of hard wood, box well finished, wear well.
Box 17 inches long, 19 tools complete $2 <vi
18x6% long, 17 tools complete 125
15x5% long, 14 tools complete " 75
13x4 long, 11 tools complete ' 50c
11x5 long, 9 tools complete '.!!!*.!!!! 25c
We ask schoolteachers, managers of societies,
to note how reasonable Hale's prices are ; we
like to answer letters.
," > :,',
SERVICES TO BE HELD THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES
■. E. A.
Morning— "Why Go to Church?" Evening
— Popular Amusements," with prelude
on the Sunday newspapers.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. G. Gibson.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock; Bible day
exercises. Evening-"Stretch Forth Thy
Hand, by the pastor.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Morning— "The Book Found."
"John and Jesus."
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets— Rev. William P.
Kirby.
Morning— High mass and sermon,
ing— Vespers and benediction.
Even-
t. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
—Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's, Fremont
streets— Father Nugent.
and
Harrison
, Morning— High mass and sermon.
j ing— Vespers.
Even-
fit. Brlgid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way—Father Cottle.
Mornlng-— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
—Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Christl, Alemany and
Croke streets— Saleslan Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Cassinl. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and
streets— Father Cummlngs.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing— \ espers and sermon.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Stelner streets—,
Rev. Plus Murphy.
1 Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
th g — R ° Sary and procession in honor of
t. Francis, Vallejo street
avenue — Father Carraher.
.Morning— Special service In honor of advent
Evening— Second lecture in a series of
I four.
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street
—Rev. D. O. Sullivan.
i Morning— High mass and a sermon by the
I pastor. Evening— Vespers and sermon.
t. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes:
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Richard Gleason,
•>. J., at the high mass. Kvening— Sermon
by Rev. D. J. Mahoney, S. J.
Bt. James, Twenty-third and
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
Guerrero
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the prlestB of the parish. Evening— Ves-
pers, benediction and a sermon.
Bt. Joseph's, Tenth street, near
Father P. Scanlan.
Morning— High mass and sermon on the
Gospel of the day. Kvening— Vespers.
Bt. Mary'B Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast
V. G.
Morning — High mass and sermon at U
o'clock. Evening— Vespers and a sermon
by one of the priests of the parish.
Bt. Mary's Church, California and Dupont
streets— Paulist Fathers.
Morning— Sermon at the 11 o'clock mass by
Rev. A. Russell Kevins on the "Genesis
of Faith." Evening— Sermon at vespers
by Father P. J. McCorry on "The Corner-
stone of the Republic."
Bt. Patrick's. Mission street, near
Father Gray.
Morning— High mass and a sermon on the
Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St. Paul's, Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
Church
Morning— High mass at 10:80 o'clock. Even-
ing — Sermon and vespers.
fit*. Peter and I'aul, Filbert and
streets— Salesian Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon on the
subject. of "Advent." Evening— Sermon In
Italian by one of the priests of the com-
munity.
Bt. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth— Father P. 8. Casey.
on the
Bt. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth-
Father Nugent.
I Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers and benediction.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue — Father Coyle.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Teresa's,
ev. P. C.
Morning — High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton— Marlst Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening—
VesperB and Bermon.
First Christian, Mission and Twelfth street! '
—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Morning— "Renewed In the Spirit of Tour
Mind." Evening— Services will be led by
the ladles of the Christian Woman's Board
of Missions.
West Side Christian, Bush street, b
Scott and Devlsadero— Rev. w. A.
ner.
[ornlng— "Joy." Evening— Sermon by Pro-
fessor A. M. Elston.
, ,.,. . ... ,.-.-- -"-; -■ ' .. ...■;. ■
Congregational, Bartlett street
renty-nfth— Rev. W. C. Ponu.
—Communion at the 11 o'clock ser-
Evenlng— Sermon by the pastor.
vice.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb. '
Morning— "They That Wait - On the Lord
Shall Renew Their Strength." -Evening—
"Am I My Brother's Keeper?"
Richmond Congregational, Seventh av«
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coomb*.
Morning — Anniversary service. Evening—
"Our Hope In the Board of Supervisors for
Civic Regeneration."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth
Noe streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
and
Ing-"
"Revelation In Literature." Even-
evelatlon in Life."
First Congregational, Post
streets— Rev. G. C. Adams.
and
Mason
Morning — Divine services at 11 o'clock
Evening— "The Woman Taken in Adul-
tery; a Real Sinner."
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
ig— Sacrament of the Lord's supper
reception of members. Evening—
lness; Or la It Right to Be Rich?"
4 In series on applied Christianity.
..-• " :*M&8
HALES.
Jackets:
of black kersey, storm collar, silk serge lined through-
out, the new sleeves, all sizes, perfect in fit, partic- CR
ularly known as Hale's great $15 jacket. fpt3
S|L?j\ better grade Kersey, dart
,t ijjy/ • 04/r sleeves, strap seams, turn-
iW'Mt^^^^rMll down collar, silk serge lined,
jw^l A T a/?^// v N box front, splendid in fit and
W^-W^^ n ! . h 8 .^!..?..^ $7.50
fe Vqjjl \ navy and black Kersey cut-
'^•' JJt¥t? ' away jacket, "The Belmont,"
; ">££>" l" > ££>"1 ITI / silk lined throughout, velvet
I "3. collar, darted seams in body
f! and sleeves, man tailored
"th« city treasury," says and finished, sizes (CIA
Santa. 84 to 38 tj>lv/
silk
petticoats:
latest arrival, 5 dozen of them by express for Xmas; pet-
ticoats of rich taffeta silk, changeable effects, deep
flounce with S-inch ruffle, double corded effect at top, 4
cord at bottom, dust ruffle, bound with velvet, good
width, all lengths, and excellent assortment of (DC qc
late colors «pu»«7cJ
man=tailored
iisl§syL '/i V&/^ tig:nt fittln 8' covert suits, silk taf-
Sr-jSMIk (■t |*«TWfeta, lined throughout, Inlaid vel-
jJpßH^ C<^rClML vet collar > newest darted sleeves,
BML^iJ^ lap seams, cutaway effect in jack-
jSJiMmf m^i etl close form fitting, skirt Spanish
lflfflP^/feW/^T T/ 5 0Un S e effect percaline lined, velvet
ti\mv9:^^/(y U> bound, extra wide flare skirt •
—^3 * shades green, blue, black brown
"too black for me," gray and dark red mix- QiO4 Cn
says Santa. tures; all sizes..... «pZI.QU
fur
collarette :
61 of them; real astrachan fur collarette, 10 inches deen
large and late flaring collar. 20 inches sweep, & oc
silk serge lined _' ' «pZ.^5
'Frisco's great mail order house; prompt, sure, "as ordered."
2£?JZZ. 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St. Z£:"V££ a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1898.
| HALES.
Plymouth Congregational. Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherington.
Morning— Sermon by the rector on the sub-
ject of "Advent." Evening— Prayer and
instruction. •
I : ■
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market— Rev. J. A. Emery.
Morning— Sermon.
Evening— Song service.
(race Episcopal, California and
streets — Rev. R. C. Foute.
lorning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening
— Grand harvest festival service.
t. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay'
street— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
lorning— Services at 11 o'clock. 3 p. m.—
Laying of the cornerstone of the new
church.
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning — Special service for the soldiers
Evening— Serrcon and Instruction.
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
JMorning— Divine service and sermon at 11.
I Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and Stelner
streets— Rev. H. Parrish.
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:80
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11.
Evening — Evensong and sermon at 8.
6t. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:45; holy com-
i munion and sermon at 11. Evening —
Prayer with sermon by Rev. Floyd J.
Mynard, rector of St. John's Church Oak-
land.
il, California street, near
'. Maxwell Reilly.
[ornlng— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and ser-
mon.
'rlnity Episcopal, Bush and
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
[orning — Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
\
St. Stephen's Church, Fulton street,
Webster — Rev. E. J. Lion.
Morning— Holy communion at 7 o'clock 1
morning prayer at 11. Evening— Prayer at
7:45 o'clock; sermons at both services will
be delivered by one of the members of
the clergy.
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes
Clergy uf St. Stephen's Church.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30 o'clock.
Evening— Prayer at 8 o'clock, followed by
sermon.
St. James' Episcopal Mission, Richmond
District.
lorning— Prayer at 11 o'clock and a sermon
t>y clergy of St. Stephen's Church. Even-
ing—Prayer and sermon at 8 o'clock.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev f'
W. Fischsr. "
Morning— "The One Family."
"Christianity Not a Failure."
Evening-
l Lutheran, Geary street, near
'. E. Nelander.
Morning— "Ruin and Restoration."
ing— "The American Sabbath."
Even-
First M. E. Church, Powell and
ington streets — Rev. W. 8. Urmy.
-Sermon by the rector,
service and sermon.
Evening
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
avenue south and P street— Rev. H.
Pearce.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock Even-
Ing—Sermon, followed by religious in-
struction.
Irace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N.
by the rector. Evening-
Street M. E. Church
Howard street, near
5. Wilson,
Morning— "The All, and In All." Evening
— J'reludc on "The Rights of Our Public
School Teachers," followed by sermon on
"The Unrecorded Agencies."
?otrero M. E. Church, Tenne
streets — S. M. Woodward.
Morning— Divine services at 11 o'clock
Evening — Sermon by the rector.
Rlchmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
Clement street — Rev. George Baugh.
Morning— Sen-ices at 11 o'clock; Sunday
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine service
at 7:30 o'clock.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavia — Rev. C. R
Riddlck.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same. •
•■ • .: . '■■-•■ j- .■:«(.-: ..;.". ".-.':■. ■ . ■ ■ - : .
M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
the rector at 11 o'clock
followed by prayer aer-
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, Hayes
and Buchanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
I Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evenlnr—
Same.
Btarr King A. M. E. Zlon Church, Stockton
street, near Clay — Rev. F. Brunn.
Morning"Abiding in Christ."
—'"The Second Death."
Evening—
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street
near Jackson— Rev. W. B. Anderson.
I Morning— "Seven Cures for Trouble"
| Evening— "True Symbols for Life."
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell
streets— Rev. J. HemphlU.
Morning— The sacrament of the Lord's sup-
per win be observed immediately after the
regular service at 11. Evening— \d-
dresses by W. C. Stevens of Los Angeles
and B. P. Smith of England.
St. John's Presbyterian, California and
tavla streets.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. E. Brown. Even-
lr »P— Meeting of the Christian Endeavorers
at 6: JO o'clock.
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street — Rev. R. Mac-
kenzie.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock, followed bv
sermon by the rector. Evening— Sermoii
and instruction.
'lrst United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden
le service at U o'clock. Even-
and the recital of prayer.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. "W. Rev.
nolds.
I Morning— Sermon by Professor Thomas F.
Day. D.D., of San Anselmo Seminary
Evening— Same.
_'•-■ -■ ••' ■ - ■ " -■■'•■■■■: ■■: ..- -rs:-: ■ '
Ity Presbyterian, Twenty-third a
?p street*- Rev. A. N. Carson.
of new members and
of the Lord'B supper.
Sympathy," by pastor.
.- ■; _ ■-*' ■.- ■' ., ■.■* •■ . -t ■ -> ■
j HALES. ,
trade winners
in ; the domestic dept; the big and busy place where so
many womea meet on Monday.
» Jftf/ 10 pcs table damask TO inches
C^k f3 V\ «i£3sl!»^r*V wide, fine weave and pure
l«!l f 1 E<3 jLXv*^ \ linen Just before C r
MsMuft&Ji \ \ Xmas price --- ■•■ ooc
gf "^"V fJls h^zj^fi J 120 doz. napkins, large size,
-Mtt&n^F^lin ir^Kr naif bleached. 24 inches
' lHl'n?lllllgjlLlil H l 'n?lllllgjlLli Jr,i^9 square, all linen, ci . rr X
i^L4—'a& £%wrti,JJmfi. heavy quality, doz «PI«C«J
L[cjs\kj*-1 f%r J^R^St,- 5000 yds. striped and checked
■ ; -^sK^^ flanelette, light col- Ol^>
■ ors v>4.w
"three of a kind," says Santa.
new hemstitched pillow-cases, double hemstitched o7l n
and insertion, three-inch hem, each ■ ■r* * 2^
2500 sheets, hemmed, good quality muslin, two-inch hem,
ready for use, size 81x90 inches, for double beds; AStr-
just before Xmas price tOw
500 pair all-wool Californian blankets— native warmth for
native sons— silk bound, borders fink and blue,
size 72x84 74x86
two grades,' $5 and $6 50 pair. $7 75 and $9 pair.
5 cases full size comforters, silkoline covered, Q7l "7cr
wool knotted, white cotton fi11ed................ i^l./D
l' ;^»^ a munificent display now made in
i~~ ! " v > presents for gentlemen and ladies:
UVU L •
a magnificent display now made in
presents for gentlemen and ladies:
60 sofa cushions covered with fig-
ured sateen, 3^-inch ruffle X/S r
all round .JUL
Pfe 100 hand-painted satin head rests
Bgjyh » . trimmed with silk tassels
iS^^iiS 10 art tapestry pictures, magnlfl-
: 'l 7 V«-3llrS cent subjects, 30x50 inct.es, just in
HrsnH/% by express— now on view in <Ti
W'.'y&L Mc» • \ art -- de PP t > each • »P* i
P*{ / M?v4sw< J tinted silk cushions, embroidered
t; V J^^ys^m^J^ with Japanese tinsel, q*i /p-
r 77Z^lj with silk ruffle hp 1.40
"this is way up," saya (everything that art workers in
..-,;, Santa. . ; silk or wool require.)
HALES. I
sale of silks:
• ( / 1 f€~~\ 50 pieces of assort silks just in
pO 'V^iC Km rom New York by express; rich
l/oFfa/ j*A SEEj .satin bar plaids, etc.; all intended
AY 1 ■tirtinwr for Xmas waists.
/V*XV iffW Pekin stripe taffeta $100
i) - \\ W HE • taffeta plaids $1 00
Vi sv'Z&si *^ fancy check silks.... $125
Y\J2f^jy\ Sp" rich satin duchess (24-!nch) 85c
... hL&ZfSf S fancy swivel stripe taffeta $125
■g^M great offer in
that s a peephole, say, alrWOOl S^tgQ'.
Extra heavy quality of strictly all-wool serge ■ ln golden
browns, seal browns, olives, myrtles, royal blues,
marine blues, navy blues, cardinals, garnets and c;r\-.
black; yard. .......'... ..?.. DVC
36-inch black taffeta skirt lining, yard G>l4c
perfumery department
everything guaranteed pure and the best possible value
for the money. Hudnut's celebrated New York perfum-
ery and face preparations.
Rosifoam«for the teeth 25c
44-inch towel and 2\' 3 1b bar Castile soap 25c
Bran Mash Toilet Soap, 3 cakes for 15c
Talcum toilet powder 5c
Saponaceous tooth powder ioc
8-inch rubber dressing comb ioc
4-row "stay there" bristle toothbrush 20c
sterling silver novelties:
925 fine and all sold at our prices, which are far be-
low exclusive silversmiths' prices on similar goods.
button hooks, 5>4-1nch......30c
■^ manicure scissors 75c
I"3V Js?rt. salve boxes fancy en-
,V>s 2iS graved sterling silver
J&f*£* JL3. . tops, 25c t0.... .........52 00
f/vKX 7tSK engraved back sterling
A "Jo \)\ /fll\ silver hair brush $3 50
I\s^j4ft^v'/ 1 : 1 \ sterling silver back dress-
*'"**^X"«s/~IM ln & comb .......75c
~ 1- .-^K™ \-«»3^\ sterling silver matchbox.sl 25
.tsJ^nK/f/L ' ll > Rogers Bros. 1847 berry
/*!«**. Jl/LVP, \ "V spoon in satin lined
; \!kM>> i% ■ „ box ............$l5O
■y^Wr* V^li^ Rogers Bros. 1847 tea-
"checkmated," says Santa. f, pOO 13 ( 6 ln satin
. . , , lined box) $175
handsome four-piece tea set ['£ J4 45
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and
streets— Rev. F. R. Farrand.
Baker
Morning — Special advent exercises. Evening
— Sermon by the rector.
Memorial
and Rail
Presbyterian,
lroad avenue — I
Eighteenth street
ev. H. N. Bevier.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock.
| Evening— Sermon by the rector.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, Guerrero'
street, near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E.
Dugan.
! Morning — "The Shrewdness of Faith."
j Evening— "The Sorrowing Christ."
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
j Morning— 1 'Divine Politics."
Nugget of Gold."
Evening— "A
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
—Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
Corning — Immediately after the regular ser-
vice a communion service will be held.
Evening— There is no evening service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
etreets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
Morning — "The Religious Revolution."
Evening— "The Scope and Meaning of
Revolution."
'Irst Church of Christ, Scientist, 22
street— The Bible and Science and
"With Key to the Scriptures.
Morning— "God the Preserver of Man."
Evening— "The Book of the Lord Dis-
covered."
St. Alban'a Episcopal Mission— William
Badger, superintendent.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock, followed by
Sunday school.
Gospel Hall,
Ross.
t'ternoon - "Regeneration."
"The Gospel."
Evening —
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets.
p. m. — Address to men only by Dr. Curry
on the subject of "Christ the Savior of
Men."
CALLS THE FRIENDS
OF HUMANITY A FRAUD
MRS. ANSELM SEVERS HER
CONNECTION WITH IT.
She Denounces It as a Raw Scheme
to Play the Public for
Money.
There is trouble in the Women's Co
operative Sewing Union, run by the So
ciety of Friends of Humanity, which
threatens to disrupt the organization with
the lofty name and the three borrowed
sewing machines.
As was told in The Call of Wednesday
this sewing union is actually run by three
women for the benefit of their private
purses. They have been going from place
to place soliciting subscriptions for rent,
machines, etc. They visited several of
the trades unions and secured contribu
tions in sums ranging from $20 downward,
but ran up against a snag in the San
Francisco Labor Council. That organiza
tion made an investigation and at once
denounced the Friends of Humanity as
a fraud.
But the battle royal took place yester
day afternoon in the big room on New
Montgomery street which contains the
three borrowed machines and the head
quarterß of the society. Mrs. H. Anselm
has been mentioned as vice president of
the organization, but now spurns the
title. According to her own statement
she went down to the rooms to do some
sewing on one of the borrowed machines.
The president of the Friends refused to
allow her the use of the machine, and
angry words followed.
"I have a right to use this machine,"
said the vice president to the president,
"and I intend using it, too. You would
never have been able to borrow it had
it not been for my intervention, and I
now denounce you and the whole society
as a fraud. I will never have my name
used in connection with it again, and I'll
use this machine or die in the attempt.
The first thing you. know you'll find your
self arrested for obtaining money under
false pretenses, as you well know this
is no society at all. I would like to know,
what has become of all the money you
have collected, anyway."
Mrs. Anselm then started to leave the
building and take the borrowed machine
with her, but changed her mind when
she got as far as the door, and left the
disputed piece of property standing in the
hallway.
She now openly says that the society
only exists in the imagination of Mrs.
Wayne; that the Co-operative Sewing
Union practically never did exist. The
women simply succeeded in borrowing
EiXE'S. I
dolls :
nothing better than a well-made doll for a present; it's a
pleasure for the youngsters to dress and undress them;
just look back to your younger. days and think what fun
you had; perhaps you have the doll yet.
- m. ri 'ijEra papa and mama doll, patent head,'
&W y \ \arsssin^ with cap, trimmed shirt, says PZf\r*
f iLWf\ a-ma and pa-pa, 16 inches... »vW
■A j/fj U\ dressed jointed doll, bisque head,
H" Li£x^2?\ flowing hair, trimmed crepon dress,
rl %JtTL<W» dutch cap, shoes and stock- SA/>
$'$ r%Jr%y& lngs ' *^ Inch • <>UC
i£- W" \-*rrsK dres sed jointed doll, bisque head,
\4 yJ\IK (}\ moving eyes, curly hair, shoes and
i 2f**"^r < J \ stockings, rich Gainsboro' <JJi OSt
"^V" m- I hat, 16 inch t^l.ZO
s/ kesner kid body dolls, bisque head,
"a telescope," says closing eyes, sewed wig, shoes and
Santa, stockings:
23 21 17 16 14 inches
$2 $150 $1 75c 50c each
dolls' shoes (measure length of foot), 10c, 15c, 20c, 25c
dolls stockings, per pair .• ..- 10c
(dolls repaired by Dr. Kindheart at Hales free.) .
books:
over three hundred to select from; our catalogue tells you
all about them; Sunday-school teachers, managers of
charities and homes for children know from past experi-
ence how quickly we ship books through our mail order
department.
■l^ '':■•?.; little ABC book on linen ...... 5c
139t«_ Kriss Kringle (in gold and colors). 2oc
S^nJsGxS^\ Puss in Boots or Little Red Riding
I^^7'lj^y^ffjj^ The Giant and the Dwarf '.'...'..5 c
|Gfl l vfgg*i|M Old Kiner Cole (linen, 16 Pages). ...2oc
fir $ MssrTs3r Molher Goose (bound in boards)..
WwO^^ Cinderella ........v.v:..-..:.-....V....:.106
imgyraf^ 1 History of "the" United' States (in
"this is Hale's," says one-syllable words) 30c
Santa. Old Mother Hubbard Bo
/\ om c± ct •
games: .:- .-..;",••
for long evenings they are a good educational item:
Game of Baseball. lOMrXl^ inches , 25c
Derby (Horse) Steeplechase .... — 25c
New Home Visit Game of Santa Claus 25c
Round the "World with Nellie Bly oOc
The Game of Old Maid /......... i 10 C
A most amusing game, "The Errand Boy". 25c
New Fish Pond, 4 poles and 45 fish .........45c
yon can send glove orders
for Xmas presents to Sacramento Stockton, San Jose.
Salinas retaluma, Los Angeles, and have your friend
get the gloves at any one of our stores In these cities. It's
he correct for m for a lady from a gentleman.
three machines, getting a month and a
half's rent given to them, and succeeded
in collecting a considerable amount of
money around the city. She' does not
know what has become of the money, but
says she never got a cent of it and never
expects to.
California's Guessing Party.
California Rebekah Lodge's guessing
party, which was postponed on account of
the death of a member, will be given on
the 10th inst. in Welcome Hall, I. O. O. F
building.
CELLINI'S ESCAPE.
Continued from Page Twenty-nine.
portion of his rope he contrived to
bandage the broken bone, and then on
hands and knees slowly crawled off up
the ditch to the city gates 600 yards
away, Each yard was won at ttje cost
of anguish unspeakable.
But he kept on and on. At last the
gate was won. but he found it closed
and locked. At the bottom, however,
the wood was rotten and broken away
and the hole filled by a large stone.
This he removed and proceeded to
crawl through.
No sooner was he through than with
a snarl two great hounds fell upon
him, and bit him badly before he could
draw his knife. With a skillful thrust
he stabbed one of them; the other fled
howling away.
Then poor Cellini crawled on. He
met a water carrier with a donkey,
and implored his help, and the man,
touched at his plight, lifted him and
carried him as far as the Cathedral of
St. Peter.
Day was dawning, and in fear the
man left him, and he fainted on the
wide stone steps. But help was at
hand. His friend, Cardinal Comaro,
saw from his window the prostrate
figure, and went out and brought
him in.
By this time there was tremendous
excitement in the city. The great white
rope was dangling in full view from the
lofty tower of San Angelo. The Pope's
emissaries were soon on the track, and
the poor goldsmith was again taken
and imprisoned In the deepest dun
geons.
He gave up all hope and expected
every day to be hauled off and thrown
into the Sink of Sammalo, that awful
underground lake in which so many un
fortunates had so mysteriously per
ished. But this was not to be.
Influence was at work, and a few
weeks later the Pope pardoned the
H ALE'S.
offender, and he was set at liberty to
accomplish those triumphs of his art
that have made his name forever
famous.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I " THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stones High
Ladies' writing desk, in
edpolished
oak or imitation mahogany.
Broad folding leaf for writ-
ing on. Would make a
lady a handsome Christ-
mas present $350
Dressing table in solid oak, with
swinging oval mirror, swell front and
French legs. An artistic piece of fur-
niture, f0r....... *.................. $8.50
Metal beds are an important article
.'■ with us. The line begins at baby's
crib and ends at $100 all-brass beds.
A full size, white enamel bed, with
brass trimmings, f0r.........*. ...... $2.75
. . Music cabinets are in the line of ac-
ceptable gifts. They come in various
designs. One in ; mohogany finish,
j piano polish, Rococco carving on top.
6 shelves, fancy bevel mirror ana
bric-a-brack shelf, comes at... $6.50
CARPET , DEPARTMENT
Grown folk will appreciate a rug for
Christmas'; ' Our new annex is a
model rug room, where ample light
enables you to compare and judge of
colors and fabric.
Fancy fur rugs are popular this sea-
son. They lend an air of - warmth aud
cosiness to the room. " .
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN £ CO.
233 to 237 Post St., S. E •
Open evenings i Near Sidckton
RADWAYS'S READY RELIEF . )n -
unrivaled before the public for : 60 year. aT«
Pain Remedy. , It Instantly relieves and^ m^ k i*
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenta, BroJ
chltls. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neural?."' ; *
Headache, Toothache and all pains Intern? v'
for Malaria and all Bowel PalM. All o^uggisuf