VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 148.
STARVATION IN HAVANA,
THE PHILIPPINES MENACED
REPORTED SEA BATTLE.
SPANISH GUNBOAT LIQERA
FIRES AT AN AMERICAN
TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER
HAVANA, April 26.— A dispatch from Cardenas to La Lucha says that the
Spanish gunboat Liqera and an American torpedo-boat destroyer met off Cayo
Piedra. The American destroyer opened fire and the gunboat accepted the chal
lenge. Eleven cannon shots were fired by the Liqera, according to the dispatch,
and apparently they did considerable damage to the American torpedo-boat
destroyer, for she retreated, listing badly as she moved off. The commander of
the gunboat was Antonio Perez Reudon.
The American fleet is still sailing to and fro in sight of Havana. Its presence
has aroused the greatest enthusiasm throughout the island for war. Seventeen
young women called on Captain-General Blanco to-day and requested permission
from him to go as vivandie res with the Spanish army if it should invade the United States.
The Colonial Government has decided not to grant any leaves of absence to
its civilian employes who desire to join the volunteers.
At the Cabinet election held last Sunday many Cubans and Spaniards in good
standing in the city were elected. The Cabinet will assemble on May 4. The elec
tions for Senators will be held on Thursday.
ROWAN GIVES
GARCIA PLANS
OF CAMPAIGN
The Insurgent General Told
to Join the American
Army of Occupation
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, April 26.—
General Garcia, commanding the
Cuban forces in the eastern end of the
island, is now in full possession of
the United States' military plan of
campaign. He received his informa
tion from Lieutenant Rowan of the
Nineteenth Infantry, who has suc
ceeded in landing on the coast of
Cuba and reaching the insurgent
forces.
Lieutenant Rowan was ordered by
the Secret Service Bureau to go on a
secret mission in behalf of the War
Department. It was at first thought
that his destination was Porto Rico.
Then definite orders were issued for
him to proceed to Jamaica and thence
cross to Cuba and endeavor to reach
General Calixto Garcia's camp and
communicate to the general the plans j
of the United States Government.
He was also to ask the rebel leader
to make arrangements for effecting i
a junction of the insurgents in South- j
eastern Cuba with a probable Ameri- i
can expedition.
Lieutenant Rowan was told to ob- '
tain information of the character of !
the country and to make maps and
plans for the use of the Information
Bureau as soon as he made a landing.
He sailed from Jamaica on April 9
by the Atla3 steamer and reached
VIEW OF MANILA AND THE HARBOR, LOOKING SEAWARD
Copyrighted. IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
MEN ARE NOW COMING
TO MINE THIS HARBOR
NEW YORK, April 26.— Six regular army sol
diers, a detail from Company A of the Battery of
Engineers at Willetts Point, L. 1., in charge of
Corporal Henry Beck, left for San Francisco this
afternoon to superintend the laying of mines in
the harbor there.
One of the men said that they would report
to the United States engineer officer at San
Francisco, and that it would probably take three
or four days to properly mine the harbor. He
said that after the work was finished the city
would be absolutely safe from a hostile fleet.
Kingston on April 15. He put him
self at once in communication with
Mr. Dent, United States Consul here,
and endeavored to cross over.
Eventually an expedition was or
ganized through the Cuban Junta
with an expert pilot and guides. Lieu
tenant Rowan left St. Anns Bay on
April 24 at 2 o'clock in the morning.
He started with a good breeze and
expected to. arrive last Monday morn
ing.
His mission is one of great danger,
and if captured he would be treated
as a spy. The greatest precautions
were exercised here to conceal his
mission. No definite news has been
received of his safe arrival. His
schooner will be hidden until the re
turn of a messenger announcing his
arrival in Garcia's camp. He will then
report.
England to Send Warships.
LONDON, April 26.— Six British war
shJDs. it is reported at Kingston, Ja
The San Francisco Call
maica, will patrol the seas in the neigh
borhood of Cuba during hostilities be
tween the United States and Spain
TORPEDO BOAT SOMERS
LOWERS ITS PENNANT
Will Not Be Permitted to Leave Fal
mouth, an English Heu
trai Port.
FALMOUTH, Eng., April 26.-Com
mander Hazelton of the United States
torpedO-boat Somers was notified last
evening as a result of the neutrality
measures adopted by the British Govern
ment that he must not leave these
waters. Consequently the Somers lowered
her pennant this morning. A British tor
pedo-boat has taken up a position in the
Vicinity. The Hies of the Somers will i, r
quenched and the crew of the torpedo
boat will be paid off to-day. The Sumors
will then be towed further up the harbor
and will be moored until further orders.
One American and four Scandinavian
seamen arrived here to-day from London
to Join the Somers. The eusioms au
thorities sent thorn to the Sailors' Home
and warned them that they would be ar
rested If they left the building. The crew
of the Somers declare they Intend to Join
the United States navy. They were
gromised $34 for the trip to the United
tates.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
CONFRONTS THE
RECONCENTRADOS
Driven From Havana
to Die at Point of
Copyriphtod, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD THE HERALD
CALL DISPATCH BOAT ALBERT
F. DKWT.Y. KEY WEST. Fla.. April
26. — Havana is in a wild state of appre
hension and dread. Bombardment
from the American fleet has been ex
pected from day to day, and now the in
habitants of the panic-stricken city have
decided in their own minds that an ac
tive siege will not be delayed longer
than daybreak to-morrow.
Business has been practically sus
pended ever since cable communication
from the United States was cut off. The
prices of provisions of all sorts were
doubled on Saturday, and Monday
morning found them again more than
doubled.
Many dealers are already refusing to
sell except in most limited Quantities,
and agents of the army will probably
take control of every grocery and pro
vision store in the city before the end of
the week. Suffering among the poorer
classes, more especially among those
suspected of anti-Spanish sentiment* is
already something terrible. Those re
concentrados who were by order of
General Weyler brought into the city,
are now being driven into the country
at the point of the bayonet, there to
starve to death, as they are doing by the
score. A blockade of a month will pro
duce results too terrible to contemplate.
Foreigners of all classes — and Span
iards, too, for that matter — are clamor
ing for an opportunity to get out of the
island. Were there 100 neutral ships in
Havana harbor to-night they could all
leave to-morrow with full passencer
lists.
All this and much more was told me
last night from the deck of the Eng
lish vagrant steamer Luciline by John
Rolfe. an Englishman, and until recently
engineer of the floating dry dock in Ha
vana harbor
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUE.JOS AYRES, April .6.— The
British steamer Ligria, just arrived
at Montevideo from the Pacific, reports
she left the Oregon and Marietta coal
ing at Punta Arenas, Straits of Ma
gellan. It is believed both ye"els will
pail directly for New York without
stopping at the River Platte.
Temerario About to Sail.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, April 26.— 1t is be
liev^rl that the Spanish torpedo gun
vessel Temerario Is about to sail, as
she has cabled her pilot, who until
now has been ashore at Montevideo.
the Bayonet.
Passed the Oregon.
THE RICH PRIZE
TAKEN BY THE BOLD
LITTLE MANGROVE
Story, Not Confirmed, That the Spanish
Transport Montserrat Succeeded
in Running the Blockade.
HONGKONG, April 26.— 0. F. Williams, American Consul at Manila,
arrived here to-day. He reports that the Spaniards have moored the
cruiser Castilla at Manila to act as a floating battery, taking guns from one
side to Corregidor Island at the entrance to the harbor.
The cruiser arrived from Spain a few days ago with many war sup
plies, probably including torpedoes, but no mines had been laid up to a
week ago for lack of submarine cable. The Spaniards then obtained
about eighty miles of cable from the telegraph company.
With the exception of the Castilla's battery there are no modern
guns about Manila.
The Spanish naval officer declared that he would sink at his moor
■ ings before he would surrender ftis ship, j About 25,000 native insurgents
are encamped outside of Manila ready to rush upon the Spaniards as
soon as the American fleet appears All the Americans except one are
now out of Manila, many taking refuge aboard of English merchant ships.
All the American ships except the Great Admiral have also got away.
The Europeans at Manila fear incendiarism and massacre when the
insurgents enter.
THE BRAVE
MANGROVE'S
BIG PRIZE
Takes a Spanisli Ship
That Might Have
Blown Her to
Pieces.
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD the Herald-
Call dispatch-boat, Albert F.
Dewey, Key West, Fla.,
April 26. — One of the least
formidable vessels of our
hastily improvised auxiliary
fleet, the little lighthouse
tender Mangrove, escorted
into Key West this morning
the best prize and the most
surprising taken in the war
thus far.
Almost in sight of Havana
I saw her make captive last
night the big Spanish Trans
atlantic liner and auxiliary
cruiser, Panama, bound from
New York to the Cuban
capital, which carried a crew
of seventy-two men, thirty
nine passengers and a tig
cargo of corn and other pro
visions, intended for the be
leagured city.
The Mangrove was
Copyright, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
THE MONTSERRAT
HAS BROKEN
THE BLOCKADE.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 26.— The Spanish steamship
Montserrat has reached Cienfugos, breaking the
blockade. She was bound to Havana, and on
nearing port the American ships fired at her.
The mail steamer, after firing twice in return,
went away from the blockade to the southern
coast.
She brought 1000 soldiers, $8,000,000 in
specie and eighteen guns of great caliber.
NEW YORK, April 26,-The Herald has been
unable to confirm the story of the Montserrat
evading the blockade from any other source. It
is possible that the story may have originated in
Havana and been passed by the censor in an at
tempt to throw our ships off their guard.
interesting before last
night chiefly because
it was in her cabin
that the Maine court
of inquiry held its
sessions. She is fa=
mous now because
with one of her six
inch guns she com
pelled the surrender
of a ship that might
have blown her to
pieces.
The Government put an
able officer in charge of her —
Lieutenant-Commander W.
H. Everett, who did good
work in our Virginius contro
versy with Spain years ago.
The department gave Com
mander Everett two junior
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
SPAIN'S FLEET
LYING IDLE.
1898, by James Gordon Bennett
ST. VINCENT, Cape Verde
Islands, April 26.— The Spanish
squadron still remains at this
port. Although the officers and
men seem anxious to gret to fight
ing, one of the officers with
whom I talked about noon, told
me that he did not believe the
fleet would sail before to-mor
row. Ammunition for the bat
tery of each vessel is in place
near the guns and the ships ap
pear to be prepared for action.
officers and a crew of thir
teen men.
Thirteen proved to be any
thing but an unlucky number
in this case, for the Mangrove
entered Key West to-day cov
ered with glory, and her crew
of thirteen are the envy of all
other crews in the fleet. Their
share of prize money will2
LIBERAL IN OUR
TREATMENT OF
THE SPANIARDS
Flights of the Er)en)y's Vessels
Stated in a Presidential
Proclamation.
WASHINGTON. April 26.— The President to-day issued the follow
ing proclamation respecting the rights of Spanish vessels in or bound
to I • ' I Sfc tea ports, and also with regard to the right of search:
IV THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA-A
PROCLAMATION.
Yv>. r. .I^. By an act of Congress approved April 25, IS9S. it is concluded
thnt war exists and- that war has existed since the 21st day of April, A. D.
1898, h cludii g said day, between the United States of America and the king
dom of Spain, and
\\" reas, It being desirable that such war should be conducted upon prin
ciples in harmony with the views of nations and sanctioned by recent
practice, it has already been announced that the policy of this Govern
in, nt will be noi I i rea rt to privateering, but to adhere to the rules of the
declaration of Paris";
Now, therefore, T. William McKlnley, President of the United States of
America, by virtue of the power wsted in me by the Constitution and the
laws, do hereby declare and proclaim:
Kirst— The neutral flag covers enemy's goods with the exception of con
war.
.d— Neutnr ■ Dt contraband of war are not liable to confisca
tion under th<> enemy's Hate.
Third— Blockades, In <> r der to be binding, must be effective.
Fourth— Span;: h merchant vessels in any ports or places within the United
s shall be allowed until May 2i, 1888, Inclusive, for loading their car
goes and departing from such ports or places; and such Spanish merchant
;.-. if met at sea by any United States ship, shall be permitted to con
ir.-ir voyage n on examination of their cargoes it shall be shown that
their cargoes were taken on board before the expiration of the above time,
provided that nothing herein contained Bhall apply to Spanish vessels hav
ing on board any officers in the military or naval service of the enemy or
any coal (except such as may bo nee.ssary for their voyage) or any other
article prohibited or contraband of war, or any dispatch of or to the Span
ish i ;<>\ i rnment.
Fifth— Any Spanish merchant vessel which prior to April 21, I«9S, shall
Imve sailed from any foreign port bound fur any port or place in the United
States shall be permitted to enter sueli port or place and to discharge her
and afterward, forthwith, to depart without molestation, and any
such vi sst>!. if met at sea by a United States ship, shall be permitted to
: Voyage to any port not blockaded.
-The right of search is to be exercised with strict regard for the
rights trals and the voyages of mail steamers are not to be inter
wlth except on the clearest ground of suspicion of a violation of law
in respect of contraband or blockade. WILLIAM MeKIXLKY.
By the President: "WILLIAM R. DAY, Secretary of State.
make them almost indepen
dently wealthy, at least in
their own estimation.
Commander Everett's sue-
cessful bluff with his search-
light and his 6-pounders is
admitted to have been su-
perb. The Panama was well
armed with four 14-pounders
amidships, but it seems never
to have occurred to Captain
Quevado to make resistance.
Besides, the big Indiana was
only three miies away, ready
to take upon herself the task
of helping her consort if nec
essary. If Commander Ever
ett had been standing on the
bridge of the lowa or of the
fiagship his demand for im
mediate surrender under the
penalty of solid shot could
not have been more superbly
confident in tone. He won
by a rare combination of
skill, intrepidity and pure
impudence. Only three shots
were fired; but they were
enough. Lieutenant - Com -
mander Everett immediately
put Ensign Dixdn aboard his
big prize, the Indiana fur
nished a prize crew of fifteen
men under command of
Cadet Falconer and the Man
grove steamed to the flag
ship, the New York. Admiral
Sampson ordered the Man
grove to take her prize to
Key West, and she arrived
here at 1 1 o'clock this morn
ing. We followed her in on
the Dewey.
Captain QueVado and his
crew of seventy-two men
and his passengers, who
number thirty-nine, are a
very disgusted lot of Span
iards. They were almost in
sight of Havana when the
Mangrove appeared, and now
they are held in Key West.
More than one hundred ref
ugees are added at one stroke
to the rapidly growing Span
ish colony accumulated on
board our several prizes of
war.
The problem of feeding
and caring for these Spanish
hostages of ours was partly
solved to-day. A contract
has been given to feed them
and a large vacant two-story
house at Green and Simon
ton streets has been provided
for their use until the cases
of the several prizes captured
shall have been legally and
formally adjudicated.
Meanwhile the activity of |
our naval vessels is rapidly
accumulating a fine squadron !
of transports right here in ;
Key West, and it is not im- '
possible that part of our army j
of invasion may sail for Cuba
in ships taken from the en
emy and propelled under
power furnished by the en
emy's coal. The list includes
the steamships Panama, Cat
alina, Buena Ventura, Pedro 1
and Miguel Jover— all fine,
large vessels, capable of being
used as transports, colliers or
hospital ships.
As the Mangrove came into j
port with her big prize she:
was loudly cheered by the;
crews of the Newport and
Annapolis and by Key Wes:
citizens, who lined the
wharves in crowds and!
swarmed on the housetops!
and cupolas.
RAILWAYS ESTABLISH
TRANSPORTATION RATES
Western Passenger Association Ex-
ecutive Committee Makes a
Recommendation.
CHICAGO, April 26.— The executive
committee of the Western Passenger
Association met to-day to establish a
rate to be charged the Government for
the transportation of troops. There was
a general feeling that the rate should
be 2 cents per mile, as that was what
was paid by the Government during the
civil war. However, the point was made
that the roads have been charging the
different States 1 cent per mile for
transporting th? State troops of their
national encampments and It was
thought that it might have an unpa
triotic appearance if the roads, now
that war has been declared, should
charge more than this for carrying the
troops to the front.
The matter was finally got around'
by the suggestion that 1 cent should
be charged for carrying the troops to
their various rendezvous and 2 cents
from there to the front. The general
meeting of the association, which will
be held to-morrow, will settle the ques
tion, the committee simply making a
recommendation.
BELLIGERENTS MAY
CUT THE CABLES
Mr. Balfour Intimates That Exigen
cies of War Would Justify
the Act.
LONDON, April »J.— ln the House of
Commons to-day Mr. Balfour, replying
to questions on the subject, said he
had reason to believe the Spanish Gov
ernment intended to limit itself to the
acquirement of auxiliary cruisers, like
those proposed to be employed by Ger
many in 1870. Respecting interference
with cables he pointed out that article
15 of the Paris convention of 1884 to
which Great Britain, Spain and the
United States were parties, provides
that belligerents in time of war were
free to act with regard to cables as if
the convention did not exist.
"I am not prepared." said Mr. Bal
four, "to deny that belligerents, on the
ground of military exigencies, would be
justified in interfering with the cables
between territory of an opposing party
and the rest of the world."
With reference to the alleged deten
tion of the channel mail steamer Ire
land, he said that^ so far as he knew
the vessel had not been sold, either to
America or Spain.
Imprisoned as a Spy.
NEW YORK, April 26.— 1t is reported
that a man in an army uniform was ar
rested at Fort Hancock and imprisoned
at Governors Island to-day as a spy.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH drug
gists refund the money If it fails to cun« 25c.
The genuine hua L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX rHAyCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, IS9B.
TO DEFRAY THE
COSTS OF WAR
Report of the Ways and
Means Committee of
the House.
Democratic Income Tax Propo
sition Defeated by a
Party Vote.
Secretary of the Treasury Authorized
to Issue and Sell $600,000,000
of Bonds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Rigps House,
Washington. April 26.
At the meeting of the Ways and
Means Committee to-day Mr. Bailey, on
behalf of the Democratic minority, of
fered the substitute agreed upon by
them authorizing the issue of $500,000,000
coin bonds. It provided for an income
tax of 3 per cent on incomes from all
sources in excess of $2000. State, county
and municipal bonds, however, were
excepted from its provision to meet the
unanimous decision of the Supreme
Court In this respect. The minority es
timates that such income would realize
$100,000,000. Coupltd with it was the
proposition to coin the silver seignior
age, which at present amounts to $42,
000,000. The substitute was voted down
by a strict party vote. No amendments
were offered to other provisions of the
bill, owing to the lack of time.
In its report the committee says that
the apparent cash balance in the treas
ury when the joint resolution appro
priating $50,000,000 for National defense
was passed was about $225,000,000. in
cluding the $100,000,000 redemption
fund, or $125,000,000 excluding that
fund.
But this balance was only apparent,
! inasmuch as $13,000,000 consisted of
: fractional silver, largely uncurrent
and minor coins, leaving only $112,000,
| 000. Of this amount $14,000,000 con-
I sisted of receipts from the sale of the
i Pacific railroads, held in the Treasury
for the payment of that amount of
' Pacific Itailroad bonds due January 1
I next, and $33,000,000 of the bank re
! demption fund held for the •-■<-ment
! of the notes of national banks failed
I and in liquidation or reducine circula
tion. Deducting these amounts and
I the actual available cash in the treas
| ury at that time belonging to the
i Government, exclusive of the green
1 back redemption fund, was only $65,
i 000 000.
Inasmuch as a working balance of
! about $40,000,000 is required to properly
carry on the operations of the Govern
ment, there remained only $25,000,000
belonging to the Government avail
; able in meeting the $50,000,000 appro
( priation. It will be necessary, to mejt
i all the expenditures under the $50,
000.000 appropriation— all of which
; has been expended within a few weeks—
; to use $25,000,000 of the bank redemp
tion fund, a part of v;hich must be re
: placed before the close of the present
i calendar year. -; " • \ r
Inasmuch as : ' the- difficulties . with
Spain have plunged'the country into a
/war, whose magnitude aijd length can
j not now be intelligently fforetold, it .is
• necessary that measures should imme
diately be taken to provide ways and
means to carry on naval and military,
operations on a scale and with a
promptness which will exert an impor
! tant influence in shortening the con
i flict.
As the expenses of. the preparations
! for defense that have been going on for
: nearly two months are a.? the rate of
. $25,000,000 per month, or $300,000,000 per
annum, and the expenses of actual war
' will be. much more, the committee is of
j the opinion that the necessities of the
' oountrj ~? ■■■''' •-«• * h<-. o'--'— <ht>~<*g'-.
f ul conclusion of the war, call for ample
PI'OVIOIOU OvAll t)J IUAuI.U.. ullu v.L. ■-
! ity to make loans for means to carry
jon naval and. military operations as
| will impress the great powers of Eur
i ope as well as Spain with the convic-
I tion that the people of the United
States are united in the determination
to prosecute the war on a scale and
with a vigor that will make prolonga
tion of hostilities useless.
With this object in view the commit
tee recommends the levying of internal
revenue taxes, either on articles of vol
untary consumption on objects that
will make such taxes fall mainly on
persons able to contribute to the na
tional defense, which will in the aggre
gate yield from $90,000,000 to $100,000,000
in addition to the present revenues.
The report then enumerates the dif
ferent articles to be taxed and the esti
mates heretofore published. It con
tinues:
These are all taxes on objects which
were assessed during or subsequent to tue
civil war, with one exception, and, there
fore, open up no new and untried system
of taxation. They are all internal reve
nue war taxes that can be collected by the
existing Internal revenue officials, slightly
Increased, with a small additional ex
pense, and with the minimum disturbance
of trade, although they are all taxes
which are unwelcome, and which it would
not have been necessary to impose if war
had been avoided.
While all of the additional taxes are
war taxes which would be naturally re
pealed, or modified when the necessities
of war and the payment of war expenses
have ceased, yet it is impossible now to
place a limit on them, not only for the
reason that no one can intelligently fore
cast the length of the war, but also for
the reason that war always brings a train
of extraordinary expenditures which do
not terminate with the close of actual
hostlities.
It is evident that it will be necessary,
in order to maintain the public credit, not
only to raise the additional revenue pro
vided by the accompanying bill, but also
to authorize the Secretary of the Treas
ury to borrow on the credit of the Gov
ernment from time to time as the public
necessities will require.
We have given, therefore, authority to
issue and sell not exceeding $500,000,000 of
ten-twenty three per cent coin bonds, to
be offered as a popular loan, believing, as
we do, that such a bond will be taken
from time to time by the masses of the
people. We have fixed the following years
as the period in which the bonds issued
may be redeemed at the pleasure of the
United States, not only because we re
gard it necessary to do this in order to
secure subscriptions at par for the latter
Issue, but also because the fact that the
one hundred million five per cent loan of
1901 and the laree four per cent loan of
1907 would inevitably be paid or refunded
by the Government before a three per
cent bond would be redeemed, makes a
bond that can be redeemed at the end of
ten years as desirable to issue as one
that can be redeemed at the end of five
years.
In view of the fact that it will be nec
essary in a few weeks, before the pro
posed war taxes can bring- results and
before the loan authorized can be placed,
to . provide means to meet the rapidly
augmenting war expenditures, authority
is given the Secretary of the Treasury to
temporarily borrow money, in no case ex
ceeding one year, by the issue of three
per cent certificates of indebtedness. It
is important that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have this authority in any
emergency that may arise In the future.
Germans to Leave Cuba.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, April 26.— The
Germans at Trinidad, Cuba, have
cabled the German Consul here to
send a vessel to take away a number
of Germans. As yet; the local Ger
man official has not engaged a
steamer.
OFFICERS WHO
WILL MUSTER
THE TROOPS
Secretary Alger Details Arroy
Men to H urr *y Recruiting ir)
Various States.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— Seereetary Alger has detailed the follow
ing named officers to muster into the service of the United States, for
the States, and at the stations set opposite their names, the troops
called out by the President's proclamation. The officers are to go
without delay to the rendezvous designated and report their arrival to
the Governor of the State and execute the work assigned them as
soon as practicable:
State. Rendezvous. Mustering Officer.
California San Francisco Captain Frank D. E. L. Carrinston, First
Infantry.
Colorado Denver ' Captain Eton F. Wiloox. Sixth Cavalry.
Idaho Pendleton First Lieutenant Robert D. Walsh, Fourth
Cavalry.
Kansa-e., Fort Leavenworth First Lieutenant H. A. Smith, Fifth In
fantry.
Missouri St. Louis First Lieutenant Stetzenburgh, Sixth Cay-
Cavalry.
Montana Helena First. Lieutenant R. B. Wallace, Second
Cavalry.
Nebraska Omaha First Lieutenant Stetgenburgh, Sixth Cav
alry.
Oregon Portland Captain H. F. Kendall. Eighth Cavalry.
Texas Houston Second Lieutenant Alfred W. Drew, Twelfth
Infantry.
Utah Ogden Second Lieutenant B. 11. Wells, Second
Infantry.
Washington... Tacoma First Lieutenant John H. Wooley, Twenty
fourth Infantry.
Wyoming Cheyenne Captain Thomas Wilhelm, Eighth Infantry-
If, from any cause, the Governors find it necessary to change the
place of rendezvous they are to notify the War Department at once.
WAR REVENUE
BILL REPORTED
House Debate Will Con
tinue at Night Sessions
Until Friday.
Vote on the Measure to Be
Taken at 4 O'Clock on
That Day.
Contested Election Case of Wise vs.
Young Decided in Favor of the
Contestant.
Special Dispatch tc The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 26.
The war revenue bill was reported to
the House to-day, and by an arrange
ment made the debate will begin to
morrow and continu-e at night sessions
until Friday. At 4 o'clock on that day
the vote will be taken.
The contested election oese of "Wise
vs. Ycuii^' from the Second. Virginia
District, was decided to-day by a party
vote in favor of the contestant. Dr.
Wise, who Is a Republican. Speeches
for the contestant were made by Crum
packer (R.) of Indiana and Grosvenor
(R.) of Ohio. Jones (D.) of Virginia
folnwed for the contestee.
The Senate amendments to the naval
appropriation bill were non-concurred
in and a conference requested. The
Speaker appointed Boutelle, Hilborn
and Cummings.
A bill was passed granting to the
Santa Fe and Grand Canyon Railroad
Company a right of way through the
Grand Canyon Forest reserve.
At 4:50 o'clock the House adjourned.
IN THE SENATE.
Army Reorganization Bill En
grossed and Enrolled.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— During
the two hours' session of the Senate
to-day the conference report on the
army reorganization bill was agreed to,
and the measure engrossed and en
rolled. The remainder of the session
was devoted to the passage of seventy
four private pension bills and numerous
measures from the general calendar.
Bills were passed as folows:
To amend an act granting to the
Arkansas. Texas and Mexican Central
Railway Company a right of way through
the Indian Territory.
To enable the officers, warrant officers,
petty officers and marines of the United
States navy who may distinguish them
selves in action to receive medals of
honor, rosettes and ribbons.
In reference to the civil service and ap
pointments thereunder, affording addi
tional advantages to honorably discharged
soldiers.
To amend the navigation laws relating
to the licensing of officers of steam ves
sels.
To place on the retired list of the army
as sergeants four survivors of the Frank
lin Arctic expedition.
GUESTS OF SANTA ROSA.
SANTA ROSA, April 26.— Arrangements
for the meetings of the grand lodges of j
the. Knights of Pythias and the Rathbone !
Sisiers in this city from May 16 to 19 are
almost completed. The various com- j
mittees have prepared a programme
which insures a week of excellent enter- j
tainment. In addition to receptions, ban- i
quets and an excursion to Guernewood j
Park, the visitors will participate in the
festivities of the Rose Carnival, which I
will be the finest ever given in Northern
California. Grace Dougherty has been
chosen Carnival Queen, and, escorted by |
her attendants, will receive the key of i
the city from Mayor J. B. Sweet on |
Thursday evening, May 18.
First Shipment of Cherries.
SACRAMENTO, April 26.— Porter Bros. ;
Company shipped from Vacaville to-day j
the first carload of deciduous fruit to j
leave the State this year. The shipment :
consisted of cherries, and it is considered
a good omen for the coming season that, '■
regardless of frost, drought and gen
erally unseasonable weather, the first
shipment this year was made ten days
earlier than in IS&7.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spring
Is the Time When You Ought
to Feel Well, But Do You ?
Probably not, unless your blood ia
cleansed and made rich and nourishing
by the use of a good spring medicine \
like Hood's Sarsaparilla. A few bot-
tles of this medicine will expel all those i
impurities which manifest themselves
in boils, pimples and similar eruptions.
Hood's Sarsaparilla will make you well
and vigorous.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; «lx for $5.
HOOD'S PILLS cure indigestion. blHou»nea«.
JAPANESE TO
FIGHT SPAIN
One of the Doughty Brown
Men Enlists at
Salinas.
Announces That He Will Orga
nize a Company of His
Countrymen.
Wishes to Assist in Avenging the
Sailors of the Wrecked
Maine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, April 25.-V. Murikata. a
sixteen-year-old Japanese, this after
noon drove over from Castroville and
applied at the armory for permission
to enlist as a volunteer in Troop C. Be
ing. persistent and evincing an unusual
amount of patriotism for the American
IJag.and. bitter- denunciation of Spain
especially over the Maine explosion he
was -permitted to -' n the roll. He de
parted in hieh gl c , and announced his
intention to return with enough Japan
ese to form a company by themselves.
CENTURA. April Captain A. W
Browne of Company. H, National Guard
of California, received orders to-night
from headqur tcrs in Los Angeles to
quickly muster his company up to 103
men. Notices were posted throughout
the city calling for recruits and the
complement will soon be filled. Com-
Sar E o^er S ata PaUla haS ™^*
xJ!m TJL CRUZ> April 26 A military
wedding was celebrated In this city last
nln? fn Vh' h f n S laytOn Eldr^ge, promi
nent in the local company of the Naval
Reserves, was married to Miss Ollie
Rodgers. The -room was attired in the
full uniform of the Naval Reserves He
expects to be called out for war at any
time. *"*
PORT ANGELES, Wash., April 26 —
The monitor Monadnock arrived here
at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
n f'l^ ] !AYI! AYI Wash., April 26.-The
united States coast defense vessel Mo
nadnock arrived here from San Fran
cisco to-day.
It is estimated that at least 1.000 000
pounds of rubber is annually used in
the manufacture of bicycle tires.
ADVEAijiSEMEKTS.
Nobody is interested in these but bee-keepers. We want them to know-
that we are State agents for Lewis' celebrated hives, and all the belongings
of the bee business. Prices are specially quoted in May Home Circle and
other printed lists. All goods in the bee line at lowest prices. Order hives
in crates of five or ten for lowest figures. Tell your friends where to get bee
supplies, and tell them about our store, which is also a regular Bee Hive of
Bargains.
BEE BARGAINS.
Bound books for the family library 13 c
5 quires of note paper, good quality 12 c
Boys' sabers, a closing lot 3 c
Toilet paper in rolls, fair 3 c !
Little Jinko baskets, fancy work 1 c 1
Handle baskets, 5o elsewhere • c :
Covered lunch baskets, 10c elsewhere 5 cl
Harmonicas, 15c elsewhere 5 c
THINGS TO EAT.
Finest strawberry or raspberry jam 15 c
Finest tomat'jes, In glass jars 10 c
Doxle'B finest clam juice, 2-lb tin 10 c
Fresh mackerel, in tins, reduced 10 c
Hams or bacon, for a few days S'jc
Evaporated prunes that will please 3 c
Evaporated sliced pears, finest 5 cl
Sago or tapioca, finest Imported 4 c '
Victor rolled oats, warranted, 10 lbs 25 c
Dry raspberries, 35c elsewhere, now 20 c
Home-made pies, many kinds 10 c
Flour is higher and advancing. Feed, crackers and all war staples will
sympathize with the advance in cereals. If you can buy a few months' sup-
ply do so. If not, we will fill orders at market rates as they reach us.
Many things are lower. These we are offering you at the reduction. Do
not hesitate to call for a cup of tea or coffee at the Demonstration Counter.
Something new there every day.
CASH STORE,
.^L ;; A^o} 25 r 27 Market St., San Francisco.
X^^^ghf '^^jttr/ ESTABLISHED 1879. RELIABLE OUTFITTERS. 7 FLOORS
X^Hjfti^^^^y- ANNEX AND WAREHOUSE DEVOTED TO SHIPPING GOODS. 2
:^**-1 1. tm "Z-~<- ■ ' V > - ENTIRE FLOORS DEVOTED TO PACKING. VISIT UB.
HOLLAND'S BOAT
ACCEPTED.
NEW YORK, April 26.— A
Washington special to the
Herald says: After a protracted
meeting, at which Professor Hol
land was present, to-day the Na
tional War Board decided to ac
cept the Holland submarine tor
pedo-boat, and she will be put
into commission at once.
Her owner made it clear to the
board that she is worthy trial,
and if she can accomplish one
half what.her owner d.ims for
her she will revolutionize modern
naval warfare. At present she
will be employed for harbor de
fense at New York.
INCREASED PAY
FOR REGULARS
Army Reorganization Bill
Signed by President
McKinley.
Offers a Greater Incentive to
Enlistment in Time
of War.
Sixty-One Thousand Men Will Here
after Constitute the Reg
ular Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Steps
will now be taken at once to put the
regular army on a war footing. Both
Houses of Congress to-day finally
agreed to the conference report on the
army reorganization bill, and it was
signed by the President and became a
law this afternoon. The amendments
adopted by the Senate yesterday were
all agreed to except that providing for
the assignment of retired officers to
duty in time of war.
The bill as it became a law organizes
the regular army on a war basis of
more than 61,000 enlisted men. It pro
vides for twenty-five additional majors
of infantry in the permanent organiza
tion; for fifty captains, fifty first and
second lieutenants of infantry and for
eighty-four second lieutenants of artil
lery.
Vacancies in the grades of captains
and first lieutenants will all be filled
by promotion, and the President will
have the appointment of 259 second
lieutenants. These appointments will
not all be made at once, but nomina
tions for many will be sent to the Sen
ate the latter part of this week.
Adjutant-General Corbin has tele
graphed to all of the recruiting officers
of the army directing them to begin en
listments at once to bring the entire
force up to a war footing. It is be
lieved by officials of the War Depart
ment that enlistments will be greatly
accelerated by the provision of the
army reorganization bill increasing the
pay of enlisted men of the axmy 20 per
cent in time of war.
As the President has approved of the
bill declaring that a state of war exists
between the United States and Spain,
that increase is now operative, and the
lowest pay of privates in the army is
increased from $13 a month to $15 60.
As the pay of non-commissioned of
ficers is increased in the same propor
tion, the incentive to enlistment will be
greater than before the passage of the
bill.
The increase in pay as well as pros
pects for active service, it is believed
by officers of the army, will have the
effect of attracting to the colors many
thousands of men throughout the coun
try who have served one or more terms
of enlistment in the regular army, and
who will take their places in the ranks
at once and will be much more efficient
than any new recruits who might be
obtained. '
Exchange of Mails Stopped.
NEW YORK, April 26.— The ex
change of mails between this country
and Spain and all Spanish colonies
has been stopped. Postmaster Yon
<'ott received an order from. "Washing
ton to-day to hold all Spanish mail.
Klondike Mackinaws . .$1.75
You-ll find our stock of Alaska clothing
altogether suoerior to what haa been
as°v^i^S. S-5& Ask for *°
KLONDIKE HAM: ...... v.;Vl2»c
This is cured specially for all the year"
around keepmz ln any climate. \\>
have cheaper hams, of course. We pay
£T£i a " cn l on to the wants of our cus-
tomers in the provision line.
Fancy Home Cure Bacon ..... 16c
If you are a 3udge of fine bacon, please
Sn^i.r^,™^ II lB not ln competi-
t£££o?itofct* aeoa ''; but stands at
Heavy Duck C0at5., . ... $1.00
Pmfi w f close OUt at once - Some are .
f,t little imperfect in color. The whole-
lot came to us at about" 40 cents on the
dollar, and we sell them cheap.
\rVEETISEMENTS.
GRAND STOCK
r _OF
Spring and Summer
Underwear,
Hosiery,
Shirts, Etc.,
In All the Newest Ideas
At Low Prices.
EACLESON<£CO.,
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
LOS ANGELES AND SACRAMENTO.
THE MOST PROGRESSIVE.
The man who wastes time by n<^t seeking the
aid of a skilled and reliable specialist, when
he has an ailment or weakness, is Kuilty of
almost criminal neglect.
THE MOST EXPERIENCED.
The eminent physicians of PR. MEYERS &
CO. of 731 Market St. have built up a large,
practice by curing thousands of the most dif-
ficult diseases of men. many of which had
been abandoned, and they have so much con-
fidence in the matchless methods that
WE NEVER ASK FOR A DOLLAR
UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED.
. If you cannot call at the office you can m
cured f-t home by sending for complete diag-
. nosis blank and the Great Book for Men
j wh:ch will-be sent sealed free. -'.%'•?
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for Men of the
; ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT .SPECIALISTS .
731 Market Street, San Francisco.
! Hours 8 to 5. Evenings.. 7 to S. Sundays, r j to 11.
AUCTION
EY
YON RHEIN & GO.,
636 MARKET STREET,
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY, APRIL 28 - - at 12 M. sharp
TURK, NEAR MARKET : RENT $175.
53x137:6—116 Turk, near Market st. : 4fi rooms
now at greatly reduced rent; pays $175; part
of lot unimproved; less than 2 blocks from
i Market in 2 directions. '
CHOICE STEINER-STSEET LOT.
25x100— E. line of Steiner. 125 feet N. of Oak;
street accepted; fine view and fashionable lo-
cality.
FIRST AYE.; NEW FIATS : RENT $35.
25x107— 156 Ist aye.; N of Sacramento; two
6unny modern .flats; Ist aye. is a Boulevard:
sold only on account of departure. '
28 LAUREL and 19 GUY PLACE, Off Ist ; Rent $30
80x160 — Minus Lot 25x30, off Ist. bet. Folsom
and Harrison, fronting 60 feet on Laurel placi
and 25 feet on Guy place: front and rear house.
DOLORES-STREET CORNER PROPERTY.
! 25:11x95— N. W. cor. Dolores and 22d; store
and dwelling: streets in good condition; Mis-
sion st. Electric branch cars pass.
THREE LOTS, BOYCE, S. 0! POINT LOBOS.
75x120— . line of Boyce St.. 275 feet south of
Pt. Lobos aye., as a whole, or three lots,
each 25x120; Boyce ft. runs o2 Pt. Lobos aye.
four blocks east of. Ist aye.
THREE LOTS, EUREKA, S. 0T 23th.
25x130 each— Three lots west line of Eureka,
commencing 100 feet south of 20th; street ac-
cepted. Take Castro St. cable.
BUILDING LOTS, 17th. E OF EUREKA.
62:6x75— line of 17th. commencing 125 feet
east of Eureka; street accepted; patent side-
3021 PINE : RENTS $25.
3US7— S. line of Pine. Pl:s feet E. of Central
aye.; front and rear house. -
• 22d. NEAR UNION IRON WORKS : RENT $12.
25x75—415 22d. S. line et 22d, E. of Michigan;
close to the Union Iron Works.
oooooopoooo 00 0 00 0
%% r v .? ■ PALACE. *>*?%
%CRAND:»QXMk^
n SAN FRANCISCO. "
v Coaaectad by a rovered |>as<sasr?wßT. . v
O 1400 Rooms, 900 With Bath Attachod. °
O • All Uxtjkr OVE MAXAGEJItM O
O NOTE THE PRICES: u-.:.. q
« EuropeanPlan.Sl.OO perda- upward _ \
w American P1an. »3.00 per day and upwari V*
(5 Correßpondenoe Rollcl i • O
O JOHN C. XIRKPATSICK,- Xuigs;. Q
000000000000000000
DR7MULTYT
rpHIS rti.tKXowx AXD RKLIABLE or.r»
I sp^iallMctar/I'rlvat^NeiAoos.liiootJ Mud Skin
Diseases of iletimly. Manly power n»store<!. Over
CO re.-.rs 1 experience. Send for Book, free, i'jitieiir.i
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
d.illv;6:a) toS.SOeVKs. Silridavs.lotol2. Consuiia-
tioufree and sucrt-dlycoiifldeutia'. Ckil Oraddressj
IP. ROM'OE ■cJTDXTT, M. ».,
86' a K«arar Slrrrl San I'randtcu. CaA
DDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JJiIU OiillliO crt> - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, car.ners,
dyers, flourmllU. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. £hoe factorte*.
stablemen. tAr-roofers. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, oo9 SacrDmentoSt-/
\AI. T.HESS, —
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT I.AW
Tenth Floor. Room lull, Claug Spreckeia Bids.
Telephone Brown 931. '«..-■
Residence. S2l California street, below ''PowelL
San Francisco.- • .: ;■ ,SIX DAYS'
WAR, WITH
NO BLOOD
So Far Nobody Has Been
Very Badly Hurt in
the Conflct.
Sampson's Fleet Takes Prizes,
but No Effort Is Made to
Engage the Batteries
of Havana.
Call Office. Rlggs House,
Washington, April 25.
This was the sixth day of the Span
ish-American war, and not a drop of
blood shed as yet Our ships have taken
a number of prizes, some of which will
have to be given up, according to law
yers -who are thought to be well versed
In International law and comity. They
claim that the bill passed by Congress
yesterday and signed by the President
Is retroactive, and. therefore, as it vio
lates our constitution, may be disre
garded by the Admiralty Court, which
Is to try the several cases at Jackson
ville.
But however the court may decide as
to those prizes taken prior to the date
upon which Congress passed the dec
laration, there is no doubt that the
Spanish vessel Panama, captured by
the lighthouse tender Mangrove off Key
West last night is our prey. She is ours
de Jure and de facto. She is a rich prize,
a vessel of 2SOO tons, laden with a rich
cargo. What will be done with her
■ ngers. about forty Spanish ref
ugees, is now a question which is both
ering the Department of Justice. They
are scarcely to be regarded as prisoners
of war, and will probably be liberated
and allowed to depart hereafter the
best way they can. This will not be
difficult, as under the circumstances of
the President's procl-amation issued to
day Spanish subjects now in ports of
the United States may depart without
molestation at any time between this
date and May 21.
The French Embassador, who. in the
absence of Minister Polo, is acting for
the Spanish Government, was at the
State Department this afternoon, and
had an interview with Secre
tary Day. He explained that Spain
was anxious to arrange terms of ex
change, one captured vessel for an
other. It is understood he proposed
that a board, composed of representa
tives of the European powers, be ap
pointed to effect a method of exchange.
The Embassador of France and the
Secretary will have a further confer
ence to-morrow.
AWAITS NEWS
OF THE WAR
Hawaii Deeply Concerned
Over the Present
Struggle.
Citizens Suggest That President
Dole Declare the Islands
Neutral.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, April 19.— The steam
ship Miowera arrived* yesterday, three
days overdue, and again brought to
us the wearisome advice, "wait till the
next steamer." At the sound of the
signal whistles, as the sun was setting,
cyclists, pedestrians and hacks rushed
pellmell by the hundreds down to the
Pacific Mail in full expectation of hear
ing that once again the scions of the
sons of Semper Eadem had met the
descendants of the men who sailed in
the Spanish Armada in battle dash.
There was a sigh of relief from those
■who are well fixed in this world's goods
and of disappointment from those who
view only the romantic and picturesque
aspects of war when the indecisive
news filtered out. Hawaiians have been
arguing with one another as to the out
come of war, so far as the islands are
concerned, and have talked more
learned international law on the rights
of neutrals and belligerents than De
• in this ever dreamed of, or Wharton
or De Maertens compiled. They have
gone so far as to make preparations
for a monster non-political mass meet-
Ing 1" urse our executive to proclaim
neutrality in advance of the preclama
tion of war, and even conservative men
of tlit annexation cause are cautiously
considering the advisability of petition-
Ing legislators to advise the President
to withdraw the annexation treaty
from the Senat<-, and to suggest in lieu
thereof a tripartite guarantee by the
United States. Great Britain and
France of th" neutrality and independ
ence of the Hawaiian Islands for ten
years.
If the United States Senate
has rejected the treaty this plan
will gather strength. The lin
gering uncertainty of Hawaii's con
dition is becoming irksome and gall
ing, for it disconcerts all plans for pro.
gress or development. Business is un
settled and "boomers" are thwarted;
government is hampered, and individ
uals are worried; legislation is timid
and politicians cantankerous It is
thought also that the pian suee-ested
Will be acceptable to the United IStS
Congress and more especially to the
two ancient treaty friends, the joint
European guarantors of Hawaii* in
dependence, Great Britain and France"
A very serious point in the construc
tion of Hawaii's constitution has been
quietly raised by foreign represent!
tives in connection with our naturali
zation of foreign subjects, and citizens"
and, consequently, of their right to
vote.
As originally drawn and submitted
to the constitutional convention article
74, qualifications of voters for repre
sentatives, read:
In order to be eligible to vote for reD
ircsentativpß a person shall:
First— Be a male citizen of the republic
Thus far we have captured a half
dozen of Snain's merchant vessels, and
up to date she has taken none of ours,
but there are indications that the Span
iards will make a business of priva
teering, notwithstanding their profes- i
sions, and that their operations on the
sea, especially in the Pacific, will
amount to piracy. This information i
] reached the Navy Department to-day !
! and Admiral Miller of the Pacific
squadron, and Admiral Dewey of the ;
Asiatic squadron, have been apprised
of Spain's intention to make a specialty
of piracy on the Pacific.
"This is only mercenary warfare. '•
| said a disgusted Congressman to-day,
; when he learned at the Navy Depart- ;
I ment that Sampson's fleet had not yet :
fired a shot at Havana's batteries. "Let |
us have a little Spanish blood to atone i
j for the murder of the Maine's sailor?;."
The "peaceful" blockade of Havana
is not satisfactory to the statesmen on
the hill. They want gore. The gen
eral impression in Washington among
these best informed and who have a
technical knowledge of naval matters,
is that two battles royal will result, one
before Havana and the other in the far
away Pacific. It is the belief in naval
circles that the first news of a battle
will be from the Philippine Islands and
that within a week word will have been
received that Manila has been taken
by Admiral Dewey's fleet.
It was pointed out in official circles
that although no great strategical ad
vantage would accrue to us from the
possession of the Philippine Islands,
they were nevertheless greater in area
and more valuable in wealth and na
tural resources than Cuba or Porto
Rico and their loss to Spain would be
a distinct gain for the United States.
The permanent occupation and tenure
by the United States of any of Spain's
colonies is not contemplated, for it is
the policy of the administration to in
duce the friendship of ah nations by
its insistence that the war was not ac
tuated by selfish or ulterior purposes
on our part and that we have no de
sire for the acquisition of territory re
mote from our own shores. Neverthe
less the Philippines could be held for
"ransom," ransom enough to pay for
the c<-..st of the war with Spain and the
loss of our battleship Maine.
and if a citizen naturalized prior to Janu
ary 17, 1593, possessed at such time of the
privilege of voting for representatives.
Now, Mr. Hatch, Minister at Wash
ington, carried an amendment to the
effect that if so naturalized they r"u«=t
be "natives of a country having or hav
| ing had treaty relations with Hawaii "
j The intention of this amendment was
to debar Chinese from becoming natur
alized and possessing the franchise for
! at that date nearly 1000 Chinese had
i beeomenaturalized. Further, they must
j have taken the oath set forth 'in the
constitution. It is now contended that
as there is no er-untry having a treaty
with Hawaii in which there is the
slightest reference made to naturaliza
tion, all naturalizations already grant
ed and all papers of denization
with citizens' rights are null and void
jso far as the allegiance due to the
country of origin is concerned. If the
Government should feel inclined to ac
cept this ruling it can by disfranchis
ing the alien voters destroy at the polls
nine-tenths of its political opponents of
foreign birth.
To add to the excitement the steam
ship Peru was off port a little after 11
■ o'clock last night, but it was long be
fore any news came on shore, as she
cr-uld not come into the harbor until
this morning. In the meantime the ex
: citement had increased by the issu
i ance of "extras" by the evening papers
but cool judgment showed that it was
i merely whetting the appetite for the
| "news by the next steamer."
The main anxiety, enthusiasm and
curiosity centers around a telegram re
ceived by J. B. Atherton to the purport
I that Bacon's amendment was to be
i taken up by the Senate, as a test vote'
as well as the joint resolution, and
further, that there were sufficient votes
i to defeat the amendment and to carry
i the resolution. This news created a
sensation among the annexationists
and although all saloons were closed at
111 o'clock, carriages were running
| around all night with excited gossipers.
j It is learned this morning on the
| highest authority that the executive
: will take no action pending the receipt
| of official news from Washington
HORACE WRIGHT.
EULOGIZES THE ARMY
OF SPAIN IN CUBA.
Bombastic Utterances of Marshal
Count Chastee in the Madrid
Senate.
MADRID, April 26.— 1n the Senate !
Marshal Count Chastee eulogized the '>
army in Cuba and recalled his experi- |
ence forty-five years ago, when as I
captain-general of Cuba, ho ordered the
forts to fire on the Anglo-American i
fleet, which was obliged to retire. He '
said he hoped General Blanco would '■
fulfill his promise to come through the
conflict dead or victorious. Senor Buig
ceiver, the Minister of Finance, replied i
that the Government had great con
fidence in the army and navy.
A Senator questioned the Government
respecting the reported sailing of the
American squadron for Manila, and I
asked if the former rebel chiefs of the I
Philippines, notably Chief Aguinaldo, |
were on board the American warships! ;
Senor Moret, Secretary of the Colonies! i
replied that there was no official in- \
formation on the subject and that the
Government discredited the report re
garding Aguinaldo.
Spoke the Shenandoah.
QUEENSTOWN. April 26.— The Brit
ish bark Carrado! from Portland, Or.,
on arriving at Queenatowa to-day, re
ported that si. :,poke on April 14, in
latitude L 5 north and longitude 39 west,
southwest of the Azore Islands, th#
American four-masted t p She'narc
doah. Captain -iurphy, which left Sao
Francisco on January 5 for Liverpoo',
and was reported o have been cantured
by the Spaniards
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.'
GREAT BRITAIN
IS NEUTRAL
The Proclamation of the
Queen Has Been
Issued.
Other Countries Will Probably
Follow in the Wake of
England.
There Is Still a Considerable Degree
of Doubt sb to Germany's
Position.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— Sir Julian
Pauncefote, the English Embassador,
to-day received a cable dispatch from
the British Foreign Office signed by
Lord Salisbury announcing that the
Queen's proclamation of neutrality in
the war between Spain and the United
States had been signed. The dispatch
adds that the proclamation is similar
to those issued on former occasions, but
in addition directs special attention to
the three rules of the treaty ct Wash
ington of May S, 1871. article 6 of which
will be obserwl towar both countries.
The three rules to which Lord Salis
bury directs special attention are of ex
ceptional moment just at present, ow
ing to the presence in British ports of
several warships, including the Somers
and Albany, intended for the United
States Navy. The three rules are as fol
lows:
"A neutral Government Is bound, first,
to use diligence to prevent the fitting out,
arming or equipping, within its jurisdic
tion of any vessel which it has reasona
ble grounds to believe is intended 10
cruise or carry on war with a power with
which it is at peace, and also to use iik»
diligence to prevent the departure from its
jurisdiction of any vessel Intended to
cruise or carry on -;dr as above, such
vessel haying been specially adapted, in
whole or in part, within such jurisdicrion,
to warlike use.
"Second— Not to permit or to suffe-
Lighthouse Tender Mangrove, the Little Ship That Caught the Panama.
either belligerent to mane use of its ports
or waters as the base of naval operations
against the other, or for the purpose of
renewal or augmentation of military sup
p.aes or arms, or the recruitment or m;:i.
"Third— To exercise due diligence in Its
own porta and waters, and, as to all par
sons within its jurisdiction, to prevent
any violation of the foregoing obliga
tions and duties."
The second rule doubtless accounts
for the enforced departure of the
United States lleet at Hongkong. The
first rule appears to apply directly to
several ships purchased by the United
States abroad, and now hurrying to
completion in British yards. Most im
portant of these is the fine cruiser Al
bany, formerly the Admiral Abrouall,
of the Brazilian navy. From the strict
rule adopted in stopping the torpedo
boat Somers and the mail steamer Ire
land, as reported by press dispatches,
it is believed the rule against the de
parture of warships will be given a
very rigid construction.
Doubt is expressed here as to the
report current in London that the
proclamation was due to an under
standing between the United States
and Great Britain, in order that other
countries might be urged to adopt a
similar attitude of neutrality. It is
hardly believed the United States
would urge a proclamation, the first ef
fect of which is to tie up American
warships nearing completion in Brit
ish yards.
It was stated in high diplomatic
quarters to-day that no further doubt
existed as to the attitude of Portugal
in maintaining neutrality. This is re
garded as specially important at this
time, owing to the fact that the Cape
Verde Islands, the Azores and the Ma
deiras belong to Portugal. All of these
groups have fine harbors and coaling
facilities, and are so located as to be of
vital service to the Spanish navy In
case their use were not barred by Por
tugal's neutrality.
The neutrality of Portugal will pre
vent a longer use of these islands as
a base of operations for the Spanish
ships, (r even a stopping place for
them. They will be forced to go to one
of their own ports, the Canaries prob
ably being the most advantageous
peint, now that Capr> Verde and other
Portuguese islands are closed to them.
The reports that Germany would not
issue a proclamation of neutrality, in
order to leave her hands free for inter
vention if it seems c" sirable, cannot be
confirmed in diplomatic circles here.
On the other hand, there is every indi
catic-n that Germany will observe strict
neutrality so long as German ships and
German commerce are unmolested dur
ing the progress of the war. If, how
ever, German interests suffer by search
and seizure on the high seas, then it is
not so certain a strict neutrality will
be continued.
It is held among leading diplomats
that no question can be raised as to
the status of Senor Polo at Toronto.
He is said to be a private citizen, hav
ing the right of domicile in a neutral
country. __ _____________
Mrs. Plyler Released.
SANTA CRUZ, April 26.— The case
against Minnie Plyler for mayhem, com
mitted on Charles Harris, was dismissed
this morning in the Superior Court. Har
ris" whereabouts is unknown, he having
disappeared.
Forest Tracts Ablaze.
SANTA CRUZ. April 2G.— A forest fire
is raging in the woods on the mountains
lmck of Cowell's lime kilns. Much valu
able timber is being burned.
LIEUTENANT-COMMANDER EVERETT.
Career of the Naval Officer Whose Little Craft Captured
the Panama.
Lieutenant Commander William H. Everett is a true type of American
manhood. Born in Connecticut, he was at an early age left an orphan by
the death of his father, who came to California in 1849, and died in Tuol
umne County. The youne: man. left to his own resources, worked his way
through the schools of New Haven, and late in the fifties was appointed
by Governor English of Connecticut a cadet at Annapolis. He graduated
with honors and has seen much sea life.
In August, 1897, he was appointed commander of the U. S. S. Michi
gan, stationed on Lake Erie, but on April 5 he requested to be transferred
to active duty, and on the 13th took command of the Mangrove. He at
once has made for himself a name that will be honored in history.
Lieutenant-Commandor Everett is a nephew of S. L. Everett, editor of
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron of this city.
TWO BRIGADES
OF INFANTRY
Troops at Chickamauga
to Be Formed Into
a Division.
Colonel Van Horn of the Eighth
Regiment Put In Com
mand.
Field Maneuver* Will Begin at the
C«mp Grounds ty Next
Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICKAMAUGA PARK, April 26.—
General field orders directing the for-
I mation of the United States infantry
regiments here into a division of two
; brigades were issued to »'iy by Major
1 General Brooke. Colonel James -*. Van
Horn of the Eighth Infantry is rut in
i command of the division, he being the
ranking senior officer. The first brig
ade is composed of the Seventh, Eighth,
! Twelfth and Twenty-fifth infantries,
with Colonel Andrew S. Burt of the
! Twenty-fifth in command. The sec
■ ond brigade, according to the general
! order, is made up of the Second and
i Twenty-fourth Infantry, "and such
j other infantry as may arrive here."
Plans in regard to the formation of
the second brigade were knocked awry
i this evening by the definite announce
j ment that the order for the First Regi
! ment. from the Presidio and Benicia
; Barracks, Cal., to proceed to Chicka*
' mauga, had been countermanded, and
' that the regiment had gone into camp
jat New Orleans. This also, for the
j time being, at least, disposed of the
! plan of the organization of the infan
! try into three brigades of three regi-
m ents each. As it stands now, the Six
teenth, from Forts Sherman, Spokane
and Boise Barracks, is the only regi
ment which Major-General- Brooke is
reasonably certain of having incorpor
! ated in his army. Detached officers of
i that regiment have already reported
j for duty here.
The Eighteenth and Nineteenth regi
ments frc-m Forts Bliss and Sam Hous
ton, and the latter from Forts Brady
and Wayne, it is thought, however,
; may have gone to Chickamauga, in
! which case three brigades of three regi
ments each will be formed.
As the second brigade now stands,
Colonel J. C. Bates of the Second Reg
iment is in command. Battery X of
the First, from Texas, and Batteries C
and F of the Third, from San Fran
ciscrr, arrived to-day. This makes
ten batteries in camp and completes
the artillery concentration here. It is
the intention to organize them into
two battalions c-f five batteries each,
with Majors Lancaster and Dillenback
as commanders.
The Second Regiment of infantry,
from Forts Keogh and Harrison, Mont.,
and Fort Yates, N. D., 469 men and 22
i officers, in command of Cc-lonel J. C.
Bates, which arrived last night, went
into camp near the Twenty-fourth, in
the Lafayette road. The cavalry ar
1 rivals consist of Troop A of the
■ Third, from Fort Huachuca, Ariz., and
Troops E and X o-f the Second, from
Fort Wingate.
Field orders were issued for the rigid
policing: of the camp. Daily inspections
of the camps will be made and every
sanitary precaution taken. It is quite
probable that the entire body of troops
located here will be vaccinated.
By next week the field maneuvers of
the army will begin.
ORGANIZATION OF
THE VOLUNTEER ARMY.
The War Department Announces the
Make-up of the Cavalry and
Infantry.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— War
Department has announced that the or
ganization of the volunteer army will
1 be as follows:
Artillery— Light battery: One captain,
! 1 .first ■' lieutenant, 2 second lieutenants, 1
i first sergeant, 1 quartermaster sergeant,
j 1 veterinary sergeant and 6 sergeants. 15
I corporals, 2 farriers. 2 artificers, 1 saddler,
. 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, 141 privates,
I maximum, 114 privates minimum.
Heavy battery— captain, 1 first lieu
! tenant, 2 second lieutenants, 1 first ser
: geant, 22 sergeants, 10 corporals, 2 musi
cians, 2 artificers, 1 wagoner, 162 pri
vates.
Cavalry Troops— captain, one first
j lieutenant, one second lieutenant, one
: first sergeant, one quartermaster ser
! geant, six sergeants, eight corporals, two
I larriers and blacksmiths, two trumpet
' ers, one saddler, one wagoner, 78 privates
I maximum. t"4 privates minimum.
Regiment— One colonel, one llrst lie\?
i tenant, one adjutant (extra lieutenant),
■ one quartermaster (extra lieutenant), one
surgeon, two assistant surgeons, one
chaplain, three hospital stewarus, one
'sergeant major, one quartermaster ser
; geant, one chief musician, one saddler
; sergeant, one; chief trumpeter. ■
Infantry company— One captain, one
i lieutenant, one second lieutenant,, one
' first sergeant, one quartermaster ser
geant, four sergeants, twelve corporals,
: two musicians, one artificer, . one wa
goner, 76 privates maximum, 64 privates
minimum.
Regiment— colonel, one lieutenant
: colonel, two majors, one adjutant (extra
'■■ lieutenant), one quartermaster (extra
lieutenant), one . surgeon, two 'assistant
surgeons, one chaplain, one sergeant-ma
: jor, one quartermaster sergeant, one chief
musician, two principal musicians and
j three hospital stewards.
Two Liners Purchased.
EW YORK, April 26.—Hamburg
' American officials announce that the
Fuerst Bismarck and Columbia have
been purchased by the United States.
QTTEENSTOWN, April 26.— Keport.
that the steamer Pennland from Phila-
I delphia sighted a Spanish warship
cruising is ent rely untrue.
Passed the Liner Paris.
QUEENSTOWN, April 27, 1 a. m.—
The steamer Majestic rep rts passing
an American liner, presun bly the
Paris. Monday morning in atitude 48.52,
. longitude 29
KEEPING
BLOCKADE
BY NIGHT
Cruise of a Call Man
Outside of Havana
HarboPo
First Two Prisoners of War
Taken by the Cruiser Cin
cinnati and One Is
Paroled.
On board the United States torpedo
boat Porter, with the blockading
squadron, off Havana, via Key West.
Fla., April 26.— Two Spanish soldiers in
blue uniforms with hairline stripes of
white and straw hats, which Bianco's
men wear In the field, were prisoners
to-day on board the flagship New York.
One was a lieutenant. They were In a
boat going from Matanzas to a neigh
boring port, where the lieutenant
wanted to see his baby boy, that was
born while he was in the field. The
Cincinnati, which was lying off Matan
zas, picked up the boat and men.
They were sent to the flagship, the
first actual prisoners of war.
They were duly astonished by the
manual exercises 'drill, which they
i watched with interest, after they had
1 been told by an Interpreter that they
j were not to be hanged at the yardarm
immediately, as they seemed to expect.
I The lieutenant was paroled and set
ashore In the Algonquin, which landed
him this afternoon at a small fort a
i few miles east of Havana.
The flagship this morning lay ten
miles east of Morro Castle, where news
of the declaration of war was received
with keen satisfaction by all.
Surprise and laughter greeted the
news that the Mangrove had cap
tured the Panama, the rich prize for
which the battle-ships and torpedo-
I boats have been scouring the straits
for days.
The Porter last night did picket duty
1 inside and outside the cruisers and bat
tleships. I was a member of the Por
| ter's crew last night, and to-day be
, cause of my knowledge of the coast,
I which Captain Fremont wished to ex
amine.
It is the Porter and other vessels of
her class which make the blockade
; unequaled in point of efficiency and
; picturesqueness in the history of war.
■ By day the torpedo boats hunt before
and around the cruisers. By night,
with lights out, they cruise inshore
and outside the big warships, and
friend, foe and stranger alike must
prove their identity an mission before
' the black witches allow them to pro
| ceed.
If he be Spanish he is surely lost. He
cannot enter or leave Havana in any
case unless he be so small as to be of
no attraction for prize hunters. If he
be big ht is more easily seen and more
eagerly hunted.
Tha Porter lay off Morro Castle for
a time last night while the bi • search
light on the castle swept sky and sea
; in vain effort to locate the ships of
j the enemy. The low-lying torpedo-boat
I was unnoticed, being so far off that the
! light even when it fell across her gave
I but few clews, if any, to the men at the
' guns ashore. Then, cruising westward
' for ten or fifteen miles, she returned,
running close under the batteries, but
■ still undetected. One of the warships
: lying off Havana, making out a black
! object between itself ana the shore,
showed the fle?t signal to determine
: whether the flying craft were friend or
j enemy. The Porter burned the fleet
j signal in answer. Delay in answering
would have been followed by a terrific
fire from the warship's secondary bat
tery.
From low cruising ppeed the Porter
suddenly increased to twenty knots to
go flying after a sail creeping: along the
land west of . orro. It proved to be a
small sloop ard the chase was aban
doned. Smoke later betrayed the pres
ence ' a small gunboat which had
moved out of Havana and was steam
ing westward still under the guns of
; Santa Clam battery. It was identified
ias the Plnzon or one of that class,
1 which for.. *rly used to run outside
Motto for gTiar'! duty at night, return
ing to the .arbor at dawn.
Once Captain Fremont of the Porter
had sized up the Spaniard he smiled,
and after sweeping the seaward horizon
with his glasses darted off to the De
troit and the converted yacht Hawk
with the news. The cruiser and the
Destroyer headed for the westernmost
end of the Vedado batteries, hoping to
cut off the gunboat before it could re
turn to the harbor, but the Spaniard
had put back as soon as the Porter
started seaward, and the night hunt
was fruitless. Away to the eastward
went the Porter, ignoring the Morro's
searchlight, which was sweeping the
sea and sky unceasingly.
Then at 11 o'clock the searchlight and
electric lights on the Porter were ex
tinguished, and only a faint patch of
soft radiance from the houses marked
the beleagured city of Havana. The
torpedo-boat ran close under the bat
teries and still to the eastward.
The outline of a big ship was seen,
dimly aga'nst the line to seaward
seemingly too far in shore to be one
of the fleet. Again the Porter's speed
jumped from ten to twenty knots, as
swinging wide of the stranger she
dodged his watch forward and sh »t
down upon him from the rear.
No sign was r-ade by the Porter un
til sho was far inside the distance at
which guns couV have been directed
at her. Then she showed the fleet
signal. Had the answer been any but
the right one the big ship was doomed.
In a second the proper signal burned at
the masthead in reply.
It was one of the cruisers, and the
Porter faded away in the darkness
and resumed her to the east
ward, sweeping close under the ™ast
and far out to sea alternately, and
overlooking nothing bigger than n sea
bird till the sun like a t>ig gold piece
on edge rose out of the sea and the
night patrol was over.
WEST POINT GRADUATES
THE CLASS OF '98.
HIGHLAND FALLS. N. T.. April 26.
— West Point at 2 o'clock to-day gradu
ated the clasr of IS9B. The stern re
quirements of the service permitted
nothin but short ceremonies. The de
livery of the diplomas was made by
Colonel H. C. Ernest, superintendent of
the academy, and the addresses to the
class by Colorel P. S. Michie, profes
sor of natural and experimental phil
osophy.
This Is the first time since 1861 that
any class has been graduated before the
end of the academic year. There was
none of the many pleasant features
which usually attend the graduating
class, but there were fifty-live ha-^v
young men. T sgßffiß
The examination, usually held in
June, will probably not be held until
later, as it may become necessary to
graduate the second class soon. If this
becomes necessary, that examination;
and graduation may not take place be
fore July or August. Most of the new
officers will be assigned to the two
new artillery regiments and the rest di
vided among the volunteers.
The following is the standing of the
first ten men in order of general merit:
Frank Boggs, Pennsylvania; C. Smith,
Illinois: W. W. Wooten, North Caro-'.
lina: L. Brown, Tennessee; P- D.!
Kerr. West Virginia; E. I. Brown.'
Georgia: .A. A. Fries, Oregon; M. Mc-
McCloskey, Philadelphia; J. E.;
Stephens. Tennessee; T. E. Merrill,
Kentucky; M. C. Kerth, Illinois.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tr^* ' When we read,
*^oL of a mother j
\, I leaves her new- 1
II izX^ttttSkH n born fcabe 6hiv
I j£asVl§swi k orn babe shiv-
J f SSffiS^S^^ erin? on a dOOr "
■ J C>-MHPirtE?C ( step.unguarded'
— ; 1 '/, iSafeiw&H' ment9 > an< * to
I— . J fiS§SaEKm r suffe r at the
ji raS iw& mercy of stran-
I_' a" flß^Silsw ?ers ' we won-
%r^r- — ■ %IS W^^VfW at er co^
l£3&it&2 > k \mif of mother-love.
~ r \~\'^ — '^i i *Sy There are other j
•"*^-J- — " , ways, than de- j
sertion, of exposing a child to a life of suf- ,
fering. The mother who, through ignorance j
or neglect of the health and vigor of the or-
gans that make motherhood possible, brings
into the world a sick and puny child is at
fault for the life of suffering to which it m
condemned. If a woman would have
healthy, robust, happy children, with bright
futures, she must take proper care of her
womanly self.
The best of all medicines for women is
Di. Pieree's Favorite Prescription. It acta
directly and only on the delicate and im- ;
portant organs that bear the burdens of ma-
ternity. It makes them strong and healthy.
It prepares for wifehood and motherhood.
Taken during the expectant period it ban-
ishes the usual discomforts and makes
baby's coming-easy and almost painless. It
insiires a robust, healthy newcomer and
ample, natural nourishment. Over 90,000
women have testified to its merits over their ;
signatures. All good druggists sell it
Mrs. Ursula Dunham, of Sistersville, Tyler Co..
W. Va., writes: "My baby now is nearly a year
old. She was born iMt March. After she wa.l
born I had local weakness. I could not stand up
long enomrh to wash the dishes. In September I
began taking Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
I took three bottles and it has cured me. I can
now do all my work.*
w\ i"*y» " t If constipation was
llf t-JIPrTP ' painful like a tooth-,
U 1 • ft IUVt -3 ache, s ness would
to a very great extent be a thing of the past. If it !
was painful, the proper remedy would be prompt- j
ly resorted to, and the long train of disorders for i
which it is responsible would cease to exist. But i
unfortunately constipation is the easiest to neg-
lect of all sickness-breeding conditions. A resort i
to the right remedy is put off from day to day. It
■shows itself in a headache, and some injuri- 1
ous headache powder that gives but temporary .
relief is used. Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets
go to the. first cause of the trouble and cure
it... They are a prompt and permanent ' cure
for constipation. They cause no pain and
never gripe. Druggists rv -- .
; sell them, and sell nothing |-^Al|AfC •
else that is "just as g00d.." A VllVlOt
34
MASSING OF
WARRIORS AT
CHICKAMAUGA
Vast Bivouac on the Scene
of One of the World's
Greatest Battles.
Stirring Events of the Sixties Re
called by the Mobilization of
Troops to Conquer
Spain.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., April 26.-
Every veteran of the Civil War who
has passed through Chlckamauga Park
within the week— and there are many
who haye — has been thrilled with pat
riotism. Not only have recollections
cf the bloody IPth and 20th of Septem
ber, lSfiS, been brought vividly before
him, but the glint of the sunshine, upon
hundreds, almost thousands, of white
tents through the Interstices in the
foliage of the trees and the echoing
rotes of the bugle have thrilled him
anew with martial ardor, such as he
has not experienced sine.;' the day he
lapt saw this memorable field- Here
and there, dotting the open meadows
and surrounded, at times, by trees that
grow exactly where trees grew on the
days of the battle, are the camps of
the United States regulars. Adown
the magnificent driveways which
thread the grand park to its innermost
points, where once only trails or sur
face roads had place, the galloping of
the mounted orderly's horse, or the
ceaseless footfalls of the sentry on
guard, fall upon his ear as they did
In the days when first he saw this
place.
Tourists by the thousands are flock
ing into Chattanooga, and Chicka
mauga is the mecca of their pilgrim
age. The massing of the cavalry and
light artillery there assumed such
great proportions that it required a
day, before the week was out, to drive
about the park and see the various
camps. The roadways were thronged
every day with cavalry trains coming
in, followed by their lumbering wagons
and citizen teamsters of every race and
color. Ceaseless lines of quaint equip
ages, driven by negroes as dark as
night and carrying a mixed collection
of the highest colored society of Ten
nesse, follow the lien of march from
the depots in Chattannooga all the way
to the most remote of all the camps,
that of the Twenty-fifth Infantry, full>
fourteen miles from the city.
The scenes at the depots in town
may well be imagined. The colored
population, for lack of better employ
ment, turned out en masse the day be
fore the first troops arrived and has
remained turned out ever since. The
mobilization of these two arms of the
service could not be properly accom
plished without the assistance of thirty
or forty thousand of them, according
to their opinion. The scenes at Chat
tanooga stations, however, differed lit
tle from that witnessed at every town
through which troops have passed, but
at the Military Park there was enousn
that was unusual to interest half the
population of the city from dawn un
til dark.
The tourist who has conceived a men.
tal picture of the park, according to
descriptions that have been published
about it, or who attempts to see it by
following 1 the guidebook, will be disap
pointed. It is the largr-st. park in the
world, except «-ne, and covers so many
miles square that it is a good day's
drive to sec it nil and see it properly.
Its monuments, its beautiful drives, its
picturesque groves and its wooded
hills, its shaded brooks of purest wat
er—all these in times of peace appeal to
the eye of the visitor, but at this time
all interest centers in the military en
campments.
Chiekamauga Park Is a succession of
meadows, rolling land and wooded
knolls. It is Impossible to get a bir* 1*;-•1 *;
• c view of it entire from any point, fo.
which reason no panoramic photo
graphs nf it have been made. The
camps of the troops are in the open
places, separated by acres and acres
of woodland, which has been preserved
In exactly the same condition, except
for the ravages of time, as it was in
1883. Hence It is impossible to see any
one great military bivouac at Chicka
mauga. notwithstanding the fact that
a great army is mobilized there.
A general view of the encampment of
the Twenty-fifth Infantry, the first
troop to arrive, gives a correct idea of
the various and numerous camps
throughout the park. Colonel A. S.
Burt, who i.s in command of the Twen
ty-fifth, has selected a picturesque
spot for his command, and is at home
to all visitors. I photographed him at
his quarters a few days ago, and at the
same time made a number of pictures,
through his kind permission. One of
them, a full portrait of Corporal Dan
iels of E Company, illustrates the type
of colored soldier enlisted in Uncle
Fam's service. That they are a very
d iff. rent sort of colored man from the
vorthless, lazy throng that exists in
this part <-f the South was made mani
fest immediately upon their arrival
here, and, notwithstanding the fact
that a negro has no standing whatever
in this community, they have com
manded the respect and admiration of
every one by their soldierly bearing.
Their village of tents is neat to a de
gree. There is absolutely no refuse in
Its streets, none in its fragile houses.
The cook tents and company messes
are sweet and savory, and it is an ad
mitted fact that the colored troops live
fur better than the whites, although
the rations issued for them are the
same. They are the best cooks and de
light in providing appetizing dishes,
which, even if made from ordinary ma
terials, are greatly relished.
• The arrival of the cavatry at the park
on Thursday was the event of the
campaign thus far in Chickamauga.
The Sixth, comprising four troops from
Fort Myer, arrived Wednesday even
ing at Chattanooga and remained in
the cars until morning. Then the
trains were run out to the park and
unloaded there. There is a little de
pot at the beginning of the main park
drive, built to accommodate passen
gers who go out by train, but -wholly
inadequate for the handling of the vast
bodies of troops that are expected there
■within the month. The horses of the
cavalry were first unloaded. Gang
ways of rough planks had been con-
Ftrueted and placed at the doors of
the stockcars, as far as the length of
the platform would permit. But four
cars could be handled at a time.. The
horses, seemingly drilled for the work,
made no offer to bolt from the cars
•when the doors were opened, but await
ed orders like soldiers, and came down
the gangways with a precision and
care that was remarked by all who
saw them. In half an hour there were
T>oo superb horses staked out on picket
lines In the level valley opposite the
railway station.
The men, meanwhile, had not been
idle. With that promptness which
characterizes everything the cavalry
does their equipments had been car
ried from the train and placed on the
ground in as perfect order as if for in
spection at "stables" in their post at
home. Great lumbering army wagons,
with their bowed hoops and whit? tar
paulin covers, were debarked from flat
cars, piled high with army parapherna
lia, to be almost immediately picked
up by teams of sturdy Government
mules and wheeled off toward the site
selected for the cavalry camping
grounds, on Lexington road, almost in
the center of the park.
The cavalry is ready to move at a
moment's notice, and so far as rations
and forage are concerned would not be
at all hampered by sudden marching
orders, for they brought with them
supplies and rations for from thirty to
thirty-five days.
The cavalry encampment as inaugur
ated on Thursday is located about ft
mile and a half from the infantry bi
vouac. The Third Cavalry from Jef
ferson Barracks were the first of all
the troops t j arrive at Chattanooga
after marching orders had been given
nut. with the single exception of th<>
Twenty-fifth Infantry, which was on
the field several days before the gen.
ernl order was issued.
The Third was ordered to march from
Chattanooga to the camp site selected
for them by Major Dillenbeck, and ar
rived at the park about noon Thurs
day. The command numbered about
500 men. who. together with their bag
gage and supply trains, made a for
midable looking caravan. Throngs of
carriages followed this detachment
from the city and hack drivers reaped
a harvest such as they have not had in
years.
When the troops from Fort Riley,
Fort Wlngate and Fort Logan arrived,
completing the Second Cavalry, the
scenes were repeated at the park, where
their trains were unloaded. One of the
troop? from Fort Wingate. E, of the
Second Cavalry, is the crack troop of
the United States army in the matter
of rifle shooting, having won the great
Nevada trophy in last season's com
petitive shoot. The troop commander,
Captain Pearson, who has been de
tailed on instruction duty in the East
for some time, was the only member
of his troop, officers or men. who did
not participate in the shoot. First Lieu
tenant Willie Bean was In command
and Lieutenants William Kelly Jr. and
M. A. Hanna are also attached to this
troop. The honor which attaches to
this trophy is by no means insignifi
cant, for it is the highest mark of ap
proval that can be placed upon a com
pany or troop for marksmanship.
The headquarters of Major-Oeneral
Brooke are besieged by visitors and
newspaper representatives almost in
cessantly, for news, and now that «t is
unofficially stated that the mobilization
of SO. OOO volunteers will occur at Chick
amauga Park, as soon as they are
called out, Chattanooga is awakening
to a real sense of her importance and
is trying in every possible way to put
on the manners of a big town. When
th*> camp is abandoned at Chicka
mauga, however, and the soldiers have
all departed the relapse into her for
mer condition of peaceful re^t will be
as complete as it will be instantaneous
W. J. ROUSE.
STOCK TRAIN WRFCKED *
BY A MISPLACED SWITCH.
Five Cars Laden With Stock Demol
ished on the North Pacific at
Cloverdale.
n.nvERDALE. April 2fi.— A special
freight train on the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway was wrecked here
at 4 a. m., owing to a misnlaced switch.
The wrecked train consisted of forty cars
of sheep and ten cars of horses, bound
for Long Valley, BlAnanctno County, from
Southern California. Trie train crew es- <
C&ped serious injury. Five cars and the i
engine were badly damaged, but not i
much of the stock was killed. The regu- I
lar morning passenger, mail and express J
train, leaving Tkiah at 5:15 a. m.. was I
delayed here five hours. A temporary
track was constructed and regular traffic
resumed this afternoon.
Death at Castroville.
SALINAS, April 26.— Louis Bertrand
Keating, one of Castroville's oldest pio
neers, died there this morning. He was a
native of Maine and aged sixty-six years.
Besides being one of the first merchants
!£.S et i,, m Cas troville lie was the oldest I
Odd Fellow in Monterery County He '
leaves a widow and five children in com
fortable circumstances. He will be buried
under the auspices of the Odd Fellows' !
lodge here.
Minstrel Show for Charity.
SAX JOSE, April 2C.-The Garden City
Wheelmen will grivc n minyircl show
Thursday ami Friday evening* under the '
supervision of AVilllam MV.ston for the
benefit of the Catholic La.Ues Aid Soci- i
ety. There will be a chorus of seventv
flvc trained voices. Alfie yon Bendek-l.cn
the female impersonator; Little Gus Tal
ly, tho colored comedian, and th Q G C
W. quartet will be among the specialties
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
NATIVES VISIT
THE MALAKOFF
Entertained at the Great
Hydraulic Mine in
Nevada County.
Charges of Giant Powder Ex
ploded in Uproarious
Greeting.
Excit ng Incidents of a ,Stage Ride
From Nevada City to North
Bloom field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 26.— A nusrget
hunting expedition extraordinary was
the principal number on to-day's pro
gramme for the entertainment of the
Native Sons who are here to attend
the session of the Grand Parlor. In-
cidental to this interesting and practi
cal illustration of the methods employ
ed in wrestinp" the aboriginal Colonel
Mazuma from Mother Earth, the visi
tors were treated to some applied the
ories as to the best means of mountain
traveling. . "For this day only." as the
show bills have it, the "Teat Malakoff
hydraulic i..lne was thrown open for
the inspection of all who cared to see
it.
The mine, which is one of the largest
of the kind. in the world, is situated in
the heart of the mountains, near the
little village of North Bloomfield, and
fifteen miles from Nevada City. The
road to the mine pitches up and down
the precipitous sides of the mountains
in a manner calculated to make the
hair of a novice stand on end.
Occasionally the road skirts along the
edge of a precipice or whisks around
the shoulder of a great cliff, seemingly
for the sole purpose of giving the stage
drivers an opportunity to show how
easy it is to knock pebbles into the
seemingly bottomless abyss with the
rear wheel of the coach.
If to all this is added the fact that
almost every mile of the road has its
history of a stage robbery or murder, a
fair understanding can be had of the
effect of the fifteen-mile drive on the
minds of a majority of the native sons.
In this connection there is a story
going the rounds to-night that has for
a central figure Mark Devine, who,
when at home, is the valued and valu
able assistant of Chief Wharh'nger Root
on the San Francisco water front. It
seems, so the story goes, that Devine
is a trifle nervous and did not wholly
approve of the spectacular efforts of
the driver of the conveyance in which
he and a party of friends were riding.
Being of a retiring disposition he said
nothing, but at the first convenient op
portunity he expressed a desire to walk
over a particularly dangerous piece of
road. In order, as he said, to lighten
the load and save the horses. Devine
trudged alorg behind the team for per
haps a hundred - ards or so, when he
was suddenly confronted by the follow
ing inscription, painted in bold letters
on the face of a huge boulder that
jutted out from the mountain side, just
above th; road:
Sacred to the Memory of
S. GAVIOLLOTI.
Murdered on This Spot,
September 12, 1891.
The driver of the vehicle appreciat
ing the situation laid on the whip and
in a moment had swung around a turn
in the road and was out of sight.
Then ensued what is said Xi have
been one of .he prettiest races ever
witnessed in Nevada County. Down the
mountain side went the coach at a
break-neck gallop, and after it raced
Devine, with his hat in his hand and
his heart in his mouth.
When he finally caught up he took
his seat in the coach, and during the
balance of the journey said never a
word when the driver sought to make
new wheel marks along the outer edge
of the bit of a shelf that does «.uty for
a road. It Is only fai to Devine to say
that he brands the story as an inven
tion emanating from his fun-loving
companions.
Arriving at the mine the Natives
were escorted to the workings and in
itiated into the mysteries of sluices,
monitors, flumes, pipe lines, impound
ing dams, pay dirt, bedrock and a thou
sand and one things that are a sealed
book to the ordinary mortal, who gains
an occasional minted coin by the sweat
o-f his brow at an, office desk. The ar
rival of the visitors, who numbered
several hundred, was signalized by the
firing of twenty heaw charges of giant
powder. Two hours later, when all of
the sight-seers had been herded in a
place of safety on a high bluff over
looking the workings, 200 blasts were
set off in the bottom of the huge pit.
After the inspection of the mine had
been completed the visitors were con
ducted to a shady grove on the moun
tain side, above North Bloomfield,
where they were treated to a typical
miners' dinner, served on long tables
in the open air. The repast consisted
of stewed chicken, meats and vege
tables, together with unlimited quan
tities of all kinds of drinkables.
After the repast the visitors bade
good-by to their entertainers and
started on the return trip, reaching this
city late in the afternoon. The day's
enjoyment was somewhat marred by
a distressing accident, caused by the
incompetence of a driver, and which
resulted in bodily injury to three mem
bers of the junketing expedition. While
making a sharp turn on the road about
seven miles out of this city a stage
carrying a party of twelve Native Sons
was overturned. H. D. Cushing of
Oakland had his arm broken by the
fall. A. J. Turner of Stockton sustained
an Injury of the hip and Rod W.
Church of Oakland received several se
vere bruises about the body.
LIST OF DEAD
NOT COMPLETE
Many Bodies Still Under
the Snow in Chil
coot Pass.
Volunteers Have Ceased the
Work of Delving for
Victims.
Men Whose Outfits Were Covered
by the Avalanche Return
to Tajoma.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. April 26.— A1l recent
steamers from Dyoa and Skaguay have
brought back men whose outfits were
buried by slides between Sheep Camp
and the Scales. Several dozens of
these have returned, including four
Camp of the Twenty-Fifth United States Infantry at
Chickamauga, Colonel A. S. Burt and Orderly in
the Foreground.
NICARAGUA AND
COSTA RICA ON
THE EVE OF WAR
Seem Determined to Decide
Their Differences by an
Appeal to Arms.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, April 26. — War seems inevitable between Nicaragua and
Costa Rica. Despite the mediation of sister republics, the two coun
tries seem determined to decide the issues between them by an appeal to
arms.
President Rafael Iglesias, accompanied by sixty officers, embarked
at Puntas Arenas to-day on the national guardboat Poas for the Nicara
guan frontier, where he will place himself at the head of a large for-ce
of troops and commence operations against General Zelaya, President
of Nicaragua, immediately.
Minister Lainfesta has failed in his efforts to bring about a settle
ment of the trouble.
El Comercio, the semi-official organ of President Zelaya, under the
caption, "There Is No Peace," says:
"Notwithstanding persistent rumors circulated within the last few
days, as the result of the efforts of Minister Lainfesta, we are in a po
sition to assert that such reports are absolutely unfounded, and that
war is now more probable than ever.
"War at the present time amounts to a necessity, as no other step
can put an end to this already too long drawn out question. President
Iglesias, with his well-known hostility toward us, has provoked the in
dignation of the Niearaguan people, who will no longer bear the ag
gressions of their restless and ambitious neighbor."
In conclusion, El Comercio says:
"There is no peace; there cannot nor should there be peace."
who arrived to-day on the steamer
Edith. Among them are S. J. Vandrey
and Peter Williams of Douglas, Wyom
ing. Their party of five men lost com
plete outfits under the avalanche and
expect never to see them again, de
claring that the tremendous weight
'crushed and destroyed their food sup
plies.
Vandrey says that without doubt fif
teen or twenty more bodies will be dis
covered in the avalanche's pathway
when summer comes. According to
his story no digging has been done for
a distance of a hundred yards on ac
count of the extreme depth of the snow,
which is piled over forty feet high. In
any community where organized gov
ernment exists this snow would be re
moved, vast, as the work might be, and
the bodies taken out. In Alaska such
a course is impossible, volunteer shov
elers having tired of digging and re
turned to their labors.
Vandrey talked with several men
who know that their partners were
killed, though their bodies have not
been found.
Unfortunately Vandrey took no ac
count of the missing men's names. He
could not continue his 'nurney, believ
ing that so many victims remained un
discovered in their frozen shrouds, and,
accordingly, returns to Wyoming for
good.
Another of the Edith's passengers
started from Portland last summer, but
got no further than Tagish Lake. Win
tering there consumed all his provis
ions.
On Sunday the Edith went ashore
near Comox while proceeding thither
for coal. After remaining fast for
twenty-four hours she succeeded in
backing off. The damage is not ser
ious. Just as she <?ot off the tug Mamie
of Vancouver ran on a rocky ledge in
the same vicinity and was still fast
when the Edith left. It was then dark
and impossible to tell how badly the
tug was damaged. The Edith has been
tied up, light Alaska business making
it unprofitable to start her north at the
present.
SMITHS' CASH STORE. 27 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
BRYAN TALKS
OF ENLISTING
Willing to Serve as a
Private in the Volun
teer Army.
Fears His Offer to Serve May
Be Considered the Act of
a Demagogue.
Informs an Old Friend H« Would
Like to Go to the Front With
the Troops.
Special Dlsoatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 26.— A telegram
from Wichita, Kans., to the Herald
says tbat Colonel Boler has received a
telegram from W. J. Bryan, asking his
advice as to offering his services as a
private soldier. Colonel Boler is an
old-time friend of Mr. Bryan. The
Democratic leader said he was fearful
this volunteering might be looked upon
as the act of a demagogue, and hence
he asked Colonel Boler's judgment on
that point. The colonel says that Mr.
Bryan had before written him ex
pressing his disapproval of the "un
seemly scramble" for military office ex
hibited from every quarter.
Mr. Bryan left Lincoln this afternoon
for Rock Island, 111., where he will de
liver an address to-morrow at the ded
ication of a building erected by Mod
ern Woodmen, but before his depart
ure he said he was willing to serve his
country in any capacity, no matter how
humble.
"I can only Bay," replied Mr. Bryan
to a question regarding his probable
enlistment as a private soldier, "that
I have not the military education nor
the experience % necessary to qualify as
an officer, and thereforelam willing to j
enter the ranks. At such a time as this '
every man who can get away ought to
enlist. I do not think I would make
a bad soldier. lam athletic and strong
and am sure I would be amenable to j
discipline. I am ready to- enlist at any !
time and go wherever the Government
may see fit to send me."
CHINESE PASSENGERS
DENIED A LANDING.
SEATTLE, April 26.— 0n board the Ja
panese liner Yamaguchl Maru, which is
now in port, are forty-six Ignorant Chi
nese, caged under the watchful eye of a I
special United States customs officer. The
Chinese thought they were going to the
Trans-Mississippi Exposition at Omaha.
They were given to understand that after
spending a few months there, they could
remain on American soil, and for that
reason they crossed the Pacific. A mes
sage was sent from Seattle to the man
ager of the Omaha Exposition, notifying j
him of the arrival of the celestials. "The j
answer that came to-day was to the effect j
that no more Chinese were wanted. As >
a consequence Deputy Collector of Cus- i
toms Mitten was in a quandary and wired i
to the department at Washington as to !
what disposition should be made of the
party. He believes that the steamship
company will be compelled to take them
back to China,
SCOUT SHIPS
LOCATING THE
DONS' CRAFT
Two Spanish Men-of-War
Believed to Be Cruising
Near Our Shores.
War Department Formulates a
Plan for Conducting the
Military Operations on
Cuban Soil.
QUEENSTOWN, April 2<s.— The
"White Star line steamer Ma
jestic, from New York to Liver
pool, arrived here at 12:18 this
morning. Passengers who land
ed here say that at midnight on
Saturday, when about 1700 miles
west of Queenstown, the Majestic
passed a cruiser and three tor
pedo bound west, and It is pre
sumed that they were Spanish
vessels.
These reports seem to tally
with other advices that the
Spanish battle - ship Pelayo,
which sailed ostensibly for St.
Vincent, was really dispatched
with torpedo - boats for the
American coast.
NEW YORK, April 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Au
thoritative information has reached
here that Spain, anticipating the issu
ance of a neutrality proclamation by
France, has removed the battleship
Numancia from Toulon to Ca thagena.
The vessel was towed from Toulon yes
terday and it is understood that every
effort will be made by the Spaniards to
put her into condition for service as
promptly as possible.
There is considerable speculation in
naval circles as to the whereabouts of
the battleship Pelayo and the armored
cruiser Carlos V. The Pelayo left Ca
diz on J- >ril 17, nine ua-s ago, ostensi
bly for Cape Verde Islands and the
Carlos V sailed from Ferrol on April
20, six days ago, her destinat on being
officially announced as Cadiz.
Officials say that if the Pelayo were
bound for Cape Verde Islands she
should have reached her destination
several days ago. It is admitted to be
possible that the two ships may have
met and are now on a cruise against
American ship] ing.
The Columbia and Minneapolis, which
are swifter than either of the Spanish
vessels, are now at sea looking for any
of the enemy's warships or auxiliary
cruisers, and should a superior force be
sighted they will at once dash for the
nearest port, and the Hying squadron
will be sent to give battle to the enemy.
No official advices have yet been re
ceived of the departure of the Spanish
fleet from St. Vincent. Official infor
mation was received some days ago
that Spain's second torpedo fleet was
about to sail from Cadiz, but the of
ficials are unable to say whither it has
gone.
The naval plan of campaign against
Cuba contemplates a ruse de guerre
when the proper time arrives for the
seizure of the port desired as a base of
operations against Havana.
While several men-of-war will make
a demonstration against Havana or an
other port, a strong fleet of wars'iips
will be engaged in shelling: the point
picked out as the proper base, and a
force of 2000 marines and bluejackets
will be landed under their fire.
It is expected that the insurgents will
co-operate with the navy, and it is not
believed in naval circles that much
trouble will be experienced in the cap
ture of the port.
While the navy has practically made
all necessary preparations, the army is
disposed to wait until fall before com
mencing active operations. It is ad
mitted in all circles that it is neces
sary to secure a base through which
supplies can be sent to the Insurgents,
and once it has been occupied by
American marines it will be necessary
to send an army of 15,000, as stated in
the Herald, to hold It against any
force which General Blanco may send
against it.
. So far as any combined operations on
the part of the army and navy are con
cerned, however, nothing has yet been
determined. It is the expectation of
the authorities that the Cubans will
drive the Spanish troops Into Havana
and other points and will be able to
take such ports as axe not strongly gar
risoned.
According to advices received here,
General Blanco has already begun the
abandonment of the trocha and is col
lecting his troops in Havana, where he
will await the arrival of relief expected
to be brought by the Spanish fleet.
Naval authorities are extremely
anxious that the army shall at once
begin offensive operations by sending
a formidable fnrre to Cuba, and then,
with the aid of the insurgents, making
an attack on Hbviw while the navy
co-operates by attacking the city from
the sea.
President McKinley. Secretary Al
ger, Major-General Miles, Adjutant-
General Corbin and Brigadier-General
Shafter. who has been selected for the
command of 15.000 troops to be landed
in Cuba, will hold a conference to-mor
row. Final arrangements will then be
perfected for the conduct of the pro
posed plan.
As at present determined upon, it is
understood that the military will be
transported to the Cuban base in ves
sels convoyed b- men-of-war and will
aid the marines in fortifying it. Once
this has been accomplished it will be
an easy matter to ship into the in
terior an ample quantity of supplies of
all kinds for the use of the Cuban in
surgents.
When this work has been completed
it is highly probable, as the Herald
forecasted this morning, that the arm
ored ships of the North Atlantic squad
ron will be relieved from blockading
duty and will join the armored ships
of Commodore Schley's fleet. The com
bined force will then be ready to give
battle to the Spanish fleet, which will
by that time, it is expected, have been
for some days out from Cape Verde
Islands.
While no effective blockade of Porto
Rico has yet begun, I have it on relia
ble authority that American men-of
war have been cruising in that neigh
borhood for several days.
Members of the na r ai war board have
prepared a ph.n of operations against
San Juan and some of the members ara
in favor nf taking immediate steps to
deprive Spain of this important port.
It is conceded by naval strategists that
San Juan" will be extremely important
as a base of operations for Spanish
troops. In order that the earrison might
hold out as long a*s possible supplies of
all kinds were shipped in and it Is pre
pared to withstand a long siege.
In some circles it is regarded as prob
able that the action of this Government
in permitting- Porto Rico to remain un
attacked is due to its desire to draw
the Spanish fleet from Cape Verde to
San Juan and when it reaches that
port to send the armored ships of
the American squadron to give it bat
tle.
Spanish authorities appreciate as
well as do those of the United States
that so far as this country is concerned
the quicker a decisive battle is fought
tho better, and in some circles it is be
lieved that Spain will scatter her fleet
as much as possible, and will conduct
guerrilla warfare against this country.
FOREST FIRE RAGING.
Fine Residences Near Santa Barbara
Are in Danger.
SANTA BARBARA, April 26.— One of
the largest forest fires ever seen in this
section is now raging in San Rogue Can
yon. The fire extends from the top of
the mountain almost to the bottom and
resembles a stream of molten lava run
ning from the crater of a volcano.
Should the fire spread there is danger
that m.mv fine residences in Mission Can
yon will be destroyed.
Sonoma Votes Against Bonds.
SONOMA, April 26— A special o'.oction
held here to-day to vote on a proposition
to is»=up 118,000 bonds r»r municipal water
works was defeated by a vote of •
and 56 against, thfre bping just seven
votjes lacking to mak; the two-thirds ma
jority required by law.
Pioneer Passes Away.
BAN JOSE. April 26.— Ira J. Lovell. a
pioneer of Moreland district, died yester
day morning. He was a native of Ken
tucky and 87 years of ape. He crossed
the plains by ox team in IS>2, and :i year
later settled in this county. - t . .
1^ HE MOMKNTS THAT
' are yours- If you don't
do that you will be in a
very, very bad condition.
Yet that grand reme<lio-
treatment HUDYAN will
cure you. In a week it
stops all losses. It cures
hydrocele. It does stop
those backaches. HUDYAN
gives you renewed strength
and a new lease of life. Do
you forget what a grand
thing is strength?
YOUR
The vital force Is restored!
by "HUDYAN." All the 1
evil effects of early folly are
removed by HIJYAN. And
It does it in a week quite
often. It is the great and
only remedy for spermator-
rhoea; it is the one thing
which makes man. If you
are not a weakling you may
become one. Then you need
HUDYAN.
STRENGTH.
HUDYAX cures weak knees.
HUDYAN makes you abie
to face the world. HUDYAN
cures depression of the
spirits. HUDYAN will
change your life of gloom
into one of great and glori-
ous \appiness. HUDYAN !■
the sole property of the doc-
tors of the great medical in-
stitute. Ask about It.
Circulars and testimonials are sent ab«
solutely free to all inquirers. They will
show you what has been done. If you
have specks before your eyes, if you have*
blood taint, if you have kidney, bladder on
liver trouble— state you case plainly to tha
great physicians who do so much good.
They will charge you nothing for advice,
but they will cure you.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON AND MARKET STS.
GEOMLERDESKiHARVEST OF DEATH AT THE
SANTA CRUZ POWDER WORKS
EXPLOSION
SACRIFICES
TEN LIVES
Portion of the Plant
Demolished and
Burned.
Workmen Crushed Un
der the Debris and
Incinerated.
Eight Charred Bodies Recov
ered From the Smoking
Ruins.
GOVERNMENT A LOSER.
Manufacture of Smokeless Powder
Delayed at a. Critical
Period.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE DEAD.
James Miller.
Ernest Marshall.
Luther Marshall.
C. A. Cole.
H. C. Butler.
B. Jennings.
E. Gilleran.
Guy Fagan.
Carlyle Ross.
Charles Miller.
SANTA CRUZ, April 26.— At 5:15
this evening a portion of the Califor
nia Powder Works blew up. There
was a Beries of terrific explosions and
at once the nature of the catastrophe
flashed across every mind. People
rustled into the streets, and a few in<«
a later were on ihe way to the
scene of the catastrophe, fearful that
ihing awful had occurred, and
yet conscious that at any instant
th^re might be an added calamity.
Hardly had the throng started f,, r
the scene when the sky was lighted by
a burst of flame, and a dull roar
startled the senses of those already
intensely wrought up by the dread
possibility of what had occurred.
Many turned back, and were spared a
Bight which description could hardly
Portray. There had been destruction
and death.
The i wder mill canyon was one
pea of fire. Amid the blinding timbers
and rapidly licking flames there did
not seem to be a vestige of the Cali
fornia Powder Works remaining.
Hcraps from gun cotton were falling
in showers to the ground. Aa one
neared the sc^ne of the explosion,
shingles, pieces of timber and gal
vanized Iron were strewn about in
confusion.
A half hour before this had been one
of the busiest spots in California.
Every man anil boy who could work
in the mills were engaged, and car
penters, masons and builders were en
larging the works.
Eight bodies have been taken from
the debris, nearly all charred beyond
re© ignition.
Those dead are: James Miller fthe
foreman), Ernest Marshall, Luther
Marshal], Ernest Jennings, Charles Mil
ler and Guy Fagen. All of these were
employed In the smokeless plant.
Charles Cole, a carpenter, working a
hundred yards from the building, first
reported missing, is dead. Ed Gillman,
a stonemason, on his way home from
the works, was struck by a falling rock
and was found dead.
Among the wounded are: Mike Noon,
who received a cut on the head; Dr.
Congdon, who went to attend the
wounded and was struck on the back
by a flying rock; William Burge., struck
by a piece of falling rock and horribly
cut on the face; Bert Rea, working
outside, struck by a rock on the back
of the head and knocked senseless. In
falling he struck his elbow, which was
fractured. George Sutton. wounded by
falling timber; J. W. Nelson, carpenter,
cut on forehead and right hand frac
tured.
So great Is the confusion that even
now there Is a conflict as to the num
ber and identity of the victims.
The fire spread all over the canyon,
and the falling timbers were as fire
brands, which ignited the brush in all
directions. The men were soon at
work. The powder mills village is about
a quarter of a mile down the creek from
the scene of the explosion. Here, nes
tled in a canyon, in a lovely spot, is a
village of about twenty houses and a
»-. hoolhouse. This is the place of resi
dence of many of the employes of the
works. The entire village wns in flames,
fire destroying what escaped the shock.
The escapes of the women and children
from falling timbers were miraculous.
The home rrf Mr. Johnson is in ruins,
Mrs. Johnson and the children Just es
caping from the falling roof. The
boarding-bouse was also knocked to
pieces. Mrs. Margaret Wordon. the
boarding house keeper, was struck by
a piece of flying glass while running out
of her house, and was cut severely on
the top of her head and had her left
ear nearly severed. The two lodping
houses were soon In flames, while the
residences of G. H. Dennett, J. ooney
Mr. Maners, Mr. Welch and others on
tiu- flat wc:o in ashes in a few minutes
Santa Cruz Powder Worßs, th;e Scene of an Explosion Wtycb Cost Ten Lives.
many of the workmen losing all their
clothing and personal belongings.
Fortunately the powder works do not
keep a great supply "f the product on
hand. Saturday night a special train
left for the East with eight ears of
over forty tons of brown prismatic
powder for ten-inch rifles.
Both packing-houses and all the oth
er mills have all windows broken.
Employed at the works were 170 men
working t elve-hour shiftts.
The elegant homes « t Superintendent
Bernard Psyton ai.d Wllbaln Peyton
overlooked the powder works. Every
window in these mansions and much
in the houses were destroyed by the
terrific shook.
The l.aval Reserves have just re
turned from the powder works, where
they have been i agaged in fighting
fire. They succeeded in keeping the fire
from th.- magazine, an' 1 , the lire, was
quickly brought under control.
The Coroner has brought in the
bodies <-f Luther .Marshall and Ernesi
Marshall. One was found on the side
hill, the other in the creek.
In o;t<^ .>f the mills that exploded
work had commenced only last Sunday,
the building just being oompli ted.
The excitement In Santa Cruz to
night is high and the streets have been
one mass of people gathered about to
discuss th" explosion. The men who
are employed at the works each has \
his story to tell. Telegrams by the
score are being sent by the men who !
escaped to friends telling them of their
safety.
Hundreds of cords of wood used in
th<- manufacture of charcoal Cor powder
has been burned.
Will)ur Iluntington Jr. was at -work
within 100 feet of the explosion paint
ing: a house. He was twirled off th>
ladder and when he struck the ground
th" contents of the paint bucket had
painted his face red.
The work of erection of new mills to
take the place of those destroyed will
be commenced immediately. It will not
take long. The work of making pow
der will go right on without interrup
tion. There are a large number of
mills.
An eye-winepp to the c:. >losion says
that all that c0..1d be se was a
whirling of clouds of smoke, then a tre
mendous explosion. Then could be seen
the iron roofs, timbers, pieces of ma
chinery, iron pipes in the air and next
the falling to the earth, and the flames
which devoured everything before
them. All the buildings and debris
were on fire.
Another witness said he fl is seated
on the front porch of the navy smoke
less building. MOO ; ards from the rifle
smokeless building, which was the first
to go.
The cause will never be known, as
the men employed in this mill — James
E. Miller, Carlyle itoss, Ernest Mar
shall ant! J uth'^r Marshall — will never
tell the tale. All were in the burlding
at the time of the explosion.
Th" next be lding was the shotgun
smokeless, or Handley's smokeless, as
it Is called. Handler, on hearing the
first explosion, ran from the building
where he was at work r.nd had only
gr>t a short distance from it when it
exploded. .He as miracul jsly saved
and was soon at the village to meet his
wife, who had come from town almost
frantic to find what had been his fate.
The guncotton warehouse is supposi 1
to have contained between three and
four tons of guncottonj one of the worst
explosives known. This created the
biggest flames of any of the explosions,
and when it went off the flames shot
h!~h in the air. affording a tremendous
spectacle.
The last and hardest shock of the ex
plnsion was thai of the vacuum dryer.
Here is where the shotgun smokeless
r- -<\er is dried by a new process. The
new smokeless powder building, which
was near by, and \. s under construc
tion. was destroyed as a result of the
concussion of the explosion. There was
hi-) powder in It.
The amount of powder exploded will
never be Aown, but it reached into the
thousands of pounds. The powder is
shipped to the Government as quickly
as manufactured, a fact which render
ed the disaster less appalling than it
might easily h. ye been.
The scene at Wessendorf & fitaffler's
undertaking parlors is ;i phastly one.
Here are the bodies <>f ei^ht of those
who lost their lives. <»f the eight only
two are reeognizabl >. The first one
brought in was that of Edward Gil
leran. killed by a falling brick while
on his way to his house. He was found
by his son.
Only one body of the seven who were
killed in the actual explosion !s reeoi;:
r.izable. that of Luther Marshall. lie
is the only one whos.- head is on the
trunk. All that remains of two of the
victims could be placed in a hat.
At first there was wild talk that the
explosion wns the work of a Spanish
spy, but there seems no ground lor
this belief. The works were carefully
guarded, and the men had tvorfced un
der such pressure that it is supposed
some of them got careless. At best.
the danger of accident at a powder -mil]
is always recognized, and no means of
a\<rting it has yet been devised.
The explosion was confined solely to
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
the army smokeless plant upon the east
Bide of the river. All the main powder
works, black powder works, the brown
prismatic ami navy smokeless were
saved, nor were they at any time In
any danger. Had it not been for the
fierce northern wind the explosion
would have been confined to the first
h<>use altogether. The accident hap
pened in the dry guncotton house. Fi
nancial loss is as nothing to the !"ss
of life, being from $18,000 to $20,000.
The works will be rebuilt immediately,
and there will be no delay whatever in
filling Government contracts.
Several of those killed were born and
reared in Santa Cruz, and known by all
from childhood. There are many sad
hearts in this city to-night.
A NATIONAL CALAMITY.
Leaves the Government But One
Source of Powder Supply.
It is hard for the average civilian
to realize the significance of the de
struction of the California Powder
Wcrks at this critical tinis— that it
means that Uncle Sam has left until
the works are rebuilt but one solitary
source "f powder supply for all the
heavy guns of the army and nayy —
that of the Dupont establishment in
the East.
Isn't the composition of all powders
i well known and can't almost any of
the powder factories of America buckle
to and rush out powder according to
the formula in next to no time?
Couldn't the Government sharps go to
mixing r.ltro-glycerine and things by
the ton in no time?
No they couldn't. Common black
powder would be easy to ->t or make,
fHE EXPLOSION AS IT APPEARED TO EYE-WITNESSES.
j but Uncle Sam doesn't use it to any
; extent. In all th • guns of the army
and navy, from the one-, mnders to the
13-inch guns, either "smokeless" or
"brown prismatic" powd-r is used.
Even the new Krag-Jorgensen army
rifle uses smokeless pov/der and the
black powder for the big mortars is
large-grained stuff made in a certain
1 way. There is not a powder manu
facturer in America, aside from the
California Powder Works and the Du
ponts, that hns been able to make a
pound of powder for the Gf eminent,
though the Government keenly wants
competition and would give a big pow
der contract to any firm at any time.
The makiner of both the smokeless
and the brow:, prismatic powders is a
job requiring more delicate skill and
experience than is often demanded in
[a manufacturing enterprise: . mokeless
powder is a preparation of nitro-glycer
ine and gun-cotton, the proportions dif
fering for the • rmy and navy respect
ively in accordance with the differing
theories of th>' ordnance experts of the
two departments and formulae count
for little.-. :' ,'•,;.
"TVs well might one take one of Marlon
Harland's recipes and expect to beat an
experienced old wench at making
bread, or read a book and try to com- ;
pete with an old cellar-master at mak- !
ing and aging wine. The powder must I
stand just so many degrees of heat with
safety. It must act during the course ■
of a few thousandths of a second with
a steady and regular increase of power |
that knows no fitful energy. Every !
, ounce of the big charge must be burned
during the few thousandths of a sec
ond which the shell t.-Ves in reaching
the muzzle, and it must not all be ex
ploded while the projectile is two or
three feet from the muzzle. It must
develop just so much energy at the
muzzle and it must do and be a lot of
other things to a nicety.
These thing's cokic with delicate and
certain manipulations like the making
of rare vine. A degree of heat a sec
ond of time, a pound of pressure and
so on at various stages of manipulation
have their sure effect. All this applies
as well to the ' rown prismatic or "slow
burning" powder.
This is wholly different from the
smokeless powders, and in composition
is practically the same as black pow
der except that the charcoal is not
charred so much, the brown color being
due to the fact that the change from
wood to charcoal was arrested earlier.
Yet the preparation of this half-char
coal is a delicate operation in which an
instant of time or a degree of heat has
an effect, and when after various man
ipulations the whole composition
reaches a big and costly hydraulic
press, the 250 or so automatic move
ments which the press makes per min
ute are affected by a slight change of
hydraulic pressure with a consequent
result on the quality of the powder.
Not so very long ago an employe of
the Dv Ponts thought he had mastered
the secrets of powder-making, and he
induced a wealthy milk-dealer of Phil
adelphia to back him in making powder
for the Government. They got a con
tract easily enough, and made some
powder. When it was tested by the
Government sharps at Indian Head it
was found that about half way between
the breech and the muzzle there was an
undue expansion, which tended to swell
the gun at that point. The problem
was too much for the expert, and no
powder was sold to the Government.
Any one can get the formula for
Government^ powders, and anybody al
most can get a powder contract with
Uncle Sam. Almost anybody can mix
a mess of stuff according to recipe,
that will go off in a gun, but the fact
remains that but two firms in America
have been able to make powder fit for
Uncle Sam to use on an enemy, al
though the prices are tempting— 3s
cents a pound for brown powder and S3
cents for Bmokejesa in million-pound
lots. An expensive plant and long ex
perience are among the things required.
WILL SOON RESUME WORK.
Plant May Be in Operation at the
End of a Week.
PORTLAND, Or., April 26.— Captain
John Rer: ingham, president of the
California Powder Works, who is now
in Portland, received the first news of
the accident at 7:35 o'clock this even
ing, as he was leaving the dining
room. His information was meager,
being nothing beyond the fact that the
army s.nokeless powdt magazine hnd
been blown up and ten lives lost. Cap
tain Bermingham said:
"We have a contract to supply the
Government with 3.000.000 pounds of
smokeli'ss powder, and in order to
hasten its manufacture the working
force was largely Increased. The pow
der was being turned over to the Gov
ernment's agents as rapidly as made,
but I cannot say how much has been
delivered, although a large amount had
been shipped. Work will be resumed
as speedil as po:- Ible. We have been
erecting new mach.iery, and -a soon
as the wreck is cleared away we will
start up again. Of course I cannot say
how soon, but I think in about a week,
for under the present circumstances it
is highly Important that we should
keep right on with the manufacture.
It may be even necessary for us to in
crease our present capacity."
GOVERNMENT'S LOSS.
Filling of a Monster Contract for
Powder Delayed.
The secretary of the Calift nia Pow
der Works?. J. B. Nesmlth. was seen
last evening, but knew very little about
the expldsion.
"We have had very meager reports
of the accident here," he said, "but
what we have heard leads me to be
lieve that <>n!y one of the plants was
blown up.. That was the mill in which
was manufactured the army smokeless
powder, and was. of course, the one
most needed just now. We have a
large order to supply the Government
with the army smokeless and the brown
prismatic powder. The plant in which
the latter is manufactured was not in
jured, if the report 1 have received
is true.
"I can Slve no figures as to the
amount of powder ordered by the Gov
ernment, as that is a state secr"et; but
to fill it will require running the plants
at full force for many months to come.
When the blowing up of the Maine was
reported to the authorities and war
threatened in the middle of February
we first received the Government order
and immediately began to fill it. We
put on an extra force of men and iust
about doubled the capacity of the
work 3. A great deal of powder haa
already been turned out and trans
ferred to the Government, but a large
amount is still to be manufactured. We
are at the present time making exten
sive additions to the plant and thesu
are about completed. When the new
mills are in working order we will be
able to turn out about four times as
much powder as we did before the
Government order was given to us.
"As soon as we heard of the explosion
William C. Peyton, the assistant super
intendent of the works, took a sDecial
train to Santa Cruz to personally in
vestigate the accident. As nearly as
we can tell the explosion took place
about 5:30.
"Of course the accident will hamper
the works to a great extent, but if it
is no worse than has been reported to
us there will be but little time lost, j
With the Government contract on our \
hands it is of course absolutely neces
sary for us to rebuild immediately and
the work will be pushed forward as
rapidly as possible.
"As to the cause of the explosion,
that would be merely a matter of con
jecture and probably never will be'
known for certain. In accidents of this i
kind where men are killed it is gen- j
erally those who did not survive who
know the most about it. When we be- I
gan the work for the Government twc:i
ty-flve deputy United States Marshals !
were detailed to guard the plant aud j
they have been on duty constantly
since the latter part of February to j
prevent any attempt to blow up the
works."
The president of the company. John
Bermingham, is in Seattle at present
and was promptly notified of the acci
dent. Several of the gentlemen em
ployed in the offices of the works were
interviewed and their statements were
similar to those of the secretary. None
of them had any theory to offer as to
the cause of the explosion, and all
seemed to think that the accident would
only delay the work of supplying the
Government with powder for a short
time.
BELIEF FOR MCHMOND.
The members of the Point Lobos Im
provement Club were in somewhat of a I
happy frame of mind last night in conse
quence of progressive reports received
from all of the standing committees ex- i
cept that on transfers. This committee I
reported that Mr. Vining had refused to j
grant transfers from the Geary-street '
road to the Third. This Is considered aj
great injustice to the residents on the line j
of Geary street, inasmuch as they alone j
are compelled to pay two fares to get to i
the San Jose depot or to the Mail Dock, '
while the residents of other portions of
the city are accorded transfer privileges, j
President Fletcher reported that the
Street Superintendent had promised to I
have the sewers flushed. A movement is
on foot with hopes of success to have a j
sewer run through A street from Fifth >
avenue to Eighth, which will drain Park
schoolhouse, in which there are sixty-five
children. This is the street immediately
west of the French Hospital, on which ,
there is no sewer.
Chairman Felix McHugh reported that
the Park Commissioners had promised to
make the necessary opening into the park
at First avenue during the coming sum
mer.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO.. Murphy Bldg.,
Mkt. & Jones, sell "STANDARD" shirts'
Parliament of Women.
REDIjANDS, April 26.— The Women's
Parliament of Southern California con
vened in fifteenth annual session this
morning. About 200 wore present. Stir
ring papers were read by visitor? from all
over the United States. The session will
close on Wednesday afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Little Fellows,
We've a sailor suit for the little fellow.
Bring him in; we will delight him, give
him a chance to play sailor, make him
patriotic. You'll surely be pleased.
■- ' ~
Sailor Suits, in light blue, . ' {y*-^\ - '
with large square collar and . C^f
shield, trimmed with black ti^-
braid and soutache; French
Sailor Suits, in handsome jr. • 4^7*^%) "" v
light blue, with green collar || . '-. Jj^-r-^^V
and shield; very latest of this ,P^^^B^|lli _^*
season's novelties; collar Ic>£_^fejf \ f\J r
trimmed with .; inlaid red lyll- | \\\t
cloth; same finished with \j}^~^~ lIW
black silk soutache. ~^|r^ "
P Boys' Middy Suits of styl-
(^^) .,'.'; ish light blue material, with
green vest and collar, artis-
wi^r^ 1 " tically trimmed with braid
-$wPL 1 & auc^ s ° utac * ie -
v m-JLJr V' All the above have knee
Mi J^ . pants, with buckle and bow
" si;;^ ;^ yfy j&r at the knee. Make exceed-
-^^•iijjjj^ ingly stylish and dressy gar-
■j^^M-^^^-L-^ ments for little fellows from
""""" 3 to 8 years.
$3.50.
Our boys' department, which has just
been opened, contains bright, fresh
goods, just from our factory— been on
the shelves but a week and a half.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St.
STATE BOARD
OF EDUCATION
A Committee Named to
Take Up the School-
Book Question.
Friends and Foes of the Present
Series Lobk Horns in
Debate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO.; April 26.— The pro
ceedings of the City and County School
Superintendents were disturbed by a
slight riffle this morning, and t came
as a relief to the lagging spirit and
monotony of the convention. It was on
the question of changing the annual
meeting of the County Board f Edu
cation to semi-annual meetings. Lin
sco-tt of Santa Cruz, in the course of
his remarks, said:
"The younger members of this con
vention will live to see the day when
the county examining boards will be
abolished entirely. We are not ripe
for it now, and we older ones i.. >v not
live to see it, but the time is not far
distant when our teachers will be taken
entirely from the great universities and
normal schools. Let us not stand .n the
way, I pray you, of this advance and
improvement. It is bound to come."
Harrell of Kern arose and said:
"While the gentleman from Santa
Cruz is praying to this convention not
to stand in the way of abolishing the
county boards, I trust he will include
in his invocation t'-ie request that our
normal schools may turn out teachers
who are competent to take charge of
our schools."
Following this little episode came the
school book question, and it arose in a
most unexpected manner. The conven
tion was passing on the section which
provides that no change of text-books
must be made at any other time than
"in the months of April, May or June
of the year in which the change is to be
made." A r ->tion was made striking
out the month of April, and upon a di
vision it carrio
I.iinscott of Santa Cruz, who has so
far been the " torm center" of the con
vention, created mother commotion by
declaring that the amendment directly
affected the State series.
Mr. Nielsen of Santa Itosa advised
the convention not to be led by the ex
citement of the hour, and offered a
resolution that a committee of five be
appointed by the chair to express the
opinion of this convention relating to
the proper place and use of the State
text books in the public schools of Cali
fornia.
When the question was finally put,
the motion to appoint the committee
prevailed by a vote of 29 to 24. Presi
dent Black then appointed the follow
ing- committee: Neilsen, Erleulne, Lin
scott. Bailey, Chymonds.
While the vote to send the master to
a committee was a temporary victory
to the enemies of the Ltate series, it is
believed that when the report is made
the convention will sustain the pres
ent law
There are 3000 persons in Great Britain
who pay tax on an income of more than
£10.000 a year.
56
WEDNESDAY APRIL 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W^S. LEAKE, Manager^
'PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
(EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On« y«ar. by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RiS£« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. -
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock - 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh i
6treet, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'rlocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
FaMwln-"The Purser "
Columbia— "The Nancy Hanks "
California— " Trilby."
Alc.nzar— "The Gay Parisians '
MoroßcoV— "The Wick low Postman."
llvoll-"Sin!iad the Sailor."
Orpheam— Vaudeville.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Paloma Sehramm. to-nl^ht,
Ihe Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville, and "African Lion Hunt "
Olympia— Corner Mason ami Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimmhip.
El Campo— Music, dancing boattti?. fishing, every Sunday,
Pacific Coast Jockey Cluo, Ingleside— Races to-day.
Excursion to Santa Cruz Mountains. Saturday. April 30.
AUCTION SALES.
By K. E. Clark-This day, April 27, Turkish Rugs, at 106
Grant avenue at J o'clock.
By Yon Kheln <fc Co— Thursday, April 28, Real Estate, at 636
Markt-t Mn-.', at r,' i-Vkick.
THE EXAMINER h|AS WELShjED.*
THE Examiner has welshed. It is a regrettable
circumstance that it should have done this, and
that there is no more pleasing term to describe
the operation. When the Maine was sent to the bot
tom the Examiner offered a reward of $50,000 for
discovery of the miscreant in the case. That is to say,
the New York Journal offered this sum. It made the
offer in token of patriotism, and as .an indication that
the scoop it had suffered on the occasion in question
had stirred it to. its depths. On this coast the Ex
aminer got full credit fur the prodigality.
Of course nobody took the matter with the se
riousness that the Examiner itself did. The public,
not being an aggregate idiot, recognized the bluff
and discerned the string by which this goodly pile of
gold was attached to the Ilearstling sheets which
had made the pretense of offering it. As time went by
the fact became apparent that the precise author of
the crime would not be discovered. But now that our
Uncle Sam has taken a hand, and seems likely to as
certain the facts and handcuff the* culprit, the $50,000
is withdrawn. It is a clear instance of welshing.
Uncle could find use for $50,000.
But the sleuth bent upon uncovering a great crime
and at the same time winning as large and imposing a
pile as that the Examiner has just snatched away has
no reason to be discouraged. Immediately after the
$50,000 spasm of the Examiner The Call declared hs
readiness to pay $50,000 to the discoverer of the vil
lain who hit Billy Patterson. This offer still stands.
There is no doubt that Billy was struck; it is equally
certain that a villain did it. When The Call proclaims
a reward there is no inclinatio - to pull it out of the
reach of the eager detective just as it seems within his
grasp. Let the scoundrelly assailant of Billy Patter
con be dragged forth, identified, and the money awaits
as truly as the Examiner $50,000 awaited until the
6Otry moment when Hearst took what is technically
known as a tumble and got tired of being considered
*hat is denominated, also technically, a guy.
•To wolsh-To cheat or practice cheating by • • • running
Off without settling.— Dictionary.
THE PLUNDER OFTHE SCHOOL FUNDS.
WHILE the evidence collected by the Grand
Jury of the plunder of the school funds may
not yet amount to sufficient legal proof to con
vict any particular person of the crimes, it certainly
•hows that the School Directors have been guilty of
criminal negligence to an extreme degree. It is
hardly possible that such barefaced frauds as those
disclosed could have been carried on for so long a
time without the knowledge and connivance of at least
some of the members of the board.
Almost every step taken in the investigation so far
has resulted in the discovery of new frauds. As the
examination goes on the amount of money of which
it is known the city has been defrauded increases.
It has already run far up into the thousands, and when
the investigation has been completed the extent of the
plunder will probably be as startling as the boldness
with which it was devised and carried out.
Under the circumstances there is but one thing for
the Grand Jury to do. It must pursue the investiga
tion to the end, so as to determine not only how much
money has been stolen, but who are the guilty par
ties. A scandal of this kind will be a very grave scan
dal indeed if it does not result in the exposure of the
criminals, their conviction and their sentence to long
terms in the penitentiary.
Occupied as the people are with the war, they are
not so much absorbed by it as to be neglectful or in
different to this crime against the municipality. Even
the most careless citizens are aroused to indignation
at the waste and plunder of the funds provided for the
education of the children of the city. There is but one
sentiment on the subject, and that is a desire for the
prompt prosecution of the offenders.
The frauds have been gross. Thousands of feet of
lumber have been paid for that were never delivered
to the city. First-class lumber and fancy shingles
have been called for by the specifications of contracts,
and third grade lumber and Common shingles have
been accepted and paid for at the prices agreed upon
for the better grades. Surely it is not too much to
suppose that some of the Directors must have known
of such frauds as these.
It behooves all Directors who may be innocent of
connivance in the frauds to assist in convicting the
guilty parties, for unless the real criminals are made
known the whole board will be under suspicion. The
moral of the situation is plain; the only way to acquit
the innocent is to convict the guilty.
There is something strange in the way Captain
Robinson eloped from his position on the police
force, and it will be stranger still if his right to name
a successor shall be recognized.
PROVIDING FOR THE WAR DEBT.
THE preliminary measures proposed in the bill
of the Ways and Means Committee to provide
a sufficient war credit are of necessity based on
existing law. That law authorizes the issue of bonds
payable in "coin." Under the existing provisions of
the Sherman act of 1890 the GoTernment is pledged
j to maintain gold and silver at a parity, an equality, at
the established ratio of 16 to 1. That obligation of the
treasury of necessity makes a "coin" bond a gold
I bond, and these securities will be disposed of with that
j understanding and protected by that statutory pledge.
If in future emergencies, to protect the treasury
j against the drain of gold by redemption of green
backs, the Government find it necessary to suspend
specie payments, there will arise the practical ques
tion of a further definition of the contract between the
Government and its creditors. Then the whole ques
tion of our financial policy will be in focus.
When that time comes it is already evident that the
fiatists intend to force a resort to a legal tender paper
issue. When such issue is made no eye can foresee
its volume, but experience teaches reliably its effect.
The country will be where it was at the cl se of the
Civil War, with a large unfunded debt represented by
depreciated paper. This mass will be added to by the
whole existing issue of silver dollars, fallen to their in
trinsic value, which will not much exceed 50 cents on the
dollar, and the whole problem of resumption and re
demption will have to be gone over again, as it was in
1868. As an alternative it would be better financiering
to rely on a non-legal tender certificate, if it were not
for the existence of $340,000,000 of the old greenbacks,
which might prevent circulation of the new certifi
cates. The true way, however, will be in the securing
of gold for bonds by making them definitely payable
in gold. With gold in hand the cost of the war will be
as much less as the amount represented by the dis
count of any form of unfunded paper, or that of bonds
payable in "coin." that carry the risk of redemption
in depreciated silver.
It should be easy to see that if the Government is
pushed to the necessity of paying out depreciated
paper or selling bonds at a discount it has to pay
more for every pound of powder, every equipment
and ration that it must use in the wasteful game of
war. This added cost falls finally upon the taxpayers.
There is no room for doubt that this same method
pursued in the Civil War made its cost just twice what
it should have been, and for thirty years the people
have been patiently parting with their resources to pay
the bill. In that time they have been paying two dol
lars when they should have paid only one, and it
seems marvelous that in the light of such an expe
rience the fiatists should be able to secure any meas
ure of popular approval for a repetition of the costly
experiment.
As The Call said months ago, the real supporters
of the credit and honor of the country will be separ
ated from the pseudo-patriots when war financiering
becomes a burning issue.
Senator Allen of Nebraska has already flung the
fiat challenge at the administration in his resolution
declaring that financial provision for the war shall be
in accordance with the Populist platform of 1896.
That platform demands that obligations of the Gov
ernment be paid in any kind of lawful money which
the Government chooses to use. Of course this means
payment in the least valuable and most depreciated
form of such "lawful money." and is a policy «vhi
would do the country more damage than the Span
iard, are likely to inflict.
MENRI ROChJEFORT'S ESTIMATE.
SO many foolish things said or written by Henri
Rochefort have been quoted and repeated over
and over again that when by any chance he
utters something framed on lines of good sense and
infused with the glow of truth it is only fair that
it also should be quoted and circulated in order that
the world may know he has occasional lucid inter
vals in which he appears as a man of fair merit and
considerable judgment.
He has just given utterance to one of these lucid
statements, and the fact is the more remarkable be
cause it comes at a time when most French journal
ists seem to have lost their wits altogether and gone
crazy on the issue to which it refers. Answering the
common belief in Europe that the American people
are but a mob of undisciplined jingoes incapable of
raising an army fitted to confront the trained soldiers
of any European nation, Rochefort has recently said
in L'lntransigeant:
"In America no one is a soldier, which means that
in case of a conflict every one is. Spain, very for
midable in her sierras, as she proved in 1808, cannot
seriously hope to conquer or even to seriously incon
venience a race full of initiative and audacity, one of
whose most magnificent characteristics is contempt
of life. No European power which managed to set
root on American soil would come out of it alive.
Horror and, let us recognize it, contempt of foreign
ers have given the citizens of the great republic such
confidence and inspired them with such firm resolu
tions that the fear of defeat or invasion does not even
touch them. Spaniards are very patriotic and very
brave; nothingcan bemordtrue; but their courage will
hurl itself in vain against the terrific enthusiasm which
the arrival of their first ships in American waters will
arouse in their adversaries."
It is not often that so accurate an estimate of Amer
ican characteristics as this appears from a European
writer. Under even the most favorable circumstances
it would hardly find much acceptance amonc those
who have long indulged the belief that a free people
cannot fight, that volunteer armies are worthless, and
under present conditions it will hardly find favor at
all. It will not be very long, however, before the
eyes of the foreign critics will be opened, and then
Rochefort will have the satisfaction of reminding the
jeering journalists of Paris, "I told you so."
Both ex-President Cleveland and ex-President
Harrison have won good opinion by the simple pro
cess of being silent upon every occasion when yellow
journalism had the impertinence to ask them to talk
on Spanish affairs. They are merely passengers now,
but, having had a turn at the wheel, understand that
the man in charge is apt to know the points of the
compass.
Spanish schemes for blowing up the American ships
at Cuba are grossly interfered with by the repugnance
of the men on board to being treated in this way. In
fact the ships are there largely to show the Dons that
being blown up is regarded as an unpleasant expe
rience, and an evidence of unneighborly spirit.
Blanco is desperate, but he has not reached the
stage at which he deems it advisable to execute an
English sea captain. When he shall get to that point
Spain will be treated to the violent experience of two
lickings in rapid succession.
There would be a fine bit of justice in the spectacle
of General Lee riding Blanco's horse through the
streets of Havana.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
THE OUTBREAK OF HOSTILITIES.
IN declaring war against Spain Congress fixed the
date of the outbreak of hostilities at April 21, and
the language was to the effect that war already ex
isted at the time the declaration was made. It was in
terms a recognition of a state of war rather than a
proclamation of the beginning of one.
This feature of the declaration met with some objec
tion in both houses, and may probably be the cause of
considerable discussion hereafter. It is of importance,
because on it will turn the right of the United
States to condemn as prizes the Spanish ships cap
tured between, April 21 and the time when the declara
tion of war was issued by the President. In fact it has
been already asserted that the marine courts of the
United States will hold that the prizes have been un
lawfully taken, and therefore will liberate the cap
tured ships.
The point was raised in the Senate by Senator Pet
j tigrew, who made some opposition to the resolution
on the ground that the date had been fixed for the
purpose of legalizing the capture of the ships now
claimed as prizes. The answer made by Senator
I Davis, chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee,
I was that the date had not been determined by any
j consideration of the kind stated by the Senator from
South Dakota, but by the action of the Spanish Gov
ernment in dismissing the United States Embassador.
While Senator Pettigrew and some others may be
I sanguine that our courts will hold that the war did not
-begin on the date declared, it is not easy to see on
J what grounds they base their conclusion. The view
i that the dismissal of our representative at Madrid was
J an act of war is not taken by the United States alone.
; The British Government took the same view at the
j moment the act of Spain was made known, and or
; dcrs were at once given to officials throughout the
empire to treat American and Spanish warships in
their ports as the laws of neutrality require in time of
actual hostilities.
As British sympathies are known to be on our side
in the contest, it is possible their judgment on the act
of Spain may have been influenced somewhat by a
desire to give us every advantage they could. Xever
theless, the action of Great Britain remains a pre
cedent which will have its weight with the nations.
Spain committed the act which in the judgment of in
ternational law constituted the beginning of hostili
ties, and Congress could not have done otherwise
than recognize that fact and date the outbreak of war
at the time fixed.
BALMACEDA AND THE CHARTER.
AN intelligent correspondent, whose communica
tion is too long for publication, says there is a
strong probability that the proposed new char
ter would yield us the kind of government which pre
vailed in Chile under the lamented Balmaceda. In that
country, he informs us, the chief political boss always
manages the Peruvian guano deposits. Balmaceda's
system consisted in appointing his principal political
friend to this place and using the revenue of the de
posits to promote his own fortunes. In this way he
held the Presidency for some time. Just as he was
about to retire, promote his friend to the Presidency
and assume the management of the guano beds him
self, the people got up the revolution which resulted
in his death. Our correspondent regards this revolu
tion as justifiable. In no other way, he avers, could
the people have shaken Balmaceda off.
We think, however, that in drawing a parallel be
tween the Mayor and the chairman of the Board of
Public Works of the proposed charter and Balmaceda
and the manager of the Peruvian guano deposits our
correspondent is practicing a somewhat wild air. Un
i doubtedly the chairman of the Board of Public Works
; under the charter will, next to the Mayor himself, be
the most powerful official we have ever seen. He will
hold in the hollow of his hand the street contractors.
paving corporations, street car companies and all per
sons who ask municipal privileges connected with the
public thoroughfares. He will annually expend di
| rectly from a half to three-quarters of a million on
j street and sewer improvements, and indirectly several
millions on behalf of property-owners liable for the
cost of improving unaccepted streets. The Board of
Public Works, as our correspondent truly says, "con
sists of three members, two of whom will be ap
pointed by every Mayor.
But while all this is in accordance with the facts,
we are constrained to say that in our opinion no such
result would follow here as in Chile. Our correspon
dent should remember that we are more civilized
than the Chileans, and that for this reason it is quite
probable that we would submit for a long time
to an • xchange of places between the Mayor and the
chairman of the Board of Public Works. In any
event it is doubtful whether even if an endless ribbon
such as Balmaceda inaugurated were established here
our people would ever meet it with violence.
Our correspondent should remember that the char
ter makers made one great concession to the people.
While they conferred upon the Mayor power to ap
point and remove everybody, including elected offi
cials, they also required him to be elected himself
every two years. True, as our correspondent says,
it might be difficult to dislodge a Mayor who con
trolled the "saloon vote." the street car lines, the
School Department, the Fire Department and the
police, and who also, through the Election Commis
sion, canvassed the vote; but it should not be for
gotten that the charter confers upon the people .the
privilege of making such a trial. It is barely possible
that the Mayor and the chairman of the Board of Pub
lic Works might some day becaughtoff their guard or
out of town. Then the people could raid and rout
them. We are free to confess, however, that' the
theory of our correspondent that a revolution would
be the speediest remedy has its strong points.
Oakland's School Board seems to be composed of
different material from that ordinarily chosen on this
side. The body now has on hand $15,000, for which
there is no immediate demand. If by any miracle
such a sum had been in the treasury of ou- own
Board of Education there are few members who
would not have found at least one excuse for expend
ing it and had it out of the way so quickly that the
Grand Jury would have had no time to interfere.
In a general way the downfall of Widber is an ar
gument against the endless performance given on the
local race track. More specifically it adds to an al
ready partly accepted theory that the betrayal of
trust is neither wise nor profitable.
A gentleman bent on raising a regiment in Wall
street worked hard for several days and secured four
volunteers. His object was to demonstrate the brand
of patriotism rampant there and he succeeded.
Spain's bonds have taken another drop. The tum
ble of the sort of bonds she has fastened on Cuba
may have been noticed also.
Polo y Bernabe got out of the country unscathed.
There was no disposition to make a national frame of
Polo.
MILITARY SECRETS.
TOURING the discussion in the British
j I Parliament last year of the naval
II estimates the First Lord of the Ad
miralty made a statement substan
tially as follows: "The several powers j
are cognizant of the details of naval and
land defenses of each country, and the |
only military secrets which we may be i
reasonably sure of being our own are con- j
templated strategic movements planned."
The only two countries in which mili
tary secrets are well guarded are Russia
and Germany, and published details about :
the materiel of the army and navy are ;
too general in their character to be of any i
value to outsiders. Great Britain and the
United States have until quite recently j
taken the public into their confidence, j
and it has not been difficult for foreign
military and naval attaches to observe j
and report upon the minutest details of
ships, guns, fortifications and other parts I
of the two services. The present Bureau
of Naval Intelligence in our Navy De
partment dates back to about 1883, prior j
to which the Bureau of Steam Engineer
ing had, in a desultory way, collected |
data about foreign ships. In Europe, the
Austrian Navy Department began as
early as 1865 to issue a publication giving j
news of foreign navies, maintaining for I
this purpose a staff of officers. It was |
not until about eight years ago that the
British Admiralty recognized the import- j
axice of such an adjunct to the naval ad
ministration, and at the present time
every country of any military importance I
nas bureaus of intelligence. Naval and I
military attaches are now a part of each
•^? ation ' in ac *dition to which officers on |
ships or traveling keep their eyes and
ears open and make reports to their re
spective bureaus. The Intelligence Bureau
or the navy, besides full information j
actly what each country possesses in j
S f S h guns> torpedoes and other details j
i l v. na _ vv > besides full information
auout harbor defenses. AVhere vessels I
a '* e . built by contract, no secrecy about i
their construction can be observed, and j
the same applies to guns and other war i
material. Ihere are complete plans and
data on file in Washington of every naval !
vessel built abroad of any consequence, •
and the construction of British and
1' rench guns, their effectiveness or short- j
comings, are as well known in Washing- j
ion as in the countries mentioned.
On the other hand, our naval and mili- i
k!« de P artr nents have given the widest
publicity, through official reports, of their I
doings; the navy-yards, ships, arsenals
Kun foundries and military posts, with I
kii fortlncati °i'S. have been open to the j
public, and if Spain or any other country
is not familiar with all that pertains to
our defenses it is not for the want of op
portunity of unchecked observation. In
time of pending hostilities this privilege
Is very properly restricted, solely because
of the damage that may be done by evil
disposed or thoughtless persons, and no
because secrets are to be guarded. This
mutual exchange erf professional news Is
now recognized as quite legitimate, and is
carried on openly and above board. It is
rarely that there is any friction caused
the only incident of that kind being in
ISSb, when Secretary "Whitney advertised
lor competitive plans for some of the pro
posed ships, and Commander Chadwick,
at that time naval attache to the lega- j
tion in London, came very near involving
the two Navy Departments in trouble.
Several officials in the British dockyards
were either dismissed or severely repri
manded for their connection with the
\\ hitney ship design advertisement.
In Great Britain the ships, forts, arsen
als and gun foundries are not open to the
public to the same extent as here, and :
certain restrictions are Imposed. In)
1 ranee, Germany and Russia the utmost
efforts are made to exclude visitors from
and arsenals, yet the almighty dol
lax causes the revelation of the most pro
found secrets, and while they do not be
come public property, yet they are stowei
away in the archives of army and nava
information. In Germany, the great works
of Krupp at Essen are accessible to the
public, subject, however, to a close watch
being kept on the visitor; but no outsider
is admitted to the gun tests at Wreppen
and the results which reach the public
are BUcn only as are given out by the
Krupp concern. The despotism, militar
ism and general espionage system of Ger
nn.ii.v enables it to preserve its military
- better than any other Govern
ment, and the following 1 authentic inci
dent shows how well the Kaiser has his
BUbjei ts in hand: In July, IMP 7. the Em
peror Invited the military attaches to
breakfast, and after the repast told them
it was needless keeping it a secret any
longer that the German army had had its
artillery changed without anything being
known of it outside of official circles. No
I<>BS than five army corps had been armed
with a new quick-firing Krupp gun, capa
ble of throwing ten tn twelve shells a
minute. The French attache at once took
train for Paris and found his Government
not entirely unprepared, and orders w«r.e
at once placed with a number of factories
fur kuiis of improved model. The doings
of the French Government did not leak
out until Fast February, and the secret
Was kept nearly as well as in Germany.
Mr. Goshen'B statement in Parliament :
may be accepted as being the common- |
sense view of military secrets. The pub
lic knows as much about ships and guns '
in a general way as the majority of army I
and navy officials, but the actual ef- I
flciency is known only to a select few so |
far as relates to foreign services, -while I
in this country the merits and faufts have
been thoroughly discussed in public print I
and we have no secrets to keep from for
eigners..
CUBA'S NEW SILVER DOLLAR.
Cuba may not have a stable Govern
ment, but she has some sort of a body
which is exorcising one of the preroga
tives of sovereign States, that of coining
money, and silver dollars of her first
mintage have just been received in this
country, says the Chicago Inter Ocean.
The coin is a handsome one, contains
about 40 cents' worth of pure silver, and
the Cuban republic guarantees to re
deem it in gold after the establishment
of the island's Independence.
Emulating the example of this coun
try in issuing souvenir coins to be sold
at a premium for the benefit of the
World's Fair, these coins are also issued
a.s souvenirs to be sold for the benefit of
the Cuban hospital service, the profits
realized being used to purchase medi
cines, bandages and hospital supplies in
general.
The piece has on the obverse side the
head of a beautiful young Cuban woman
now residing in New York, typical of
Cuba Libre, and the words "Patria y
Libertad, 1897; Souvenir" ("Fatherland
and Liberty, 1597; Souvenir"). The re
verse shows the Cuban coat of arms, a
shield with a wreath composed of live
tobacco leaves and quartered with a sun
burst behind a sea with a key resting
upon it, typical of Cuba as the key to the
Western world, a palmetto tree, and
stripes from the national flag, typical of
the island of Cuba itself. The shield is
surmounted by a liberty cap on a pole
and the legend is "Republica de Cuba."
The coin is also stamped "900 tine."
CONGRESS IN TIME OF WAR.
■\YaFhinffton Post.
There has been considerable discussion
of the length of the session of Congress In
the event of war, It being the prevailing
idea that & declaration of war would ia
volve the prolongation of the sessions of
Congress. The sessions of Congress, be
ginning with the war of 1861-65, are given
below, with the sessions following, show
ing that in war times Congress did not
consume as much time as is usual in
times of peace:
Thirty-seventh Congress— lß6l-63, three
I sessions, 366 days.
Thirty-eighth Congress— lS63-65, two ses-
I sions, 299 days.
Thirty-ninth Congress— lß6s-67, three ses
sions, 329 days.
Fortieth Congress— lß67-69, three ses-
Bions, 382. days.
Forty-first Congress— lS67-71, three ses
sions, 341 days. ;
Forty-second Congress— lß7l-<3, three
sessions, 223 days.
Forty-third Congress— lß73-75, two ses- |
sions, 291 days. _
Forty-fourth Congress— lß7s-77, two ses
sions, 344 days.
Forty-fifth Congress— lß77-79, three scs
i sions. 342 days.
Forty-sixth Congress— lß79-Sl, three ses
sions. *393 days.
Forty-seventh Congress— lSSl-83, two ses
sions, 337 days.
Forty-eighth Congress— lßß3-80, two ses- ;
sions, 311 days.
Forty-ninth Congress— lßßs-87, two ses-
Bions, 330 days.
Fiftieth Congress— lßß7-89, two sessions,
Fifty-first Congress— lßß9-91, two ses
sions. 397 days. __
Fifty-second Congress-IS9I-93, two ses
sions, 340 days.
Fifty-third Congress— lS93-90, three ses
sions, 347 days. . „_. ,
Fifty-fourth Congress-189D-97, two ses
sions, 280 days.
SPIRIT OF '98
ATKINS TO HIS A/Y\fc.KiM4N
COUSINS.
(After Kipling).
When through the swamps of Cuba you are
chasm picaroons,
'Untln' 'round an' sweatin' In the sun.
You must run 'em down with infantry, ar
tillery, dragoons.
Till they wish they'd never started in the
fun.
For your soldier 'as 'is' rifle, an' Ms rifle it
Is nev:,
(Americans, listen to my song);
Since the shootin' of the Spaniard Is the
proper thing to, do,
Now you needn't keep 'lm waitin' very long.
When along the shores of Cuba you are
'avln' bloomln' tights,
A-scrappin' with their cruisers an' their
ships.
You mustn't stop for Sundays nor you
mustn't stop for night
Until you've knocked their navy into chips.
For your navy 'as the vessels, an' the vessels
they are new
(Americans, listen to my song);
But the slnkin' of Spain's navy is the proper
thing to do.
An" you needn't keep it waitln' very long.
If the widow 'adn't need for us we'd like to
'elp you out
A-chasin' of them Spanish picaroons:
Not that we think you need us— but we'd like
to fight and shout,
'Cause we're tired settin' on our pantaloons.
But yyu soldier 'as 'Is rifle an' you sailor 'as
're boats
(Americans, listen to my son el ;
You must fight a war with soldiers — not with
men whor e 'untln' votes,
An' you mustn't keep 'em waitin' very long.
— A. C. Beebe in Chicago Record.
NO TIME FOR TfILK.
Ain't no time fur tnlkln' now.
Loyal action yanks the bun.
This ain't no linguistic row —
Spike yer mouth an' grab a gun.
Brag ain't nothin' In a fieht,
Bluff won't win no battles, son,
Barkln' dogs don't never bite —
Spike yer mouth an' grab a gun.
Been a sayin' you would go,
Many a war-like yarn you've spun.
Now* 8 yer time to make a show —
Spike yer mouth an' grab a gun.
No more talkin' through yer hat;
If there's talkin' to be di>ne
Congressmen are paiil fur that —
Spike yer mouth an' grab a gun.
See Ol' Glory In the air.
Smilln' at the Freedom sun'
Do yer part to keep her there —
Spike yer mouth an' grab a run.
Stop a rhawln" at the rag.
Time fur sotnethin' to be done,
Action holds the edge on brag—
Spike yer mouth an' grab a gun.
—Denver Post.
A SPANISH MOTTO.
A little Kinp. with manners nice,
Bore as he trudged through Spanish Ice
A banner with this strange device,
"I. 0.-U."
Quoth ho: "No matter where I look,
I Raze on that. It won't be shook,
The first line in my copybook
Wan 'I. O. U. "
Oh. how can life have any charms
When, In the midst of war's alarms.
The motto on one's coat-of-arms
Is "I. O.- U"?
—Washington Star.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FITZHUGH LEE— G. M. 1... Alameda.
Cal. General Fitzhugh Lee, recently Con
sul-General at Cuba, ts a nephew of the
late General Robert E. Lee.
PHOEBE DAVIES— Mrs. L., City. The
height of Phoebe Davles, the actress, Is
about 5 feet 7 inches. She has played the
entire line of characters from soubrette
to society lady parts.
ON AN UPPER FLOOR— F. E. C,
Redding, Cal. The law of this State does
not prohibit the locating of an election
booth In the upper floor of a building. It
simply provides that the officials shall
designate where the polls shall be held,
and the only prohibition is that the polls
shall not be located in a place where
liquors are sold.
COINS AND TOKENS— D. C, City.
There is no demand for such coins and
tokens as are named in your communi
cation. The prices demanded by dealers
for such are: For a Hard of France. 1656
Louis XIV, from 15 to 30 cents; y. skill
ing. 1799, from 13 to 20 cents; token of
Jacob Lindenflller, New York, 1K63 10. !
for 25 cents. Token known as Webster's I
credit currency sells for from 40 eenta to '
$1. That is the token having on the re- !
verse "Van Buren Metallic currency I
POSSIBLE,. BIT NOT PROBABLE-
F. W., City. If. in speaking of an elec
tion about to take place, one of the par
ties to the conversation should say, "You
had better vote for John Smith, as your
one vote may elect him," and the party
addressed should reply, "That is possi
ble, but not probable," the answer would
be strictly correct, for by it the speaker
would mean that thsre was a chance that
John Smith might be elected by one vote
but that it was not likely to occur
WHITENING-A. V., City. The follow
ing is the receipt used by the United
States Treasury Department for white
washing, and It has been found to answer
on wood, brick and stone nearly as' well
as oil paint and is much cheaper: Slack
half a bushel of unslacked lime with boll
ing water, keeping it covered during the
process strain it and add a pe*ck of salt
dissolved In warm water, three pounds of
ground rice, put In boiling water and
boiled to a thin paste, half a pound of
Spanish whiting, and a pound of clear
glue dissolved in warm water; mix these
well together and let the mixture stand
for several days. Keep the wash thus
prepared in a kettle or portable furnace
and when used, put It on as hot as possi
ble, with painters' or whitewash brushes
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Every man knows other men who would
be just as good as he Is If they hadn't
had the same advantages.
Deference Is giving another person the
center of the stage where every one cisc
knows It belongs to you.
The average man doesn't put much
stock In robins. He waits till he hears
some girl say she must get her shirt
waists ready.
The first year a woman Is married she
is sure that if her husband were unfaith
ful to her she would go mad. The second
year she tnlnks she would die. The third
year she wonders if she would get a di
vorce. After that Sue never thinks about
it at all.
The reason -why It takes a woman so
long to make up her mind is because she
wants to think up an the ways she can
possibly change it.— New York Press.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Dr. James C. Pry or, U. S. N., is at the
Palace.
G. G. Brooks, the big Colusa grain man,
is at the Grand.
Charles Francee, the Salinas capitalist,
is staying at the Grand.
R. Robertson, manager of Paralso
Springs, is a guest at the Grand.
T. J. Field has come up from Monterey,
and is to be found at the Palace.
L. A. Spitzer, Assessor of Santa Clar.t
County, is registered at the Grand.
John F. Boyd has come over from San
Rafael and is staying at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Dickee of Brooklyn,
N. V., are registered at the Baldwin.
John S. Murdock, a traveler from Lon
don, is one of the late arrivals at the Pal
ace.
General M c r
riam, commander
of the Pacific
Coast forces, got
into a Sutter
street car last
evening to go up
town. On the
A PATRIOTIC
VENDER
OF NhWS.
corner of Sutter street and Grant avenue
the car was surrounded by a crowd of
newsboys, excitedly crying their "extras."
As soon as the car stopped a rush
was made by these merchants-du-pave to
see who could first get inside the car and
supply the passengers. A colored lad
proved to be the lucky one, and, entering,
cried out: "Yar's yo extra. All about de
wo. Don't bo late ter buy, fo' ef yo does
dar won't be none lef ."
As he approached General Merriam that
gentleman looked at him and said: "Say,
boy, what's the war about?" "Niggers,"
was the laconic answer. "Xiggers! Dats
right, boss. Ue coons has done got in
bondage agin er way down dar in Cuba,
an' flar's er goin' ter be hell ter pay."
"Well, give me a paper," and the general
held out 5 cents. "Nebber mm' de money,"
said the boy. "I know's yer, gin'ral, an'
I don't taik nuthln' frum de sogers at
sich times as is er happenin' now."
W. W. Mullen, a wealthy resident of
Fresno, is at the California, accompanied
by his wife.
E. L. Bosford, a prominent merchant of
San Jose, is one of those who arrived at
the Lick yesterday.
W. B. Gilbert, Judge of the United
States Circuit Court at Portland, Or., is a
guest at the Occidental.
R. E. Hyde of Visalia and A. E. Hogue
of Vancouver, B. C, are among yester
day's arrivals at the Palace.
S. Gerson, a well-known merchant of
Sacramento, is registered at the Grand,
where he arrived yesterday.
H. M. La Rue, the Railroad Commis
sioner, came down from Sacramento yes
terday and went to the Occidental.
General M. H. Muller, N. G. C, is regis
tered at the California from his home in
Fresno. Mrs. Muller accompanies her hus
band.
At the head
quarters of the
adjutant general
in the California
Hotel there is a
continual crowd
of all sorts and
conditions of men.
AN INCIDENT
AT
HEADQUARTERS.
from the son of the millionaire to the man
without a place to lay his head, who wait
around until they gain admittance, when
they at once make application for a
chance to enlist. The following little epi
sode that occurred is illustrative of the
change that has come over the spirit of
the country in the last thirty-seven years.
Among the crowd yesterday were two
young fellows who had been waiting some
time, and who had drifted into conversa
tion with each other. After discussing
various things connected with the war,
one finally said to the other: "I, of
course, don't know anything of war fro*n
a personal experience, but I have ac
quired a pretty good idea from hearing
my father talk. He went to the front in
'61, and fought all through the trouble
until he was mustered out after losing a
leg at Chancellorsvilie." "Is that so?"
said the second of the two. "My father
was in the war also, but he was on the
other side, and fought with a Virginia
regiment up till the close. He subse
quently died from consumption brought
on by exposure while campaigning. You
see, when the war broke out he was on
the old plantation, and—" But just then
the door of the adjutant's office opened,
and the son of the Confederate, catching
his companion by the arm, said, "Come
on," and the Xorth and South went in to
enlist together.
A. R. Melntyre. assistant superintend
ent of the Grand Trunk Railraod at Bat
tle Creek, Mich., is visiting the city for a
few days.
R. Y. Cole, the olil-tim# champion ama
teur wrestler of the Olympic Club, has re
turned from Mexico and Is at the home
of his parents.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Johnson, prominent
and influential society people of Brooklyn,
N. V., are registered at the Occidental on
a pleasure trip to the coast.
The following arrivals on the Zealandia
from Honolulu are registered at the Oc
cidental: H. G. Boswell. William Woon,
W. H. Love and Mr. and Mrs. R. I. Lillie.
Among the arrivals from Honolulu yes
terday on the Zealandia who went to the
California are H. H. Conwell. August
Conrad t, Mrs. J. C. Paulison and Miss A.
R. Pratt.
THE AUXILIARY FLEET.
More than half a hundred ships have
been added to the naval force of the na
tion within a month. They are not all of
first or second or third class lighting
power, but they all possess some value
in that direction and together increase
the strength of the naval arm immensely.
The resources of the country in aucb an
emergency have been most encouragingly
revealed.— Springfield Republican.
MARCHING TOGETHER.
Marching through Georgia is in fashion
again. The boys in blue and the boys in
gray are moving together this time, and
will Keep onward after the sea is reached
in behalf of American liberty and man
hood.—Globe-Democrat.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Tb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
l'ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main li>42. •
WIDOWS ON THE TENSION ROLL.
Of the 989,613 names on the pension roll
■>nly 755.125 represent survivors of the war.
The remaining 234,492 include widows,
minor children and a few miscellaneous
claimants, but mainly widows. At the
present time the widows are keeping up
Lhe number of pensioners. The widows,
young women who marry old soldiers
(v-ill keep up a pension roll nearly 100
rears after the war for the Union ended.
Fhe revolutionary war closed 115 years
igo, yet by the last report seven revolu-
Jonary widows were drawing pensions.—
Indianapolis Journal.
"Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by mllllom of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for air*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th»
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery St..
S. F., or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado. Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
ACKERS ENOLISH REMEDY IS BETOND
question the greatest of all modern remedies
It will cure a cough or cold immediately or
money back. At No Percentage Pharmacy. *WHEAT RISES,
BUT BARLEY
GOES DOWN
Another Day of Wild
Excitement on
'Change.
Morning Prices Drop at
the Afternoon Ses
sion.
The Board of Directors Finally
Force a Marginal Price
on Wheat.
HAY IS STILL VERY HIGH.
Timothy and Alfalfa Ar« Being Im
ported From Other ,
States.
There was a great deal of excitement
at the Produce Exchange yesterday
■g orning and all day, owing to the ad
v-ince in the price of wheat. Brokers
assembled at an early hour, and there
was no lack of interest while the day
lasted, and, as on the day before, there
was a great deal of talk of business
after the regular closing of the call
board.
The most Important feature of the
early day was the going up of the Liv
erpool market, which showed an ad
vance of 3 to 4 pence. With cargoes
quotably 46 shillings for Walla Walla,
California wheat is quotably 1 shilling
higher than Walla Walla. Added to
this was ,m advance of 3^i cents In
the Chicago market, with New York
reporting acceptance of everything of
fered yesterday. English houses were
using the call freely in order to secure
rear due cargoes. Liverpool reported
French importers making urgent re
quest for wheat in that market. All in
all. the wildest enthusiasm had worked
into the market even before the gong
Bounded. At the opening of the session
Jl V-2 was bid for December; then it
Jumj'.-i V;l cent at a time until $1 &~\
was reai hed. This advance was caused
by covering by a prominent short of a
heavy line of December. His purchases
of May sent the price of that option
to Jl 89. At the advance shippers open
ly sold freely, giving sh.rrts, who were
the only buyers, all the wheat they
wanted. This show of front weakened
es until Jl S3 was quoted for De
cember and Jl 86 for May. At these
prices early sellers turned buyers, caus
ing an advance to Jl 85% for December
ng easier at Jl S4U for December.'
At the final morning session Chicago
k began to weaken, which had consider
able to do with the temper of the
crowd. The board of directors deemed
the time had arrived when a marginal
• •'hnuid be placed on wheat, as the
market was fairly running away with
itself; also that margins should be paid
into the bank. This they passed, and a
notice was posted on the official board
of the Exchange. It was rather in favor
of the shorts, as margins could only
be called to $1 80, whereas the longs
■were compelled to deposit in the bank
$300 on each 100 tons .if wheat. This is
the rule that was placed against Fair
when he had the market completely
■within his grasp. The rule Is generally
looked upon as an unjust one, as shorts
cell with their eyes open.
However the rule was effective
enough to break the price back to
|l 79% fi : i December. At the afternoon
session, buying hv shorts rallied the
price to $1 _i 2,i 2 , later selling at $1 sf
with May Jl S3. The rule bases the
price of wheat upon Liverpool quota
tions, freight added.
It is more than likely whejrf would
have declined had the rule not been
put into effect. The market has had an
advance of 47»2 cents without what
might be called a set back. The re
markable feature to the market has
been tho small realizing by holders
They hang on with a death grip believ
ing in J2 wheat. The substantial ad
vance in the English and French mar
kets warrants good prices. Should for
eign markets continue to advance no
doubt American markets will follow.
Yesterday's prices have not been ex
ceeded since 1891. At that time there
was less merit to the advance than the
present.
Barley was disappointing to Its
friends, who mustered up thfir entire
courage to advance prices. During the
rapidly advancing wheat market period
their efforts were of no avail. As one
broker put it. "You can't raise It with a
derrick." The market was as heavy as
lead, as it proved. On small offerings
the price dropped from Jl 3S\i> to Jl 3t]
for December with May closely follow
ing. At the closing afternoon session
the weakness In wheat was carried into
barley, December selling to Jl 33. Buy
ing by shorts advanced the market to
$1 34 1 -i. The only support barley hnd
was given it by shorts. There is a very
weak undertone to the market. The
fact of its depressed condition in the
of such remarkable strength In
wheat has and Is rapidly losing for it
its heretofore friends. Stock feeders
are substituting corn throughout the
State. The spot demand is falling off
rapidly as present prices are considered
too high V.y well posted dealers.
The trading yesterday was well dis
tributed among brokers. E. A. Bresse
was a heavy Beller of .December wheat
from Jl B5 to Jl 87%, trading in over
Poon tons. He also December bar
ley liberally. L. Kauffman was a seller
of wheat and barley. Shippers openly
s'.ld May and December wheat. Sig
Newman was the- heaviest buyer of
wheat. It is claimed his purchases
inted to 15,000 ions.
• utter & Moseley unloaded a large
line of December wheat, supposed to
be for a prominent long. Blum was a
seller of May wheat, Baehr sold long
wheat and barley. Boule bought barley
early, selling later. l n the afternoon
early trading was animated. Offerings
r.t Jl 81 were heavy, but tho market
dragged downward until Jl 79^. was
reached for December. At the decline
b few shorts rallied the price to $1 ~u%~
Barley was fairly steady, Decomhr-r
Belling at SI 34 v 1 34%. At the advance
there wa? a heavy fe< "ng.
From reliable flour-dealera it was
learned yesterday that it j s nnto t likely
that It will )»•• necessary to import that
commodity to the coast this year
Bperry & Co., speaking of the situa
tion, said: "We do not see any signs
that it will be necessary to import
Eastern Hour, as the Oreg ( , n supply
promises to be large enough to make ud
the surplus needed over our raisings
Of course, it Is hard to tell just what
Jhe situation is until full reports are
"■-., but there are not any particular
Mgrui of a desire to import from the
East so far as we can see."
Secretary Magner ot the Hay Ex
change says that a great deal of hay
is being Imported for local consumption j
and that it will be necessary to import
a great deal more. He said: "We are
buying a great deal of hay from Da
kota, Oregon, Utah and Washington,
owing to shortages in Contra Costa,
bonoma, Solano and other bay coun
ties of the State. Wo are buying al
falfa, timothy and prairie hays. The
crop in the principal counties of the
fetate is short at least a third."
SHORTS ON BARLEY.
Rumors That Prominent Deal
ers Are Trying to Over
load the Market.
There -were rumors on 'Change yester
day afternoon that Henry J. Crocker and
some members of the Pacific Union Club
were very short on wheat, and that their
shortage on barley was much greater, for
which reason some of the brokers thought
there was a movement to unload barley
and unload their shorts
There was also some thought that the
directors were doing all In their power to
help out the shorts, by making a mar
ginal price of $1 SO on wheat, which was
held by many to be too low. There will
?u etTo , rts lo have the directors rescind
the rule making the marginal price so
BURGLARS FRUSTRATED.
A Plucky Woman Scares Off Five
Bad Men on the Ingleside
Road.
A bold attempt was made to burglarize
the house of a vegetable gardener named
\ arney on the Ingleside road yesterday
afternoon. About 4 o'clock two men en
tered the premises and offered Mrs. Var
ney a ring for sale. While she was ex
amining the piece of jewelry she noticed
three men sneaking behind the house.
She kept a close eye on tneir movements,
and saw that they were determined to en
ter without letting her see them. She in
stantly cave the alarm, when the five
men took to their ho^ls and ran away.
Her cry was heard by some men "who
were at work on the adjoining- gardens,
and they in turn took up the cry of
"thief" and gave pursuit t<« th« fleeing
m^n. The noise attracted the attention
of Officers J. '1. Edner and C. W. Brown
who were on duty in tne vicinity. They
Joined in the chase and succeeded in cap
turing two of tie runaways. The otner
three made pood their escape.
When brought to the Seventeenth street
station the captured men gave the names
Of Martin Gavin and Thomas Powers.
They were placed in cells and their names
f>ut on the detinue book f<>r the time be
ng. until the arresting officers have fur
ther time to investigate tne case against
them and also to capture the other three.
PASADENA AT
THE FESTIVAL
Rivalry Between the Ladies
in Charge of Special
Features.
Widows' and Orphans' Home to Be
Completed Free of
Debt.
An effort is being made to have during
the Masonic Festival one or two military
nights. It seems probable that two Sr
three companies, or so many members of
them as can be spared, of the ar»ny will
appear in the Pavilion. A number of
National Guardsmen will appear, and it
is honed that the Naval Reserve may be
induced to give a drill.
Doric Lodge yesterday made a praliui
inary announcement of the success had
in securing premiums for its booth. The
list covers almost everything lmagin.-ible
in the world; from gold opal pins to jew
eled belts, traveling bags. Japanese lan
terns, eiderdown quilts and an .amount of
silverware. Mrs. W. Frank Pierce the
chairman of the booths committee, says
that this ip a fai** samnle of what the
lodges generally are doing.
Fidelity Lodge met in Masonic Temple
yesterday afternoon and completed ar
rangements for its general dis >l->v. The
ladles are to be costumed In Flemisi
Btyle and the decorations of -ho hoot'i
are to be principally ferns and plants en", j
twined with silk and ribbons. They *.iave
they think, the largest display that will
be made during the fete, but there ;s
quite an amount of interesting rivalry
between the ladies who have charge of
the different features wmch are to be
prominent during the festival.
The country has been so generous In the '<
rratter of flowers that on Thursday and"
Friday afternoons at 2 o'clock there will
be an auction of the choicest held at the
floral depot. 16 Post street. The arrange- !
ment and the delivery will be free as be- '
lore.
The committee yesterday decided to ac
! cept the offer of an exhibit of a new pho
\ U'graphic process. Visitors to the fair '
will not only have an opportunity of see- !
inp It In operation, but by registering at
the booth they will, through ii»e charity
of the exhibitors, be enabled to get quite
I a considerable discount on any orders ;
! they may wish to place within thirty \
days of the close T>f the fete. This dis- ;
; count is donated to the Widows 1 and Or
phans' Home, unreservedly.
Pasadena has decided to take a leading
part in the coming fete, and appointed the i
, following committee: C. J. Willett, chair- |
: man; E. E. Gaylord. A. R. Bettis E C I
| Griffith. F. R. Brick and R. Williams, sec- !
retary. A special exhibit is promised from
! Pasadena and arrangements are being I
! made for a large number of visitors from
the south.
Bennett's Band, largely augmented, will
provide the music The programme, as al
ready arrangeo. will contain in two parts
twenty numbers on each night, all of the
standard composers being represented.
Charles 1,. Patton said yesterday:
"I,ippman Sachs, the chairman of the
ccsh donation committee, is trying to
ccmplete his work in the city as rapidly
as possible. Practically all the large con
onib have been seen and the result Is
most gratifying. I navel ittle doubt
that we shall be able to complete the
home and leave it free from debt."
POKSOAMA AND
KLAMATH AT WAR.
Affidavits of Both Parties Making
Contradictory Statements About
Work.
The Pokegama and Klamath Lumber
companies had a day in court In the
United States Circuit Court yesterday in
the matter of the order to show cause
why the temporary restraining order
should not be continued in force during
the pendency of the trial of the Issues
involved.
The Pokegama people were represented
by F. D. Madison and J. F. Farrar and
the Klamaths were represented by Judge '
S. C. Denson and Frederick Stratton. The I
attorneys for the Klamath people put In
some affidavits to show that the Poke
gama Company ha<] not compiled with
the terms of the lease requiring them to i
operate the whole plant for the best In- '•
terests of the parties concerned, and that i
they had not got out enough logs to keep I
the mill running at Its full capacity In !
answer to thr.se affidavits the Poke'gama
attorneys produced affidavits, one of
them from the logger, stating that dur
ing the first year rtf the lease he deliv
ered to the lessees, the Pokegama Com
pany, one million feet more logs than he
had delivered to th<- Klamath Company 1
the year before, and this year that he I
bad delivered r.OO per cent more. The af- i
fldavlts set forth further that the Klam- i
r>.th Company had been unable to v.-ork
the mill to Its full opacity because of
the straitened cor*lition <>f its finances
It having Incurred a debt of about $30 -
XX) in operating the plant, while the Po- '
ftegama Company had expended about i
175.000 in improvements and in making
ready.
Judge Morrow took the case under ad-
.'isement.
In the Divorce Courts.
Judge Belcher yesterday granted Doro
hea W. Guill a divorce from William B.
tuIU on the ground of desertion.
Helen A. McCormack has secured a'dl
■orce from Isadore B. McCormack on the
rround of failure to provide. ...
The following new suits for divorce
i-ere filed yesterday In the County Clerk's
ifflce: Klfreda C. Jones from Thomas
ones, cruelty; Annie Peltier from John
'eltier. cruelty, and Fred H. Bachelder
rom Nellie A. Bachelder, desertion.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
WILL NOT
CONSOLIDATE
A Fruitless Meeting of
the Two Baseball
Factions.
President Bert Refused to
Accede to Jako Raver's
Propositions.
Both Leagues Will Renew Hostili
ties With Unabated
Vigor.
Two hours of fruitless debate was had
last evening by the managers of the Cal
ifornia and Pacific States Leagues, for
the purpose of consolidation, but, as nei
ther side would accede to the propositions
of the other, the proposed deal has been
declared off.
President Bert of the Pacific States
League strongly urged that the managers
of the three San Francisco clubs of their
league consolidate with the management
of Oakland, San Francisco and Stockton
teams of the California League. They
wanted to ignore the California League
team at Sacramento for their club and to
place Santa Cruz instead or Fresno, none
of which the California League would
a^ree to.
The California Baseball League agreed
to consolidate with the Pacinc States
League only on one condition— that the
new league should consist of the Sacra
mento, Stockton, Oakland, San ivran
cisco and Fresno clubs of the California
League under their present management;
thai the two San Jose clubs should be
consolidated under the direction of S. N.
Kucker; that the new organization should
take up the National League protection
now held by the California League; that
L'ugene A. Bert should t>e president of
the new league; 11. H. McPike, president
of the California League, should be vice
president; Charles K. Wiggin of the Cali
fornia League, secretary, and T. F.
Bonnet, treasurer of the Pacinc States
League, treasurer, and all games should
be played with the National League ball
ana under National League rules.
As this did not meet with the approval
of the Pacific Stales contingent, v was
agreed to disagree, and both leagues will
go on in the even tenor of their ways.
At the meeting last night J. J. Kauer
for the California League said:
Mr. Bert "met me on Market street and sug
gested that two leagues would not be profit
able if they continued this fight, and that the
ball players would try to pull my leg and his
for higher salaries. WelL X Baid, my theory is
that H would be a good plan to consolidate
and have one league, as it would be profitable
to the owner's and (.layers themselves. I then
asked Mr. Kwing whether that .would be agree
able, and he said if the clubs could come to
gether and harmonize it would be a good plan.
McNeil sent for me last Sunday, and on my
arrival at his house I found Mr. liert. and we
discussed the whole matter. Mr. Bert- and
myself agreed to take charge of all these parka
on condition that Mr. Hunker and Air. Kwlng
were cared for. This was acreed to, but i
did not learn until to-r.i -ht that what they
meant by carine for Air. Bunker and Mr
Ewing was to put Mr. Crowley with Mr
Bunker, and that Mr. CofTroth, as manager for
Mr. Bushnell, was to be associated with Mr
Ewing as managers of the Oakland team. This
I retused to do. Our league was willing to
concede- the San Jose team to them on condi
tion that Mr. McGlynn, its manager, was given
the superintendency oi the grounds, also that
-Mr. Kucker be empowered to appoint whom-
Boever he pleased as manager 01 the Garden
City team. They wanted two San Francisco
teams to make it an eight team league but
as the rules of the national afe-reement will not
permit any two clubs to exist In one city I
would not agree to it. . "
We wanted them to throw out Santa Cruz
and put in Fresno, aa .Santa Cruz was a poor
baseball town, while Fresno has the backing of
its leading business men and the support of a
strong athletic club, but they would not listen
to übe proposition. Another reason why we
could not agree on a consolidation was that
they wanted »us to play at Central Park when
we knew that the Recreation grounds were bet
ter adapted to the national game
Uf^ni h . e taSSSJ?t B : Mr - Bert made the
These negotiations have been pending for
some weeks past. They were opened up the
Sunday following the day Corbett appeared at
Central Park. On that occasion we had a good
big crowd, and everything- was lovely a£d
smooth with us. I recognized the fact that two
leagues would not do, and thought that if the I
managers could get together md agree we
could make a strong league. Mr RaSer who
was the financial backer of the otheF concern
f.ime to my office tne next day an" we f oneUed
up negotiations. These negotiations have^beln
pending a number of weeks, and we finally
reached an agreement last Saturday to Con
solidate the three parks, Central, Kecreat?6n
uid l Sixteenth and Folsom. We held l the S
Df Sixteenth and Folsom through Mr McNeil
V\ c agreed to pay the rent of the three nla-reo
wid to play games at Central Park until such
lime as Mr. Kauer and myself muld mutually
igree to transfer the games to Ele-hth anS
Harrison or Sixteenth and Folsom streets Air
Kauer wanted Mr. Bunker and Mr Fwi'ne to
nanage their teams delusively, as they had
jtood by him loyally, to which I agreed fia -ine
' would not ask him to turn down anybody
We had arranged that Mr. Kapplan ih™M
lelp manage the San Francisco team I thoucht
hat Perhaps Mr. Bunker and the Stm kfon
'• ;L might unit- in the management of }h«
"ockton Club, and that Crow cy X a nd KaL an
ftSs tare. £b s£ BftSF?
V? VeO ' ,mv, mvc h-HUrpriß€d to«ee anumbfr- f f
>ther gentlemen with him, because it Tag dl«
tgreeab c to talk to men 1 had not me? "before"
have insisted right from the very start th«;
•.very manager that started out wfth us mu«t
ontinue in the organization. I stated Iw^uM
HOUSEMEN MEET.
1 Annual Sessions of the Association.
Will Soon Incorporate.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Coast
j Trotting Horse Breeders 1 Association was
| held at the rooms of the association "v,
j Geary street, last night. The meeting
I was called to order by President E p
Heald, the. following members being pres
ent: J. F. Boyd, A. G. Gurnett. Colonel
Park Henshaw, J. C. Simpson, T F
Crowley, A. H. Cohen, F. W Covey'
Charles Durfee, B. E. Harris, br Dal
zell, J. M. Nelson. D. I* Hagtrertv '\r a
Judd and Secretary- F. VV. Kelley
.he association decided to incorporate
and appointed A. j\. Cohen a committee
to draft articles of incorporation which
are to be presented at the next meeting
of the association, May 20. The meeting
then adjourned and the board of directors
held an executive session, at which It
was voted to charge all entries 5 per cent
entrance money and 6 per cent additional
from all winners of money.
F. W. Kelley, secretary Pacific District
Board of Appeals of the National Trot
ting Association, is authorized to issue
licenses to drivers and riders for this
coast. Applications should be sent to
him at the office of the association. Li
censes are Issued free of charge, but the
application must be accompanied by two
photographs of the applicant.
Hawkins Loses His Suit.
Judge Trout t yesterday granted Judg
ment of non-suit against Michael Haw
kins, who recently sued the executors of
the will of the late Mrs. Annie Donahue
to compel them to pay him an allowance
of $10 a week. It was shown by the rep
resentatives of the estate that the allow
ance was only to run during the lifetime
of Mrs. Donahue and on the express con
dition that Hawkins did not bother or
worry her. Hawkins attempted to kill
Mrs. Donahue several years ago. He shot
at her while she was getting into a coupe
en Montgomery street, near California
but luckily ~. u not hit her.
Principals and Sureties Sued.
M;tria Simonart commenced suit yester
day against James McCoy. James O'Nell
and the American Surety Company of
New i'ork to recover $640, claimed to be
due for the use of teams engaged to re
pnve a roadway on the Presidio grounds.
McCoy and O'Nell had the contract and
the. Surety Company was on their bond.
"THE RED FRONT." 857-559 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" Bhlrts. •
REGISTRAR'S
NEW SYSTEM
Safeguards Against the
False Registration of
Voters.
Will Correct Pending Evils if
Aided by Election Com
missioners.
Many Changes Mods for tho Con
venience of th« General
Public.
The Registrar's office of the City and
County of San 'rancisco has been thor
oughly renovated, and now assumes the
aspect of a respectable business office.
The old and unsightly structure, which
formerly occupied the center of the
office, has been removed, and a disposi
tion of the different desks has been
made which it is expected will materi
ally facilitate the work of the office
and afford greater convenience to per
sons desiring to register.
An entirely new and radical change
has been inaugurated in the system of
conducting registration, by which the
Registrar hopes to make illegal regis
tration not only difficult, but in every
way reasonable of detection.
Registrar Biggy says that under the
system, in vogue in the office for many
years, it was possible for a person to
register with each of the several pre
cinct clerks in the office, thus affording
an opportunity for fraudulent registra
tion of the must alarming magnitude.
The registration being made by differ
ent clerks was not easily detected by
the force in tht- office.
By the new system, recently adopted, I
all persons applying for registration i
are compelled to pass the careful scru- I
tiny of at least three clerks; one taking*
the voter's measure, ajiother taking his
address, and the thira fixing the pre*
cinct in which the voter belongs, be
fore receiving his certificate. As all of
the work of the three clerks is done .si
multaneously the registration is made
with remarkable rapidity.
The Registrar expects by the new I
methods which he has already put in!
operation to frustrate any attempt to
register illegally in his office.
Another important feature to wh'cb
Mr. Biggy called attention is the char
acter^ of the clerks under whose direct
supervision an applicant for re^istra
tlon must in all oases come. They have
been selected for their special adapta- j
bility for the respective positions they '
occupy.
One of the greatest faults founrf by ,
the Registrar is in the manner of ap
pointing men on the precinct boards.
This is done by the Election Commis
sioners, usually at the solicitation of
political friends, belonging to the iif
ferent political parties and by poiiti
clans representing certain factions
therein, thus forcing: upon the Registrar
men of unknown capability and at the
; same time making him responsible for '
their acts.
The appointment of men by the Elec
tion Commissioners for the purpose of
detecting fraudulent registration in the
different precincts it is claimed by the
Registrar takes away one of the great
eat safeguards again- 1 fraud that, hi:
has to deal with, and Mr. Bl«rgy says
that In view of his being held responsi
ble he should be given an opportunity
to learn the character of the men for
whom he is made accountable.
Mr. Biggy aims to overcome all of the
present difficulties in the way of honest
registration by the co-operation of the
Election Commissioners in the selection
of men known to be entirely competent
and reliable.
The Registrar has thrown the affairs
of the office open to the public nni
frankly says that he will conduct the
same on purely business principles, free
from any political taint, and that he
will make every effort to insure to the
voters of San Francisco an honest reg
istration.
IN CHARITY'S NAME.
Rare Old China and Dainty Minia-
tures on Exhibition at
Hopkins'.
The California Woman's Hospital, one
of the most deserving charities In San
Francisco, is the object for which the
most interesting portrait exhibit at Hop
kins' is given.
Some old masterplces are to be seen
that belong to private parties and will
perhaps never be on public exhibition
again. Rare old china and dainty minia
tures form no small part of the display
Thpre will be a musical tea next Sat
urday, at which time Marino will help
entertain those who will be present, ana
the affair will close Sunday. Many prom
inent singers will also give their talent on
Saturday.
Paloma's Piano Recital.
The astonishing piano playing and Im
provisations of little Paloma Schramm
entertained a snug little audience at the
Sherman & Ciay Hall last nigrht. As
sisted by Mrs. Florence Scarborough,
•whose contralto solos have been a happy
feature of all of Paloma's recitals here,
the young pianist will give three more re
citals this week in the same hall, to-night
and Friday and Saturday afternoons.
Melba has promised to attend Saturday's
recital and write a theme on which Pa
loma will Improvise.
The Park Driving Association.
The Golden Gate Park Association held
a meeting last evening and appointed the
following committee on track: J. w.
Thompson, Frank O. Kane and E. J. Gal
lagher. The association proposes to hang
up prizes for the best trottine horses
owned by people who have never raced
them for money, the event to be held on
Decoration Day. Jim Chesley, Ed Aigel
tinger and others will have their nags
out, and the proceeds of the day will go
to the Improvement of the speed track of
Golden Gate Park.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism ;Cnro is Kiia.ri.ntoi rt to beabsolutely
harmless, and a Btrono- tonic in building up the weak
%nd debilitated. It cures Acute or muscular rheuma-
tism In from one to five days. Sliarp, shootln" naius
in any part of the body stopped In a few dose's. A
prompt, complete and permanent cure for lameness
soreness, stiff back and all pains lv hips and loins!
Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, luir.bngo or pain in
the back are speedily cured. It seldom falls to cive
relief from one to two doses, andelmost Invariably
rures before one bottle has been used. The Munyon
liemcdy Company prepare a separate cure for each
disease. At ail drusglsts-25 cents ;i vial. If vnu need
medical advice write Prof. Munvon 1005 Arch
Street, Philadelphia. It Is absolutely f ree . ■.»;
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAY BEEN ADVANCED
25c PER BARREL.
Ban Francisco, April 26, 1898.
SPORTED THE
BURNT CORK
Society Young Ladies Appear
as Black-Faced Come
dians.
A Splendid Entertainment Given by
Golden West Booth of St.
Patrick's Bazaar.
Young ladies can don the burnt cork,
the gaudy raiment and the fuzzy wig typ
ical of the "days befo' de wah," and sing,
laugh, crack Jokes, rattle the bones and
tambos just as well as the members of
the sterner sex. This fact was clearly
demonstrated at the ladies' minstrel en
tertainment given by the members of Gol
den West Booth in Native Sons 1 Hall last
night for the benefit of St. Patrick's ba
zaar.
When the curtain rose the house was
crowded, in fact, many persons in the rear
of the hall had been shifting uneasily
from one foot to another waiting anx
iously for the show to begin and envying
their more fortunate fellow-beings who
had come early enough to secure
seats. The scene on the stage, while made
up wholly of gaudy colors, was so harmo
niously blended as to be most pleasing'to
the eye. There was a bewildering array
of scarlet coats and waistcoats against a
dark green background of palms and
ferns framed in by smiling faces— smiling
and pretty, even though they were black
ened and polished till they rivaled ebony
and disfigured by abnormally large paint
ed red mouths. There was a clash from
tambourines and cymbals, a murmur of
delighted applause from the audience, and
the show began.
Of course, as in all good minstrel shows,
music held sway. The coon song, the top
ical song and the sentimental song were
right there, and there was just enough of
merry jokes and witty sayings and bright
local hits to evenly balance things. The
coon girls were well up in their work.
They laughed, flouted, jigged and rolled
eyes which looked large and white in the
black cork setting in a manner which
would have done credit to the most pol
ished belles of the plantation. The la
dies, however, may not wear all the lau
rels of the occasion, as one of the hits of
the evening was made by Master Fay
Dougherty, a juvenile member of the sex
which is allowed to vote and smoke cigar
ettes, who appeared as a swell masher,
rigged in a style that would win any cake
walk, and strutted across the stage, i
swung his cane, swelled out pompously
and sang about his "baby" in a manner
which drove the audience frantic.
The programme was aa follows;
Opening overture by th« entire company; "I
Loved You Bettor Than You Knew." Miss M.
P. Westhaus; "Mammy's Little Pumpkin-
Colored Coons," Nellie Oaks: "Sweet Antoin
ette." B. Hanlon; "Honey. Does You Love
Yer Man?" Mable Norton: "Love's Serenade."
Mrs. M. Frances Brennan: "I'm the Warmest
Member In the Land." Mamie Sheehan: "I
Love You Best." J. O'Brien: "Ambolina Snow."
Newman Sisters; "Sunset," Mlfs Etta O'Brien:
"That Black Man From Troy," Misses Jessie
and Janette Finnic; fancy dancing. Miss V.
Stack: comic selections. 'Jack Cathcart: Glee
<"!ul. selections, by Company A, League of the
Cross; "I Don't Care If You Nebber Come
Back." Mamie \V»l!s: "He's a Porter on the
Empire State." Kittle McShane: "On the Banks
of the Wabash," Miss Alice Garsen.
Miss A. Hoyne made a first-rate con
versationalist and Misses Jessie Finnle
and Kittic McShane. Mable Norton and
Tessie Smith handled the bones, while
Misses Mamie Wells. Jeannette Flnnie,
Mamie Sheehan and Xellie Oakes pounded
the tambourines. The stage was under
the management and direction of T. G.
Eggert. . ;•..
« • ■
In Hamburg: the authorities tax a dog
according to its size.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What a wonderful influ-
ence the possession of manly
vigor exerts over a man! It
makes him a grand success
in everything he undertakes.
He has confidence in him-
self and commands the re-
spect of his fellow-man.
Dr. Sanden offers a bopk
free that tells how the great-
est development of man-
hood's vigor can be attained
by the use of the famous Dr.
Sanden Electric Belt. If you
cannot call and examine the
Belt send for the book,
"Three Classes of Men,"
free, sealed, by mail. Con-
sultation free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market Street, San Francisco.
NOTE— Make no mistake in the number—
632 MARKET STREET.
Office hours,iB a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204%
South Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washing-
ton street: Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street-
Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street.
$5000 REWARD will be paid for one of I
I these Belts which fails to generate of I
these Belts which fails to generate a I
current of Electricity. . ; I
EXCURSIONS, ETC.
$1.25 CAMPERS' $1.25
<Pl~ EXCURSION <Pl~
Jgag BJHIMBt fr 1 *' 1 i r> lii ™ " "r ■eSPMtJiSVa
— to THE— —
Santa Cruz Mountains !
Personally Conducted by MR. WM. H.
ME!*TON, Excn. Pass. Agt. 8. P. Co.
SATURDAY, April 30,
RUNNING TO BOULDER CREEK
AND STOPPING AT ALL THE CAMPING
RESORTS BOTH WAYS.
Take 7:45. a. m. boat. Ferry Landing (Nar-
row Gauge), foot of Market street, San Fran-
cisco; 7:45 a. m. ; from Fourteenth and Frank-
lin streets. Oakland; 8:20 ;. a. m., from Park
street Alameda.' :
: Returning— Arrive San Francisco 8:05 p. m.
-— . _^_ _____ ADVERTISEMENTS.
88 88 88 82 88 88 88 82 22 22 88 88 82 22 88 22 88 88 82*2 22 22 22 22 22 22 58 881818^5^^"^^
88- ' '"■ . - s>;-;s >;-; ■■ '■ i ■■;■'" gj
| ■■■ I From the innumerable 88
88 llff If ll inn!/ bargains that are mak- ''.
" 111! W/rHK in^ our NEW SPR3NG «
| 111 IU flub \ STOCK of CLOAKS and ..a
8s SUITS so popular we §
a n "I select the following 88
s <nrrrninn stylish lines nd«
? iHIUn IIS 1 offerthem s
s UUI gaillu ■ Special Prices To-day! I
M ■ ■ • : •*
o. ftOf LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. In fancy colored mixtures and black figured 88
85 tfVW mohair, lined and velvet bound, regular price 50, special to-day at 90c. J*
? &7 SO LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH SUITS, Jackets lined with silk, skirts 88
85 tj7 t •*J\J double lined and velvet bound, regrular price $12 50, special to-day at $7 50. c»
85 <H^ Q£\ LADIES' AND MISSES' JACKETS in tan and blue mixtures, fly fronts. 2X
g5 tJJO»€7tJ silk lined, velvet collar, regular price $6, special to-day at $3 35. $|
® l^fir' LADIES' CALICO WRAPPERS, assorted light colors, regular price 750. *8
2g OVL special to-day at 50c. So
t' QS/> CHILDREN'S CLOTH CAPES, nicely trimmed with white ■worsted braid. 88
o» wtlW assorted colors, regular price Jl 75, special to-day at 95c. ' ' o.
8S . ' ■ -■ 88
88 \/\Jr Murphy Building:, * [flf Murphy Building-, M 88
\ Martet ani Jones Streets. Mariet and Jones Streets. f
8822 82 22 22 52 22 22 22 22 22 g 1% 22 22 52 52 22 8252 82 88 22 22 22 88 88 88 82 88 52 88 82 82 22 88 88
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
To-night and all. the week. Matinee Saturday.
FERRIS HARTMAN
And a Complete Comedy Company Direct from
New York in the Nautical Farcical Comedy,
THE PURSER.
As refreshing as an ocean breeze. War bul-
letins between the acts. Extra— Beginning To-
day, April 27, every afternoon. Including Sunday
(except Saturday) at 3, a magnificent relicious
' production of the famous "PASSION PLAY."
Reproduced by mear.s of soul-stirring lifelike
i moving pictures. Realistic accessories.
Seats— Adults, 25c; Children. 15c.
Coming— The Great PILAR MORIN.
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Farewell Appearance of the Dainty Comedienne,
MARIE JANSEN,
In Her Latest Success,
"THE NANCY HANKS."
Built for Laughing Purposes Only.
Enjoy Yourselves.
EXTRA-NEXT MONDAY.
The Eminent Romantic Actor,
ROBERT B. MANTELL
AND A SELECT COMPANY.
I Under the Management of M. W. HANLEY,
' Presenting for the First Time in This City a
' New Romance, by W. A. Tremayne, Entitled
"A StCREI WARRANT."
LOUIS DE BEAUMONT. MR. MANTELL
NUMEROUS ACCESSORIES, SUPERB COS-
TUMES. POWERFUL COMPANY.
. SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
■ CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Svengali Has Hypnotized Theater-Goers.
CROWDS FILL THE HOUSE.
3 NIGHTS MORE AND SATURDAY MAT.
AS POPULAR AS EVER.
TRILBY !
A Complete Production.
Excellent Cast. Popular Prices.
15c. 25c and 60c. No Higher.
NEXT MONDAY—^AJTEXAS STEER."
SPECIAL-
NEXT SATURDAY EVENING,. APRIL 30.
A GALA NIGHT. ?
FAREWELL TO ■
the inpi in p
Supported by the
DAMROSCHELLIS OPERA CO.
ONE ACT EACH FROM FOUR GRAND
OPERAS.
MELBA AS JULIET IN "ROMEO AND
JULIET."
MELBA AS GILDA IN "RIGOLETTO."
MELBA AS LUCIA IN "LUCIA" (mad
scene).
MELBA AS MARGUERITE IN "FAUST."
Complete Scenery, Costuming and Effects.
SEATS NOW. READY.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleslde Track.)
Racing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS, 12:45 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after the
races.
Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore-street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
SUTRO_BATHS.
—REMEMBER THE MONSTER
MAY DAY FESTI v'AL—
SATURDAY, April 30, IS9S.
A salesman who travels for a Bridgeport, Conn., factory reports
that he has always been subject to colds caught from exposure in
drafty places. "I used to muffle myself up no end," he says, "and yet
my head and throat were continually stuffed up and I was hoarse as a
crow. I was waiting at Plainfield Junction for a train one day and
«jet a man who gave me a
Ripans Tabule
and said he guessed that would cure my cold, and it did. Since then,*:
he says, "I always keep the TABULES by me and take one at the
first sneeze. If Ido this the cold seldoms get any farther."
1 AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
I Walter M0r05c0.......501e Lessee and Manager.
Extraordinary Star Engagement of the Great
American Soubrette,
LETTIE LE VYNE
As NORA DONLIN. In the Charming Irish
Comedy Drama,
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN,"
Introducing the New National Anthem.
"REMEMBER, BOYS. THE MAINE!"
Specially Engaged, the Young Actor,
LAWRENCE UNDERWOOD.
THE ACME QUARTET,
In Songs and Specialties.
Evening Prices ioc. 25c, 500
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY ~WED. APRIL 27
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony 10c; children
inc. any part.
A Most Artistic Vaudeville Triumph
KERNER'S TABLEAUX VIVANTS
Most Expensive Production of Living Picture*
Ever Attempted in America.
Also LIZZIE B. RAYMOND. RENO &
RICHARDS. TONY WILSON & CLOWN
SMITH. O'BRIEN. BIGNORA PASTELLO
ROBERTA & DORETTA. FISH & QUIGG and
MONTGOMERY & STONE,
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng,_Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
SUCCESS ATTENDS THE SECOND EDITION
OF THE GLORIOUS SUCCESS.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
Everything new and up to date.
NEXT WEEK
The greatest of all comic operaa
"WANG!"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
ALCAZAR. g«2™.
Between Acta
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
A GENUINE SUCCESS
The Comedy That Will Make You Laugh,
"THE GAY PARISIANS!"
L. R. Stockwell and the Best Cast Yet.
Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c and 50c.
SHERMAN, CLAYJ CO.'S HALL
TO-NIGHT 8:15.
MATINEES. Friday and Saturday 3 O'Clock
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM
The Child Pianist and Composer. Unparal-
leled in the Musical World.
Seats now on sale at Sherman. Clay & Co 's
50c and $1; Children. 25c.
A GREAT BIG BLOW OUT
Is Given Every Afternoon and Evening at tha
CHUTES.
CAPTAIN CARDONO'S -AFRICAN LION
HUNT": MANDOLA. and a Grand Vaudeville
Performance.
WAR NEWS Will Be Read From the Stage,
10c to All, including Zoo. etc.; Children. sc.
CHIQUITA will receive but a short tima
longer.
OLYMPIA | Corn « r ° f M«°» and
, I Eddy Streott.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
Direct from New York, CYRENE, The Cuban
Terpsichorean Wonder, and a great olio of
ppeela!ti».«. Admission free. House heated.
78
HOW THE HOSTILE SHIRS ARE MOVING,
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.THE GOVERNOR'S INITIAL
ORDER TO THE TROOPS
Enrolled Members of the Organized Division of me National
Guard of California Get the First Chance to Enlist in
the Volunteer Army of the United States.
Other Enlistments Will Be Received to Again Recruit the Guard to Its Normal Strength.
The Commander in Chief Directs That Four Batteries of Heavy Artillery Be
Immediately Organized—Order to Open Emergency Rolls.
AFTER TWO BATTERIES.
Late last evening General R. H. Warfield, commanding Second Bri
gade, N. G. C, received orders from the Governor to at once proceed to
enroll two batteries of heavy artillery, 200 men in each battery, for service
under the quota of troops called for by the War Department. Such men
must volunteer and enlist for two years, unless sooner discharged. Mem
bers of the National Guard will be given the preference in volunteering.
Only physically qualified men between the ages of 18 and 45 years need
present themselves as volunteers.
Of the four batteries of heavy artillery called for, one company will
be recruited in Los Anjreles. one in Sacramento and two in San Fran
cisco and Oakland. Applicants can present themselves at any time after
10 o'clock this morning, at the old armory on Market street, between
Ninth and Tenth streets.
MAP FOR THE WAR DE
PARTMENT.
Captain Carrington, First "United
States Infantry, now on duty ■with
the California National Guard, ha 3
been directed by the Secretary of
War to forward to the War De
partment Immediately a map of
California, showing the railroad
lines of the State and also the
towns in which regiments, com
panies or other organizations of
the Guard are stationed. In ac
cordance with instructions Cap
tain Carrington yesterday trans
mitted a map on which was delin
eated the location of every organ
ization of State troops.
THE VOLUNTEERS.
State Troops to Go Into
Camp at San Francisco
and Los Angeles.
Bright and early yesterday morning
General Barrett's headquarters were
opened and another day of active work
was commenced. Captain Carrington,
Colonels Bush and Burgin were busy
during the early part of the day pre
paring a report of the equipments, sup
plies and ammunition to be forwarded
to the Government. These reports were
made out on large official blanks, of
the classification order, which will be
in all probability telegraphed East.
Shortly after noon, the Governor, ac
companied by the adjutant-general', ar
rived at headquarters, and he was
handed a copy of the letter of instruc
tions from Pecretary of War Alger
This letter, which is a copy of the one
mailed on Monday from the "War De
partment, was furnished the Governor
by The Call, which had it telegraphed
here by Its Washington correspondent.
The Governor, It was ascertained be
fore his arrival at headquarters, had
held a conference with the Attorney-
General.
Colonel J. F. Smith of the First In
fantry was one of the early arrivals
at headquarters and was closeted for
some time with the Governor, as was
Lieutenant-Colonel Patton of Los An
geles of the newly organized volunteer
cavalry regiment of that county. Cap
tain D. A. Smith, the adjutant of the
Fifth Infantry, reported to General
Barrett that the new uniforms pur
chased by the State for the Fifth had
been turned over to him. He desired
to know what disposition to make of
them. Cantain Smith said that if the
men were to be ordered out and mus
tered into the United States service he
thought that their present uniforms
would suffice, and he did not see the
use of issuing the new ones to the men.
The old uniforms were good enough
for the soldiers to ficht- travel and
THE SAM FKAJNUISCU CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 189 S.
sleep in for. the present without using
the new ones.
Lieutenant-Colonel George Peppy of
the Governor's staff was also at head
quarters. During the fore and after
noon there was a continual stream of
officers and civilians pouring into head
quarters who desired information and
a chance to enlist. The commander-in
chief, Generals Barrett and Warfield
and Captain Carrington were busy re
ceiving and sending dispatches and at
tending to the numerous detail duties
attendant upon their offices. The
scenes presented were those erf anima
tion, and upon the arrival of The Call's
special war bulletins, which are posted
every hour in the adjutant-general's
office, the officers congregated around
them and eagerly discussed the latest
information from the seat of war.
Sergeant H. R Sullivan of B Com
pany, First Infantry, of this urv, ar
rived at headquarters about 2 o'clock
and reported to the adjutant-general
that his company on Tuesday night had
passed upon thirty-two applications for
membership in the company and select
ed fifteen new men. The non-com
missioned officers of the company are
acting as a board of investigation, and
they are using the same prec; tion to
select only men best fitted for the ser
vice as is done in times of peace. Ser
geant Sullivan reported the greatest
patriotism and eagerness to serve the
Government existing among the rank
and file of his company, and, in fact,
a similar spirit pervades the remaining
rank and file of the entire regiment.
Many of those who called at head
quarters to see the ranking officers of
thi j National Guard upon other than
military business were denied an audi
ence, as the urgent press of Govern
ment business prevented their being
heard.
Stf-ckton and Sacramento and other
points in the State were in constant
communication with the Governor over
the long-distance telephone. All of
these conferences wr- held in the Gov
ernor's private audience rooms and
their nature was closely guarded and
kept secret from the press.
Lieutenant Sydney Amos Cloman, U.
S. A., who has charge of the corps of
cadets at the University of California,
called at headquarters to pay his re
spects and ascertain the latest infor
mation from the front. Rabbi Voor
sanger also called upon the Governor
and held a private conference of short
duration with the State's chief execu
tive. It is thought that his visit was
relative to matters pertaining to the
Red Cross organization. The eminent
rabbi was followed by Colonei Choyn
ski, who Joined the group of staff offi
cers in General Barrott's anteroom
Major Naphtaly of Genpral Warfleld's
staff was also among the officers at
headquarters.
The Governor was cal'ed upon by
several persons who desired to have an
audience relative to civil business, but
he did not see them, and he issued the
strictest orders to admit no one, as his
time was entirely occupied in the con
sideration of purely military matters.
The Governor was In conference dur
ing the afterno-on witii Generals Bar
GOVERNOR BUDD'S FIRST ORDER.
About 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon Adjutant-General
Barrett, acting under the instructions of Governor Budd, issued
the following letter from headquarters, which explains itself:
San Francisco, April 26, 1898.
The following circular of instructions is issued
for the information and guidance of all concerned:
A call will soon be made by the President of the
United States upon the Governor for two regiments
and two battalions of infantry and four batteries of
heavy artillery — in all about 4000 men — perhaps for
service without the State. Such men must be vol
unteers and enlist in the army of the United States
for two years, unless sooner discharged. Members
of the National Guard will be given the preference
in volunteering, and present formations will be pre
served as far as practicable. All officers, both com
pany and regimental, must be appointed by the
Governor. It is absolutely essential that only physi
cally qualified men between the ages of 18 and 45
should volunteer, and those with families dependent
upon them for suppcrt should not be allowed to
volunteer. Report at once to general and also to
division headquarters direct number of men in each
of your companies qualified as above and who will
volunteer. Also open emergency rolls for as many
as will volunteer of like qualified men. The Na
tional Guard must be recruited and maintained even
after these 4000 men are furnished, as we must
always be prepared for duty, and there may be a de
mand for troops for the defense of our coast. By
order commander-in-chief.
A. W. Barrett, Adjutant-General.
The letter was the result of a long conference held by
Governor Budd with his trusted military advisers. This ac
tion was taken in anticipation of the orders from the East,
which are expected at any time.
rett, Dickinson and Warfield and Cap
tain Carrington, U. S. A. At 4 o'clock
Governor Budd gave ov* the following
statement:
"The letter of instructions sent out
by Secretary Alger has been under
consideration. This is not a formal
consideration of the letter, however,
for that will be impossible until I
have received it officially from the
War Department. However, I take
it that the telegraphed copy of the
letter furnished me by The Call is
exactly similar in wording 1 and lan
guage to the one that has been
mailed me by Secretary Alger. In
the letter it says: 'The rendezvous
for your State will be in San Fran
cisco. If for any cause it is found
necessary to change point of concen
tration your recommendation is re
quested.' "
There is no haste at present and
no action can be taken by myself
until I receive the letter, but at pres
ent I am of the opinion that one reg
iment at least will rendezvous at
Los Angeles, and the remainder, in
all probability, at San Francisco.
The letter received by the press is,
as I understand it, a circular letter
that has been sent out to all the Gov
ernors, and the letter of details, re
ferred to in the dispatch of Monday,
that I received from Secretary Alger,
is on its way here.
Colonel Patton held a f onference with
Governor Budd late in the afternoon,
and at Its conclusion he gave cut for
publication the statement that he had
been assured that in the event of the
National Guard being ordered East, th.3
Regiment of Southern Colifornia Vol
unteer Cavalry would be given the
preference of the second call, and, in
fact, would practically form the nu
cleus of a new National Guard.
Captain Carrington, U. S. A., was
first made acquainted with the fact
that he had been detailed by the United
States Government to muster in the
State troops through one of The Call's
Special War Bulletins. He said: "I
don't know until I receive my official
orders whether I shall open my office
here or in Los Angeles. I will prob- >
ably have offices in both places. I
will open my office in this city near the
armory and employ a force c-f clerks
and rush the business through."
Captain Carrington was of the opin
ion that the law governing the muster
ing of men into service would be some
what modified in many particulars.
Generals Warfield, Last and Muller
will be requested to furnish from their
brigades companies to- man the heavy
artillery. General Warfield is expected
to furnish two companies and the other
brigades one company each.
The news of the blowing up of the
California Powder Works at Santa
Cruz created considerable excitement
at headquarters. Regarding the rumor
that the explosion had been due to
some Spanish subject, General Barrett
said that the information he had re
ceived waa too meager to permit of his
expressing an opini
Some days ago Governor Budd called
the attention of General Shafter to the
exposed condition of the powder works.
A tende ■ of State troops to guard the
premises was made, but the officers of
the company replied that protection
was not needed, 4
HARBOR DEFENSES
IN GOOD HANDS
All Artillery Troops Placed Under Command
of Colonel M. P. Miller.
Captain Henry C, Danes Will Be Placed in Charge
of the Dynamite Gnns Mounted at
the Presidio.
As announced exclusively in yester
day's Call Colonel M. P. Miller, Third
Artillery, has been placed in command
of all the artillery troops and defensive
works of this harbor. Following is the
text of the order from department
headquarters:
Headquarters Department of California,
San Francisco, Cal., April 25, 1898.
General Orders No. 6.
Colonel M. P. Miller, Third Artillery, Is
hereby placed in command of all artillery
troops, guns and defensive works, and in
control of all war materials in and about
San Francisco harbor, for purposes of in
struction and defense.
Post commanders while exercising their
functions in post administration will sub
ordinate all other considerations to meet
the demands of Colonel Miller in the im
portant duties assigned him in this order.
Officers and detachments may be tempo
rarily taken from post to post by Gov
ernment transportation, at the discretion
of Colonel Miller, for necessary instruc
tion without change of station.
It is expected that all officers and Gov
ernment agents charged with functions
connected with harbor defense will keep
Jn close touch and hearty co-operation
for effective defense at all times. By
command of Brigadier-General Merriam,
EDWARD FIELD,
Major Second Artillery, Acting Assistant
Adjutant-General.
Yesterday Colonel Miller visited the
Presidio, and after conferring with
Lieutenant-Colonel Louis T. Morris,
Fourth Cavalry, commanding- the post,
selected the quarters recently vacated
by Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace F. Ran
dolph.
Battery G, now at Angel Island, and
Battery E, at Fort Mason, will take
station at Fort Point to-morrow.
It is talk among artillery officers that
the command of the pneumatic dyna
mite battery will be assigned to Cap
tain Henry C. Danes. Battery I, Third
United States Artillery.
Captain Danes is a native of South
Carolina and entered West Point July
1, 1879. He was graduated June 13,
1883, and appointed second lieutenant
Third Artillery; February 10, 1891, he
was appointed first lieutenant Third
artillery; a year ago he received his
captaincy in the same regiment.
An order was issued yesterday from
department headquarters suspending
further carbine practice of the cavalry
troops at the Presidio, required by gen
eral orders No. 2. current series.
Troops B, C, I and X, Founn Cav
alry, now at that post, are prepared
and read^ for field service, and are.
now waiting for instructions from the
War Department ordering them to the
front.
About three days now Intervene be
tween guard tours of the regular cav
alrymen. Previous to the departure
of the First Infantry for New Orleans
ten days intervened between guard du
ties.
By direction of the Secretary of "War
Private Christian Ploss, Battery A,
Third Artillery, now at the Preside.,
is upon his own application transferred
to Troop I, Sixth Cavalry, and will bs
sent to the station of that troop, Chick
amauga Park.
Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf, assist
ant surgeon-general, U. S. A., who has
been selected by General Nelson A.
Miles as one of his staff officers, has
been directed by the adjul-.nt-ereneral
of the army to transfer his duties per
taining to the medical supply depot in
this city to Lieutenant-Colonel John V.
D. Middleton. deputy surgeon-general
and chief surgeon, Department of Cali
fornia, who will perform them in addi
tion to his present duties.
It is rumored by those in a position
to know that in case the President re
stores retired army officers to active
duty. General O. D. Greene, adjutant
general, U. S. A., retired, now living in
this city, will be assigned as adjutant
general, Department of California, and
Colonel J. G. Chandler, assistant quar
termaster-general, T T . S. A., retired,
living in crkeley, will be assigned as
chief quartermaster, Department of
California.
At the meeting of the trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday after
noon, consideration was given to the
proposition of aiding the Federal Gov
ernment in every possib' way to meet
Spain should that country be foolish
CAPTAIN F. DEL CARRINGTON, Enrolling Officer of
Volunteers for the Department of California.
enough to send one of her cruisers
around here to salute the people of Ban
Francisco '.vith shot and shell.
The trustees discussed the formation
i t auxiliary companies of artillery and
also the fitting out of auxiliary cruis
ers to protect this city and coast.
Nothing, however, was decided on at
the meeting, the whole' question being
laid over till to-day, when the trustees
will again hold a meeting, at which
representative citizens will be present
by invitation to consult on the modus
operandi of carrying out the viev/s of
the trustees on the proposition.
General H. C. Merriam, commanding
the Departments of Columbia and Cali
fornia, was represented by Major Ed
ward Field, Second Artillery U. S. A.,
acting adjutant-general, Department of
California.
NAVY SERVICE.
Admiral Kirkland Directs
How Applications Must
Be Made.
The following circular has been is
sued by Admiral Kirkland:
NAVY-YARD. MARE ISLAND, Cal.,
April 25. IS9B.
All applications for appointments tn the navy
must be addressed to the Hon irab\> Secretary
of the Navy, Washington, D. C.
Applicants should state their ages, places of
birth, of naturalization, positions for which
qunlified, and experience at n>'a. with request
for permission to appear before examining
board at Mare Island Navy-yard, California.
W. A. KIRKLAND,
Renr Admiral, U. S. N., Commandant Navy
yard and Station.
FEARLESS RIDERS.
A Regiment of California Rangers
May Be Offered.
The official call for volunteers from
California embraces only infantry and
heavy artillery, but it is possible that
an organization of mounted men,
known as the California Rangers, may
be accepted in addition to the regular
quota.
The organizers of the regiment,
among them George W. Fox, H. D.
Knight and Thomas O'Brien, assert
that 800 rangers have been recruited
and that the material is the best.
George W. Fox, an ex-soldier of the
Union army, who participated in many
of the campaigns of the Civil W T ar,
will probably command the rangers.
He has been recommended for a colonel's
commission. Many of the enlisted
men of the regiment are fearless riders
and good marksmen. The regiment is
to be recruited from the State at large
and when the enrollment is complete
the organization will be tendered to the
Secretary of War.
PULLMAN BERTHS.
The Pullman Palace Car Company Is
in the ranks of the patriotic, as this
letter testifies:
Pullman's Palace Car Company. Office of
the General Superintendent, Chicago,
April 22. 1898.
C. A. Garcelon. General Superintendent.
Subject: Relative to Positions, for Em
ployes Entering the United «taios Army.
Mr. J. P. Meehan. Superintendent, San
Francisco— Dear Sir: The Question has
been raised as to whether positions would
be kept open for employes who desire to
enter the United States army, and in this
connection wnuld say that we will con
sider such employes as on an indefinite
leave of absence, and restore their posi
tions on the expiration of their enlist
ment. Yours truly,
General Superintendent.
C. A. GARCELON.
READY ON NOTICE.
At the meeting of California Garrison
No. 101, Regular Army and Navy
Union, U. S. A., a res> lutlon was unan
imously adopted to the effect that Cali
fornia Garrison No. 101 be ready to
take the field after forty-eight hours'
notice from national headquarters.
910
MUSTER ROLL OF THE RED CROSS LEAGUE INCREASING
RED CROSS IN SCHOOLS.
Rev. Dr. John Coyle Makes a Most Timelu and Valu
able Suggestion.
Editor of The Call — Dear Sir: Allow me to congratulate you on the
splendid movement The Call has inaugurated, that has culminated in the
organization of the Red Cross Sanitary Commission of California. I am
deeply interested in the work. -
It was my privilege during the war to be in charge of the Fifth
Corps, headquarters Sanitary Commission, Army of the Potomac. I
know something of the work done by that organization for our brave
boys at the front.
The full history- of the Sanitary Commission will never be written.
Of the number of lives saved and sufferings alienated none know save
the recording angel. Its daily history-, however, was written upon the
memories of the men whose wounds were healed, whose lives were saved,
and whose health was restored by the kindly ministers of this society,
and it found its reward in the lasting gratitude of those saved through
its agency.
Its most valuable opportunity comes while cannon are yet booming
and musketry is still rattling; where life is as cheap as air and the dead
and wounded are falling thick as autumn leaves; when the army is pur
sued or is pursuing: when the wounded perforce are lying neglected on
the field — then the sanitary agent becomes an angel of mercy to the men
whose lives are slowly ebbing away.
Again, when the wounded are consigned to the hospital the daily
visits of the agent, bringing help and sympathy, are highly prized by men
weak with suffering on beds of pain.
This help comes in letters written to loved ones at home, clothing
distributed, delicacies supplied, so essential to the sick, but impossible
to the army bill of fare.
The point of this letter is this: The Berkeley High School has the
honor of being the first school in the State to organize a Sanitary Com
mission.
It was organized yesterday (Monday), on the same day as the Red
Cross Sanitary Commission of California, Could there not be a similar
society organized in every High School in California?
I feel certain if you would send this thought down the line the thou
sands of patriotic young men and women in our High Schools would re
spond by organizing a Sanitary Commission in each school, each society
to be auxiliary to the central organzation in San Francisco.
Let us give the girls and boys a chance. If they cannot go to the
front they can send. And they will send not alone their sympathy, but
their benefactions, which will be the exponent of their love of country.
Their efforts will meet with a generous response from fathers and
mothers whose boys have gone to the front to defend our flag.
The question will be asked by many, How much ought I to give to
aid this organization? ' I would reply by asking. How much would you
give if your boy was the first to fall on the field of Cuba and the first to
feel the touch of the kindly hand of this organization as it stopped his
bleeding wound or snatched him from the jaws of the deadly yellow
fever. JOHN COYLE. D.D.,
President Berkeley High School Sanitary Commission.
SILENT HEREOS.
There are other heroes than those \
stirred by martial sounds und urged on
by roar of battle. Greater sacrifices are |
made for the nation than those under j
the inspiration of a mad charge against
an enemy's belching puns. It is easy to '
fight, aye. easy to die — when under the
stimulus of shrieking bullet, rattling i
musketry and the roar f>i conflict. It is
after all this — after the red tide has j
swept across the field, after the excite- j
ment of animal courage, after the de- •
sire for blood — that true heroism shows
itself in the silent suffering during thos.e
long and agonizing hours of patient !
waiting which ends in death or leaves j
a mangled and maimed body to be car- j
DIVIDED
AGAINST
ITSELF
The Alameda First
Christian Church
in Trouble.
It Is Tottering to a Fall
Through Inward Dis
sensions.
The Majority of the Congrega-
Hion Want to Retain the
Rev. Mr. Wickham.
NOT WANTED BY MINORITY
Consequently th<» Majority of the
Members H«ve Left the Church
in a Body.
The denomination In Alameda County,
known as the Christian Church seems
to have fallen upon evil days. Strife
and dissension hold the fort in two of
the folds and on one occasion a !
"brother" invited another "brother"
into the anteroom to settle their differ
ences a la Fitzsimmons and Corbect. j
This little incident happened at a |
prayer meeting and needless to say
the affairs of the church were not im
proved thereby.
In Oakland the members of the Cen
tral Christian Church have locked
horns over the sayings and doings of '
the Rev. Edwards Davis, while in Ala
meda the First Christian Church is
entirely disrupted over the retention or j
dismissal of the Rev. J. A. Wickham. |
For some time back a minority," led by
Trustees Speddy and Lorentzen, have
been trying to get Rev. Mr. Wickham
to resign, while the minority, led by
Elder Thomson and Mrs. Dill, have
been anxious to retain him. The cli
max came last Sunday, when the Rev.
Henry V. Morgan notified Rev. Mr.
Wickham that if he preached in the
First Church that day there would be
a disturbance that would not be quelled
in a hurry. Rev. Mr. Wickham did
not preach and his followers remained
away from the sacred edifice almost in
a body.
A meeting of the seceders was held
last evening, > and as a result, Ger
mania Hall on Lincoln avenu.V, near
Park street, has been secured, and
services will be held there next Sun
BERKELEY, April 26. 1898.
I ried through life.
Yet all the heroism of war does not
i lie with those who bear arms in their
nation's defense. There is a true cour
1 age that lives not in history except as a
result, that brings but collective glory,
that gives no personal honors. It is
1 that quiet heroism which induces
shrinking womanhood to face the hor
rors of the bloody field strewn with
' ghastly remains of humanity, to enter
the shambles of an army operating
j room or to carry its blessed ministration
ito the pestilential wards of the fever
hospital in order that some man's suf
fering may be alleviated.
Who is there that has lain on the sick
I bed that has not felt the gentle touch of
j a woman's hand and been the better for
day. The minority has been given
undisputed possession of the Park
street building and also the debt
owing by the church. The latter body
is said to be formulating charges
against Rev. Mr. Wickha-m, which will
be laid before the Ministers' Union in
this city. His followers will of course
espouse his cause and another wordy
warfare is sure to follow.
The troubles of the First Christian
Church date back to over a year ago.
At that time the Rev. Henry V. Mor
gan was the pastor, but after some
friction he resigned and subsequently
opened a temperance saloon in San
Francisco. He still continues to make
his home in Alameda and attended the
First Church.
When the Rev. Mr. Wickham was In
stalled as pastor of the church he at
first gave entire satisfaction to the con
gregation. Later on some of the
wealthy members of the flock thought
they discovered he was not powerful
enough at exhorting, and they gently
hinted that a change would be for the
better. As one lady member put it:
"Brother Wickham would make a first
class farmer, but I don't think much
of his abilities as a preacher."
Accordingly. Brother Wickham was
asked to resign, but backed by the ma
jority of his (lock, he refused to do so.
It was during an animated d:~cussion
of the pros and cons of this weighty
subject that Elders Speddy and T'.om
son lost their tempers and the Invita
tion to adjourn to the anteroom was
given.
The minority refuses to discuss the
trouble, but all assert that they had
ample reason for asking for "Brother"
Wickham's resignation, and say that
they will prove their case when the
matter Is laid before the Ministers'
Union.
"We loved our pastor, and were well
satisfied with him," said a leader of the
majority last night; "so why should we
want to part with him? His preaching
suited us, and when it came to a ques
tion of disruption we followed him,
against his advice. Seven or eight
wealthy members of the congregaritn
have been a disturbing element for a
long time, and with them is the Rev.
I Henry V. Morgan. The latter gentle
i man opei (da branch of his temperance
I saloon in Alameda to-night, and now
that his business is centered here I
think he v&nts to be pastor of the First
j Church rgsin. Well, he can be, so far
ias we are concerned. We have secured
Germanla Hall, and Sunday next you
will find almost the entire church there.
"As things now stand, there is no
pastor to the First Christian Church,
nor is there hitely to be. Brother Wick
ham was prepared to officiate last Sun
day, but he received a message from
Brother Morgan to the effect that If he
I occupied the pulpit there would be a
rattling of dry bones that would not
be to the edification of the congrega
tion. In consequence, there were no
services held, at least, not that I know
of. Then we tried to hit on a compro
mise, but the minority held out for
Brother Wickham's resignation, and we
were determined to stand by him, and
we will."
It is, therefore, plainly to be seen that
the First Christian Church of Alameda
Is "a house divided against itself."
"Unable to Meet Their Bills.
Jacob Lander, living at 988 Folsom
street, has failed for $730 60.
Several of the creditors of Julia Mc-
Donald have petitioned the Superior Court
to have her declared an insolvent debtor.
The claims against her amount to less
than $600.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
it? Who, "when pain and anguish
wrung the brow," has not felt tho pres
ence of the "minist'ring angel?"
It is that those brave boys in blue
who have gone to the front to fight your
battles may receive these gentle minis
trations of the Society of the Red
Cross has been organized, and it is that
the nursing, the patient care and the
necessary delicacies so needful in the
sickroom may be furnished to perhaps
your own son, brother or fathe", that
you are called upon to give as best you
can from your store of vorld's goods
that the good work may be carried on
without ceasing to the end of the war.
The way is open for every one to help.
It may be the gold coin t om the ple
thoric purse of the wealthy merchant,
whose business is guarded by the sol
diers at the front, or it may be the
penny from the grimy hand of the
schoolboy yet too young to understand
the full measure of the blessing of gov
ernment, but whatever the source the
contribution means that some fevered
brow is cooled and some pain-racked
body is eased.
California will furnish many heroes
whose names will be heard when the
Hispano-American war is spoken of by
future generations, and it should be the
duty of Californians to see to it that by
the side of those heroes' names is re
corded the fact that from the Golden
State went the means which not only
alleviated the suffering of the men who
fought, but which also nursed back to
life and health those who might have
filled unknown graves through lack of
proper care after the brunt of battle had
been borne.
The start has been made. The State
League has been organized. Now let
every city, every town, every school in
the commonwealth, form an organiza
tion and send such a grand contribution
that the peaceful auxiliary may have
even greater victories than those of
arms.
A STRONG LEAGUE.
Society Ladies of Oakland
Initiate the Red Cross
Movement There.
OAKLAND, April 26.— A branch of
the Red Cross Society was organized
here to-day, and it promises to be one
of the strongest leagues in the State.
The members of the Ebell Society took
the initiative in the formation of the
patriotic and humane league. The Ebell
Society does, not propose to limit the
membership to its own members, but
to make the organization a general one,
and all persons and societies are asked
to join and help in the work it proposes
to do.
Mrs. I^mmon addressed the meeting
outlining the work the new society
would be called upon to perform, and
the duties it owed to the country and
humanity. *■
It did not take the ladies long to per
fect organization. Mrs. G. S. Abbott
was elected president, and the follow
ing were appointed vice-presidents:
Mrs. Alice Bunnell, Mrs. J. K. Mc-
Lean, Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs. D. Hen
sh'\v Ward, Mrs. J. G. Lemmon, Mrs.
Daniel Kent, Mrs. Charles Webb How
ard, Mrs. Robert Watt, George D.
Gray, Mrs. Edward Pringle, Mrs. J. J.
'TIS LOVE,
TRUTH AND
CHARITY
Odd Fellows Cele
brate Their Anni
versary.
Picnic and Races by Day
at Beautiful Shell
Mound Park.
A Brilliant Entertainment at
Night and Ball in Odd
Fellows' Hall.
THE SENTIMENT PATRIOTIC
A Flag Incident Creates Great Enthu
siasm — Spain Opposes Odd
Fellowship.
Yesterday was the seventy-ninth anni
versary of the founding of American Odd
Fellowship in the city of Baltimore, Md
by Thomas Wildey and four others, an
order which now numbers nearly 950,000
in the United States, represented in 10,350
lodges. Including theßebekahs. San Fran
cisco has a membership of more than
live thousand, represented in thirty-two
lodges, while the membership in the State
is nearly thirty-two thousand.
The anniversary was celebrated in all
parts of California. The Odd Fellows of
San Francisco^ including the Rebekahs
and the Patriarcns Militant, together
with those of Oakland and Alameda ob
served the day by a grand picnic at Shell
Mound Park, which was given under the
auspices of Canton No. 5, San Francisco,
and the Rebekah lodges. There was a
good attendance of pleasure seekers and
among the visiting patriarchs in uniform
were some from Canton No. 11 of Oak
land and Canton No. 23 of Santa Rosa
there were also visitors from Stockton',
San Rafael and San Jose.
♦ J he t K i , ple H , nk nae of the ord er with
the emblematic letters F. L, T waved
from the staff over the pavilion, while
the glorious stars and stripes proudly
floated from the staffs at the entrance to
the park.
The merry crowd enjoyed itself in vari
ous ways until 2 o'clock in the afternoon
when the races were started. Then there
was fun for all. The following were the
races and winners and prizes:
Foot race for members of subordinate lodre<i
F. G. Bowlo; box of cigars
Foot race for lady members of the Rebekah
lod^s-Mrs. Rathhlum; fancy handkerchiefs
-n-^M? 1 rr t ce^ for , members of encampment*-^
William S. Francis; box of cigars.
Foot race for Patriarchs Militants— F O
Bowlo; quarter ton of coal. '
Warner, Mrs. Oscar Long, Mrs. George
W. Percy. Mrs. Albert Miller, Mrs.
Henry Wetherbee, Mrs. F. Dunwoody,
Mrs. C. W. Kinsey, Mrs. Albert Sut
ton, Mrs. S. T. Alexander Mrs. E. B.
Btck.
Miss Mary TV. Keene was selected as
secretary, with Miss Janet Haight as
assistant and Mrs. D. Edward Collins
as treasurer.
The following committees were
named:
Surgical materials— Dr. Knox.
Training and emergencies, nursing
and survey— Mrs. John Yule, Mrs. W.
L. Oliver and Mrs. R. W. Gorrill.
Military medical methods, not select
ed; records of sick and wounded sol
diers, Mrs. John Russ; finance, Mrs. F.
B. Ginn.
It is proposed to hold a meeting on
Sunday afternoon next at 4 p. m. in
the First Congregational Church to
perfect plans and acquaint the public
with the purposes of the organization.
The following are the vice-presidents
for the meeting Sunday: Rev. J. K.
McLean. D. D.; Rev. R. F. Coyle, D. D.;
Rev. Thomas MeSweeney, Rev. E. R.
Dille, D. D., and Rev. Robert Ritchie.
Rev. Theodore C. Williams, Rev. C.
R. Brown and Rev. E. S. Chapman will
also be selected as vice-presidents.
A WELCOME ANGEL.
A Battle - Scarred Hero
Tells of the Blessings
of Army Nurses.
"What do I think of the Red Cross
League?" said Colonel William R.
Smedberg, as he leaned back in his
office chair. "Well, we had no league
during the Civil War, but the relief so
cieties did noble work. Every one who
was not a combatant assisted directly
or indirectly in the hospitals or with
the ambulances in the field. If one
only knew what a blessed thing the
sipht of a petticoat coming across the
field of battle is to a wounded soldier
my enthusiasm would be pardoned.
"Do I believe that women nurses
should be sent to the front? Let me
amplify a little. Certainly no woman
should be upon the fcrrefrout of battle.
A male nurse would be more In place
there.
"It is the women who have had ex
perience of life, the mothers of fami
lies, who do the best work. The
wounded must be treated as helpless
children.
"Right here let me interpolate that
Walt Whitman wrote about this very
subject: 'The presence of a good-na
tured middle-aged or '*erly woman,
the magnetic touch of hands, the ex
pressive features of the mother, the si
lent soothing of her presence, her
words, her' knowledge and privileges
arrived at only through having had
children are precious and final quall
ncations.' It is a natural* faculty that
is required. It is not merely having a
genteel young woman at a table in a
ward. One of the finest nurs.-s I met
was a red-faced, illiterate oM woman.
I have seen her take the pour wasted
boys so tenderly up in her arms.
"On May 6, 1 > *"> 4 . I was wounded at
the battle of the Wilderness, and, after
lying in a hospital there for three
weeks, I was shipped on a transport to
Washington with fifteen hundred other
wounded men. And her<- I had my
first experience of sanitary work. God
bless it! Of course the Government
furnishes the necessaries, but even
its best efforts are often inadequate
unless supplemented by contributions
of organized and generous-hearted be
nevolence. On our transport we found
all sorts of grateful comforts that the
wounded soldier knows full well how
to appreciate.
"Yes, I unhesitatingly Indorse the
Red Cross League. This society is sure
to fulfill its mission and in time of ne
Race for girls under 12 years — Miss M. Moore;
story book.
Mile race, amateur bicyclers— This was a tie
and had to be run over and was won by R. C.
Raymond; half ton of coal.
Standing Jump for amateurs— A. \V. Small; a
ham.
Running hif?h jump for amateurs— W. Quln
lan; pearl-handled knife.
Hop, step and Jump for amateurs— W. J.
Jahninghen; can of oil.
Race for ladies— Miss Evelyn Mohr; cnffee.
Fat men's race— Frank T. Duley; order for
printing.
Three-legged race— Carl and J. H. Larsen;
cigars.
Kane for ladies of uncertain age— Miss Emily
Lay ton; box of tea.
Ladles' race for Lady Rebekahs— Miss Annie
Baker; money prize.
Past Noble Grands of Rebekahs— Mrs. S. Dig
nan of Golden Link Lodge.
The most amusing of all the contests
was the last race. All the ladles, fifteen
In number, put up a job on the judge,
who before the start warned them to run
fair. When they got the word "Go" they
all started off on a slow walk, but after
the three-quarter post was reached three
<>f the contestants broke Into a run, and
Mrs. Dignan came In ahead.
Then followed the distribution of a
number of gate prizes, the first being
awarded to Meta Vuight of Sunset Re
bekah Lodge. There was also dancing.
The pleasant outing was under the di
rection of George Farnham, W. S. Potter
and C. H. Kornbeck of Oriental Encamp
ment, the committee of arrangements,
assisted by Colonel Brower. commanding
the Second Regiment of Patriarchs Mili
tant.
Odd Fellows' Hall was crowded last
night by an audience of members of the
ordor and their friends that assembled
to enjoy the entertainment that had been
prepared by the committee on entertain
ment in celebration of the anniversary of
American Odd Fellowship. The hall was
very tastefully decorated with banners
and bunting and presented a beautiful
appearance.
There was a patriotic overture by
Yanke's orchestra, after which Deputy
Grand Master Karl ('. Hruftfck delivered a
short address of welcome in which he
made an allusion to the war, and his pa
triotic remarks moved the vast audience
to a pitch of wildest enthusiasm. The
Knickerbocker Quartet rendered vocal se
lections and on recall sang "The Star
spangled Banner" and "America" with
tine effect. This was followed by selec
tions on a chime of bells by Miss Nellie
B. Waters, and when she rendered pa
triotic airs American flaps were waved
from the rifiht and left front entrance to
the stage and by an arrangement by
Major Jaegher of the Patriarchs Militant
as the lady played the chorus of "The
Star-spangled Banner" a large American
flag was unfurled from the flies and
floated in graceful folds over the per
former, amid the wild plaudits of the
audience.
The principal speaker of the evening,
Frank McGowan of Farnsworth Lodge,
delivered a fifteen minute speech, in
which he drew attention to the rise of
Odd Fellowship in the United States, and
in the course of his remarks said that
Odd Fellowship in addition to teaching
charity and love of man for mankind
teaches loyalty to country and teaches
patriotism.
The deputy grand master called atten
tion to the fact that 11. Rugen, who was
on the programme for a cornet solo,
would not be present, because he is a
member of the band of the First United
States Infantry, and is now at the front
with his regiment.
Miss May Culkn, Miss Edith Hank,
Miss Florence Connor and Miss Jean
nette Partridge, the Arcadian Quartet,
charmed the audience with vjcal selec
tions, after which Professor F. L. Purdy
favored with a tenor solo, "Adieu Marie."
A. P. Van Duzer of Apollo Lodge then
delivered an address on the objects of the
order and announced that Spain, the
country at war with the United States,
is the only country that does not tolerate
Odd Fellowship within its limits, and
added that when we get through with
that country it will be different.
Professor Graber gave several selec
tions on his mandolin, which were loudly
applauded, and then Miss Edith Hank,
by request, gave a vocal solo, after which
the male and female quartets sang
'America," when the audience rose and
Joined lo the chorus.
cessity It should stand ready to offer,
without delay, its assistance to the
State. Organized as it is under mili
tary authority, it is sure to bear excel
lent results. Its methods have been
tested, and when the need comes the
American \ eople will be willing to
empty their purses, to toil with their
hands and to give their time to such a
cause."
Hospital Corps Organized.
The hospital corps of the Fifth In
fantry, N. G. C, met last evening at
Dr. O. D. Hamlln's office and organ
ized the Sanitary Corps Association.
The organization is limited to the
twenty enlisted men of the hospital
corps of the regiment, and the pur
pose is to have a social organization.
The following officers were selected-
President, Dr. O. D. Hamlin; vice-presl
ident, J. Gatter; secretary, William
Moskoman; treasurer, Charles Harris
recruiting committee, J. H. Robinson',
chairman, Charles Anderson and
Charles Harris.
Dr. J. H. P. Dunn is a ranking ma
jor in the corps. Dr. O. D. Hamlin a
captain, and Dr. George L. Painter a
steward. The ranks of the corps are
now filled and they have a large num
ber of applicants for any vacancies
which may occur now that active ser
vice is anticipated.
Ready for the Call.
San Francisco, Cal., April 23, Ig9B.
M. S. Levy, Rabbi— Dear Sir: In read
ing The Call I noticed and' read your ar
ticle. I. am a trained nurse and wish
very much to Join the Red Cross League.
Will you kindly inform me of the re
quirements of the league? I graduated
in 1896 at the Post Graduate Hospital of
Chicago and have had considerable expe
rience iri surgical as well as fever nurs
ing.
At present I am a nurse at the German
Hospital, but can leave at any time.
If the call should come for more nurses
in the coming war then I will gladly offer
my services. I will do anything to help
my country. Sincerely yours in the name
of the Lord and the cause of the people
MRS. LOUISE M. BECKWORTH,
German Hospital.
Decided to Help.
At a meeting of Martha Washington
Council, Daughters of Liberty, the fol
lowing resolution was adopted, amid
great enthusiasm:
Resolved, That Martha Washington
Council No. 2, Daughters of Liberty,
pledge ourselves to do whatever lies in
our power to uphold the honor of our
country, to sustain our armies in the
present war and to alleviate the distress
that may follow in the march of the
armies or in the hospitals of the sick and
dying. IDA FULTON, Councilor.
ADDIE L. BALLOU,
Assistant Councilor.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
S°<§^£^^ £^^^=^ <^<^^^ •^•^^^ •'^.•'^•'^s^
% a j x ■ : |
# — - .; .' . Jj
% Mrs. Pinkham's words to nervous women — #
% How she helped two of them. . #
m • , .- — - — — -. ■ $
/W\ _^ ' ;v. ... T , • ,, „ t\A/i
Ki/^ v^Sfe^i " Everything irritates me ;lam a bundle of \|]/
M§\ a jfFak nerves ; I ache all over and can't sleep ; I don't KA/7
*)k o^Jf<3'fim want to be cross, but I can't help it, and then .a.
k;o^ '^iP SW * et le blues. Little household matters work \v/
/fj\ K-^f^^Fl^^/^^K§s?k me U P so tnat * don't know what lam \\h/1
X e^^MK,S <^^^k • Sayl "A'°s r doing." from one of the W
c M*^^M^r^ This extract, from one of the W
$k P^¥OTW^W«fe letters to Mrs - Pinkha describes • \ski
S SlSSr^HlSl^ the condition of many women. J
BMi&sTSt^ -*i JHNhI&V The relation of woman's nerves \Vk
(flh SHhSUI imiA^S^M to the womb and its dependencies K(l//
'Ii «S^m Mdffl^^^^ is very close. Nine-tenths of the W
T *lifeimk nerVO S despondency and irrita- W
■m Mjjft^^^W^y^^^^^^^^ffl bility in women arises from some KA/;
>ak trouble with the organs that make J%.
mlmß&y mSHB^^ Nothing will relieve this distress- KM
/fAX mMf, WSMMbBb? ing condition so surely as Lydia X
yJi MBB&fl WSmßmf Pinkham's Vegetable Compound; W
$(h BBMi jpraßF it soothes ' strengthens, . heals and K(fo
/^ HBaßr 1 1 tones up the delicate female organism. 3SC
/a IWI I BJMHaHL Mrs. Pinkham. invites you to write W
(/(J^ m^ II ffWrfflWr/ her O1 " aclvice - You can tell every tffa
/w\ Wffl I ■^BBr detail of your illness to her because })ti
/f\\ W I She 1S a woman ~ anyway it is better W
ft |f I 111111157 tO address a woman, for a man does itfjft
§t f \ f I H^Br' not understand simply because he is a JSfC
wan / k/ // 'SP Here are two letters from women who
■M I/ w // Hi w . rote to Mrs. Pinkham, followed her ad- X
11l f ' /// ra ce> and are now well and happy Mv/
m I \\ 1 '■//' W Mrs> ww * L * ELLIOTT . \V//
M.I vVI If m 9 °* Llscomb, lowa, writes : Wj/7
/tkl '. V'/l W * Deab Mrs. Pixkham :— I doctored nearly all the time for , Va.S . :
vFi A \ two years. I spent several hundred dollars without receiv- \\()/7
bl *^^ V •■' |i \ n ff much benefit. Last June I wrote to you. and described NM/ :
@>\ \ \ all my aches and pains. Such a long list as there was !—! — w)/7
wJL I I \ lea^ acne ' backache, bearing-down pains in the lower part of n/j^
J\ * .^^^^ I y the bowels, terrible soreness of the womb, leucorrhoea, J\A/1
/ % ■v^\ l\ JL constipation, dizziness, feeling of extreme lassitude, men- \vk
J Xl^Br struations were irregular, nausea and piles ; but you t\f\*A
* \\assf' 'answered my letter and told me just what to do. I followed vlfl/
' \ I ■ •'■ - ' --" your advice. After taking several bottles of the Vegetable ,X.
V -"*?<s^^ \ ytfit^^ . m pound, three bottles of Blood Purifier, lam glad to write you valy
s>' v : that I have not enjoyed such good health for years. \w/
nw — ™^ *^- iTirs. CARRIE BURGESS, • n"A*/i
. Box 115, South Gardiner, Me., writes: \j^
<y(l^ t Dear Mrs. Pinkham :— For six years I have suffered with female weakness. At monthly periods £()/)
JXk suffered so that I would have to have hot applications applied and take morphine to ease the r NM/
, yWV pain. The pains I had were almost unbearable.' I tried all kinds of patent medicine, also was treated tv A/1
K\)y b7b 7 several_doctors Last October I had a very bad sick spell. I had one of the best doctors in \M/
M\ the city. He said I had ulcers gathering and breaking in the womb, also inflammation of the womb and «A»,
l/l)\\ ovaries; but he failed to help me. I was advised to take Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound \\W//
/ll\\ which I did after writing to Mrs. Pinkham for advice. I have taken the Compound and Blood Purifier, .a.
l/[f^ and consider myself a new woman. . I can never thank you enough for your advice to me. It would w)/?
, •v« take a lifetime to tell the benefit I have received from^vour medicine. I would advise all suffering >^-'
ATju -women to take this wonderful medicine, which has no equal. KA/1
'X? W
#■ Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound Sf
H A Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills. J
<^3^*^'^? T^*^?
— — -*« — -*»-«* ->^ >^ vik X^ >s^ tfo\j
MISS ISABEL DENNISON.
The First Contributor to the
Red Cross Fund.
Dear Call: I am glad that I was the first little girl to contribute to
the fund for taking care of our brave soldiers. I am rather lucky, any
way, for I was the first member of the Society of the Children of the
American Revolution on this coast, and also the first treasurer of the Val
entine Holt Society of the C. A. R.
We children have done some patriotic work during the past year. We
have given $i>o toward taking care for always of the Mar' Washington mon
ument. We have presented a flag to the Deaf and Dumb Asylum at Berke
ley, and now we are raising a fund for a monument to the martyrs of the
prison ships.
You will find that although a girl of the Valentine Holt Society is first
to give to the Red Cross League, you have not heard the last of us yet.
Yours truly, # ISABEL DENNISON.
25, 1898.
SAN MATEO, Cal., AprilCONTESTS ON
THE DIAMOND
Philadelphia Goes Down
Before the Boston
Bean-Eaters.
Chicago Loses to Cincinnati in
the Ninth Inning of
Their Game,
St. Louis and Louisville Taken Into
Camp by Pittsburg and
Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April 26.-Bostons
beat the Phillies tfiis afternoon by better
all-round playing. The Phillies hit Klobe
daiiz hard in the first inning-, but after
that they could do nothing with him.
Attendance 2300. Score:
Philadelphia RR 4'4 ' H «- E ;,
Boston : 9: 12 2
Battertes-Kl. --bedanz and Bergen "drth. Due
gleby and McFarland. Umpires— Snyder and
ST. LOUIS. April 26.— The Pittsburgs.
after one of the hardest-fought battles of
the season, succeeded in beating the
Browns. Attendance 1200. Score:
Bt Louis R ; H E i
Et. Louis 4 14 "\
putsburg ""."""" I I i
Batteries— Taylor and Sugden: Killen ' and
Schriever. Umpires— and Heydler. !
LOUISVILLE, April 20.— The Colonels I
almost won a game to-day, having a lead |
of four runs until the ninth inning. Five j
singles and two errors, netting five runs,
fave the Spiders the game in the ninth,
core:
Ceveland *» H. •E.
Cleveland 9 10 ' 3
Louisville S 10 5 :
Batteries Powell and O'Connor; Mahaflty and
"Wilson. Umpires— Swart : and Wood. • ;
CINCINNATI, April 26.— The Reds
pulled out a game in the ninth inning to
day. Half the Chiongos' hits were
scratches. Attendance 2400. Score:
H. H. E. !
: ati 3 9 2
Chicago ...'."."..'....'.'.'...!...'."'.'.'.'.'.'.!..'.'.! 2 10 1
Batteries— Hawley and Peitz: '".riir.th and
Donohue. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
♦
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Lieber Karl Wins a Mile Handicap
at Montgomery Park.
NEW YORK, April 26.— Results at
: let:
Five and one-half furlongs— Alhamas '
Harry Crawford Becond, Flax Tail :
Time, 1:12 1-6.
Four and one-half furlongs — Kinc's
won. Rusher second, The Diver
third. Tiny
About ■ irlcngfs, Soiling— lxiulpo N.
i • i i imbray second, ]s>mi third.
i 1-5.
e-half furlongs—Passepar
vVhiplash Becond, Cantor third.
One mile and. forty yards, — Lons
dale won, Atlantic sec mdi Nay Nay third.
Tim<\ 1:49 2-5.
Five furlongs, selling — Vigenta -won.
Charentua second, Maud Kills third.
Time, 1:10 1-5. ; . : /
MEMPHIS. April Results at Mont
gomery Park: .
Four furlongs, two-year-olds — Pearl
Barnes won, Katie bona second, Laur
c-ntian third. Time, 0:50J-L'-
Five furlongs, ling — Ma Angeline
won, Mongolian second, Jim Lisle third.
Time. l:04V 2 . :
Luehrman Hotel handicap, one mile—
Lieber Karl won, Isaboy second. Ban
lshed third. Time, 1:45.
Five furionp.-. .^•■llfns:— Bulgarian won,
Cllmacus second, Sir Blaze third. ■ Time
l:04V 2 . ! .;■;>
One and a quarter miles, selling— Paul
Kauvar won. Traveler second, C. S. Bush
third. Tin.- 2:10%.
Five furlongs, elling — Utopia ■wean,
Trombone Becoi Voyager third. Time,
1:03%:
CINCI N N T I . April 25. — Results at
Newport:
Seven furlongs, selling— Stanza won. Al
bert Vale second, Hanlon third. Time,
1:33
Four furlongs— Rush won. Glad Hand
second, Pansj third. Time, 0:51)4/
One mile,- selling— Dr. Pitts won, Petrel
second. Royal Dance third. Time, 1:47%.
Foui nnd one-half furlongs— Great Land
won.. Ed Tipton second, Ned Wickes
third. Time, 0:57.
Six nnd one-half furlongs, selling—
ter Jane won. Judge Qulgley second, Ox
uard third. Time, 1:2-5?;.
One mile; selllngr-rFasigr won.. Little Mv-
Fio second, Banauo 11. third. Time, 1:45.
Biders for the Relay Race.
SAN JOSE, April 20.— The Garden Tity
. the following
■ : ■ •nt them In the lOJ-mile
around, the bay next month:
• J. Clark, Tony Delmas
ttardenbrook, it. E. Francis M
-M. Smith, Julius t,mith and
•m. i'!..- tenth man will bo
n n. Xt Sunday. The team will begin
tnlng at once.
A Bad Man Held
John B£cDonald, an ex-convict, was yes
terday held to answer before the Supe
ri" r Court by Judge Conlan on charges
of asssault to murder and burglary in
$2000 bonds on earn "Marge. On March 22
he l.ruko into a Southern Pacific car and
Btolo a lot of articles. He was seen by
Louis de P3arre. an employe in the market
at Sixth and Townsend streets, who gave
chase. McDonald tired a shot at him.
and a few days later went to tho market
and tried to shoot him again. There 1b
another charge of burglary pending
against him.
■ ♦ ■
Potrero Stabbing Affray.
James Finn, a riveter at the Union Iron
"Works, was arrested yesterday by Police
men Cassin ami Lewis, on a charge of
assault to munlcr. I,a.# Sunday night he
and James MrPhadren. 13G Mississippi
Ktrr-ot, wore playing cards in Charles Her
rel'a saloon, Seventeenth and Kentucky
streets, when a dispute arose and Finn
pulled out a. knife and stabbed McPhad
r--n twice in the thigh and once in the
groin. None <<f the wounds is dangerous.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Have You Seen It?"
THE '"98"
Swell
"DURING"
BICYCLE.
$50 1
GOOD FEATURES.
SIMPLE AND PRACTICAL METHOD
of wheel adjustment; arched forked
crowns of great strenßth; expansion seat post
with internal fastening; Ftrunß rrame . and
fork connections; new crank ajile mechanism-
n.j kpys; finest finished wheel in the market'
Write for catalogue.
AGENTS WANTED.
'LEAVITT & BILL,
Coast Agents,
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
MORELLITO WAS
UP ON EDGE
Johnny Woods on the
Brown Colt Downed a
Crack Bunch.
Sardonic, Pounds the Best,
Beaten Out a Head by
Torsida.
Loch Ness at Odds of 2O to 1 Finished
Ahead of Chihuahua-Three
Choices Won.
There was one race on the card at In
i gleside yesterday well worth seeing. It
i was the mile and a half run. captured by
; Morellito and ridden in captivating fash
' ion by little Johnny Woods. The three
! year-old was pitted against Ostler Joe,
i Grady, Won't Dance and Flashlight, and
j the ring laid 3 to 1 about him. Ed Corri
; gan tried to repeat Monday's trick with
Won't Dance, and although the mare
caused a splash of excitement in the
stretch when squared for the wire, she
failed miserably when the shoe pinched.
Grady, with Cole up, made the pace and
was undeniably a good horse, but was
handicapped by lacK of experience in the
Baddle. At the far turn Woods on Mor
; ellito extricated himself from a bad
pocket and making his run with Ostler
■ Jou just. a,s the turn for home was round
ed, beat the black Montana horse with
Thorpe up a neck, driving hard. Grady
was, third, a head further away. Master
Woods earned a well-deserved round of
: applause for his finish. Won't Dance
was a close fourth.
It was the second of the charity days,
and the attendance showed a slijjht im
provement. The track was rather deep,
and most of the races were run as though
the riders all had waiting orders. As it
so happen* d, favorites took three purses.
A hand of hand-me-down maidens
started in the opening six furlong sprint,
with Joe Levy and Amasa holding first
call in the betting. In the stretch Thorpe
strolled along leisurely *'ith Joe Levy,
and won easily from Rosa, a 12 to 1 shot.
Amasa likes four furlongs.
The betting on the five furlong scram
ble for two-year-olds was fretful and
nervous, finally resulting in Santello.
with Piggott up, being sent to the post
a 7 to 5 favorite, backed from 5 to 2. In
the run home Clayton got up and beat
the first choice a length in 1:02^4. Into
the stretch Bonibel looked a pos.si.ble win
ner, but passed it up. The winner re
ceded from 3 to 2 to 5 to 2.
Five started in the mile and a quarts
run, and it was a very Blobbery affair.
The Lodestar money came [n early, cut
ting the odds to S to 6, and the boys on
the other hors. s rode ;<s though" they
hoppd the favorite would win. There was
no pace, and in the stretch "iskeets* 1 .Mar
tin on Lodestar drew away, winning
easily from Claudius. Tulare was a
bang-up third. Metaire made the pact
for a mile and th< n "blew up."
■; Fonsovannah and Morinel were
scratched from the mile pursp run, Iprv
ing it a throe-horse event. Torsida, with
Thorpe In the Baddle, ruled a strong fa
vorite !n the betting, and in a hard drive
downed the Coxrijcan entry Sardonic a
short bead. Glorian was close up.
The final six furlonsr selling dash caus
ed quite a commotion. it looked a
"cinch" for Conijran's recent acquisition.
Chihuahua, which was made a 8 to 5
chance, but in a drive the SO to 1 shot
Loch NV'ss beat the favorite out a
head. Piggott piloted the winner.
TRACK NOTES.
The last race proved a costly one for Kd
Corrlgan. .' He' ls reported to have lost $COO on
Chihuahua, and then Tom Cooke, owner of
Break o' Day. had the temerity to claim Mr.
Corrigans gelding, which was entered to be
sold for ' $400. It v.a- i =:hif fir?t appearance In
the colors of the fhlcac') turfman.
There was a heavy play <>n Rebel .Tack In the
betting on the first event, but Mclntyre failed
to make connections.
Trarpean has a thrr>,-it affection, cause. l by
Fickn^ss. which accounts for his stopping
proclivities.
Had Clawson, nn Sardonic, let the j>n.-.- |n
:ii mg behind Torsld •
Glorian, the Corrlgan entry would have about
landed the purse.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Three-quarters of a mile; purse.
S7 Rosormonde 1101 (927) Lady Ashley 110
850 N-glißence ......10* 927 Master Marlner.lU
(817)Sobco1 ii 2 942 San Antonio ....i"S
927 Oahu 110| 941 Bonnie lone ....U0
969 The Ace 106 P27 Sadie BchwarU.lo3
927 Little T G 1031 868 Miftleton 115
(946)Tempse 110 &59 Majur Hooker... 108
Second Rare — Seven-eighths <if a mile; selling.
lore i'"> 2 MS Wm Rom UR
934 Olive 104 ?41 Widow Jones ..102
ry.2il.iena KM 852 Fortuaa 109
PSO Zamar II IM 9* Turn Smith WS
660 San Mateo 107 1
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-lngleside Track-151st day of the
Winter Meeting, Tuesday, April 26, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
£|r>/"k FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-old maidens; purse, $350.
S4D joe _ev> i-Ki j- ... « -73 11 ... in i iiurpe «-.-> z
946 Ilosa 102 4 ... ■ ; 3H 3 2 ... 2 1 Mt-Intyre .... 10 12
916 Ootlleb I'M 5 ... 2 2 2V. ... 3h Clawpon 4 8
930 Hobenlabe 114 3 ... E 4 6!i ... 4 4 P!r,-gott 4 6
Index. Horses. Weight. |St.
946 Joe Levy 106 9
94t Itosa 102 4
916 Ootlieb I'M E
!i3O Hohenloli- 11l 3
927 Amasa 11l 1
9.10 Brown I'rlnce 104 8
946 Emma Rey 102 6
259 Ponuro 114 7
927 Aprona 108 2
&m. iim.
... ~6~mT
3 is
... 2 2
5 '^
'.'.'. 13'
• 9 •
... \i
. : h
6 1
.44
3 2
I
8 ',
1 *
7 M
. 9 .
Str.
Fin.
1 n
2 1
3 h
4 4
52
6 4
73
85
9
8-5
10
4
4
2
ir.
10
15
6
927 Amasa 11l 1 ... 13 1% ... 52 Cole 2 2
HO lirown I'rlnce 104 8 ... 9 7 4 ... 6 4 Walnright ... ir. 100
<<46 Emma Rey 102 6 ... -4% 8 4 ... 73 McDonald ... 10 20
289 Pr.ngo 114 7 ... 7 h 9 ... 8 5 Cairns 15 X
K_ A].r-i.a _9 2 ... 81 5_4 9 Woods 6 10
Time, 1:15%. Winner, B. Schrelbcr's b. g-. by George Klnr.ey-Ollvette. Good start.
Won first thmp driving.
OO| SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
•X.
949 Arh 10!>! 5
949 Bante.no 104! 1
:■::<: Bonlbel 10fi| 2
945 The Frettor 106 3 .
936 Hannah Reid 1031 4
3 h
1 1
2 1
4 3
E
3 2
2 2
1 4
4 3
6
2 h
3 4
1 h
4 3
5
1 h
2 n
3 3
4 2
rj
la-yion
IgKOtt
'oods
(iwson
3-2 11
2 7-
2 11-
6
50 1(
nos |
Time. I:o2ii. Winner, B. Currigan's b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-imp. Merrimac.
start. Won first three driving.
962.
THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles;
purse, $!00.
Felling; four-year-olds and upward;
Jiiii'x. Horses. Weight.
928 Lodestar. 4 108
M 9 Claudius, a 110
9. r >s Tulare, 4 110
'.■'.') Mftalre, 5 110
938 Litti" Cripple, a.... 110
ISt. Std.
j 2 3 4
3 4 2
5 E
1 1 1
4 2 1
Mm.
3 h
4 14
6
1 14
2 __
'.■■'..
3 n
4 2
5
1 4
2 1
%m.
4 1
3 n
5
14
_ 24
Str,
2 1
4 h
5
1 4
3fr
Fin. I Jockeys.
1 1 H. MartlnTTZ
2 h PlKgott
3 h Weaver
4 1 Gouln
M'lntyr- ....
2
2
I
3
8
Tim<\ 2:l^. Winner, A. J. Btemler ft <'<>.'s eh. g. by imp. Midlothian-Starlight.
?t;irt. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Good
Q£>O FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index.
(947) Torsida N
(942) Sardonic !
947 Glorlan 1'
1
2
3
2 1
3
1 1
2 24
3
1 h
1 h
3
21}
1 4
3
24
1 h
2 1
3
orpe
iWBon
rgott !
1-2
3
3
3-5
3
4
Time. 1:42%.
three driving^
Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. t. by Torso- Judith.
Good start.
Won first
•
FIFTH RACE— One and a half miles; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
/
920 Morelllto, 3..... Mil 4 2 3 4 42 41 34 In Woods ....... 2 3
ft'.fi Ostler Joe, 6....... llf> : 3 6 6 5 5. 432 ns Thorpe 3 5
(MS) Grady. 5-.!. 1« 5 12 114 11 114 14 3H Cole S 15
(956) Won't Dance, 5 116! 4 Z% 4 2 3h 2 1 2% 410 Clayton ...... 6-5 4-5
814 Fla^hllKht. 6........n0| 2 214 2 1 2 1 3 h 5 5 Plggott ...... 6 15
Time 2:37U- "Winner, Wllmans Bros.' br. c. by Morello-Mlss Cromwell.' Good start. Won
first three 'driving. ■ --■ ..■■•■' : •■■ '•■'•■ ■ ■■
q/j SIXTH RACE— furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
a
>c
..........I
on ......
>tt
2
3
6-5
6
3
5
15
4-5
15
*JOO. - ■'..■■ ■ .-
Index. Horses. Weight. ISt. Y m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
952 Loch Ness, 4 V
860 <nihuahua. 3 1'
852 Imp. Mistral 11, 4..1
fill Rfl.el Jark. 3 1<
931 Br^ak o' Day, 4 V
... Trappean, 5 1'
... Mike Rice, 5 If
9f>o Midas, 6 11
7
2
4
5
8
1
6
3
3y, .
1 V 4
5 %
r:/'Bv--;-..
6 V,
.41
2 1
7 3
3 V 4
1 4
64
S
64
4 4
2 1
7 1
24
1-4:
4 4
7 2
C 1
3 h
fi 1
8
1 h
2 3.
3 4
4 3
52
6 2
7 4
8
rgott ....:.
Lwson
nnessy ....
Intyre ....
->rpe
iwley
Narvaez...
>ver j
10
3-5
4
8
4
30
30
20
20
3-5
8
6
6
50
150
100
Time, 1::
Won flret tl
Winner, H. L. Frank's eh. 0. by Imp. Invernese-Butterfly.
driving-
Good start.
-
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
Third Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
537 Zarro 113 ! 943 Florimel 10R
?o.'i Zaraida 108 890 Claudiana 108
965 Justine 10S ISO Quwn Blazes ...10S
852 Twinkle Twlnk.lOSi 657 Nlc Nac 11l
Fourth Race— The Corripan Stakes; value,
$1500; five-eighths of a mile; two-year-olds.
(033)Ollnthus 123| 949 Master Lee 113
91.". Ptrontroll n3(Soo)Sombre 120
933 Excursion 113 949 Baby King 113
(945) Milt Young 121
Fifth Race — One and a sixteenth miles; en
tries close at the track to-day at 9 a. m.
Sixth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; allow
ances.
9M Bernardillo 108 955 Stentor 101
897 Summertime ...109 955 Pleasanton 108
626 Cabrillo 114 929 Salvation 107
929 Pasha 104 959 Joe Mussle 104
943 Naranja 99 955 William 08....107
931 Frank James.... 101 928 Tenacity 104
959 The Dragon ....107 940 Rapido 104
869 Mirambo 107 i 881 Walter J 107
.
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
Fln»t Race— San Antonio, Rosormonde, Negli
gence.
Second Race— Zamar 11, Olive, Lena.
Third Race— Twinkle Twink, Justine, Claud
iana.
Fourth Race— Ollnthus, Sombre, Excursion.
Fifth Race — Entries not given.
Sixth Race— Bernardillo, Cabrillo, Summer
time.
MAY HAVE TO
FORCE THE SAFE
Treasurer Reis Unable to Get
at Nearly Half a Million
Dollars.
.:,•■■
The Grand Jury Told How Wldber
Performed the Act of Transmut
ing Silver Into Gold.
■ • -'■•-'■■. "'"'<
Treasurer Reis expects to open the of
fice of the city treasury to-day, and will
at once begin to receive deposits from the
various city officers. Heretofore it has
been the custom to issue salary demands
on the Saturday preceding the first of the
month, but owing to the disturbance cre
ated in the Treasurer's office by the de
falcation of Widber, they will not be is
sued until next Monday. All other claims,
however, will be paid as heretofore.
Owing to the accidental disturbance of
the combination of one of the big safes in
the Treasurer's vault. It may be neces
sary to bore into it in order to get at the
money locked up in it. It contains $424,
003 50. This is the safe out of which Wlu
bcr stole about $76,000. Chief Lees is cred
ited with the responsibility of this con
tretemps. If the safe has to be forcibly
opened it will be a thirty hours' task.
Treasurer Reis has agreed to accept the
statements of those who counted the
money in this safe when the count was
made to discover the extent of Widber's
stealings, subject, however, to a count by
himself "when the safe i« opened.
Judge Troutt has been generally credit
ed with having assisted the Mayor and
Auditor in the count made of the money
in possession of Widber's office on March
25. As a matter of fact, he has not as
sisted in this count for nt least five
months past. It has been the custom to
have a different Superior Judge assist in
the count every month. At the last count
of Widber'a cash Judge Bahrs represent
ed the Superior Court.
It has been a matter of speculation as
to how Widber managed to make the ex
change of silver for the gold in the sacks
In the safe without' attracting the atten
tion of the attaches of the office. At the
investigation before the Grand Jury Mon
day this mystery was explained. It ap
pears that Widber had prepared himself
by having the necessary amount of sil
ver in his private office. He would con
vey a 15000 sack of gold into his otßce un
der his coat, make the substitution, and
then carry the sack of silver back into
the safe in the same manner that he had
abstracted the gold. He always chose a
time when there was no one but himself
or only one of the deputies in the office.
—•-.
A Good Chance for an Outing.
William EL Menton is to personally con
duct the excursion that will go down to
the different summer resorts and camp
ing places on the narrow-gauge line to
Santa Cruz on Sunday next. Inasmuch as
the affair will be under the management
of Mr. Menton it is hardly necessary to
pay that it is sure to be an unqualified
success. The trains wi'.l leave in the
morning so as to connect with the 745
from this side, the 7:4." train from
the Fourteenth-street narrow-gauge sta
tion in Oakland and the 8:20 train from
Park-street station, Alameda. Stops will
be made at Boulder Creek and at all the
favorite camping places along the line
bo thai every one will thus be enabled to
I his own chosen spot of recreation
The train will return so as to deposit its
tigers in this city at 8:20 in the even-
Ing of the same day. The faro will be
$1.25 for the round trip.
Sent to the Insane Asylum.
Mrs. Man" Brunwing, a wealthy widow,
who created a disturbance in the Occi
dental Hotel several nights ago. was ad-
Jadged insane yesterday and committed
to the asylum at Stockton.
RING & BAKER, 1302 Market street
sell "STANDARD" shirts. •
ADVOCATES THE
DARWIN THEORY
Rev. T. C. Williams Scoffs
at the Creation of
Man.
Says That His Coming Was
the Final Term of Zoologi
cal Evolution.
The Pacific Unitarian Conference
Opened Last Evening—Trie Pro
gramme for To- Day.
Rev. Theodore C. Williams is evidently
a stanch supporter of Darwin and his
theories, if the remarks which he made
before the fourteenth session of the Pa
cific Unitarian Conference are to be be
lieved.
The gentleman was on the programme
for the opening lecture, and he announc
ed to his audience that he had chosen for
his subject "LJid Jesus Protest Against
Miracle? Did He Reject the Supernat
ural?"
He spoke at length against miracles,
trying to show that it was against the
scientific luws to have such tnings hap
pen. As he drifted on in his subject he
came to the creation of man, at which
time he made the following statement:
"God always works by universal laws,
and does not accomplish his ends without
means. He has no sudden 'Mat lux.' but
the slow production of the light giving j
suns and stars. There is no 'let us make j
man from tne dust of the ground,' but |
the appearance of man is the .inal term
of zoological evolution. Ti.ere is no "res
urrection of the flesh'; and man's only
hope of immortality is in some higher
law than the flesh manifest. There is !
no prophet, no Bible separated in kind
or in manner of production from all other
men and books or without a background
of historic evolution."
He further said that Jesus is supposed
to be the example of all, but it was im
possible to follow him and copy his ac
tions if he started to doing supernatural
things.
His paper was listened to with consid
erable Interest by the large number of
people present.
The conference, which is being held at
the Second Unitarian Church, Will con- !
tlnue for three days. The closing day, |
Saturday, the delegates have been in- |
vited by' the ladies of the First Unitarian I
Church to attend a lecture and recital at i
their church. At t..at time Alfred W.
Martin will sptuk on "Wagner and the
Music of the Future."
The programme for to-uay is as fol
lows:
9:30 a. m.— Devotional service, led by Dr. T.
L. Eliot.
in a. m.— Busings sessfon. Address of wel
come, Horace Davis, president of conference;
response. Hon. J"hn D. Works of Los Angeles;
rei> rt r,t treasurer; report of headquarters'
committee; report .if Pacific Unitarian; reports
from churches; inljournment.
■2 p. m.— "The Basis of Our Religious Belief,"
Rev. \V. IS. Geoghegan, Hfrkeley; discussion,
led by Dr. Eliot and I>r. Stebblns.
3:30 p. m.— "Church TSuildlng and Church
Support," Rev. N. A. Haskell, San Jose: dis
cussion, led by F. J. Symmes and Charles L.
Welter.
4:30 p. m. — Adjournment.
6 p. m.— Unitarian Club Dinner at Merch
ants' Club, California and Sansome streets.
Topic, "Poets and Poetry;," speakers — Profes
mr K. H. CJrigKs, T. L. Eliot, D.D., Horace O.
Platt, Rev. T. C. William*.
THE ALASKA TRADE HERE.
Information From the Bureau Gives
Assurance of Success for
This City.
The bureau having charge-of the Alas
ka trade for this city gives out encourag
ing reports, and adds that if the mer
chants only aid the bureau in its work
a good deal of the trade can be secured
for this port.
The report of the bureau is as follows:
While some (if the merchants who h;ive
been approached for assistance toward the
support of the Alaska Information Bureau of
th.» California Stat» Board of Trade Insist
that the hn.,m lias burst, yet we learn from
th.- committee'! headquarters that people are
dropping in (mm day to day from all points
of the compass who are on their way to
Alaska, and that v majority of them are out
fitting in thin city. The advertising done by
the bureau la bringing a good many inquiries,
and all indications go to show that the In
clination of those poing by way of the Yukon
is to ship fr..m Sun Francisco. The commit
tee is fully Informed as to the advantages
which San Francisco has to offer as an out
fitting point, and Is losing no effort to impress
Its correspondents accordingly.
The advance guard of a party of about forty
from Boston are now In the city, and will se
cure thi>ir outfits here. They have inves
tigated the situation at the different ports on
the Pacific and concede that Pan Francisco
has better goods, at lower prloeK, than any
other point is offering.
One of the latest inquiries is from Reading.
Pa., by Henry P. Green, who writes on be
half of himself and five others who are go-
Ing to Dawson, to know what advantages San
Francisco can offer In the way of outfitting
material, including mining machinery, trans
portation facilities, boats, shelter tents, cloth
ing, provisions, etc.. etc.
The bureau believes that with one-half the
support that was given to the old Alaska
Trade Committee they could bring the ma
jority of the Yukon travel this way.
An agent Is out among t^e merchants solicit
ing for subscriptions, and is meeting with
some success. Since our last report Horleln &
Krurab, Ames & Harris, B. T. Allen. Johnson
& Lock p. Murphy-'irant, L. Levy, the Alaska
Commercial Company, the Ferry Drug Com
pany, The Alaska Prospectors' Syndicate and
the Pacific Marine Supply Company have
come forward with subscriptions varying
from ?."■ to J2."< a month. The bureau Is en
eouragod by this support to enlarge its field
of aaafullMM, and if the subscriptions, which
aggregate $117 a month, are quadrupled, they
fp'-l that they can do San Francisco full Jus
tice in diverting travel this way.
Estates in Probate.
Samuol Goldstein, who died on the 21st
inst., left an estate valued at $15,000, to be
distributed among relatives.
Moses Franklin has left a $5000 estate, to
be distributed principally among the He
braic charitable institutions of the city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medioai Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
Btrength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciatipn of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving etrength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great c.ass
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how eesy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
Btitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* art
requested to write without delay.
SWALLOWED A
GOLD PIECE
Base Ingratitude of E. J.
Brooks, a Confirmed
Dope Fiend.
Robbed Mrs. Ornstein, an Old
Lady, Who Was to Give
Him Money.
He Was Chased and Captured and
Will Have to Answer a Charge
of Grand Larceny.
E. J. Brooks, a physical wreck from
the excessive use of morphine, was ar
rested yesterday about noon and book
ed at the City Prison on a charge of
grand larceny.
Brooks proved himself an ungrateful
scamp. At the corner of Leavenworth
and O'Farrell streets he went up to
Mrs. Ornstein, an old lady living at 703
Geary street, and her daughter, and
begged for money to enable him to get
a meal. His appearance enlisted the
sympathy of the old lady and she pull
ed out her purse and was about to
hand Brooks what she thought was a
25-cent piece, when her daughter said,
"Why, mother, that is a ten-dollar gold
piece."
Brooks grabbed hold of her hand and
snatched the gold piece. He ran south
on Leavenworth street and Mrs. Orn
stein raised an alarm. J. Morton of
207 Taylor street was close by, and
when he learned the facts he started
in pursuit of Brooks. He overtook him
at Taylor street, and notwithstanding
his struggles held him. A crowd had
Joined in the chase and began shout
ing for the police. Morton took Brooks
as far as his house, as he wanted to
get a police whistle, and while there
Brooks succeeded in breaking away
from him.
The chase was continued and after
running about three blocks Morton
overhauled Brooks and again got a
firm grip on him. He held him till Po
liceman J. F. Welch made his appear
ance and Brooks was taken to the
prison, Morton accompanying them.
Brooks was carefully searched at the
prison, but the ten-dollar gold piece
could not be found. He seemed to be
suffering pain and the conclusion was
arrived at that he had swallowed the
coin. When pressed to say what he
had done with the coin he refused to
answer.
Mrs. Ornstein called at the prison to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free Trial to Any
Reliable Man.
Weak Men Restored, or No
Expense for Treatment,
A Course of Remedies — the mar-
. vel of medical science— Appar-
. atus indorsed by physicians will be
' sent ON TRIAL, WITHOUT AD-
VANCE PAYMENT. If not all we
claim, return them at our expense. •
f^SIX SCIENCE TRIMMING
12"*rV^__THE LAMP OK v
MEN WHO ARE WEAK,
BROKEN DOWN, DISCOUR-
AGED. '". Men who suffer from the
effects of disease, over-work, worry,
from the follies of youth or the ex-
cesses of manhood, from unnatural
: drains, weakness or lack of develop-
ment of any organ, failure of vital
forces, unfitness for marriage — all
such men should "come to the
fountain head " for a scientific
method of marvelous power to vital-
ize, develop, restore and sustain.
On request we will send description
and particulars, with testimonials,
in plain sealed envelope. (No
C. O. D. imposition or other decep-
tion.) Cut out this offer or mention
paper. Address
ERIE MEDICAL CO.. Buffalo, N. Y.
PChldiMtcr's Knglltih Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
— <&^w Original and Only Gennlne. A . ■
a«rc, always reliable, ladies ask /TV
Jb-jSik-jJUL Drn^irlst far'CMchesttrt English Dia-£B\SL
s*%f9^tgE?«&mond Brand in Bed and Gold metallle
Tjg> — OBJijboxM, ti'iied vltli blue ribbon. Take VSr
1^ UJno other. Ri/uit dangtrout tubatitu- V
I / ~ fw tiont and imitation*. Ai Druspisti, orarad^a,
I W 0 " itampt for particslan, letter, b/retoni
If B " Kellef far Ladle*," in Utter, bj retnra
— X IT MbII. 10,000 Tcstimonltli. H—u Paper.
1 > — — /Cnlehe.tor Chcmlcul Co..Mndl»<w liqiara,
ft*U bj aU Local Drujglsti. PIIILAOA., PAi
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy -for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A Kieat Restorative,
. Invlgorator and Nervine. . Bells on its : own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, AL.FS -&. BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Q vwt DR. JORDAN'S o«**
«^c Museum of finaiomy
JqnreV ICBI UABIXT ST. let C'.h i 7th, S. F. CiL
m V The Largf«iofli«kiodlntt.«^-or:d.
I fmjk, \ DR. JORDAN— Prlvale Diseases.
■1 HvVir V Coniultatton free. Write for B«ok
W I of Marriage.
, a Vtt .. .*•". . mailco r»fc.
The ptira essential extract from tbe nfttire drnjr. Cnit*
' tains all tbe valuable medicinal properties of Opjuia'
wltnout 'ta noxioux element.*. - No sickness cf ston:
so Tomlt.ug |no costlveness ,no bcadaebe. All l»nii.v tj,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARN AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
. modeled. &nd renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. - Rooms BOc to $1 50 day;
J6 to $S week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire gTates in every
room ; elevator runs - all .- night. ■:■■:-, ... . - ls_> . . .■ ■
ascertain if the gold piece had been
recovered and was disappointed when
informed that no trace of it could be
found. She explained that her eye
sight is not good and that was the
reason she had taken the gold coin
out of her purse instead of the quar
ter. She was very indignant at the
ingratitude of Brooks and said she
would be present in court to-day to
prosecute him.
AMATEUR BOXING BOUTS.
The Excelsior and Manhattan Clubs
Entertain on Friday Evening.
Two amateur athletic clubs will clash
on Friday evening. The Excelsior Ath
letic Club and the Manhattan Athletic
Association will give boxing entertain
ments at their respective places of
amusement.
The Manhattans appear to be first in
the field, consequently the Excelsiors
should, by courtesy, have selected some
other date than the one named for their
athletic exhibition. Both clubs have ex
cellent programmes, and doubtless large
gatherings of sport lovers will be present
at each place. The event of the evening
at the Excelsior Club will be an eight
round contest between Billy Otts and
Jack Greenfield.
Nick Burley writes that Tom Sharkey
has amonc the men whom he defeated
the name of Nick— not Old Nick, but
Nick Burley, the 160-pound smasher, who
is ready to meet Bob Fitzslmmons or any
other man who carries a title. Burley
says that the police stopped the fight in
the eig-hth round, and doubtless it was
fortunate for Nick that the officers were
so convenient to the ring.
Young Griffo, the harum-scarum pugil
ist of Australia, will meet "Bull" McCar
thy in a twenty-round contest before the
Sacramento Athletic Club this evening.
Griffo, although erratic, is unquestiona
bly a very clever boxer, and if his oppo
nent is fairly clever the members of the
club will be treated to a very pretty ex
hibition of clever hitting and "stopping.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
Monday, April 18 the Daughters of :
Montezuma gave a party in Ruby Hall, ;
Red Men's building, at which there was !
presented a pleasing programme, the i
mysteries of the grrab bag, and then a !
dance. The programme included a whist- !
ling solo by Miss Abbie Ewing, song and ;
dance by a charming little tot, Baby i
Zela Cook; vocal solo by Mrs;. Lena Jar- !
vis, the rattling of the bones by Mr
Crackbon, songs by the "Osceola Injuns'* I
in costume, and recitation by E. J. Learv
There was no end to the amount 6f '
amusement produced by the drawing of i
I'rizt- packages from the* grab bag, and as '
for the dancing, that was enjoyed by all
who love waltz or polka. The" ladies of
this council are energetic and deserving !
of appreciation and encouragement from
their many friends and members of the
order for their efforts to please.
Yosemite Council had an enioyable mas
querade party recently, at which there i
was a largo attendance. The council is I
preparing to give a novel entertainment
at a date to be announced.
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Human U;iths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis. Bowling. Billiards, Croquet.
Handball Shurrlebuard. Livery and Burros for
the children.
HATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTL.BTT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
CMRLSBMD! '
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT. IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $S to $10 per we?k;
roads excellent;- good trout fishing and deer
huntlnr on property. For particulars write W.
R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad,. Lake- County. §
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO ' COUNTY.
Board for summer months; private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and families. MRS.
M. HANSEN. ' ;__ ;
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved; rates $10 to $1S
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
.T. A. HAYS, Proprietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottnees: terms $10 to *12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL,
Proprietor. Hopland, Cal. ':-'.. . .
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
•new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and ■ bathing fr<»e:
$8 to $14 per week; round trip. $9 CO. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.,. Bertha P. 0., Lake County. Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTB, \.
LAKE COUNTY— the plrfes; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game presei've; beautiful
scenery; purest lx; coldest water; good, shoot-
ing; fine trout fishing; vegetables, from our own
garden: unexcelled table; home • comforts. L.
B. FRASIER, Sanhedrin P. O. . . .
SU/V\7V\ER HOmEjFfIRM.;
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting arid fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Olenwood, Cal. : : • : '--. • '.:■ •
HOTEL LARKSPUR. i
NOW OPEN. ' . ' NEW MANAGEMENT.
, Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives.
:: HOPKINS & CO., Proprietors. ;
■'•■.■•'■ Larkspur.' Marin County, Cal: .
LONGIA/O9D
FRUIT FARM. ; AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references. Send for illustrated pam-
■ phlet. Address . G. M. SHOULTS & SON.
Napa, Cal.. ; ' . ■ . ', : •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTH CATECHISM.
To Be Committed to Memory by All
Dyspeptics, Invalids and
Consumptives.
What is the first cause of nine-tenths
of all disease?
Imperfect digestion of food.
Why does imperfect digestion cause
disease of other organs?
Because blood, nerves, muscle, bone
and flesh are derived from the food we
e-it and digest. If digestion is perfect
the blood is pure, nerves and muscles
strong, flesh firm. If the digestion is
poor, the blood is supplied from haif-
digested, fermenting food, irritating
every nerve and organ. The result is,
sooner or later, organic disease, be-
cause every organ being poorly nour-
ished the weakest gives way first and
we have liver trouble, kidney com-
plaints, heart disease or consumption.
Is not dieting the usual and best
treatment to cure indigestion?
No, because the dyspeptic has been
starved long enough; what is needed
i is abundant nourishment, not the lack
!of it. The stomach and blood demand
nutriment, not bran crackers.
What is the best method of cure?
Plenty of wholesome food well di-
gested.
But how can a weak stomach digest
I plenty Qf wholesome food?
By taking with the food after each
meal certain harmless remedies which
are known to digest food and thug
nourish the biood and rest the weak
stomach.
What are these harmless remedies?
The most valuable are vegetable fer-
ments, pure pepsin. Golden Seal and
fruit salts. All of these are now com-
bined in the form of pleasant tasting-
tablets sold by druggists under the
name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Are these tablets superior to the va-
rious liquid preparations so called dy-
spepsia cures?
Most decidedly, because all liquid
medicines become stale \vitb age and
lose whatever good qualities they may
have had originally, while the tablet re-
tains its properties indefinitely. Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets can be carried in
the pocket, always at hand ready fop
use when traveling or at daily occupa-
tion. They cost but 50 cents and should
be kept in every family. They keep
the digestion perfect and save doctor's
bills by warding off disease.
Are Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
adapted to all forms of dyspesia?
Yes, because in all cases the troublo
results from indigested, fermenting
food. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets causa
the food to be digested before It has
time to ferment.
If you wish to know more about
them ask your druggist for a package
| and try them.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
'THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
* springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tar.k. baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations- rates
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets
Pan Francisco office. 3IG Montgomery street!
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATUREVS WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming i^ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Trtffgraph. etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTOX, Proprietor.
OR/ 1 PPO HOT BPBDTGS, Sonoma Co.
.I IV fill II 1 Only 4 * nours from s - F - and
UHnVWU but 9 miles" staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate: good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a.
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeat«
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN. Angwin. Napa County. Cal.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff. 193
miles; fare, $t> 45; daily stage to springs. 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflea
In hotel: rates. $10 and up; send for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. \V AIR-
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantage*; salubrious llmate: pic-
turesque scenery: mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium.' St. Helena. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co..
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake: fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing; rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot In Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
! & BURLINGAME, Proprietors. Soda Bay,
j Kelseyvllle, Lake County. Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpais Station, Ross Valley, near San Ra-
fael. Cottages and tents, with oh without
board. Dancing pavilion. Salt water bathing.
MRS. PETER SMITH. Proprietress.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 12<)0 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT, Napa, Cal.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains. Blackburn Gulch. 5
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
the ranch; good table and pleasant surround-
ings. Terms, $5 per week. Address W.
CRANDELL. Santa Cruz.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In th.3 Ur.lted
States or Canada one year for $1 00, postaga
i tree.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver higher.
Wheat continues to Jump.
Wheat freights higher. »
Barley steady, but q.ulei_
Oats and Corn unchanged.
Flour advanced 25 cents. Other MillstufTs
Stiff.
Beans and Dried Peas higher.
Hay BCarce and firm.
Straw h:ird t.< get
Potatoes weak. Onions steady.
Green Peas higher and Asparagus lower.
Butter lower. Eggs unchanged.
Poultry declined.
Cherries in light receipt.
Strawberries lower.
Oranges and Lemons unchanged.
Considerable change In Provisions.
Hides and Leather steadier.
M : s dull.
Prunes and Honey still sell well.
H rs lower. Other Meats unchangis*.
Oils aa before.
mXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature i
for the days: those underneath It, If any, the '
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the , ast twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure: Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high I
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres- '
Fure and is usually preceded and accompanied |
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually !
first appear on t v Washington ?oast. When i
the pressure 19 high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north !
and south along the coast, rain is probable; :
but when th" "low" is inclosed with lso v ars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of !
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Call- !
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The :
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, April 26. sp. m. I
Following are the rainfalls for the. past \
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to I
date, as compared with those of. the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.01 31.21 43.73
R< ! Bluff 0 12.30 24.13
Sacramento 0 8.87 17.26
San Francisco 0 7 7.". 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 10.62
San Luis Oblspo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Ingelea 0 5.26 16 76
San Diego 0 4. 1S 11.
Yuma 0 1.66 5.33
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 6S; !
minimum, 4S; mean, 58
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
TKe pressure has risen very rapidly during
the past twelve hours over the northwestern
portion of the Pacific Slope. Over Northwest
ern Washington the rise is nearly half an IncU.
The temperature lias fallen rapidly over Idaho i
and Western Montana. It has fallen slowly
In the interior of California. The temperatures !
in the great valleys of California are from 13 I
to IS degrees above the normal.
Rain has fallen in Washington, Eastern Ore
gon and Montana.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Spokane, 2ii miles per hour from th« '
northwest; Idaho Falls, 52 southwest; Lander,
2S southwest; Winnemucca, 3S southwest; Eu
reka, 34 northwest.
F recast: made at San Francisco for thirty
hours • ndlng at midnight, April 27, IS9S:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; colder
In the interior; northerly winds In the interior; !
fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy Wednesday;
fresh northerly winds.
Nevada— Wednesday.
Utah — Cloudy Wednesday; colder.
Arizona— Wednesday; colder east.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
fresh nortuwesterly winds.
Special import from Mount Tamalpais. taken !
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind west. 12 miles per
|<mr; temperature, 66; maximum. 72.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
: NEW YORK, April 26.— Prices of (stocks i
ewung lazily upward to-day, covering about ,
the same range as in the downward course of !
yesterday. It was a traders market, as was j
that of yesterday. Xv operations on a large
'scale were ventured upon, nor Is there any
outside Interests in the market aside from
tome desultory buying of small lots through
commission houses. To-day's advance, how- j
ever, coon put a stop even to this, as the bid- j
ding of this character comes from bargain
hunters whose orders are placed upon a scale
of prices downward. The market was so nar
row that the buying for London account was
quite a conspicuous feature, though in itself
small, but this buying is rather significant in
spite of its small volume. It was . induced by
the declarations ot ' neutrality on the part of
Ureat Britain, France, and . Mexico and intima
tions ol a similar attitude suon to be adopted
by other powers. The demand for Americans
in London was stimulated also by the strength
of the general markets, which were active and
etrong on the easier money conditions. This
ttrength reflected from:. London .was. sufficient
to induce the local traders to take the bull side
tor a short turn. While there was no reaction
i>f any note during the day none of the promi
nent stocks made large net gains. A few less
active stocks . showed conspicuous movements.
Hpirlts preferred rose -'_ and Delaware and
luilM»n and Detroit Gas 2 points each.
Sugar, Tobacco and the grangers made up the
liulk of the dealings. The money market con
tinues to attract much interest and attention.
Heseryes continue to l>e pretty closely held
tgainst future contingency. The demand from
the interior for currency, which . had almost
.ceased last week, has regained some force. It
is Impossible to forecast how far this demand
■will go, and It Is the main spring of the situa
tion. The United States Treasury has given
notice in effect that it needs all of its supply
of small currency, and the local banks are
obliged to meet the demand from the interior
almost altogether by shippinc gold. This is
likely to act as a check to that demand, for
bUli are desired rather than gold coin. There
was another advance In the rate of exchange
to-day, carrying it well above the gold import
point. The rate of discount In London and
Berlin was about equally lower to-day. Both
of these quotations reflect a subsidence of
rehenaion here ol the likelihood of any strin
gency. Probably Government payments for
purchases of war material made abroad are not
without some effect in giving strength to the
market.
The bond market showed weakness early in
the day, and there were later recoveries in
some cases, making the net changes mixed
Total .sales. U. 100,000. .
United States old , 4s declined % per cent In
the bsd prices, while other issues were un
changed, i
Total sales of stocks to-day were 127.6u0
shares. Including: Burlington, 12,845; Manhat
tan, 3300; Northern Pacific preferred, 3621; Rock
Island, .'.23:. ; .St. Paul, 1j,770; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 5'J42; American Spirits, . 4705; Tobacco,
10,290; Sugar. 30,610.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 10% St P & Om 68
£>o pref 24 Do nref ........ 140
Baltimore & Ohio 15% St P M & M rSO
Canada Pacific ... JVA So Pacific ........ 12M,
Canada Southern. 45 So Railway ...... "Vi
.Cent Pacific ..... 11 Do pref 24% i.
Ches Ohio 11% Texas <V Pacific... U>4
Chi & Alton 152 Union Pac.fic .... EOV&
Chi B & Q 83% r P D & G...... 5%
Chi &E 111 4Sk Wabash f.14
CCC &St L,.... 2<! Do pref 16Vi
Do Pref 70 Wheel & L E.T.T. 1%
Del & Hudson ... 105 Do pref ..;..... 8%
Del L & W....... 141 Express Companies-
Den &R G 10 Adams Ex ..97
Do pref American Ex ....120
Erie (new) lHilUnited States .... 37
Do Ist pref .... 31 i,iWells Fargo 114
Ft Wayne 166 ; Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 144 jA Cot Oil 16%
Hucklng \ alley .. 54 Do pref 674
Illinois Cent 97 Amn Spriits 10%
! Lake Erie & W... 13Vs Do pref 28
i Do pref 69Vi Am Tobacco 101
j Lake Shore 190 Do pref 1134
Louis & Nash ... 46V4 People's Gaa SS%
j Manhattan L .... V 2&* Cons Gas 171
Met St ny 135% Com Cable Co 130
Mich Cent l 00»« Col F & Iron IS
Minn & St L Zi | Do pref l«i
Do Ist pref .... 7S Gen Electric ..... 30H
Mo Pacific 25Vi Illinois Steel 44
Mobile & 0hi0... 24 Laclede Gas 41
Mo K. & T 10 Lead 27%
Do pref 31 Do pref i»9
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat I,in Oil -.....' M
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 26
N J Central 90% Pacific Mall 21%
N V Central .... 107"4 Pullman Pal 16S
N V Chi & S L... 11% Silver Cert 66%
Do Ist nref .... 63 IStand R & T 3%
Do 2d pref .... 2S (Sugar 116
Nor We«t 11 j Do pref 1044
No Amer Co s>s T C & Iron IS%
No Pacific 22% U S leather 5%
Do ref f>!'\ Do pref ufi 7
Ontario & \V 13% U B Rubber 1."4
Or R & Nay 42 Do i>ref 61
Or Short Line ... 20 West I/nion BoV*
Plttsburg 166 Chi & N W 116
Reading 15% Do nref 172
Do Ist pref .... 37 ROW 23
i Rock Island 83**, Do rref 53
St L & S F 6U St L & S W 3^i
Do Ist pref .... 54% Do pref 8%
Do 2d pref .... 23 Chi O W 10^
St Paul 85% Haw Com Co .... IS>4
Do pref 139% I
CLOSING BONDS.
U E new 4s reg.. 117 Do 4b 102
Do coup 118% No Pac lsts 113
U S 4s 106 Do 3s 67%
Do coup 107 Do 4s 90%
Do 2ds 94 N YC & S L 4s. 110
U S 6s reg 109% Nor & W 6s 115%
Do 5s coup 1104 Northwstrn cons. 13S
I District 3.65s 112 Do deb 6s ....... 114
Ala class A 1084 O Nay lsts 110
Do B .-. 10S% O Nay 4s K9%
Do C P0 O S Line 6s tr.... 118
Atchison 4s SSV; O S Line 5s tr.... 96
Do adj 4s 66% O Imp lsts tr.... 101%
Can So 2ds 104 I)o 5s tr 474
Chi Term 4s SI Pacific Cs of 95... 102%
C & Ohio 5s 113 Reading 4s 77%
C H & D 4%s 104% R G W lßts 79
D& R G lsts 10S SL & IMC 65.. S«%
D & n G 4s 87 SL& SF G 65.. 112
Fast Term lsta.. 103 St P Con 139
Erie Gen 4s 6$ St PO & P lsts.. 114
FW & D lsta tr. 674 Do 5s 11l
Gen Elec 5s 96 So Ry 5s 57%
OH&S A6s 1015 Stand R & T 65.. 55
Do 2ds 103 Term nr-w set 35.. 85
H*T Cos .-. 108 T & P L G lsts.. 97V 4
Do con 6s 110 Do Rg 2ds 29' i
lowa C lsts 97 UPD & G lgts.. 50%
La new cons 45... 00 Wab Ist 5s 106
L & N Unt 45.... S3 Do 2 s 75
Mlsouri 6s 100 \V Ehore 4s 104
M K& T 2ds 5S Va Centuries .... 65
Do 4s 53% Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lsts.. 113 r p pref 60%
N J C 5s 109 U P 4s SS*i
N Carolina 6s 120
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 18 Ontario 8 PO
Crown Point 10 Ophir 35
Con Cal & Va 60 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry 15 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 40 ' Sierra Nevada ... 65
Homestake 37 o*l standard 160
Iron Silver 44 Union Con 15
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket .... 05
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April 26.— Atchlson. 10%; Bell Tele
phone, 245; Burlington, S&%; Mexican Central,
4%. _ ;_
LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK. April 26.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: To-day's
markets generally were bettor, an upward
movement being led by consols and similar
stocks on the large arrivals of gold. But for
one weak spot the market might almost be de
scribed as healthy. After the recent shake
out the black spot is the West Australian min
ing market, where the difficulties of the opera
tor referred to yesterday are so huge that the
matter Is not yet finally arranged and may in
volve new failures.
The differences to be met exceed £25C.000.
Spanish and American securities were com
paratively neglected, but Canadian Pacifies and
Grand Trunks have been bought on rumors of
a speedy end of the rate war. Americans
closed firm. Spain Is said to t>e buying silver
In London, but I cannot confirm it.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. 79% ; Grand Trunk. 8. Bar
Silver, steady, 26 l-16d per ounc. Money, 'I'a
2't per cent.
PARIS, April 26, 4 p. m.— Spanish 4s closed at
34 ",-16. a net loss of 5-lii from yesterday's clos
ing price.
MADRID, April 26.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 57.25. Gold was quoted at 74.25.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 2fi.— FLOl'R— Receipts,
It3,3GG barrels; exports, 1u.1.'.S barrels; winter
patents, $5 26@5 75; winter straights, $". ■: :. L..;
Minnesota patents, $GijsC su; Minnesota
bakers, $4 60Q a.
WHEAT— Receipts, 119,32. r i bushels; exports,
115. 77S bushels. Spot unsettled; No. 2 red,
$1 23^2 f.o.b. afloat; Options opened strong
and excited, retaining the advance until mid
day. Influenced by strong Liverpool news and
a squeeze In May shorts. After that, how
ever, realizing developed and most of the
early rise was lost, the market closing easy at
4%c advance on May and from Uc off to IVic
higher on late months. No. 2 red, May, $1 21
fy 1 ZS, closed $1 21M:-
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The feeling In the metal market
was a shade easier in some departments to
day and prices show a partial reaction. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
I'IG-IRON— Warrants very dull with %ii 50
bid and $6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $12 10 bid and
$12 25 asked.
TlN— Easier, with $14 50 bid; $14 60 asked.
SPELTER — Quiet, with $4 15 bid, $4 25
asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $3 65 bid, $3 70 asked.
The firm fixing the settling price for miners
and smelters in the West quotes lead $3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed firm at a net gain
of 5*515 points. Sales 33,000 bags, Including
April, $5 9u; May $5 70?555 85. Spot, coffee, Rio
firm; No. 7 invoice, 6vsc; No. 7 Jobbing, 7%c.
Mild, firm; Cordova. SV!i9ls%£c.
SUGAR— Raw strong, held higher; fair re
fining, 3 11-16 c; centrifugal, a 6 test, 4 3-16 c, re
fined ?tr.nc.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9678 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 15517 c; Elglns, 17c; factory,
12^c.
EGGS— Receipts. 17,781 packages. Steady;
Western, ll>4c; Southern, lOVfallc.
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 26.— During the afternoon
most of the early strength In Wheat was lost
through the efforts of scalpers to secure profits
on early purchases. May closed at $1 V',\,
against $1 25, the top price, and July at $1 00%,
after having sold at $1 02 J 2 near the opening.
Corn and Oats also eased off. Exports to
Europe were forty loads of Wheat and 140 loads
of Corn.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April With the Liverpool
Wheat market in a state of violent excitement
' and the price of the article for July delivery
equal to 6c a bushel higher than it closed last
nicht, it was naturally somewhat surprising
; when July, opened in this market to-day at an
advance of only 2%<g2%c. The buying fever
was not entirely chilled, however, and after
a moment's hesitation another cent was added
: to the price. Leading bull operators unloaded
: millions of bushels on this tempting swell and
I a 2c break followed. The Northwestern mar
! kets likewise gave evidel\ce of an oversupply
and toppled off 2@3c. Second Liverpool cables
showed a good decline, but Were offset by ad
'■ vances on the Continent, equal to 6V4@7%c at
; Antwerp. Bradstreet's report gave the world's
; visible supply at a decrease of 4,846,000 bushels
; and brought about a rally of lc, and traders
who were overloaded took every opportunity to
! lighten their load.
An advance of *4d In ocean freight, bring
■ ing the rate per bUßhel up to 13V2d, New York
to United Kingdom ports, was the cause of
J the p latest weak phase of the market here
that brought it down to 93V»c for July and
i prevented more than its fractional recovery.
During the opening excitement May Wheat
sold at »l 25, the highest price in several years.
i There was plenty for sale, and it eased off
slowly to 22>^, closing at Jl 23, a net gain
'of 3V«c. July opened 2%i£2V4c higher at 94%@
; 95c, advanced to 96c, declined to 93% c, closed at
>■ 93%@93M>c, , a net gain of. %®lc. Letter reported
; cat*h sales of 400, bushels.
Corn was very strong and somewhat excited
1 for a while, but suffered as did all others of
I the speculative markets by heavy selllne by
! longs to realize profits. July closed unchanged.
Oats started strong and higher, but, like
Wheat and Corn, lost all advance under free
selling by longs. July closed unchanged."
Provisions -opened under the influence of the
excited demand abroad for all commodities of
American production. Liverpool made a fur
! ther advance of 6d to Is in bacon and 6d each
in lard and hams. The sellers were too numer
ous for prices to hold, and consequently the
i best prices of the day were : made at the be
ginning. Pork showed at one time 25c gain,
but only "Vie at the close. I July lard closed 2V4c
net higher and July ribs closed 2%c net lower.
| The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— - • ■ •-. • .
May .124 125 1 22H 123
1 July '.-'94% 96 93«4 93%
September ■ S4V4 S. r S3>4 83%
December 83Vi . 83% 82 82
Corn, No. —
May . 3<i,4 34% 33% 33%
July 35V4 35% zvl 34%
September 36 36% 35% Z:,u,
Oats, No. 2— • ■ - '7 " . '
May 2!»4 29% .28% '28%
July ■ 25%: 26% '■ • 25>4 "" -• tS%
September... 24 24 " 23$ • "-23%
THE SA^ FTtA^CTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
Mess Pork ,Der bbl. —
May 1140 1140 11 20 1130
July 1160 1170 1143 1152%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 70 5 75 6 65 6 67%
July.... SSO 5 82% 5 72% 675
September ; 5 87% 690 5 82% 585
■ Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 5 52% 665 650 5 52%
July 5 67% 670 655 6 57%
: September ■*■ SSO 680 565 5 67%
, Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,! j
good demand, steady to 25c higher; No. 2 spring '
Wheat, $1 10, nominal; No. 3 spring Wheat, Jl ,
. 01 15; No. 2 red, $1 22; No. 2 Corn, 33%@34%c; I
i No. 2 Oats. 29c; No. 2 white, 31@32c; No. 3
white, 30%031c; No. 2 Rye. 59% c; No. 1 Flax- !
seed. Jl 29%@1 30: Prime Timothy Seed. $2 90; I
Mess Pork, per barrel, $11 3OOU 35; Lard, per !
100 pounds, $5 67%: Short Rib Sides, loose, $5 35 |
, v.'. 70; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%@5c;
Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 6506 75: -Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 20.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments. j
Flour, barrels 10,300 7,900 |
Wheat, bushels 65.000 434,600
Corn, bushels 401,900 653,100
Oats, bushels 450.100 155.900 !
Rye, bushels 10,200 ... I
Barley, bushels 35.200 ' 8,600 !
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter j
i market was steady; creameries. 13@16%c; ■
dairies, 12015 c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 10c. Cheese,
', dull, unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels. I
1 Minneapolis 121.410 51,480
■ Duluth 35,031 53.578
i Milwaukee 56,550 650
Chicago 64,976 434,648 j
Toledo 63.855 73,000!
St. Louis 15,000 6,000 I
Detroit 2.669 i
Kansas City 25,000 24,500 :
■ Totals 384,541 674,156 i
Tidewater-
Boston 30 327 ■ "' '- i
! New York 159,325 115.778
Ph ladelphia 11,551 2,102
Baltimore 65.747 149.348
; New Orleans
I Galveston ." 20,900 '......'.
Totals : 287,850 267,228
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April. May.
• Opening 65 50 65 10 ■
u ln 66 10 65 60
Flour—
Opening 3165 30 70 1
i Clc>s ' n 32 00 3110
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
„ . May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 810 9?. 7 9 7 3 '
Closing ...9 % 811 710 72%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 25.-CATTLE-Offerings In i
1 the cattle market to-day were light, but suf- j
; ficient to meet the requirements and prices j
closed about steady. Choice cattle shipping j
BOld at $605 25; beef steers, $4 25@4 90; stockers
i and feeders, $3 90®4 75; cows and heifers,
I f2 40(g4 60.
HOliS— Business In the hng market was
lively at 5c advance. Hogs sold at $3 75'{i3 85
for common and $4 06@4 15 for good to prime
, Sales of hogs were largely at $3 95@4 10. A f.-w
! heavy hogs sold 10c higher than yesterday.
; hHLLP- Light weight sheep were in good
demand and strong. Heavy export lots were
i dull. Lambs sold at $4 50(Tj4 75 for shorn and
at %C(q3 6t> for wooled. Spring lambs brought
t- K. Clipped sheep sold at $3 25@4 25; wooled.
i |4 50®4 60.
; Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 28,000; sheep.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, April 26.— Receipts, 3100. Market 10c
higher. Native beeves, $4fg4 SO; Western
Bteers, $3 85@4 50; cows and heifers, $3 35@4 10 ■
stockers and feeders, $3 80@4 90; bulls and
stags, $2 60<<t3 70.
Receipts, 8100. Market 10c higher.
Heavy, '$3 BO@3 »0; mixed, .$3 80*S'3 86: light
j $3 70@3 85; bulk of sales, $3 BO@3 90.
j BHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Market strong.
; Fair to choice natives. $3 70@4 60; do Westerns,
$3 60@4 40; lambs, $4 60@5 60.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April 26.— CATTLE— Re-
I celpts, 6400. Market steady and active. Na
| tlve steers, $3 05<g4 93; native cows and heifers,
Jl 7;"'fj4 60; stockers and feeders, $354 'J5; bulls
1 $2 90ii4 05.
H< x;S— Receipts 21,800. Market active. S«J
■ 10c hlglier. Bulk of sales, J3 65@5 86; heavies
«." 70@3 90; packers, $3 65@3 88; mixed, $3 60S|>
8 86; lights, $3 55@3 75; yorkers, $3 70®3 70;
pigs, *3 25<-«3 fir..
SHKEP- Receipts 4500. Market steady to
; shade lower. Lambs, $4 25:g5 25; muttons,
I $3 75<i?4 85.
DENVER.
DENVER. April 26. -CATTLE— Receipts, 300.
Market steady to strong; beef steers, $3 SO<jj)
4 GO; cows, $364 2."; feeders, freight paid to
i river, $3 9004 40; stockers. freight paid to
river, $4 ft 4 80; bulls and stags, $2ti 3.
HOGS— Receipts, 7'"'. Market 5c higher: tight
packers. $3 70@3 S5; mixed, J3 70ii3 80; heavy,
$3 75@3 86.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 26— Consols. Ill; Silver,
26 l-16d; French Rentes, lOlf S2Uc.
LIVERPOOL, April 26.— Wheat, strong; No.
1 standard California Wheat, 465; cargoes Walla
Walla Wheat, 43s 6d; cargoes off coast, sellers
Indifferent operators, Is to Is 6d higher; car
goes on passage, sellers nt advance of Is to
Is Cd: English country markets strong; French
country' markets, ptrong; Wheat in Paris,
strong; Flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, B%d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, firm, 4s 2d;
April, nominal; May, steady, 4s %d; July,
steady, 4s %d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm. 11s 3d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, April 26. — The local wheat
market Is firm with an unsettled feeling ap
parent. Exporters cannot pay the price that
han Francisco buyers are reported offering,
but, in the face of stiff and Increasing
freights, have bid 91c for Walla Walla and 93
@Mc for valley and blue steam, figures that
have not been reached since 1891.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April 26.— Wheat— Club In
little demand, but blue stem eagerly sought
for by millers and California buyers. Market
strong. No. 1 club, 95c; No. 1 blue stem, $1.
BOSTON WOOL fcumKET.
BOSTON, April 26.-Owlng to the absence of
sales this week prices in the Wool market here
are nominal. Several attempts have been made
by manufacturers to secure Wool at bargain
prices, but dealers could not be tempted to
make a sale. Quotations:
Territory Wools— Montana, fine medium and
fine, 16@18e; scoured price. 46®48e; staple, 50c.
Utah, Wyoming, etc.— Fine medium and fine
IB® 17c; scoured, 45fr47c; staple, fOc.
Australian— Scoured, basis combing, super
fine, 70@72c; good, 65*f68c; average, 63rff65c;
Queensland combing, 65c.
COTTON MARKET.
NBW ORLEANS, April 26.— COTTON— Quf«t;
middlings, 5%c.
NEW YORK, April 26.— COTTON— Dull; mid
dlings, 6%c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury shows: Available cash
balance, $219,157,9*1; gold reserve, $179, 672,802.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, April 26— Exchanges, $536,736;
balances, $132,867.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 gi
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 8414
Sterling Cables _ 4 go
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce — 56^
Mexican Dollars 46^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quoted at 27s 6d,
for the usual options, with a charter from
Portland at 355. The chartered Wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 3100, against
4600 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 13,800 tons, against 83,000; on the way to
thin port, 227,800 tons, against 245.000.
WHEAT— The excitement continues, and it
is almost Impossible to give quotations except
those ruling on call, which govern the market
at the moment. With short stocks all over the
world, a scanty crop In this State and the gen
eral uncertainty regarding tonnage, the situa
tion is so confused that neither sellers nor
buyers know where they stand. The only quo
tation which can be givc-n with even an ap
proach to accuracy is for milling, which ranges
from $1 S5 to $1 90. The millers are drawing all
their supplies at the moment from the north
and will probably continue to do so, for Cali
fornia cannot supply them. Even the north is
running short and is seriously alarmed over
the heavy shipments to California. There are
lively times ahead In this grain.
The phenomenal advance on call continues,
as will be seen. The dealers are excited and
the market Is like a balloon.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 82' s ; 2000, $1 83; S(X>O, $1 83%; 10 0(>0
U S4; 2000, $1 53%; 68,000, $1 83%. - = .-•■ ' ;T',
Second session— December — 4000 ctls ■$1 86 T •
32.0W). Jl 87;, 4000. .$1 86; 4000, $1 86^.; IS 000
$1 >>6%. May— $1 88; 2000, $187; 12,000, $i 89.'
Regular morning r (session — December — 28 000
ctls, ?1 S3^i: -2000,- $1 83%;- 10,000, $1 83%; 2000
$1 83%; 32,000, j; 84Vi; 28.000,' Jl 84%; 20<)0. SI 83«
2000, $1 84%; ■ . 12.000, . V. 84; 4000,' $1 84% ••• BooV
$1 84%;- 52,000, $185. . May,- 16,000. - $187; 2000'
$1 86%. ■• -. - : •■;-.. • ■: , ■ :■_■■-■ .
•Afternoon - eesßlon — December — 38,000 ctls
$1 80; SOOO, $1 81; 4000, 80%; 4000. $1 80%; 44.000.
$1 80%;' 10,000. $1 SOV4: :; 18.000, $180%; . 10,000,
$1 73%; 2000. $179%;: §000, $1 81%. :•
UAIILEY- Barley is not going up I with
Wheat as It should, and while dealers profess
to be ignorant of the reason for this, it is gen
erally understood that there are large supplies
impending from the north and east. Certain
it is that the market is dull, except possibly
on call, where fairly active sales are being
made.
Feed, U 32%@1 37%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
| 2000 ctls, $1 384; 14, C00, U 37%; 10,000, $1 37%;
[ Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— December— 4ooo ctls,
I $1 374; 2000, $1 37H : 12 (W| $1 3 5 %; 10.000, fl 36%;
! 8000, $1374; 6000, $137. May-2000, $137%;
! 6000, $1 374.
i Afternoon cession — December — 2000 ctls,
'$1364; 2000. $136; 2000 $125; 2000, $133; 4000,
$1 33%; 12,000. $1 34; 2000, $1 33^i; 4000, $1 34^;
2000. $1 344; 6000, ?1 34%- 4000 $1 M%.
OATS— This market is in the same situation
as Barley, being kept down by the promise of
j heavy receipts from the north and east. There
j is no decline in prices however.
Fancy Feed, $1 4"i.,fa 4", per ctl; good to
I choice, $1 87%ai 424;" common, Jl S' l ® l 35 : Sur "
prise, $1 46#1 CO; gray $1 324(51 374; milling,
i $1 8601 424 per ctl.
CORN— Values remain about stationary, with
! free shipments on the way from the East.
Small round yellow, $1 15^1 25 per ctl; large
I yellow, $1 lO<gl 1R; white, $1 lSiffl 20.
RYE— Strong at $1 374®1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 9002 10 per Ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
A futher advance of 25c per barrel in Flour
lis announced. The other niillstuffs will prob
ably be marked up shortly in sympathy with
the violent advance in the raw products.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $5 75® 5 85; Bakers'
Extras, $5 5006 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100:
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50: extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
; Hominy, $3 20®3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
i Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 76; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
@6 20; in sacks, $5 60@6; Pearl Baric- $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FHEDSTUFFS.
Hay is stead at about the same prices. Tim- j
i othy is coming in from "Utah and Oregon to j
supply the local deficiency. Straw is almost
' unobtainable, and is higher again.
There is no change in Bran and Middlings.
! BRAN— s2l's2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23 7;.<fi 25 25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $30@31 perton;
* Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; jobbing,
$X2^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24'a2f>; Cottonseed 1
Meal, $28®>0 per ton; Cornmeal, $24; Cracked j
Corn, $24(iiL'">.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $23(3)
I 26; Wheat and Oat. $21W25: Oat, $20023; Bar
ley, none; compressed Wheat, $22<g25; com
; pressed Oat, $2ufi 22 ; Alfalfa, $15»17; Clover,
; nominal; Timothy, $15(317.
j STRAW— BOc<SSI per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
A further advance In Beans is noted, and the
market is stiff. Dried Peas are also higher.
BEAN'S— Bayos, $2 90«3; Small Whites, |1 70
1 80; Large Whites, $1 7001 SO; Pinks, $2 65®
1 75; Reds, $2 20(5 2 30; Blackeyo, J3 25@3 50 .ut- '
t*rs. $1 66®1 75; Lin s, fl Bo@2 60; Pea. $1 65®
1 80; Red kidneys, $2 50Q2 7a per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 :'.Vg3 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 loii3 25; Flax, $2 25; Canary 1 ,
Seed, 2V'/23ie per lb; Alfalfa, 3@Se; Rape, 2Vt@
2Ai,c; Hemp, 2» i '<;3c; Timothy, s@6Kc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 76@2; Green, $1 90®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES
Potatoes are rather lower and dull. Onions
are steady. Asparagus is lower and Peas
higher.
String Beans from Vacaville brought 150
per lb.
Los Angeles String Beans brought 10@12M:C
per lb and Green Peppers 20c.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 4"'v. r ,oc; River Reds, I
40@60c; River Burbanks, 50@6Uc per sack; Ore- (
gon JiurtiankK, B0@85c; Petal uma liurbanks, 50
igGsc per sack; Sweet Potatoes, lltfil 25 for
Merced; new Potatoes, ■'■,;-' per lb.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 60@2 75; cut Onions, $1
@1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1076 boxes As
paraguh, 431 boxes Rhubar!> and 681 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for e.xtrn large; }1 50^ i
1 75 per box for Xo. 1, 60c<g$] 2.', for small; Rhu
barb, 25©>60c per box for small to good and 60@
75c for extra choice; Grr-i n ivas, $I^l 50 per
sack; Garden Peas, 2%®3c per lb; Dried Pep
pers, 6f<i7c per lb; Dried ' >kra 12^.0; Cabbage,
65575 c per ctl; Carrots, 25@26c per sack: Cu
cumbers, 86c@|l per dozen, Mexican Tumatoea,
repack, $1 75 per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, V^ per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated. lfi/ISc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18o;
Cabbage. 3w; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; T nnatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern were put on late In the
day and Bales were made at J5 j0'5.5 for Hens
and $4 50 for %ld Roo»tt-rs.
Local stock was dull and weak, owing to
the Eastern.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$I@l 25; Goslings, $1 75'fi2 25; Ducks, $8 60@4 60
tor old and $.'>fiG 50 for young; Hens, $3^4;
Roosters, young, $7<J?S; Roosters, old,
$3 50@4; Fryers, $o<fi6 5o; Broilers, $4 50@5 50
for large, i>"«3 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 50(jj)
1 75 per .I'.zwi for young and $1 2a for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is lower, as the recent advance shut
oft packing and Northern orders. Dairy
brings almost an much as creamery.
Cheese is steady. Eggs are easy and un
changed.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20c; seconds,
19c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, lS@l9Hc; common
grades. 16®17%c per lb.
Eastern liutter — Imitation creamery, 16
@16Vic; ladle-packed, l&'iflGc per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub, to arrive, 18% a
CHEESE — choice mild new, 10c; common
to good, 7H®9c; Cream Cheddar, KKgllc;
Young America, 10<?nic; Western, ll@12c;
Eastern, i:'-'.i i^if per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12S.'S13MiC per dozen;
store Eggs, 114.<512c;EasttTn, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Strawberries declined under larger receipts.
There was not much doing in Cherries, as re
ceipts were light and inferior.
Gooseberries came In from Alameda county
and brought Oil 10c per lb.
Citrus fruits showed no change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 125 chests of Strawberries and
27 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries, 30@450 per drawer for large
and 10960 c for small berries.
White and Red Cherries, 50c per box; choice
red, $1; black, 00c<g$l 60.
Apples, 40@50c per box for common, 75cfr$l
for good to choice and $1 &©1 30 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 6098;
Seedlings, 75cfi$l 25; Lemons, 50c(g'$l for com
mon and $1 25ii2 25 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $3 6004;; California Limes, in
small boxes, 60050 c; Bananas, $1 25@2 per
bunches; Pineapples, $3(ji4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Aside from the demand for Prunes and
Honey there Is nothing new.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4
@4%c for 50-50 s; 3%@4 for 50-60's, 3@3H for
I 60-70' s. 2V4@3c for 70-80' s, 2@2%c for 80-90' s. 1*;
I @2c for 90-1000' c; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, d^
6c; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, s<?f6V4c for Roy
als and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, eMjff'c; sun-dried, 4<?isc;
Black Figs, In sacks,, 2<32^c; Plums, 4V4@4%c
for pitted and l@lHc for unpitted; bleached
I Plums,, £@5V4c; Nectarines, 4<Jjsc for prime
I to fancy; -Pears, 2^@4V6-for quarters and 3@
; 6%c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IV4S}2c for two-crown, 3c for
three-crown, 3Vic for four-crown, 4^4c for
' Seedless Sultanas ; 2«ic for Seedlesss Muscatels
and $l@l 10 for London layers; dried Grapes,
i 2>4c
Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
Walnuts, S@4c for hardshell and 4f£6c for soft
ehell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6<§>7c for
softshell. BV4@9c for paper-shell ; Peanuts,
1 4@s&c for Eastern and 4'^c for California; Pe
i cans, 6V4<§'Sc; Filberts, SH@loc; Brazil Nuts,
| SSDc per lb; Cocoanuts, ': $4 50<fi$5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and : 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6%@
6c; light amber, extracted, * 4%@5'/tc per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
• PROVISIONS.
Cottolene In tierces is higher. There are
some changes in pork products and beef, goods.
Trade Is ■ fair.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ; 9c per rb for
! heavy. 9%c for light medium, lOVic ■ for light,
! lie for extra light ! and 12c for ' sugar-cured ;
1 Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10M:@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9%©10 c; Mess; Beef, $10 60 per bbl:
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $13; Smoked Heeef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 514 c per lb
I for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7->ic:
California • tierces. 5c per lb - for compound
and 6Vie lor pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-Ib tins,
7»^c; 5-Tb tins. Be. • >
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 n>s— l-It> pails, 60 in a case, B%c :
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-tb pails, 12 in a
case, BV*c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-tt>
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
Ihs net, 7%c: fancy tubs, 80 IT>s net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lt>s, per lb. '
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Dealers report Hides somewhat stronger at
unchanged prices. There Is no further change
In Hops.
A local circular says of Wool: "There is
absolutely nothing new to report in the Wool
business, either locally or from the East. The
continued dread of the impending conflict has
thoroughly stagnated markets in every part of
the United States. Quotations for either fall
or spring clips are merely nominal, as It
would be Impossible at present to make a
sale of a bale of Wool, manufacturers declin
ing to purchase until they are assured an op
portunity of disposing of their stock now on
hand."
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. We; medium, S"4(??9c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 84r<?9c; Stags, sc; salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, 15@lCc; culls and brands, 120
13c; dry Kip and Veal, I6lfl6tec; dry Calf,
Ufiptfc; culls, 16@17c: Goatskins, 3v^37ViC each;
Kids, s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25<5'30c
per tb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shc-arllngs, 20g20c each; short wool, 40@60c
each; medium, GOQSOc; long wool, 90c@$l 20
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3S3lic per ft;
No. 2, 2<52 1 4c; refined. sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9<Jillc; free Northern,
12®13o; Northern, defective. 9<fTllc per It).
HOPS— ISB7 crop. 10@14c per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are off a fraction again and weak.
The other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6M>c; second quality,
6t. i'6c; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6ii<i?7c per rt>.
MUTTON— Wethers, S(T,9c; Ewes, 8c per It).
LAMB— Spring. BH^9c per tt>.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3 r ric for large and 4c for
medium; stock Hogs, 2' ( x2 l i ! c; dressed Hogs,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $7 50;
| Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and
$11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
, $14; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
' Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 In sacks. '■ >; ;
CORDAGH— Prices are as follows: Manila—
I^4-lnch, ■ 7&c; 12-thread, B^4c; 6 and 9 thread,
S%c; bale rope, 7%@S>4c. Sisal— l%-lnch, 6%c;
12-thread, 7>4e; 6 and 9 thread, 7%0; bale rope,
6%@7»4c. N
CANNED FRUITS— Cherries quotable
at $1 20(31 40; White Cherries. $1 40@l 75;
Peaches, $1 10@l 20; Pears, $1 25; Apricots, $1®
1 10.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 75@90c; To
matoes, 75<g86c.
COFFEE— We quote:
Costa Rica— l6® 17c for prime washed; 14@150
for good washed; 16(51fiHc for good to prime
washed peaberry, 14@13c for good peaberry;
12%(&'14V4c for good to prime; 11© 12c for good
current mixed with black beans; S%@l2V4c for
fair; 64i-7Vfcc for common to ordinary.-
Salvador — 12>5@15^4c for good to prime wash
ed; liHj,col2 s^c for fair washed; 14@15c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9*4@lo&c for super
ior unwashed; S%@9c for good gre^n unwashed;
12@12V£c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Nicaragua — for good to superior un
washed; 12c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 17@18c for prime to
fancy washed; 13@15Vic for good to strictly
good washed; 6(@ 7%c for common to ordinary;
' 15Vj@17c for good to prime washed peaberry; 12
I @12& c for good unwashed peaberry; 9@loVic for
good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb. 3%c;
j cases, selected, per lb, 4'/4c; cases, Imitation
! Eastern, per lb, 4%c; boneless, per lb, sc;
i strips, Norway, per lb, f>^c; strips,' Narrow
: Gauge, per lb, 5%c; strips, Silver King, per lb,
/ 6%0j blocks, Clipper, per lb, sc; blocks, Ori
; ental, per lb, 6%c; blocks, Seabright, per lb,
6*ic; tablets. Crown Brand, per lb, 7^c; mid
° dies. Golden State, per lb, 5%c; middles. White
Seal, per dozen, S^c; desiccated, Gilt Edge, per
dozen, SOc; pickled cod, barrels, each, $S;
pickled cod, hßlf barrels, each, $4 50. ■
California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
j barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
! Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 51c; Linseed OH.
i In barrels, raw, 49c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil,
j extra winter strained, , barrels, 60c; No. 1. 50c;
cases, 5c more; China Nut, 48@51c per gallon;
Neatsfoot OH, barrels, 60c; cases, . 63c; No. 1,
barrels, 50c; cases, 55c; Sperm, crude, GOc;
j natural white, SOc; bleached white, 85c; Whale
! Oil, natural white, 40c; bleached white, 45c;
■ Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
'. colors, $1 25i&1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2
<q 2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
, THA— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, ll> 2 c
i per gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral Oil,
17c;. Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil, 21c; Elaine
; Oil, 22c; Eocene Oil, 19c; Deodorized Stove
1 Gasoline, in bulk, 12c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
! line, In cases, 17^c; 63 degree Naphtha, In bulk.
ll^c; 63 degree Naphtha, in cases, -16% c; 86 de
gree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline,
in cases. 25c.
WHITE LEAD— at 6<37c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 49c; in Iron bar
rels. 44c; in wooden barrels, 46c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 43c;. boiled. in cases,
♦Sc; raw, barrels,' 41c; raw, cases, 46c per gal
i lon.
CANDLES — Standard' Oil Company quotes:
I Electric Light. 6s, 16 0z.,-"%c; 14 oz., 6Uc; 12
j oz.. s'ie: 10 oz., 4M>c. Paraffine Wax Candles-
Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s, white, 7*ic; colored, S%c.
QUICKSILVER— For export, $35 50, and for
local use, $39 50 per fln^k.
LEATHER— Is steadier; harness, heavy, 3
35c per lb; harness, mpdlum, 28c: harness, light,
26®'27c; rough medium, 2Sc; rough light, 26@27c;
rough Leather,. 22<{j23c; Kips, $40@45 per dozen;
Calt. 90c@$l Dpr lb; rough splits, 7@Bc; belt
knife splits, 10@12c: Collar Leather, black. 10®
12c per foot: Collar Leather, russet. 10@12c;
Skirting Leather,. 30@85c per lb.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated, 5" 8 c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, sV£c; Extra C, 5%c: Golden C, sVic;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%0 per
lb; half barrels V t c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
WOOD, LUMRER, ETC.
POSTS— IO@I2c each for No. 1 and 6@Sc for
No.. 2; Redwood, $5 per cord; Oak, rough,
$6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75.
LUMBER — Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes, $15@17; extra
sizes, higher. Redwood— sl7@l9 for No I;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 40@2 50; Pickets, $20; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic.
$22<5'28. ■.■-:.,
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, April 26.
Flour, nr tks ... 13, 106 1 Hay, tons 110
Wheat, ctls ..... 1.660 Eggs, doz 18,'i00
Barley, ctls 6,3So|\Vine, gals 65,500
Butter, ctls 313 Straw, tons 3
Cheese, ctls 30 Wool, bales ..... 216
Tallow, ctls 242 Leather, rolls ... 95
Beans, sks 3.0 M Hides, no 236
Potatoes, sks ... 1,020 Lime, bbls 120
Onions, sks ..... 64 Pelts, bdls 360
Bran, sks ....... BSO Quicksilver, • flsk. 62
Middlings, sks .. 100
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 2.540 j Onions, sks 13 1 :
Barley, sks 3,195 Shorts, sks ...... 8,735
Potatoes, sks ... 4.109 ' .■■•.*• ■:■'.
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 800 r
» ♦ «
THE STOCK MARKET.
Fluctuations In mlnlnp- stock were narrow as
a rule, though sales were rather better In some \
stocks on the noon informal session..
Business on the Bond Exchange was good,
and prices generally advanced, as will be seen •
by -the list of sales.
The Rescue Mining Company of Park City
District, Utah, has levied an assessment of 10
cents per share.
The Pacific Coast Chemical Company of San
Francisco has levied an assessment of V 6 cent ;
per share, deling ent Mar 23.
The - : Channel , Bend , Mining , Company of •El i
Dorado County has levied an assessment of 2 i
cents per share, delinquent May 27.
In the Chollar mine, they, continue to repair
the main Incline below the 1100 station. On.
the tunnel j level they have drifted south of the
seam of pay ore 18 feet, where it became low
grade. They have resumed work in, the face of
the crosscut, ' which has been advanced 12 feet,
and Is now out 50 feet in low grade quartz and
porphyry. On \ the 100 - level the east crosscut
60 feet north of the south- line is out 65 feet,
having been advanced 24 feet;, the ■ face, Is in
soft porphyry. They have hoisted during the
past we«k 12 tons and 500 pounds of ore, the top
car sample of which went, gold, $12 60, silver,
3.13 ounces per ton. On the Brunswick lode
incline shaft No. l,has been sunk three feet on
the slope, and Is now down 1194 feet. Sink
ing has been discontinued,' and fliey are now
engaged In raising the . chutes preparatory to
excavating the 800 level station. 200 level— The
seams or ore are yielding a small quantity of
good ore per week. They are repairing the
main thoroughfares -where required through
out the mine. . . ~. . *: . . .
- In the Potosl mine they have extended the
main joint Potosi-Bulllon south drift 26 feet,
and are now <iut 679 feet; the face ■Is In clay
and soft porphyry/ They continue to repair the
main Incline below the 1100 level, and are mak
ing good progress. On the Brunswick lode, on
the 600 level of incline shaft No. 1, east cross
cut No. :2, 300 feet south or tne north line of ;
Potosl ground' has been advanced a total dis
tance of 32 feet, the face Is in porphyry, i
seams of quartz and clay. West crosscut No'
2, : opposite it, has been extended 34 feet; the
face is in soft porphyry. ;■ .'.'; ..
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
'• TUESDAY, April 26—2 p. m.
T , ct,  Bid.Ask. "■'■:■».--.• Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— MEL C 0..... -_■■'. mi
4s quar c0up..107%105. Oakland- Gas.. 43 45
4s quar reg...106 106%>Pac Gas Imp.. 81Vi S2
4s quar c0up. .107 108 , Pac L Co RU 5314
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. 82* &■>?
Cal-Bt Cab ss. 113 — . San Fran ..• ' 3 314
Cal El 65. .....125 — Stock ias./..! 12 —
C C Wat 55.:. — 103^ Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — SB>i Flrem's Fund. l9o —
E I- &\ P 65. .127% - Bank Stocks-
F& Ch R" 6s. — •-; 116 Vi An^lo-Cal .... 55 62%
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank .of Ca1..23'H24Q
H.C-&;S 5>*..100 10S Cal SD & t" — flfiu,
L A L,Co 65.-; 100 . First Wat... '195 _
Market-st .65.". — -126% LonPr&'A. 130 —
Do *ntd 69..- 100 • Mer Exchange — 15
Do Ist M.SS..UO 11014 Nev Wat 8...151 155
S a A : x- ln 6s l&l &t ,Z 97Vt Savings Banks-
NCNg Rv 75. 102 — Ger S & L... — 1700
NRy Cal 65.. — 111V4 Hum S & 1050 1160
N RyCal 55.. 96^99 Mutual Say - 42%
NPC R R 68.103 ■■■—> S F Say U. - 800
NPC Ry 55.. - 101 S& L 50.... - mo'
N Cal Ry 55..- — Security S*B 250 -
Oak Gas 58...100 — Union T Co. 950 : —
Do 2d is 55.. — ; 110 Street Railroad—
Om(Uy 6a.....,-:124% California _
P & O 6a 110 — IGeary 40 —
P & Ch Ry 6s. — 110 |Market-st .... 49^4 »0
Powell-st 65. ..116 — Presidio 6 —
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
■ SacElec Ky 55.104V*105T& California 130 —
■SF &N P 55. 104 107 X Dynamite... — 90
i SierraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. 42% 43%
i S P of Ar 65.. 97»4 97% Vigorlt 2% 3*4
; S P Cal 65.. — 113 Miscellaneous—
I SPC Is eg 55.. — 96% Al Pac Assn.. 93 —
SPBr 6s 105 106 Ger Ld Wk3.HO —
S V Wat 65... — 116 Hana P C 0... — 15
S V Wat 45... 100 — H C & S Co.. 23% 24V4
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 45% 45%
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 43 55 Nat Yin C 0... — 7%
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 40 —
Spring Valley. 98%— Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C 0.. .100 —
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. 6% —
Morning Session.
5 Giant Powder Con 4125 I
20 do do 41 50 j
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 21 00 i
200 do do 2150 i
100 do do 21 75 |
50 Hutchtnson SP Co 43 00 i
55 do do 43 50
60 do do • 43 i »
50 Market-street Railway 49 00 !
25 do do b 2 49 00 j
$2000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 109 50 j
10 Oakland Gas 42 00 j
10 S F Gas & Electric Co SO 50
5 do do SO 7o
20 do do 81 00
100 do .10 £2 00
50 Spring Valley Water 9S 00
$2000 S P of A Bonds 9, 00
*3000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 100 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 93 00
20 Giant Powder Con 42 00
15 do do 42 25
30 do do 42 50
25 do do 42 io I
265 do do 43 00
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 25
25 do do 23 00
75 do do 23 25
90 do do 23 50
375 do do 24 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 45 00
5 do do *5 25 ,
390 do do <5 50
50 Market-street Railway 49 00
10 do do * 9 25
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 82 50
25 do do 82 57%
150 do do 82 75
Street—
20 Alacka Packers' Association 93 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
20 Hawaiian C & S Co 20 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 43 25
30 Giant Powder 4100
Street—
60 Hawaiian C & S Co 20 00
40 do do 20 12%
50 do do 20 50
50 do do 20 25
75 Hutchinson S P Co 43 23
25 do do 43 50
20 S F Gas & Electric 80 00
15 do do SO 25
Afternoon Session.
10 Hutchinson S P Co, s 15 43 50
10 do do s 10 43 75
10 do do s 10 44 00
100 Hawaiian C & S Co 21 62% !
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 20 SO Hale & Norcrs. 49
20u Best & Belcher. 2G 40 . 50
200 Bullion 01 400 Potosi 25!
100 Con Cal & Va.. 63 100 23
250 62 3i «i Sierra Nevada.. 70
200 Gould & Curry.. 171300 Tellow Jacket... 09 I
700 Ophir 37 1
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha 02 GOO 21
2M) Alta 19 100 Hale & Norcrs. 50
300 Andes 09 300 Mexican 13
350 Belcher 12 150 Occidental 125
100 Best & Belcher. 29 400 Ophir 42
300 Caledonia 16 200 Potosi 25
50 Challenge 11 100 Savage 15 :
100 Con Cal & Va.. 63 600 Sierra Nevada.. 72 '■
s(i Confidence 43 M 0 Union Con 17
500 Crown Point ... 11 200 Utah 07
100 10 300 Yellow Jacket... 10
200 Gould & Curry.. 20 1
i Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock I
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 03]500 Gould & Curry.. 17 ;
300 Alta 20:300 19 i
400 19 1 500 Hale & Norcrs. 50
1300 Andeß 0$ 1200 Justice 10 i
400 Belcher 10 600 Ophir 4.1
200 11200 36
200 Best & Belcher. 26 500 Potosi 23!
200 Caledonia 16 200 Savage ... 12 |
200 15 400 12%
300 Challenge OS MH) 13
200 Choi lar 18j250Slerra Nevada.. 72
200 17 300 71 !
200 191500 70 i
200 Con Cal & Va., 641700 67 I
200 631300 6S '
300 62 1400 69
500 601200 Union Con 17
300 69 300 t 15
400 Crown Point ... 11 1300 Yellow Jacket... 09
Afternoon Session.
250 Alpha 03 200 Hale Norcrs. 50
250 02 200 Mexican 13
70i) Alta IS 300 Ophir 41
500 Andes OH 200 40
300 Selcher 12 MO Sierra Nevada.. 72
2iV) Best & Belcher. 2S 300 73
200 Challenge 11 200 71
500 Chollar 2fl 200 Union Con 17
100 Con Cal & Va.. 63 700 19 |
400 651400 18 i
200 Gould & Curry.. 21iM)0Utah 07
200 20 1300 Yellow Jacket... 10 i
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 26-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Hale' & Norcrs. ;50 51
Bid. Ask. Julia ..: •.— 02 I
Alpha 01 02 Justice — 12
Alta 18 19 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 09 10 Lady Wash ... — 03 !
Benton Con .. — 20, Mexican 13 14 .
Belcher 12 13 1 Occidental 120 —
Best & Belchr. 27 Ophir 41 42
Bullion .01 02 Overman 01 02
Caledonia 17 IS Potosl- .'24 26
Chollar 19 21 \ Savage 15 18 i
Challenge Con. 12. 13 Seg Belcher ... 01 02 i
Con Cal & Va. 61 62 j Scorpion — 03 '
Confidence 43 43 Sierra Nevada. 70 71
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Silver Hill — 01
Crown Point .. 10 11 Syndicate — 04
Con New York. — Standard — 1 70 '
Eureka Con ... — 20 Union Con .... 16 17
Exchequer ..... 01 02 Utah ... 06 08
Gould & Curry. 19 21lYellow Jacket. "09 10
. ~*~ — : i
BACKING UP THE PRESIDENT.
The President has assured the Re
publicans of Indiana that he intends
to stand by the sound money plank
of the St. Louis platform, and. In their
turn, the Republicans of Indiana have
notified the President that this is what
they expected of him, and that they
also expect that he will be firm in
his promise to maintain and extend the
merit system. In view of the immedi
ate pressure that spoils politicians in
Washington may bring to bear upon
the President, it would be well if the
example set by the Republicans of In
diana were followed by the Republicans
of other States. The President's incli
nations and promises as to civil service
reform are of the right kind, but a
little popular encouragement would not
come amiss to him nor Injure the
cause. — Harper's Weekly.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, IS9S.
Th.
Kr.
Moon's Phases.
v
21
"5~ '
1
8
15
IT
|1T
'16
23
©Full Mooa, :
jw - April ti.
Last Quarter
|U April 13.
\ f^\ NewMooa. |
Iv^ April 20. '
i -^ First Quarter,
j 27
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the. United tates Hydroirranhic
Office, located 1 the Merchants' Exchange is .
maintained n Ban Francisco for the benefit .'f .
mariners without regard to nationality and i
free ot expense.- .
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always.be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation . and - all matters
ot interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United btates Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal. .', .. • ■ -
A notice stating whether the time ball wns i
dropped on time or giving. the error, If any. is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers and by the morning papers the follow
da >'- J. t. McMillan.
■' ; ;• ■ ■ ■■-,-■ Assistant , in * charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, April
20, 1898,
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. p.. at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly S p. m., Greenwich
time. j. t. McMillan.
. Assistant In charge.
SUN, i-OON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The -agh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than, at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both piacem.
. . APKIL-IS9*. "
Wednesday. April 27.
riß»>a • 5:11
sets.. n-.67
n acts..... • 012 a. m
jTlmo| Feet Tlmej Feet Time| Peet |TW p
liTWi L W| BWj IL W| 9l
•Zi 2:U7 1
281 3: 111
2« 4:45
L W
30 0:50
1 , 1:41
1 2:28
3 3:04
4.41 lU:'Ji|
4.1 10:51
S.y 11:43
H W
2.8 fi:l'J
2.4 7:ati
1.8 8:37
1.2 y:3!i
U. 6 o:l'.' i
O.S 6:4;>
1.0 7:IJ
L W
3Js 12:42
3.8 1 :27
4.1 2:03
4.H1 2:41)
4.:' 10:23 T«
4.4 U*| m
H \V
1.2 T:U 4.8
1.5 8:11 4.y
1.8 6:88 »l
-'•n S:HB| 5.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In th* left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrences as to time. The
second time column gives the second Ode of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there ;ir.' | ., t
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The b
given are additions to the soundings on ihe
United States Coast Survey charts,
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the b
and then the number given is BUbtractlve
the depth given by th«> charts. The pli
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STJfiAAIUKB TO AKKIVE.
.me it
i Di'3
i .Lr-iKme ;
! We«ott I
] Pomona
I Wa11a....
Burma ....:. —
San Mateo :
Chllkat.. . ...
' Allceßlanchard
j CoiumDia. ......
! Arcata .........
Homer..... .
Gaelic
Empire.........
Cleveland
Orizaba. ■
Tltanla.
Valencia
Acarjulco
Nortn For*....
Santa liotm
; State or Cai.. ..
| Crescent City.- |
Umatllla ... .
Mackinaw
Coos Bay ..... !
IPortland |
| Humboldt
San Inejro
Victoria Pu?et Sound.. j
jN.-maimo j
Tacoma '
Hnmboldt
Seattle :
Portland...* :
Coob Bay :
Huraboldt _.
China ana Japan
Coos Bay
Seattle
Humoolot
Nanaimo
Alaska
Panama
tiumooiat
Pan Dlesro „ |
Portiana i
j Crescent Cltv
Victoria & Puiret Sna ....
! Tacom.-i
Newport
I Apr 27
|Apr2J
I Apr .'7
Apr 27
, Anr 27
Aur •>:
Apr 28
Apr 28
'Apr
I Apr 23
Apr 2a
Apr 2a
Apr 29
Apr '.'9
ADr 50
Apr 30
Apr 3D
May 1
May 1
May 1
I.May 1
May 3
May 3
May 1
Alay 8
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
BTBAMKK. I DESTISATIOX!
Sails.
I PtKB.
Oregon |
Coos Hay..
Newport... I
Arcata i
Weeott j
Pomona.... j
Columbia. . '
City of Rio i
ABlanchrd
Homer.....
Valencl.-t. [
Walla Wlla j
Venus !
Orizaba.. .. '
State of Cal
Sani:« Kosa
Senator j
Nortn Fork I
I Portland Apr 2;. 10 am :
Newport Apr 27. »am
I Panama ...... Apr 28, 12 Ml
jCoosUav Apr -".1,10 am:
Humbomt. ... Apr 20, 'Jam
San Dlevro.... Apr 2', 11am
[Portland .Apr 30.10 a>i
iCi.ina<S: J:ipan, Apr »>, Ipm
j'.'io ulna Bay. i Apr 30. i» am
Humboldt ... May 1. 9a.v|
|AHsk;t May 1.12 M
i Vie ft Psrt Sncl M;iy 1. 11l am
Cmna&Japar May 1, 1 p.m
Humbolli .... Miy 2. 10 a>i
Portland May 3. It) am
San Dieeo ... May 3. 11 am
Pug-ett Sound j May 3
Huraboldt ... |May 4.12. m
Pier 13
Pier H
i P M S3 ;.
Pier I*
Pier 13
; Pier 11
Pier 12
PM S3
Pier U
I Pier 11
Pier 9
PM SS
Pier >
Pier 1!
Pier U
'pYeVJ
SHIPi*IAG ItfTBLJLItifCMCK.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 26.
Tug Rescue, Bailey, 74 hours from Port
Townsend.
Tug Monarch, Whitney, 74 hours from Port
Townsend.
Haw stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, 6 days 20 hura
from Honolulu.
Stmr Signal, Boudegard, 4 days from Ana
! cortes.
Slmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Progreso, Gllboy, 85 hours from Seat
tle.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 80 hours from
Taeoma.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrop, 20 hours from
, Fisks Mill.
Schr Barbara Herr.ster, Jensen, 20 hours frm
Fort Bragg.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April 2K.
j Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall.
j Perkins & Co.
Stmr Oregon, Stephens, Astoria; O R & N
• Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanaimo; R
< Dunsmulr Sons Co.
i Stmr Hattie Gage, Rasmussen, Alitak;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
Br ship Powys Castle, Thomas, London; J J
Moore & Co.
Ship Sterling, Anderson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
j Packers' Assn.
Bktn Planter, Dow, Honolulu; Williams, Di
mond & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 26.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Seattle.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Samoa. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Orizaha. Parsons, Eureka.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr City of PueMa, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Tnwnpend.
Br hark Inveramsay. Cromhip, Talcahuano.
Schr Mary Etta, Xyman, Boweas Landing.
Scbr La Ohllena, Madsen, Fort Ross.
Bchr J G Wall, njornstrom. Albion.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Margaret (', Nnyes. Altata.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 28. 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, N\V: velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Irmgard loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Amazone loads wheat at Portland for
South Africa; J B Brown, coal at Comox for
Dutch Harbor.
The Socotra goes to Portland to load wheat
for Europe, at 3.'s.
SPOKEN.
March 25— Lat 2 N, long 29 W, Br bark Och
tertyre, from Oregon for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed April 26— Schr Meteor, for
San Pedro.
Arrived April 26— Bktn C C Funk, hence April
15.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 26— Bktn Ska
git, for San Pedro.
Arrived April 26— Schr Alice Cook, hence
MENDOCINO— Sailed April 25— Schr S Dan
ielson. for San Francisco.
Arrived April 26— Stmr Point Arena, hence
April 25.
EUREKA- Arrived April 26— Stmr Weeott, fm
Crescent City.
Sailed April 26— Stmr Weeott, for San Fran
cisco; schr John A, for San Francisco; stmr
Chilkat, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 26— Schr C
T Hill, from Ventura.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 26— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; stmr Mount Tabor, for Yo
kohama.
Arrived April 25— Stmr Geo W Elder, from
Dyea. April 26— Stmr State of California, hence
April 24.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 26— Stmr Cottage
City, from Dyea.
Sailed April 26— Stmr Al-Ki, for Dyea; bark
Guardian, for Kotzehue Sound.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 26— Bktn
Retriever, hence April 14; pohr Corona, from
San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 25— Stmr Arcata,
hence April 23.
TATOOSH— Passed April 26—1' S stmr Mo
nadnock, hence April 2:'. for Port Angeles.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 26— Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Diego.
Sailed April 26— Schr Comet, for Puget Sound.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 26— Bark
Vldette, hence April 7, for Olyrnpta.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 26— Jap stmr Ta
maguchl Maru, from Yokohama.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April 25— Schr
Newark, hence April 23.
TATOOBH— Passed April 26— Br stmr Em
press of China fimn Hongkong and Yokohama.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 26— Stmr Tilla
mook, from Orca.
bailed April 26— Stmr Morgan City, for Cop
per River; slnir Del Norte. for Dyea..
FORT WRANGEL— Arrived prior to April 15
— Stmr Aleut, hence March 23. April 15 — Ship
Gen Sk'Mfield. hence March 24.
POINT REYES— Passed April 26— Nor stmr
Peter Jebsen, from Port Los Angeles, for Na
"pORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April 26— Stmr
BAN FEDRO-^- Sailed April 26— Stmr Newsboy
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 26— Stmr Westport,
TACOMA— Arrived April 26— Ship Benjamin F
Packard, hence April 13; schr Edith, from
Sailed April 2C— Stmr Al-Ki, for Dyea; schr
Meteor, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HlLO— Arrived April 14— Ship Kenilworth, ho
* Sailed April 12— Schr Aloha, for Honolulu.
To «ail April 16— Bark Annie Johnson, for San
Franeinco. April IS— Schr Muriel, for San
ESQUIMAU— Arrived April 25— Ship J b
Brown, from Acapulco.
PORT NATAL— Arrived April 2o— Br ship
Lonsdale from Tacoma.
CARDlFF— Arrived April 25— Br ship Mil
tonburn to load for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived April 21— Haw stmr
China, hence March 23.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April W— Ger ship
Susanna, hence Dec 23: Br ship Andrada. hnj
Dec 19; Br ship Lord Rosebery, fr;m Tacoma,
and sailed for Havre.
SWANSEA— SaiIed April 81 -Br ship Parana,
for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— PaIIed April 23— Br stmr Aorangt,
for Vancouver.
HONOLULU— SaiIed April lo— Schr Robert
Lewers for San Francisco. April 16— Haw bark
Diamond Head, for Hoparture Bay: schr W H
Talbot, for Port Townsend. April li — Schr W
Bowden,. for San Francisco.
To «ail \prll I*— Br stmr Miowera, for Syd
ney. April 20— Bktn S G Wilder, for San Fran-
Cl Anived April 16-Brlg Morning Star from
Micronesia. At.. 17-Bart Mnrtha Davis hue
March 30. April 18— Stmr Peru, hence April 12;
Br stmr Miowera. from Vancouver.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Arrlved April 2f—Stmr Thing
valla, from Copenha^n : stmr Anchona, f rom -,
Glasgow; stmr Bremerhaven, from Antwerp.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 26 — Stmr
Pennland, from Philadei i-.la.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed April 2t>— Stmr Patria,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 26— Stmr Georglc,
for Liverpool: stmr Trave, for Bremen; strar
■\Verra, for Naples.MILITIA READY
FOR THE CALL
Oakland Guardsmen Will
Object to Strange
Officers.
Want to Be Commanded by
the Men Who Have
Trained Them.
The Boys' Brigade Has Tendered Its
Organization to Governor Budd
'.or Service.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, April 26.
There is no lack of patriotism in Ala-
County, nnd while Pleasanton is
g !■■ organise a volunteer bngado ot'
N Uonal Guard companies In Oak
lnnd are constantly around their barracks
drilling nearly every evening and anx
iously awaiting t..e call to arms, which
they • iriv.
Company A, Fifth Infantry, N. G. C. If?
ani ius that should it take the field it
■will be with its full complement of 103
men. "We have 68 members on our
rolls." said one of the officers to-day,
"and are now deluged with applications
fir enlistment frum well drilled ex-mem
who want to re-enlist in case the
Is called in-o active service.
Mentions are on file from men
Who desire t.> BO to the front. Of course
the preference will be given to ex-mem
bers where the age does not bar them.
If they are otherwise physically yuan
fled. 11
There is only one probability that may
dampen the ardor if the Oakland militia.
It is that should they go into camp they
may be commanded by some West Point
Graduate. This is an objection which
as been generally discussed. The boys
are very loyal to their officers and will
rebel against their being substituted by
strani whom they do not know ana
might not respect.
Company A expresses a very strong
sentiment in regard to its officers, and
Jill the members are generally averse to
having regular army officers as captains
over them. The company is looking for
ward confidently to being oidered into
service by the* ivernor very soon.
Major Hays is particularly proud of the
epirit existing in his command, and says
that when the Governor asks for the
number and character of troops availa
ble, Company A will make a line show-
Ing.
D. M. Connor of Pleasanton is so im
bued with the war s;»irit that he has is
sued the following call:
"One hundred men wanted who
are willing to enter the army in the
war will. Spain. The men must be
Ijes of 18 and 45 years,
i bi -ilt :i. and will
ing to serve as infantry it cavalry,
from one to three years. Those
wishing to enlist, send your name
iitid address immediately to D. M.
Connor, Pleasanton, CaL"
At the recular weekly drill of Company
D, I!. 8., ■■!' The Eighth-avenue M. E.
Church, Saturday evening, the members
unanimously voted to tender their ser
vices to Governor Budd for duty. The or
ganization of this body was effected Sep
tember 15, !»:•'.. and it would form the nu
of a splendid company, consisting',
as It does, of young men of the proper
jiß'- and height. In the competitive drills
• the target they have never been
ted. A large number of graduate
Micmhi rs have signified their intention to
• v.-j!h til,-- company should its ser
vices be accepted.
. ♦ ■
A PETTY SWINDLER.
Complex Plot Carried Out in Order to
Gain a Trifling Sum.
ALAMEDA, April 18.— A respectable
epr<~-aring man put in several hours yes
terday laying, the preliminaries for a
■windle that after all netted him only
J- and which at the outside could have
raid him only $4. First he called on F.
P. Furey. a Park street plumber, and
represented that he was affent for a
thy Oakland property owner who de
to hire a trustworthy young man to
look after the repairs to his houses. Mr.
Furey gave him the address of William
Pii free of 2211 Sari Antonio avenue, and
after making special inquiries as to the
young man's character he went to the
house. There he found no one at home
except the young man'? mother, Mrs.
Pingree. After considerable conversation
■ iast concluded that me young man
would fill the bill, and accordingly wrote
cut a letter of recommendation to the
alleged capitalist and left word for Pin
gree to call on him in Oakland. This Pin
gree d.id. with the result that he found
the address given to b<> a church. After
writing the letter the stranger told Mrs.
Pingree that he know a lady who was
about to move and who had a ton of coal
In her house that she wanted to dispose
of fheaply. She would take $4 for it
though it was worth $10. Mrs. Pingree
had no money, but finally went to a
neighbor and borrowed $2.30. This the '■
Stranger took and departed. After this
she even took thf trouble to go back to
Furey's store and thank him for r^com
rnending so fine a young man aa Pingree
to him. This is not the first time this
pwindle has been worked here, and in
each case only a small amount has been
realized.
Davis Club Organized.
ALAMEDA. April 26.— Alter holding
two preliminary meetings the Alameda
Davis Club was permanently organized
last evening by the election of the follow
ing officers: G. A. Bordwell, president- G
W. C. Baker, vice president; H. L. Zim
merman, secretary; J- A. Remmell treas
urer; executive committee — Colonel
George Babcock, F. J. Whiting, Colum
bus Bartlett. D. T. Hard and F. H. Kel
logg. There are 125 charter members to
the club, and all are enthusiastic in sup
port of their choice for the Governorship.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, April 26.— Gin Sing was ar
rested this morning by Officer' Anderson i
for selling lottery tickets.
A couple of San Francisco reporters !
who sought to interview the Widow Ryer I
last evening on the subject of the suit i
were driven away from the house by a
coachman and a bulldog. Mrs. Ryer pos- |
itively declined to be Interviewed. •
An Interesting programme has been
prepared for the school children's annual
picnic at Leona Heights next Saturday.
Jonn Lubben, one of the party whom
Griaer took out into the wilderness of the
north-.- on a wild goose chase, has re
turned home and win remain. He says
Inff a narrow escape from hang- j
Ipv h r a n, hp "f n /l BCertaJned that Jack Crow- ;
]<_■>. nnf ■ <,f the men accused by Eddie
?f? f hfq < m P tw clpß , t . lnß ln the disposition
jssrarttspsss and haa Li b2 »i
e n ( rodu < ! "Af T .hei,p| a n a gave their
Cool. Coll^ians" Of at Armory a ,'Ta 1 S e
evening to a good audience I
Director Gray's Presentation.
With the pupils Of th^Cpnlrnl '<5h5 h faVOr
School just now. They VrJ Grammar
Spain and its history X an d to Si«,dylS i«, dyln f
them he presented Um'mlmmi £*«?*!*"**
photographs of the city 'of CrZ I th lar^
of the Alhambra and Wue-nrtSf nin«
of the palace, with explanatory "ndex
handsomely framed. He gave the ciaJi
a talk on Spanish history and predict
the success of the American nrrnV ami
navy. This brought forth tremendous^n
plause. A He lso left a set of PhotOCTanffa
of the Arnr-rlean navy as a further testi
monial of his interest in the work!
« m ■
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative BromoQulnlne Tablets am h,-,,-.
rists refund the money If It fa Ms to our* a£"
T>ie genuine hai L. B. Q. on eacli tablet.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THE MAN WHO TRAINED SAMPSON
Chaplain j, s, Wallace, an ex-Professor of An
napolis, Speaks Bluntlu of His Ideas of
the War With Spain.
OAKLAND. April 26.— The man who instructed Captain Sampson at An
napolis now resides at the Hotel Metropole in this city. He is Chaplain J.
S. "Wallace, U. S. N., retired, and he was. before his retirement, a professor
at Annapolis. While there many officers now holding commissions, includ
ing Sampson and YVainwright, were his pupils. He also accompanied Farra
gut on his celebrated cruise after the Civil War.
"This is a most righteous war," said Chaplain Wallace to-day, "and I
have felt so all along. In fact, it is unique in the world's history, in that it
is being waged for humanity, except, of course, for the Maine incident.
I feel confident that our men will win, for I know many of them person
ally, and ran judge of their merits.
"The duration of the war will depend much upon the result of the first
naval battle. If Spain succeeds in beating us in the first naval engage
ment that would necessarily put us hors de combat for some time to come.
We should be compelled to build ships and go at it again. On the other
hand, if we win the first battle Spain will undoubtedly back down and the
war will be short. . .
"But we are really not prepared as we should be for war. It is humiliat
ing to me and to other naval officers to see the United States compelled to
go all over the world picking up ships here and there. I don't think Europe
will become involved in the conflict. England is thoroughly our friend, and
Spain her old enemy ever since the Armada times. England wants us for
an ally. Other nations won't touch us as long as England sympathizes with
us.
"My theory in regard tr> the modern warship is that we ha% - e made a
EiisuikV- in not having more sail on them. Machinery is likely to break down
at any time, and it is not always convenient to get coal. The old ships were
equipped with both sail and steam, and there is really much to be gained
by having pnil power, for we could economize when at sea and in no hurry
by using such power instead of steam. This war, though, is resolved down
largely to a war oT coal. We can get plenty of it, but there is a question
about Spain being able to do so.
"As to the Philippines, we don't want them, of course, except to hold
them and trade them for something else at the end of hostilities, and it goes
without Baying that the Philippines will fall before our ships, because the
protecting "force of Spanish vessels is insignificant."
Chaplain Wallace is holding himself ready for a call in case his services
are needed.
YOUNG DELGER
NOT CUT OFF
Will Receive a Full Share
of His Father's Big
Estate.
Much Property Deeded Off to
Heirs and Leased
Back.
Masonic Societies Will Attend the
Funeral Services This
Alternoon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. April 26.
The will of Frederick Delger contains
nothing sensational and no surprises. It
has not yet been made public, but the in
timate friends of the deceased are aware
of its contents.
It does not dispose of a large amount of
property, although Mr.' Delger was a very
wealthy man and owned immense bloclo
of valuable realty. Some time ago, show
ing his usual foresight and desire to min
imize the possibilities of litigation, Mr.
Delger, it Is now known, deeded a large
amount of his property to his heirs, and
afterward they leased it to him at nom
inal figures, so that ho had absolute con
trol of his large properties up to the time
of T.is death.
The heirs are the four children of the
deceased, who will inherit the. bulk of the
property after suitable provision Is made
for the widow. There are also numerous
legacies of varied amounts to some of the
relatives in this country an-d in Ger
many. The children are Mrs. H. O. Trow
bridge, Mrs. William Moller, Mrs. Brown
and Frederick Delger. These children
will each receive an equal share of their
father's estate.
It has been known that during the past
few years there have been some differ
ences between the deceased and his son.
These differences have, it is rumored,
amounted to occasional threats on the
part of the dead capitalist that his son
should not share in hJs father's wealth.
During the prevalence of one of these
differences young Delger went into busi
ness for himself in this city and was suc
cessful. This effort on the part of the
son was very gratifying to his father and
long before his death they were in perfect
harmony. All stories that the will con
tained a clause disinheriting the son are
entirely false, for It is authoritatively
stated now that Frederick Delger will re
ceive an equal share with his sisters.
The funeral services of the late Fred
erick Delger will be held to-morrow after
noon at the First Congregational Church,
which will be preceded by a short cere
mony at the residence. Rev. J. E. Bush
nell of the English Lutheran Church, of
which the deceased was a communicant,
and Rev. C. H. Hobart of the First Bap
list Church, will conduct the services at
the house.
Oakland Lodge, F. and A- M., No. 1008,
of which deceased was a member, will
have charge of the services at the church
and cemetery. Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean
will officiate. The ladies of the Fabiola
Hospital Association will meet at the Ho
t<M Metronole at 1:30 o'clock, and from
there will attend the funeral at the
Church. At different times Mr. Delger do
nated $10,000 to this association.
The pallbearers have been selected, as
follows: William R. Davis, W. Frank
Pierce, Wallace Everson, J. Everdingr, F.
K. Shattuck. H. P. Taft, C. H. Smith, H.
JL Powell, Thomas Crellin, E. C. Sessions,
Victor H. Metcalf and William Ruther
ford.
DAVIS ANSWERS HUBBARD.
Will Say No More Except to Answer
Libelous Statements.
OAKLAND, April 2fi.— The following
j letter has been received from Rev. Ed
wards Davis. It explains itself:
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26, 1898.
Editor Call: The statement of George C.
t Hubbird at the Monday meeting of the
I Christian ministers, as reported in to-day's
1 Call, can be better appreciated in view of the
following fact. The party mentioned re
signed his eldership perforce, and but a few
mjnths ago wai regularly dismissed from
membership In the Central Christian Church
by the unanimous recommendation of every
other officer and the unanimous vote of the
congregation. He objects to the editor of our
denominational paper allowing complimentary
notice regarding myself. I am sorry such is
so displeasing. It Is grievous that small
ability should elicit enviouH enmity. I am
gratified that Rev. W. B. Berry and others
had the courage to desire justice and to await
action on discussion until something authorita
tive I* presented agalnpt me. I hope I shall
not be compelled to make further statement
in the press until some one charge has been
communicated to me. No definite charge his
yet been received. But I understand that
method, for Inuendo is more effective than do
finite statement.
Some of my brethren are certainly not act-
Ing In a manner conducive to my loyalty to
Christian fraternity, were not my faith in
Christ made more secure by tvery assallment.
Pre-eminently for the peace and power of
Christianity personal quarrels should be kept
from publicity, and, therefore, unless In the
refutation of a libel on my character. I shall
not further speak until before a Justly con
stituted commltttee.
EmVARDS DAVIS.
Grand Jury in Session.
OAKLAND, April 26.— The Grand Jury
held a session of four hours this after
noon and interviewed Attorney George
W. Baker, Edwin Goodall and W. F
Whittier. all interested in the Contra
Costa Water Company. Baker was ques
tioned closely as to advice he gave the
corporation's officers on the water rate
resolution and ordinance: wfiat he knew
in regard to the combine between the two
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL V 27,V 27, 1898.
companies, which resulted in Vrie raise of
rates and uniformity of prices. His an
swers to those were not learned, but
Goodall and YVhittier professed ignorance
regarding the actions of the com
panies' officers, as well as the purpose of
the fund raised by assessing the stock
holders, i
Demands Heavy Damages.
OAKLAND, April 2fi. — Mrs. Frances
Taylor has instituted legal proceedings to
collect $10,000 damages for malicious mis
chief from James H. Creeley. This is the
outcome of the celebrated Creeley-Taylor
fence fond of a year ago. The families
reside on Myrtle street, between Twenty
sixth and Twenty-eighth. They disagreed
and a fence was built between them by
Crcley that shut out the sun, light and
all view of his neighbors. The Taylors
tore it down and Creeley had Mrs. Tay
lor arrested for malicious mischief. The
testimony in the Police Court was of such
a character that Judge Alien dismissed
the defendant. Now comes this suit.
Fabiola Derby Day.
OAKLAND, April 26.— Thomas H. Wil
liams to-day notified the Fabiola Hospi
tal Association that the California Jockey
Club had designated May 14 for its annual
Derby day. The ladies will hold a pub
lic meeting at the Hotel Metropole Fri
day morning at 10 o'clock to prepare for
the event. The time is short, but It is
expected that newspaper notices will
reach every one interested, and that a
large attendance will resmr. The cihvs
card will include some of the best races
of the season.
Fell and Died From the Shock.
OAKLAND, April 23.—A n Inquest was
i held to-night on the body of Ellen Smith.
j the young girl who fell down the steps at
; the rear of her home on Sunday. There
; was nothing sensational in the testimony
and Dr. Kuteau was the chief witness. He
! stated that in his opinion the girl died
. from shock occasioned by the fall, and
the verdict of the jury was In accordance
; with the medical testimony.
Gessler Fired Two Shots.
OAKLAND, April 26.— The trial of Hugo
Gessler, charged with assault with Intent
to kill George T. Fink on the Redwood
road on March 4 last, was begun before
Judge S. P. Hall this morning.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, April 2<5.— Rev. George
Swan, rector of St. Mark's Episcopal
Church, Berkeley, has been appointed
guardian of little Ruth Merrill, the four
year-old child taken from her mother in
Berkeley recently by Mrs. L. A. Prescott
Charles Cunningham, a twelve-year-old
schoolboy, was arrested this morning by
Detectives Shorey and Quigley for hiring
a bicycle and failing to return' it.
Word has been received from Dutch
Flat that Rev. George \V. Beatty former
ly pastor of the Chester-street M E
Church, was nearly drowned recently in
the Middle Fork of the American River
The missionary boat Pltcairn has
been repainted and is being put in repairs
for another trip. She has been on the
mud flats opposite Adams wharf for the
past year.
Judge Allen to-day dismissed George
Watson of 61S Adeline street, who was
charged with tearing down a placard
posted by Assistant Inspector Smith be
cause the minutes of the Board of Health
did not show that Smith had been au
thorized to yaste the placard
"Water Will Be Scarce.
BERKELEY April 26.-Health Officer
Rowell of Berkeley Is fearful of disas
trous results from the unprecedented
scarcity of water that prevails this year
in the university town. He has urged' the
Town Trustees to immediately construct
a sewpr in Irving street on account of the
prevalence of typhoid fever in the vicin
ity.
In his report to the Trustees Dr. Row
ell says:
I would further (suggest that some action be
taken by your honorable board restricting the
use of water for purposes of Irrigation while
our sewers require Hushing during this dry rea
son more than ever. It seems a cruel waste
of water to allow the hose to play for hours
upon lawns and garden*.
All panltary precautions apalnut fevers should
be taken, and the fact borne in mind that clean
sewers are more Important to the health of the
community than attractive lawns and flower
beds!
I regard the water problem to-day as most
serious from a sanitary standpoint and worthy
of vigorous restrictive measures In relation
thereto.
Masters Succeeds Hopper.
BERKELEY, April 26.— Stuart G. Mas
ters. '00, was to-day elected editor of the
Occident to succeed James Hopper, who
has held the editorship for the last three
terms. R. W. Tully. '01, was elected
manager, to succeed Roy E. Dickerson.
The following officers of the Occident
Publishing Company were elected: Presl
dent, R. W. Tully; vice-president, E. E.
Christensen; secretary, A. J. Cloud; audit
ing committee — Paul Sinsheimer and C. E.
Thomas: membership committee — P. Be
vllle and Roy E. Dickerson.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 26.— Miss Clotilde
Adelaide Grunsky was to-day installed
as president of the Associated Women
Students of the University of California.
Henry "W. Stuart. U. C. '94. has been
honored by being made fellow in philos
ophy at the Washington University of St.
Louis.
WELBURN'S BONDSMEN.
The Suits to Collect for Norton's De
falcation Will Be Pushed by the
United States Attorney.
Despite the bill introduced by Congress
man Loud in Congress yesterday provid
ing for the release of the bondsmen from
their obligations caused by the embezzle
ments by Cashier Norton under Collector
of Internal Revenue Osca M. Welburn,
the Federal authorities in this city pro
pose to prosecute the suit now pending
against the bondsmen of the missing Col
lector. Deputy United States Attorney
Schlesinger said yesterday that the suit
would be vigorously prosecuted and the
money would be collected from the bonds
men without doubt, unless Congress
passed a relief bill exonerating the de
fendants from paying.
_■ ♦ ■
Held for Burglary.
Raymond Marion was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Low on a charge of burglary in
$2000 bonds. Ho broke Into the art studio
of Mrs. Perley and Mrs. Culps at 215 Post
street and stole a Quantity of articles. ,
WATER WILL
BE SCARCE
Not Such a Big Stock as
Was Generally Be
lieved.
A Resolution That Comes as a
Surprise to the Water
Users.
J. W. T. Watkinson Says That There
Is Absolutely a Water
Famine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 26.
"In view of the fact that the ■
present season is the driest experi- ■
enced in many years in Alameda ■
County, and may be followed by i
another of like kind, and realizing •
that the water now wasted in the •
gutters and in other ways is need- ■
k-ss and should be saved for possi- ■
ble future requirements, and be- -
lieving that, with care, an abun- <
dant supply could be reserved for a <
possible lung drought, which would <
be of great benelit to the city of <
Oakland and promote its prosper- -
Ity, now, therefore, be it <
"Resolved, That all wat«;r con- <
sumers be and they are hereby re- <
quested to take all necessary pre- <
cautions to prevent waste by re- <
pairing defective plumbing, etc., <
and by using only a reasonable -
amount of water for irrigation and <
other purposes." . <
The above resdlution was introduced at
the City Council meeting last evening,
and caused some surprise. Although this
year has been unusually dry, Oakianders
have been n lying on the statement of
the two water companies, and felt secure
against any possible lack of water. That
such a scarcity may .occur is shown to be
probable by the resolution introduced by
.Air. Pnngie.
Througnout the contest between the
water companies, each has reiterated the
statement that ft is entirely capable of
supplying the whole town with all the
water it could possibly u,se. Lach com
pany Is now supposeu to be supplying
about half thu town, and yet a drought is
predicted.
Mr. Dingee of the Oakland Water Com
pany several days ago said that the scar
city of rain will have no effect whatever
on the amount >>i water his company can
furnish. He said that the Weils were
Mowing better this year than last, and
that a dry season has no effect upon
them. When Questioned this afternoon,
Mr. Dingee said he preferred not to be
quoted on the matter, further than to say
that the resolution is not introduced at
the request of his company.
J. H. T. Watkinson of the' Contra Costa
Company furnished The Call with the
following condition of the water supply
of the State, compiled from ample in
quiry:
■ The ground has been sapped by con
tinuous drying winds of moisture afforded
by the light showers that have fallen,
causing this season 'o oe the driest on
record in Alarai da County, and generally
dry seasons come together and wet sea-
Bons follow each other.
By reason of the lawns surrounding
most of the houses in Oakland a larger
per capita supply of water than con
sumed in any other city is required, and
therefore more latitude is given for pro
lific waste.
An abundant supply of water at the
latter end of a protracted drought will
add to the prosperity of Oakland and
maintain an efficient ■ tire protection
which many cities in California at such
a time Wia not possess. Each individual
water consumer who takes interest in the
welfare of Oakland should prevent waste
on his own premises and also discourage
his neighbor from so doing.
One city has the low per capita con
sumption of eighteen gallons. Many man
ufacturing cities come below thirty-five
p;illons, but Oakland, -here there "is no
municipal restraint on waste, consumes
las gallons. There is every confidence in
Oakland being- furnished with an abun
dant Bupply- still it is not known how
long this drought will last. By calling
the consumers' attention to the necessity
of abating waste now it may obviate the
necessity of enforcing obnoxious re
straints hereafter, when it might possibly
be necessary.
Oakland is more abundantly supplied
than almost any city in the United States
and that supply can be relied upon during
a long dought if reasonable care is taken.
The farmers in the vicinity of our
neighboring city of San Jose are surrep
titiously depriving the county of all the
water that has been used for sprinkling
streets, the condition of their orchards
from drought being so desperate that
they take the water from the pipes at
night.
Tulare Lake., deriving its sources from
the snow regions of the mountains, is
now lower than during any preceding
drought. I,ake Tahoe, thirty-two miles
long, has been thirty feet below its normal
level. From the Mexican line to within
some fifty miles south of Oakland the
country resembles the Mojave Desert. In
this district a person can cross the large
rivers without wetting his feet. There
Is absolutely a water famine. Under
these conditions Oakland is fortunate in
possessing an adequate supply for all
anticipated future necessities, but "fore
warned is forearmed," and the water now
being wasted might possibly in the dis
tant future be available for some useful
purposes.
In Washington, D. C, where they have
heavy rains nearly every month in the
year, the waste has been so excessive
that the water department has authorized
the expenditure of $1,000,000 for meters to
restrict the waste.
Under ordinary circumstances In Cali
fornia where we have six months without
any rain, and sometimes thirty-six
months with but very scanty rainfall, wa
ter Is a scarce commodity, and under all
circumstances should be husbanded with
care, and in case of a drought indulgence
in waste seems nothing short of a crime.
ILLEGALLY LANDED.
Boatswain Ah Dye of the Beigic
Caught After He had Escaped
From the Steamship.
The second boatswain of tbe Beigic was
Ah Dye, a Chinaman. Being simply a
member of the crew and a laborer he was
not entitled to land, but he deserted the
vessel on her arrival here and managed
to keep out of the way "until yesterday,
when ne was apprehended by Customs
Inspector J. B. Mullen at the Broadway
dock. The prisoner was handed over to
Deputy Surveyor of Customs Chauncey
M St. John, who placed him on board the
Rio de Janeiro in charge of the officers
of the steamship company.
He will be taken back to China as a
member of the crew.
LOST HIS DIAMOND PIN.
Peter Jackson, the Pugilist, Has
Trouble With One Lottie
Douglas.
Peter Jackson, the pugilist, reported to
the police headquarters on Monday that
he had lost a diamond pin valued at $150
In a Mission-street saloon. Detectives
Gibson and Egan were detailed on the
i case, and later in the evening arrested a
I woman who gave the name of Lottie
Douglas and was In the saloon with Jack
son at the time the pin disappeared. When
I searched a pawn ticket for a ring was
; found in her possession, and charges of
grand larceny and vagrancy were placed
against her.
The Charter Can Be Had.
Official copies of the proposed new char
ter in pamphlet form, containing also a
complete index, may be had without
charge, upon application at the office of
the Merchants' Association, Mills build
ing, seventh lloor, room St.
ANXIOUS FOR
A REVERSAL
Judge Belcher Not in
Favor With the Har
bor Commission.
Special Counsel Engaged to
Carry His Decision to the
Supreme Court.
Resolutions Passed and From All
Appearances the Board Is in
Earnest.
"At a meeting of the State Board of
Harbor Commisioners yesterday after
noon it was resolved that the decision
of Judge Belcher against the board
should be appealed, and special counsel
retained in behalf of the board. It was
resolved that counsel for the defend
ants in the two cases of Irving vs. the
board and the case of the Paraffine
Company vs. the same parties, now
pending in the Superior Court, be au
thorized and directed to forthwith take
all necessary steps and proceedings for
new trials and appeals on behalf of the
board.
The Commissioners have expressed
their determination to fight the decision
to the bitter end. Mr. Herrold asked
that the move be first referred to the
attorney of the board and the Attorney-
General, for the purpose of discovering
how long the action of the board would
be held by the appeal, but Special
Counsel F. S. Stratton was of the opin
ion that the appeal should be made and
victory for the board would certainly
follow. Other routine business was
looked into by the board, but it was
evident that the meeting involved prin
cipally the action of Judge Belcher in
his recent decision.
After the decision by the board to ap
peal the case to the higher courts, the
letter written by Attorney Stratton was
placed on record. The letter or appeal
follows:
Honorable Board of State Harbor Com
missioners, 10 California street, City—
Gentlemen: The two suits of Irving vs.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and i'araftine Paint Company vs. same,
have been decided, as you know, in favor
of the plaintiff. While the decisions axe,
as they ought to be, received as express
ing the law as viewed by tne trial court,
I nevertheless advise that appeals be
forthwith taken to the Supreme Court.
And while further the opinion as ren
dered is, as it should be, entitled to re
sp< ct and as of weight, I still further ex
press the belief that the appeals must in
evitably be successful. While your right
to employ special counsel Is assailed,
there can be no doubt of the proper ex
ercise of your power in this instance, for
the reason that the Attorney General has,
in writing, heretofore consented to my
employment as such in this case.
Regarding this same matter, for ser
vices rendered during thr, trial just had
I will not expect any compensation until
the matter or the law is more authorita
tively determined. Since, however, I have
never acted in any case as special coun
sel without the consent of, and unless re
quested by, Mr. Ford, your regular at
torney, and since one Attorney General
has already Hied a written opinion con
ceding your right to employ special coun
sel, and since you have verbally reported
to me the opinion of the present Attor
ney General conceding to you the same
right, and since further this power to so
employ special counsel is. in my opinion
given to the Harbor Commissioners ex
pressly by the act of March 13. 1895 I
would suggest and advise that the whole
matter of the right of special counsel to
act be referred to your own attorney for
In the opinion just rendered by Judge
Belcher I feel that it is my duty to state
that he has in all probability uncon
sciously done me an injustice regard
ing the advice which I gave you relative
to the rejection of bids. The opinion in
question states that I advised the board
that they had no authority to open the
bids, or to award a contract upon a day
not named in the advertisement. He
holds that such an opinion is not sound
law.
I think that Judge Belcher, when his
attention is called to the matter, will at
once recall that I never have given any
such advice. This is the more readily
shown by reason of the fact that my
opinion, dated December 15, 1597, is in
writing, and is on file In your office, and
was introduced as an exhibit in the trial
of these cases. Mr. Holmes testified that
before the bids in question were opened
and before it was known at all that the
plaintiff was the lowest bidder, or in
fact, that any bid had been put in by' the
Parafßne Paint Company for the creosot
ing method. I stated to him that it would
be advisable for the board to return all
bids unopened, and in this way avoid
complication.
After the bids had been opened and
when I was appealed to for my views I
reiterated my former opinion that, since
the right of the board >o open bids on a
day not named in the advertisement
would probably be raised, and since by
opening bids on such a day the board
might be involved in litigation which
would delay the work for from one to
three years, the better plan would
be for the board to avoid all questions
and by readvertising for ten days make
their position in law secure. This cer
tainly waa merely proceeding with cau
tion, and there was no declaration on my
part at any time as to whether the board
had or had not authority to open thp bids
Very respectfully, F. S. STRATTON.
MAYDAY AT SUTRO BATHS.
Extensive Arrangements for the Big
Event.
Extensive preparations are being made
at the Sutro Baths for the children's
Mayday festival, which will take place
on Saturday, April 30, 1898. The big in
terior is being arranged to receive the
large numbers of children who are ex
pected to gather there. The platform
over the tanks has been enlarged, and in
the center a throne has been built for
the May queen. This will be covered
with flowers taken from Mr. Sutro's
grounds. The May poles will be placed
at the corners of the platform and the
seats for the children, who will be dress
ed in white, will be arranged in a semi
circle, rising to the throne like an am
phitheater.
The management has made arrange
ments to give up the entire Sutro
Baths and pleasure grounds for the
enjoyment of the children of the city on
Saiui^ay, April 30, the entertainment will
last from 10 a. m. till late at night, and
c.ere will not be a minute without its
especial form of amusement. Professor
William J. O'Brien has the children in
charge, and his skill in ..raining little
ones in the various faocy dances is al
ready well known to the public of San
Francisco.
There will also be a march, In which
one thousand children will participate, at
the end of which the queen will be
crowned and the triple luay poles deco
rated with their silken red, white and
blue streamers. Afterward there will be
fancy dances. Preparations are being
made to accommodate a large crowd, and
the management of Sutro Baths predicts
a day of unalloyed pleasure to all who
attend the festivities.
Crushed by a Truck.
Arthur Eleston, seven years of age, was
knocked down and run over by a truck
near his home at 4 Freelon street early
last evening. Upon examination at the
Receiving Hospital it was discovered that
the boy had sustained severe bruises
about the limbs and body, and tn» left
ear was almost torn from the head. It
is possible internal Injuries may havp
been sustained. The injured boy recently
moved with his parents tro~i Vallejo to
this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GUNUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
FOB
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lane*.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." hTiiishMedicalJounix
CAUTION: Bee that the label bears the signa-
ture of the tlrm, '„•
Andreas Saxlehner.
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/ 4jU»»JIB*>« KEABXV ST. Established
rJPI l«B» ln 1854 for the treatment of /at 9
t/AlXkcmm Dlse»s«*R, Lost Man hood. Debility or
SKtWWO disease wearingon bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures
otbersfall. Try him. Charges low
NnWmH t'nreußnaraolerd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. F. ..11l i<»\. «ox 1937. Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
■ t i|&^| 21 SEATTLE
ai&g| ! AN ° TACOMA
DIRECT.
The New, Elegant, Past 6teel Steamship
"SENATOR," •
Carrying Freight and Passengers Will Leave
Broadway wbarf, San Francisco, Tuesday,
May 3. 11 a. m. Ticket office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents, 10 Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Go.
Steamers leave Broadway
W|^j^^ wharf, San Francisco:
NM&njh For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
fjpwr^jaw April 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26, May 1.
fflT IDBn transfer at Seattle.
6ifiw*S<' jfjj'f For Alaskan ports (from
DHKr<<^Hll Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m..
' '^^^ftSBSi&l A jrll 27. May I*. June 5. - 6
July 17, transfer at Portland.
For Victoria Vancouver (B. C.) Port Town-
send Seattle. Taeoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1. 6.
11 16 21 2G May 1, and every fifth day there-
after." connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P- Ry-. at Vancouver with
C P Ry ' '■ '■' * ' '■ ■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
April 2, 8, 14, 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota,' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. April 3, 7. 11. 15, 19, 23. 27,
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. April 1. 5. 9, 13. 17. 21. 25, 29, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. May 12,
and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours nf salllnpr.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
O TLA IST ID
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAIIC f l2 F««*Bt Class Including Berth
rHfIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon - April 18, 27
Columbia April "1, 30
State of California ;..'. April 24. May 3
Through T.ckete and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market »t-
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO..
Superintendents. ■
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP, AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK. PHILADELPHIA. SOUTH-
AMPTON. ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL. Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
FLAGS.
..EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana. 3400 tons, Conemaugh, 2100 tons (formerly
ln the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
8. S. Ohio, June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fl?-t of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and Interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
fEBfIPJIIIIiB s - s - ZEALANDIA,
ICBHirfor HONOLULU only,
•I""""* Wednesday, May 4. '2
g ., —^ p. m. Special party
SfMnshlD'-^ "The MARIPOSA
CylKlllDlliy Ba g via Honolulu and
/nrnßflpLU Auckland for Sydney
\U|II[JUIUS) Wednesday, May 18, at
2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North _^*£a*»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <^rfTr\
by this line avoid both transit by ■■■" ■ "'
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second class, $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE ..April 30, 10 a. m;
LA BOURGOGNE May 7, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE ."...». May 21, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE May 28, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, ;"."-•
No. 3 Bowling Green, ••lew York.
J. F. FUGAZI St. CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticeilo"
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs.- and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and — Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
FORSAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS SANTA CFU2
Steamer Aiviso leaves I'ier 1 daily (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco . and Aiviso, 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 41 North
First street. San Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
ME SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ From September 10, 1897, trains will run as
follows:
South-bound. North-bouid. j
Passen- Mixed | ) Mixed I Passen-
ger Sunday Bta- Sunday ger
Dally. Excep"d. tlons. Excep'd. Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am; 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:60 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Vlsalla 6:40 12:40 pm
; Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired. :;,; ...
• Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. : dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings, Coultervllle, etc.:
also with stage for Hornltos, Mariposa, etc. ;
I at Laokershim with stage to and from Madexa.
EAILKO AD TBAVEL,
«uitiii;u> immi'ic conr*SY.
. (l-ACIKIO JVMT.JM
Trnlm l<*n«<> Mini nri' <!■■<• In nrrlfe Hi
MAN rii.»x<:is««». .
(Mai:i Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lkavk — From April 10. 1893. — ahbiti
•6:O«a Niltß. Sum .lose and Way SUtiona... *.S:ls\ ■
7:OOa Kcnicla, Miisii:i Sacramtuto 10:45 a.
7:OOa Maryavil.e. (iruvilleatid Redding fia
WoodUnd 5:4»p
7:00 a Vacaville mid Rumsey 8:13p
7:30 a Martincx, San lUinon.Vallejo. Napa,
I,'alixtuga aud Santa Kosa 6:15p
8:«0a Atlantii Kxpress, OE>ten and Kast.. »:!5f
»i:i«A NilfK. Kail .lost-. Stocktim, lone,
Sacramento, Marymllle, Chlco,
IVhama and K«il Itlitß -lil.ip
••:30a Peters, Miltcin ami Oakd*l# *7:15p
Oi««a New Urleaua I'.M"<-'". Merced. Ray-
mond, liemio, Itskerslieiil. S»ntu
lUrlmra, Ixin Ansi-lfK, I>eininK,
El I'aso, Ne»- Oilcan* and Kiiet. 0i4.1p
9:00 a Vallrjo, Martinez, Msrced and
Fresno 12:15p
•l:OOpS«craiiiento l!i»er Sternum "tf:l>op
liOOp Niles, 8»n J. »c ai.d Way Station*.. # 9:*»\
l::»»l- Martinez hihl Way Statii.ng 7:45p
2:OOp Li»(-rniore, Mecdota, Uaufurd and
Vi»alln 4:13p
Llvetuiore, San Jcse, Nileuand Way
Stations JI0:18a.
«iO«p M:o;ii.,./. Hhii Kanion, Vatlejo, .
Nai>a, <'iili»tni;«, ICI Verami and
<■ Saill:, 1i.18H... •■!»»
4ioop BenicU, Vacaville, Woodland,
KnlgbUl Lauding, MarysvtUe, Oro-
ville bikl SaiTßiiißiito 10:43 a
li3»r Nilea, Saa Jose, TrBcy and Stockton.. 7:15r
4:^up Lattirop, Modesto, Merced, renJa,
Krcum. Mojave (for Uaiidsburg),
Santa ltarliara an-.l 1.4 m Auijeles.. 7i4»A
4i»np .Santa IV l.'milir. Atlitulic ICipresa
for M,.JH»« mid Kaat 6:43p
"fiunabr. Limited," Ix>s Angeles, El
l'aso. Fort Worth. Little llock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East $10: 15 A.
"Hs:3op " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleanii and t.ast §10: 1
fl:OO|- Kiirom-iiii Mail, 0^.1.-n aud Kiist 0:43 a
0:0»i> llnyMui.l..,, N lies San .lose 15a
t*:UOr Valleju. t7:45?
»:OOr Ui'i-koii Kx|ii'eHS,Biicniineiito, Mhijk-
- vfllf. Itr.l.liiiK, rurtfauni, l'li^ot
.Sniiml «ud Hhkl <■■ 8.13 a
SA.\ I.KA.MiKO AMI lIAY\VAKI» LOCAL.
I Koot of Market Street.)
<*O:ooa "I 7 7TTr>A
»:00a Melrose, gtminary Park, t*»:4si.
9:OHa ..,, .1 , , JO:4sa,
lo.oov Htfhbnrtr, Klmliurst, H:l3a
iII:00a San Leamlro. Sonlh San 12:43p
tl2: ° oM I.e»»<«ro, Kstudlllo, |i;J^
i3:6bp ■ Lorenzo, Chrrrr - 14:43p
4:« Op . «5:45p
3:«0p >■■<> 6:13p
SiSOp lUinHrtlll. * 7:43r
7:<»op . MSp
J« :0 « p i Buiii through to Nlles. .SjKE
0:00p 1 Frnm Nileß IO:»«i>
ffllll^P; t * r " m^"eß- [ttl2:oof
COAST lUVInioN (Narrow Uniiire).
(Foot of Market Street. •
J7i4sa Santa Cruz hxcurtion, Santa Cruz
aiid Principal Way Stations JS:O3»
4ilsa Newaik.CeDterriUe.SanJose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Station* Bi3op
•2:15p Newark, Centerrille, San Jo«e, Xew
Alniaden, Feltop, Iluulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 'lOiSOa.
4:1 5p San Jose aud Glenwood 0:20 a.
a4 : l sp Boulder Creek anil Santa Cruz jU:'-J'»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SID FRINCISCO— root or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ]1:0(1a.M. }l:03 *2:flO t3:00
•4:00 t5:30 •6:ooi'.M.
fremOmiKD— Foot •rßroadwij.— "6:oo 6:00 10:OOl.M.
tl2:00 •1:00 t!:00 *3:00 ti:SO "3:00 r.M.
' ('OAST l»l VISION (KroaiMiauge). 5 '
(Thlr.l and nsenrt St«.)
•7:00 a Nan Jose mill Wiiy SULloiih (New
Almailt-" UViliiesdayßOhly) li3«p
}7:SOa Sunday Kicursion for San Jos*.
S*i,U Cruz, r»cific tin)T« , and
Priudpal Way Htations JB:»sj>
9:00 a Han Jraf, Tren I'iiiiiit, HHiitu Crux,
r»cillc Qra*«, l'aso ltobles. Hun
Lull ni>l«i«>, UiuiUlui.e, Surf ami
rr(nci|>al Way Stutltin* 4ilOv
IllilOt Sun .ldHe ami Way SUtlon« •*:<lOa
I1:3Oa San J. »<• an.l Way .Stations  *M:3sa
■U:4sp .Shu Mateo, Kedwood.
Santa Clara, Nwi ,r.«e, rillrr.jr,
Hollister, »unU Onw, Si-.linaa,
Monterey an.l l'acitic Cr>-^ *lO:S3*
**t8l»r SanJuiH,' *
an<l W»y Stations »9!OOa
•4lISp San .lone ami Principal Way Station* 9:45 a
*3:o<>r Jose and rrlncipaHVay Statiom 6:M3a
5:3«!- Hiin.l..K.j*ii.l I'riucipa! Way Stations S:3«p
6:: tO- San Joat ami WayStalii.im 7:SOh
tll:4.')i 3an Jose ami Wajr Statii.nii 7:: top
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
• Suniiiivft eieepimt. I Sundays only. t Sacnrtlays only
I* Monday, Thursdaj and S»uir'lay nights only.
If Thursdays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
{ Saturdays. J Sundays and Monday*
SAN FRANGISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibttroa Ferry, Fo«t of Market St.
bAM FRAN£It>CO Tv SA-N RAFAELu
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:.10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 0:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, ■ 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
5:00, 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedula as above.
Leave | Arrive
San Francisco. In effect Pan Francisco.
. April 23. ' .
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- | , Week
Days. I days._ Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am S:00 am ~ Novato, 10: am sTio am
3:30 pm|9:3o am Petaluma, 6:10 pm,10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, ""'"
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton. . ■
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. [ 7:35 pmj 6.22 pm
7:30 am I Hopland and! 110:25 am
3:30 pm S:00 am Ukiah. . | 7:35 pm[ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
(8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6j22 pm
7:30 amjS:oo am Sonoma |10:40 am 8:40 am
I and I 1
6:10 pm|s:oo pm] Glen Ellen. j 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am|8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
3:30 pm;5:00 pm| . | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Kay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Fide. Lierley's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville. Booneville, Oit's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
iFSMBHHraiT CALIFORNIA
gjfgf LIMITED.
HpfSfiff Ml sanfrTncisgo
3 k B 5 | TO
jll^™^^!]j 11^™^^!] CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries • first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlng-Rcom Sleeper*.
SVi days to Chicago. 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Puilznail
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Can on
fast time. Direct connc- i in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Ka'stern points.
Trains arrl- I and depart frcm Market-street
Ferry. San Frar. :sco ticket office. 6.1 Mark-t
ctreet. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1520. Oakland office. 1113 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street. Bai Jose, 7 Weat
Fanta Clara -.treet.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
.19. 1897.
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *9:30,
11:30 a. m. •1:43, 3:45, *5:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. in.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 'B:oo, »10:00.
•11 30 a. m. *l:15, 3:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 tx. m.
■ Sundays for Point Reyes and way. stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalitu Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
iS. 1897: •
Week Days — 9:30 a. m. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Pound trip from Mill Valley, ■ $1.
THOS. COOK & : SON. Agents, 621 Market
street. San .Francisco.
1314
MELVILLE ATTWOOD BURIED.
The Deceased Was Known on Two Continents as Geologist and
Mineralogist.
The funeral services oVer the body of the late Melville Attwood were
held yesterday morning at St. Mark's Church, Berkeley, after which the
body was brought to this city ami interred in Laurel Hill Cemetery. The
services wore attended by many of the old-time friends of the deceased, and
the members of the Microscopical Society attended the funeral in a body.
The deceased was widely known in scientific circles, both in this country
and England. He was born at Prescott Hall, near Stourbridge, Worces
tershire. England, on July 31, ISI2. He early developed a desire for scientific
research, and after a trip to the gold and diamond mines of Brazil, returning
in 1839. he became manager and part owner of the old Eton mine on the
Isle of Man. In 1^43 he made the first important discovery that gave zinc
a commercial value, and he rolled the first English spelter in Staffordshire.
About this time, his wife's health becoming critical, he disposed of all
his interests and sailed for America, hoping that the change might benefit
1., r. [n 1252 he arrived in New York, and was employed to examine and
report on the work of the Panama Railroad. On the trip the whole crew,
including his own family, were attacked with cholera, and two of the men
died. At Panama he took passage on the old Tennessee for San Francisco.
The first day out yellow fever broke out on board, and the ship's surgeon
was among the first to succumb. Mr. Attwood took the doctor's duties
upon himself, and when the ship arrived in port he was presented with a
splendid testimonial by the officers and passengers for his good services.
On his arrival here he immediately became connected with mining af
fairs as engineer and expert, and he received many diplomas and medals for
his superior work in this line. His contributions to the Mining Bureau and
scientific papers and magazines are so well known as to need but little com
ment. He was a membrr of the Academy of Sciences and the Microscopical
Society of this city and a Fellow of the Geological Society of London, Eng
land.
THE MOHICAN
IN QUARANTINE
Measles Said to Be Epi
demic on the Train
ing Ship.
Fifteen of the Boys in Blue
Came Up on the Steamer
Zealandia.
W. Teane Fell Down the Telegraph
Hi:l Precipice and Lives to
Tell the Tale.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's |
Zealandia. arrived yesterday from Hon
olulu with fifty-four cabin and fifty
four steerage passengers. She had a
fine weather passage throughout and
arrived ahead of time, as she was not
expected before midnight in any event.
The passengers by the steamer say that J
the annexation story was a hoax per- |
petrated on one of the reporters of the !
Hawaiian Star. The reporter asked j
Port Surveyor Stratmeyer of Honolulu |
If there was any news and the latter |
answered: "Yes, great news; we are
going to hoist the stars and stripes to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock." The re
porter immediately hied himself to the
editorial-room of his paper and made
a "top-head story" out of the item. |
Much to his disgust and also to the dis
gust of the readers of the paper Old
Glory was not raised over the Hawaiian
flag the next morning.
The Zealandia brought up fifteen
blue jackets from the United States
steamships Baltimore and Bennington.
Of these four were prisoners on their
■way to Mare Island Prison to serve
out sentences for desertion, four were
in charge of Dr. P. A. Hesler on their
way to Mare Island Naval Hospital
and seven were on their way home,
their time having expired. None of
the seven will take advantage of their
privilege, but all vvilj i ontinue in the
navy until after the war.
Quite a number of the boys on the
training-ship Mohican were in the brig
when the Zealandia loft, while the
warship herself whs in quarantine, as
there was an epidemic of measles
aboard. The boys in the brig were not
there for any grave offense, but had
simply overstayed their leave and
were being punished fur the breach ol
discipline. It was their first visit to
the tropics and life ashore was so new
and strange to them that they stayed
longer than they at first intended. In
consequence the oflicers took a lenient
view of the offense and the boys will
be reinstated when their term ot im
prisonment is over.
Sunday morning last Robert Cowes,
chief steward of the Zealandia, died at
Bea. He came from Honuluiu to take
charge of the steward's* department of
the Zealandia when she was put in
commission and on his arrival here wp.s
a very sick man. He was sufiiciently
recovered, however, to go out on the
steamer, and when the Zealandia was
here last was feeling first rate again.
Just prior to the sailing of tli.- vessel
from Honolulu Co.wes was feeling sick
again, but insisted on making the trip.
He grew gradually worse and in spite
of everything that could be done for
him he died at 6a. m. Sunday. The
body was brought to San Francisco,
where it will be embalmed and pent
back to Honolulu on the Zea'.andia. Thf»
deceased leaves a widow and family
and a large circle of friends in the isl
ands. Robert Cowes was well known
to the traveling: public, having served
for years in the Pacific Mail Com
pany's steamers, and before retiring
from the service had been in the
Oceanic Steamship Company's Mari
posa as chief steward.
"^lnsurance of the big American ship
Phenandoah at the rate of 10 per cent
was paid yesterday. The vessel was
reported the other day to have been
raptured by a Spanish cruiser. A tele
gram was received by the Merchants'
Exchange yesterday to the effect that
on April 4 the Shenandoah was south
west of the Azores. Given the usual
•winds generally encountered in that lo
cality, Captain Murphy's vessel would
have been somewhere in the vicinity of
the place where he was reported to
have been captured. Balfour, Guthrie
! 4 Co.. the charterers of the vessel, still
! doubt the story and think that the
Shenandoah will turn up all right at
Queenstown.
William Teane, a laborer, who lives
on Minna street, had a most remark
able escape on last Monday night. The
special providence that watches over
drunken men must have had him in
charge, for he fell down the Telegraph
Hill precipice and escaped with two
lacerations of the chin, a fracture of
I the left kneecap, a badly abrased right
knee and both hands terribly mangled.
Dr. Diggins patched him up as well as
possible under the circumstances and
then sent him to the City and County
Hospital. Teane says he does not
know how he came to be on Telegraph
Hill, but thinks he must have wandered
there while drunk, and while trying to
find his way home tumbled over the
cliff.
The Austin (Texas) Regatta Asso
ciation is very anxious to get Henry
Peterson, the local oarsman, down
there for its annual regatta. Last
Labor day the association had a most
successful carnival, and Secretary L.
D. Peterson is more than anxious to
secure Peterson for this year's events.
Henry is a great favorite with the
Texans and they are willing to back
him against any of the world's cham
pions. The war, however, will prob
ably keep Peterson in San Francisco,
as he is an ensign in the Naval Bat
talion and one of its most enthusiastic
members.
The rush to the Klondike, via Dyea I
and Skaguay, is petering out, and the
City of Puebla, which sailed yester
day, took away only one or two passen
gers to the gold fields. The Humboldt
has been in port a couple of days, and
the chances of her getting away be
fore Friday or Saturday do not seem j
to be very bright. The steamers Wil- |
lamette, Oregon and Australia have
been withdrawn from the route and
are back at their old business. The
Oregon is running between San Fran
cipco and Astoria carrying passengers.
The "Willamette is carrying coal to
Portland for the Oregon Improvement
Company, and the Australia is being I
got ready to go back into the Honolulu |
trade. The Zealandia will make one j
more trip to the islands, after which j
she will be laid up and the Australia
will take up the run.
GOVERNMENT WINS.
Defaults Taken in a Case of Defalca
tion and Two of Warehouse
Abandonment.
Defaults were entered in the United
States District Court yesterday in the
of the United States vs. William M.
Vickrey and others, the United States vs.
S. G. Glaser, and the United States vs.
Charles R. Bowpn.
Vickrey was Postmaster at Copperopo
lis, Calaveraa County, and was committed
to an asylum for the insane. When his
books were examined it was found that
he was short $642 35 for money paid him |
on money orders. Being insane, he couid
not be prosecuted on a criminal charge,
so in lieu thereof he and his bondsmen
were made defendants in a civil action j
to recover the amount embezzled, to
gether with interest and costs. Vickrey
was discharged from the asylum cured a
short time ago. An attachment has been
levied on his property to secure the col
lection of the judgment.
The judgment against Glaser is for
$I*ll6 38 for duties due on goods aban
doned in the bonded warehouse. That
against Bowen is for ?C24 due in the samS
manner.
Struck the Elevator Man.
Charles "Whelan, who runs elevator No.
2 at the City Hall, had a dispute with one
of the janitors yesterday. The Janitor
struck Whelan, knocking him down and
he landed on his left wrist, breaking It
He went to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Bunnell attended to htm. He did not
know the name of the janitor, but as
soon as he ascertained it he said he
would swear out a warrant for his arrest.
■ ♦ ■
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative BromoQuinlne Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money If it falls to cure. 25c.
The genuine has L. li. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1398.
FAILED TO
WING THE
BOLD THIEF
The Letter-Box Pil
ferer Fired at by
an Officer.
Caught Tampering With
the Mail on Scott
Street.
Allowed to Escape in a Red
Cart Which He Had
in Waiting.
KNOWN TO THE POLICE.
His Ettemin«te- Looking Companion
Also Eluded the Authori
ties.
Discovered In the act of tampering
with a mail box at McAllister and Scott
streets last Monday night one of the
men for whom the postal authorities
are anxiously searching jumped into a
cart which he had in waiting and drove
away. He was detected by a police
man who, realizing that he could not
overtake him, fired three shots at him
in the hope of compelling him to stop.
Unmindful of the leaden missiles which
were sent after him the bold thief fur
iously lashed his horse and disappeared
along Scott street. Word was at once
sent to police headquarters and a num
ber of officers were dispatched to head
off the thief.
After searching the Western Addition
for the audacious culprit the police
men, several hours later, returned to
the central station without having ob
tained a trace of him. He wore a
slouch hat and a long overcoat and,
according to the policeman who detect
ed him in the act of tampering with
the mail box, was fully six feet tall
and was smooth shaven.
During the past few weeks a number
of letter boxes have been opened and
their contents taken. The postal au
thorities, unable to catch the thieves,
enlisted the services of the police. Spe
cial instructions were issued to the
guardians of the peace to closely ex
amine the boxes on their respective
beats and when found to have been
tampered with to at once notify the
superintendent of Station D. Not
withstanding the vigilance of the po
lice amd postal authorities the daring
thieves continued to ply their vocation,
periodically opening as many as a
dozen boxes tn one night.
The fact that they operated in a red
cart, to which was attached a gray
horse, was discovered about a week
ago. A police officer whose beat is on
Golden Gate avenue saw the men drive
up to a letter-box on Steiner street and,
alighting from the cart in which they
were seated, proceeded to open the box.
He attempted to arrest them, but,
catching a glimpse of him, they
Jumped into their cart and drove away.
Last night the following description
of the men was read off to the police
men connected with the Central sta
tion:
No. I— Fully G feet in height, -weight
about 190 pounds, round face, good-na
tured looking; dark mustache; wore dark
sack suit, dark slouch hat and long dark
overcoat.
No. 2— Height about 5 feet 4 inches, very
slim; smooth face, very effeminate look
ing; wore a dark cutaway suit and a der
by hat.
The police are inclined to believe that
the "short man" was in the vicinity
when his confederate was fired at by
the policeman Monday night. It is pos
sible, they think, that he was tamper
ing with another box near by when the
officers discovered his confederate and
vainly endeavored to capture him.
Chief Lees has instructed his men to
shoot the thieves if they fail to stop
when commanded to do so.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elizabeth C. and E. F. Henzel, Julia F. and
| E. P. Hulme, J. M. Jennie I), and Frank B.
I Cavarly to Cavarly Estate Company (a cor
! poratlon), lot on N line of Sutter street, 182:6
E of Flllmore. E 27:f> by N 137:6; also lot 9,
block 2K9, and lots 1. 2 and 3. block 249, South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad As
sociation; also lot on S line of Sutter street,
165 W of Buchanan, W 32:6 by S 137:6; also
lot on N line of California street, 178:7 W of
Steiner. W 2a :6 by N 120; also lot on S line of
Sacramento street, 156:3 E of Steiner. E 2j by
S 127:6; also lot on S\V line of Nineteenth
avenue, ISO XW of X street, N\V 75 by SW
100, lot 2. block 257, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; also lot
in Mountain View Cemetery <Al3 Co.); $10.
I Joen and Margaret Coop, James \V. and Mary
Smith to Marlah L,. Dolliver (wife of Samuel
I R.), lot on NE corner of Frederick and Cole
1 streets, N 110 by E 60; $10.
Peter Lynch to Margaret Lynch, lot on NE
line of Tenth street, 100 SE of Howard. SE
125 by NE 100; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
E Thompson, lot on SE corner of Fifteenth
and Dolores streets, E 149, S 54, S 80 deg. 30
mln. Wto point. Wto Dolores, N 63 :5; $
Burnham & Marsh Company (a corporation)
to Margaret E. Ker (wife of Charles E). lot on
W line of Valencia street. 40 N of Liberty, N
50 by W 110, quitclaim deed; $10.
Maggie E. Ker (wife of Charles E.) to Sam
| uel Crescenzo, same; 110.
I Selden Leonard (by George T. Knox, attor
j ney) to Marie C. Kratz, lot on W line of Bart
lett street, 135 S of Twenty-third, S 35 by \V
I 120; $10.
Edward F. and Bridget Jones to Richard D.
Jones, lot on N line of M (Alvarado) street,
125 E of Guerrero, E 50 by N 114, Quitclaim
deed; $500.
Hibernia Savlnes and Loan Society to
Charles G. Fredell, lot on N line of Twenty
fourth street, 180 E of Castro, E 23 by N 114;
$16'K).
riizabeth Floyd to Thomas L. Floyd, lot on
SE line of Howard street. 365 SW of First. SW
25 by SE 65 : gift.
Hannah M. Smith (executrix, et at.) to Wil
liam H. Clark, lot on NW line of Folsom
street 75 NX of Fourth, NE 60. NW SO. NE
25. NW 15, SW 80, SE 15. NE f>. SE 80; $15,000.
William Glselman (trustee) to L. M. Hoefier.
lot ond NW corner of Huhhel and Sixth
streets, N 240 by W 275, quitclaim deed; $10.
Henry M. Mitchell to Samuel K. Mitchell,
lot on' E line of Twenty-eighth avenue. 173
N of Clement street, N GO by W 120: $1.
Man' L- and James W. Buchanan to Solo
man Getz. lot on NW corner of M street and
Ninth avenue. N 10*1 by W 27:6; $10.
William Weaver to Mary A. Weaver, lot on
W line of county road. 9« S from S boundary
line of lands of estate of Peter Georce. de
ceased, S 29 bar 137:6; also lot on NW line of
Paris street, UK) NE of Brazil. NE 50 by NW
100, block 13, Excelsior Homestead; cift.
Edward A. and Rhoda T. Macmahon to J.
J. Raver, re- record of 1709 d iOl. 1753 d 196, all
property in San Francisco County; IS.
Thomas and Jennie Whltten to Arthur H.
Sanborn. lot on S line of Ridley street, 75 E
of South Brodcrick. E 25 by S Htotffc, lot 4.
block 8, Spre<i"kels' subdivision blocks A, B and
C. Park Hill Homestead No. 2; $10.
Alameda County.
Oakland Consolidated Railway Company to
City of Oakland, all interest In that portion of
Seventeenth street which lies between W line
of Center and line of right of way of Northern
Railway Company. Oakland: $1.
Charles and Ida V. Armstrong to Marcelia
P. Raleigh, lot on S line of Forty-fourth street,
290 W of Market. \V si by S 100, being lot 11.
block 2097. Alden Tract. Oakland Annex: $10.
George Miles to Jacob Schmidt, undivided
| half Interest in lot 54, block X, on Map of sub
i division A. Thermal rancho at Sunol. Murray
i Township; $10.
Kliiabeth Kelly to G. and Vitt Centini, lot on
NE corner of Fifth and Castro streets, E 75 by
N 25, block 50, Oakland: $10.
H T, Lnlly to Klizalv»th Masterson. lot 12.
block H, Clinton Mound Tract, East Oakland;
$10.
C. E. and Alice G. White, E. P. and Vivian
P. Vandercook to Charles L. White, all inter
est in lot 1, block 8, Map of East Oakland
Heights. East Oakland; $10.
Elisha and Lioretta W. Lambert to O. C.
Kirk, lot on corner of Fifth avenue and East
Ninth street, NE 106 by NW 105, block 8, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $10.
Gertrude E. Clarke to Henrlette Meunler, lot
6, block J, Stone Tract, being a subdivision of
lots 1. to 5, of Stone Subdivision of Brooklyn
Township, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Helen U. «le Lanza ami M*ri;i Richardson to
Cornelia Willoughby, lot on S line of Fourth
street, I<X) \V of Broadway W 50 by S 100, block
30. Oakland; $10.
S. Hamilton to Mary B Odell, lot on E line
of Harrison street. 1494 N of Twelfth. N TS by
E 150, being lot 14, Alice Park property. Oak
land, subject to a mortgage for S;V>00: $10.
F. S. and Emily M. Page to Nellie H. Story,
lot on NE line of East Sixteenth street. SO SE
of Seventh avenue, SE 2:* by NE 100. block 84,
Clinton. East Oakland, quitclaim deed ; $10.
Fritz E. and Emma Dahlgren to Eugene L.
Courtain. lots 32 and 33, CUremont Park, be
ing: v. resubdivisinn of lots 2. 4 to S, block I,
Vernon Park, Oakland Annex; $10.
.1. A. and Margaret Eastman to Genevieve
CJark. lot IS. block D, Broadway and Telegraph
Avenue Park Tract. Oakland 'Annex, subject
to a mortgage for $12<'>0 ; $2250.
Genevieve G. Clark to C A Speetzen, same,
Oakland Annex: $10
Mary T. Axtell to Barbara M. Paul, lot on
E line of Bray avenue 30:, N of East Four
teenth street. N 41.02. E 160 N 41. E 14?. SG, S
52.35, W 2M.30 to beginning. Wins a portion of
Bray Tract, Brooklyn Township: *tO.
Esther A. Quigley to James Ha#an. lots 1. 2.
3, 11 and 12. block 40. Town of Liverniore, Mur
ray Township; f2"il.
Thomas I", and Charlotte J Hanson to Plerm
Fontaine, lot on S line of Frederick street. 110
\> of Telegraph avenue, as it existed June 5,
1872 thence W 40 by S 100. Oakland: 12850.
Ihoma* \\ . and Jane A. Badger to Millie L.
V right, lot on SE line of Eighth avenue, 300
BW of East Tenth street, SW 190. SE 337. N'E
23. N\V 300, to beginning, East Oakland: $10.
Delos and Harriet A. Pratt to Aaron Wood,
lot on SW line of East Twenty-first street. 100
N\V of Twenty-second avenue. NW 25 by SW
60. block 51. Town of San Antonio, East Oak
land; $10.
C. B. and Olive P. Bergen to Harriet A.
Pratt, all interest in lots 10 and 11. block F,
Fniltvale Terminal tract. Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Laura A. Pinney to Louis Timmerman, lot
32, block A. Revised Map Prospect Hill tract,
Brooklyn Township; $450.
Andrew nnd Jane C. Jones to John and Fanny
Daley, lot 6, block B, Map of Andrew Jones'
subdivision of Brooklyn Township, Brooklyn
Township: grant.
Joseph Morath to I. T. Powers, lot on E line
of Calhoun avenue, 17570 P from S line County
road. Oakland to San Leandro, S B0 by E 100,
being lot 2S, block G, Huntlngton tract; Brook
lyn Township: $600.
Joap C. and as attorney and Mary C. Ig
nacio (by attorney) to Catharina Martin (wife
of Joseph Martin), lot 43, Map of Smith's sub
division of San Leandro. to correct former
deed, Eden Township, quitclaim deed; grant.
» m ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs A P Relty. SaeralS Gleason, Sacra
T Hunter, Elko. Nev C M Tlldon. Woodland
Mrs A Miller. F C Sharkey, N Z
L L Myers, Cal J C Hav-r.s. New Z
W W Mlddlecoff. Cal D R Wade. Oakland
T P Williams. Conn Thos Keogh, S Lake
J T Boag. Chicago L U Grant. Nevada
W J Barry. Castroville F D Frost. P Robles
C A Johnson & wf. P M GafrVy & wf, Cal
J B Armstrong. Cal M C Clark A- wf Cal
C Burray, San Rafael Cora A Robertson. Cal
J W Herkner, Cal \V H Ilerins, Brooklyn
J S Jones & wf S Jose Fred Mason. Sacra
L A Spitzer, San Jose S N Matthews, Cal
T E Spitzer, San Jose F. He! bun. Salinas
A L Mastin. Hostun G G Brooks, Colusa
J W Bowen. L A W C Waters, Salinas
J B Yearn. Los A C F Robinson, Cal
John Schmidt & da, 111 E A ChSlton, Ivy
Win Mitchell, Nev W W Crabb, Oakvllle
J Henderson Nev L A SplUser, San Jose
C Francis, Salinas N G Nagle. S Rosa
T S Moore & wf. Cal C A Johnson & wf, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs E G Waldrcw, 111 Miss L Blow. Cal
I W Bonbright, Colo A E Hogan, Vancouver
J M Barney. Dutch Fl T J FioM. Monterey
G T Coffey, S Juan H D Ptnne, N V
H D West, Minn Mrs H D Stone, N V
G Mason, L Ang ■ R H Porter. Denver
F C Sanford, S Jose J McNeil. S Cruz
W D Bliss. Carson J W Connor, Colo
J T MeCall. Oakland. Mrs J W Connor, Colo
H W Adams. Sacto I Hall & m. N V
R E Hyde, Visalia ! R H Meyers. L Ang
Mrs F R Scully & m, J P Erie. L Ang
Chicago Mrs A Schmidt &b. Cal
Miss B Rees. Pa J F Boyd, S Rafael
C Rees Pa H V rooke. St Louis
G M Evans. Cal Mrs II N Cook. Cal
Mrs G M Evans, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A N Rosenegk. Cal J II K.-ese & wf Cln
S Adams. Truckee R H Copp. Rocklln
C Henderson. G Rapids S W Pc Witt. Wash
I L Hollul & wf. Mich A W Dickie & wf, N V
c i: Phipps. Sacra J P Hermann. Cal
F Shields. Sacramento .1 Phraw & wf. 11l
F R King & wf. Cal I F Bndsale. Sacra
G B Banshaw, U S N Lehman Blum, Cal
J R Day, Memphis ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J P Pendergaet. Los A|O M Noonan. Sa Clara
A Monaghan. S Rosa IEI E McLaughlln. Cal
Mrs W A Ellis. Los AJW L McLeod. Detroit
M Casey. Ukiah H A Ambrose, Tulare
A Brown & w, Cal B C Conrad. Calaveras
J G Bardell. Sona** E G Littleton. Chicago
M B Schneider. Cal R N Murphy. &acto
C M Boyle, Fresno |J ONeil, AshUnd
R Howard, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night 1<- the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
correr Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street.; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o^clrck.
€15 Larkln street; open v "I 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
J261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
J526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
IDOS Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftreets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- JK/C
gree. C. D. HUNKER, Secretary. '^r A
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and ■
A. IL— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _^\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- TKJC
gree. THEO. FROLICH, Secretary. *_**
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-JV-
DAT) EVENING. April 27. at < ; 30t£3c
o'clock. Third degree. /NT
THEODORE E. SMITH. Secretary.
CROCKETT LODGE NO. 159. F. AND m
A. M.-D. 2 THIS (WEDNESUAY)
EVENING, April 27, at 7:30 o'clock. TCX
By order of the Master. ' *~
H. FORTRTEDE. Sec.
UNDER the auspices of the Knights of 0
the Red Branch, the twenty-ninth an- Kj>
nual picnic and reunion of the Irish *J<r^»
Nationalists of California will be held '»** r
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on next
Sunday, May 1. On this occasion the danc-
ing and games will be much more attractive
than ever before. The bert Jig and reel danc-
ers on the coast will compete for valuable
prizes. THE COMMITTEE.
UNITY Lodge. K. of P., will confer A?
the Knight Rank (lone form) on two «- J*A
esquires on THURSDAY EVENING, '2&EU
April 2S. at Pythian Castle. 909 4BQIE»
Market st. All knights are cordially Invited
to attend. G. M. HAUPT. C. C.
L. W. GATES, K. of R. and S.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Hutohinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 10th day of
May. 189 R. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other* business as may come be-
fore the meeting. TrsAisfer books will close
on FRIDAY. April 29, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS R. DUVAL, just from the East; expert
chiropodist and manicure. Rooms 2 and 3,
223 Post st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 2U4 Sutter st. ; 2d floor.
MISS U. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room a.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. HIS Market St., rm. 8.
POOM3 pa pored from $2 50; whitened, $1. 343
Third st. and 28OS Twenty-fourth.
RAY FAIR, magnetic healer and card reader.
20S O'Farrell st.. room 2.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Rooir 10, 211 O'Farrell st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths 120'^ Geary st., room 11.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. Ul
Post St.. room iO. second floor front.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
2ir> Kearny st.. room 2.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
bath*. 15' i Turk and 111S Market, rms. 15-16.
MME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
BRANCH offire of The Call. 10C Eleventh St.—
Want ad? and subscriptions taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. SO (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Mon-
day, May 2, 1898. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, April 26, IS9S at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATaCnS WANTED— FEMALE.
i HOTEL DEPARTMENT — : — — -f
: ..Housekeepers, American and Swedish; Amerl-
i can and Swedish linen room women: 2 flrst-
| class lroners; Swedish laundress; 2 first-class
cooks; 10 first-class waitresses, and 20 flrst-
class chambermaids, awaiting situations at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st. Phone
I , Grant 185.. • ... - ■ . • .■
; WE have 4 flrst-class family cooks; 2 Swedish
second girls: 2 first-class nurse girls and any
number of srirls for city and country places.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary, st. Phone,
Grant IS3.  v . ■ |
FIRST-CLASS- German cook and housework
girl desires situation: 2M. years last place;
city or country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter. j
I NEAT, capable German jrirl desires situation
| at cooking and housework. $10 to $15; refer-
[ ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter si.
| FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation in hotel
I ,or boarding house: country preferred. MISS
CULLEN. 3?r. Sutter st. --
| LADIES desiring first-class help of all na-
tionalities can secure same by calling on or
addressing your orders to MISS CULLEN.
320 Sutter St., or phone Grant 120. . f >,«
i AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of flrst-class girls await situa-
tions; a Norwegian girl to do second work,
I care of children or housework, $15; a flrst-
| s' s Swedish house girl. 3 years last place,
Joa' a German second girl, city or country.
$-0; a flrst-class Swedish seamstress and
chambermaid; a nurse with 3 years' refer-
ences, and a flrst-class Norwegian cook and
I a number of young girls to assist. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
NO. 1 Scandinavian cook, best of reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
i SMART respectable girl wishes position to do
"econd work; flrat-clasa references. Apply
1812 Market at., room 9.
j POSITION to do general housework in small
-— yby respectable girl. 1812 Market si.
COMPETENT girl desires position to do up-
stairs work and waiting; best reference.
Please call 925 Harrison at. no postals.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes work
in a small family; good plain cook; reference.
Call 245 Natoma st.
! COMPETENT person wants situation as nurse;
excellent reference. Call at former employ-
era, 2600 Jackson at.
COMPETENT woman; housework; good cook,
laundress, or will do day's work; not afraid
of any kind of work. 79 Jessie St.. between
First and Second.
YOUNG woman wishes general housework;
plain cooking: will work by the day; light
housework and take care of baby. 270 Jessie.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing and
ironing; cleaning or cooking. 1215 Geary st.
FIRST-CLA?>S waitress wants situation; wages
$25; willing to do laundry work. Call 3 Mc-
Dermott place, off Jones st., near Eddy.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman wishes a
position as housekeeper; no objection to child-
ren. Address box 1649, Call office.
YOUNG lady, good stenographer, typewriter ov
assistant boolfceeper, desires i>osition; salary
$5 per week , best of references. Address box I
1652. Call.
COMPETENT woman: first-class cook and
laundress; city or country; good reference.
362 Jess'.e st.
GOVERNESS, experienced, wishes a sum-
mer engagement in the country: English,
French, mathematics, music. Box 1C77. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes situation; good cook;
general housework; wages $10 mo. A. D.. box
1660. Call Office.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes situation-
upstairs work. 513 McAllister st.
LADY of refinement and culture as com-
panion to young girl requiring special care;
no objection to travel: best ref. Box 1658, Ca11.
AS manager summer resort by lady ex-
perienced In hotel business, or as house-
keeper. city or country hotel. Box 1657. Call.
NEAT young girl wishes to assist In light
housework. Call bet. 2 and 4. 326 Devisa-
dero, cor. Oak.
COMPETENT wcman wants a situation, has
fine references: no objection to country.
Call at 2269 Geary.
COMPETENT wrman would like situation; is
good plain cook; will do washing In small
private family; wages $16. 9 Tay st. oft
Clay. ' ,
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situa-
tion to assist In general housework. Ad-
dress Glrard House, 142 Seventh st.
GERMAN woman would like position at day
work; can do almost anything. Box 1664
Call office.
YOUNG girl would like a place in kitchen or
small coffee-house. 726 Mission Bt.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman, thor-
oughly trustworthy, wishes a position as
housekeeper, or to take charge of house
while the parties are absent. X, box 1674
! Coll office.
WANTED— a position by a good, willing girl
for laundress or general housework- recom-
pense $20 to $25. Call at 39 Albion aye., near
Sixteenth st.
GIRL wishes situation for housework. Call
260S Mission St., near Twenty-second.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes situation
to do up stairs work, wait on table, assist In
housework; references. Apply 140 Cumber-
land St., near Dolores; down stairs.
YOUNG girl wishes position to assist In light
housework or take care of children; sleep
home. Call at 455 Hayes st.
GOOD dressmaker wishes employment In some
respectable family; will also assist with
chamber work. Address H., Call branch of-
fice, 387 .nayes st.
GOOD dressmaker wishes engagements by the
day or week: price $1 per day; good fit guar-
anteed. Address MISS R., Call branch office
387 Hayes st.
BY an exceedingly neat woman, any kind light
work: care one child or assist an aged couple;
wages from $12 to $15. Call 40 Eleventh St.,
corner Mission; up stairs.
NEAT, worthy widow, elderly, wants situation
In widower's family preferred; home the chief
object. Address box 1651, Call office.
YOUNG, strong German woman wants wash-
ing, ironing, cleaning by the day; $1 and car-
fare. If., 1126 Folsom St.; postals answered
Immediately.
WOMAN wishes situation In clt^ or country;
good cook and do general housework. Box
1646, Call Office.
GERMAN woman wishes a few more places to
wash by the day. Call or address MRS. A.
DELME. 79 Clementina St.. near Second.
SMART, Intelligent girl would like a position
In a candy store. 110S Hyde-st. terrace, flat 4.
RESPECTABLE girl for second work and sew-
ing or chamber-work and care for children;
no postals. Apply at 1816^ Post st.
YOUNG fclrl would like to take care of child;
Is good seamstress. Address 203 Surrey st.
RELIABLE refined person, German, wants
situation as working housekeeper. Box 1653,
Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman Wishes work of any
kind by the day. Address 606 Naorna st.
YOUNG girl wishes housework and plain cook-
Ing. 42S Clemeiitina st.
DRESSMAKER will go out by the day or work
taken In at home. 539 Turk St.
YOUNG Swede girl wishes situation as house-
work in a small American family: wages $20
per month: can do good plain cooking. Call
at 91 Ninth st.
WANTED— Washing, Ironing or house-clean-
ing by the day ; good reference. MRS. M. E.
SJSNBEH, 15 Minna st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until »:30 j
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want «<]s taken. !
SITUATIONS WAMBD-MALE.
WANTED ~ 222Z11
Your order for any kind of skilled or un-
skilled labor; city or country; prompt atten-
tion and ratlsfactory dealing with C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st. ; tel. Grant ISS.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employir.c/it office;
best help. 414V4 OFarrell st. ; tel. East 42C.
JAPANESE. Chln-se Employm 1 : Office; choice I
help: tel. Grant ' Geo. Aoki. 30 Gear- st.
MAX and wife (middle-aged) want positions on ;
a chicken ranch; good fruit-grower and wine-
maker; wife (rood cook, alsu first-class
needlewoman; good references. Box 1666,
• •.,11 Office.
CARPENTER; general workman; has a good
chest of tools; well recommended; city or
country. Call or address Carpenter, 164S Mis-
sion st.. In the rear.
COOK, good all around, first baker and pastry
cook, wants situation, city, country or steam-
ship, by Ist of May. E., box 1675, Call.
MAN and wife want situations as cooks in
boarding house; city or country. Box 1667.
Call Office.
GOOD plain waiter desires steady position. In-
quire at room 22, New Atlantic Hotel, 207
Montgomery aye.
' YOUNG man wants work; handy at paper
hanging, painting, whitening; city or coun-
try; will work reasonable. Box 1645. Call.
YOUNG man to attend to horses or drive a
bakery wagon: Mission preferred; with ref-
erences. Box 168*. Call office.
MARRIED man capable and obliging wants
work of any kind. BAILEY, 27 Chattanooga.
6OBER. honest, industrious young man will
work for board. Address Box 1665. Call.
GOOD strong hoy not afraid of work want 9
work of any kind. DOWNEY, 27 Chattanooga.
WANTED— Position in general merchandise
store; grocery and bartender. Box 1671 Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
WANTED work of any kind by young man
speaking English, German, Spanish; Is fair
penman and 1 accountant. Box^ 16SS Call.
SITUATION as Janitor by first-class painter
"* and paper-hanger: used to general Jobbing
work. H. 8.. Fruitvale P. (f.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober young man wishes posi-
tion as coachman; trood driver and handy
around place; city or country. Box 171 S. Call.
GOOD Japanese cook; eight years' experience;
no wash B. A., box 11. Call office, Oakland.
JAPANESE K° of s cook, with wife, wishes any
kind of steady work; city or country. Ad-
dress T. TAGUCHI. place.
HOTEL clerk bartender and solicitor. Address
box 1745. Can_offlce.
T"O~ Architects— Position wanted as clerk of
works or superintendent: 10 years' European
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314. Call office.
EXPFRIE-NCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and jids^taken.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Vhird st.. near Mar-
ket? M rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to M
week: convenient -nd respectable; free bus
and raggage to and from fer -y.
CHEAPEST and best inAmerica-Tln %V*}l
Coll Sent to any address In the United
Stntes or Canada one year for II 00. poitig*
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
WAITRESS Maryaviile, $22 .0; Sacramento,
$9); Auburn, $20? Bakersfleld $20; Fresno $6
a week; waitress, city. $20; 2 waitresses, $1S;
chambermaid and wait, $18: hotel cook, coun-
try, $15; 3 lunch and dinner waitresses. « a
week and $20. C. R. HA*. SEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
3 RESTAURANT waitresses; *6 a week and
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary^st.
3 WAITRESSES for the same countr -hotel ;
$20 and fare paid. C, R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Gearv st.
HEAD waitress for a year-around country ho-
tel; $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
ARM waitress; country hotel: $20; fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 FIRST-CLASS Ironers for Vancouver, B. C. :
$30 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WE want a number of Swedish. German and
American girls for city and country places.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
REFINED middle-aged woman, ranch, $15, fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt. _
MOTHER and daughter, ranch, $30. MISS
_CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK. $35: 2 second girls, $25 and 520; 16 young
girls, housework, *20 and $25: 8 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WOMAN with a child. $8 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $5 per week: cook,
mining town. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS laundry woman, city hotel,
must understand marking, $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
SECOND WORK and s— mstressT $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nursing governess, $25; French gov-
erness, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED nurse; one child; $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED girl; light housework; country: for
3 months; $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $25, 2 In family: French maid.
$25; housework. Ross Valley, $25; Alameda,
$20. MISS CfLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl; light work; $12 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, country, $30: second girl, same house,
$25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR Norwegian cook. 4 years last place,
desires situation. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
LADIES' Select Exchange, managed exclu-
sively by ladies; strictly confidential in its
operations; situations secured for teachers,
governesses, companions, bookkeepers, clerks,
salesladies, copyists, trained nurses; member-
ships Issued. Including all commercial posi-
tions; investigate. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' Commercial Employment Exchange;
strictly first-class; 25 years' experience in
the largest business centers; modern In all
departments. 313 Bush st.
300 LADY members, united for mutual pro-
tection, each assisting the other to secure
lucrative employment. 313 Bush st.
LADIES looking for select positions should
call or address 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion, agreeable disposition; ref-
erences required and given at once. 313 Bush.
LADY bookkeeper; dentist. Ladles' Exchange.
New management. 313 Bush St..
GERMAN maid for grown children, $25; 4 Ger-
man, Scandinavian and American second
girls and seamstress, $20 and $25; 3 cooks In
American and German families. $30; nurse,
$20; 2 cooks In boarding house and restaurant,
$30 and $7 a week; 4 waitresses, $20 and $5 a
week, and a large number of girls for house-
work in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girl and seamstress, across the bay,
$25; girls for housework, Santa Rosa $25.
Callstoga $20, Healdsburg $20, Alameda $20
and $2b, San Rafael $20, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl, family of 2," $25; German
girl. $20. family of 3; 2 neat Irish houseglrla,
$25 and $20; 6 young girls to assist, $10 to
$15; nursegirl, $10. MRS. NORTON. 323
Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and $20.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
NURSE girl, 1 child, 3 years old. $15; nurse
girl. $20. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, 2 in family. $20; second girl, $25.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
GERMAN housegirl, Alameda, $20, choice
place. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
WOMAN, 20 to 25, for light housework; 1 in
family: wages $8. Call before 11:30 a. m., 710
Lombard st.. cor. Montgomery aye.
NEAT young girl for general housework: good
plain cook; American family. 1241 Leaven r
worth st.
GIRL or woman to assist with children or
light housework. 639 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl for light housework; wages $S.
Apply at store, corner of Treat aye. and
Twenty-fifth St.
WANTED— Young lady cook, mining camp.
Address W. S., box 165€, Call office.
AN experienced girl to attend a bakery, $10,
room and board. 3025 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Housekeeper who understands nurs-
ing for family 2. Box 1662, Call office.
YOUNG girl for housework; no cooking. Call
forenoon, 1628 Sutter st.
W( 'MAN to assist in housework. 1618 Green
street.
WANTED— Finisher on custom coats. Apply
at 8 Grove St.. near Larkln.
WANTED— Young girl to help light housework;
good home. 2635 Mission st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework;
wanes $20. 510 Fulton et. : upper fiat.
2 WAITRESSES wanted. Model Restaurant,
753 Market *st.. basement.
WANTED— Two girls at 906 Market St., room
40; good wages.
GOOD seamstress wanted at 2730 Twenty-fourth
st. Call at onc#.
WANTED— Operator on custom coats. 473 Te-
hama st.
WANTED— Good sewers and apprentices; pay-
ing by learning. 415 O'Farrell st.
GOOD coat finisher and experienced appren-
tices: good pay. 76 Harriet st.
GlRLS— Operators, finishers and apprentices
for children's coats. Apply 14 Sansome. r. 51.
GOOD German girl for general work. Apply
150(5 Howard st.. near Eleventh.
WANTED — Young girl. light housework,
small family. 5 Howard court, near 4th.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Call 11
Sixth street.
FRENCH or German girl for upstairs work;
sewing and care of children. 1130 O'Farrell.
FIRST-CLASS hand at dressmaking. 845 Cali-
fornia st. ,
NEAT young girl for housework: small family;
good home. 2504 Clay^st.
WANTED— Finishers on military cc*ts. 560
Fourth st., near Brannan.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework. 731
Green st., near Mason.
GIRL, general housework and plain cooking,
small family; wages $15. 12164 Golden Gate.
TAILORESS and finishers on custom coats.
Apply 254 Ellis st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; famlly
of three; wages $15. 1530 Grove st.
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St.. room 1.
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1020 Market
Bt. : monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position!
free: patterns 25c MrPOWKLL'3. 103 Pcwt.
HELP WANTED- MALU.
COOK for officers' table at a mine. $45. C R
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GERMAN style hotel cook. $50 to $60; coolT
small hotel, near city, 535; cook, boarding-
house. ?30; 4 waiters. $2" and $10 a week; 4
dishwashers, country hotels. $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SHOP confectioner, $75 and found; baker,
small country hotel, $33; second baker, coun-
try. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
2 IRONERS, country hotel, laundry. $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
MILKER. $>■"> and found; stable boy, country,
$10, fare advanced; porter, s-mall hotel, $i;,.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
POTTERY molders on white ware. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 SCANDINAVIAN shovelers for a mine. $to ;
see boss here this morning. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. Ui Geary st.
I WHEELWRIGHT^.-, and found. C. R.
HANSEN * CO.. 10! Geary s^
10 MORE pick and shovel men for railroad
work; to go to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
A— 9 COOKS For Different Places
!• Waiters For Different Placet
2 Bakers —
2 Ironers For Different Laundries
2 Ranch Cooks For Different Places
2 Can Poamers For Different Places
3 Milkers For Different Places
10 Laborers —For Different Places
20 Woodohoppers For Different Places
These Jobs range from $15 to $S6 per month
and loun<l. "Come see us" If you want
work. MURRAY & READY.
A— WAR Called them to Duty
Employers of Help —
As many of your employes have or will b»
called to fight for our great and glorious
country, the United States of America, thel*
places must temporarily be filled. W»
shall be very pleased to supply you with
first-class help "free of charse." Please re-
member, we sent (17.C00) seventeen thou-
sand men to work during year 1897. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agts., 634 and 636 Clay. Telephone Main SS4S.
REPORT— Registrations, male department.. 4Bo
Registrations, female department 2'jO
770 members; 1002 orders; SDO at work; 25
yearn established; has opened and operated
125 offices. England, Canada and United
States. Clerks' Association, 313 Bush st.
HEADQUARTERS the only membership com-
mercial employment bureau on the Pacific
Coast. 313 Bush Bt.
1385 IN 6 months; evidence of popularity, hon-
esty, system. The Clerks' Association, exclu-
sively commercial, 313 Bush st.
MEMBERSHIPS only; weekly benefits when
out of work after 3 months: investigate. |
Clerks' Association (Incorporated), 313 Bush. j
OFFICE clerks, assistants, bookkeepers, time-
keepers, hotel clerks, traveling salesmen,
drivers, porters, find paying, steady positions.
313 Bush st.
185 MEMBERS slve written indorsement to
Clerks' Exchange to-day. 313 Bush st.
1 HOTEL steward; head waiter; bill clerk;
stockkeeper; hotel clerk. 313 Dush st.
WANTED^Electrlcal draughtsman and ma-
chinist; 4 laborers. $1 75 a day. and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Waiter and open oysters. $35; walt-
! er, country restaurant, $35; cook, small place,
country, see boss this morning. $30; cook,
country restaurant, $40; cook and wife, small
country hotel. $50; Japanese man servant for
private gentlempn to go to .Alaska, $25, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man ami wife to take entire
charge of bath-house at springs hotel; good
wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WANTED— German second cook. $50; bell boy.
etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
BOY to drive wagon. $10 and found, near city.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st. __
WANTED— IOO men with $100 each, that are
willing to Join stock company in manufac-
turing articles that are used every day; big
demand for the goods; each man can have
good position: $2 50 per day; investigate.
Box 1647. Call office.
YOUNG man from 16 to 18 years for locksmith
and electrical work, with some experience
and German preferred, at SOU Sixteenth St.,
near Mission
WANTED— A domestic dry goods salesman
for Sacramento. Apply from 2 to 3 p. m..
No. 523 Market st, room 7.
WAITER wanted at 10 J Seventh St.; restau-
rant; wages $25.
STRONG boy. about 18, to run an elevator.
Box 1652. Call office.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission at., cor.
Fourth.
WANTED— Shoemaker to work on commission:
privilege of buying shop given. Call at 501
O'Farrell st.
PORTER for baths. Lev/is, who worked 120
Geary last Saturday, call immediately.
GOOD waiter wanted 106 Second st.
WANTED— Cook at 1857 Market st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
STRONG young man with some experience In
pants pressing. 47 Third st.
AN elderly man to do chores around a bak-
ery. 113 i» Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages: only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO.. room 515, 328 Montgomery, S. F.
WANTED— The address of GEORGE HUO-
GINS, otherwise called "English George."
Address H.- M.. Call Branch office. Oakland;
will hear something to his advantage.
3 GOOD canvassers wanted. 9 Geary, room 2.
OLD gardener to work 2 hours day. 30 Hanna
st., Berkeley train, Oakland.
BARBER wanted: steady place. In 5-cent shay-
ing parlor, at 408 Sixth St., Oakland.
TWENTY-FIVE men for Alaska; wages $25 or
work on ship. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade in 4 to 8
weeks. 1542 Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of cood character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, cr.d be lx?-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to kn >w
that Ed Rolkln, P.eno House proprietor, stiU
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. South 625.
BARBER shop for sale. 9OB\L Howard »t.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms. 2T>c a night: reading room;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Tree Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye. : tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
! WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c ar.d 2oc p*f
night; 60c. 90c and $lj>er week.
ROSED ALiTHouse. 321 Ellis-Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $1 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE mm», 10c and loc nleht: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard st».
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and secona-hand shoes
half price; half-soling. 35c 359 Howard st.
AGENTS WANTED.
LADIES and gents to canvas for "The Rent
Saver": salary. The Chicago Parlor Bed
Chair Co., HC3 Market st.
WANTED — Canvassers for coal oil. Apply F.
B. Joyce Oil Co . Seventh and King sts
DO you want employment? Call or address
LEFFLF.R, 323 O'Farrell st.. 7 to 9 a. m.
!
PARTNERS WANTED.
$2500— Partner for wholesale and* manufactur-
ing business: ererpetii- business man. Ad-
■ dress Boa l r >7fi. Call Office.
FIRNITIHK WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new' bulldlne! M 0 M'.»-
elon »t. ; t«!. Mint 1811.
INDIANA Auction Co. Kemoved to U V.o.it-
toniery «t. ; hlgh»»t prlc>» paid. T*\ T>avl» 71.
ROOMS WANTED]
THREE furnished housekeeping rooms In nice
location: Mate lull particulars. Box IG4.', Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
HOME wanted for two little boys 4 and
years old; must he reasonable: German fam-
ily preferred. Particulars at 2020 Mission st.
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand tank and windmill". 4
Address box R., WeM Berkeley. .
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; aecoaJ-
hand. 109. Montgomery Bt.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.nu '-IXESS CHANCES. ,
A— s6o- chance, if taken up to-day: fine branch i
bakery, fruit, notions and candy store, at'
biggest transfer point of city;- on Sundays
and holidays 12,000 to 15.000 people -change
cars there; nothing to equal this. in market-
want some one who knows a good thing when
he sees it. LESS. 7.i0 Market at., opposite
n building, Kpusue
$250— CORNER clprar store; neat place; excel- I
lor.t location; receipts $300 to $350 per month- '
positive proof; death owner causes sacrifice' i
Al. EBB, 765 Market st. ■ ..... .. . ce ' j
$75— SALOON; good location;' south of Market- i
4 living rooms; ront $10; must be sold at onae :
owner going north; bargain. M. LESS, 765
Market st. ■ *
$100— WlNii cigar store, stationery, notions-
6 living rooms; rent $20; invoice value of
stock $135; investigate; satisfy yourself. M.
LESS, 765 Market st. -
$360— BARBER shop; Western Addition- 3
chairs; rent $30; business and stock would
Justify investment of $M 0; proof furnishci
.through trial. M. LESS. 765 Market, st /,
$250— PAYING provision store; 3 furnished
rooms; tine location; big outside route; hortse
and wagon; genuine barga4r.. M. LESS 765
Market st.
5300— PARTNER wanted in salcon on principal I
. street, near Market; good-paying buMnt-i
must be »ober man; trial allowed. M LE^-i '
765 Market -st. . . '
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers. 22»i j
Geary et. Miscellaneous business chances I
$350— Grocery and bar; fine cor.; living rooms.
Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$325— Combination store; grocery; restaurant
furnished flat. . -... k
Stationery, books. Call Rnd laundry
office. ' . . • ■ * . J
' «n°2S~E Ioi lst and nursery; 2 acres under glass.
S2ino— okblndery; best equipped on coast
i^^~; laundry; . plant and buildings.
JiOrt-j-Photograph gallery; Oldest on coast.
-*'orner saloon; value, in stock; daily re-
ceipts Jl5; a snap. KREDO & CO. • • '
MEDICAL Mfg Inc.; 25,000 shares; par
value $1; large salary for right man; value
In stock. KREDO & CO.', 22Vi Geary Bt. ■■.""
$90— BAKERY and notions: good living 'rooms;
dally receipts $3. KREDO & C 0... 22Vi Geary.
$150— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent: cleas $150. KREDO & CO.. tt£ Geary*
$150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; er-
age receipts $8; nice living rooms; rent $15;
stand fullest investigation; trial given; own<r
leaving City. WILKE, 753 Market st.
ADJUSTABLE window shade holder— Are now i
fully prepared to sell State rights on the
most reasonable terms: .this has no opposi-
tion; >-ills at sight: highly appreciated and
recommend! I I y the leading people of the
United Slates and Canada; write at once
and get your choice oX States.- WILKE. 753
Market st. • >. ■ . : > ■ ,■, ■ , ■ ■■■
5G5O— PARTNER wanted in old-established and
money-making saloon, few doors from Clau3
Spreckels building: the beat offer for . the
right party, clear profit $150 per month guar-
anteed. Bee WILKE. 7v: Market st.
J7. r ,O— THE best located restaurant on Market
St., doing a flrst-class paying business; rent
$S5; other business compels owner to sell;
a rare chance. YVIL.KE. 7^3 Market st. •
$ISOO— SALOON; only day business; choicest lo-
cation in this city; rent $40; daily receipts
$52; large stock; fine fixtures; owner com-
' pelled to leave the city at once. Particulars
WILKE. 753 Market st. .
$Soo— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the beat business corners.
-Partner wanted; commission business.
$300 — Saloon; ELblished; good corner,
nnd other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$250— BRANCH bakery and variety store; .bar-
gain; this daj-. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23
Kt-arr.y st.
WANTED— Rocm and board for father and 2
small children in respectable family; no chil-
dren; with yard; near Howard or -Mission,
bet. Fourth and Fifth. Uox-IGGI,. Call.-- -
LARGE cor. saloon opp. factory; present owner
here 10 years; retiring from business; receipts
$12 a day; can be increased. 11-1 Harrison st.
F< >H SALE — Small , manufacturing business;
the only one on the coast; 2im) customers;
small capital. Bio Eighth st.. Oakland.
A— s3oo; PARTNER wanted; JIS to $30 a week
each; no previous experience required. 9
<:•■ iry st.. room 2.
TO LET— Old established corner «tore, with
fixtures for. grocery and bar. Twelfth, and
Folsom sts. ; -
$2".O— ONE of the best little restaurants on Mar-
ket St.; trial given;* owner sick. Apply Ccvll^
BUSINESS or partnership wanted where ser-
vlces and $.)0 will be useful. Box 1665,' Call.
REFINED gentleman desires a lady partner
in ■stablished business. r ■■■ 1650, Call Office.
$600 to $1000; city lots to exchange, for business
or property. Box 1537, Call office.
HALF interest In millinery store; bargains for
rl»,-lH party. Box i:.7\ Call olllce.
GOOD hydrautic rnir.-; -work year round; fuiry
equipped. Box 1544. Call office.
SALOON for sale; $150. 427 4th st. ' >
FOR SALE — Restaurant on street car line.; .a
bargain. Inquire at 753 Market st., basement. |
PAYING frrocery; fresh stock; fixtures, horse,
wagon; doing good cash business; satisfactory \
reasons for selling: price $SO0; sell by inven-
tory: good Investment. .1. P. JOHNSTON &
CO., 572 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— In good town, 75 to 150 miles from
San Francisco, well -located hotel of 40 or
■ more rooms. Address i>"X 1692,- Call office.
AN old-established business; doing a large
business: clears $200 to $250 per month; thor-
ough Investigation. Box 1691, Call office.
Tv let — Completely furnished 10-room house,
beer garden and family resort. MRS. BOEK-
ELMANN. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
WANTED— Good hand or small steam- laundry;
Oakland or Berkeley. Box 16P0, Call office.
FOR SALE— HaIf Interest In blacksmith shop;
party mußt be a Christian. £06 Eighth Bt.
OLD comer grocery and bar fixtures complete,.
rent $25. Appply Hlbernla brewery. •" ;■
WHOLESALE gTocers' quotations wanted. Ad- !
dress box 1b27, Call office. . • . .
CANDY store for sale at 2706 Twenty-fourth s
and 2017 Flllmore.
FOR SALE— Small, complete printing offlct
_half original price, i.23 Market st.";. room 10.
PAINT shop cheap; or ladders and stagii
separate; established M years. 50 O'Farrel
FINE saloon on front for woman- or ma
Particulars National Brewery.' .
PARTNER in a good manufacturing huslnes
.capital . required, from |;.000 to $10,000, fi
amount to be Invested in the business; ever
thing ready to operate: open to fullest inve
tigation. Address Manufacturer, .box 171
Call office.
M* "ico.
XAXDS In tropical Mexico for ral
Ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanlll
etc.; large and small tracts. For further 1:
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chron
cle building, representing the Int. Land ai
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
SUCCESSFUL and Jong-established plumbing
business offered for sale: pood opportunity
■ for one or more parties; good reason'for sell-
ing and rrice asked is. all in sight Jn up-to-
' date stock; principals only need apply. : Hox
1712. Call. . •
3 VALUABLE mother lode mining claims foi
sale or exchange. . Suite 169, Grand Hotel. ' .
$475— CORNER grocery and bar; sl,de entrance;
a bargain; Investigate. 619 "ost st.
$1200— JMPROVi'-D placer and quartz mine;
quartz treated free; free water for placer;
satisfactory reasons for -selling. Address boj
3^B. Call office. ' ■■ ■• -. ■■ ; :
$100— BRANCH bakery and notion store: 3 fur-
nished living rooms, bnth room, . stationary
htub«; large yard: rent $12; party going
Kast; must sell this week. 2553 Folsom st.
SALOON for sale, on account of leaving city;
rent $20. 42 Spear st.
FRUIT ntore, good trade, transfer corner, for
sale. 2622 Mission St., cor. Twenty-second. -
GOOD paying:'.- restaurant -at a bargain. 6.13
McAlilati st.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose;
■ fine location; must be sold. Address 3., care
of Call agency, San Jose. . ..
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
estabUshed; rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Pat.
; Agents; establiphed 1562. , 319. T'lne st.. city.
C^~FFE and tea routes supplied . from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento «*.
< \KPE- CLISANaXG.'- • "". .i'-'-
CITT Steam, Carpet- eanlng Works; cleans,
rroves, lays carpe< C" H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
. ii and 40 Eighth it,', telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted ■ Ith poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
■'. -atlng Zforka, 153-S7 Teh.atna st. : tel. ; S.. 40.
CARPETS cleaned,' renovued ' like ■ nfw. J.
McQUEEN, 453 tevenson st. ; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning' Co.,' 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 284. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
lng. alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GHDAT. .Eastern--., .••am .Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. , B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Cr net-Cleaning Co., 241 14th
- st. , cleaning 2c a yard: tel. Mission 74. % -
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gateave. ; tel. East 126. -•■...«.•-■.••.'.
_ I'HYSICIA.VS. ;•, .„■,■..
DR. C. C. O' DO. NELL, oft.cc and residence,
U0( Market; dlasosea of women a specialty.
LODGIN v. HO*US.CS FOR SALE.
A-KREDO & CO.-, BUccessfuTTbrokeTs^ 22>/i
G*ary r,t. . ■■■ .-•<.- -•..:--
110 rooms; safe investment; clears $250.. .54500
40 rooms; sunny corner: transient 2000
16 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
10 rooms; Ellis; new and g00d....; 325
■ i rooms; Market; offices pay rent 2UO
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— s3oo; 9 rooms; transient; clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 22%. Geary.
$250— 2S ROOMS; transient: biggest snap ever
offered; clears $100. KREDO & CO.. 22%
Geary st. . - .. . .
DON'T miss it; 14-room house, near Powell St.:
clears $50; price $350; t>art cash. See WIN-
STON & CO..- 646 Market st.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 MARKET ST.
■- RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms; Sutter st.ioffiees: payments. ..s 4M
22 rooms; central; Al investment; 0n1y... SjjO
24 rooms; rent $60; corner; fine..i 1200
2» rooms; rent $65; very 'good.. ■• 4uJ
28-rooms; rent-$55: investigate this 300
32 rooms; rent $100: clears $100 ••• 80 0
25-ROOM house; worth $1500: price $ 6->0
17-room house, in payments •;••
46 rooms; sunny corner JjJ^'
IS rooms: corner hous.^: new and good — 1800
17-ro<iiTi house; rent $58; clears $«0 •J5O
SS-rvSom house; clears $1^; W*) ca.«h 10«0
10-room house; new al ■! go d; Ellis st »oO
H. C DECKER, 10W Market st.
j -LODGING-HOUPE of 16 rooms, well fur-
nished and' full of roomers. 136 Sixth st.
FOR fine garden loani inquire at GEO. HAN-
ERKPEN..SIO Guerrero St.. near Seventeenth.
' FL'R>ITCRK FOj.l SALE.
i 106 ELEVENTH— Branch . of flee of The Call;
subscriptions . and ads taken. , . . - ■
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
i CVRPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
1 good, men ax general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $100 of
. their fair.- via St. Michael: leave May 1. Ap-
' ply The Gold Star Co.. Mills building. S. F.
STERN-WHEEL steamer. modern, flrst-
elass: 22-lnch draught; cost $2S.000; bargain.
Box 1644, call office. : '
TICKET to Kotzebue Sound for sale; by bark
Mermaid; $175. Owner cannot go. Call 47'-_.
. Clara st., near Fourth. -...-'
VERY cheap passage for man and wife jto
I>:twson ity: some work. Box 1604, Call.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sU.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling roc** upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights up< n same easy
payments and some good pianos fur 13, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fts , San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
\]:s< >I.I"TELY the oldest r.nd lrrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell et. Pianos, organs
and all -other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. -
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NHW PRICES
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO. 560 Hayes st.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet arid Helene
Mora, at the Orpheum. prefer the Crown
piano. So -will you if you call and see th<-m
at HOCKETT BROS, fi CO.. 21S Post st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a dickering for
$t*>: examine list of bargains 'his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 533 Market st.
SoJIMKII .V- CO. Byron Mauzy Newby. Evans.
Bripcs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first yfar. 30S, 310. 312 Post Ft.
$400 UPRIGHT for $15<i; party leaving on the
Ist. Room 25, 1021 Van Ness aye.
FINE Pecker upright piano; barprain; owner
leayinu city. 1012 Polk st. ■ ■
A FINE Chese Bros, and a Stelnway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
PINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
st.. flat No. 1. ,_^
'' A GOOD upright, very cheap. 1« McAllister
st.. noxt Hibernla Rank. BCHMITZ.
HORN'l'XO's new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 McAllister st.
lAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAT3 MVBIO CO.. 7<-° Marketjst^
BY W.1.1-'ST sd.; lowest price; *2 it month up:
apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis Ft. j
AUKM'Y Haines Bros, pianos: .second-hand
| 57.-. ui>. W. '.C. HAMILTON. 324 Post. I
KNABE pianos: ' new vale; ;ew styles.
KOHLEtt & CHAPE. 30 OKarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old Lnd new. H.
.MULLER, maker, .repairer." 2 Latham place.
CHF.APFPT and" best tn America— The Weekly
- Cali.- Sent to ■ any address In the United
lICRSES. - . • ■
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
' kinds; 40 horses must sell. Emporium sales
yards, 220 Valencia St.. T. P. NEVILE. _
40 HORN'S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, liarness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st., -auction sa>s every. Wed-
| nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkeys,
for eale cheap. Horan's Yds.. 10th & Bryant.
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st. : auctton every Tuesday.
WAGONS- AND CARRIAGES. ;
SrECIAL ' sale i of ' harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness C0.,;211 Larkln, 6pp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and .milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and- opeo
buggy.; also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st.
FOR -SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. "
NOTICE to physicians — The. office fixtures, in-
cluding library and surgical instruments, be-
longing to the estate of the late DR.- ED-
WAP.Ij I'ARSON, and now contained in
rooms 24 and 26. Ph.olan building, are for
sale. Bids or offers for thp same will be re-
ceived up to May 2,. IS9S, at the office of the
undersigned, A. C. FREESE, administrator
of the estate of EDWARD PARSON: de-
ceased, at room 31, Chronicle building, where
full Information in regard to the same can he
obtained. A. C. F-IEESE, °nec.ial Adminis-
trator of. the estate of EDWARD PARSON,
deceased.
A NEW $J5O Decker 1 .-os.' upright piano for
sale cheap at UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
LARQH ovg suitable for Alaska. 2f,K Jessie st.
TWO young St. Bernard dogs cheap. lbOl Grove
street.
SMITH Premier typewriter; use for one monlh;
fo: sale cheap. 25G18 Market St.
PAIR solitaire diamond earxinps reduced to
i $123; worth double the money. UNCLE HAR-
| RI9, 15 Grant aye.
, SINGER sewing machine", 7 drawers, onk fln-
i Ish, nearly new; cheap; 1315 Mission st.
FOR. Sale-^Cheap; young fresh Jersey cow; yel-
low. Army st., near 26th-st. hospital.
' J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
; building material. 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
i CHEAP— A Phoenix bicyrle in perfect order.
Apply box 1699, Call office.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mr-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
I FOR SALE — Counters, art-glass, sidewalk ele-
vator, granite steps, etc., at the Louvre,
corner Powell and Eddy sts.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamo*,. electl.
good*; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., f.27 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; n«w and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-IO2J
Mission St., above Sixth.
FOR Sale — $5 up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
S< MMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. 8. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand': ch°aper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $mo. Baclgalupi, 533-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
de6k and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. . I
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mii.t 4",.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, renf.ed;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS!
ALL typewriters sold and tented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER S: CO.. 110 Montgomery
BICYCLES.
HUMBER bicycle In good condition. 109 Mhr-
ket st., second floor.
THE. SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27, 1898.
HOI'SES TO LET.
ATL~73V^jn^TOwl>r^^ni
You see houses ! to rent • by -• BALDWIN : 4
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. 62S Market st. : - ■
LAGUNA, 171J— House ■or ■ 8 " rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest improvements; $30.
NATOMA, 252, near Fourth— 3 rooms, every
convenience; rent $7.
SUNNY 7-room house;, modern; rent cheap.
• 724 P.r-M.-rlck st.. near McAllister.
FURNISHED BOUSES.
AT Sutter, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please investi-
gate; op furniture for sale cheap; optional.
$100 A MONTH, furnished, 10 rooms. and bath.
SlO Taylor st. Call bet. 1:30 and 4 p. m.
. - . COTTAGES 'TO LET. ..
BAKER, 1310— Sunny cottage of 4 rooms; large
yard; stable; suitable for expressman.
SUNNY cottages of 4 tnd>s rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1576 15th St.. near Dolores.
FL7-TS TO LET.
A — We want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent,
flats from $7 to $35; a.ll our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A NICE flat of 6 rooms and bath to let at J27
Post st. , rent $26.
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
BAY-WINDOW sunny flat; 5 rooms, bath,
yard, etc.; grand view; rent reduced. 1061
Broadway.
CHEAPEST flats In the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $18 and $20; Capp st., bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT, 3 sunny rooms; newly renovated. 207
Shipley st.
HAIGHT, 792, corner Scott — A sunny modern
new flat, 7 rooms and bath.
MINNA. 729— Flat, 5 large rooms, bath; in
good order; $16.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; yard, cellar.
SI Sharon, nr. 15th, bet. Sanchez and Church.
NEW flat of 7 rooms and bath; all modern
Improvements. 3435 20th st., near GSapp.
NINETEENTH. 3954. corner Noe— Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room flat; $14; water free.
PEARL. 27. oft Market, n.ar Valencia— Upper
flat of 3 sunny rooms In rear, $S.
PINE, I<>2S, near Hyde— Sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath; rent SIS.
POND, 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny G-room flat;
$15; water free.
SHOTWKLL, 6. near Fourteenth— sl4; sunny
lower flat; 4 rooms, bath and yard.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— s rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
UPPER flat. 1; r-oms. In good order: 1259 Fol-
som st., near Ninth; also store and 3 rooms,
yard and cellar; rent $12; 1257 Folsom st.
$50— ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat, 771 Pierce St.. cor. McAllister. No
admittance without permit from C. J. CAMP-
BELL & CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
$9— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1025 Minna st.. bet. 11th and 12th.
$12 — 1 sunny rooms; lower, $10. 131 Ivy aye.
$15— FLAT, double parlors, dining room and
kitchen. 45 Herman st., junction Market and
Valencia.
J2O FLAT: ', sunny rooms, bath; yard; mod-
ern. 11S3 Valencia St.. near Twenty-third.
$20— 2 NEW, modern sunny flats, 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
1 SIS GROVE, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sunny
furn-.Ehe<J flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable if desired; rent reasonable; references
. given and required. . . -^ ■.
. ! $55— ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat. 771 Pierce. St., cor. McAllister. No
admittance without l .mlt from C. J. CAMP-
BELL & CO.-, 224-Mnntrfomery st.
■ HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. .
i
! BUSH, 717—2 sunny rooms or for 2 gentlemen;
; furnished; jS and $10 a month. •_
| EDDY. 604— Sunny furnished bay-window room,
v.ith kitchen, $15;. a150 single rooms.
! ELLIS, lsunny front room, furnished com-
i . pjetefor housekeeping. ■ ; . ■.■■•■.- ...
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms 'to "let for
housekeeping; also single. •• . • ■ .1 -'■'.
■' FIFTH, 42SH — Two sunny rooms; completely
• furnished for housekeeping; water in kitchen.
! FIFTH. 32.')— 3 furnished housekeeping, j $13;.
j double* $7 to $S; 1 parlor*, kitchen, bath, $22.
. FOLSOM; 646— Nice large front suite, complete
• for- housekeeping; quiet family; big yard.
FOLSOM, 974— Sunny housekeeping room, com-
plete; rent reasonable: also single room.
I FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
I room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 550, formerly 51S— Large sunny front
'. rooms; suites and single; also light housekpg.
GOLDEN <; ATE. 622— Three sunny Uiy-window
; rooms; complete for housekpg; nice location.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished
3-room suites, with gas stove.
HAVES, 114 — 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms.
HAVES, 73."). near Webster— Front suite and
connecting room; new modern Hat; gas stove.
HYDE, till — Large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; running water; closet; pri-
vate family.
LARKIN. So 4 —2 gunny front rooms furnished,
$i 3; single and double rooms, $5 and $6.
LARKIN, 822— Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
I LEAVENWORTH, 517— Unfurnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, Sll, near Sutter— 4 sunny
rooms: furnished; yard; bath; $16.
MINNA, 281, ' corner Eourtli— Front furnished
housekeeping, cheap; also double and Bingl*.
i MINNA, 548— Two nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
NATOMA, 603, near Seventh— 2 nice furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite of rooms for house-
keeping; running water; stove.
NOE, I'll— Furnished, 2 bay-window rooms;
sunny; gas range, grate, bath; $14.
O'FARRELL, 431— Sunny suite of rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
SHOTWELL,. 823—2 nice unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; yard, cellar.
SIXTEENTH, 2009, corner Mission— Furnistoed
front room with grate; use of kitchen and
yard: rent $8.
SOUTH PARK. SO — 2 or 3 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; $7 and $9; also unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
SUTTER, 26CO— Sunny unfurnished parlors;
kitchen, laundry: use of bath; yard.
TEHAMA, 466, upstairs— 2 rooms for light
housekeeping; rent $8 to $9 a month.
TENTH, 123— Nice large sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping.
THIRD, 309 — Furnished room, complete for
housekeeping, $5; suites, $7 a month.
TWELFTH, 230 C —3 very nice furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas stove; select .ocality; pri-
vate family^
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com- Transfer Co., 22 Stockton Bt. Trunks
moved to any part of city, Jsc; phone, Malntt.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
BI'ENA Vista aye., 449— Ashburv Heights; un-
furnished upper flat 6 rooms, $16; 3 rooms,
• ground fioor, $9;' grand view.
CLEMENTINA. 454, near Sixth— Single or
double sunny rooms; furnished; private fam-
ily; rent reasonable.
DELAWARE, 11">1 Market— Furnished slngl*
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.: nice suite*.
EDDY, 113— Neat eunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 60. "
EDDT. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to }] : week. $2 to S6: families.
EDDY 614— One Irage and two small sunny
rooms, newly furnished: large clo^etp, fold-
lr.K-l>ed, gas, bath; $6, (S and S10; clean and
quiei.
EIOHTH, 104 — Sunny front single room In
private family: bath; $5 per month.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 60 to $8 week.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl per week; fur-
nUbed rooms.
FRANKLLW 201— Newly furnished K-inny
front rooms; private, quiet family; bath; $8
month.
FULTON. 3, opp. City Hall— Nice sunny
rooms; $S mo. up; bath and paa^
GEARY. 622— Large sunny ' bay-window room;
also single rooms; bath and gas.
ROOMS TO LET— Contlnned.
OEARY, 7W— Private; bright suite and 1 single
room; newly furnished.
GUERRERO, 73 1 inny front bedroom for a
respectable man or "woman; must bring ref-
erence; rent $8. .
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $G per week.
HAVES. MJ-Sunny front room; 1 single or t
connecting; reasonable; modern.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVIDS —M 0 mttUK
futtes; sir.Kle; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HYDE, 60S: Sutter. 7i:.-717-7r.<-Kurnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
KEARNY, m»— 3 unfurnished rooms and bath;
$15, references exchanged.
LEAVEN WORTH, 109— Lar«ri Hunny double
room, suitable for 2; reasonable.
MASON. IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MCALLISTER, Ml— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 > week.
MISSION. 1241—2 rear rooms; furnished; run-
ning water: stove; sunny yard.
NINTH. 85— Near Market, furnished front
room, 54 per month
O FARRELL, 210 A —Runny bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL. MS— Sunny front parlors suitable
for physician; no other roomers.
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elecantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POLK, 807— Front sunny furnished rooms;
large and small; housekeeping; $4 & upward.
POST, 426— Newly furnished large sunny ront
and back rooms, $8 up; bath, gas; private
family. 1
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
class in every respect.
SEVENTH. 136— Nicely ' furnished rooms for
housekeeping; running water and yard.
SIXTEENTH. 2M9— 2 parlors connected with
dining room and use of kitchen; also sepa-
rate; reasonable.
SHERMAN .Apartment House, 2S Eluhth «t..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished;
SUTTER, 1111 ''lean, comfortable rooms; sin-
gle, Biiites, also housekeeping; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 407— T0 let. two large, bunny front
rooms: furnished.
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay— Open until 5:29
o"clock; branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
MOAKDINCI AXD ROOMS.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton.
Kni.SOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $"> per week: nice location.
FULTON. MS 'The Mlzpah)— A qu>>^ family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
quite: exceptional table; terms reasonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished double parlor; every-
thing very latest: suitable for a doctor or
dentist; including breakfast; tel. 822 Bush st.
HYDE. 408— Doubl* and single rooms; first-
class lizard; Spanish; $36 a month up.
HYDE. BJ6— Sunny rooms; good board: pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY rooms, newly furnished, with board;
summer rat^. Apply SOS Van Ness aye.
SUTTER. 11-S Sunny suite; single rooms: flrHT-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Looffworth, f.32 Geary— Remodeled: ele-
gantly furnisned; good board; clioice location.
VAN NESS av.\, SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
ILEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED, by a Ofrman widow, a child to
board; healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1728, Call Office.
CHILD to board by respectable woman; ref-
erence. Mrs. C, 914 1 -.. Harrison st.
WANTED — Children to board; terms reasona-
ble; good home. 13fi Sagamore st. .Ocean View.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's car^: references. 2344 Sixth SC
STORKS TO LET.
CORNER store with 3 llvinc-rooms and cellar,
rent $20. Cor. Mc.SUiHter and Kroderick sts.
FIFTH, 325— Ptore with rooms; fls and fixtures.
SIXTH, 52S— Store 3 rooms; j-ard; rear en-
trance; rent $11.
STORE, 2 rooms, basement, yard; .fixtures if
desired. 3i"6 Third st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Huslness College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegiaphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
DAN 1 'IN' ! taught at pupils' homes by pro-
fessional • terms very reasonable. Address
Box 1663, Call Office.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circulr.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr'-s counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 5-72, Si>s Market st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864 VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Murkft.
THE Lyt-fum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Fhelan bdg.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate; French.
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor «t.
MONTGOMEKY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want nds taken. •
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. PR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 69
McAllister st. : pills, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and pure; no danger or after ef-
fects" taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, gent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. P. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities fmm whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sui«? at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used:
home in confinement; cure $">; pills $1; every
case guaranteed; consultation free and con-
fidential: hours 10 to r> and 7 to S. MRS. DR.
WYF.TH. 20S Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femala
dlEeapes; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or dlscour-
npe(! call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MKS.
DR. GWYER. 22C Turk St.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Bchenck's method, the cel«?brated French phy-
sician: safe. sure, reliable cure for nil irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice: home; best skill: low fees: pills, $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's Irregularl- !
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the cause j
may be: treatment by mail, or call at Or. '
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $S !
and {10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores- instantly all
cases of monthly Irregxilarlties (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used; cure at
office, X; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
& 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPKAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister st.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The C*U.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
• ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
lIUSINESS PERSONALS;
THE unprecedented success of my additional
"balconies may force more improvements;
hairdressing, 25c; good switches, $1; best,
finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy,' long. $5;
open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lislits In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third nt., nr. Market: 200 roomt,
25c tofl 50 per night; $1 50 to $S per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic possesses a marvelous
power;- harmlers. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
THE Ladies' Barber-ahop has removed from
352 Third Bt. to 316 Third. . ■
FLESH reduced, natural process; lady and
gentleman attendant. O. S., box 1754, Call.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10. 118 Grant ay.
STAMMERINGand stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN. E7O 33d St.. Oakland, C*l.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT tr> order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. het. 7th nru\ <th.
DRRSSMAICBRS.
SI.ME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 86.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden m-stery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. -Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, -1206 Mar-et st., opposite Sixth.
MRS. MOORE. 1346- Market st.. trance medium;
reads your thoughts; tells you just what you
want to know: reunites the separated; changes
luck; Irpatea buried treasures: causes speedy
find happy ' marriages with the one of your
choice: all letters with a stamp enclosed
promptly answered; ladles, 50c; hours 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. r
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clatrv.; sit SI SO. 128 Turk.
MME. HANSON arrived: palmist; card-reader;
past, present and future; 2oc. 148 Sixth St.,
room 10.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
XC 221 Sixth st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium an.i card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes told by planets;
predicted "74" overdue str. 234 Sixth, rm. 6.
MME. STBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2.* c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell St.
GYPSY life reader Rives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c: G., 50c; no f>lgn. 3 7th.
MMX. RAVEN A reads life fluently: huslr
advtce; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never falls: advice: lelp. 920 Pogt.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
fr*e.
SPIRITUALISM.
MADAME MONTAGUE will hold meeting
at Occidental Hall, corner of Larkin and
McAllister sts., at S o'dOOk this evening.
MEDIUMS' Assn.; test met-tlng to-night. Mrs.
Place, Mayo-Steers, Robinson; 997 Market;
free.
AT 111 Larkin St., 8, to-nisrht, People's Spirit-
ualist Society; good talent; admlssi6n free.
MOTHER SADIE, materializing sfance to-
day. 12 o'clock. B0 cts. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS SHRTNER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 12" MiAlli«t-r. hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1: cir. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m.: Sat.. S: 2iio.
MRS.' J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medlutn.
232 Stockton st.:' Old No. 218.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings dally. 123>4 Sixth st.. room 14. ■■■: ■
M. FRANCES. Independent writing ine-
dlum. 118 Halght «t. • • ■ : "
HYPNOTISM -
CAL. Institute, 402».J Geary;. hypnotism. taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and, habits cured. '
MONEY TO : LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V£ per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates; , real estate in
probate, life, insurance, (roods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. ■ R. Mc-
COLG AN, .24, Montgomery st., room 3,. > ' -'■
LOANS furniture or pianos ■in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, . without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. -South. 14. ■ ■ - ._^_
$."> UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly "confidential: private ■ office*. : M. E. ,
DOUOAN & CO., 230 Kearny Kt.. upstairs. "
BtIOHLT respectable and private place to ob-
tnln liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Raldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Mnrket St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. I3ONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 323 Montgomery.
QI'ICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; -no
commis. : low interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist nr 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO |60,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition, pryden, (13 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2<l mort-
Kages. estates, rtc. MI'RPHY. 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furnitufe; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
CFEAPFST and best In America— The W»ekly
Call. Sent to any address In the Uni'.»d
States or Canada one year for $1 .O. postage
fre». • • ■-; ■ - * ' '■ • ' : ■> ■
bIAAJiriAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. MoAFTK FROR. 10S Montgomery at.
Pawnbrokers.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
61R LARKlN— Branch o/fice of the Call. Sub-
K-rlr>tlr>n« nnit want n'i« tiken
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teoth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 60c;
teeth per. set, $5 to $10; gold fillings. $1 up;
silver, 50c up; artificial tetth repaired, .$1 up;
our crown and brldce work Is the best;
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays. 9 to 1.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; tee!.h
from $8 per sot; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 2f>c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market, Academy of
Sciences bldg., 6th floor; painless dentistry.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
LOST.
PLAIN gold ring, date engraved. March 30,
1895. Finder please return same to 5 Drumra
st. and receive reward.
$2 130 REWARD — Lost a gold heart shaped
lncket set with stone and photo. Return to
4083 Army St.. near Noe.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of AGNES HILLSON; No. 216.375. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Japanese spaniel. Return to 906 Devis-
adLero st.; liberal reward.
LOST— April 24, Cleveland bicycle. '9S model:
plate No. 39; No. 157.605. DAVIS. 506 Jones.
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN,- 1017 to 1022
Mission St., at ye Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest ratec — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission St. Tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.:
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth st., open evenings.
CITY UEJi ESTATE. " • :.*
PROBATE SALE—
$2550— Offer wanted; must be sold; corner of
Hayes and Clayton sts.; 25x106:3; very close
to Park Panhandle. »
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. ■
A SNAP- I ~ \~7. T~~ ~ -~-
BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE.
IN WESTERN ADDITION.
$4160— Good cottage of 6 rooms and bath, on '
Jackson St., near Broderick; lot 25x127, bank
mortgage of $3000 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
. ■ .' , 10 Montgomery st.
A BEAUTIFUL HQJtE I \ '. i
• ■ '•-,.■ | LARGE LOT.
$3000— Two 10t5, .: each ' 25x100. and eood new
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; stable for 2
horses; X St., near Ninth ave<; splendid view
of Park and. the Golden Gate. " . . ■ * ■» -
t - ' . . BALDWIN &• HOWELL.
,-■■"• / 10 Montgomery st.
DOLORES-ST. -RESIDENCE.
$SOO cash, >■ balance monthly installments;
handsome- n,ew house; contains 7 rooms and
bath; every "convenience;- extra large corner lot;
plenty- of room for store and, flats; corner.
■ . BALDWIN & HOWELL.
" -:.' ; .. • • 10 Montgomery St.
ONLY $750! ONLY.S;SO! ' v •<" ' ~ ; ■
Cottace lof 4' rooms and \ basement; Holly
Park; not far-from the Mission-st. cars. Think"
of it! $750 tor house.! and lot! Why pay rent?
:• . 4 "; V Jr,:, BALDWIN" & HOWELL. ' '
':'*.■■: ■"?. ■ -.■-.-,;•• 10 Montgomery st.
PAYS NEARLY 8 PER CENT. .'., „
$23,000— May' be' less;; handsome new 4-story
and basement building; store and lodging-house j
above; on prominent down-town street, close to ! ■
Eddy and Taylor. -. -,';....
$5750— Rent $63 50; all rented; we' collect the
rents and know that they are accurate; good
improvements; large lot; not far from the cor- j
ncr of California and Mason' sts.; call at once !
for particulars. . '.. ' ■. *
« ••'■*•-■•
$6500 — Rent $SlO per annum; new," handsome
flats on best portion of Hayes st. ; short walk
from Market ; large lot. ' . . .
$14.500— McAllister st., near Franklin; 3-story
building, containing stores and flats above!
rents $105; extra large lot. . :-■
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
> 10 Montgomery at.
ATTENTION, WORKINGMEN!
CHEAPEST HOME LOTS IN THE CITY.
$32."<— Terms J25 cash, balance $10 monthly;
only 5 lota left; Nebraska, Vermont, Nineteenth
and Twentieth sts. ; electric cars on Sixteenth
st. ; only a short walk to Union Iron Works and
the manufacturing and warehouse districts.
BALDWIN A: IMWELL,
20 Montgomery st.
A SNAP—
$7."iOo— A great bargain; splendid business
corner in the best part of the Mission ; lot 3('x
90; improvements consist of store and 4 rooms
In rear thereof; flat ahove of 7 rooms: also 2-
story house of 6 rooms and bath; all Improve-
ments in splendid condition: rent $63.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HAYES-ST. COTTAGE.
$43f.ii — Hayes st., near Lagtina: nice cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot worth the money.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SACRIFICE— 3-story house; desirable part of
city; tenants; will pay for itself; must gb;
terms to su!t. Box 1655, Call.
$500 lot for $100; need coin. Come and see
THISLETON, 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
NICE home, $300; several "fine level building
lots, $125 up. Red Flag, Six-Mile Station, San
Bruno road. Howard-st. cars.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
Improvements; terms to suit; lot 26:3x100.
Apply at premises, 2527 Harrison St., bet.
21st and 22d.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of Tha Call: aub-
icilptlons and want ads taken.
COUNTRY REAL," ESTATE.
TO Rent— Best sheep ranch in the State; plenty
feed; 1000 acres; on the coast; near railroad.
For particulars address JOHN BRANT, Sea
View. Sonoma County, Cal.
WRITE for list: good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
B^A7mF^HTTI6^nSaTN^LA^KSPUR! ~~~
Villa lots ar><s acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN-
LAND TP.UST. CO.. 132 Market st. •
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$1800— '25x125, with house of 6 rooms; brick
foundation; high basement; street graded and
sewered; in San Francisco: exchange for 1 to
3 • acres of improved land with house of 5
or 6 rooms, between San Mateo and Mount-
ain View. Address box 1764, Call office.
HOUSE and large lot in Napa City, clear, for
city property. H. 'C. DECKER, 1020 Market,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
3 OR 4 elegantly furnished rooms for light
• housekeeping,- bath, piano, horse and buggy,
for desirable couple with private lady; no
.children. 657 Twenty-second St., Oakland. •
FURNIFHED rooms for rent In Abrahamson
bldg, SE. cor.l3th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros.
BAY-WINDOW rune; stab, dentist's office;
also complete housekper r is. 856 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
4 ELEGANT sunny rooms; corner, house; fur-
nished; with or without board. NW. corner
10th aye. and Uth St., E. Oakland, nr. station.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water:
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, 562 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms,
with board: private; lar^e yard.
OAKLAND IVRKITI'RE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household roods very cnea*
this week. 6CHELLHAAS 1 old «tor«, 40$
Eleventh st.. Oakland.
AUMffIA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750— Lot 60x270: modern cottage 5 room's, near
Fchoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice: corner lot 55x140; good houss of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: neer Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash: $25 per month: lot 40x150: only
2 blocks from station and filgn school.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location: x*ery easy terma.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H P. MOREAL & CO.. UK Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR RENT— Furnished or unfurnished; 1 or 2
years; new house: 7 large sunny rooms: all
latest Improvements; large lawn: nice neigh-
borhood: near Encinal station. 1378 Weber st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW house of 8 rooms In Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom.
PROPOSALS.
'ROPOSALS will bo received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Depnrtment,
Washington, D. C until 12 o'clock noon, May
10. 1898, and publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Naval Hospital
and the M. and S. Storehouse. IMare Island,
Ca]., the dally supply of meafs, groceries,
butter, eggs, cheese, ice. milk, bread, vege-
tables and provender for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30. 1899. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the Naval Hos-
pital. Mare Island. Cal.. or to the Np.vy Pay
Office, San Francisco, Cal. EDWIN STEW-
ART. Paymaster-General. I". S. N.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 26— Stmr Co-
quille River, hence April 25.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:
S. H. Stewart and Anna M. Smith, 23-23.
C. L. Dall and Charlotte P. Duckel. 40-24.
Eugene V. Herve and Annie Merrill, 32-22.
Ernost F. Sohott and Lena Olsen. 27-21.
John T. WaJsh and Catherine Carey, 27-36.
A. P. Bryant and Gertrude D. Carnicle. 32-24.
Solomon Roth and Nettle A. Olsen, 54-38.
W. L. Pool and Emma D. Meyerderks 30-29.
John Hackslon and Grace Kearney, 27-30.
Edwnrci Sohell and Emma Schrnegner. 22-22.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and bo indorsed with the name ami residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
DWYER— In this city. April 26. 18SS, to th»
wife of Frank A. Dwyer, a son.
PERRY— In this city, April 25, IS9B. to the wife
of Edward Perry, a Son.
SOULE— In Honolulu, April 14. IS9B, to the
wife of Captain A. L. Soule, a son.
TUCKER— To the wife of John H. Tucker, a
son.
MARRIED.
CRUSE— GARRETSON — Near Bishop. Cal..
April 20. isas, by the Rev. A. Clark. William
D. Cruse and Elizabeth' I. Garretson.
i DOCKERY— MURRAY— In Weaverville, April
19, IS' l *, by the Rev. Father O. Stack. James
Edward Dockery and Margaret Frances Mur-
r.iy.
MILLS— MILLSAP— In Weaverville. April 22.
189S, by Hon. T. E. Jon-- I*.1 *. Judge of til ■ Su-
perior Court, George Mil!.- >nd Jessie Mili«ap.
VALENTINE— SHROPSHIRE -In LewtstOD.
April IS. lS'.'S. by the Rev. H. Hammond Cole,
William S. Valentine nn.l ii'-nn Shropshire.
DIED.
Beran, Emanuel McCarty. Mary
liidinger, Fred C. UcQualde, Mary E.
Boyle, Hannah Mathewson. William
Browne. Hermance Mullen, Harry T.
Crawford, Mary .1. Murphy, James J.
Delger, Frederick Nlghtwlne, Henry J,
Desmond, Daniel O'Brien, Margaret
Freeland,' Mrs: M. B. OCRS, John
Glllesple. Lizzy Parson. William W.
Kernan. /ohn C. Roeschel. John
Koch, Friederika Weaver, William
Lyon, Seely B.
BERAN— In this city, April 26. IS9B, Emanuel,
| beloved husband of Anna Beran, and father
,' of John J.. Annie and Louise Beran. a na-
tive of Bohemia, aged 77 years and 4 ys.
BIDINGER— In this city, April 25. IS9S. Fred
■ C.,-belovea son of Sophie and the late Wil-
liam Bldlnger." and- brother of Edward.
Charles, Gus and Lillian Bidinger and Mrs.
. Alfred "Hauser. a native of San Francisco,
aged 31. years. . '..'■''■ j
■ E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
'« fully invited to attend the funeral this day
■j (Wednesday), at 2:20 o'clock, from Decoto,
Alameda County, on arrival of the 1 o'clock
train- frcm San Francisco. .
BOYLE— In this city, April 25. IS9S, Hannah
" Boyle, beloved ...mother of Mary, .and Lucy
Boyle, and Mrs. Adam H. Murphy, a na-
-. tive of England, aged 78 years. Philadel-
phia papers please copy.) ."■■'•■
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. •:
BROWNE— In this city. April 26. '1998, Her.
mance, beloved wife of Harry Browne,
mother' of Harry, Edna and Charles. Browne,
ami daushter of Mrs. Bohet. a native oi
' France, : aged 36 years 4 months and. 3 days.
QRAWFORD— On San Pablo < avenue. Goldeq
Gate, Alameda County, April 2«, 1898. Mary
Jane, widow of the the late Archibald Craw-
ford, mother of Mrs. ■J. A. Jones and E. M.
j Crawford, and grandmother ot' A. S. Beman.
a native, of New York State, aged 76 years 1
months and 12 days. (Albany, N. V., papers
please copy.) • . ■ '. -..■ ;
' CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, San Pablo avenue. Golden Gate. In-
terment private.
DELGER— In Oakland. April 25. 1898. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Ernestine Delger,
and father of Edward F. Delger, Mrs. Ma-
. thilde Brown. Mrs. William Mollor and Mrs. ■
H. O. Trowbrldge. a native of Saxony, Ger-
many, aged 76 years 1 month and 14 days.
IC The funeral services will be held
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
First Congregational Church, corner Twelfth
and Clay streets, Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
DESMOND— In this city, April 26. IS9S, Daniel,
beloved husband of Mary Desmond, and
father of . John Eugene, Daniel A., Minnia
and the late Sarah and Frances A. Desmond,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 70
years an.d 1 month.
G7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ettenl the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. IJS Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated . for the repose of his soul, at *
• o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FREELAND— In San Jose. April 23, IS9B, Mr*
Mnr;aret B. Frecland, a native of England
aged 36 years.
GILLESPIE— this city. January 1?. 1898,
Lizzy, beloved mother of Annie Gtllesple,
and sister of Susan and Patrick and the lat«
Michael and Joseph Carey and Kate Con-
cannon, a native of the parish of Killamard,
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 33 years.
KERNAN— In this city. Anril 26. 1898, John
C, beloved brother of E. A. Kernan. a na-
tive of Boston, aged 73 years and 5 months.
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
KOCH— In this city. April 26. 1898, Frlederika
Koch, beloved mother of Mrs. Friederika Gar-
rett, and grandmother of Dr. C. F. Bauer,
a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 72 years
9 months and 21 days.
[CRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1209. Mission street., near Eighth.
LYON— In this city, April 26. 1898, at his resi-
dence, 212 Fair Oaks street, Seeley 8.. hus-
band of Bertie M. Lyon, and father of Walter
S. and Jessie B. Lyon, a native of Sanborn,
N. V.. aged 67 years. . .. v ...
E7"Friend3 are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the Mission Masqnic Temple,
■ 2668 Mission street, under the auspices of
Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. Re-
mains at the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co.,
2666 Mission street, between Twenty-second
and-. Twenty- third. Interment Masonic Ceme-
t ery. ' . ■ .-
M<'<" ARTY— In this city, April 26, I*9B, Mary,
wife of the late Patrick McCarty, mother of
Minnie McCarty. and sister n£ Mrs. G. Vl-
deau and Jerome and the late James Dono-
van, a native of California, aged 38 years.
McQUAIDE— In this city, April 25. 1898, Mary
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Michael Mc-
Quaide, and dearly beloved mother of Kath-
ryn G., Owen J. and Sarah E. McQuaide,
Mrs. M. Cooper and Mrs. James Fogarty, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 70
years.
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3369 Seventeenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Chnrch. Sixteenth and Do-
lores streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
MATHEWSON— In thin city, April 26. 1898,
William, dearly beloved son of John and Jane
Mathewson. and brother of Mrs. J. Young,
Mrs. D. W. King, Mrs. William Carman.
Mrs. H. Meekfessel and John Mathewson Jr..
a native of Benicia, Cal., aged 32 years and
8 months.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3*3 Duncan street, between Church and
Sanchez. Interment private. Masonic Ceme-
tery.
MULLEN— Tn this city, April 26. IS9B. Harry
T., dearly beloved son of Thomas and Mary
Mullen, husband of Julia Mullen, and brother
of Mrs. John J. Coffey, Clara and the late
James, Man' Jane and John Francis Mul-
len, a native of San Francisco.
(CJ'The funeral will take place to-morrow
at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 732 Howard street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem ma«s will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment private, in Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY- In Vallejo, April 23. MM, James
J. Murphy, beloved brother of Mrs. Maggie
Smith. Mrs. Ellen Hubert. P. J. Murphy of
Vallejo and J. J. Murphy ,if Salem. Or., and
father of Mrs. Mary J. 1 line, Mrs. Nellie
Jones, Mrs. L. Monreal and Katie A.. Mag-
gie T., Thomas B. ami James P. Murphy, a
native of Ireland, aged 65 ye:n-s.
NIGHTWINE— In this city, April 26. 1898,
Henry Joseph, dearly beloved son of James
and Nora M. Nightwine, and brother of
James R., Mary E., John. Charles. Willie
and George Nightwine, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 months.
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 25, 189 S. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Jeremiah T. O'Brlen,
and mother of John J., T. Philip. James X.,
Ira G., Annie C. and May O'Brien and Mrs.
William 11. Nolan, a native of Ireland.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 802 Fult.n street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be t>aid for the repose of her soul, begin-
ning at 10 o'clock. Interment Hoiy Cross
Cemetery.
OCHS— In this city, April 2", I<J9S, John, dearly
beloved husband of Anna G. Ochs. and father
of Conrad and Annie Ochs, Mrs. P. H. Bran-
don and the late Henry Ochs. a native of
Germany, aged 56 years.
ICTFr.lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 340 Sixth street, between Folsom
and Harrison. Interment private. Please
! omit flowers.
PEARSON— In this city. April 26. JStt, William
W., husband of Sarah Pearson, aged 58 years
6 months and 10 days. A member of Pajaru
Lodee No. 90, I. O. O. F.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, under
the auspices of the Odd Fellows.
I ROESCHEL— In this city. April 24, IS9B. John
Roeschel, a native of Stahlkehmen, Prussia,
aped 3-i years.
ICThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29
Fifth street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. t>y 3:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townserid streets.
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MA-
chintsts— Officers and members cf San Fran*
Cisco Lodge No. 68, International Association
of Machinists, are requested to attend the
funeral of our lato brother, John Roeschel,
this day (Wednesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from
the >.ar!ors of the United Undertakers. 27
Fifth street. J. J- BEALE. M. M.
WEAVER— In this city, April 26. 1898, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary A. Weaver, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 80 years.
(ps-The funeral will take place to-morrow
' (ThurFday). at 10 o'clock, from his late resl-
; dence. 3*36 Mission street. Interment Laurel
H'll Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMBALMER3 I
20 IIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln ScoojL
Telephone, South SO. |
In. B. m'avoy. Manager.
fIfIcAVOY <fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
1255 Market St.. between Bth and atb.
Telephone, South 247.
Eitab. IKS. Tel. South 47.
| CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmer*,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for th« urn
of our patrons. Rubber Urea on our ambulaaca,
1516
GRAND JURY
REACHES FOR
THE ROGUES
The Loot of the School Fund to
Be Looked Into This
Evening.
Five More Buildings Where the Most
Shameless Frauds Were
Practiced.
Contractor P. Swift, Inspector John
JTBrien and the members of the Finance
jjid Buildings and Grounds Committees
of the Board of Education will soon have
an opportunity to tell what they know
about the loss of the school fund through
the medium of supplies for repairs- A
special session of the Grand Jury has
been called for this evening to receive
the evidence accumulated by the commit
tee of that body, with the experts who
have conducted the investigation into the
repairs on the different school buildings.
This evidence, as has been shown by
The Call, will prove that not one job of
repairing during the six months prior to
January 1, that has be«n inspected so far,
has been honestly performed. The lum
ber and shingles have invariably fallen
short thousands of feet of tho quantity
charged for; the quality furnished has
been, without exception, of the very poor
eat in the market, while the highest con
tract price has been charged, and oven
the work Itself has been done in the most
careless manner possible.
It is possible that O'Brien and the two
committees of Directors will be able to
convince the Grand Jury that the solo
responsibility rests upon Contractor
Swir't. but in order to acquit themselves
of actual complicity in the job they will
be compelled to set up the plea of gross
est negligence, O'Brien, who is Director
Ragan's brother-in-law, draws a salary of
$150 a month from the department to pre
vent just this kind of work. His duty as
Inspector requires him to measure every
foot of lumber delivered to the depart
ment and to see that it is of the quality
called for.
But as O'Brien is so closely related to a
director whose Influence among the other
tr. embers is most potent, h£ may have
thought it entirely unneces^ry to devote
any tune to the city. .Besides, his private
contracts, in which lumber played an im
portant part, demanded much of his time
that the city paid tor.
As for Contractor Swift, the best advice
his must ardent well wisher can give him
is to strive long and faithfully to lose the
reputation he has among the members of
the Lumber Dealers' Association.
The buildings and grounds committee of
the School Directors, as constituted last
year, was composed of Burns, chairman,
with Gallagher and Drucker. This com
mittee had entire charge of all the re
pairs under investigation. It ordered the
work done and the lumber with which to
do It, and if the members accepted
O'Brien's reports as correct without any
investigation, they will have an opportu
nity to trj and convince the Grand Jury
that it was the proper thing to do.
Waller, who is already under indict
ment, but still has more to say In the
board meetings than the other eleven Di
rectors combined, was chairman of the
finance committee last year, his associ
ates being Burns and Armor. Burns and
Waller are fast friends, and it was they
Who transacted all the business of the
committee. Armer was thrown in the dis
card soon after the committee was
named, and was never given an opportu
nity to attend its meetings.
He was not notilled of the call for
meetings, and finally he became so dis
gusted with the manner in which the
committee was conductod that he re
fcigned from it. Consequently Waller and
Burns will have to tell why Contractor
Swift's bills were audited wnch they had
nothing but O'Brien's word for it that
any lumber at all had been furnished.
The committee of the Grand Jury, with
Experts Holt, Campbell and Rickard
continued its Investigation all day yes
terday, its lirst visit being made to "the
Fairmount School, away out In the Mis
sion district. It was while the party was
at that school that one o* the experts
made a casual remark that disclosed a
new channel for the drainage of the
school funds. Grand Juror Bauer re
marked that the hauling of lumber must
be profitable, judging from the bills paid
by the department.
Expert Campbell, who is a member of
tne Lumber Dealers' Association, re
plied that the association had a regular
schedule of rates for h H uling. He said
the city was districted and a large map
had been prepared showing these dis
tricts, and no member was permitted to
charge more than the schedule rates.
The rate to Ingleside. he said, is $2 25 per
thousand, and to ..e county line $2 50
these being the two longest hauls in the
city.
Xm ra ?2~ J « uri)r Truman stated that on one
Dill of f,oo worth of lumber for one of the
downtown schools the city had been
charged $240 for mill work and hauline
nearly a third of the cost of the material.'
It is probable that the Grand Jury will
go into this phase of the job to the fullest
extent as soon as the present line of in
quiry is finished.
The Fairmount School y-ard was re
planked and some additional class rooms
built during last vacation,' consequently
the bill for lumber was largo, being as
follows: 29,000 fancy . shingles (best
quality) contract price $1 90 per 1000. this
beine the price paid; 37,926 feet of 2-lnch
No.l planking of varying width; 10.000 feet
of 4x4 redwood. The experts found 15,500
JNo. I common shingles, contract price 99
cents per 1000; 27.500 feet of No. 2 and 3
planking; 7500 feet of 4x4 redwood. The
?n t ,L. 1 J aa been , r o bb e<l of 33,500 shingles,
10,426 feet of planking and 2500 feet of 4x4
redwood, in addition to being shamefully
swindled on the quality received Here
as In all the other schools, the experts'
made exceedingly liberal allowances for
waste, and. to nuote Expert Holt, any
dealer who furnished lumber for the
various jobs on the experts' measure
ments would know there would be some
thing left to carry away
The yard of the Horace Mann School on
\ aiencla street had new classrooms
built, the bill for lumber a.s paid by the
School Directors calling for 364G feet of
I^4x4-inch tongue and groove flooring
41^J feet of Ixß rustic; 22,000 shingies- 3452
feet of 2-inch planking, and 940 feet of 4x4
redwood. The experts' figures show 2400
feet of flooring; 1900 feet of rustic- 14 000
shingles; 2000 feet of planking, and '451
feet of 4x4 redwood.
A visit to the Buena Vista primary on
York street, near Eighteenth, disclosed
one of the biggest steals yet brought to
light. The city paid for 46,591 feet of 2
inch planking and received 22,000 feet a
loss of 24,591 feet; 11.670 feet of 4x4, and
received 5850 feet, a difference of 5820 feet
and 670 feet of stepping, of which no trace
could be discovered.
After exploiting this case of robbery
the inquisitors made a jump to the down
town district, alighting lirst on the Whit
tier primary on Harrison, near Fourth.
This Job was awful, those responsible for
It being unwilling even to divide, but in
stead barely allowing the city a third of
the rotten material it had paid the high
est price for. The bill called for 5r»,740 feet
01 2-inch planking, but only 20,500 feet were
used; 16,160 feet of 3x6 redwood at $8 95
per thousand, but for which pine at $7 40
was substituted, and only 9200 feet deliv
ered; 22,276 feel of 4xß redwood, in place
of which 2788 feet of 4xt; and 4722 feet of
4x4, a total of 7490 feet, was found; 750 feet
of stepping, of which but 504 feet was in
evidence, and 422 feet of 2x12. which
shrunk to 147 feet under the experts' tape
line.
The Starr King Primary, on Brvant
street, near Eighth, concluded the day's
investigation. Here the city got about
half the lumber it paid for, except step
ping, of which only a fourth could b*i
found, and all the stairways in the build
ing were measured. The 44,760 feet of
planking charged for actually measured
26,000 feet, with an allowance of nearly
2000 feet by the experts. Twenty-oi..
thousand seven hundred and seventy
four feet of 4x4 proved to measure flßoo
feet. Both of these measurements In
cluded piles of material in the yard not
yet laid, for the replanklnr of th« yard
has only been partly accomplished. Two '
thousand eierht hundred and sixteen feet i
of stepping appears on the bill, hut 663 I
feet are all that is necessary to build all I
the stairways in the school. Tho iJooring
in the landings on the stairs measured I
371 feet, but the city paid for 840 feet.
Sixteen schools, picked at random in j
every section of the city, have already
been thoroughly inspected by tho pr;.^H |
jurors and their experts, and the result
shows the grossest fraud in the repair of j
every one. As th<- carpenter work on all !
the buildings was done during the sum
mer vacation, it is nut a remote possl- j
bility that honesty prevailed In the work
on any of the others. Still the jurymen I
Intend to make sure, ana further lnspec- I
tions will be made to-day.
St. Dominic's Church Picnic.
Tho first pictnic and reunion St. Dom
| inic's Church has had for several yours
will be held at Sunset Park in the Santa
I Cruz Mountains on May 21. Judging from
the reports of the various sub-commit
tees which have the affair in charge the
arrangements are almost completed, and
the excursion will undoubted^- be one of
the pleasant outings of the season. The
EMMA GOLDMAN, ANARCHIST.
A little woman— she can't be. five feet tall— her round, slender figure neatly
dressed In black, a bunch of carnations at her belt and one glowing vividly.
In her brown hair, a white collar at her fair throat and white lace falling
over her tiny hands. Her eyes are beautifully clear and gray, her forehead
Is fine and low, though the head itself seems narrow, the small nose is a bit
blunt and the thin lips have an habitual disdainful curl that is far from
pleasing.
This Is Emma Goldman, the anarchist, who suffered a year's imprison
ment in New York for ! "inciting to riot."
"I didn't incite to riot," she said to me after last night's meeting was
aver. "I merely quoted Cardinal Manning's words: 'Necessity knows no law."
"But there was an Implication, wasn't there? You meant them to riot?"
J asked her.
Incite to riot? . . • "
Why this five feet of feminine anarchy is the most dangerous enemy so
ciety has. Had she lived a century ago she'd have been beheaded. Two cen
turies ago. Emma Goldman, anarchist, would have been given over to the
loving embrace of the jungfrau; while in the sixteenth century, she would
have been nicely boiled in oil or beheaded and then neatly broken on the
wheel.
But this little Russian woman, with her thickened speech, her good roll
ing r's. her disdain of rhetorical rules, her vehemence of expression, her potent,
unstudied postures, is the most interesting woman I ever met. She has life!
she has courage, she has brains. She is fiercely consistent, unwaveringly true
and, though I can't agree with her, I believe her to be absolutely sincere.
You should hear her talk. It doesn't matter whether you're socialist or
anarchist or are endowed with a blessed indifference of Isms in general. You
can better afford to miss hearing Melba or even Bernhardt than listening to
this genuine creature. She is San Francisco's sensation, as she was that of
New York and Chicago; and next to the departure of the soldiers who
marched off to Cuba, there is nothing so thrilling as listening to Emma Gold
man.. For nothing cows this woman, who alludes, in her full, strong contralto,
to the Deity as "the old gentleman who employs full-stomached Idlers, priests!
rabbis and ..ministers to mind his business"; who attacks the Press, and
charges it with the responsibility of the war with Spain; who speaks mock
ingly of President McKlnley as "a low politician," and says that It was
honesty among thieves that made De Lome so express himself; and who then
turns upon the people themselves present and taunts them with their ignor
ance, their helplessness, their gullibility.
"You— you— you fools," she cried, "you slaves, who prate of humanity! Did
you interfere In humanity's name when Sheriff Martin and the other murder
ers, his deputies, shot the strikers down? O, no, you did nothing oi. the kind!
You believe what you're told to believe, you do what you're told to do You
stand like cattle before the bulletin boards with the war news. What for my
friends, what for? That the ruling classes may rejoice; that the yoke may
press tighter upon you; that your blood and your body and your purse may
suffer. And then you talk of freedom, of liberty!"
O, the contempt in this woman's voice! O, the power she has over this
large audience that shouts bravos and stamps and roars in response to her
fiery words!
"Ab if a workingman could ever be free! Why, you are slaves, slaves.
And 'the brave boys, the brave boys.' "she went on, quoting sarcastically. "I
say 'the brave boy' who goes to offer himself In battle while his father slaves
and sweats at home and hia sister sells herself In the streets deserves the lash
— and I hope he gets it."
I asked Miss Goldman later whether she didn't fear to address men in
such terms as this. ' :
"Never," she answered. "I have talked to workingmen at the mines, in Chi
cago, during strikes and never once was molested."
She doesn't mince words, this fierce, scornful woman. She denounces tno
present war— all wars— as a relic of a barbarous time. She declares that the
men we honor— Washington. Jefferson, and Wendell Phillips— were not patri
ots, but rebels. She deplores love of country because it makes one intolerant.
"Do you mean to tell me, ' she demands, one little hand outstretched and
the other braced upon her hip; "do you mean to tell me that it is wise and
noble to throw yourselves like wild beasts upon the Spaniards, and that you'll
believe it perfectly wise and perfectly legal and noble simply because you'ic
told so by the press and the pulpii— the pulpit," slie sneered, "for war!— and
the monopolists and the Government that is not by the people and for the
people? They tell you you'd tear yourselves to pieces if you had no leaders
Who does the lynching in the South -the white or the black?"
Miss Goldman's speech is epigrammatic; it is highly quotable. "The worli
is my country, r she declares. "To do good is my only religion." Frc<sdorn
freedom, is her cry. According to her creed every barrier is tyranny every
Government, all laws, an imposition.
And the remedy?
"1 may be a fool; I am not a prophet," she answered a question firm
the gallery, with a swagger, the only betrayal of self-consciousness she was
guilty of last night.
This small fire-brand will suggest no remedy save this:
"Truth is a dangerous weapon in the hands of working men and women
Your enemy is not in Spain, but in Washington; not in Madrid, but here in Son
Francisco, in New York, in Chicago. I believe in holding up a looking glaas be
fore you, so that you can see and know yourselves. When you are educated
when you realize your power, you'll ne«d no bombs, and no dynamite or militia
will hold you/
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALI,, WEDNESDAY, APIIIL. 27, 1898.
proceeds of the picnic are to be devoted
to the organ fund, and with this object
in view the committees and all the par
ishioners are using every- effort to make
the affair not only a social but also a
financial success.
Acquitted of Embezzlement.
Charles P. Harris, a stockbroker, who
failed in 1596 and was accused of the em
bezzlement of $1800 worth of stock belong
ing to Mrs. Jeannette A. Jordan, was ac
quitted yesterday by a Jury In Judge
Wallace's court. After listening to the
testimony for the prosecution Judge Wal
lace instructed the jury to acquit, as the
evidence entirely failed to substantiate
the charge of embezzlement.
Poolsellers Sentenced.
W. H. Coleman. who was convicted by
a jury In Judge Campbell's court last Fri
day of violating the pool ordinance, was
yesterday sentenced to pay a fine of $40.
The smallness of the penalty was owing
to the fact that the jury recommended
Coleman to the leniency of the court. No
tice of appeal was given and the bonds
were fixed in $500.
Charged With Burglary.
Richard Leonard, alias J. D. Lord, and
John Leishman were arrested yesterday
afternoon by Policemen Phelan and Me-
Entee on a charge of burglary. They
broke into a shed at the Wlelar.d brewery
on Second street and stole three monkey
wrenches. They had been suspected of
stealing before, and a watch was kept
upon them, resulting in their arrest.
■ ♦ ■
New Incorporations.
The Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House
has. been incorporated by Moritz Silver
man, Adolph Silverman, Joseph Silver
man, Raphael Peixotto and Edgar D.
Peixotto.
I. W. Rider, Tensie Stewart, H. R. Os
good, T. J. Greer and E. Stewart have
filed articles of incorporation of the Santa
Clara Milk Company,
Griggs' Lectures Ended.
Professor Griggs finished his third
course of lectures under the auspices of
the Charming Auxiliary yesterday, when
he rend his interesting paper entitled,
"A Walk In Vienna." Next Saturday
afternoon Alfred W. Martin of Tacoma
will speak on "Wagner and the Music of
the Future," and Mrs. Martin will illus
trate the theme by piano selections.
. ♦ .
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MOYlLJ.E— Arrived— Ethiopia, New York for
Glasgow, and proceeded.
THE MAYOR
MAY HAVE
TO PAY
Dividing the Respon
sibility for the
Shortage.
The Company Insuring
Widber Is After the
Coin Counters.
It Contends Mr. Phelan Could
and Should Have Pre
vented Theft
NEGLECTED A GRAVE DUTY
Wlcl bar's Estate Will Be Levied on
Flratand Then Those Who Should
Have Counted.
It seems now as If the board that
should have properly counted the money
in the treasury as a guarantee against
just such a combination of circumstances
as led to the exposure of A. C. Widber
will have to bear more than the mere
censure of the public. The surety com
pany in which Widber was insured has
decided to make a demand first upon the
estate of the defaulter and then upon the
president of the board which should have
counted the money, the contention being
that had the money been properly count
ed each. month the shortage would never
have occurred.
Edwin Waxfleld, president of the
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary
land, which was Widber's sole surety, ar
rived In the city yesterday morning and
left last evening, the object of his flying
trip being to investigate and confer and
decide upon the course the company
should adopt. There was a conference in
his apartments at the Palace Hotel yes
terday at which Mayor Phelan was an
earnest and interested member, and the
result was a formal demand upon the
city to bring proceedings, iirst against
whatever estate Widber may have and
then upon the chairman of the board that
should have counted the money.
The position of the company was out
lined to the Mayor In the following com
munication, a copy of which was given
him:
To the City and County of San Francisco:
Although no demand has been made upon us,
we. taking notice of the fart that one Augus
tus C. Widber, formerly the Trt-asurer of the
City and County of San Francisco, has de
faulted In the sum of one hundred and
eighteen thousand dollars, more or less and
that we, the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland, a corporation liiily organized,
created and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of Maryland, are the
sole surety from the first <>t January, 18»7,
upon the official bond of said Augustus C.
Widber for the sum of one hundred thousand
dollars, do hereby state that In entering upon
said bond o? said Augustus i\ Widber, we ac
cepted and became liable upon the same un
der and by virtue of the law that required the
President of the Board of Supervisors in con-
Junction with the County Judge and Auditor
of said city and county every month, to
examine the books of the said Treasurer, and
shall be permitted, and It shall be their duty,
to see and count over all the moneys re
maining In the hands of such Treasurer, and
it appearing to us that said President of the
Board of Supervisors and County Judge and
Auditor have wholly failed In the perform
ance of their duties to examine tha fiuoks of
the said Treasurer and to see and count over
all the money remaining In the hands of such
Treasurer.
. Now, Therefore, we state for the benefit of
the said city and county of San Francisco
that we require It under the law of the .State
of California, relating to the rights of sure
ties to proceed against the said Augustus «_'.
\\ idber and his estate and to pursue its rem
edy against the President of the Board of
Supervisors, and .all other persons who may
be liable and responsible in the premises and
to take all other remedies which the said
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland
cannot. Itself, pursue, and which would
llghtun Its burden.
Thereafter the said Fidelity and Deposit
Company waiving all technicalities nereb" de
clares that it will pay any balances or deficit
for which It may be liable under it; bond and
the law and to the full extent thereof.
. Fidelity, and Deposit Company of Maryland,
per EDWIN WARFIEI.D. President.
Another letter demanding that suit be
brought against the estate of Widber was
also served upon the Mayor, and also a
third letter, in which the position of the
company is again outlined and the de
mand is made that the Mayor be made a
party to another suit for recovery.
"We are not raising technicalities," s.aid
Mr. Warfleld, in speaking of his company,
"but we have a right under the law to
seek every means of lightening the bur
den upon us either by recovery from the
estate of the persona we guarantee or by
suit and recovery .against those whose
business it was not only to protect him
but to protect us. We had what was
called a thirty-day risk on Widber-^-that
is, we went on his bond with the knowl
edge that the monoy in his charge was re
quired to be counted every thirty days by
a responsible board or commission, and
with the expectation and the tacit under
standing that the officials whose duty it
was to serve on this board would attend
to their duties. We did not insure them
for the performance, consequently we
cannot be held responsible for what hap
pened aa a result of their dereliction.
"We contend that the shortage would
never have taken place had Widber
known that the money would be carefully
counted every month; and we assert that
the way in which it was counted gave
him the knowledge that he could steal
from the treasury with impunity; fur
ther, granting that the money was prop
erly counted every month, it is plain that
the shortage would have been discovered
long before it had reached the sum It was
eventually found to be, and therefore by
their neglect the commissioners have ren
dered us liable for two or three times as
much as we would have had to pay had
they discovered the defalcations a3 soon
as they should have done.
"We do not object to pay the loss, and
we will not raise technicalities, but we
have a right to redress from those who
have made such a defalcation possible by
neglecting a duty designed to make such
a state of affairs impossible."
It is expected that Widber's estate will
be large enough to cover a good part of
the defalcation. He Is said to own an in
terest in a mine worth ?50,000, which has
upon its dumps sufficient ore to yield $50 -
00- more. The surety company is entitled
to all this, and having obtained it the
liability of the Mayor and his financial
assistants will occupy the attention of
the courts.
THE MAYOR RESISTANT.
Ho Charges the Guarantee Company
With Having Adopted Equivo
cal Methods.
Mayor J. D. Phelan is much exercised
over the prospect of being compelled to
make good the ex-Treasurer's shortage,
and last night Issued the following state
ment:
"I saw President Warfleld of the Fidel
ity and Deposit Company of Maryland by
appointment at 4 o'clock this afternoon
In his room at the Palace Hotel. City
and County Attorney Creswell was with
me. Representing the company was not
only the president, but its attorney. C. H.
Wilson of 590 Califftmia street, and for
a part of the time Mr. Pelxotto, repre
senting ex-Treasurer Widber, was also
present.
"This is the first time I have had any
communication with the company, the
bond having been approved by Mayor Su
tro. There is nothing in the bond that re
quires the Mayor, Auditor and Superior
.Hidgt. to count the money in the treas
ury and report the condition of the treas
ury to the company, and so far as I am
aware no report was ever made to the
company, nor did they request any re
port. They simply insured the fidelity of
the Treasurer to the extent of $100,000. Mr.
Warfield said that no man was better in
dorsed than ex-Treasurer Widber; that
Before giving the bond they had made a
careful investigation and had reports
from leading bankers and citizens of San
Francisco as to his honesty. They were
in constant communication with him,
sending him printed blanks to fill out, so
not only before they gave the bond, but
during his term of ottice, they made in
quiries as to his methods of doing busi
ness. Like every other insurance corr.
pany— fire insurance, accident insurance,
elevator insurance, boiler insurance— the
Companies' representatives are supposed
to keep their company informed as to the
condition of the insured.
"Hence, when the president said that
its liability was affected by anything out
side of the dishonesty of ex-Treasurer
Widber the City and County Attorney
and myself were surprised. He and Mr.
Wilson said that they intended to ask
the Board of Supervisors to sue Widber
tirst, and then to sue the Mayor, the Au
ditor and the Superior Court, and if re
covery could not be had for tne shortage
from these sources, then they might con
sider the payment of the bond. Tney said
they had letters prepared which tney in
tended to send to the Board of Supervi
sors and exhibited copies of them, hand
ing me one.
"I explained to the president that the
auditor, Superior Judge and myself
counted the money, that nearly two
thirds of the money in the vault was al
ways in trays and easily counted, and
that the other third was in sacKs sealed
by the Mint and tagged, showing the
contents; that we weighed several of
these sacks taken at haphazard and
counted others, always finding them cor
rect, and that that was the method of
counting gold coin contained in sacks
pursued by all banking and commercial
institutions. That was our method, and
when we did it we discharged our duty.
He thought that we ought to have count
ed every coin and locked it up in a safe
and sealed it, and as long as our own
seals remained unbroken to consider it
all there, which would have facilitated
the count and not required three days of
our time every month. I tolrl him that
that method was exposed to the same
danger that we' experienced in accepting
the Mint seals, because our own seals
could have been forged. We simply rested
upon the universal practice of accepting
Mint seals, a practice which is in daily
vogue in San Francisco.
"He said, cutting oft' further discussion,
that the company and its attorney had
agreed upon a plan of action as outlined
in *he letters requesting the Board of
Supervisors to sue, as I stated to you be
fore. I asked him if he had not con
sidered the proposition of giving all of
Widber's property to a trustee and realiz
ing upon it for the common benellt of the
ex-Treasurer, the surety company and
the city. He said that they had con
sidered t'nnt. Attorney Peixotto for his
client had proposed to City and County
Attorney Creswell, which was agreeable
to the City and County Attorney and to
me, to have the surety company, pay ita
obligation and then, all three parties
agreeing upon a trustee, for the oky to
release its attachments and turn it over
to the trustee for the common benefit, to
be realized on as speedily as possible.
This is the proposition I expected to dis
cuss to-day, but the president and his
attorney had evidently decided to act
without our advice or assistance.
"Then came a remarkable phase of this
interview, which led me to conclude that
the company was playing a game in
which they expected to interest me.
They intimated that I personally could
well afford to pay the deficit. I said
jocularly that I was endeavoring to brine
about an economical administration of
the city's affairs, and that the deficit
would serve my purpose because the
money could not be appropriated out of
the treasury that was not there. Then
Mr. Wilson said that they did not waive
their right to criminally prosecute of
ficers whose alleged neglect exposed
Widber to temptation. I asked him very
sharply what he meant. He said he
meant"that the company might criminally
prosecute the officers whose duty it- was
to count the money and bring the case
before the Grand Jury. I turned to Mr.
Warfield and said, 'Does Mr.. Wilson
speak for the company when he makes
that statement?' Mr. Warfield did not
answer, and I asked him again if the
company was responsible for the state
ment of Mr. Wilson, and he said yes, the
company was disposed to prosecute
criminally any one who was Instrumental
in causing it loss.
"I looked upon this as a threat border
ing very closely upon blackmail, and re
alized that they were banking upon a
supposed hostility of the Board of Super
visors toward .me personally, and you
will mark that in their letters to the
Board of Supervisors they mention me
particularly; and also upon my supposed
ability to pay in order to avert the con
sequences of their threat. When this was
mentioned I retorted hotly that they
were going out of tne bounds of their
business, and that- they wouiu meet with
resistance if they indulged in it. For my
part I considered the interview at an end.
Of course, if they prosecute anybody
criminally they would have to prosecute
not only the Mayor and the Audit )r but
most of the Judges of the Superior Court,
■who acted with these officers in counting
the money.
"The gist of the matter is that the com
pany has decided to ask the Supervisors
to sue first ex-Treasurer Widber and then
the Mayor, Auditor and Judges of the
Superior Court, ano exhaust mem nrst.
Then if they cannot recover from these
officers they say they will probably pay. |
Jlv lawyers advise that the proposition ;
is absurd; that, they have insured the:
fidelity of the Treasurer. He uas proved
unfaithful and the city can. recover from
the Treasurer and his bondsmen as,prin
cipal and surety, and I believe that suit
should be brought at once and for that
purpose. . ..
"I will call a special meeting of the
Board of Supervisors for next Thursday,
at 2- o'clock, to act upon the communica
tions of the company. There is great ur
gency, for this reason, that unless this
money is recovered from this foreign cor
poration in the Federal courts speedily,
the business of the city for the balance
of the fiscal year will in many respects
come to a standstill. No street work can
be done; Market street can not be paved;
bills for subsistence of prisoners and
other expenses of the city government
can not be met, and as no money can be
paid out of the next fiscal year for con
tracts accruing in this fiscal year, the
machinery of the government will stop
unless provision is made by recovery on ,
this bond. The .Board of Supervisors are ;
entitled to early legal advice as to the
methods of proceeding, and the city's at
torneys should have the suit on the bond
immediately instituted. We can not af
ford to trifle with a company whose
methods, to say the least, are so equiv
ocal. They are evidently trying to avoid
their liability, after assuming it with a
full knowledge which they independently
acquired of the reputation and character
of the ex-Treasurer, and after charging
him $500, which probably came out of the
city's strong: box, as the price for the
bond. The Treasurer never did, nor could
he, refuse them the privilege of investi
gating his office, and they must pay for
their neglect. Widber was a good risk
when they took him. and now that he is
a total loss, they must pay.
"I will use every effort, officially and
otherwise, to compel them to meet this
obligation, and I shall not approve any
bond of their company hereafter, now
thai I have an insight into their meth
ods."
GITS GARSON. 238 Kearny street, near
Bush, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
.• ♦ »
FELL INTO A WELL.
A Child Killed While Playing in His
Father's Yard.
While playing in his father's yard at '
Twenty-fifth avenue and Texas street |
yesterday afternoon Walter Leslie Korch- ;
nick, a two-year-old boy, fell into a well ]
and was instantly killed.
The boy had been amusing himself out \
of doors while his mother kept watch of
him through a window, rie went to an
unused well which had been dug recently,
but abandoned because no water was
found, and removed the boards which
covered it. His mother missed him from
the yard and went in search of him.
When she saw tne cover had been taken
from the well she surmised that the boy
had fallen into it. and found that her
supposition was correct. Neighbors were
summoned and the child taken Into the
house. Dr. Simpson was called, but the
child was dead before he arrived. The
doctor signed a death certificate, so the
body was not taken to the Morgue and
an inquest was waived.
— « ♦ «
Fell Down the Elevator.
Adolf Soeke commenced suit yesterday
against Hart & Co., occupants of a store
at 521 Kearny street, and W. H. and
George S. Crim, owners of the premises,
to recover $5000 damages for injuries al
leged to have been received on January
6tn laet, by falling down an unprotected
sidewalk elevator.
Try our $1 Eyeglasses. 710 Market & 11 Geary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BLACK
We have just opened our
last shipment for this season
of HIGH NOVELTY BLACK
DRESS GOODS, and will ex-
hibit this week the choicest
variety of FRENCH and ENG-
LISH NOVELTlESevershown
in this city.
In the assortment will be SILK and
WOOL MATLASSE, FIGURED PIREOLAS,
CREPE CHEVIOTS, SILK and MOHAIR
FIGURED POPLINS, FIGURED MOHAIR
BENGALINES, SILK BAYADERE GRENA-
DINES and FIGURED CANVAS ETAMINES.
The above goods are on exhibition in our
show windows, and our customers are asked to
take advantage of this special offering of Ele-
gant Black Fabrics.
111, 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
REVIVES THE
CARNIVAL IDEA
San Rafael Will Have a
Floral Festival After
All.
Decision Reached at a Mass-
Meeting of the Town's
Citizens.
Heated Arguments and Sensational
Charges Result From a Difference
of Opinion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April . 26.— At a
mass meeting held to-night at Coch
rane-McNear Hall a strenuous effort
was made to reanimate the corpse of
the proposed rose festival. Attorney
Cochrane was elected chairman and a
free discussion followed. Judge Duf
flcy spoke warmly in favor of. the pro
posed festival and H. Phillips came to
his support with a resolution to the ef
fect that the executive committee go
on with the carnival. Others also
snoke in favor of holding the festival.
After the proponents had their in
ning the "cold water" brigade- took the
meeting in hand. W. M. Anderson, the
chairman of the executive committee,
said the carnival could not be carried
on.
Professor Collins said that if the
ladies' committee refused to act enough
school children could not be got into
line to make the American flag in the
procession.
Director-General Newhall gave a
statement of the finances in the hands
of the executive committee. He said
he was in favor of waiting until the
fall, and then holding a chrysanthemum
festival.
Bitter feeling was engendered by T.
H. Rush stating he could not see where
some of the money paid in had
gone. Director-General Newhall took
the remarks as personal, and. advanc
ing to the platform, where Hush was
acting as secretary, threateningly
asked if any insinuation were intended
regarding himself in the statements
made by the secretary. Newhall stated
most emphatically that Rush was a
member of the executive committee and
knew where all the money had gone
and that it had been judiciously ex
pended.
Rush replied that he had meant
nothing reflecting on the integrity or
ability of Mr. NewhaU, but he adhered
to the original assertion.
Rush's explanation brought mors
heated talk, but it gradually cooled
down and a motion was carried by a
fair majority that the festival as
planned be carried out.
When the result was announced I.
C. Gieske, one of the executive commit
tee men, handed in his resignation.
While the majority of the citizens be
CASTORIA
j For Infants and Children.
The fio- yy
:.' ii«oii9 y^jSr stir*, „"" Ie « ■
lieve the carnival can be carried to a
successful issue the members of th«
executive committee have a different
opinion. It is thought that most of
the members of the committee
will resign. Many citizens side
with the executive committeemen
and the feeling in the city over
the proposed festival Is so bitter that
it is thought if it is carried to an issue
it will receive but feeble support, and
that it will not be a success.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ASSAULT UPON
SPANISH HONOR
is what Sagastr- calls this. You can
fool people some of the time, but not
all the time. Regular standard, high
grade work year in and year out Is
what tells, and you can always depend
upon artistic and beautiful finish and
color on any work turned out at the
United States Laundry. Office 1004 Mar-
ket street. Telephone South 420.
THE SMITH PREMIER .
rggvSJv Used Everywhere.
jglPl^fc,. We Rent All Makes.
cll!!!!!^ Send OI ? Samples and
«SJlss|i|£Sfc Prices.
L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
110 Montgomery Sti,S.'F.
POSITIVELY
The Last Week.
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH D lIP 0
PERSIAN illiUlJ
B. H. PAUL'S entire stock, before his depart-
. ure to Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M.,
At 106-108 Grant aye., ; between Tost and Geary.
As every i rug will ;be sold out regrardles- of
cost, a. life-time chance to buy genuine cooda
at your own prices. * -.
- ' N. E. CLARK. Auctlc**^. ,