VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 89.
TO MEET TREACHERY
WITH THE SWORD
INDEMNITY IS
NOT IN FAVOR
IN CONGRESS
ONLY BLOOD
WILL ATONE
FOR BLOOD
The President Is Still Hope
ful of a Peaceful
Settlement.
Members of Neither House Will
Follow Him if Any Party in
Spain Destroyed the
Maine.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The idea of demanding a
mere money indemnity for the dastardly destruction of
the Maine is not popular in Congress. It is not thought
the country will be satisfied to consider this as it would a
commercial question. The only circumstances under which
a money indemnity would be regarded as adequate would
be if Spain should prove conclusively that the act was
that of a private citizen and could produce and punish the
culprit.
The complicity of any political organization or fac
tion of Spain, though an enemy to the present ministry
and even to the crown of Spain, would place the responsi
bility upon the Spanish Government in a way to preclude
a. money settlement.
A proposition held to be clear by well-informed men
about Congress is that if it is shown that the explosion
occurred from external causes the immediate assumption
will be that it was the act of Spain. The burden of proof
to correct this assumption, if it be wrong, will then lie
upon Spain. If she could prove conclusively that the
crime was committed by an individual, and that the man- j
ncr of its accomplishment was such as to acquit the Gov- j
ernment of negligence or connivance, a humble apology
and the payment of indemnity would suffice.
A matter that causes the situation to be looked upon
with extreme gravity in Congress is the difficulty that
must be experienced in qualifying the responsibility of
Spain for the disaster. The presumptive evidence is gen
. erally held in Congress to be that no one could have ex-
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Hoisting th? Stars and sir!r-cs Over the '.r^ck of the Maine the Day After the
Disaster.
ploded a mine under the
Maine without the conniv
ance of the authorities. The
accident theory once dis
posed of, as it has been dis
posed of, it is believed this
country will be forced to the conclu
sion the crime was the act of Spanish
officials.
It is believed that the present
Spanish Ministry, if convinced that
the explosion was not the result of
an accident, would be willing to
make any sort of reparation, and
would do this with every show of
humility which the dastardly char
acter of the crime would demand, but
it is feared that the state of public
feeling in Spain and among Span
iards in Cuba will not admit of the
Ministry doing whot their better
judgment and sentiment of justice
and propriety would dictate. It is
not thought the Sagasta Government
can have anything but the greatest
abhorrence for such a crime, but the
Ministry is not felt to be strong
enough to deal with the matter as it
should.
Little doubt is entertained in
Congress that if the Maine was de
stroyed by intent it was the work of
Weylerites, aimed as much at Sa
gasta and Blanco as at the United
States. It is no exaggeration to say
there is a show of impatience over
the reported consideration by the
President and members of his Cab
inet of a proposition to demand a
money indemnity. The claims now
HAULING A 10-INCH GUN TO THE PRESIDIO.
ADVISED BY LEE
TO LEAVE HAVANA.
TAMPA BAY HOTEL, TAM
PA (Fla.), Feb. 26.— Mrs. Bruner
and five children are here from
Havana. She is the wife of Unit
ed States Health Officer Bruner
at Havana, and says Consul-
General Lee advised her hus
band to send her away at once.
Other Americans have also made
the same statement.
lodged against Spain at the State
Department for losses sustained by
American citizens on account of the
war in Cuba aggregate seventy mil
lions. The claimants and their
friends in Congress grow more im
patient each day at the hesitation
of the State Department in pressing
these claims. The explanation of
fered to the claimants is that it
would be impossible to recover from
Spain in her present bankrupt condi
tion and the inference is that the
claimants must wait until the war
ends and the royal exchequer is re
plenished, to say nothing of inter
vening delays that will be caused by
adjusting these claims: a fair illus
tration of which was afforded by the
Mora claim.
Members of Congress naturally
inquire whether a demand for in
demnity would not become thte sub
ject of international deliberation or
even of arbitration covering an in
definite period of time. The Presi
dent's spokesmen in Congress insist
STRONG PROOF
OF PLOTS BY
THE SPANIARDS
that the question of indemnity for
the Maine is not to be subjected to
the slow process of evolution charac
teristic of international claims, but
will be made immediate.
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
TALKING INDEMNITY.
It Is Clear That the Administration
Will Avoid a War With Spain if
That Is Possible.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: Mature and judicial
consideration of all the facts, and pre
parations to meet any possible contin
gency, continues to be the policy of the
administration in connection with the
Maine disaster. No new light, official
or otherwise, developed to-day as to
the initial cause of the great calamity,
and the authorities are patiently wait
ing, with such fortitude as they can
under the circumstances, for the final
report of the court of inquiry before
definitely deciding on any course of ac
tion.
The settlement of the serious ques
tion without a conflict with Spain is the
main point of discussion between the
Authorities pending the receipt of the
court's conclusions. It is manifest from
many quarters that the President, while
fully appreciating the temper of the
country, does not consider the matter
beyond settlement through the medium
of" diplomacy if the Spanish Govern
ment will receive in the proper spirit
the demand which is made on it.
He repeated to more than one friend
Continued en Second Page.
THE WITNESSES
PRODUCED BY
GENERAL LEE
Overheard Talk Which Indica
ted a Deliberate Plan to
Destroy the Maine.
Court of Inquiry Has Closed Its Work for the
Present at Havana and Gone to Key West
Where It Will Begin Work Again, Prob
ably on Monday Morning Next.
THE MAINE'S ARMOR BELT
WAS BLOWN CLEAR INBOARD.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26. — A Key West special to the Herald says:
I have just received from Havana valuable information as to the
Maine disaster. In advices from there I aia informed that the last
examination of the wreck made by the divers on Thursday revealed
the fact that the forward part of the Maine's port armor belt was
broken completely off. The broken section was founu in the debris
of the wreck, and nearly a dozen feet aboard.
To be exact, the distance from the afterpart of the detached
metal to the forward part of the ruptured belt is 11 feet 4 inches.
The forward part of the belt is bent inboard and upward. The
plate bulges in sharply at the point where the broken section is de
tached.
This armor belt tapers from a ten-inch thickness at its top to
a four-inch thickness at its base. It is of the best Harveyized
steel, and when it was being put in place I remember that Assist
ant Naval Constructor Street, now dead, told me the metal was so
hard it was necessary to anneal the plates at points where the bolt
holes were to be cut. I mention this as showing the strength
and hardness of the metal.
It is hardly necessary, however, as no one can conceive how
even a plate of butter could be bulged inward by an internal explo
sion. The detached section of the armor took with it its armor
bolts and rubber washers. The washers were closely examined
and were found to be intact except at the point of rupture. This
is regarded as significant, my informant believing that the gases
generated by an inside explosion would have melted the rubber.
The wooden backing of the armor is splintered, showing a blow
from the outside.
Three six-inch powder cases were recovered from the wreck on
Thursday evening. These cases, originally cylindrical in shape,
are telescoped in the way you crush an opera hat. The horizontal
seams are split open. This is corrugation, indicating that the
charges were intact when pressure was brought to bear.
I have received a fuller description of the appearance of that
uplifted keel. The Maine was fixed with a double bottom, and
between the bottom and the inner skin ran a series of strengthen
ing plates. Of these the first on the port side has been hove up
ward to a point level with the water line of the wreck. This sec
tion of the hull was identified by the strainer for flooding that spe
cial compartment, and which, the explosion lifted into view, to
gether with the sluices for running water from the first long
itudinal into the bilge. .
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Feb. 26. — I
learned last night from a
source, the accuracy of which
cannot be doubted, that, in
addition to taking the evi
dence of divers yesterday,
several other important wit
nesses were heard. They
were produced before the
board of inquiry at the in
stance of Consul - General
Lee, and their testimony
was in effect that they had
heard remarks made by cer
tain Spaniards which, in
their opinion, indicated a
deliberate plot against the
Maine.
The witnesses were Cu
bans, with the exception of
one, who is an Italian, but
speaks Spanish fluently.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Their evidence was taken by
the board through Consular
Clerk Drain, who acted as
interpreter. So strictly were
these witnesses guarded it
was impossible to learn
either their names or the names of
the persons implicated by their tes
timony.
Official circles are thoroughly
stirred up by cable dispatches from
New York and Washington indicating
the great importance attached to the
Herald's recent dispatch concerning
Naval Constructor Powelson's testi
mony. One result already manifest is
the increased stringency of the censor
ship.
Strong efforts were made yesterday
by the representatives of other New
York newspapers to persuade Powel
son to deny the character of his evi
dence before the board. Mr. Powel
son, however, refused to be quoted in
any way. and in explanation of the
consistent attitude of silence which
he has maintained, simply cited the
strict orders of the department.
Senator Proctor, immediately after a
light breakfast at the Hotel Inglaterra2
PATRIOTIC AMERICANS ARE READY.
MILLIONAIRES OF
NEWPORT MOVE
VALUABLES
Owners of Cliff Castles to Save
Personal Property fort) the
Possibility of Destruction
by Spanish Guns.
BOSTON Feb 26.— The millionaire owners of the cliff castles at
Newport are' taking early precaution to save their most valuable prop
erty from the possibility of destruction by hostile guns. They are alive
to the necessity of removing their works of art and costly bric-a-brac
gathered from many lands, and the safe deposit companies and big
storehouses inland are to receive much of it before many more days
have passed. Telegraphic orders have come to servants during the
past twenty-four hours for the removal of the pictures ana silverware,
and some is being shipped to New York to-day, while still more is
going to country homes in various parts of New England and the
Middle States.
Many Millions invested in mansions on the edge of the cliffs cannot
be removed at all. or even protected from an enemy's fleet, for the deep
sea of the south shore is unguarded and the marble palace of the Van
derbllts, the princely home of the Goelets, the palatial cliff "boxes" of
the Lorillards would only serve as targets for the long-range guns on
war vessels passing along the coast five to seven miles off shore.
There is from $25,000,000 to $30,000,000 invested in houses alone on
the Newport cliffs, all visible a long distance at sea, and in the event
of war the wealthy owners fully realize that insurance risks become
doubtful, and they would have to suffer the entire loss if. bombarded.
Newport, as well as its costly cliff mansions, is also unprotected from
an attack on the sea side, though its harbor may be guarded by torpe
does.
The wealthy summer colony will take Its chances, but such men as
Belmont, Wetniore. Van Alen. Vanderbilt, Lorillard, Havemeyer, Whit
ney, Payne, Bennett, Brice, Palmer and Drexel are casting anchors to
windward and will, if possible, afford less amusement to the lively
crews of passing Spanish warships.
this morning, was shown upstairs to
the room of Consul-General Lee,
where they remained in close consulta- !
tion for several hours. Consul-Gen
eral Lee rarely goes to the Consular
office until after breakfast, at about v j
o'clock. The fact that Senator Proctor |
sought a conference immediately in the
hotel, instead of seeking it later at the
Consulate, is regarded as significant by
people who profess to see graver pur
poses than tarpon-fishing in the Ver
mont statesman's arrival.
It may be of some interest to know
that Captain Eulate of the Spanish
cruiser Vizcaya was not long ago com
mander of the navy-yard in Havana.
He was in charge when the Competi
tor was captured and presided at the
trial of the captain and crew. He rec
ommended to the authorities in Madrid
that the prisoners be shot.
The Colonial or Autonomist Govern
ment has appointed Manuel Rafael An
gulo to act as delegate in New York
to negotiate the proposed commercial
treaty with the United States. His sal
ary is $9000 a year, according to the
official gazette.
The rebels continue to display great
activity, and without fighting any im
portant engagements manage to keep
large forces of Spanish troops contin
ually moving.
Senor Calvez y Delmonte, formerly
eclitor of a Separatist paper in New-
York, has arrived at Havana and been
appointed Judge of Guanabacoa. Thje
Colonial Government has stated its
willingness to grant important
appointments to persons accepting au-
tonomy.
The Naval Board of Inquiry has con
cluded its first work «jf investigation.
Most of the salient evidence available
is undoubtedly now in* its possession.
Yet there is no reason to expect an
early report. The board cannot justly
be said to have been slothful in its
work, but is has been exceedingly de
liberate. Indeed, the impression here
is growing, as already indicated in these
dispatches, that there is a distinct pur
pose, doubtless inspired by high au
thority, to gain as much time as can
be safely done without actually expos
ing the board to the charge of dilatori
ness in the prosecution of its task.
The belief that this -is the purpose of
the administration is strengthened by
the arrival here this morning of Sena
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Could Not EaH-AlTWii
If there were no other means of prov- I rilla is just what such people need, be- j ties of Hood's Sarsaparilla and several
ing the great blood-enriching power of j cause it makes rich, pure, nourishing | boxes of Hood's Pills. She regained her
Hood's Sarsaparilla, the grateful testi- blood. . ; weight and is now enjoying the best
montals from thousands of weak, tired, IRONTON ; ,OI, OI ? 10 7" My mother was !of = health. Her digestion is good, and
-,- ; ; .J subject to sick headache and indiges- i she can eat almost anything she
■ >^. —— — —^,^ .' '/:• tion for over a year. She was unable wishes. She is 42 years old, and says
yS*^ -^S^ ■''■- ■' to stand up for any length of time, and ;■ • ' ' ' ■■ ■ ■
s' >v was obliged to stay in a dark room, as { t^~
'/.-*• J&%B&? • \. she could not bear the light. She had j 'y^'-'iS' ■ ■■' CC _ _ Ss \
Ui^^H^ / that she became but ashadowof herself. ''
\^&^L Prescriptions failed to do her any good.
vl^SJilis?^ * >^* as *=- lA ~ and the remedies she tried weakened U^^^lafc^. fl*^|~f"fej«Bf JlP f /
' "** " -*S^^~. "^w^." / her so much that she discontinued th<-ir \ >j "^r^is^S^^Bl \l
J j^Sr^~~ =^V use. and she l<^t all faith in mcdl- \ v^^y/\ jSpfJy
larly afflicted who was cured by Hood's \. ' ''^^^^^^j^lS^^
-~ Sarsaparllla. It sounded so truthful \. !/ssJ2fiS^jlP^
discouraged women, tortured with that I persuaded mother to try this \^^al^
headaches,.' indigestion and •. weak medicine. Before she had finished the | ' : Ir , >
nerves, who have : found complete re- first bottle there was an improvement *£* If el8 Q " c " ml' Whe £ : She l* . 16
station to health and vigor by th. in her condition. • She no longer threw S^'l^Pl?i^S^f SKS
use of this medicine, would abundantly up her food and her headache was not have a place in our household." MISS
establish this fact. Hood's Sarsapa- so severe. She took in all four bot- ! MARY MASCARIE. -V.;*.;
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine, because it accomplishes wonderful cures .when all other medicines fail. It is sold
by all druggists. ; $1; six- for $5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Apothecaries, Lowell, Mass. :
tor Proctor, former Secretary of War.
His coming at this time has caused
much comment, both among Ameri
cans and Spaniards. When I saw Sen
ator Proctor this morning he pro
tested emphatically that his visit had
no official significance whatever; that
the only business he has in hand is bus
iness of a purely private nature; th.it
he has been tarpon-fishing in Florida,
and is in Cuba chiefly for his health.
Consul-General Lee seems anxious
to verify what Senator Proctor says.
When I told the Consul last night that
the Senator would arrive this morning
he appeared surprised and admitted
it was the first information he had re
ceived on the subject. Lee promptly
added, however, that the fact that he.
the Consul-General, had not been in
formed was the best possible evidence
that no official significance could rea
sonably be attached to Senator Proc
tor's visit.
Despite these statements. Senator
Proctor's well-known relations of in
timacy with the President, his record
in the Senate and the War Department
and his reputation for coolness and
good judgment, cause Americans in
Havana to accept his explanation with
some degree of incredulity. Persons
who have known the Senator for years
to-day remarked that he does not look
like a man who needs travel for his
health. Mr. Proctor, in fact, appears
particularly robust. It is even pointed
out that there are other localities in the
tropics which under present condi
tions, may justly be regarded as more
nearly ideal health resorts than the city
of Havana.
THE NAVAL COURT
HAS LEFT HAVANA.
Will Resume Its Sessions to Take
Testimony at Key West, Prob
ably on Monday Morning.
HAVANA. Feb. 26.— The lighthouse
tender Mangrove sailed at half-past 3
this afternoon for Key West with mem
bers of the Naval Court of Inquiry on
board. Their purpose is to make a
leisurely run to Key West and resume
the sessions there on Monday morning.
In all probability four or five days will
be long enough to secure all the testi
mony in Key West, and at the expira
.tion of that time Havana will again be
come the scene of investigation. It is
believed now the board will not be sat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
isfifd to submit its report until it has
had a better opportunity of actually in
specting the bottom of the wrecked
ship. This will not be possible, of
course, until the more powerful wreck
ing apparatus now en route from New-
York has arrived here and had time
enough to raise the shattered ship, at
least partially, and clear • away the
mud from around her hulk.
The concluding session to-day was
one of considerable importance. Cap
tain Sigsbee was recalled to go over
certain portions of his previous testi
mony.
Consul General Lee visited the Man
grove shortly before she sailed and
conferred briefly with the members of
the board, i He was not there as a wit
ness, but rather as the escort of Sena
tor Proctor and his traveling com
panion, M.. M. Parker of Washing
ton. The party first visited Captain
Cowtes on board the Fern and then
came over to the Mangrove in one of
the Fern's boats. Senator Proctor was
presented to the members of the board
and then, after a brief informal con
ference with Consul General Lee, dur
ing which the members of the court
referred to the prospects of their early
return here, the Generaf and Senator
went ashore and the Mangrove headed
down harbor and had soon passed
Moro Castle.
The greater part of to-day's session
was again devoted to Ensign Powel
son, who had been recalled to elaborate
his previous testimony. The board ex
amined him in great detail and put the
expert young constructor through a
series of technical questions. Mr. Pow
elson used elaborate drawings to illus
trate his testimony and showed a thor
ough . knowledge of the subject, an
swering all questions put by Judge Ad
vocate Marix and Captain Chapman,
who for a time assumed the role of
questioner.
Senator Proctor and his Washington
friend visited Dr. Brunncr to-day un
der Consul General Lee's escort. The
vaccinatrbn marks were not so recent
as they ought to have been and so the
distinguished Senator had to submit his
arm to the lance of Dr. Brunner, who
is no respector of persons. Even Sen
atorial dignity had to yield to vaccine
virus, and it yielded gracefully.
Only three bodies were recovered to
day. The platform to be constructed
for the use of the divers is not yet
ready, and the work consequently was
not so successful as was hoped. One
body, that o,f J. W. Johnson, was iden
tified later through tattoo marks on
the arms.
Fred Holzer, reported dying in an
earlier dispatch, died in the hospital to
day.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
ON THE NATIONS CRISIS.
If Guilt Is Brought to Spai i's Door,
Justice Mu.;t Be
Done
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— Archbishop
Ireland, who is in this city, said In an
interview to-day on the Spanish ques
tion:
"I have fully considered everything
that I have seen in the papers and
while at Washington I talked to the
officials of the Government, and in my
opinion nothing has yet come to light
that would, in my judgment, call for a
rupture between the United States and
Spain. Certainly, if guilt is brought to
the door of Spain full retributive jus
tice should be the order of the day.
Liberal indemnity, apologies and full
reparation ought to be preferable to
the legislators rather than that course
which would entail the country into
the consequences of war.
"The attitude of the administration
is dignified, worthy of this great na
tion. War scares and the clamors of
war do not move it. It awaits the ne
cessity of war, meanwhile making
ready. Mr. McKinley will not rush the
country into a needless conflict. Should
the honor of the country demand that
Mr. McKinley sign the proclamation of
war, he will do it with the same love
for peace, the same courage and the
same trust in the God of our nation
that characterized Abraham Lincoln
nearly forty years ago."
"What is the attitude of the Catholic
church at this time?" was asked.
"The Catholic church assumes no at
titude of any kind. She has not been
called upon the scene. The fact that
Spain is a Catholic nation matters
nothing. The question is not one of re
ligion. If there is a question at all, it
is not one of national and international
right and nothing else."
INCREASE OF
ARMY AND NAVY
Long's Request for More
Seamen Has Not Been
Acted Upon.
When the Bill Is Reported It
Will Be Speedily Passed
by Congress.
War Department Makes Arrange
ments for the Two New Regi
ments of Artillery.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Secre
tary Long may have to wait until the
latter part of next week or longer for
the legislation which he has asked au
thorizing the enlistment of 1500 addi
tional seamen. Chairman Boutelle of
the Naval Committee received the Sec
retary's letter this morning, but he did
not think the necessity for legislation
was so urgent as to warrant him in
calling a special meeting of the Naval
Committee to consider the draft of the
bill the Secretary submitted. When I
saw Boutelle late this evening he said
he had not given the matter much con
sideration, and he did not know wheth
er he would call a special meeting for
Monday or no-t. He consulted with
Speaker Reed and with Senator Hale,
chairman of the Senate Naval Com
mittee, during the day, but he would
not say that any programme had been
agreed upon. Should his committee
meet and report tin;- bill there is no
question whatever as to its speedy pas
sage through the House under a spe
cial order from the Committee on
Rules.
One matter that prevents Boutelle
giving much attention to the request
of Secretary Long for more sailors is
his great anxiety to get the bill for
the relief of the survivors and the heirs
of the victims of the Maine disaster
through Congress as quickly as pos
sible.
Representative Cannon, chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, is
opposing the consideration of this bill
at present.
The officials of the War Department
have completed all the preliminary ar
rangements for the immediate execu
tion of the bill, which is expected to be
come a law within the next few days,
providing fur two additional regiments
of artillery. There will be no difficulty
whatever in securing men, applications
for enlistment having been received
far in pxcess of the number required,
viz., 1610 men. -&reat care will be taken
in the recruiting, and only the best
men will be accepted. Under the law
all the new men must be citizens of the
United States. It is probable the ranks
will be recruited to a large extent from
men who have already served one or
more terms in the army. As fast as
recruited they will be gathered at the
recruiting rendezvous and held to
await the action of the, general com
manding. The principal rendezvous for
recruits arr at Fort Slocum, New York;
Washington Barracks, Columbus Bar
racks, Ohio; Fort Sheridan, 111., and
Jefferson Baraeks, Mo. The present
intention is to transfer experienced
non-commissioned officers and men to
the new regiments as a nucleus for
their organization and to fill their
places by promotion and recruits. With
the two new regiments there will be
seven regiments of artillery, and the
total strength of the army, including
the hospital corps, ordnance and engi
neer battalion and the West Point de
tachment, will be increased to nearly
27,000 men.
MERCHANTS CONSPIRED
TO DESTROY THE MAINE
Three Spaniards of Havana Alleged
to Have Bought Explosives
From the Government.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— A special to
a morning paper from Key West, Fla.,
says: I have to-day received private
information from Havana that con
vinces me that the de struetion of the
Maine was the work of three Spanish
merchants.
They have stores on Muralla street
between Habana and Villegas streets.
These men obtained the torpedo or
mine from sone one connected with the
Spanish Government, and gave it to
one of the three conspirators.
The four were to receive $10,000, al
though only a part of the money has
been paid. One of the men employed
was a. well-known diver of Regla, the
best In the harbor.
The spot selected to place the bat
tery, connected by wire with the mine
or torpedo, was over a bank called
Bajo de Santa Cataline, close to the
Maine.
This information comes from a
source that gives it great weight. I
have reason to believe that this clew
will lead to the detection of the per
petrators of the Maine outrage.
The information that the mine or
fixed torpedo was operated from Santa
Catalina wharf comes to me from two
sources as well as the statement that
the men engaged in the work were
poorly paid for the hideous success.
Santa Catalina is a huge old hos
pital built out in the water across from
Havana. It has been abandoned for
some time and its deserted vastness
would afford all the opportunity want
ed by a set of skilled divers to operate
from. Here the conspirators met ni«rht
after night and planned the destruc
tion of the battle-ship.
They had but a Bhi t distance to §ro
after leaving the wharf, and as the
air pump was worked inside out of
sight, and as the diver moved be
neath the water it was impossible for
the watch on the ship to observe the
movements of those working to place
the mine.
More Wreckers for Havana.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— At the
office of the Merritt & Chapman
Dredging and Wrecking Company to
day it was said that the wrecking tug
Underwriter of Boston and the derrick
Chief would start from here to-day for
Havana to assist in the work of re
moving salvage and raising the wreck
of the Maine. Captain Kearn Feeney
said the company sent seventy-five
men to Havana to aid in the work of
raising the Maine, and that this week
the Big derricks, the Reliance a.nd the
Monarch, would be sent to Havana. The
Monarch has a lifting capacity of 200
tons and the Reliance 175 tons.
FILIBUSTERS
ARE LANDED
Dauntless Carries a Big
Expedition to the
Cubans.
i
Large Supplies of Ammunition
and Medicines Taken to
General Garcia.
Leaders of the Expedition Talk of
Spanish Treachery and PJots to
Kill General Lee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— A Key "West
special to the Herald says: The most
important expedition that has gone
Into Cuba since the insurrection began
has just been successfully landed'from
the famous filibuster Dauntless by
"Dynamite" Johnny O'Brien and Dr.
M. Nunez. This was, in fact, a double
expedition, landings having been made
in Santiago de Cuba and then in Pinar
del Rio. The steamship City of Key
West arrived from Miami this after
noon, having on board besides O'Brien
and Nunez J. C. Carlaya, Emilio Nu
nez, Justa Corrillo, Ambrose Diaz, R.
Hernandez, F. Alonzo and Frank
Plaguchi. These men were taken up at
10 o'clock this morning at Bay Hunda,
a small key about thirty miles from
here. The Dauntless came clos^ up to
that key just before daybreak this
morning and dropped them there, and
then steamed away for some northern
port, where she will be likely seized by
United States officials.
"Dynamite Johnny" O'Brien was
highly elated when I saw him this af
ternoon. He refused to admit he had
been aboard the Dauntless, but freely
admitted he had been in charge of an
rmportant and successful filibustering
expedition.
"We gave to General Calixto Gar
cia," he said to me, "five hundred thou
sand rounds of ammunition, a largo
number of modern rifles and dynamite
enough to blow up many Spanish forts.
More than, that, we gave him three ex
pert electricians with wires and bat
teries necessary for firing dynamite
safely and successfully! We landed
considerable quantities of clothing,
shoes, physicians and medicines. The
medicine is in charge of four trained
nurses, who are protected by Red
Cross passports and who will nurse the
sick and wounded insurgents. About
forty volunteers left our expedition to
join Garcia's forces. We were met by
a body of cavalry numbering perhaps
200, for we are sure our goods got into
the right hands this time. This land
ing was made without interruption on
the morning of the 20th.
"Five days later we made the land
ing in Matanzas Province, where thirty
men took charge of 400,000 rounds of
ammunition, several cases of rifles,
quantities of dynamite with electrical
accessories, clothing, provisions and
medicines. All this has no doubt
reached General Diaz before now. We
were so secure of our position in the
east that we remained where we had
made the landing for twelve hours, and
then turned our noses toward Bay
Hunda. Our homeward run was with
out incident, but we had two scares on
the run for Cuba. I can't tell you when
and where it was, but the first night
after we took the expedition aboard we
came near poking our way into serious
difficulty. We were just about to run
out from behind one of the keys when
the lookout saw a finger from the flash
light strike the sea a quarter of a mile
before us. We slowed down, and an in
vestigation showed a warship of the
United States not far off.
"Had we not seen the flashlight five
minutes would have carried us into
full view of the ship. As it was we soon
slipped away unperceived. Off the
south coast of Cuba we sighted what
we took to be a French man-of-war.
We were seen, too, but no notice was
taken of us. Later on we caught a
glimpse of a Spaniard, but as we had
no business with him we did not speak
him. you may be sure. As he showed
a disposition to hug the shore, we were
compelled to run out to sea, and in that
way lost twenty hours, but it is all
right. When we next approached Cuba
we found the coast clear, and running
to the place of landing agreed upon,
found Garcia's cavalry awaiting us.
After that our expedition was without
incident.
"We knew nothing of the destruction
of the Maine until picked up by the
City of Key West to-day. We were
shocked, indeed, but Spanish
character, were not greatly surprised.
I am convinced that should we send
another warship on a 'friendly' mis
sion to Havana it would meet the fate
of the Maine. Dr. Nunez and I leave
on the Mascot to-night for Port Tam
pa and will proceed directly to New
York."
Dr. Nunez and the Cuban junta have
plans all made for sending 3000 men,
armed and equipped, into Eastern Cuba
just as soon as they can go openly.
That can only be when war between
Spain and the United States has been
declared, and Dr. Nunez believes such
hostilities are imminent. He said in
conversation with me:
"We know that Havana is In a riot
ing mood and we are constantly ex
pecting a demonstration against the
Americans in the city. A plot was laid
not long ago to assassinate Consul-
General Lee. It was Intended it should
appear to be the work of a crank and
blame was to be cast upon the Cubans,
just as the palace is now attempting to
cast upon us the blame for the destruc
tion of the Maine.
"We learned of the plot through one
of our Havana agents and promptly in
formed General Lee, who took steps to
protect himself. I am told he went to
General Blanco arid told him that the
plot was known" to him. I fully believe
that General Lee's life is in danger, as
is also that of every other American in
Havana. When the rioting begins,
however, the end of Spain in Cuba will
have come."
Doubtless Patriotically Mad.
MADRID, Feb. 26.— The Naclonal, in
a paragraph headed, "Madman or
Spaniard ?" says: "We are informed
that a distinguished officer of the com
missariat recently called at the resi
dence of the representative of a nation
which has been greatly prominent
since the war in Cuba. The officer's
manner aroused the apprehensions of
the diplomat, who refused to see his
visitor and informed the authorities,
who intervened and sent the officer to
a military asylum, declaring him
'Doubtlessly patriotically mad.' " The
diplomat referred to by the Nacional
is evidently United States Minister
Woodford.
HURRY ORDERS
RECEIVED AT
LEAGUE ISLAND
MoQitor Miantonon)ah ar)d Ran)
f^atahdin to Go lr)to Commis
sion at Once and Other
Vessels Being Pre
pared.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— A Philadelphia special to the Herald says:
The monitor Miantonomah and ram Katahdin ate to be put in commis
sion at once. A "hurry order" to that effect was received at the
League Island Navy Yard to-day, and a force -of men was immediately
put to work upon the monitor to make a few alterations that are nec
essary. The Katahdin loads her stores befr/re steaming away. Both
vessels are to be ready for sea by Tuesday, and between now and then
there will not be a moment of idlness upon either. Even to-morrow
will not be observed in the hasty preparation for war.
The Columbia and Minneapolis have also been ordered to- prepare
for sea. Both cruisers have been in commission for some time, but it
was not until to-day that the order for sea preparations was received.
In sixty hours they can be ready for active service. The work of put
ting stores aboard them will not be begun until Monday morning.
The Miantonomah has been at League Island since March, when she
was placed out of commission and her men distributed among ships in
active service. To put the ship in fighting trim it will be but a matter
of a few hours. For the first time ship visitors were not permitted mi
board for fear of their interference with the progress of work. "Our
orders are imperative," said one of the men in charge; "we cannot per
mit anybody to run around here." The monitor will have over 200 men.
in her complement, and it is expected that they will arrive from
Brooklyn on Monday.
On board the Minneapolis and Columbia preparations are going qui
etly on. The general impression aboard the Minneapolis and Columbia
is that both ships are to go South, although their destination is knmvn
only to the Navy Department.
Down at Fort Mifflin the activity is pronounced. This morning the
naval tug was called into service to take a party of seamen and gun
ners, in addition to several officers from League Island to the magazine
there. Heretofore but one or two officers and several seamen have been
taken to Fort Mifflin each day in the steam launch.
MEET TREACHERY
WITH THE SWORD
Continued from First Page.
to-day that the administration did not
want war, that it would seek to settle
the pending question, as grave as it is,
through the Legislative Department.
He thinks that if war came it would be
precipitated by Spain's attitude and
not by that of the United States. That
the administration still regards a
peaceful settlement of the matter on an
indemnity basis, whatever the decision
of the Court ' of Inquiry may be, was
further confirmed by Secretary Sher
man in conversation with Senators
at the Capitol to-day. ,
The venerable Secretary spent some
time with his former colleagues and
talked freely with them concerning the
entire Cuban question, and the Maine
disaster in particular. He made it
clear to them that an indemnity would
be demanded in proportion to the cir
cumstances hereafter to be developed
by the decision of the court of inquiry
as to the extent of Spain's responsibil
ity. In no case did he expect that the
disaster would be dealt with as casus
belli, but he clearly indicated that Spain
would be held liable for indemnity if
one fact is established — that the explo
ADVEETISEMENTS:
<XXXXXKXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX?KX>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCXXXXX
TAPESTRY PORTIERES,
CHENILLE PORTIERES,
ON
SPECIAL SALE
FOR THIS WEEK.
An immense purchase of Tapestry and
Chenille Portieres in the newest colorings in
medium and highest grades will be offered
for this week, commencing to-morrow, at
Special Prices!
EXTRaT ~~EXTRA!
*T 00 W 20 ° palrs Of Chenille Portieres, in red, olive, terra
A I A/ 1 U cotta and brown, with heavy chenille fringe and
**~ '• rich dado. On sale at $2.25 a pair.
AT 0 0 flfl a 25Cf pairs of Ta P estr y Portieres, in the new-
A I ■N.I lUUpaip « est colorings, 50 inches wide. On sale at
VW $3.00 a pair.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
245 pairs of Nottingham Lace Curtains, in ecru and white, from
1 to 3 pairs of each pattern, 3143 l 4 yards long, 60 inches wide
Win be closed out at $1.25 and $1.50 a pair; regular vh1»«
$2 and $2.50 a pair. g alUe
sion was due to some exterior cause,
however it may have happened.
The extent of Spain's responsibility
hinges a great deal upon the question
whether there are any mines in Havana
harbor. The Spanish Government,
through Senor Dubosc of the Spanish
legation here, has positively declared
that there are no mines in the harbor.
The authorities here are not prepared
to deny the accuracy of his statement.
The secret archives of the military arvl
naval divisions of our War and Navy
departments do not contain any proof
of the existence of such mines. Al
though it has been stated that Captain
Sigsbee, some time before the disaster,
reported that the harbor was full of
torpedo mines and there was one di
rectly under the Maine. tTie statemtM '
is emphatically denied at the Navy D<
partmcnt, and I am positively assure
by officers whose business it is to
know that there is not a particle of re
liable information in either State ■ or
Navy departments to warrant the con-i
elusions that there are any torpedo!
mines in the anchorage ground of Ha
vana harbor.
COMMISSIONS FOR "PE
STATE LIBRARY TRUSTEES.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 26.— Governor
Budd to-day decided to issue the commis
sions to the newly elected trustees of the
State Library. In speaking of the matter,
the Governor said:
"I have never been in a position to
issue them before, for the simple reason
that the Secretary of State has never
certified to the trustees' election. Having
received, for the first time, the certificate
to-day, I shall issue the commissions next
Monday."TO FURNISH MONEY FOR A WAR
MONEY
FOR WAR
ASSURED
Mr. Hanna in Consultation
With New York
Bankers.
The President Told He Can Have
All the Gold He Wants to
Put Into the War
Chest.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— Senator
Hanna's visit to New YoTk was
a dual one. He had private bus
iness of a very pressing nature,
and he also came to secure for
President McKinley thp assur
ances of the financial world re
specting: a bond issue. These he
received last night at one of the
most important financial confer
ences ever held in this country.
It was held in an uptown club,
and among those reported pres
ent were President J. Edward
Simmons of the Clearing House,
President Henry \Y. Cannon of
Chase Bank and President Per
kins of the Importers' and Trad
ers' Bank. Represpntatives of
several trust companies and
larger insurance companies
which are heavy investors were
also present. The group which
met Mr. Hanna was empowered
to speak directly or indirectly for.
99 per cent of the invested capi
tal of this country.
Mr. Hanna was given to understand
in unmistakable terms that the ad
ministration could depend upon all the
money support necessary to carry out
any plan of action which might be de
termined upon. A series of bond is
sues aggregating $500,000,000 was sug
gested as a possibility, and was ac
quiesced in by the assembled financiers.
The bankers who participated are
averse to discussing the conference or
its conclusions, and in some cases posi
tive denials have been made. The fact
that it had taken place and was so har
monious had much to do with bringing
ab>.ut comparative steadiness in the
market to-day.
Mr. Hanna, when interviewed to-day,
paid: "My mission here has no bearing
: "ii the great national question which
(I- uppermost in everybody's mind at
present as to whether or not the de
struction of the Maine was caused by
accident or design. I had the impres
sion when the news of the accident first
reached us that it was the result of
f'ime cause on board ship, and I have
not yet changed my opinion. I love
the United States first, and I am not
in favor of needlessly precipitating
thf country into the horrors of war.
"I feel secure with others of my fel
low citizens in President McKinley's
judgment concerning the situation. He
is eminently qualified to solve the prob
lem which confronts us and is not likely
insider it superficially. The man
who does view it superficially is not fit
to be a legislator or an executive. It
is a singular fact that those who are
now inflammatory in their utterances
!"s:arding the Maine disaster and talk
most eloquently about freedom for
<üba have not even, though abund
antly able, contributed a dollar toward
relieving the sufferings of the Cubans.
"I expect to leave for home to-mor
row."
The Finan<ipr says: "The statement
nf the associated banks of New York
city for the wp*k ending February 26
is not as disappointing in its showings
as had been anticipated. The events
of the week made it plain that heavy
decreases were inevitable and yet, as a
result of all the changes, the banks
have reduced their surplus cash only
$2, 729,125, an amount hardly as large as
current engagements of gold for Eu
Patriotic Citizens,
Bear in mind The Call's great Scribner United
States History offer closes March 11. After that
date prices will be advanced 33 1-3 per cent.
The greatest History of Our Country ever pub-
lished. Don't miss it. Five massive volumes,
1600 illustrations, 3600 pages for ONLY ONE
DOLLAR down, balance $2 monthly for nine
months— half morocco $1 per month more. You
need a good History of the United States. Order
now, and The Call will save you nearly 40 per
cent discount from the regular price.
You are invited to call and examine this work
or telephone Davis 861 and a set will be sent you
Free of All Expense. Out-of-town readers, we
have faith in this work and in your judgment,
and will take pleasure in sending you a full set
free of all expense. State binding preferred.
When you see it you will want it.
Address the SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Remember, March the 11th is the last day.
rnpo. The actual loss in specie and legal
tenders was $7,418,400. but this was par
tially offset by an increase of $2,353,700
in specie, making the net loss for the
week $5,065,700. The specie apparently
went into half a dozen of the larger
banks.
"It is interesting to note that of the
I entire cash reserve of the New York
I banks, at least 68 per cent is held in
< the form of specie. The loss in. cash
was brought about by the heavy ship
i ments to the interior and payments
! into the treasury, but the full extent
of the former is not shown in the
j statement. While the larger part of
I the money now being withdrawn from
New York is doubtless in response to
increased demands due to better trade
i conditions, some of it reflects the un
settled state of excitement prevailing
as regards the future.
"But the New York banks generally
lose a portion of their excess balance
at this season of the year. In 1897,
between the latter part of February
and the end of March, the excess re
serve fell off $11,000,000. The loss dur
ing February, this year, has been
twelve and three-quarter millions. The
reserve, however, is now about one
half of what it was twelve months ago,
so that the loss affects the market
rather more acutely.
"Still, the sensitiveness of the situa
tion and our strong position as regards
international balances are well shown
in the fact that even the light increases
in rates last week have started gold
imports. A continued firm market will
only emphasize this factor. For the
moment the demoralization of the stock
market, the heavy liquidation and real
izations have contracted the loan item.
There is nothing, however, indicating
that money is going to be excessively
dear, even should complications arise.
A study of. the past week's operations
illustrates perfectly the direction in
which relief can be looked for. In
other words, our money loaned abroad
can be made instantly available "
Russell Sage gave out the following
authorized interview to-day:
"From all the information received
there is little doubt in my mind that
our warship was blown up by outside
agencies, and if the naval commission
so reports the time for action has
come. There should be no wavering.
This Government must demand the
fullest reparation, and that without
delay. Whatever action for war or
otherwise President McKinley may
take he should and will have the full
est support from both rich and poor,
Republicans and Democrats. There is
no question as to where the rich stand.
In the Civil war, wtien it broke out, I
bought Government bonds, and I did
the same thing in 1564. So did other
rich men. We had confidence in our
Government. If the necessity arises
now I will do the same thing again
generously, and so will other rich men
that I know of. I am an American,
first and last, and propose to stand by
the flag.
"Party lines will be dropped. As to
the stock market, that has got to take
care of itself for the present. The
ticker is now a secondary considera
tion. The honor of the Government
comes first. I speak not only of my
own views, on this point, but those of
other moneyed men with whom I have
talked. Another thing, the families
and dependents of every sailor killed
on the Maine must be taken care of.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
SENTIMENT OF
FOREIGN PRESS
English Newspapers Do
Not Believe War
Is Near.
But They Praise the Firm
Stand Taken by the
President.
El Pais Says the War in Cuba Will
Only End When Spain Sends nn
Army Against Uncle Sam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 26.— Sensational dis
patches, purporting to report alarm
ist utterances of President McKinley,
Secretary Long and other officials, are
beginning to affect public opinion on
this side of the Atlantic, and create
the impression that possibly there may
be truth in the reports which allege
that the loss of the Maine was not due
to accident, as at first believed here.
Although war between the United
States and Spain is still regarded as
Improvable, the disposition in the city
is to regard the apprehension respect
ing Cuba as altogether exaggerated.
The Statist points out that this is a
grave mistake, "as, apart from the
sentiment, the material losses inflicted
upon Americans by the anarchy In
Cuba must not be belittled."
The Statist believes, however, that
President McKinley is strong enough
to resist the pressure, and congratu
lates him upon the 'firm and states
manlike qualities which the immediate
responsibilities of his position have de
veloped," and upon the honorable and
noble prnciples which he enunciated at
Philadelphia when he quoted Washing
ton.
"At the same time," continues the
Statist, "we realize that the President
cannot afford to quarrel with his sup
porters if the latter press war."
The Saturday Review is of the opin
ion that the 'affair is gravely threat
ening," and comments upon the sileneo
of the Court of Inquiry into the loss of
the Maine as being "ominous," as in
the "nervous anxiety of President Mc-
Kinley and his Ministers to avoid a
rupture with Spain, they would ob
viously have hastened to publish any
thing which would help to stop the
mouths of Senators Mason and Allen,
who, with the assistance of certain
newspapers, are yelling for instant war
in the best jingo style." ,
Proceeding, the Saturday Review re
marks: "Secretary Sherman, having
been silenced by the simple process of
not allowing him to know anything, the
executive has lately kept the secrets
admirably, but it is shrewdly suspected
that the pacific position of President
McKinley is largely owing to the. re
ports of his naval advisers to the effect
that America is not in condition to go
to war with Spain with any certainty
of an immediate and overwhelming
success. The Spanish fleet is not to
be despised, and South American re
publics have not displayed any love
for their northern sister. But all this
will not prevent the jingoes forcing the
President's hand if a scrap of evi
dence implicating the Cuban authori
ties becomes public."
The Spectator is certain that the
United States Government, "whether
moved by information from Europe or
being only desirous of peace, is anxious
CONSUL-GENERAL FITZHUGH LEE.
to avoid war." Still, apart from the
loss of the Maine, the Spectator thinks
that the harrowing consular reports
from Cuba may so fire the Americans
that they will insist upon their Govern
ment ending such miseries within
American waters.
The Spectator then proceeds to re
peat the reported war preparations in
the United States, and concludes: "But
grave persons everywhere in the Union
are waiting for evidence and are not
Inclined for war unless the honor and
policy of the country really require
It."
Advices received here from Madrid
siviw that while the revolut ionary or
gans, such as El Pais, ar>' shrieking
denunciations and threats, the respon
sible newspapers have adopted ;i con
ciliatory attitude. For instance. El
Liberal, in a leading article, made a
sympathetic reference to Washington's
birthday and expressed approval of
President McKinley's Bpeech at Phila
delphia, considering it to be a "rebuff
for those seeking to embroil the
T'nited States and Spain." and express
ing the hope "that the President's ac
tion will be in accord with his words."
In conclusion El Liberal says:
"Time will tell, but for the present we
ought to cry a truce to suspicions and
animosities in honor of the memory of
the great man who. in addition t<« lay
ing the foundation for the liberty of
his people, contributed as few others
have done to the redeeming and dig
nifying of human conscience."
The Ministers declare that the pes
simistic views of the Spanish pn-ss are
"only the echo of the sensational state
ments made by certain American
newspapers."
SPANISH PAPERS
PLEAD FOR PEACE.
CopyrißMfii. iw. by Jamrs Gordon Bennett
MADRID, Feb. 26.— The tenor of dis
patches from Havana published in
some of the American papers muses
the utmost surprise here, where Amer
icans until now have been considered
"onl f.nd calm in their judgments. Borne
papers publish a list of serious reports
published in the New York papers cf
l?te, one after the other being proved
untrue, and many comment especially
upon the Herald's tone. Public Beoti
mfnt here is quite calm. The Min
isterial statement issued, after regret
ting the credulity given to false re
ports, says that no incident has oc
curred which can alter the friendly re
lations between Spain and the United
States, and that the unfortunate disas
ter to the Maine, even if the explo
sion came from a malicious hand, can
lead to no complications. El Liberal,
Senor Sagasta's organ, after referring
to the troubles as adjusted, says that
the all-important Question is the
prompt pacification of Cuba; that it is
urgent and cannot be delayed.
The Globe heads a leader with Gen
eral Woodfords ringing words printed
in English. "Peace Forever." The Im
parcial, generally a jingo, even talks
of peace and urg"es action toward as
suring it. It says: "Everything now
depends upon our soldiers in Cuba to
quell the war. It matters little what
expeditions are sent out from the
United States, our troops in spite of
them should be able to extinguish the
opposition in two and a half months
before the rainy season. Diplomacy has
smothered all other difficulties, if the
war in Cuba does 'not terminate it is
the fault of our soldiers. If a war oc
curs with the United States It is the
fault of a few journalists."
The Dolphin to Be Made Ready.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The Dol
phin is to go into commission in New
York on the 24th of March. Although
rated as the President's yacht, the ves
sel, which has been thoroughly over
hauled and furnished with new boilers
and decks, carries even now a suf
ficient battery to make her, when
speed is taken into account, a very ef
fective gunboat. Her personnel will
remain the same as before she went to
the yard for repairs last fall.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
NO TIME CAN
NOW BE LOST
Bodies From the Wrecked
Maine Should Be
Recovered.
Arrangements Made for Send
ing the Remains to Key
West for Burial.
It Is Believed That the Corpses of
Jenkins and Merritt Can Be Identi
fied by the Uniform.
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 26.
In the absence of news from Havana
on any subject other than the disposi
tion of the dead bodies, the official
mind turned to-day to an analysis of
the Spanish statements, made with
more or less degree Of official sanction,
respecting the total absence of sub
marine mines from Havana harbor,
and it was regarded by the Navy De
partment as negativing the mine theory
of an external cause of the explosion,
just as recent letters put an end to the
exploding boiler theory as an internal
cause for the disaster.
Nothing was heard to-day from the
court of inquiry, and the department is
still ignorant of its plans. In fact, the
only news coming direct from Havana
to the Navy Department during the
day was contained in the following
dispatch from Captain Sigsbee:
••HAVANA, Feb. 26. — Have succeed
ed in making arrangements by which
bodies may be sent to Key West in
hermetically sealed zinc cases. Refer
to Forsythe for burial in Key West.
Probable that bodies hereafter cannot
be recognized. Probable that bodies
will not .remain intact. Condition of
bodies requires immediate action. Jen
kins and Merritt may be recognized by
uniform. Can secure health permit at
Key West to land the bodies there.
Divers cannot get down aft after
bodies this morning. Much debris.
Will clear it away. Wainwright placed
in charge of wrecking matter."
The following reply was sent:
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— T0 Sigs
bee, Havana: Referring to your tele
gram of this date, send bodies that
may hereafter be recovered to Key
West for burial. Send by Bache.
"LONG."
To Key West a dispatch was for
warded as follows:
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 26.— T0 Naval
Station, Key West: Sigsbee ordered to
send bodies that may hereafter be re
covered to Key West for temporary
burial. Will arrive in hermetically
closed zinc cases. Make necessary ar
rangements. Bodies will arrive by
Bache. LONG."
It is believed at the department that
there are probably in the neighborhood
of fifty bodies remaining to be dis
covered and extricated from the wreck.
Only One Boat at Havana.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The dis
patch boat Fern will be left /or the
present to safeguard American inter
ests in Havana harbor and Lieutenant
Commander Wainwright will represent
the Government in wrecking opera
tions. Secretary Long told me to-night
that he had not determined when to
dispatch the Montgomery or Nashville
to the relief of the Fern. It is the gen
eral impression that no orders will be
issued for the dispatch of a ship on a
peace mission to Havana for some time.
FITTING
OUT THE
WARSHIPS
Vessels of the Navy Now
Being Prepared for
Action.
Monitors Are Also Assigned by
the Department for the De
fense of Various Ports
on the Atlantic.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Be
sides providing for the naval defense
of the port of New York, the Navy
Department inaugurated measures to
day for replenishing the magazines of
men-of-war attached to the North At
lantic station, and for securing a large
supply of coal. Secretary Long issued
orders soon after his arrival at the
Navy Department this morning to
Captain Nicol Ludlow, commanding the
Terror, directing him to take his ves
sel from Hampton Roads to New York,
and to remain there until further or
ders. Captain Ludlow appreciates the
reason for the orders is the desire of
the administration to protect New
York. It is believed by the Navy De
partment that the only contingency to
be feared in the event of hostilities
would be the sending of an armored
cruiser to an undefended port to do as
much damage as possible and then get
away. It is proposed by the authori
i ties to keep the North Atlantic squad
; ron in Florida waters, and it is, there
; fore, considered advisable to have
Charleston and Port Royal defended
by the Amphirite, Baltimore, Washing
ton and Norfolk by the Puritan, which
will drop down to Hampton Roads
within the next two weeks; Philadel
phia by the Miantonomoh, which will
shortly be placed in commission, and
New York by the Terror.
These monitors, the department be
lieves, can take care of any cruisers
which might be sent against the ports
named. The department's scheme for
the defense of ports along the New
England coast has not yet developed,
but it is expected within the next week
that precautionary measures will be
adopted. It was admitted at the de
partment to-day that the movement
of the the Terror was the result of the
departure of the Spanish cruiser Viz
caya from New York yesterday.
"The department proposed," said an
official to me, "to send the Terror to
New York, and would have done so
several days ago had it not been that
it did not care to menace the Spanish
visitor. Had the Vizcaya's captain an
nounced that he intended to remain an
indefinite period in New York harbor,
the department would at once have
sent the Terror."
I understand that orders to fill the
magazines of the vessels of the North
Atlantic squadron are in accordance
with the department's desire to be pre
pared. It was said to-day that many
of the ships had thus been engaged
in target practice and had thus shot
away many rounds of ammunition.
The department proposes to assemble
all additional supplies of powder and
shell at the New York and Norfolk
navy yards and at the Key West sta
tion, where ships will take them on
board.
Although it is generally believed that
the navy has not sufficient ammuni
tion to fight a battle, I was informed
to-day there was enough on hand to
fill up all of the ships of the navy, with
a little to spare as a reserve.
Commander R. B. Bradford, chief of
the Bureau of Equipment, appeared
j before the House Naval Committte to
j day and urged that the committee ap
: propriate $100,000 to be immediately
• r 'lable for the purchase of coal for
the naval ships. Commander Bradford
explained that the appropriation made
* for the present fiscal year would soon
be exhausted and that additional
money would soon be needed.
In case the committee should author
ize an appropriation and it should pass
there is reason to believe the depart
ment would immediately purchase
large quantities of coal to be shipped
to Key West and other points picked
out by Commander Bradford on his re
cent trip along the Florida coast. I
understand Commander Bradford has
urged upon- Secretary Long the neces
sity of securing coaling stations
as the most important necessity in case
of a naval war.
Shipments of guns from the Wash
ington gun foundry to the Brooklyn
Navy Yard, orders for which were is
sued yesterday by the Navy Depart
ment, as told in the Herald this morn
j ing, will begin next week, me foun
dry will equip guns with sights and
! generally put them in condition for im
| mediate service before shipping them.
j The first lot to go will consist of twen
ty-two 5-inch guns and mounts and
j ten 6-lnch guns and mounts. Four-
I teen of the 5-inch guns were manufao
i tured for the cruiser Chicago and six
of the 6-inch guns for the cruiser At
lanta. In case of immediate emergen
', cy it is recognized by department of
ficials that it would be impossible in
j the present stage of repairs to the Chi
cago and Atlanta to arm them and the
weapons intended for them would con
sequently be placed on auxiliary
cruisers. _^_^^_________
WILLIAM TALKS
OF THE DISASTER.
Germany's Emperor Evidently Be
lieves It Was Solely Due to
an Accident.
BERLIN, Feb. 26.— With the carnival
ball on Tuesday, the season's big court
fetes ended. At this ball, which was
attended by the whole of the Embassy
and 2000 guests, court etiquette is al
ways relaxed. The Emperor chatted
with the Embassadors and others quite
informally. His Majesty conversed at
length with United States Embassador
White and spoke admiringly of the
children of Mrs. Wlborg, a niece of
Secretary Sherman. He said it was a •
revelation to himself and the Empresi
to meet such well-bred American chil
dren, as the latter are generally be
lieved in Germany to be lacking in
manners. "*.nt," the Emperor added,
"if the Wiborgs are the typical Ameri
can children, then the latter have been
grossly maligned." His Majesty also
spoke of the American comic papers
and the excellent drawings in them.
The conversation turning upon the
loss of the battle-ship. Mr. White
thanked the Emperor for his telegram
of sympathy sent to President McKln
ley, particularly because it was sent in
English and was thus understood bjr
every one in America.
Emperor William pooh-poohed Count
Yon Aran's remarks in the Reichstag,
criticizing President McKinley for his
alleged lack of courtesy in not fram
ing his reply in German, saying the
cases were not similar. His Majesty
further remarked that the disaster wag
doubtless due to an unlucky accident
and not to the work of a Spanish fa
natic, adding that all the evidence
pointed that way.
Incidentally, the Emperor said he
had been misrepresented by some
American newspapers as to his dislike
for Americans. On the contrary the
Emperor said he liked many traits in
the American character.
HASTENS THE WORK
ON THE PRINCETON.
Chief Constructor Hichborn Pays a
Visit to the New Gunboat.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— Chief Con
structor Hichborn reached Camden
late this afternoon and made his way
quietly to the shipyard of John Dia
logue & Son at Kaighns Point, where
the gunboat Princeton is being built.
He and Mr. Dialogue held a consulta
tion privately, left the office and went
unaccompanied aboard the Princeton.
After the inspection of the gunboat
Hichborn left the shipyard at once,
reached Philadelphia by the nearest
ferry, and no one seemed to know what
became of him. In fact. Mr. Dialogue
seeemed unwilling to even admit his
visitor's identity, but finally did so.
The Princeton has been lying in the
Delaware, receiving but little attention
for several months.
"The Government was in no hurry
for the boat," explained Mr. Dialogue
to me to-night, "so we attended to pri
vate work. Last week we received or
ders to make some alterations in the
placing of guns, and have been attend
ing to them."
"What had the Chief Constructor to
say about the Princeton to-day?" I
asked.
"Nothing, only that the Government
wants her," he added.
"Did you fix a time for delivery?"
"Not definitely: she is practically
ready for sea," said he, "all except re
pairs."
"Will she be finished and ready for
sea in a week?" I asked.
"In very little over that time," he ad
mitted. "An extra force will go to
work Monday morning, possibly to
morrow."
Mr. Dialogue is at tHe shipyard to*
night as a result of Hichborn's visit.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
WHs&fflffii^i^-v,. '[ When in ir.noceni
iHIBM-^fifiSlr^ InlatlI nlat1 ' s J ;u ' c 'd by
flHSffl^iiP^ to ' come out the
PHgJjKfIUT^ «ame way he went in.
IflHßraai He may break jail and be
afJßgy caught and put back again.
NJKXjv He'd rather have the door un-
BBtjy locked and walk out and
HffiV uav out.
BfHfl A sick man is a prisoner in
Ktjfll ■ the jail of disease; he has gone
■MEfi in by some door of carelessness
vjlßnPi or neglect or irregular living,
and he must unlock this same
. door by careful, sensible habits
if he wants to be a free, well man again.
If dyspepsia and biliousness or constipa-
tion is the way he got into disease, he has
got to overcome just those troubles before
he can get out. . -
The majority of diseases begin with some
trouble of the digestive organs or of the
liver, which prevents the*supply,of prop«f
nourishment to the system. i The i. best ■
remedy for. these, troubles is ; Dr. rPierce's
Golden Medical Discovery, because it gives
the 'digestive and blood-making organs
power to assimilate food and transform it
into pure,: nourishing blood, vitalized with
an abundance of red corpuscles. . , ;
It acts directly upon the liver and gives
it capacity to filter j all bilious • impurities
out of the circulation. , It builds up solid,
muscular flesh and healthy nerve-force. :
; ; In ■ obstinate constipation the " Discov-
ery" should be used in conjunction with
Dr. Pierce 's: Pleasant Pellets, the most nat-
ural and thoroughly scientific laxative ever
devised. The <•,!^Pellets ".regulate and in-
vigorate the stomach, liver and bowels.
One is a gentle laxative ; two act as a mild
cathartic. .• • .' .
" My wife had suffered for seven years with dys-
pepsia, sick headache and costiveness," writes
: Mr. Alonzo D. Jameson, of Dunbarton, Merrimack
Co.. N H., "we tried many doctors and many
kinds of medicine. 1 but < all were of no avail y- We
purchased six bottles of your Golden Medical
Discovery.V which I together. with the • Pleasant
Pellets 5 has entirely restored my wife's health, .
tnd we cannot say enough in thanks to job foe
, ihesc valuable mediciat^. . . , .. •; ; - _. -..-•.- N - .
34
DEFENSES FOR THE SEABOARD
SAN FRANCISCO
HARBOR IS NOW
WELL PROTECTED
But the Work of Strengthening the
Fortifications Proceeds, and One
More Big Gun Is Hauled
to Fort Point.
The army leaders no longer try to
withhold the information that war
preparations are progressing. Activ
ity is the rule at all the military garri
sons of the country. The work neces
sary for the defense of San Francisco
is going forward with commendable
rapidity. There is still talk among the
timid and easily excited that a Span
ish fleet could stand six miles outside
the heads and cause great destruction
of property by throwing high explo
sives into the city. The fact is not
taken .into account that on the bluff
back of Fort Point there are five 12
inch modern high power guns. Each
gun, a rifled breech-loader forty-two
feet in length and weighing fifty-eight
tons, can throw a steel projectile
weighing 1000 pounds a distance of ten
miles. This formidable battery could
be trained on any ironclad that should
attempt the shelling of San Francisco.
A Spanish fleet outside would have
more than the guns of the land to en
counter. The battle-ship Oregon, the
cruisers Charleston, Philadelphia and
Yorktown, and the coast defense ves
sel Monterey could steam out and en
gage the enemy. . The business of
shelling the city of San Francisco at
long range would be attended with con
siderable peril to the shelling party.
The engineer, ordnance and quarter
master corps of the United States army
are working together to hasten the
work of putting in new guns. One of
the 10-inch breech loading rifles for the
Fort Point disappearing battery, which
arrived at the Southern Pacific freight
yards last Thursday, was placed on an
immense truck early yesterday morn
ing and hauled a good part of the way
to the point of destination. The truck
was drawn by forty horses. The gun
Mas taken from Fourth and King
streets, along Fourth to Market, thence
to O'Farrell and out to Polk street,
along Polk to Vallejo, thence to Van
Ness avenue, along the avenue to Green
street and thence along Octavia, Un
ion, Greenwich, Fillmore and Francisco
to the Presidio reservation.. The weight
of the gun is thirty-four tons and the
contracting draymen, Morton & Co., !
had to be careful of the street pave
ment and the car tracks. When these
two guns are put in place there will
be five in the disappearing battery.
From the Fort Point position the fire
of five 12 and five 10 inch rifles could be
directed against an enemy's war fleet
seeking to enter the harbor of San
Francisco. The 12-inch rifles planted
on the high bluff at Lime Point, Just
across the channel, could join the guns
at Fort Point in standing off the en
emy. Should a large fleet menace the
city the fire of the big rifles could be
supplemented by the dynamite guns,
the mortars and the 15-inch smooth
bores. There should be no alarm about
San Francisco. As matters stand to
day the city is well defended. The"
chief requirement is a forec of trained
artillerymen to handle the modern
guns. Much work in the way of elec
trical apparatus and range finding
methods remains to be done before the
guns can be worked up to the modern I
methods of operation, but the guns are
there and the ammunition is on hand.
The rifles can be trained for direct fire
and a good many military men of ex
perience believe that the direct fire
principle is better for actual conflict at I
short range than the modern system of
calculation by the range finder.
Quite a joyous commotion was caused
in army circles of this department yes
terday by a report that the House of i
Representatives had passed the bill au- '■
thorizing the creation of two additional '
regiments of artillery. There is hardly i
a doubt that the bill will pass some
tint* this session, but there was a feel- I
ing of disappointment when it was i
found that the measure had not been ■
called up in the House.
Increase of the artillery by two regi
ments will promote Lieutenant-Colonel I
E. B. Williston of the Third and Lieu
tenant-Colonel William Sinclair of the
Fifth to the full rank of colonel. The
majors who will be advanced to the
grade of lieutenant-colonel are: W F I
Randolph. Third; Tully McCrea, Fifth-
Frank G. Smith, Second, and James G
Ramsay, Fifth. The captains who wili
be advanced to the rank of major are-
Frank W. Hess, Third Artillery :
George W. Crabb, Fifth; Charles Mor
ris. Fifth; J. W. McMurray, First-
John W. Dillenback, First; James B
Burbank. Third; Samuel M. Mills
Fifth; John P. Story, Fourth; William
P. Voss, Second, and George G. Gren
ough. Fourth Artillery.
The addition to the army of two I
THE DISPATCH BOAT FERN.
regiments or twenty-four batteries of
artillery would probably give this de
partment four more batteries. It is
understood that a detail will be made
from each battery of the existing five
regiments to form the nucleus for the
new organizations and that the present
regiments will receive recruits equal to
the number contributed to the new or
ganization?.
Since it seems settled that the in
crease of the artillery will be allowed
there is a growing sentiment in favor
of reorganizing the infantry regiments
in accordance with modern military
tactics. The system of infantry regu
lations in the United States army was
cast aside many years ago by European
armies. It is obsolete and wholly out
of place since rapid fire guns of long
range have been accepted in place of
the old muzzle-loading muskets. The
infantry desire the new battalion or
ganization of three battalions to a regi
ment. Each battalion should consist of
four companies and each company of
200 men, making the battalion 800
strong and the strength of the regiment
2400 men. The regiment would then be
about equal to the brigade strength
during the war of the rebellion. Since
the introduction of quick-firing breech
loading magazine guns with a deadly
range of 2000 yards troops must be de
ployed in long thin lines. The day of
massing is gone. The modern battle
unit is the company of 200 men. In
extended order 800 is the greatest num
ber that one man should immediately
command. The scheme of reorganiza-
tion was recommended by Generals
Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, Schofleld
and by many other officers of distinc
tion. As a measure of economy in or
ganization the plan is highly commen
dable, as the number of effective men
would be largely increased without
adding to the number of commissioned
officers. Since the United States is pre
paring for war it is held that a reor
ganization of the infantry is essential.
In this particular line the National
Guard is a step in advance of the re
gular army.
General Shafter, commanding the De
partment of California, has directed
that detachments of troops shall leave
Angel Island, Fort Mason and Fort
Baker to-morrow and proceed to the
Presidio for the purpose of mounting
guns on the reservation. The troops
will report to Colonel Miles, command
ing the post at the Presidio.
Lieutenant William S. McNair, Third
Aritllery, has been directed to report
to the commanding officer of the Pre
sidio for duty in mounting guns.
Lieutenant Babbitt of the Ordnance
Corps visited the fortifications at Fort
Point yesterday and examined the guns
and carriages.
The detail of troops from Angel Is
land. Lime Point and Black Point is
made becauso the batteries of the Third
Artillery permanently stationed at the
Presidio cannot perform all the duty
required at the fortifications.
PRIEST RECEIVES AN
INFERNAL MACHINE.
Father Weber's Remarks Anent the
War Crisis Excites
Some Crank.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— Father Web
er, whose recent declaration at Rond
out, that in case of war between the
United States and Spain, it would be
come the duty of Roman Catholics to
fight on the side of Spain, has been
officially requested to leave the diocese.
This fact was given out to-day by
Father Connolly, secretary to Arch
bishop Corripan, who explained that
had Father Weber belonged in this dio
cese, instead of in the West, whence
he came, he would have been subjected
to shßrp discipline.
A package addressed to Father
Weber, containing an infernal machine,
was received at the Kingston postofflce
to-day. One of the clerks noticed that
a black powder came from the poorly
wrapped packing. He carefully opened
it. After the lid had been removed a
box was discovered. It was arranged
in two compartments. Attached to the
lower portion of the box lid was thick
sandpaper and in the upper apartment
matches and about a pound of powder,
which would have been ignited by the
removal of the lid quickly. The powder
was between layers of cotton and a
substance thought to be dynamite was
in the bottom of the box.
The package was sent from Wash
ington.
Torpedoes Being Planted.
PORTLAND, Me., Feb. 26.-It is evi
dent from appearances that some o'
the torpedoes which have been stored
at Fort George, in Portland harbor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
are being planted in the harbor. For
several nights a tug has made trips
to the old fort and lights have been
seen moving about above the chan
nel at the entrance to the harbor. If
such operations are in progress it is
being done under direction of the local
board of Government engineers, who
are silent in regard to the matter. At
Portland Head is a torpedo operating
station cut from solid masonry and
extending to the water's edge.
MUCH DEPENDS
UPON THE REPORT.
Before Increasing the Navy Con-
gressmen Desire to Know How
the Maine Was Sunk.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— Members
of the Senate and House Committees on
Naval Affairs are anxiously awaiting
definite information regarding the sink
ing of the battle-ship Maine. The out
come of the investigation will* have an
Important bearing upon the action of
the committees toward increasing the
naval establishment. The sub-commit
tee of the House having the present
appropriation bill in charge has decided
to postpone for the present considera
tion of the increasing clause until a full
report comes from Havana,
Upon this will largely depend
whether the Maine Is to be replaced
and other battle-ships authorized. If
the theory of accident prevails many
members of Congress will be inclined
to oppose the provision for more ves
sels on the ground that we are not y*»t
fully acquainted with the safest meth
ods of caring for those we havp. If
it is shown the Maine was sunk by an
outside explosion it is probable not only
will there be a far superior ship to the
Maine authorized, but one other high
class fighter.
MuS^St if JMM^^v / S^^^ scientific discovery
:^^^^niW JW W^*T7^^-4P f^^^^ * that has been used by the doctors
ifmrnm I 1 lif jlfr hk^^^^r^ / ;^W of the Hudson Medical Institute for many years. No
' ' ft |lh^^^^^ \w-^^]r ' """ one e ' se can su PP'y Hudyan. No one else knows
i ; UlW'*'^^ " lAT^^i * he secret process. Hudyan Is not a cheap patent medicine;
" r^^^ff^ fP^^y '* ' S a * reatmer| an d jt is a .treatment that perfects the imperfeo
r^*§R v sf Ua^?^ *' Ons of man " Hudyan 'cures ringing in the ears, noises in the ': -
'"**^ ifrtW' head, prematurity, atrophy and those special disorders peculiar
to mankind. Hudyan cures the curious weaknesses known as tired feelings. Hudyan cures
nervous debility, stunted growth, palpitation, shortness of breath, dyspepsia, constipation. :',.
Hudyan cures pains in the back, pains in the side, pains in the chest, pains in the loins. Hudyan
cures dizziness, falling sensations, headaches, nervousness. Hudyan cures nervous debility,
nervous twitchings, nervous pulsations, nervous declines, nervous morbidness. If you are
really in doubt about the curing properties of the Hudyan treatment call and consult the doctors.
Consult them FREE. It will cost you no money, to have a private talk with the chief of the staff
of Hudson doctors. If you can't call WRITE FOR CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS. . "-;
EfwWt iiSSXSZfy V^WJ^Xr Tajn These three forms of Blood Poison <*
FIRST. SECONDARY: TERTIARY ■ ' air| ted blood can certainly be cured. The
FIRST' SECONDARY^ TERTIARY CUe for theSe three forniS of blood poison -
FIRST*, SECONDARY^ TERTIARY is called the GREAT 30- DAY CURE, be-
cause it arrests the poison in 30 days and certain cures in from 30 to 60 days. You should
consult the specialist on blood poison or write for 30- DAY "BLOOD BOOK." !
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
JUNCTION ELLIS, - STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS,
SAIN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA
MUNITIONS
OF WAR FOR
THE SOUTH
Heavy Shipment of Shot
and Shell From Water
town Arsenal.
Twenty=Five Carloads of Ammuni=
tion for Heavy Guns to Be
Hurried to Southern
Ports.
BOSTON, Feb. 26. — Twenty-five
freight cars are being loaded at the
Watertown Arsenal with shot and
shell for Southern ports. The work of
loading was begun shortly before noon
to-day by a dozen men, and up to a
late hour this evening three cars had
been packed. The work will be con
tinued until the last car is loaded.
The shot and shell are for 3-inch, 10
inch and 12-inch rifles and 12-inch
mortars.
Major James W. Reilly refuses to
talk. Even Major Reilly's closest
friend could not ascertain what his
special secret order from Washington
was, so that his silence led every per
son at the arsenal to believe the order
was of the utmost importance. One of
the lieutenants at the arsenal was
known to call at the quartermaster's
and commissary's office in Boston
during the morning hours, and that
visit was a significant one.
Up to noon everything went smoothly
about the spacious grounds, but about
that hour the hug<= gates between the
Fitchburg Railroad tracks and the
sidetrack entrance to the arsenal were
thrown open. About a dozen men' had
been ordered to that section of the
ground situated on the west side of
the erecting shop. Among them were
four or five soldiers connected with
the arsenal. They had been there a
short time when Major Reilly put in
an appearance. About eight or ten of
the freight cars were then backed on
to the arsenal sidetrack under the su
pervision of H. C. Fisher, freight
agent for the Flu hburg Railroad. This
move gave the men the impression
that something unusual was about to
occur, but Major Reilly kept his own
counsel.
The first order given was to take
from the old storehouse a derrick
which had been there for years. It was
brought to one of the freight cars and
then set up beside the track. The shot
and shell were then lifted into the cars
one by one. They weigh from 300 to
1000 pounds, so the work was hard and
tedious. The major superintended the
work during the greater part of the
afternoon. The ammunition is stored
in different parts of the yard, some be
ing in the south storehouse near the
officers' quarters, machine shop, and
about the grounds. The material
which is shipped will carry a distance
of from six to ten miles. The 8-inch
is intended to carry six miles, the 10
inch eight miles and the 12-inch ten
miles. The loading of the freight cars
is the first outside sign of the activity
that has been displayed at the arsenal
Bince the Maine disaster. There seems
to be no doubt in the minds of the
hundreds of men employed there that
war is inevitable. Not since the Civil
War has such a large order for shot
and shell been received at this place. It
is expected that an extra force will be
put at work immediately in order to
finish the work on gun carriages
which are under construction. The
shipping will be done under the direc
tion of the Fitchburg Railroad of
ficials, and it is said that the twenty
five cars will be sent in different direc
tions aJong the Atlantic coast in the
South.
DIED.
r,REFPIN-In this city, at his residence, 1231
Turk street. Joseph, beloved husband of Ce-
cilia Oreppln, and father of Ernest H.,
Philip J\. Joseph E.. Robert A. and Adele
C. Oreppln, a native «* Switzerland, aged 64
years, it.os Anßeles and St. Louis papers
please copy).
CTNotire of funeral hereafter.
STRENGTHENING
THE DEFENSES
OF NEW YORK
Submarine Explosives to
Guard the Harbor and
Approaches.
Torpedoes and Big Guns to Be Added
to the Batteries and Complete
Protection Afforded Against
Any Outside Foe.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— 8y order of
Brigadier-General John M. Wilson,
chief of engineers, active steps are be
ing taken for the defense of New York
harbor with the available supply of
submarine explosives. The greatest
secrecy is maintained in connection
with the work, and it cannot be
learned how large is the number of ex
plosives already in position in the har
bor and on hand at Willets Point. I
am t*ild, however, that it is sufficient
to do a great deal of damage to a hos
tile fleet if judiciously disposed and
operated.
Submarine defense Is understood to
be well advanced at the entrance of the
Long Island Sound, the eastern ap
proach to New York, and the depart
ment is also in possession of facilities
for the protection of the Narrows and
lower bay. Electro-contact automo
bile torpedoes will play a large part
in the defense of the city. The elec
trical apparatus which operates them
is easily portable and weighs much
less than the explosive itself. The ex
plosive is provided with a rudder and
connected with the electrical battery
by a charged wire, which is long
enough to reach from the hidden loca
tion of the battery to the hostile ship.
After the explosive is planted in the
water its rudder is adjusted so as to
direct its course, and it is then pro
pelled, being still governed b-" the elec
trical apparatus, and its location is
made visible above the surface of the
water only by a tiny flag or "war
nose." The stationary mines are
planted just under the position occu
pied by a passing keel, and may be
fired either by simple contact or by a
charge from the main battery. The
planting of the stationary mines does
not involve the employment of many
men or much apparatus and may pro
ceed without amusing the suspicion*
of craft lying: near at hand.
In the opinion of the engineer and
ordnance experts of the War Depart
ment the harbor of New York is in a
fair state of defense although the plan«
of the department are yet very far from
being accomplished. The department
is endeavoring to follow on general
lines the recommendations of the Endi
cott board, in whose ■ opinion were
necessary for the proper defense of the
city eighteen 8-inch, two 14-inch, forty
12-inch, twenty-seven 10-inch and fif
teen 8-inch guns and 144 12-inch rifled
mortars, distributed around the ap
proaches to the city. There are now in
position at Fort Hancock the fortifica
tions on Sandy Hook, two 15-inch and
one 8-inch pneumatic guns, two 12-inch
guns, four 10-inch guns and a mortar
battery of sixteen 12-inch mortars.
At the western end of Long Island
(Ports Wadsworth and Lafayette) some
10-inch guns are In position and four
batteries of 6 and 8-inch guns. On
Staten Island five 8-lnch guns and four
10-inch guns are nearly in readiness.
At the eastern entrance to the harbor
(Forts Slocum and Schuyler) are bat
teries of somewhat less strength than
those at the Narrows. The lack of
rapid-fire guns is greatly deplored by
the department. These guns, on ac
count of their relatively great power
and their rapidity of fire, constitute a
highly important element in coast de
fense. Their emplacements are com
paratively inexpensive and can be
rapidly constructed whenever the guns
and carriages are available.
The guns in position are inadequate
ly supplied with projectiles. There are
I said to be about 1000 projectiles on
Governors Island, and there are prob
i ably 1000 elsewhere in the country. Sev
eral outstanding contracts for projec
tiles are nearly ready for delivery, and
the department Is in position to rap
idly furnish itself with sufficient sup
plies from numerous manufacturers in
this country and by purchase abroad.LONDON ON
THE EVE OF
AN ELECTION
Hottest Campaign in ;
the History of
the City.
i
Several Hundred Candi- ;
dates for Seats in the
Council.
Even Peeresses of the Realm
Doing Politics With En
thusiasm.
TAMMANY IN DISREPUTE
Each Party Accuses the Other of Pat
terning After the New "York
Organization.
■
Special PiEpatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 26.— London Is in the.
throes of the hottest campaign in its
history, the contest for seats in the
London County Council completely
throwing into the shade even the keen- j
est-fought general parliamentary elec- j
tions. For three weeks past the fight
has been ragring alike in Belgravia and
Whitechappel. Nightly there are scores
of meetings attended by Cablfiet Min
isters and "front benchers" of both i
parties. Peers and peeresses, common
ers, clergy, publicans, officers, diplo- |
mats, judges, doctors and labor agita
tors are all involved. For the 118 seats
to be filled on March 3 there are 240 .
. dates, including a few independ
ents.
National issues have been included in
the fiKht in a manner hitherto unknown
in municipal politics, until it has be
:ome a square battle between the Un- .
ionists and Liberals, under the titles
moderates" and "progressives."
Both sides have been attempting .to
draw an analogy between the opposi
tion's aims and those of Tammany
Hall, parading Tammany as an awful
example of the corruption which may :
ipected in London when the other \
a gets into power. Barrels of j
y are being spent on both sides, i
tiangs of roughs have been hired to
break up meetings and hundreds of
disreputables are being brought into
<m from elsewhere to imperson
>ters who are at present at sea or
otherwise incapacitated from voting in
person.
James Bryce, member of Parliament
for the South Division of Aberdeen,
Liberal, author of "The American Com
monwealth," etc.. and the president of.
the Board of Trade in the Rosebery
Ministry, has been in the thick of the :
fight, telling everyone what he knows
about Tammany. Referring to the
charge of Sir John Lubbock, M. P., for
London University, Liberal-Unionist,
that the extravagance of the munici
pal government of New York under
Tammany is due to commercial enter
prise and financial speculations, he j
said:
"A more strictly practical body of :
men than the boss and his henchmen :
have not existed in the world whether
for salaries or jobs."
The campaign is not lacking in amus
ing incidents. John Burns, the labor
leader, in a recent speech, referred to
the peeresses who have been canvass
ing in th^ Battersea district as "scented
.lis."
i Hi Tuesday, after a hard day's can
vass, Lady Denbigh dropped into the
London County Council tea room to get
I of tea. Mr. Burns was in an ad
joining room and Lord Denbigh, slap
ping him on the shoulder, invited him
into the tea room, to the delight of all
the councilors, and said:
"Allow me to introduce you to one \
of the 'scented Delilahs.' "
Lady Denbigh shook hands heartily '
with the discomfited Mr. Burns and
thanked him for all the nice remarks i
he had been making about her.
By the way, Mr. Burns' "scented De- .
!iiahs".include the Duchessof St. Albans,
thf* Marchioness of Londonderry, the
Marchioness of Bristol, the Countess of
Denbigh, the Countess of Jersey, Count- i
ess Waltengrave, ' Countess Cadogan,
the fountess of Onslow, the Countess
of S.rlbourne and a hoet of high-born
society dames.
The lists of candidates for seats in
the London County Council is Interest
ing and ought to make the new Council
a second guild Chamber. The candi
dates include nine Peers, four sons of
Peers, ten Barons, three privy Council
ors, eight officers and members of the
House of Commons and clergymen in
profusion, twenty "gentlemen" and a
sprinkling of doctors and lawyers.
The War Office scheme for the re
form of the British army, which was
explained in the House of Commons
on Friday by W. St. J. Broderick, Par
liamentary Secretary of the War
Office, seems to have greatly satisfied
the various factions. An essential fact
is that the scheme adds 23,000 men to
the army, the largest increase ever
proposed in Great Britain in times of
peace. It offers a certain number of
vists on a special payment of one
;:,g daily to partake in minor wars
or emergencies, enabling the War
, (ffice to dispatch 10,000 men on expedi
uithout calling upon the main
reserve. It increases the pay of all
efficients over the age of 19 by three-
The amount hitherto deducted
for rations, and promises that increas
ed effort will be made to procure
employment for reservists. Militia and
volunteer officers also become avail
able for the imperial service.
Great importance is attached to the
proposal to decentralize the war office
by conferring larger financial and initi
ative powers upon g-cneral officers,
thus obviating constant reference to
the war office. Another reform is the
resumption of big maneuvers, which
were dropped twenty-six years ago.
The whole additional coet will be 52,000
,-000 annually.
The present year promises to witness
the biggest boom In shipbuilding ever
knntvn and doubtless the ship-builders
of the T T nited States are arranging to
participate in the consequent demand
finished iron. steeL and machinery
of all descriptions. An idea of the
enormous amount of work on hand can
be formed from the fact that the Clyde
;i!one now has orders of 581,000 tons,
apart from the four big Cunard freight
boats which are said to be in nego
tiation.
Donkeys for Alaskan Trails.
PHOENIX. Feb. 26.— A carload of hur
ri'S leaves Pnoenlx to-night for service
on the Alaskan trails, and will be fol
lowed by other shipments until 600 have
«>een sent. The donkeys are from the
v erde Valley, where they are found al-
Oiost wild, and, in, almost unlimited supply.
THE EMPORIUM. .; | THE EMPORIUM. •|"' " " THE EMPORIUM. -'■ "\ J■" THE -EMPORIUM. ' I ___J rHE L^_^~^l^^ P^s^L_^_
THE RAINY-DAY SHOPPING PLACE. EVERYTHING TO EAT, DRINK; WEAR OR USE IN YOUR HOMES. AND SUCH CONVENIENCES AS TELEGRAPH OFFICE,
TELEPHONES EXPRESS OFFICE, POSTOFFICE, PARLORS, LAVATORIES, EMERGENCY HOSPITAL, FREE PARCEL CHECKING, ETC.— ALL UNDER ONE ROOF.
BUSY TIMES IN THE BIG STORE.
' The final clean-up before the Grand Spring Opening. Broken lines, remnants and odd lines of the best kinds of merchandise: now on the move to. make
room for new stocks. Special sales of unusual interest in several departments to start the March sale with a rush.: First showing of many novelties in Spring
Dress Fabrics, 1898 Silks, Wash Dress Goods, Ladies' Neckwear, Suits, Cloaks, etc. The busiest, brightest, most convenient, most entertaining store in
California— the' one place downtown where you are sure to meet your friends. " .
Hats for Spring. ~~~ UNPARALLELED SILK SELLING. Klondike Outfits.
New styles now ready , A clean sweep in the Silk Department to make room for the rapidly arriving silks for spring and summer aJ^Xfj^sk^n prospector's
—all thp blocks and Surahs and Taffetas and Exquisite Jacquard Silks, Checked and Plaid Silks— all of the beautiful -weaves and that cannot be found in this
 " colorings that have brought the largest silk business in California to this store during the past few months are store. .
cc " ors ' included in the Sacrifice Sale beginning to-morrow morning. , _ J .'-. . To preserve the health in that try
&In Stiff and coo yards of m- Inch All-Silk Surah, lines of colors broken, principally light shades left, such- *}IZ~ V-»*»/4 ing climate is difficult under the most
Soft Hats that as Moreen, rose, lavender, sage green and olive, willbe closed.out at. . ..! < l&rCl ; / - Jav.gbte^c^stoces, Sn^nS
are going to be These three lines of Magnificent Silks go on sale to-morrow at the one. uniform price of 50c a .yard :-. provisions; To buy carelessly made,
popular dv ring; 1000 yards of Fancy Figured Silk, all s handsome designs and choice colorings, our regular 75c quality ; 850' yards of shoddy-clothing or interior qualities of
the coming Fancy j acqua rd Silks, all choice designs and good color combinations, our regular $1.00 qual- _ SerinSf^t
montns - ity; 950 yards of Fancy Checked Silks, new designs and beautiful color combinations, our regu- SIJC V *{T(jL death. Buy the best =»s=»l
The Dunlap,* Knox and Youman lar $1.25 quality. On sale Monday and while they last in the Silk Section, main floor, at ......... >^v/W ■ cc * ± that money wlHjmwmsjFT^^^h
blocks in the $3. 50 grade at the <^^. 00 -' IJ __ < ; —«.'•'*,■ »» procure — that is (",._-.
special Emporium price of The First Display of New Silks. ; what we guarantee KIQ/iKKE
1 llw A iloL JL>libpia.y Ul iiCW kjllivo, you here— and. at ■ fei-
Men's Fedora Hats the latest styles New Novelty Silks, the daintiest, most artistic yet produced— Black All-Silk Grenadines— gauzy trans- tfst'T^Vloid '' }£? With la^
Suavliue'Vt the Emp'oTium yi parency combined with fluffy softness— dozens of new weaves in silken fabrics, marked at popular prices for early ned;n c d '; k d e ff B ° o r ok r Wi!(a g?
price— $l.$S and 7DC buyers. ■ colors and illus- fJ$pM &l
ThilHrpn's Hats in many new Two-toned Black Checked Taffetas, in new combinations, large or Fancy Plaid Silks and Fancy Checked and Striped Satins, a kaleido-; tr^ ted full n — »"' F^CslS^/'
♦ ♦1 c ? *i«t rnan> new , small checks ; Fancy Plaid Taffeta, extra heavy quality, all new coloring ; scope or brilliant spring colorings that cannot be described, but :jm JnmSete nrice lists te^^?,
pretty styles at lowest prices. Two-toned Jacquard Figured Checks in charming color effects ; Jacquard . must be seen to be appreciated-per yard........ ?*'' 3 Set? Advertll- f. 00 "*""" 1 " 8^
Figured Bayadere, in pretty shadings— all extra gooJ values at the &t r\r\ Black All-Silk Grenadine— 24 inches wide— plain, brocaded or striped— jn " Department'- a -
Children's Sailors, 75c qual-"^Q c opening price per yard .^^ • vjn.vw four grades— at '$1.25 $1.00 75C and 50c I Emporium, San W
Fancy Chameleon-striped Taffeta — Satin-striped Taffeta— Two-toned 44-inch Iron Frame Grenadines— of an ex- <£'■) C\f\ <^ n/ C| EA : — —
Children's Golf Caps 50c -»r- Swivel Silks, all new patterns and color effects— most reasonably &* i/\ ceptionally fine quality— two grades— per yard.. 3>^»"V allU q)l»->l/ .
quality, for ...'........ 25c priced for the opening sale-per yard ••• •• vJ "' lv . 44-inch Brocaded and Striped All-Silk Grenadine— very latest conceits JDCdrOOITI bUItCS*
1 • from the best silk mi Is in America— per yard — ' .
_ ,c . „ . ... Fancy Satin Crossbar Plaid Taffetas— a high novelty in the js ( nf| ca oc Cl -,- CO f|ft ci en ftnti nen The 20 per cent reduction in selling
Boy?' Fedora Hats, in the same new colorings for spring wear— marked tor first selling— per yard.. i 3>I.UU, 3>l. J3, 3>l. /3, &4.VV, Z>£.Z3, &Z.3V ana W.3U. will be continued for one week longer.
good quality as the men 95c /r — . — -— — — — — — — — — — — If you need Bedroom Furniture you
a kv?t ce o pp r ar sf nn n ar SP EGIAL SAIJi STBiiiJL iIJNAIVIiiIL WArvbiV tunit^Our^iX'pnL^S
' . — , 1 r-" iiir competition, and when a 20 per cent
T^ C^o ' Housekeepers, Attention! 250 cases Genuine Steel Enamel Ware— every %3*sJ£#^V£Ssl
ivJ£»k«Mi P' ece bearing the trademark of either the St. Louis Stamping Company or of ava " themsdves "' " lis speci3 ' sale -
t^EßSßzZ Haberman— go on sale to-morrow and during the week at prices 25 to 50 per ; 20 » /o Of{ Ca rpets
SV'unaSpS cent under real values. More for your money than you ever got before in Awealth " v '
tLT'^ntJrSfn"; standard high-grade qualities. Here are some sample values: %£££ © ffif;--
VT y the most moderate prices. . C 5 o . 1 beauty nW\ /&\
I Salads, Oysters,s ters , Hot an<^ eco " 1 I J h\ wlv
\\bf Cakes from our own bake- >' \/r Y/^ ~2s? &' . s^Z-^ZV * C^^ "^^^^ r^s-^'C?^! patrons ■/' ; ®f )(/ffl^ JMM\\
f shop. Unsurpassed Cot- / jC Vv. :~y V-,.' \ j V^___^> %^"™ >^^J^-=^^f ggJ^^*^ of the bU » ' iM^ : /^sSvLi\
fekes^ndPa^ kk d c- "Quart Rice Boiler. Roast Pans, 3-Qt. Lipped Sauce 6-Quart Pudding . B^-lnch 3-Quart 10-Inch B^»M-*ft» Pan. |^V f.^^S*fi+]\
cr^am best that can b^ made-anv Steel Enam c I , nx.6inches ; Seam- Pans. Pans. Frying Pans. Straight Sauce Pans Jelly - Cake Pans. Tene n Te^^K^ : :i?' '\
Savor' desired-< 2 00 p-r lion d- seamless; boiler can less Steel Enamel Steel Enamel- . Made ot Seam- Seamless Steel Cheaper and bet- ■ ™^J {o^&lr ? :J?1 f ■ |\
\Zrld be taken cut and Ware - the best extra long- « fit less Steel Enamel Of Steel Enamel Enamel Ware, with . Seamless Steel ter man tin, never '""? ctI JJ • ; Tj^ U J h \
11Vere . used as aof for meats and -> Q strong handle >'*C -tar better < 7 Ware, strong j-* cover « Enamel Ware, q wear out T) r buvin2
Open daily SA.M. to 6 P.M. stew pan 3> C game 8-quart size...2Sc than tin...... >/C handles- > :........ L\Q 0n1y......... /C *^C elsewhere The variety of makesp- 1-
Ottn Saturdays 8 A. M. to 10:30 House Furnishing Departments- terns and colorings to choose from and
T M- Second Floor-Jessle-st. side. . — — — — — the littleness of the prices are sure to
•p— If 7T f YVT /^\ 1 1 T t Of ' ■* ■• - - /*"* t C f ' convince you that this is the place to buy Carpets. Twenty
. For. Men s Wear* -Udd Lpts^onoeSv Cjiassware bale* \^l£%£^™^i^£ g[v ™ iOTO ™
Two lines of Underwear-one for .Extremely low prices on all broken lines of Here's an announcement of special jf,J^£B?g^^
men One for boys — JUSt half regular Ladies' and Misses' Shoes to quickly dispose of I interest to liquor retailers— Housekeepers ' ings— the Boc per yard kind, laid and lined this week /A
prices; a display and sale of New Spring them and make room for new stock. Here are as wel , will be interested in the following in
\io-bwpar- Wh'itP ShirU at A"c parh and " Ye lineS at about half regular prices. We will .Special Prices, at which OUr regular StOCk every house to save the dining-room carpet— these in good
rsecKWtMi , vviiilc oiiiiib di 4^"ui, ctnu b . he j to-morrow morning and continue - n r hicrhlv poli^hpd Thin- Blown Glassware patterns and colorings-now-
some Warm Flannelette Nightshirts at a while quantities on hand last. " ..,.'• ot highly poiisnea i run Diovn uiassw are ™ feet ..^. 4 ° ' 7WxO fCet .,, 3 . 6o ' " feet 6o 1 9x12 feet - 84 - 8 °
d nile quantities on hand last. wl be s dunns the coming week: ■ — _ — — — —
Very Special price, are among thlS Week LOT I-Several styles of Ladies' Shoes, GooJyear welt . ■ ~ Thin Blown Glass Whisky Turn b- GrOCerY Specials*
fpqtlirPS in the Men's Furnishing DeDart- and hand turned, button and lace styles, kiJ and cloth tops, £? —^> lers— in any of these sizes— vx. 2, 2%, _, . A , .••■*, A** _ r ': .  ,
leaiureb in vie men ruiiiibiiiii o ucpdii nee dle, . narrow square, .opera and round toeS) all . nice fi^|R iy, 3l ' 3^ y or 4 ounces. This on Below * re the selected Specials for Monday
ment. ■ stylish looking shoes, made to* sell at 83.00,53-50 and | f .l week,' per dozen OUC and Tuesday only. . Our regular prices on pure
Men's New Spring Neckwear, in Tecks, Bows, Four-in- f4 00. ' These . broken lines and sizes to b - £9 29 hJ± Champagne Tumblers, the five | food products are acknowledged to be the lowest
Hands, String Ties and Putts, the newest fashion- ~sr- clear^ out at........................^............^........ v cS^> . ounce size. This week, per dozen... 37 "in the city> Each day some special offerings are
able colorings, price each , 50c and ZDC LOT 2— Ladles' Fine Via Kid and Cloth-Top Button •• • *> /*» \ . fn! whirh * Pt > rar'Hs in <:hnvv winrinvv' -
■Men's Heavy Natural Wool Shirts and Shoes, St. Louis square an round toes, flexible McKay .- Mineral Water Tumblers, the six- a-} r^ m% ' \ made ' which : see cards m show window.. ..
Drawers, regular value per suit $1. m J^r> ' sole, a broken line of our. regular 53.00 shoes, <£i |TQ ounce size, per dozen.. - **^C J^ilijjm For {Monday and Tuesday Only.
special for this week, per 5uit...... OUC fUl'^fi . marked for this 5a1e....... q)I.D^ ; Beer Tumblers, : eight- ounce size. /r^_ Eagle Table Fruit put up in full size
Boys' Fine White Merino Shirts and V^kV / . LOT 3— All of the broken line; and'sizis of Misses' <■ This week, per dozen <-^<~ *£==% r^[ ~^> cans in rich heavy syrup — Peaches,
Drawers, sizes of shirts 24 to 34, sizes . y/ / Sho.-s, fine vici kid and cloth top button shoes, spring heels, Lemonade tumblers, twelve- # m JT^^^T Pears or Apricots— 3 cans f0r...... '
of drawers 22 to ?2, regular value per gar- if f patent leather tips, California made, almost all sizes and . . ounce size, this week, /q M^rffi , ?sYf(kv^' •• .••• • •••• .^OC
ment 50c. special for this week or 2/r ft B [ I widths, in the Yale toe. We have been selling many of ,' •h~ m perdozen ..:...... - W <J- K^3 l *^S-S! Columbus .Tomatoes, new pack—
until sold, each.......... ~~ v " ',( ,( these lines for Ji. 75 and $2.00 a pair ; to close them no. ; . Wi»' ' ,li Steam Beer Tumblers, hod rv,rfHtl\l solid meat— not watery— 3 can s ->r- .
Men's Fine Unlaundered White '-/ , / /V out we now mark them fbri... ..'. cIOC V|i M 14 ounces. This week, par dozen 70 j hJU^ci for ZDC
Shirts made of good quality I muslin '/ „ jW LOT 4 _ Broken lines of Children's Shoes, s'zes sto 9, W\ iX '% •••••• ' - JC ; . 1^ 5W Crosse & Biackwell's Kippered ?n
with , linen bosoms^double back and | | V button shoes in kid and cloth tops. Many ot them have . W* '.; Water Tumblers, hold 10 ounces, <yr. J Herrings, in tins-2 5 c size f0r...... 2UC
front, long or short bosoms regular^ J| , \ been selling at $1.50 a pair ;to close them out we o Qr . ■ ■■■%.. !!J! hi^2 lines of engraving-set of 6........ L\)Z Crosse & Blackwell's Yarmouth Bloaters, in An
vali.e.6 s c, PeCla l forth w v^V |l« have marked them ......'. o9C Vfe ; | Champagne Tumblers, three lines •' tins- 45 c size for 4UC
ofSiie^^aStie^e^: M\\ LOTS-Consistsofa..the 75 c and 5^ Shoes ,„" the -'&» ; en raving. P A big bargain at ■ H^and Herrmg-regular.y 5 c each-on Monday 2£fc
terns, cut extra long and wide, all sizes, U J ±J* Shis for misses and children described in lots 3 and 4. of this week's price-set of Six 24 C 3 ÜbrS rfcrVtog^rertterty'.Vc wS^nMon- -ir-
regular price ji.oo, special for this 73C rMT closed, per only have sizes .?.. to 6. These will be jo ■ Glasswa re Department-second floor, west side. . t * t - day and Tuesday 8 tor g V 5 . °"25c
week each ..••• /3C -^ % closed, per pair tOL Glassware Department-Second floor, west side. • I day and 1 uesaay a tor ~^w
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
SYMPATHY FOR
STRICKEN CUBA
Resolution of the Young
Men's Christian Asso
ciation.
California Members Urged to
Co-operate in Relief
Work.
Close at Riverside of the State Con
vention of the Organiza
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 26.— The morning
session of the Young Men's Christian
Association Convention began with a
paper by Grove F. Ekins of Sacra
mento, entitled, "Our Young Men of
To-Morrow Are the Boys of To-Day. "
Mr. Eklns spoke of the urgent need
of taking care of the boys before they
become tainted with sin. A paper by
W. E. Howard of Los Angeles on edu
cational work followed. It was an ad
mirable description of the work of the
Los Angeles association along this line.
"Spiritual Result in Educational
Work" "was discussed In a paper read
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
by H. J. McCoy. Mr. McCoy touched
upon many useful points, and a lively
discussion of the whole subject of the
educational work followed.
The convention then resolved itself
Into a business association. The time
of the annual convention was changed
from October to the third week in Feb
ruary in each year. The following were
elected as members of the board of
trustees of the California Young Men's
Christian Association: H. J. McCoy,
San Francisco; James C. Chown, San
Francisco; R. V. Watt, San Francisco;
D. Edward Collins, Oakland; E. S.
Field, Los Angeles; David Jacks, Mon
terey: Henry French, San Jose; George
Quinan. San Bernardino; George W.
Maraton, San Diego; S. E. Holdon,
Napa City; C. M. Parker, Pasadena.
The convention passed a resolution of
sympathy with those who are suffering
in Cuba at the present time, and rec
ommended that Individuals of the as
sociation co-operate for their relief as
far as possible. The committee on the
State committee's report recommended
the engaging of a State secretary and
pledges were made for that purpose.
The following were elected as mem
bers of the State committee: David
Jacks, Monterey; Dr. C. M. Cooper.
Campbell; C. M. Collins, Santa Cruz;
H F. Williamson. Stockton; John F.
Crowe, W. W. Koblee, Riverside; C. G.
Baldwin. Claiemont; Walter Miller,
Palo Alto; G. W. Marston, D. C. Lock
wood. J. N. Freeman, San Diego; W. E.
Howard, F. M. Porter, G. W. Parsons,
Los Angeles; F. H. Rindge, Santa Mon
ica: I. J. Truman, G. D. Fordenstock,
J J. Pfister, Edward Coleman, H. J.
McCoy, Charles Maydell. San Fran
cisco; Charles M. Campbell, C. H. Dunn.
Sacramento; D. Edward Collins, W. B.
Fry, George T. Hawley, R. N. Cham
berlain, Noel J. Jacks, Oakland; N.
Morton, San Jose.
The evening session was held in the
Baptist church. One of the subjects
discussed was "An Evening With
Young Men." This was followed by on
address by Professor G. C. Baldwin of
Pomona College, which partook of the
nature of a retrospect of the history
and work of the association.
The convention virtually closed to
night as far as regulnr work is con
cerned. To-morrow the delegates still
here will attend services in the fore
noon. The convention has been one of
the best ever held by the Young Men's
Christian Association of California, and
a great deal of work of a substantial
character for the welfare of the society
was accomplished.
SUNDRY CIVIL
BILL NOT COMPLIED.
But Cannon Held the Floor With It
to the Exclusion of Other
Business.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2f>.— The House
did not complete the consideration of the
sundry civil bill to-day, but Chairman
Cannon held the floor with it until ad
journment, refusing to yield to Boutelle,
the chairman of the Naval Committee,
who was anxious to secure consideration
of the bill reported by his committee for
the relief of the victims and survivors of
the Maine disaster.
About twenty pages of the sundry civil
bill were disposed of to-day. Many ef
fort? wore made by different members to
inject river and harbor items into the bill,
three of them being successful; amend
ments appropriating $300,000 for Cleveland
harbor; >200.000 for Wilmington. Del., and
increasing the appropriation for Boston
harbor from JWO.OOO to $250,000 were
adopted. As contracts for this work
were authorized they were In order un
der the rules.
The End Is Near.
March 8 will wind up one of the great
est sales of Furniture ever heard of at
the Fattosien Company, Sixteenth and
Minion. They have been doing a rushing
business the last two months known
as the dullest months in the year;
the low cut in prices did it. People must
not fail to see Smith's carpets, going at
BOc yard. Everything else In proportion. *
MUST FIGHT IT
OUT IN COURT
Contest of the Barron Will
May Not Be Com
promised.
Judge Hyland of San Jose De
cides Againr,t the Prop
osition.
Heirs of the Decedent Prevented
From Settling Their Differ
ences Amicably.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 26.— The petition of
George E. Barron for a termination of
the trust created by the will of his fa
ther. Edward Barron, was denied by
Judge Hyland to-day, and there is but
little chance of a compromise of the
contest of Edward Barren's will being
effected. The decision Is as follows:
The petition of George E. Barron, filed
in this court on the Ist day of February,
1898 asking for a decree terminating the
trust bequest of $100,000 to the petitioner
herein and the creating of a new trust,
is denied for the following reasons:
All of the beneficiaries interested In
■aid fund are not before the court.
That the contingent Interest of the un
born children of George E. Barron must
he preserved until the death ot George
Barron.
All the parties in interest have not filed
their written consent.
The trust Is a valid trust. Its purpose
is not impossible.
The will of Edward Barron placed
$100,000 in a trust fund for the benefit
of George E. Barron, who was to have
the income during life, and at his death
it was to be divided among his children.
If George Barron died without any
children the money was to go to his
brother or the latter's heirs. The bal
ance of the estate, valued at $1.500,000.
with the exception of $200,000 for W. R.
Barron, another son, was given to Eva
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market St., cor. Fourth, 2nd floor Flood B'ld'g, Room 7:
CONSTJIjTATION' FREE. .
v Wff fiYlfhn ft .A FREE— TO DEMONSTRATE OUR PAlX-
xTltvt*** Wl / Ul «' UffwC LESS METHODS of EXTRACTION, etc., we
V . *«sV \\ ••A/ ' J^lllJi* '-; will -devote one hour each day to FREE EX-
J -^AS» 'V VV / /]/■ **/ TRACTION, 10 to 11 a. m. The clinic Is always
•''" ■V^vTv XAt^WSldnX ''^'amm' ahead in advanced dental science. No students
J^^ 'y^9pf^k —^ftflE. ' For . the next . thirty days our prices will be: *
JrW Vi''/wk'^~^ For tlie next tllirt y ''ays our prices will be:
"j^"' / l6jVf-'f,},'M '•'■'■ FILL SET OF TEETH for .. ...$4 60 up
- — ~"^BHfc^sMlfc2#s3r"> • GOLD CROWNS. 22k........ ...-."3 80 up
-Wf^DO mnffl&Kfli AbL^THM BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 350 up
rrC *™ y#r-' : >y^*«l^^a\ ™ GOLD FILLING 75c up
™i> /^S</ / >'%M>'\^. ■ v^>> SILVER FILLING 25c up
/VX% J^^ 'A^ YOU>«% CLEANING TEETH 60c up
■£ lSp'till **Ji V i : *~'j : NO PAIN in extracting and no charge when,
JS «?Jr "■-.■■ *5 i Extra Cted'v- plates, are ordered. :.-.- ,-\ '. •
yf' M \ 4 FILL ED -- Work done as well at night as by daylight by
,TCCTU &'' Ink M*] roniuun the modern electrical de\-loes used here. • Lady
Iff I fl W/ft\-' ■jsaf;*' KW ' n ' r<E " r; * : attendant. ' A physician always in attendance-
1 *"^ , *%&& ;, : : i.%r.. BridCeWOffc Don't lorset the number— . •>• ;- ■/<
' ■'"•;■ without PAIN.
' Reception nD T F : CTOfl.Vlifl" 809 War^*t Street, corner Fourth.
Room 7? **"• ' ' • *-• « " ?»" l \y » Flood Building, Second Floor.
■■■' • '.■»''■■/ v- ■ ■-.^.. Hours— a.m. to 10 m.; Sundays 9to Urn.-
Rose Barron, the widow.
A contest of the will by George Bar
ron resulted in that instrument being
set aside, on the ground of unsound
ness of mind of the decedent and un
due influence of his wife. A new trial
was subsequently ordered, and then
terms of % a compromise were entered
into. It was proposed' to terminate the
trust fund, giving George Barron $50,
000 of the amount and $21,000 accrued
interest. The other $50,000 was to ba
put into another trust fund.
O'Brien's patent spring: best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. •
56
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor;
Address A<l Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Managw.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . Market and Third SU, S. F«
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2«T to 221 Stevenson etreet j
Telephone Main 1874.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is j
served by carriers In this city end surrounding towos
for 15 cents a week' By mali $ 6 P« r year, per month !
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL Ooe year, by njali, $1.53 !
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway ,
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rtftfte Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street, corner Cloy
coer> until 9:30 o'ciocK. 339 Hayes street: open until
930 o'clock. 6S! MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Lari<lr) street; open until 9:30 o'clock
5V. . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open until
* o'clock 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
iC6 Eleventh at.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Pol ß street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock. i
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— Lectu re.
California— BlacK Pattt Troubadours. f
Columbia— "Shall We Forgive Her."
Aloazar— "Charley's Aunt."
Morosco'e— "The Last Stroke."
Tlvoll— "The Vice-Admiral."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bueh— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Shermau, Clay 4 Co. 'a Hall-Marluo, the Violin Virtuoso,
c-aturday afternoon. March 6.
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall— Piano Kecltai, Thursday even-
ing, March 8.
Olympla, corner Mason and Kddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlqulta and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition.
Pacific Coast Jockey Clnb— Raoes at lugleside to-morrow.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park, this morning'
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank ButWrflcld— Monday, February 28, Oriental Rugs,
at Uii Sutter street, at 2 o'clock.
by Vinc°nt &. Gallagher— Monday, February 23, Furniture, at
563 Bush street, at 11 o'clock. ■
By G. H. Umbaeri— Monday, March 7, Real Estate, at 14 Mont-
gomery sireet, at 12 o'clock.
By Madlsou 4 Burke— Thursday March 3, Real Estate, at 628
Market street, at 12 o'clock.
KNIVES IN PRISON REFORM.
L! NTIL yesterday it had been a considerable pe
riod since news had come from San Quentin
of one convict shedding the blood of another,
using for the purpose a sharp and ready knife. In
deed, a reasonable hope had arisen that the harsh
policy of 'denying to the convicts the boon of going
about armed for battle had found favor in the eyes
of the governing officials. This hope has been
crushed. Yet let us not look on the dark side. Let
us rather congratulate ourselves that there is still
deference to public opinion great enough to cause
the withholding from the convicts the comfort of
carrying revolver?, and that the blessed privilege of
lugging a slungshot through their daily routine is
not theirs. The public does not wish to be severe.
It remains out of reach of the gleaming blades, and
if there is anything in prison reform which makes
imperative the practice of allowing convicts a chance
to carve their neighbors, well and good. The public
does not profess skill in the science of penology.
But as a man even in prison has rights, it is clearly
meet and proper that it a portion of the convicts
are to have knives all ought to have them. The
tendency to show partiality has more than once cre
ated trouble among the inmates of restraining insti
tutions.
DAMSEL, DIMPLE, DAMAGE.
THE girl from whom nature has withheld the
boon of a dimpled cheek is apt to pine for one.
Helen Brooks of Denver came into the world
handicapped by the absence of this adornment, and
as she grew to years of indiscretion her yearning
to be thus ornamented developed into a passion.
Helen had visions of her own loveliness enhanced
and glorified as it would be by the presence of a
dimple, a cute little depression deepening with each
smile and seeming to radiate beauty as a hole created
in the placid bosom of a frogpond by the casting of
a pebble throws about itself a series of shimmering
rings. So Helen went to a doctor who claims the
ability to create dimples while you wait, and Helen
bought a dimple. She still has it, but it seems to
her a misfit. As she stands before the glass in con
templation of what should be her chief facial attrac
tion she is conscious of an inward pain. Sne pro
nounces the thing a scar.
To acquire a dimple is a simple matter. Anybody
may take a shoemaker's awl and punch into her own
damask cheek as many dimples as she thinks it will
conveniently hold. However, when a dimple comes
it is not a transitory affair. It has the element of
permanence. The only way to get rid of it is to
have the countenance amputated. Helen is not, ap
parently, a girl much given to habits of thought, but
that this course would be a greater mar to comeli
ness is probably clear even to her. Possibly Helen
got tired of seeing herself making dimpled grimaces
at herself every time she glanced at a mirror. It may
be that the sudden stoppage of the family clock
whenever she sought to read the time of day became
annoying. At any rate Helen sued the dimple ar
chitect and builder for damages.
It is to be hoped that she will recover the full
sum asked. It is unlikely, However, that she would
be wise enough to invest it properly, and therefore
a little friendly counsel in advance will not be amiss.
She ought to spend a part of the money in getting a
copy of that valuable work, "How Not to Be a Fool,
Even if One of Our Sex, and With Never a
Dimple," the joint product of Ruthie Ashmore and
Charlotte Smith. Of course the most faithful reading
will not remove the cavity already obtained, but it
may induce Helen to refrain from indulgence in
more freaks of idiocy until she sinks into a dimpled
dotage and is no longer responsible.
No report that men are dying by scores along the
Klondike trail serves to discourage the eager throng
bound in that direction. Each man goes with the
happy assurance that fortune awaits him, and that
the others whose bones bleach by the pathway once
were inspired by similar notions does not in the
least check the spirit of the gold-seekers. Human
faith is a queer thing.
Acquittal of the persons arrested for violating the
pool ordinance seems still to be accomplished with
the old facility. It may be explained for the benefit
of those not familiar with the matter that acquittal
in these cases is no indication of innocence.
Certain press correspondents have been warned to
leave France, and it might be a comfort to absent
themselves long enough to be able to express their
minds freely concerning the way people are acting
over there now
FOLSOM BOULEVARD BONDS.
I"" 1 HE fate which has overtaken the bonds author
ized by vote of the people of Sacramento
County for the construction of a boulevard be
tween that city and Folsom ought to sen'e as a no
tification to county officials throughout the State
that bond schemes must be carefully considered be
fore they are placed before the public. In the case
of the Folsom boulevard public sentiment in Sacra
mento County was almost unanimous. But at the
very outset of the bonding project the District At
torney rendered an opinion to the effect that it
would be impossible to carry it out on the lines pro
posed.
In their eager desire to put the scheme through,
however, the people appealed from their District At
torney to the Attorney-General, who adopted an op
posite view of the law. In accordance with the
latter's opinion the work was undertaken, an election
was held and the people voted to bond the county to
the extent of $75,000.
In due time the bonds were offered for sale. The
highest bidders were N. W. Harris & Co. of Chicago.
They offered $76,012 for the entire issue, conditional
upon its validity being indorsed by their attorneys.
Shortly afterward word was received that they had
submitted the question to Judge Dillon, the famous
bond lawyer of New York, and that he had pro
nounced the entire issue worthless on the ground that
under our constitution the property of municipali
ties cannot be taxed for county road purposes. This
was exactly the point raised by District Attorney
Ryan at the beginning and the point overruled by
Attorney- General Fitzgerald when he took a hand in
the controversy.
The result is that the popular scheme of construct
ing a boulevard from Sacramento to Folsom, a work
which the people favored by a vote of five or six to
one. has been brought to a standstill. What the
authorities of Sacramento County should have done
before entering upon the enterprise was to have se
cured opinions from other lawyers than the District
Attorney and the Attorney-General. It would have
paid them, as is now manifest, to have consulted
Eastern experts upon the subject. Had they pro
cured an opinion from some lawyer recognized as an
authority by the bond buyers a great deal of expense
and trouble might have been saved.
The matter will be taken to the local Supreme
Court before the boulevard project 13 abandoned,
however, and it is hoped that that tribunal will not
interpret the law as it has been interpreted by Judge
Dillon. The constitution is not at all plain, but it
must be confessed that if municipalities can be taxed
for county road purposes a certain inconsistency will
be introduced into the organic law. Counties and
municipalities are made by the constitution distinct
in many cases, and in none so pointedly as in tax
ation. The main point in the case ought to be, Would
the Folsom boulevard be entirely a county road?
If it is a county road in part only a new issue of
bonds might solve the difficulty.
A WORD TO MOYOR PHELAN.
\A AYOR PHELAN can best employ this day
/ \ of rest by passing in review certain acts of
his official life and testing them by the
standards of conduct which he accepts and honor
ably strives to live up to in private. A man so es
timable as a citizen should be equally estimable as a
Mayor. He who acts with decorum at home and
in the clubs should act with dignity in office.
Mayor Phelan knows right from wrong. He dis
tinguishes clearly the difference between propriety
and impropriety in all social affairs, and it is reason
able to assume that if he will give the subject some
consideration he will be able to decide with an equal
clearness what he should do and what he should
leave undone in the highest function to which he has
yet been called — that of acting as the chief execu
tive of the city.
Mayor Phelan of late has permitted himself to be
held up before the public as the friend and ally of the
most disreputable gang known to San Francisco.
He has allowed himself to be made the pet, as it
were, of yellow journalism and has shown a willing
ness to pose in that attitude before the public. He
has even stooped to become something like an ad
vertising agent and a solicitor of money for a dis
reputable newspaper, and has undertaken in public
and as Mayor to promote one of its schemes for ob
taining money from the people to be held "in trust."
When a committee was to be selected to take
charge of the entertainment to be given by the Min
ing Fair for the benefit of the families of the sailors
who were killed by the destruction of the Maine,
Mr. Phelan, as Mayor of the city, was of course ap
pointed a member of that body. It was supposed
that he would attend the meetings of the committee
in something of an official character and would act
for the municipality as far as that was possible in the
work with which the committee was charged. It was
therefore with amazement the members of the com
mittee saw the Mayor appear before them to solicit
that the money raised by the entertainment should
be given, not to the immediate relief of the needy
families of the heroic dead, but to a monumental ad
vertising fund to be held in trust by the New York
Journal as a self-appointed trustee.
The action of the Mayor in this affair is the more
regretted by his friends and the more condemned by
the general public because the monumental adver
tising fund for which he appeared as solicitor has
already become a scandal. The Call has published
the information that the New York Journal in seek
ing to get men to take up contributions for this fund
sent to a Seattle correspondent this dispatch:
"Can you get some one among the wealthy people
of your city who will organize local committee for
national monument to the Maine's heroes on basis
of 10 per cent on all sums he collects?"
"Wealthy people" who solicit money from a pa
triotic and generous people ostensibly for patriotic
jiurposes and with a seeming liberality of their own.
but with the secret understanding of a 10 per cent
rake-off, are not esteemed by public sentiment either
from a political or a social point of view. Mayor
Phelan as a citizen, as a gentleman, as a man of
honor in private life, would never ask popular con
tributions for a cause that appeals to the noblest sen
timents of humanity and then pocket 10 per cent of
all he obtained.
Why, then, as Mayor of the city and in his official
capacity does he allow his name to be enrolled with
such men? Why does he act with them? Why does
he personally urge that money to be raised in San
Francisco for the families of the nation's heroic dead
should be turned from their immediate relief and de
voted to a trust fund which "wealthy persons" are
collecting on a basis of 10 per cent?
Senator Proctor announces that his visit to Ha
vana has no significance. This statement invests the
affair with importance. It must be remembered that
the Senator has studied diplomacy and has at least
progressed so far as to state frankly exactly what he
doesn't mean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
THE GOLDEN WEST EXPOSITION.
THE movement started by The Call for the cele
bration of the semi-centennial of the admission
of California to the Union by an exposition of
the resources and industries of the whole of that
Great West whose progress and development have
been the result of Californian initiative has now so
far advanced that it is being discussed in detail, and
differences of opinion are beginning to appear.
These differences will not in any way militate
against the success of the enterprise. It was inevit
able they should occur. Men who are most har
monious with respect to a desired object do not al
ways agree as to the best means of attaining it. The
more keen public interest becomes in the proposed
exposition the more numerous and the more diverse
will be the plans suggested for carrying it into effect
and making it successful, and every step to be taken
in the movement from this time on will require con
sideration, discussion and careful judgment in de
ciding upon it.
At present the main difference of opinion turns
upon the question of the time when the exposition
should be held. The semi-centennial of the admis
sion of California falls in 1900, but in that year
there are to be an. exposition in Paris and a Presi
dential election in this country. To the minds of
some persons the election and the Paris exposition
are reasons for postponing our exposition until the
following winter or possibly until the following sum
mer. To the minds of others, however, it seems that
it would be well for us to hold our fete in the year
named because of the very facts that lead some to
object to it.
It is argued that a Presidential election will in
crease the life and movement of the people, and that
we would profit from the activity and might induce
all the Presidential candidates to visit the fair. It is
also argued that an exposition in California in 1900
would have the effect of retaining at home thousands
of persons who would otherwise go abroad, and
would thus be beneficial by preventing the drain of
wealth from the country that results from wholesale
pleasure-seeking in foreign lands.
Nothing of the difference between these divergent
views is vital to the project itself. At a meeting of
citizens called by Mayor Phelan to consider the mat
ter this aspect of the enterprise was fully discussed
and the problem was very wisely left for future so
lution.
The committee adopted a resolution declaring it
to be the sense of the meeting that a fair be held
commemorative of the fiftieth anniversary of the ad
mission of California into the Union; that a commit
tee of fifteen be appointed by the Mayor to devise a
plan and submit it to a meeting of citizens subse
quently to be called, and that they be given discre
tion in determining in what year it would be most ad
vantageous to hold such exposition and as to the
character and scope of the enterprise.
This resolution amply covers the situation at pres
ent. The essential thing is to provide for an expo
sition which will serve as a commemoration of the
admission of California to the Union and spread
abroad the fame of the great thing? that have been
accomplished in the Golden West during the fifty
years of American occupation. In that project all en
terprising citizens can join, and it is encouraging to
note how many are doing so and how warm is their
interest in the work.
TO the relief of all lovers of truth and fair play the
farcical investigation of governmental charges
against Emile Zola has come to an end.
That the novelist should have received an ad
verse decision was to have been expected, and
those who followed the case closely were therefore
not surprised at the action of his judges. If the
trial has served no other purpose, it has made patent
to the world the astonishing state of corruption that
exists in the French nation, and it needed no prophet
to foretell that M. Zola would find it possible dur
ing the course of his trial to substantiate the state
ments made by him in his letter assailing the Gov
ernment.
The Dreyfus case is not one which concerns France
alone. It is one which concerns the whole civilized
world, for it must touch every man's sense of justice
when he asks himself, Is it possible that at the end
of the nineteenth century, in a free country, a man
may be cruelly sentenced upon evidence which
would have been considered insufficient for a lettre
de cachet during the last century, and would not
even be thought grave enough in a despotic state to
send the prisoner to Siberia? Emile Zola has de
monstrated that it is possible. Without any motives
of self-interest and at personal bodily risk he cham
pioned the cause of Alfred Dreyfus. Those who
know and admire him are aware that he did this
not because he felt that Dreyfus was innocent, but
because he knew it, and to have remained silent at
so important a time would have been foreign to his
principles.
The French Government has by its action in M.
Zola's case exposed itself to suspicion. It has
pleaded "reasons of state 1 ' for failing to obtain ma
te! ial evidence, for closing the doors whenever deli
cate and confidential matters were touched, and for
stopping investigation at a point when it was mani
festly incomplete.
Now France is calling out for the honor of the
army. It can only be said if this is really affected the
blow to the republic will be terrible. As the Panama
canal scandal defiled political life in France, so has
the trial of Emile Zola discredited law and justice in
the republic. We do not know what remains which,
a Frenchman can respect except his army. If that
now fails the desire for a change of government may
become irrepressible. Nor is this all. If it is seen
coming the temptation to divert the attention of the
country by foreign war will be well nigh irresistible.
A nice question of ethics has arisen at the City
Prison, and it is to be hoped that it will be settled
in accordance with approved principles of diplomacy.
A white man whom circumstances have forced be
hind restraining bars objects to being locked up with
some Chinese who pine under similar misfortune. It
is unfair to punish a prisoner in any way not pre
scribed by law, yet the protesting white man should
remember that the Chinese are probably experiencing
pangs as keen as his own.
There was once a man who had the ill-fortune to
be kicked down three flights of stairs and into the
street. When he gathered himself up from the pave
ment he remarked, as though a great light had
dawned upon him, "I can take a hint as well as any
body; I'm not wanted here." One difference be
tween this individual and Councilman Woodward of
Oakland seems to be that the latter fails to grasp a
situation which was readily discernible to the intel
ligence of the former.
When Uncle Russell Sage openly indulges in war
talk'it may be concluded that the good man is prepar
ing to get on the bear side of something.
THE ZOLf? AFFAIR.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
A. J. Waterhouse is not only a hu
morist with a happy faculty of drag
ging from almost any set of circum
stances material for a laugh, but he
can employ a facility of expression in
setting forth the sober truth. "When
he says in one of his weekly letters
that School Director Waller was heard
to remark that two San Francisco
school teachers, female, had been seen
drunk In the street, there is only one
of two conclusions to be reached. The
first is that the teachers were ob
served in this condition; the other,
that Waller lied. I cannot think that
even a Waller makes out a very good
case for himself in either event. Since
the election of that person to *a i>o=i
tlon for which he was in no way fitted
there has been but one chance lor him
to do a generous and gracious act, and
his mental and moral equipment seems
to have prevented him from grasping
it His early resignation would hays
been appreciated as Indicating a de
sire to promote the cause of education
and avert disgrace from the schools.
There Js something almost reprehen
sible In the conduct of the local pick
pocket. His persistency in extract
ing the purse of the stranger and bor
rowing the watch of the visitor with
evident intent not to return it, is bad
enough. The real lack of considera
tion, however, is manifest toward the
police. Anybody desirous of infor
mation can ascertain by inquiry at de
tective headquarters that the pick
pocket has been chased to other fields;
that he went so swiftly as to cause
his coattails to crackle like the week
ly wash hung out in a gale; that he
will never come back, and that his one
fear is for the law as applied by the
police of this city.
There are reasons for fearing the de
cision of Judge Dillon in relation to
the invalidity of bonds Issued for the
proposed Folsom boulevard is based
on law. One reason for believing this
is that Judge Dillon is an able man.
He was for years on the United States
Circuit bench in lowa, and had the rep
utation of being a jurist of srreat acu
men and profound knowledge. He re
signed because a private practice urged
upon him offered many times the in
come of the Federal position, and went
to New York, where he took charge of
the Gould interests, and accepted also
the post of lecturer at Columbia Law
College. The second reason is that so
many laws are bad, and apparently de
signed to prevent progress. It is a
strange thing if the people who want
a road and are willing to pay for it
cannot have the privilege.
It is hard to understand why, when
for a hungry man to pick a crust from
a garbage barrel constitutes him an of
fender worthy of arrest, a man rated
at $60,000 can do the same thing and go
free. Of course it's all right, because
Judge Campbell says so-, yet I believe
the law. should at least be exactly re
versed. No rich man has any right to
assume the guise of a beggar nor to
garner crusts a decent tramp might ap
preciate. If it is wicked to annex a
discarded and not wholly attractive
scrap of bread when the impulse to do
so comes from a vacant stomach, it is
doubly wjcked when the act can be
traced to sheer meanness. Far be it
frc/m me to encourage the practice
whatever the motive, but I would sen
tence the famished individual driven to
it to a short series of square meals,
but, taking th<? other fellow, dump him
into the barrel, with the less noxious
refuse, head up the barrel and roll it
into the bay.
"Soapy" Smith's desire to be Chief
of Police of Alaska may be merely his
expression of belief in the old idea that
setting a thief to catch a thief is good
detective policy. If there is any virtue
in this scheme it follows that the big
ger the first thief, the quicker the sec
ond will be caught. Then with "Soapy"
in the former role there would be ab
solutely no show for escape. I have
known "Soapy" for many years. There
was never a queerer compound. He is
genial" and generous, enjoys a fight,
pays his debts, gives his last dollar to
whoever wants it and steals the first
dollar the next man is rash enough to
expose to view. I cannot regard it as
probable he will attain the honor he
seeks. He is asking too much. If the
people in a community not beyond the
vigilance committee period refrain from
hanging him he should regard their
consideration as a distinguished favor.
It does not seem to me that Bateman
Brothers are showing the public the re
gard that is due, and even that they
are putting that excellent and benign
body, the Supervisors, to unnecessary
trouble is tolerably clear. They have
been, granted until October 1 of this
year in which to finish their contract
to erect the Hall of Justice. Anybody
who has observed the ability of these
gentlemen not to push the work which
should have been complete last fall,
must conclude that they intend to fin
ish it when, as the crude but emphatic
expression is, they get good and ready.
An extension to next October simply
means that when that month arrives
the Batemans will be in a position to
accept another extension. This involves
useless formality. They might as well
have been given an extension to termi
nate with .'the rolling up of the heav
ens as a scroll. Perhaps I ought to un
derstand why a city tolerates such
foolishness, but I don't. There was
only one proper course to pursue, and
that was to annul the contract the mo
ment the fact became plain that Bate
man Brothers were ignoring its terms,
and exact from them every prescribed
penalty. There is no particular obli
gation to allow the Batemans to hand
down to their heirs and assigns for
ever one certain contract for making
a monkey of a large municipality.
One crime j which ": has gone too long
unrebuked is the use of the improvised
term ■ "Foto." : : . How a ; man who makes
pictures • by- machinery •_ and utilizes the
bleßsed sunlight 7of heaven ; In the proc
! ess can employ this barbarism and ex
! pect nature to smile upon him' has oft
en puzzled me. il may be ; unduly prej
udiced against people I who ■ ; talk : and
i write j by 1 ear. A word, of- r combina
tion of letters, without a pedigree and
! having its origin rin ; the '_;; human I trait
of laziness is ; always . irritating. H It re
minds me of . a broken window stuffed i
with rags .while there is plenty of glass
to be had. ; Recently a 1 photograph gal
; lery in this city was visited by fire. I
I think the explanation simple. A suf
fering I Providence,, .patient :.- *nd long
s - >J -;- ; - v —^
By HENRY JAMES.
!88?8S2S2S$S2SS?288S8SS88S2S3S$S283
forbearing, had taken note of the fact
that in that gallery the "Foto" stalked
shameless ; and unafraid. What else
could a Providence, bent upon perform
ing its duty and possibly under heavy
bonds, be expected to do?
It is always a pleasing thing to see
a good man get his dues, and there
fore I hail with acclaim the pardoning
of Major Moreland of Pennsylvania. If
he happen to find this out he will ap
preciate It, for amongst our mutual
joys Is that of being strangers. The
major In 1896 found himself in posses
sion of $450,000 belonging to somebody
else. The police noted the proximity
of the major to the cash, his clinging
disposition, and made bold to arrest
him. I happened to remark the inci
dent, and as about that time our own
Judge Wallace was sending purlolners
of purses containing 45 cents to serve
twenty years, feared the major would
have to be careful of his diet and not
expose himself to draughts or have dif
ficulty in living long enough to sur
vive his term. But in Pennsylvania
there is respect for the truly great. The
major got three years, as he was tired |
and willing to rest a while. Now that |
he has been in prison two-thirds of the
time he indicates a willingness to come
out, and the Governor accommodates
him. The major made one mistake.
He should have stolen half a million.
I hope he will bear this in mind and
not be guilty of another $50,000 short
age. Such indiscretion for a second
time might be enough to place him be
yond the pale of executive regard and
clemency.
"•God help Spain," exclaimed Admiral
Gherardl. -I hope the solicitude of the
gentleman will be of no effect. It may
be true that Spain will need help, but
she will not deserve it. Besides, if
this country undertakes to lick Spain
it does not want to go against odda
when the situation is naturally in its
favor.
Colonel Mosby is a much older man
than he would have been had he been
hanged at the time he first merited the
distinction. He is entitled now to all
the disrespect due a certain sort of old
age. When the colonel says that Spain
was right in the Virginius affair I take
the liberty of saying he talks as if his
recent accident had knocked out his
brains instead of an eye. He adds that
the United States or England would
have done the same thing as Spain,
wherein he wantonly slanders two na
tions, neither of which has done anything
to deserve it. England may at times
have a strange conception of her rights,
but she does not do more than maintain
them as they appear to her. The United
States, acting on the principle now
advocated by Mosby, would have re
duced her population considerably, and
I do not see how the Mosby feet could
have reached the ground save through
the breaking of the rope. For the
Virginius affair, a matter recently ex
ploited anew in the daily press, there
was no excuse. It was murder, and
the bodies of the victims were treated
to indignities such as might have been
expected had the captors been Apaches.
That the matter was settled on a
monetary basis has been a shame to
America ever since and accounts in
great measure for the Spanish notion
that we are an Inferior people. Colonel
Mosby indicates a willingness to lead
an army against the Spanish, but I
would rather have It led by somebody
else, almost anybody who might be
mentioned. But if war come, and h«
get into hostile territory and suffer th*»
indignity of capture, the vision of his
own head adorning a pole, a jest for
the rabble, may not comfort his last
moments particularly, but it will work
within him a change of heart and dis
sipate the clouds of senility which seem
to have obscured his vision.
If Representative Mahaney of New
York ever comes out this way he can ex
pect at least one newspaper man to
hunt him up and do it with the object
of grasping his hand. Mahaney's at
tack on the heartlessness of the absurd
four hundred who danced merrily soon
after the Maine went down was a de
served tribute to their inutillty, Ido
not suppose they care much. It is not
probable that they read the papers
and certainly the Congressional Record
never intrudes in the sacred realm
where they fritter their lives away.
However, some member of the Guild
of Idleness might stray into the rudo
world, and by seeing a copy of Ma
haney's remarks be led to conclude that
he was not held in high regard, and so
induced to hurry back again.
Some time ago announcement was
made that the Rev. Mr. Wilson was en
deavoring to establish a home for re
spectaßle girls. The plan struck me
as being an excellent one. There ia
no reason why the respectable girl
should not have a home. Undue at
tention seems to be paid to the girl
who is not hampered by the possession
of respectability. She can always find
a home. There are good women in
plenty who are consumed of anxiety to
rescue her and thus win a star for the
crown they expect to wear. I must
confess to a regard for the girl who
has managed to be upright. If she
happens to be without a place of shel
ter she should have a place provided.
It is no wonder as she sees arms ex
tended to her erring sister if she re
pine at her own lot. "feven in this ad
vanced age there should be some con
sideration for the one who still clings
to the rigid idea that there is merit
in being governed by propriety^ But
I do not see anything more about the
projected home. Is it possible that
charity awaits the time when the girls
shall no longer be among the respecta
ble?
Distressing reports come from the
South that there is an epidemic of kiss
ing in Atlanta. Still, strange as it
may seem, there is nothing said about
a panic such as usually accompanies
an outbreak beyond the control of
science, and there is a total absence
of quarantine restrictions. These, if
in force, could not be of the or
dinary kind anyhow. They would have
to be directed, not against attempts
to leave the stricken city, but against
frantic endeavors to break in. No fa
talities have yet been recorded, an in
teresting fact since it disproves the
malevolence of the various microbes
which are supposed to be transmitted
during the process of osculation.
Evidently there is a false impression
extant concerning the integrity of re
porters. Ido not see how this has
arisen. From an experience of yeara
I have gathered the notion that report-
ers are hard to buy. They have many
opportunities to sell themselves, but
they do not do it. I have lately heard
the charge from a lawyer that any re
porter could be bought. The man has
an idea now that he erred, or else his
mind is not subject to ideas. It struck
me as a peculiar charge anyhow, to
come from a lawyer, member of a craft
which is for sale to the highest bidder
always, and not reckoned a worthy
member until worth purchasing. I re
member a man named Johnson, who
was a reporter for me long ago on the
Denver Republican. He is dead now,
but there others of his type. He used
to get very drunk, but in the intervals
was a model of industry. Johnson was
the mining reporter. One day he
heard of a strike in a placer claim near
the town of Boulder and went to see
the owners about it. There were three
owners. One I have forgotten. The
second was a pillar in the church, but
should have been a pillar in the pen
itentiary. The third was a. poor pros
pector who worked while his partners
supplied a grub stake. Johnson found
the first two, but they begged him to
say nothing of the discovery. When
he wanted to know why, thoy ex
plained that the working partner was
in New Mexico; if he heard of the
strike he would want a full share;, if
they could keep him in the dark ha
w >uld sell out for a song. The prop
osition, I am glad to say, did not ap
peal to Johnson favorably. It seemed
to him an attempt at robbery and to
make himself accessory. Then the pal?
delicately broached the subject of a
brlbo. Would $500 be any object? Thia
whh (II J kn**w about it thon. John-
Bon turned In his copy, giving a full
account of the strike. He was wear
ing a Hhfibby overcoat at the time. The
facts were related to me by the "pillar, 1 '
who made a great show of indignation,
but failed to blush, and did not ap
pear to be pleased when I gave him
an opinion as to his moral status. There
are exceptions, of course, Just as there
are honest lawyers; but the reporter
who can be induced by the offer of
money to be unfaithful to the paper
employing him is despised among his
fellows and put upon the same plane
as the upright gentleman who offers
the bribe and shudders at the venality
of the press.
THE STRANGE PART OF IT.
I love to hear a certain learned friend of mine
orate
On our modern institutions and their dire, de
generate state.
When he talks about the drama, how he scores
the coryphees!
And asks how long the public will permit such
things as these!
He speaks of our performers as mere pigmies
in an age
Where there is no chance of viewing real
genius on the stage.
And the plays are less than trifling and the
wit which men should prize
To buffoonery has weakened, which must
needs demoralize —
But he goes to see 'em.
And the novels that are published! How he
puts 'em 'neath the lash
And wonders how the people can endure such
tawdry trash.
The authors and their managers without ro
morse he scores
And declares that they're "pernicious" or "un
mitigated bores."
He vows that they are callow save In cases
where we find
Too much sophistication for the really well
bred mind.
And he wishes for a' bonfire which as sustfn
ance would claim
Most volumes that have been and are becom
ing known to fame —
But he buys 'em.
And when he talks of politics— that's when his
flinty Ire
Into the tinder of my dull Intelligence strikes
fire.
He shows how politicians with their mechan
ism bold
Have quite usurped the places that nt.i'i;.
should hold.
And how Home wily people will by plots and
tunning snares
Rank with the great and righteous Jn the
national affairs.
With scorn he. tells me how these politicians
bad have made
What should be patriotism Into usury and
trade-
But he votes for 'em.
— Washington Star.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SECRET SOCIETIES— E. L. 8.. Bel
mont, Cal. Without knowing the particu
lar society to which you refer in your
communication it is Impossible to give
an answer. The question is not one that
admits of a general answer.
CASINO— M. 8., City. In counting In
casino the rule is that on the last deal
the points must be counted in the follow
ing order: Cards, 3 points; spades, 1
point; big casino, 2 points; little casino, 1
point; aces, i point each; sweep, 1 point.
CALIFORNIA EXCURSIONS— R. H..
New Orleans, La. Round trip excursions
from San Francisco to Yosemite Valley,
including the Big Trees, is $42; San Fran
cisco to Sisßons, the nearest station to
Mount Shasta, round trip in summer,
$14: San Francisco to the Geysers, round
trip, via Napa or via Cloverdale, $S;
round trip via Napa and return via
Cloverdale or vice versa, $8; San Fran
cisco to Monterey, round trip Friday to
Tuesday, $4 50.
POISON TO ANIMALS— X., Blue Can
yon. Cal. There is a section of the Code
of California which says that "every per
son who willfully administers any poison
to an animal, the property of another, or
maliciously exposes any poisonous sub
stance with the intent that the same shall
be taken or swallowed by such animal, is
punishable by imprisonment in the State
prison for a term not exceeding three
years, or by imprisonment in the county
jail not exceeding one year, an;l a fine <>f
not exceeding $500.-' There may be some
local county ordinance in regard to the
placing of poison in the county in which
you reside, and it would be ■well to com
municate with the District Attorney of
your county.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy Bt. •
A choice present. Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb. in fire-etched boxes. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery-street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Abner C. Qoodell of Salem. Mass., who
has just celebrated his ninety-third btrth
day. Is said to have perfected the design
of the first printing press which- printed
on both sides of paper at once, and he also
discovered the process of preparing steel
ad copper plates fot engravers.
Get a home; $"000 cash and $40 per month for
a few years will buy the prettiest house In
the prettiest suburb of San Francisco. Call oa
R. E. McQlll, 18 Post st.
Don't forget Waller Bros. Gift Day. Feb. 2J,
1593. 33 Grant avenue, corner Geary street.
The widow of the late President Barrios
of Guatemala was Miss Alga Benton, and
was for some time an inmate of the Pro
testant Orphan Asylum of Mobile, Ala.
She afterward became an actress in New
York, and it was during her stage life
that Barrios met her.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
You? cake again "*
psrfeefly lovely ?
Really thai Royal Bak-
ing Powder is a won-
derful leavener.BULL LOOKED
TRIM IN RED
An English Judge of aA
American Coursing
Meeting.
Strong Hares and Fast Dogs
Ran Before a Good Crowd
at Union Park.
Th« Winning Dogs Will Course
To-Day for the Cups and
Prizes.
Although the weather conditions yes
lerday were anything but favorable for
outdoor sport, quite a respectable gath
ering of coursing lovers witnessed the
first meeting held in the new Union
Coursing Park under the auspices of
the Interstate Coursing Club, with I.
F. Halton the presiding officer.
It was quite an innovation from the
Scenes at Opening of New Coursing Park. Judge E. J. Bull (imported).
ordinary course of coursing affairs, bo I
to speak, to dee a thoroughbred Eng
lish judge on the American coursing
sward, (Tffeased in his best fox hunting
clothes. Mr. E. J. Bull appeared at the
hour appointed for the opening of the
meeting, and in a bright red coat, blue
velvet cap with tail, tight fitting doe
skin pants, top boots and spurs to
match.
He rode in an English saddle, but the
animal which carried him over the
green was not an English fox hunter —
a name which is applied to horses used
in the old country and trained to the
chase— but a full blood Mexican mus
tang, broken evidently to hard usage.
At any rate the mustang did not ap
pear to feel at home with an English
saddle and an English gentleman on its
ba^k.
When Mr. Mustang was called upon
tn stretch his limbs he jogged along at
a very ordinary gait, much to the cha
grin of the judge, wrho used the best
muscular effort of his nether extremi
ties to s«nd an English spur deep into
the thick hide •>( the Mexican charger.
But the English spur had not the
least effect on the Mexican charger.
The horse seemed to enjoy the prickly
pensatinn caused by English steel, and
when the courses were of lt-ngthy dura
tion "Mexico" remained far behind the
fleet hounds.
Notwithstanding this severe handi
cap Mr. Bull accredited himself re
markably well. His decisions, with
few exceptions, were well received, and
particularly so was the prompt man
ner in which they were given.
In the race between Theron and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTENSE SUFFERING
From Dyspepsia and Stomach
Trouble.
INSTANTLY RELIEVED AND PERMANENTLY
CURED.
A New Discovery, But Not a Patent
Medicine.
Dr. Redwell relates an interesting ac-
count of what he considers a remark-
able cure of acute stomach trouble and
chronic dyspepsia by the use of the new
discovery, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
He says: The patient was a man who
had suffered to my knowledge for years
with dyspepsia. Everything he ate
seemed to sour and create acid and
gases in the stomach; he had pains like
rheumatism in the back, shoulder
blades and limbs, fullness and distress
after eating, poor appetite and loss of
flesh; the heart became affected, caus-
ing palpitation and sleeplessness at
night.
I gave him powerful nerve tonics and
blood remedies, but to no purpose. As
an experiment I finally bou%ht a fifty-
cent package of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at a drug store and gave them
to him. Almost immediate relief was
given, and after he had used four boxes
he wag to all appearances fully cured.
There was no more acidity or sour
watery risings, no bloating after meals,
the appetite was vigorous and he has
gained between 10 and 12 pounds in
weight of solid, healthy flesh.
Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are advertised and sold in drug stores,
yet I consider them a most valuable ad-
dition to any physician's line of reme-
dies, as they are perfectely harmless
and can be given to children or invalids
or in any condition of the stomach with
perfect safety, being harmless and con- j
taining nothing but vegetable and fruit |
essences, pure pepsin and Oolden Seal, j
Without any question they are the
safest, most effective cure for indiges- '
tion, biliousness, constipation and all j
derangements of the stomach however j
slight or severe.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold j
by druggists everywhere at fifty cents
tor full sized package. J
Moondyne there were not a few specta
tors who thought that the course was
so evenly contested that two flags
should have been ordered raised.
The course between McKinley and
Mercy May, although decided in favor
; of the former, was not received with
general approval.
In the puppy stake the course be
tween Mira Monte and Arrow, al
i though decided in favor of the last
1 named dog, should, in the opinions of
several experts, have been declared in
favor of Mira Monte.
But a judge's decision is always final,
and it is not considered sportsmanlike
to question it. Certainly, Mr. Bull de
cided without fear or favor, and, taken
as a whole, his awards were very sat
! isfactory and pleasing to the spectators.
The slipper made several blunders,
' but the mishaps were caused princi
pally by a new pair of slips which did
not work to the satisfaction of the gen
tleman who handled the leash. Doubt
less Mr. Taylor of Denver will show
vast improvement in slipping dogs
when he will have had a little more ex
perience. v:v»;:
The hares astonished the local sports.
With the exception of an occasional
"duffer" the short-tails that ran before
the dogs were in fine condition, and
gave their pursuers a grueling run
from end to end of the big field, sev
! eral of them gaining their freedom by
I entering the escapes.
The first run downs of the all-agec.,
puppy and sapling stakes were corn
! pleted yesterday, and the finals will be
j decided to-day. The results are as fol
! lows: J „,.
All-aged— Pretender defeated Waratan:
Rusty Gold defeated Douglas; Connemara
defeated Chartist; Coralie defeated
Maple: Mountain Beauty defeated Fear
Not; Thereon defeated Moonriyne; Sky
lark defeated Just Eclipse; St. Lawrence
having been withdrawn: Carmen defeated
Sportsman: Metallic defeated Wayfarer;
Cavalier defeated Araphoe; Blackstone
defeated Diana; Sylvia defeated "White
Lily. Mission Tip having been withdrawn;
Bliickftte defeated Sans Souci; Royal
Buck defeated Van Cloie; Gilt Edge de
feated Chit Chat; False Flatterer defeat
ed Lord Byron; McKinley defeated Mercy
May; Right Bower defeated Jlmmle Cook;
Gallagher defeated Santa Alecia; Pat
Moaoy defeated Theodore; Emtn Pasha
defeated Sweet Lips: Susie defeated Sam;
Rosette defeated Mountain Lassie; Patria
defeated Spry, Green Valley Maid de
feated Minnie Ha-ha: Flying Buck de
feated Firm Friend: Eclipse defeated
Forgret-Me-Not ; Jester ran a bye.
Puppy stake— Palmer Hill defeater Rey
Alphonso; Flyaway defeated Crusader;
Arrow defeated Mira Monte; War Cloud
defeated Arrow", Master Jack defeated
Bell Seward; Gladiator defeated Pastime;
Quiver ran a bye with Fair Florence and
was defeated; O'Grady defeated Star
Pointer.
Sapplinp stake — Sunbeam defeated
Shooting Star: Tick Tack defeated Flash;
Riot Act defeated Snap Shot; Daisy Dean
defeated Rich and Artless; Billy Gallagher
defeated Marietta; "Royal Glen defeated
Robin Adalr; One Spot defeated Minerva.
The officers of the day were: I. F.
Halton, president; E. V. Sullivan, first
vice-president; John Perigo, second
vice-president: S. W. Smith, treasurer;
R. C. Scott, secretary; judge, E. J.
Bull; slipper, R. L. Taylor; slip stew
ard. C. C. Griswold; flag steward, D.
Woods; field stewards, H. M. N.
Spring. H. H. Devine, J. R. Dickson, I.
F. Halton and P. B. Butler.
The grand stand is yet in the course
of completion. It occupies a portion of
the platform, forty feet wide by ninety
feet long, and. besides the usual ac
commodations for spectators, it con
tains, along the central upper tiers, a
glass-inclosed cafe for the serving of
light refreshments, in full view of the
field. The entire area underneath the
seat tiers is devoted to a perfectly ap
pointed lunch counter and restaurant.
This latter has a ladies' dressing-room
adjoining with a maid in constant at
tendance.
The betting ring and general bar are
housed in a light and airy structure at
the northerly end of the grand stand,
on a portion of the platform, forty feet
wide by 120 feet long. This building
also contains rooms for ihe judge and
slippers, private rooms for the manage
ment and a general storeroom. It is
designed with a view of affording a
full and uninterrupted view of the
field, with full protection from the
elements to those congregated therein.
At the rear of the grand stand is the
kitchen, in a building twenty-five feet
wide by forty feet long. It is thor
oughly appointed and has a large store
room in the basement.
A Sovereign Remedy.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. 1 dose will stop
cough; never fails; 25c: all druggists. *
STORE KEEPERS* ASSIGNMENTS.
Collector Lynch Makes His Quarter
ly Changes Where They Will
Do the Most Good.
Internal Rcvphup Collector Lynch has
made the following assignments of store
keepers to take effect on March 1:
General Bonded Warehouse No. 1, John
McEnerney: Special Bonded Warehouse
No. 1, Michael Finn; Special Bonded
Warehouse No. 6, H. Gutstadt and Thom
as Cusick: Special Bonded Warehouse
No. 8, Ben Ash; Golden Gate Distillery,
A. Rlchter of Fresno; Special Bonded
Warehouse at Stockton. 11. K. Robin;
Special Bonded Warehouse at San Jose,
William Dwyer; Special Bonded W are
he use at Fresno. Walter Morrlssey of
Stockton; Special Bonded Warehouse at
Los Angeles, J. F. Barham.
It is rumored that H. K. Robin will bo
dropped after a month or so and an old
soldier a personal friend of Collector
Lynch, will be put in his place.
Asks for a Dismissal.
Mrs. Violet Monnier has applied to the
courts through > her attorney, , Henry E.
Highton. to " dismiss the complaint of
George Monnier to annul her marriage to
George Monnier Jr., on the ground: that
he was under age when the ceremony was
performed. The motion .to dismiss ils
made on technical ground*. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
STANFORD WINS
THE THIRD GAME
Baseball Pyrotechnics and
Plenty of Bad
Plays.
The Alumni Nine Is Treated
Again to Some Bitter
Medicine.
College Men Sport on the Mud and
Dream of the National
Game.
When the umpire called play on the
Stanford-Alumni baseball nines yester
day afternoon at Central Park, there
were by actual accounting 200 specta
tors In the stands. Before half the
game was finished this number had
thinned down by half. At the close of
the ninth inning not more than 60 read
the score on the boards — Stanford, 19;
Alumni, 11.
From the standpoint of attendance
the college games this year can hardly
be termed glittering successes. Enthu
siasm is even lacking, and the players
act as if they wished it was over long
before the nine innings have been con
cluded. The game yesterday began by
the Alumni going out In one. two, three
order. Then Stanford worked the
stick for two runs. In the second in
ning the Alumni again failed to score.
It was now the Cardinals' time to cover
themselves with mud and glory, and
they certainly achieved gigantic Suc
cess, as to the first, by some beautiful
base sliding and, as to the second, by
shoveling up a pile of eleven runs.
Nothing but Red men coursed the
bases. Five balls, the aggregate cost of
which amounted to the money received
at the gate, floated over the several
fences, and broke the hearts of the
managers.
Losing balls was a trick, the key to
which Stanford's nine did not hold ex
clusive of all others. When the Alum
ni came to the bat in the third inning
they in turn began chasing from bag
to bag, and, aided by the errors of the
college men, they scored nine runs.
From this point the game dragged on
slowly for two hours and thirty min
utes. Twice the continuance of the
game was put in jeopardy, once when
the supply of balls gave out, and the
second time when a rain cloud threat
ened to drop on Central Park.
The game was featureless except for
the abundance of errors both sides
made.
The score Is as follows:
Stanford. AB. R. 18. SB. PO. A. E
Strohn, c 6 3 2 2 9 3 1
Edwards, 3b 14 0 2 0 0 3
Young, lb -6 2 4 3 14 1 3
Chandler, cf 5 2 1 0 1 0 0
Ijeougheed, as 6 0 0 0 0 6 2
Rood, rf 6 110 0 3 0
Harris, 2b 5 110 10 0
Klauber. If 5-3 1 2 10 0
Beckett, p 0 0 1 • 0 « 0
Lanagan, p 2 3 0 118 2
Total 43 19 11 10 27 18 11
Alumni. < AB. R. 18. SB. PO. A. M.
Sheehan, If 4 110 10 1
Lewis. 8S 3 112 3 2 5
Elston. c 6 2 0 0 5 2 1
Allen, lb 5 2 0 0 8 0 0
Holladay, p. 2b 5 0 0 0 0 4 0
McKee, Sb ....2 1 10 0 14
Wheeler, rf. p 5 12 2 0 0 1
Calhoun, cf 4 1 0 0 2 0 0
Ireland, If, 2b.. 4 2 0 16 8 l
Total ." 37 11 6 5 24 12 13
Summary: Bases on balls — By Holladay 6.
A FEW SCENES ON THE FIELD.
Wheeler 1. Lanasan 6. Passed balls— Strohn
3. Wild pitch— I>anagan 1. Double plays—Hol
la<lay to Ireland to Allen, 2. Struck out— By
Holladay 3. by Lanagan o, Beckett 2. Um
pire—Bill Lange.
SEBVIANS AT WAR.
Editor Piskulich Is Not Seriously
Injured by His Coming in Con
tact With Radulovich's Hand.
"Carrying the war into Africa" is but
child's play compared with the volcano
liable to break out between the Croatian
factions in this city when Editor L. W.
Plskulich of the Hrvatska Sloga returns
from his trip in the Slough City.
The cause of Editor Piskulich's sudden
departure to Stockton a few dayS ago
was given in The Call Thursday. Since
then his manager, J. R. Callahan, gives
another account of the fray, which is that
the good right hand of Radulovich did
not come in contact with the editor's face
but fell short several inches. The only
damage done to the Hrvatska Sloga was
the breaking of two panes of glass in the
office window.
But from present appearances this little
skirmish is only preliminary to a great
battle that is likely to take place on the
return of the editor from Stockton. In
the meantime Manager Callahan will in
voke the strong arm of the law to have
Radulovich "Jugged" for battery and an
attempt to commit divers offenses against
the peace and dignity of the colony of
Croatian* in the City and County of San
Francisco.
Be the outcome or the present trouble
what it may. it i» certain that the Ser
vian colony iP split open, and all over the
sudden death of Samuel Martinovich, a
wealthy Montana miner, who was as
phyxiated in his room in the New Europe
House, on the night of his arrival in this
city. Martinovich was a man of means,
as the Coroner found among his effects
a draft for $1600. but not one dollar in
coin This is what has brought about the
trouble in the colony, as the friends of
the dead man allege that some person had
been to his room and took care of his
loose coin.
In this kettle of fish the names of R#.
dulovich, Bakulich and Piskulich are all
mixed up in a general mess over the
<k-ath of Martinovich.
And as ea<h faction has its friends it
is evident that a social split will follow,
if nothing more. Now that Callahan, the
manager of Hrvatska Sloga, has drawn
his Hibernian sword, there is apparently
no end to the Servian war short of com
plete annihilation of one or the other of
the warring faction*
In the meantime a sharp lookout is be
ing kept for the return of Editor Pisku
llch from the Slouch City, as he may stop
at Bonicia and procure from the United
States armory a few gatling guns. The
end is not yet.
MISSIONARIES
FOR THE KLONDIKE
Father Rene, S. J., Goes to
Europe for Assistants in
His Work.
Thay Have Already Built a Church
Hospital and School
There.
Shortly after the Klondike excitement
in this city there arrived from the gold
fields Father Rene of the Society of
Jesus, who had been a tireless missionary
in the wilds nf Alaska.
In that country he was the assistant of
Father Tosi. who was prefect apostolic
of Alaska, hut on the sudden death of
that holy man one morning as he was
celebrating mass, Father Rene was ap
pointed to his position. He left this city
some weekfi ;igo and went to New York,
and from that city he sailed yesterday
week for Europe on the French liner La
Gascogne.
It is his intention to go to Pans and
Home to obtain fr<>m the heads of the
Jesuit fathers, to which order he belongs,
at least ten more assistants for work on
the Klondike in a missionary line.
The fathers that were already there
have finished a hospital, schoolhouse and
church. The buildings art- made of logs.
The hospital is two stories high, and is
under the care of Father Judge. It has
twenty-six patients, who are nursed by
the miners, who, after their labors, come
in and nurse their sick brethren.
Several sisters of the order of St. Anne
have started for the Klondike regions,
but owing to the hardships will not be
able to reach there until spring.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons",
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
FOUGHT OFF A BRUTE.
Olga Schnitzleln, a Pretty Girl,
Swears Out a Warrant for the
Arrest of Carl Hayes.
Olga Schnitzlein. a pretty girl 16 years
of age. whose parent? live at 933 Clay
street, swore to a complaint In Judge Joa
chimsen's court on Friday, for the arrest
of Carl Hayes on a charge of attempt-
Ing to commit a criminal assault upon
her. The bonds were fixed at JT>OOO.
The girl is employed by Mrs. Ros
enberg, 1518 Fell street, to take care of
her young children. Hayes is employed
by a grocer on Devisadero and Fell
streets and on Wednesday afternoon he
called at Mrs. Rosenberg's to deliver
some groceries. There was no one in the
house at the time except Olga and one of
the small children. She opened the door
and taking two of the parcels from Hayes
went to the kitchen, Hayes following her.
Learning that she was alone in the house,
Hayes attempted to assault her. He put
his hand over her mouth to prevent her
from screaming and she fought desper
ately for a long time, as she thought. She
managed to finally get away from him and
began to scream for help, which made
Hayes run out of the house.
She went to the park and meeting a
park policeman told him of what had oc
curred. He said he could do nothing, and
advised her to swear out a warrant in one
of the courts in the morning. Later she
told Mrs. Rosenberg, who Instructed her
to go home and tell her father. He went
gunning for Hayes Wednesday night, but
could not find him. He accompanied his
daughter to the Police Court on Friday,
and is still vowing vengeance against
Hayes.
: ;-■' ADVERTISEMENTS.
VERY RIDICULOUS PRICES
At the BIRTHDAY SALE.
Despite the inclement 'weather, thousands of customers thronged our store, taking advan-
tage of the "Ridiculous Prices" marked upon the reliable merchandise in commemoration of
our BIRTHDAY SALE. The Baldwin Clothiers have already achieved the name of being "always
the cheapest," and a glance at the show windows as you pass by will convince all that the
prices upon garments displayed is merely a tell-tale of the values inside. Commencing TO-
MORROW, CLOTHING, HATS AND FURNISHINGS, all that is. new and up to date, will be on sale
not only at " Ridiculous Prices," but cheaper than any house in the United States dare quote you.
HERE ARE SOME PRICES THAT WILL INTEREST INTENDING PURCHASERS : _
Men's Regular $15 Suits, in sacks j Men's Regular $10 and $12 Suits,
and frocks, cut in height of fashion,veruelegantlu tailored, in tweeds, cheviots
stylish and handsome cat-^» |p and cassimeres, Overcoats, ip
terns, Overcoats and Ulsters Of |h in Kerseus and Meltons, Bit In
also go at this A I _ also 00 at this mil _
Ridiculous Price VI — Ridiculous Price V v —
Men's Regular $7,50 Sack Suits,well Men's Regular $12 and $15 English
made, choice patterns, as shown in our Court Tod Coats, superbly . made and
mammoth windows, $7.50^^ ir trimmed, each garment a. ftp
Ulsters, in dark colors, cut Bl'J |h guaranteed to fit per- PL Qh
extra long, also go at this A. fectly A § B*J*J8 *J*J
Ridiculous-Price ▼**- "I Ridiculous Price V**~
Regular $5 Youths' Suits, Regular $2,00 Bous 1 Suits, Regular $2,00 Men's Trou-
In veru choice pat- ." . ages 4 to 14. Dark sers, in choice patterns,
terns, ~ C|iBs j colors and yer U deslr- CRp ! all cheviot, sizes up to CRfi
Ridiculous Price 01— ahle. DJu 40, waist measure, Dub
Regular $2,00 Hats, In Der- | Regular $1,00 Sweaters, Regular 50c Blouse Waists,
hies and Fedoras, black ! Bous 1 sizes only, colors ; newest spring patterns,
and Drown, • 7Rp j nayu ' maroon, white. EC all sizes. (Rn
Ridiculous Price IJu I Ridiculous Price uJb ! Ridiculous Price IJU
Reoular 35c Overalls for c«K"lSiwSoto I Men's reaular * Tennis
Bobs, with Did, blue and Tctf?om su tah'lef uouno ! Flannel Overshlrts ' elegant
brown, 9-oz. denim, fnitpV mfn' nnfl linis' " Bo ° as ' extra heavy new
Ridiculous jC« | ' a . d ' eS| men s and ms .- sprlna pallerns, . OCp
Price lOC I Wear " Rla , culous Price lOC j RldlculousPrlce Z3C
♦♦♦♦ « ***!■ w T m UC? ¥"V A f ITWILTMI^I
i JlA^.:l Attended to THERALDWIN
:: yvvaii « ill l— 4 KVni^iy ▼ ▼ ill
<> : ■ ■ 1^;.i.^1 % . care, giving *< I ■.'.-*■-. - | M ' : '
" lIK"H^KQ particular at- " M tKKKMMKBBB Jm^^ BBMBMBWWBSnaKllfi'l^^^Hitatlffilga
" V^l Uv*! W tention tofill- M * '
I: ,naof all order, for a. \\, "ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST"
<> advertised. Price list, tapeline, <•
I p^tet^memorTndunr^ntVost : : Clothiers, flatters, Furnishers and Complete Klondike Outfitters
Ur.^.r": 11 * ;...>.. >>i 924-930 Market Street, San Francisco, Cat.
DARK NICHTS
IN EACH MONTH
How the Funds for Street
Lights Will Be Saved
to the City.
Supervisors Are to Exercise
the Most Rigid Sort of
Economy.
A Suggestion or Mayor Phelan's That
Was Not Greeted With
Favor.
Until the end of the fiscal year San
Francisco will be without street lights
for one-third of the time, in order that
the deficit in the street light fund may
not become too great. This was de
cided at a meeting of a committee of
the Board of Supervisors having this
matter in charge held yesterday.
Heretofore four nights a month.
namely, the night of full moon and the
wo nights preceding 1 it and the night
following: have been designated as
periods when the gas should be shut
off, but in the face of a threatened
deficit it has been found necessary to
increase the number of dark nights.
Four nights will be added to the period
of darkness before full moon and two
days to that thereafter.
The matter was discussed thoroughly
before the committee yesterday. Rep
resentatives of ' las Company stat
ed that by shnttiug off the gas for the
extra six nights a savingof s23.s92could
be effected, and that the estimated de
ficiency of $27,583 would be materially
reduced.
Mayor Phelan wanted to know
whether it would not be possible to
shut off the lights in the hilly and out
lying districts for a longer period than
ten days, but it was represented to him
that such a proceeding would be an
encouragement to burglars and foot
pads, and he did not pursue the sub
ject any further.
Dr. Rottanzi of the Finance Commit
tee stated that every effort would be
made to cut down the deficits in the
various funds, and that if rigid econ
omy was practiced the shortage for the
present year might be reduced to a
large extent.
It was decided to hold another meet
ing of the Street Light Committee
previous to the meeting of the board
to-morrow, and it may be possible that
the number of nights of darkness will
be slightly increased.
FANCY DRINKING GLASSES.
Nathan Dohrmann's Porter Ar-
rested for Carrying Away the
Company's Property.
Otto Pottkammer, * porter in the em
ploy of Nathan Dohrmann & Co., at 122
Sutter street, was arrested yesterday by
Police Officer J. B. Freel upon the charge
of stealing the property of the company
while acting as a porter.
Pottkammer had led something of a
dual life, in this, that while he was en
gaged as a porter during the daytime he
was a partner in a Barbary Coast saloon
known as the "Qoldfield," at the junction
of Kearny street and Montgomery ave
nue. This place he attended during the
night time, dealing out foaming steam
beer to the class of customers that pat
ronize the ragged edge of the tenderloin.
He had been employed in the firm for
the past three months, and got the job
on the representation made by him to the
firm that he had a sick wife and a large
family of helpless children depending on
him for support. Through this means he
secured the sympathy of the managers of
the firm and worked himself into thoir |
good graces. How long he might have
continued to enjoy this is problematic,
were it not for the sharp eye of Officer ;
Freel, who detected in the barroom of the I
"Goldfleld" a class of drinking glasses |
wholly out of keeping with the charac
ter of the place, as they were of the very
best description of French flint, with gold
rims. Vases in keeping with the style of
the drinking glasses were placed on the
shelves behind the bar as an attraction
to the surroundings. These articles being
foreign to the fixtures of a Barbary Coast
saloon excited the curiosity of the officer
to that degree that he started in to in
vestigate, with the result already told. A
further consignment of stolen goods was
found in the rooms of Pottkammer's
best girl, "Dutch" Lena, in the Cashman
House on Broadway, between Kearny
and Montgomery streets. Here the
choicest of the stolen goods were found,
including fancy boxes, vases, cutlery.
etc.
As soon as Officer Freel had locked
Pottkammer up in the California street
station he notified Nathan Dohrmann of
the arrest and the discovery he had
made. The information was doubted at
first and the veracity of the officer ques
tioned, but when he gave a description of
the goods found and a history of the man
charged with the taking of them a nota
ble change came over the minds of the
proprietors.
When questioned In the prison regard
ing the matter Pottkammer admitted hia
guilt, but said that he purchased a por
tion of the goods and stole the remainder,
alleging that he considered them of hut
very little value. "It is nothing more than
any other man woulrl do under similar
circumstances," he said.
Money Loaned on TJ. S. Bonds.
The sum of $12.M0 was loaned out of the
sinking fund of the city and county on
United States bonds at 3 per cent per
annum for thirty days.
The bonds of the I'nited States. State
of California or those of the city and
county are the only securities on which
the sinking fund may be loaned, and
there is now a sum 'exceeding $110,000
available for loans of this character.
New Mining Company.
The Golden Jubileo Mining Company in*
corporated yesterday with a capital stock
of jooO.OOO. The directors are: A. L. Em
ery. Charles H. Burck, F. E. Sohober, W.
W. McN'air and Ethel S. Emery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TSTHK WORKING CAPITAL OFHT'MAXITY '.
■■• He who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your ',
health filing you? Your strength, ambitiou,
vigor, vitality wasting away?. :• •
.£«5 FAIi -
DOCTOR SWE ANY
" 737 MARKET STREET^
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL..
For the speedy, safeand permanent cure of all '
NERVOUS, CHRONICandPRIVATE
• Diseasea, even in their most aggravated forms. •
There is no physician in the world who has
effected so many permanent cures, muny of
which other physicians of acknowledged ability
had given up as hopeless.
NERVOUS DEBILITY S&£?S
menta of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED MM] OLD ,
, MEN. Tho awful effects of neglected or improp-
erly treated" cases causing drains, weakness of
the body and brain,' dizziness, failing memory,,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the back,,
loins and kidneys and many other distressing
symptoms, unfitting one- for study, business, mar-
riage or enjoyment of life. : Doctor Bweany can
cure you, no matter who or what has failed, sj^gs*
UfSTASf BJECU He restores lost vigor and
If bfili IflLlll vitality to weak men Organs
of the body which have been weakened or shrunk-
en through diseases, overwork, excesses or Indis-
cretions are restored to full power, strength and
vigor by his own successful system of treatment. ■
DIIDTIIO*E Cured by his new method wlth-
IfUf I UslSs out knife, truss or detention
from work— a painless,»i;ure and permanent cure.
If ADIPAPEI C Hydrocele, swelling and
■ HUSUvVVLM tenderness of the glanda
treated with unfailing success. ..'..-«
CVDUII IC "' ;c!l diseases of the blood
31 1 111 blO promptly and thoroughly cured
and every trace of the poison eradicated from the
system by Dr. Sw«*ny's own successful treatment
PRIVATE DISEASES, Inflammation.
rnllAlkUEOkfld&ldf discharges.
strictures. : which >If - neglected or improperly
treated break down the system, cause kidney and.-,
DISEASES OF WOMEN,.^
■ial attention given to all their many ailments. .•
UfblTC If yon are aware of :iny trouble
if 111 Itl BO NOT DELAY; cull on Dr.
Sweanv to-day If you cannot call, write him. His
»:ilu.-!bie Look free to all sufferers.
IONSaLTATIO^IRJE^I
oftVe or by letter. F L. SWEANY. M, D., T-2
Harket StT, opposite Grant aye. **n Francisco, C*V
Hoars ato 1-. -to 5, 7 to 8; Sundays 10 to IX : -
78
ATTEMPT
TO MURDER
KING GEORGE
Greece's Ruler and
the Princess Maria
Fired Upon.
Shot at Repeatedly by
Two Men While Out
for a Drive.
Charge Intended for Them
Wounds One of Their
Footmen.
BRAVERY OF THE KING.
Shields His Daughter by Standing
Before Her During the
Fusillade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ATHENS. Feb. 2f>.— The King was re
turning from Phalenum at "> o'clock
this evening in a landau, accompanied
by the Princess Maria, when two men
who were bidden in a ditch alongside
the road opened fire with guns upon the
occupants of the carriage. The first
shot missed, but the second wounded
a t"'>"tman in the arm. The coachman
whipped up his horses and the royal
party dashed away at a gallop. The
miscreants fired seven more shots after
them, none of which took effect, and
the Kins and the Princess returned to
the palace unhurt.
The King says that one of the assas
sins was dressed in gray clothing, ar.d
his Majesty declares that he could
easily Identify him.
When the second shot whizzed past
the carriage the King arose and stood
in front of his daughter, in order to
shield her. one of the horses was
slightly wounded. One of the assail
ants knelt in the middle of the road
and aimed straight at the King, who
noticed that the man's hand was shak
ing. The shot missed and the King had
a rlear view of this man, who, his? Ma
jesty says, was barety 20 years old. He
continued to fire after the carriage un
til it was out of range. His compan
ion did not leave the ditch.
As soon as the news became known
all the leading politicians hastened to
the palace to express their congratula
tions over the escape of King George
and the Princess Maria. The action of
his Majesty in shielding the Princess at
the risk of his life has aroused great
enthusiasm.
A cadet who was on horseback some
distance behind the royal carriage heard
the Bhooting and galloped to the scene
in time to see the. King's assailant
fleeing in the direction of Hymedus.
Strong parties are searching the dis
trict for the assassins.
M. Delyannis and M. Kalli, former
Premiers, were among the first to ar
rive at the palace to offer their con
gratulations. At half past 9 o'clock the
metropolitan held a thanksgiving ser
vice in the palace. The Queen knelt.
Bobbing, throughout the service. A
solemn to denm will be held to-mor
row, at which all The members of the
royal family will attend.
All of the diplomats and personages
of prominence have called at the pal
ace. His Majesty said to them that the
subversive propaganda of certain jour
nals had brought about deplorable re
sults. King George and his eldest son,
Frince Constantino, have been very un
popular since the overwhelming defeat
inflicted upon the Greek army by the
Turks last year.
Shortly after midnight the police
were on the track of the club of which
the Kinp's assailants are members. The
assassins were chosen by lot. It is ex
pected several arrests will shortly be
made.
VISALIA YOUNG
LADY DISAPPEARS
Miss Meta Baker Sought in
Vain by Relatives and
Friends.
Special r>ispatch to The Call.
VISALIA, Feb. 26.— The fire bells in this j
city were rung for a short time at mid
night last night. The alarm was given to [
summon help for the purpose of searching
for Miss Meta Baker, an estimable young
lady, 22 years old, who had suddenly dis- j
appeared from her home.
Miss Baker had left home in the after- ]
noon to go for the mail. As she did not
return her mother thought she had called
to Bee a neighbor. But when darkness i
came all the family became alarmed, es- j
peclally when it was found that she had
not been to any of the neighbors' houses, i
The young lady's brother drove out to j
the home of a friend in the country and
a force of over fifty men went out in al! ,
directions with lanterns and remained out j
most of the night, but without success.
This morning it was learned that a girl :
answering the description of Miss Baker !
had purchased a ticket for San Fijincisco i
and had gone north on the Valtey road I
passenger train that leaves here about 1 j
o'clock in the afternoon. She had no bag- ;
gage, no grip and not even a wrap. Of- j
fleers In Stockton and San Francisco were j
notified of her disappearance and this
afternoon her brother boarded a train for j
Stockton in search of his sister.
Miss Baker never exhibited any desire ]
to leave home before. Her parents can
ehe no reason for this action. She- has
been In ill health for about a year, and
it is thought she left while suffering from
a fit of mental aberration. She is small
of stature and looks younger than she
really is. She taught school in lowa be- i
fore coming here with her mother two
years ago. Her sudden disappearance has
caused a profound sensation and great '
sympathy is expressed for the afflicted :
family.
When the disappearance of Miss Baker
was reported at police headquarters in j
this city it was intimated that the young !
lady had been mentally deranged for \
many months past. Captain Bohen has j
given instructions that a strict watch be j
kept for the missing woman, but as yet ;
no special detectives have been detailed i
on the case. It is the general supposition j
that Miss Baker has gone to Ssiockton.
FITZSIMMONS SAYS
HE WILL MEET M'COY.
CLEVELAND, Feb. 26.— Champion Bob
Fitzslmmons expresses a willingness to
fight Kid McCoy. Fitzsimmons says:
"I will fight McCoy any time he puts
up enough money to make it worth my
while. McCoy and Ruhlin have no more
right to fight for the championship than
a yellow flog. I will fight McCoy any
second he puts up th£ stuff. McCoy is
a miserable upstart. He has been a little
successful and it has made him daffy.
The Kid has the swell head and he thinks
he is in the heavy- weight class. I will
■how him how to fight if he has the long
»reen to back up his bluff."
HURLS ITS
INSULTS AT
HONEST MEN
San Jose Mercury At
tacks New Char
ter Club.
Speaks of That Body as
a Combination of
Blatherskites.
Organ of the " Gang " Vitupera
tive in Discussing the
Campaign.
TRIES TO FOMENT STRIFE.
Efforts to Create Discord in the
Organization Fail of Their
Purpose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 26.— That the ticket
selected by the New Charter Club is
i an exceedingly strong one and virtually
! invincible is shown by the attitude as
sumed toward it by the Mercury, the
acknowledged organ of the "gang."
While perfectly willing to wound, it
; dare not strike any one of the gentle
| men who have been made part of the
I city ticket by the friends of the new
charter and of good government. By
i reason of the known probity and abil
j ity of each and every one of
! the candidates named the Mer
cury has been forced into a position
where It must put up men of straw as
a target for its peculiar style of men
j dacious warfare.
For the past two days it has devoted
columns to vilifying certain individ
uals who have long been lending ef
ficient aid to the cause of good govern
! ment, but who have not been nor have
sought to be leaders, as the organ of
the gang has endeavored to make the
: people believe. It has also brought into
! the fight the name of at least one j
j person who is not a member of the
I New Charter Club at all, and has i
| thereby hoped to bring discredit on
that organization. It has also, by in- j
j nuendo and indirection attacked the |
1 New Charter Club as a whole by mak- j
ing deliberate mlsstatements concern- j
i ing it. But throughout its many col- |
umns of unfair criticism and malicious !
abuse it has not had the temerity to j
assail a single one of the candidates j
named by the New Charter Club.
No one who understands the relations I
existing between the "gang" and the |
Mercury under its present management i
; is in any decree surprised at the stand '
the newspaper has taken. Had it taken I
' any other course than opposition to j
; the g(X>d government movement there j
would have been cause for wonderment
by the people of San Jose.
There is one thing to be said in fa
vor erf the Mercury— people always j
know where it will stand when there
is an issue up in which the "gang" is
interested. In the course of an article
to-day the "gang" organ says:
"Many of the members of the New j
! Charter Club either live in the suburbs
i or outside of the city."
This is denied by the president of the !
club. It is true that three members [
are not actual residents within th^ j
: present limits of the city of San Jose, j
but they hope that under the admin- j
lstration of the officers who will be
: elected through the efforts of the New j
Charter Club and kindred organizations ;
there will soon be a Greater San Jose, ;
and that they will be residents within
Its boundaries.
At one point in this same article the
feeling of bitter animosity toward the j
New Charter Club is manifested by a j
reference to that organization as a
| "combination of political blather
skites."
The Mercury is doing all In its power
to foment trouble and discord among
the members of the New Charter Club
and between that organization and oth
er bodies which are working in co-op
eration with it, but up to the present
time its efforts are without success and
without hope of success. All that it
has accomplished has been to impress
upon the people at large the strength of
the New Charter Club ticket, and to
announce to the public that the "gang"
is "agin it." In all its vaporings not
one word has been said against the
honesty or integrity of any individual
connected with the New Charter Club.
Petitions in the interest of the candi
dates of the New Charter Club were
placed in circulation to-day. Every
candidate, no matter how nominated,
must file a petition with the City Clerk
at least twenty days before the day
of election. It is believed the New
Charter Club petitions will be ready,
with the necessary number of signa
ture?, for filing early next week.
All citizens who have moved since
the last election are being urged by
the members of the New Charter Club
to reregister before March 12.
It is now the general report that the
"gang" will be back of the following
candidates: C. J. Martin, for Mayor;
J. W. Cook, for City Clerk; J. N. Ew
ing, for City Treasurer; J. D. Miner,
for Councilman-at-large. Cook and
Ewing are incumbents of the respec
tive offices for which they are named.
NICARAGUA BELIEVED TO
HAVE DECLARED WAR.
Cable Company of Panama Refuses
to Accept Messages for Costa
Rica.
Copyrighted. ISSB, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Feb. 26.— The action of the
cable company here, with reference to
messages for Costa Rica, leads to the
conclusion that war has been, or soon '
will be, declared between Costa Rica j
and Nicaragua. A notice to the public
was posted yesterday, to the effect that
messages for Costa Rica would be re- I
ceived only at the senders' risk, in t
plain language and subject to censor- i
ship at San Juan del Sur. The cable j
company posted this afternoon another
notice stating that no messages would J
be accepted for Costa Rica until fur- j
ther notice.
The posting of this notice has caused
great interest here as it is generally
understood to mean that Costa Rica's
reply to the diet of the Greater Re
public of Central America is unsatis
factory and that the relations between
Nicaragua and Costa Rica have been
definitely severed. This leads to the
conclusion that war has been declared
between the two countries, or that a
formal declaration of war will be made
within the next few days.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
DYNAMITE
PLACED ON
THE RAILS
Attempt to VSfreek an
Overland Train in
Arizona.
Tramp Seeks Awful Re
venge for a Fancied
Wrong.
First Blows Up a Section of the
Track, Then Places More
Explosives.
FOUND JUST IN TIME.
Track-Walker Prevents a Catas
trophe and the Culprit Is
Captured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLIAMS. Ariz., Feb. 21— That
section of the Santa Fe Pacific be
tween this point and Ash Fork known
as the "Hill,' on which the late tunnel
disasters occurred, came near being
the scene of a frightful wreck. The de
tals, meager and unsatisfactory, have
been unknown untid to-day, when the
fiend who attempted to wreak his ven
geance on the railroad because he was
ejected from a freight train was
brought to Williams from Congress,
where he was captured after a hard
chase by the Sheriff.
When the freight train in charge of
Conductor Low was ready to proceed
westward from Crowley a boxcar pas
senger was discovered crouching be
tween the cars and was ejected from
the train. As he alighted on the
ground he cursed the crew and the
railroad company, avowing that he
would have revenge, and had it not
been for the timely arrival of the track
walker his revenge would have been
the demolition of the westbound ex
press, No. 1, which was due in fifteen
minutes. The track walker made the
terrifying discovery that several yards
of track had been blown up and that
ten feet of the rail was missing and a
piece over a foot in length was found
fully 200 feet from the scene of the ex
plosion. There were evidences that
enough dynamite had been used to
cause wholesale destruction. The sec
tion man found two sticks of dynamite
under the head of the switch stand.
He flagged the train and immedi
ately reported his discovery and Sher
iff Cameron was notified. The Sheriff
followed the culprit to Ash Fork and
thence to Jerome Junction, where he
lost him in the darkness. He was lo
cated later at Congress, where he was
arrested. The railroad is determined
that he shall be punished to the full
extent of the law, and besides District
Attorney Clark, E. L. Doe of Flagstaff
was retained aa prosecuting attorney.
Oscar Gibson and J. E. Jones of that
place represent the defendant.
Public feeling runs very high and
had the fellow been captured at the
time of his crime he would have fared
badly at the hands of the train men
and the citizens, who plainly showed
their feeling at the trial. The express
train was unning down hill at the
rate of fifty miles an hour and had it
crashed into the break in the track,
with two sticks of dynamite ready to
explode when it passed over, the loss
of life would have been appalling.
Such a crime but a few years ago in
Arizona would have been the signal
for a lynching, but in these later days
justice is allowed to take its course.
At the hearing it was shown that the
dynamite used by the man was ob
tained by him from the rock blasting
near Ash Fork, where he had been em
ployed a short time before. He seemed
to thoroughly understand its use and
evidently was prepared in case he
should be thrown from a train. At the
hearing he showed no feeling what
ever and did not seem to realize the
extent of the crime that he had com
mitted, having the idea that he was
justified in his revenge. His only re
gret was that his diabolical scheme
had not been successful. After the
evidence was all in he was placed un
der $5000 bonds to await trial. He was
escorted to the train and taken to
Flagstaff.
ADAMS WILL SOON
LEARN HIS FATE
Findings of the Court Martial
Forwarded to the Navy
Department.
The Officer Detained Under Arrest
on Board the Monterey at
San Diego.
Sperlal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 26.— The trial by
court-martial of Lieutenant-Com
mander Charles A. Adams, executive
officer of the Monterey, on the charge
of intoxication was finished yesterday.
The finding and decision of the court
have been forwarded to Washington
for approval, and it will be at least
two weeks before the final result of the
court-martial is known even to the of
ficers directly interested.
Lieutenant-Commander Adams, who
is considered a very able officer, and
was popular with the crew, was acting
captain of the Monterey for a day, two
or three weeks ago, and while in that
capacity, it is reported, he became in
toxicated. He was under the influence
of liquor when Captain Clark returned
to the ship, and met Captain Clark at
the gangway.
Captain Clark was so indignant over
the flagrant conduct of Lieutenant
Commander Adams that he ordered him
to his room, where he has since re
mained under arrest. He will be kept
under that restraint until the finding
of the court is heard from at Wash-
ington.
Lieutenant Commander Adams was
once before placed under arrest and
confined to his room for intemperance.
That was about four months ago, when
he arrived from the East under assign
ment to the Monterey, while the moni
tor lay at Portland. He is said to have
become intoxicated almost as soon as
he went aboard, as a result of which
indiscretion he was contined <*» hU
room.
LEFT THE
VESSEL TO
SEEK AID
Officer and Nine Men
of La Champagne
Picked Up.
Report the Liner Disabled
Off Newfoundland
Banks.
Dispatched by Their Captain to
Hail Some Passing
Vessel.
SIX DAYS IN A LIFEBOAT.
Almost Dead From Exposure When
Sighted by the Steamship
Rotterdam.
■
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— The Holland-
American line steamer Rotterdam, from
Rotterdam, arrived at quarantine to
night with third ofli.vr George Uns
worth and nine seamen of the overdue
French liner La Champagne, who were
picked up from a lifeboat on Thursday,
February 24, in latitude 40.l north, lon
gitude 57 west.
The men when taken aboard the Rot
terdam' were in a helpless condition,
having been in the ship's lifeboat for
six days and nights. They were all
more or less frostbitten. Unsworth said
that La Champagne broke her tail-end
shaft on Thursday, February 1", at 5
p. m., in latitude 45:57. longitude 51:52.
The steamship being in a helpless con
dition Captain Perrot anchored. The
steamship was on the edge of the New
foundland banks, and. there being a
possibility of her not being picked up
in her position, Captain Perrot decided
to send a lifeboat in Ft-arch of assist
ance.
On the morning of the 18th, the life
boat being fully provisioned, Unsworth
and his crew of nine men left the ship
in the hope of Intercepting some pass
ing steamship. The weather proved
tempestuous, with intense cold. A sharp
lookout was kept for passing vessels,
but none were seen. The crew kept to
the oars and for six days worked with
might and main, but, owing to the cold
and exposure, became wellnigh ex
hausted.
On the 24th, at 1 p. m., the Rotter
dam bore down and stood by and with
no little difficulty rescued all hands.
La Champagne experienced strong
head winds up to February 17, when
the tail-end shaft gave way. When the
accident occurred th- best of order pre
vailed. The steamship was perfectly
tight and not mak:M; any water. The ;
passengers, on bei.g informed of the
accident to the mnchinery, were per
fectly calm and the best of order pre
vailed.
La Champagne carried 304 passengers,
48 being cabin, 53 second_ cabin, 203
steerage and a crew of 175.
DIERSON MUST
PROVIDE BEANS
11l Luck of a Man Who Con
tracted to Supply Folsom
Prison.
Held to His Agreement, Though the
Price of the Staple Has Gone
Skyward.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOLSOM, Feb. 26.— The meeting of
the State Board of Prison Directors to
day was attended by Chairman Fitz
gerald and Members Wilkins and Ray,
Director Devlin being absent from the
State. D. Dierson of Sacramento ap
peared before the board, and asked for
a modification of his contract for Bayo
beans. The unexpected demand for this
commodity by reason of the Klondike
excitement had rendered it almost im
possible to procure the quantity con
tracted for, and the price at the pres
ent time had gone up to $3 25, the con
tract price being $1 57. The board ex
pressed sympathy for Dierson, but be
yond that he received little consolation.
The board could see no way to release
Dierson or to modify his contract, con
sequently he will be compelled to sup
ply the State with beans on the con
tract price.
"vvhen the question of considering the
proposed bids on the contract for a new
boiler to be used in connection with
the rock crusher came up. Chairman
Fitzgerald said that, as some misap
prehension seemed to have arisen as to
whether the board should make any
distinction between an Eastern ana
California-made boiler, he suggested
that new specifications be drawn, pub
lication for bids be again made and the
present bids rejected, returned to the
respective bidders and not given pub
licity. The motion was carried, after
which the board went into executive
session and adjourned after auditing
the February claims.
OPENS PRISON GATES
FOR PETTY OFFENDERS.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 26.— The decision
given by Judge Van Dyke yesterday that
the Police Courts of this city are ille
gally constituted has precipitated a seri
ous state of affairs, and will probably re
sult in a demand for a new law by the
next State Legislature. The Police Judges
were elected as City Justices also, and
thus occupied a dual position. Yesterday
they took up the criminal business of the
city as City Justices when they learned
that their positions as Police Judges were
invalid. To-day the question of their
standing as City Justices is raised.
They were elected under an amendment
to section 103 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure, which provides that cities of over
15.000 inhabitants and less than 34.000 shall
elect one justice, and of over 34.000 and
under 100,000 shall elect two justices.
When they wtre elected there had been
no census taken showing the population
of Lob Angeles to be over 100,000, but sub
sequently a census has shown it to be
over 100.000. The question now raised is
whether they have been legally in office
since the taking of the census. It is con
ceded that after their present term the
city cannot have City Justices.
I nder the decision declaring the Police
Judges illegally in office the chaingang
must be done away with, a number of
persons now serving sentence can be re
leased by habeas corpus proceedings, and
many other results of a like nature fol
low.
ZOLA YET
HOPEFUL OF
REVISION
Believes Others Will
Carry on the
Campaign.
However, He Will Take
an Appeal From the
Judgment.
Policy of the French Govern
ment Is to Stop All Fur
ther Agitation.
M. MELINE SO DECLARES.
And Now His Cabinet Is Stronger
Than Ever and Will Safely Meet
Coming Elections.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Feb. 26.— Z01a has accepted
his sentence without evincing surprise.
"After all," Zola told us journalists, "it
is more logical perhaps and better as
iit is. Persecution has always been the
handmaid of truth." He is not dis
i couraged, and believes firmly that the
i campaign for revision — so hateful has
the opposition been from the point of
■ view of this special object of "revolu
i tionary measures" (that is the expres
; sion he uses) — will be continued by
■ others. He has decided, however, to
j profit by the right of appeal against
the judgment, and if the Court of Ces
sation admits the ground, which seems
! doubtful in spite of the numerous
; points of appeal taken by the defense,
all will commence over again before
another court and another jury, but
; this cannot be done immediately, and
there is general lassitude. The need of
quiet is preached almost without dis
tinction of opinion by the greater part
of the press, with the exception of
journals which can only thrive upon
agitation. This sentiment has reached
such a degree that the mot of the situ
ation was said on Thursday, from his
chair, by the President of the Council,
M. Meline, replying to the numerous
interpellations the Zola trial called
forth in the Chamber.
"The conclusion to deduce is that it
is necessary that this should stop to
day," cried M. Meline amid the ap
plause of the Chamber. "The role of
the Government will be to bring about
a cessation of the agitation on the part
of all and to make all accept it,"
This declaration procured for the
Cabinet the greatest majority it has
been able to obtain since the com
mencement of this dangerous affair,
and so often brought before Parlia
ment, where it excited those violent
signs you know.
Mellne's Cabinet is stronger than
ever. It will safely meet the approach
ing elections. The arm of the War De
partment which Socialists would have
liked to have employed against him has
burned their hands, and the imprudent
intervention of their chief, M. Jaurez,
who wanted to make the witness-box
of the Court of Assizes a political ros
trum, and was only saved from com
promising seriously his personal posi
tion, has taken their weapons out of
their grasp. So true is this that the
announcement has already been made
that certain candidates who have
wished to present themselves as Social
ists pure and simple must cut loose
from certain compromising sections
and openly adopt a more refined line
of conduct.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The House
Committee on Rivers and Harbors to-day
gave a hearing to the members of the
California delegation relative to the im
provement of rivers and harbors in Cali
fornia. There were present Representa
tives Loud, De Vries, Barham and Hil
born, Hugh Craig of San Francisco, State
Senator Gleaves of Shasta County, and
Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento. Mr.
Craig advocated an appropriation of $500,
000 for the removal of Arch and Shag
rocks in San Francisco Bay. Mr. Devlin
asked the committee to insert in the bill
an appropriation of $280,000 for improving
Sacramento River. The other members
of the delegation argued in favor of vari
ous improvements throughout the State.
The committee, after the hearings, re
quested Representative de Vries to pre
pare and submit to it all engineer re
ports (State and Federal) on the pro
posed improvements of rivers in the Sac
ramento and San Joaquln Valleys.
Representative Custle to-day Introduced
a bill providing for a new judicial cir
cuit in the State of California, to be
known as the Central Judicial Circuit.
The court is to be held at Fresno.
By direction of the President, the Army
Retiring Board convened at San Francis
co by the War Department on an order
dated October 5, 1897, is dissolved, and a
board is appointed to meet at the call of
the president thereof at San Francisco,
for the examination of such' officers as
may be ordered before it. Detail for the
board; Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf, as
sistant surgeon-general; Colonel Evan
Miles, First Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel
Johnson V. D. Mlddleton, deputy sur
f eon-general ; Lieutenant-Colonel Louis T.
lorris. Fourth Cavalry; Major David H
Kinzie, Third Artillery; First Lieutenant
Robert H. Noble, First Infantry aid-de
camp, recorder.
By direction of the President, Major
William C. Shannon, surgeon, will, upon
Ine expiration of his present sick leave
of absence report in person to Colonel
Charles R. Greenleaf, assistant surgeon
general, president of the Army Retiring
Board at San Francisco, for examination !
by the board.
Sergeant Charles Leidenberger, detach
ment of ordnance, Benicia Arsenal, Cal.,
and Hospital Steward Christian Schmidt,
Presidio of San Francisco, have been
placed on the retired list. First Sergeant
John F. Studt and Private James W.
Garrett, now at Benicia Barracks, Cal.,
are, upon their own application, transfer
red to the Fourteenth Infantry as pri
vates, and will be sent to Vancouver
Barracks, Washington, for assignment to j
companies.
Pensions: California: Original— James i
Reeves, National Military Home, Los
Angeles, $6; Charles Hoofman, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $8; Joseph Lucas, Golden
Gate, San Francisco, $12; Richard M.
Coates, Magalia. $S; Samuel E. Chapman,
Napa, $6; Lyman Allen, Pasadena, $8.
Oregon: Original — Augustus Wagner
(dead), Milton, $12; Edmund D. Barton
(dead), Portland, $12. Original widow,
etc.— Clara Wagner, Milton, $8.
Washington: Original— George W. Mills
Tumwater. $6.
Will Soon Reach Panama.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Feb. 26.— The Panama Canal
Commission is expected to arrive here
on March 7. The Herald's correspondent
In Nicaragua, under date of February 5,
said the Nicaragua Canal Commission
would arrive In Colon between March iO
and 15. Panama canal and railroad au
thorities have been instructed to extend
&l\ facilities for the Nicaragua Canal
Commission to visit the works.
DASHED ASHORE
ON THE FLATS
Disaster to the Alaskan
Steamship Oregon
at Juneau.
Passengers Suffer Greatly From
the Cold Before She Is
Floated.
City of Topeka Speaks the Overdue
Scotia, Which Reports All
Well.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 26.— The steamship
City of Topeka arrived here to-night
from Juneau, Alaska. The officers of
the Topeka report that during a ter
rific windstorm at Juneau last Sunday
the steamship Oregon was blown
shore on the Juneau flats. She was ly
ing in Juneau harbor at anchor when
the gale struck her, and after strain
ing at her anchors, for some time she
began to drag, and then a tremendous
sea hurled her upon the flats. Several
horses were thrown against the side of
the vessel as she struck, and some were
killed.
All day she lay in that position, the
passengers suffering terribly, as dur
ing the gale a terrible snowstorm
| raged. The thermometer registered 8
degrees below zero and the wind was
piercing cold. When the gale abated
;at high tide the vessel was floated.
! Fortunately the flats are soft and the
Oregon suffered no injury.
On the way down the Topeka spoke
I the Corona and brings word from Cap
; tain Goodall that she can be /aised.
j Divers found no large holes in her hull
j and what leakages were found had
I been stopped and the water pumped
I out. Everthing was in readiness when
i the Topeka left to raise her.
On Thursday the long overdue
i steamship Scotia was passed, bound to
Seattle from Skaguay. She reported
all well. The steamship Rustler had
returned to Juneau from another un
successful search for the bodies of
those who perished in the Clara Ne
vada disaster.
Juneau has a coal famine and there
is only sufficient fresh meat in town
to last from the arrival of one boat to
that of another. The weather has
been something terrible for a week
past, cyclonic gales have been blowing
continuously and the thermometer has
been from zero to nine below.
STRIKERS NEED
FINANCIAL AID
Appeal to Be Made to the
American Federation
of Labor.
Believe That the Prospect of a War
With Spain Will Cause Fac
tories to Reopen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Feb. 26.— The New Bedford
strike council issued a call this morn
ing for an important meeting to-mor
row afternoon, when questions of the
gravest importance in the progress of
the strike will be considered. The lead
ers of the strike realize that the fight
cannot be maintained ■without financial
aid, and it has been decided to appeal
to the American Federation of Labor,
which never assists until formally ap
pealed to. It was thought the strike
could be maintained by voluntary con
tributions, but although the sum real
ized this week far exceeds that of any
previous week during the strike, the
amount is insufficient to carry on the
fight.
At the meeting to-morrow it will be
decided to delegate Secretary Samuel
Ross of the Spinners' Union to go to
Washington on Wednesday. The spin
ners have not yet touched their re
serve fund, for the mule spinners are
so well organized that they are being
supported by outside comrades. The
case is different with larger bodies, but
the feeling is that with the American
Federation of Labor behind the strikers
the operatives will be able to hold out
long enough to win their battle. The
war talk has entered largely into this
feeling of buoyancy, and the leaders
look for such a jump in the cloth mar
ket that the manufacturers will be
forced to open up on the old prices.
In the discussion of the situation this
morning there was but little hope held
out for a settlement. Good judges say
that should the American Federation of
Labor take up the fight the strike will
be prolonged to such a length that it
will either wear itself out or come to
an end through some unexpected event
which cannot be foreshadowed.
Attempt to Murder a Chinese.
VENTURA, Feb. 26.— Chinatown was
the scene of an attempt at murder last
night. Chu Toy. a cook in the Santa
Clara House, was slashed with a knife
and cleaver across the face, arm and
body. He was horribly mutilated, but
will live. His assailant, whose name is
not known, cannot be found by the of
ficers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THlToWir
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS,
1128 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
KLONDIKE "SPECIALTIES !
MEDICINE CASES
AND CHESTS.
Quinine Pills, 3 grains, per 100.............;40c
Quinine Pills, I •grains, per 100.... ....30c
Phenacetln' Tablets,, per d0z::.V...\.. 25c
Baker's Cough Balsam, ' per . bottle 25c
Mustard Plasters, 10 In a box ...; 25c
Carbolic Salve, per b0x.......... 23c
Cathartic Pills, per 100 !400
Sulphur,- per lb ........■;......■..:......; ...10c
Epsom Salts,, per Ib ;..... 10c
Carbolic Add, . 4-ounce bottle .....".... '25c
Baker's Liver f Pills ..... : . . . :. :. ..... .... 25c
Tincture of > Arnica, per pint !!!!!.p;ofi
Vaseline, . per Ib ..;........................ • 23c
Surgeon's Silk ; and - Needles, each....!..! ""ioe
Citric Acid, per It) ..^:;... ......... 65c
ALASKA MOSQUITO
DRIVER,
A «ure preventive ;of : these troublesome , pests.
: i'\. Price— and $1 per bottle. v..
:: Send for r««— *»»>J.t-- "Hints to Klondlkers "
mailed free. '
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
•+♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦<
f
OP 1
! s. r.
f © M. 9 y. : j,r
♦■ — i "' '.' ::";":. : >"
f; : • ■ \ . V- s
t Our stores are rented and .
we wind up business in two .
f> weeks. : "
X We will not resume in any '-
*■ other location, nor will our '
► firm be succeeded by any ]
*~ other firm. ;. „
y '■' '■ "
c To- Morrow !
>■:-: ■ ■ H
;:■:: at • • H
;11 O'CLOCK, I
► • ~ i#
k And daily for Two Weeks h
►' ONLY— from 11 to 5, 'h
[ FINAL ;.j
: RETAIL ]
I AUCTION I
\ SALE ' 1
; Of Dinner Sets, Lamps, Beanti=
ful Chinaware, Ornaments,
Glassware, etc. "♦
;WE MEAN BUSINESS ! :
- Are you alive to this
great opportunity ?
■•■■■ *,-"'■" t
- .• . -f
! COOK £ CO.!
(g 123 KEARNY ST. ♦
THE GREATEST
SPECIALISTS
On the Pacific Coast Treating Diseases of
MEN ONLY!
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET STREET.
We positively guarantee to cure Varicocele.
Piles and Rupture in one week. " Any form of
Weakness in six weeks. Blood Taints. Stricture
and Acute and Chronic Discharges a specialty.
To show our good faith
We will not ask for a dollar
until we cure you.
If you cannot call at office send for FREE
BOOK and SYMPTON BLANK and be cured
at home.. •_
DR. MEYERS & CO. \
Specialists for Men of the :. * : .~ x
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 Market Street. ,;,-*'
Hours, S-3; Evenings, 7-S: Sundays, 9-1 L
I PARTLY USED
CHEAP-ALSO RENT,
SEND FOR SAMPLES and PRICES.
L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
HO Montgomery St.
. ; 1 — . y — ; . .
000 00 00000000 00 600
%T% T - f*AL ACE *■"•?%
%'GRAND. hotels o
q SAN FRANCESCO. . ~
Connected by. a covered passageway. .V
J* 1400 Ro»ms. 900 With Bath Attached. O .
© all Under One Management. * ©
O NOTE THE REDUCED PRICES : £)
Q.European Plan. Sl. oo perday and upward if
~- American Plan .S3. OO perday and upward O
O ■ Correspondence Solicited. ■ • (k
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. q*
000 O OO OO OO 00000000
dr.mcmltyT
T?i 9 7iF^-KSOW3I AND RELIABLIB OF b
A S>pe^ißli««nir M Private Jfervous.Klood«iidakin
diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore,i. ? Over
re fT? perieD S. c - Sendiorßook.free. Jhitien'J
dX-SioVT^ Terms reasonable. Hours, o to 3
daily , 6:3o to 3.3o sVks. Sundays, 10 to 12. Conviltn
don free and sacredly con lideri tiaL Cali
P. BOSCOE McWITIVrY, M. ».,
86 Kearnr Slrirl San IrancUco. ('at
DTJTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DAUOrILO er9 bootblacks, bath-
.;, - houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, S candy-makers. •-: canners,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries,' laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters* shoe t factorieK
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
v; • BUCHANAN = BROS., ?
Brash Manufacturers,6o9 Sacramento 6 1*IT WILL BE A
BIG EXPOSITION
Oeiegates From Neighboring States to Be
Invited to Arrange for the Pro=
posed Fair.
Budd Arranging a Convention o: K'.presentative
ijusiness Men of the West to Prepare for
the Coming Event.
Aivvi?ifiO?!tlcn, the grandest ever held
in the .West, •■ill celebrate California's
fiftieth anniversary of Statehood. That
."much, is assured. A committee of local
citizens has, with Mayor Phelan at Its
' head, taken hold of the matter, and the
-members are now engaged in making
preliminary arrangements.
Yesterday Governor Budd announced
that he was preparing to make person
al requests of the governors of adjoin
ing States to co-operate in the great
proposed exposition, and make the fair
one in which the whole western part
of- the continent would be interested.
The Governor's invitations will not stop
wjth ' the adjacent States, but every
State in the Union will be asked to
make a representation at the fair. Gov
ernor Budd has announced his decision
of calling a convention of the leading
merchants, manufacturers and repre
sentative business men of the State to
arrange for the fair, and the Governors
of other States will be asked to send
delegates to that meeting.
Mayor Phelan and the members of
the committee he appointed applaud the
proposition of the Governor to call such
a convention as he proposes.
Every business man of the State is
enthusiastic on the exposition proposi
tion, and that enthusiasm is rapidly
spreading over the neighboring States.
The fair is assured, and the plan now
is, to make it even a more gigantic one
than at first proposed, and. make it na
tional in its scope.
PEACE AND CALM
INSTEAD OF WAR
Let America Show Its Resources
Rather Than a Display of
Fighting Strength.
The grand idea advanced by The San
Francisco Call to hold an exposition in
1900 to celebrate the admission of Cali-
WILL INVITE CO-OPERATION OF ADJOINING STATES.
Governor Budd Will Ask California's Neighbors to Take Part in the
Proposed Exposition.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. ,26. -Governor Budd, iv
speakiug to-day of the proposed exhibition for 1900,
said : ''I am heartily in accord with the project and
have in preparation letters addressed to the Govern
ors of various States inviting their co-operation. My
idea is to have them send delegates to a conven
tion which shall select a committee to act in conjunc
tion for the general good of the scheme. I believe
it should be a matter in which the entire State should
be interested, and I shall devote myself to the suc
cess of the enterprise and do all I can in furthering
the best possible results."
a with the States of the Union
meets the general approoation of the
!• ■'pie of the Golden West.
That idea of peace and work should
be welcomed by all, especially at this
• nt when the people are excited
over the war S''are.
"We approve "f the project presented
by the editors of The Gall, who, though
they give plenty of information about
the disaster that has befallen the
American nation, still they beg to re
. ihe public that there la something
nobler and more beneficial for the in
t< rests of the country than the talk of
war.
Besides a great number of foreign
ers who will v;sit this city, the most
important benefits of the San Francisco
Exposition will be the increased rela
tions between the Western and Eastern
•States.
With a few months' preparation we
had the Midwinter Fair in 1894. With
two years before us we can prepare for
1900 a wonderful Californian fair, where
our State will be able to show all its
splendid resources, which caused it tv
be called the American Italy.
The Italians, who have such a great
interest in the agricultural and mining
industry of the Pacific Coast, and who
transformed millions of acres of desert
land Into gardens and .vineyards, will
nnt surely be the last in supporting the?
great enterprise.
As for us. we will do our best in the
columns of L'ltalia to help the propos- d
exposition, BO that this mighty project
Will prove to be an eventful and glori
ous triumph for the Pacific Ccrast.
L'ITALIA.
WANT TO SHOW
OUR RESOURCES
Contra Costa Fruit-Growers Want
to Show the World Their
Products.
WALKUT CREEK, Feb. 24.— T0 the
Editor of The Call: As a citizen of
Contra Costa County I cannot say too
much in favor of holding a semi-een
•onnial exposition in San Francisco.
' >ur table fruit is shipped in large
quantities to all ports of the country.
< >ur wines and olive oils may, for their
purity, be put alongside of any made
In this State. We want to show what
■ c are doing. What will benefit San
Francisco will help us. By all means
let us have the exposition.
A. LEBRKCHT,
Of A. Lebrecht & Co.
MONTEREY WILL
DO ITS SHARE
A Great Exposition in 1900 Will. Be
of Benefit to the
West.
MONTEREY, Feb. 26.— Charles R.
Few, president of the Board of Trus
tees of the city of Monterey, said:
"VH.;iara in favor of the exposition.
in 1900, and I think it should be a big
one. The biggeY the better, for Cali
fornia is a great State and should show
her greatness in an appropriate man
ner. It should be an exhibition of suf
ficient magnitude to attract the atten
tion not only of America but of the
world. Of course the World's Fair of
1900 will occur in Paris, but there will
be large numbers of people who will
have neither the time nor means to at
tend it who would gladly find a coun-
ter-attraction nearer home. People
from Australia, Xew Zealand, Japan
and China would come to San Fran
cisco rather than Paris, I believe, if an
equally good exposition was presented
in the California metropolis, and every
person who comes into our State ren
ders it just so much benefit.
"The Midwinter Fair was of incalcu
lable benefit to the State in advertising
its products and resources to the world,
ami in other ways. An exposition car
ried out °n the lines The Call suggests
would certainly prove a far greater
success. I think I voice the sentiments
of all the citizens of California's first
capital, Monterey, when I say let us
have the exposition."
MEETING WITH
APPROBATION
The Fair Will Give Profitable Pub-
licity to the Resources of
the Pacific Slope.
The proposition of holding: a grand
exposition in 1900 at San Francisco to
celebrate the semi-centennial admis
sion of California into the Union is
meeting with approbation. It is pro
posed to make this a Pacific Coast ex
position, and one that ■will far out
reach the Midwinter Fair in grandeur.
Suoh an exposition, if not managed by
a few selfish individuals like the Mid
winter Exposition, would be of man-
fold benefit in giving profitable pub
licity to the resources of the Paeifi.
Slope and especially of California.-
L'ordelia X Ray.
THESE AFFIDAVITS EXPOSE THE BOODLER.
State of California,
City and County of San Franci«co. 1
John \V. GaJe. being first duly sworn, deposes and says that he is a
n of the United States and has been a resident of this city and
\ for the past thirty-five years. That he is now employed as busi
ness manager for D. Keefe&Co. wholesale produce dealers at 420 Davis
this city, and was such manager during all the times herein
mentioned.
liat on the 1 5th day of February of this year George Rrorsen, also
m tne employ of I». Keefe & Co.. purchased from one Sing Kee 76 sacks
mons, on the Pacific street wharf, for the sum of S'iO. That there
to-wit: on the Iflth day of February-and while said onions were
on said wharf, one William Jordan. Assistant .Market Inspector of
tne Health Department of this city and county, condemned said onions as
g untit for human food, and ordered the same dumped into the bay.
i was done by some person unknown to this affiant, said Inspector
am Jordan giving said George Brorsen a receipt in the name of J).
Kceie &. Co. that said onions had been condemned as aforesaid, which
aid receipt was subsequently given to this affiant. That this affiant
ereupon telephoned to the Health Depirtmsnt and to Mr. William Fin
nigan, an inspector thereof, and related to him what had taken place in
regard to said onions, and asked him-Mr. Finnigan— what, if anything
'uld be done, whereupon Mr. Fionigan stated that he would see Inspector
Jordan and ascertain all the facts connected with the matter
:t day! met Mr Finnigan and he stated to me that he had seen
inspector Jordan ; that the onions had been condemned by him and ordered
imped into the bay. I then asked Mr. Finnigan if he would go with me to
sing Kee, from whom the onions were bought, and tell him that the onions
had been condemned by the Health Department and that by order of the
Health Inspector had been dumped into the bay, and he did so. We then
went to the (hinaman's place of business together, at H(>B Sacramento
sticet. where we found Sing Koc, and I then and there made a demand for
the return of the S3O he had received from I). Kccfc & Co. for said onions,
telling him at the time that the onions had been condemned by the Health
Department and that by order of the said Market Inspector Jordan all said
onions had been dumped into the bay, which statement Mr. Finnigan sub
stantiated as being true. Thereupon Sing Kee returned to me the S3O and I
gave him a receipt for the same and signed my name thereto, and .Mr. Finni
gan and myself then left, and I returned the said S3O so paid to me to mv
employers, D. Kccfe & Co. That is all that took place between Sing Kcc Mr
Finnigan and myself
. _. JOHN W. GALE.
Subscribed and sworn to before ms this 26th day of February, 1898.
JI'STIN GATES,
Notary Public in and for the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California.
State of California. i
City and County of San Francisco. Iss
William Finnigan being first duly sworn deposes and says that he is the
Health Inspector mentioned in the foregoing affidavit of John W. Gale, that
he has read the same and knows the contents thereof, and that all the facts
stated therein related 10 him are true. That he simply went to Sing Kee's
place of business with Mr. Gale to verify his statement that the onions had
been condemned and thrown overboard by order of the Assistant Market
Inspector. That no threats or intimidation of any kind was offered or used,
and that the said $30 was voluntarily paid to Mr. Gale upon his demand for
the same and Mr- Gale gave his receipt therefor. WILLIAM FINNIGAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of February, 1898.
JUSTIN GATES,
Notary Public In and for the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California.
Sworn statements that exonerate Inspector
Finnigan of the Board of Health.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 189 S.
BURSTS OF PATRIOTISM AT THE ORPHEUM.
ONK of those striking and beauti
ful evidences of public senti
ment which national calamities
call forth is seen nightly at the
Orpheum, where the American bio
graph exhibition shows the battle-ship
Maine, as she was in«the Brooklyn
navy-yard in the hours of her glory
anil power.
Buddenly the lights go out and the
marvelous reproductions of moving
MALICIOUSLY
LIBELS AN
INSPECTOR
A Health Department
Employe Falsely
Charged.
Is Said to Have Levied
Blackmail on a Chi
nese Merchant.
Affidavits That Show the Ac
cusations to Have Been
Groundless.
The members of the Board of Health
as well as Health Officer O'Brien are
boiling with indignation over a scur
rilous story published in a morning pa
per yesterday, in which a trusted em
ploye of the department was charged
with having blackmailed a Chinese
merchant.
photography come upon a bright
screen. Some of these pictures are
humorous, some scenic, some the com
monplace snap shots from the busy
scenes of every-day life.
Finally the spectators seem to be on
a moving vessel, passing by the great
Brooklyn navy-yard. Suddenly the
Maine flashes before him, glorious in
its immaculate whiteness, the stars
and stripes waving in the breeze as
The ire of the Health Board is par
tlcujarly strong because no effort was
made by the paper to verify
the false statements it published,
and the board was placed in a
position of having appointed a man
who was represented as ready at any
or all times to take money as a re
ward for protecting those who trans
gress the law.
What make:- the <-ase particularly ag
gravating is the fact that it was in
sinuated that crooked acts have been
common among the inspectors of the
department and that an investigation
might develop a serious scandal.
The paper, not content with tak
ing the word of a disgruntled
Chinese, brought in the name
>f Health Officer O'Brien, who was Bald
to bo carefully and cautiously inves
tigating before making any public ex
pose.
The story, as misstated in the paper,
was to the effect that a heaith
inspector in full uniform had called at
the establishment of Sing Kee, a Chi
nese merchant doing business on Sac
ramento street, near Dupont, and de
manded a bribe to save the Chinese
from arrest for having sold a quantity
of onions that were unfit for food. The
Chinaman was represented as a man
of wealth and also a man of standing
in the Chinese business community, yet
he was credited with having paid and
quoted with saying that he had paid
$3o as a price of his liberty, and to pre
vent himself from being taken to jail.
The real facts of the case are these:
A quantity of onions arrived from Aus
tralia by steamer a few days ago con
signed to a man named Peterson. On
account of their bad condition the con
signee refused to accept them, and as
neither duty nor freight had been .paid
they were sold at auction. Sing Kee
was the purchaser. A few hours later
the Chinese, who is always looking for
a bargain, sold the onions to George
Brorsen, a buyer for 1). Keefe & <'•>.
In the meantime Inspector Billy Jordan
of the Board of Health had been com
plained to about the odor of the onions
and had ordered them dumped into the
bay.
When Brorsen callprl for his onions
he was given a receipt by Jordan show
ing that the onions had been thrown
overboard. This receipt was handed
to John W. Gale, manag-r of the house
of D. Keefe & Co., who proceeded to
demand from Sing Kee the return of
the $30 that had been paid for the on
ions. Being acquainted with Inspec
tor William Finnigan of the Health
Department he asked the latter to look
into the matter.
Finnigan, after ascertaining from In
spector Jordan that the facts as stated
to him were correct, agreed to accom
pany Gale to see the Chinaman. Gale
and Finnigan called together at Sin.-?
Kee's place of business and Gale made
a demand for the return of the money,
claiming that P.rorsen did not know
the condition of the onions at the time
he purchased them. Inspector Finni
gan informed Sing Kee that he had
violated the law in selling the onions
and under the conditions the Chinese
merchant agreed to return the money.
The inspector Mas highly indignant
yesterday when he read the charge that
hud been made against him, and at
on^e called upon Health Officer
O'Brien. He admitted that he was
present when the money was paid, but
characterized as a lie the statement
that he had signed a fictitious name to
the receipt. He stated that he had
not signed the receipt at all, but that
the paper had been signed by Mr.
Gale when the money was paid by the
Chinaman. He demanded a full in
vestigation of the matter, and with Mr.
Gale went before a notary public and
made affidavit to the facts as they had
occurred.
Among the members and employes of
the Board of Health the story is re
guarded as a shameless attempt to
make a sensation at the expense of the
reputation of Inspector Finnigan.
Though Sing Kee is quoted with
having charged a Health Inspector
with exacting blackmail from him he
evidently believes that Mr. Gale of D
Keefe &- Co. is responsible, and had his
attorneys draw up papers yesterday
for a suit in the Justice Courts de
manding the return of the $30.
YOUNG PUPILS'
PIANO RECITAL
Classical Music by Miss Diserens
and Others— A Fashionable
Gathering.
The- Invitational piano recital given by
the younper pupils of Miss Ida B. Dlser
ens last night at Sherman & Clay's Hall
was the occasion for the gathering of a
fashionable and critical audience, many
naturally as if one were but a few
yards away.
Men are seen moving about the
decks, officers are at their posts, and
the scene is one of life and discipline.
Instantly there is deafening applause.
The audience bursts forth in a deep
volume of cheers, as if one great sym
pathcitc vocal organ sufficed for the
composite mass of men, women and
children of many nationalities, whose
[ of whom were personal friends of the lit
< tie ones taking part therein.
\ While the entire programme was ren-
I dered in a way reflecting credit upon Miss
ins. rens as a.n instructress, several num
i bera deserve special mention. The solo
("La Matinee") by Miss Elba Woodman,
| a sonate in C major by Miss Gladys Fox,
, a duet ("Aua Welter Fremde") by Mis.s
Prances Dodd and Miss Diserens, and a
I duet ("Die Schwester Spirit") by Master
Claua Spreckels and Miss Diserens receiv
ing well-merited applause. Master Spreck
els was the recipient of several beautiful
tloral pieces, prominent among which was
an immense bouquet of carnations and
: two large baskets banked with violets
j and maiden hair fern, one capped by yel
low asters and the other by carnations.
i The following programme shows the
| high character of the musical selections:
; Duet. Invitation a la Yalse C. M. yon Weber
Miss liis.'ipnF and William Maurer.
i Solo, Sonate C M:ii"r Mozart
Mi. u s (iiadys Fox.
(With Grieg's accompaniment for second
piano}.
Duct, "Alls Welter Fremde," Op. 48. No. 1
Paul Hiller
Mi^s France! Dodd and Miss Diserens.
Solo, "Rondo" il.,a Matinee) Dussek
Mi.=? Kiva Woodman.
Duet, "Die Bchwester Spielt." <>|>. 2t", No. 3
Stephen A. Emery
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
/% DR: SOPER
MMm^B^ GUARANTEES
ji^Bfe^ilih To cure every case he accepts for the
jwlilliPf^ price quoted below, including all medi-
!^?Sfi*iP^sL cines. This offer applies only to those
f^f \dfj^*Wfo who commence treatment before
vJ^^^^ If incurable you will be told so.
Catarrh ■...•........'....'. 520 00 I Pi1e5...... $20 00 Kidney Diseases ......$2O 00
Rheumatism .......... 20 00 1 Paralysis .. 60 00 Nervous Debility 20 00
i Neuralgia.. .20 00 ! Skin Diseases ....20 00 Syphilis ...30 00
Sciatica 20 00 ' Diabetes.. 25 00 j Varicocele 20 00
Fistula .. ........30 00 ' Ulcers (chronic) 40 00 Stricture .. 30 00
I Asthma .25 00 1 Bladder Diseases ..... 20 00 Rupture 40 00
Gravel 20 00 j Bronchitis .'.... 20 00 Loss of Manhood 20 00
Consumption, Ist stage 30 00 Epilepsy or Fits 30 00 Gonorrhoea 10 00
Tape Worm ......20 00 I Diseases of Liver. 20 00 1 Gleet .;... 15 00
Dr0p5y......:.. ...: .... 30 00 ! Goitre or Thick Neck. 30 00 Prostatic Diseases .... 20 00
Dyspepsia If. 00 | Salt Rheum 25 00 1 Tumors $50 00 to 400 00
: Deafness 30 00 i Brighfs Disease......:. 40 00 | Cancer . $100 00 to 600 00
During the past three months 2.".26 were examined, and 542 were rejected as incurable.
No matter what vonr Disease or Affliction mar be. nor of how long Htandmcr. secure the opinion
! of these KMINKNT CAN AIM PHYSICIANS, as It COSTS YOU NOTHING'
THE NEUTRALIZING SYSTEM OF TREATMENT is a boon to suffering humanity
as it does away with the t.ikin? of poisonous mineral remedies.
M K.N who are Nervous. Despondent, Diseased and Weak from early Indiscretion and excess
in life readily restored by this New System.
DISK ASKS OF WOMKN treated by an entirely new and Dainiesß method. Those unable
to call send history of case with two-cent stamp and receive opinion free. Correspondence con-
fidential. Consultation, Examination and Advice Free. Hours 10 to 12 a. m., 2 to 5 and 7to 8
P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 12 A. -M. ■ ,
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
524 Taylor Street, , Cor - p SA FRANCISCOt CAL .
The Snow and Ice
Transportation Co.'s Trains,
Carrying Government Relief Expedition to Dawson City,
Will leave Portland on Steamer "NATIONAL
CITY" March 5. Passenger rate $300 iron)
Portland to Dawson City, wtych includes n)eals
and 300 pounds baggage. Additional freight
20 cents per pound. Berth or freight can be
secured by wire.
THE SNOW AND ICE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
246 Washington Street, Portland, Oregon.
Dru^ist CATARRH
■ for a generous i^aaat-*-— i«tj«c»
.10 CENT PiP^/^S^S
T R I A L S I Z E . 4M C/ ?*VrSj
ELY'S Pwß&is'rJ
CREAM BALM 1^ Jssm
contains no cocaine, mer-BShjc*^
cury or any other injurlouslMM
a Tt S open and clean. thef^N^^^l
Nasal; Passages,: Allays^,-: ::_.-•
Pain r and Inflammation. On I ft • - ■II rI [1
Heals • and Protects the I LI) ill H [AD
Membrane. . UULU 111 lILHU
-■ Restores the Senses of > . ,« ■ ■ •• ■
Taste and * Smell. . Is Quickly ; absorbed." ' Gives
relief at once. * 50 cts. at Druggists or by mall:
Trial Site: 10c. at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. C 6 Warren St., t New : York.
enthusiastic loyalty to the country and
the flap knows no bounds.
Women stand up and cheer, waving
their handkerchiefs, while men throw
their hats in the air and yell as if
their throats would split in the glad ac
claim. Eyes are moist and lumps
rise in the throats of brave men, and
the cheering lasts as long ~s there is
a streak of white or a suggestion of
the ill-fated Maine upon the strangely
lifelike screen.
Master Claus Ppreckels and Miss Diserens.
5010, Concerto In D Minor (without the
octaves Mozart
Rondo. Romanze. Allegro
Miss Helen Dodd.
Orchestral accompaniment on second piano.
Quartet. "SoTiatine" H. Mohr
Miss Elva Woodman, Miss May Schlutter,
Miss Fanny Woodman and Miss Florence
Conn.
5011, (a) Allegro from Sonate in C Haydn
(b) Album Leaf Grieg
(c) Folksweise Grieg
(d) The Shepherd Roy Wilson
Miss Iva Knowlton.
5010, "La Chase" Dussek
William Maurer.
With Henry C. Tlmm's accompaniment
for second piano.
Duo, Rondo, Op. it:,. Xo. 3 Gurlitt
Miss May Schlutter and Miss Iva Knowlton.
5011, (a) "Chaconne" Durand
(b) Waltz. Op. 34. N0. 3 Chopin
Miss May Schlutter.
Quartet. Hondo Alleuro H. Mohr
Miss Iva Knowlton, Miss Florence Conn.
Miss May Sohlutter and Hiss Gladys Ftix.
Accompaniments for second piano played by
Miss Diserens.
In all 10,000 people attend the services
at St. Paul's Cathedral, London, every
Sunday, the morning and afternoon
services each attracting about 2500 wor
shippers, and the evening service 5000.
/_ IFYOU 7 WEAR
/^r Glasses^
tea, ar\A Wish prompfcifficicn'K
Tt9l|s OP.TICIANS^IJ Qn t US :.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Experts Mystified
Real Diamonds are no better for
all purposes than the
Genuine^ A M
Barrios I aa j.
Diamonds IMW'
We are the sole agents In the United State*
for these marvelous semi-precious stones, which
are the nearest approach to Genuine Diamonds
ever discovered. For the purpose of Introducing
them quickly : to the public we will forward
either ■
Ring, Pin, Stud, Earrings
(Screws or Drops), at . '..'■.
&£&£&s& (EARRINGS ARE
$I! ill I $2 PER PAIR).
lH Hi' Hi? OUR GUARANTEE.
ttTifi ViMr-rj»!z These stones are guar-
Ksajj NdCfiffiSft^ an teed to retain their
IBS*. -— — A.i lustre forever; the
BH M «v 5 WJ mountings are heavy
ijgyj r mHlli rolled plnte andarewar-
flßlu IVlt ranted for five years.
SPECIAL CAUTION :
Do not confound genuine Barrios Diamond*
with so-called- Rhinestones, Parisian, Kongo,
Saryta-Kora; White Topaz or other imita-
tion stones, regardless of what the name may
be. The genuine Barrios Diamond Is the only
stone ever discovered that will retain its bril-
liancy and has no artificial backing. It is the
Rich Man's Substitute and the Poor Man's
Diamond. All others are simply manufactured
from chemicals. Genuine Barrios Diamonds
are equal to real diamonds as to looks and
wear and will cut glass.
This offer will last only a short time longer
and Is subject to withdrawal without notice.
trine* WILL BE
/ \JxJvJ GIVEN
If it can be shown that we have ever re-
fused to replace a stone that did not give
satisfaction.
MAIL ORDERS.
A Beautiful. Brilliant, Genuine Barrios. Dia-
mond, mounted in a heavy ring, pin or stud, 1
will be sent to any address on receipt of. One
Dollar. In ordering give full directions and
state whether small, medium or large stone is
t'AMILLK SEIOARD, the prima donna
of the Walter Damrosch Opera Co., writes:
"Barrios Diamonds are lustrous and full of
fire. They are magnificent substitutes for gen-
uine diamonds for stage purposes."
CAMIL.LE SETGARD.
CARRIE OAT, the charming actress of the
"In Town" Company, writes:
"While playing on the road I found Barrios
Diamonds objects of great beauty and useful-
ness." CARRIE GAY.
Money promptly refunded if goods are not as represented
BEWARE OF IMITATORS.
Address Mail Orders to
BARRIOS DIAMOND CO., •
EDISON BUILDING.
42 and 44 Broad Street, New York.
Mention San Francisco Call. . .
$5,00q go
WILL BUY A
WELL ESTABLISHED
GOOD PAYING
,^' DOWN TOWN
; NotlOn and
Stationery
Store <£
Cor. Kearny and Commercial
LONG LEASE AT LOW RENI
Apply or address
PERNHU BROS.
543 CLAY STREET, S. F.
$100 TO ANY MAN
WILL PAY $100 FOR ANY CASE
Of Weakness in Men They Treat and
Fail to Cure.
An Omaha company places for the
first time before the public a Magical
Treatment for the cure of Lost Vital-
ity, Nervous and Sexual Weakness and
Restoration of Life Force in old and
young men. No worn-out French rem-
edy; contains no Phosphorus or other
harmful drugs. It is a wonderful
treatment— magical in its effects— posi-
tive in its cure. All readers, who are
suffering from a weakness that blights
their life, causing that mental and
physical suffering peculiar to Lost
Manhood, should write to the STATE
MEDICAL COMPANY, Omaha. Nebr..
and they will send you absolutely
FREE a valuable paper on these dis-
eases and positive proofs of their
truly Magical Treatment. Thousands
of men, who have lost all hope of a
cure, are being restored by them to a
perfect condition.
This Magical Treatment may be
taken at home under their direction,
or they will pay railroad fare and hotel
bills to all who prefer to go there for
treatment if they fail to cure. They
are perfectly reliable; have no Free
Prescriptions, Free Cure, Free Sample
or C. O. D. fake. They have $250,000
capital, and guarantee to cure every
case they treat *>r refund every dollar;
or their charges may be deposited in a
bank to be paid to them when a cure
is effected. Write them to-day.
H DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any cas*
n°e cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
Emissions, Jmpotencjr, Varleocele.
Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fects of self -abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed X bottle; 3 bottles, to: guaz
anteedtocure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE:. 855 Broadway. Oakland, CaL Aloo
for sale at 1073^ Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 today,
|S to $S week, $8 to $30 month. Free bath*;
hot and cold water every room: fire grates la
•very room: elevator tom all nlvht.
910
ALLOWED A
FUGITIVE
TO ESCAPE
Captain Reed Under
a Most Serious
Charge.
He Is Accused of Assist
ing an Alleged Embez
zler to Get Away.
Through an Alleged Misunder
standing Fred Simpson
Eludes the Police.
WANTED IN MARSHFIELD.
"Refused to Allow the Detectivies
to Come Aboard of His
Steamer.
Captain Reed of the steamer Arcata
is liable to find himself In serious
rtrouble.
Several days ago Chief Lees received
POLICE ON THE TRAIL OF A FUGITIVE.
Detectives Gibson and Wren attempted to board the steamer Arcata as she was passing A^eiggs wharf last Friday evening.
Captain Reed would not stop for them, and in consequence Frank M. Simpson, agent of the Coos Bay, Roseturg and
Eastern Railway and Navigation Company, wanted on a charge of arson and embezzlement, made his escape.
a dispatch from the police of Marsh
field, Or., asking him to arrest Fred
erick Simpson, charged with embezzle
ment.
"He is badly wanted," read the dis
patnh. "Do all in your power to arrest
him."
A short time afterward another dis
patch was received stating that Simp
son was aboard the Arcata, which was
due in this city last Friday morning.
Detectives Gibson and Wren were, de
tailed to arrest the alleged embezzler,
and, after a short consultation, they
agreed to board the vessel before it
docked, so as to preclude the possi
bility of escape. Accompanied by Ser
jreant Fltzgibbon Gibson hired a small
boat and rowed out in the bay, intend
ing to board the Arcata.
As they hailed the v.-ssel the captain
refused to t.-^ke them aboard, notwith
standing thai they told him that they
were officers of the law. Gibson at
tempted to fasten a hook attached to
his boat to the Arcata, when Captain
P.pcd in an angry manner ordered him
to "cast away" under penalty of being
forced to do so.
Foiled in their efforts to board the
v-ss 1 Gibson and his fellow officer
Btarted for the Vallejo street wharf, in
the hope of heading off Simpson after
the steamer docked. Detective Wren,
•who wa? awaiting the arrival of the al
leged f-mbezzW, boarded the Arcata
as it reached the wharf, and asked the
captain to point out to him the mueh
■wanted embezzler. Captain Reed, it is
claimed, singled out the wrong man,
allowing the real culprit to escape. The
individual whom Reed said was Simp
son readily proved his innocence and
was allowed to ro. In the meantime
Simpson left the steamer and made his
escape.
Captain Reed last night visited police
headquarters and endeavored to excuse
his action by claiming that he did ii"i
know th.it Gibson and Fttxgibbon were
police officers. Chief Lees severely rep
rimanded him for his conduct, and in
formed him that he will consult the
District Attorney with a view of secur
ing a warrant for his arrest for aiding
and abetting a fugitive to escape.
WILL MAKE
A FLAT RATE
So the Trans-Missouri Roads
Notify the Traffic Con
ference.
On Sinfjle Tickets They Will Charge
Full Fares With a Rebate of
Twenty Dollsys.
CHICAGO, Feb.' 26.— At the meeting
of general passenger agents of the
Western roads here to-day to dfvipe
■ways of conducting the transcontinen
tal rate war, the trans-Missouri roads
gave notice that beginning March 6
they would put into effect to North
Pacific Coast points from the Missouri
River gateways the same rates as are
now in effect via St. Paul. For parties
of three or over they will make a _flat
rate. On single tickets they will charge
full fares, giving the passenger a re
bate order for $20. payable on reaching
destination. This view disposes of the
question of meeting the cut through
the Missouri River gateways. A com
mittee was at once appointed to pre
pare a plan of action for the roads
east of the Missouri River to pursue.
The report of this committee will be
considered Monday. The meeting to
day declined to take any action on a
proposition coming from the Canadian
Pacific road, through a trunk line com
mittee, for a settlement of the matters
In dispute.
In effect, this proposition was that
all rates should be restored March 14
and be maintained pending the result
of a conference to be held March 17.
The Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific roads would not consent to enter
tain the proposition, because It in
volved a fresh recognition </f Canadian
Pacific differentials, and restored to the
Canadian Pacific all the advantages it
possessed on that point prior to the rate
war. The other roads would take no
action on the subject until they heard
from their Eastern ally, the Grand
Trunk. They recommend the trunk
line co-mmittee to submit the proposi
tion to that road for an expression of
opinion on the subject, and when it is
heard from the Western roads will then
be in a position to take action in the
matter.
Railroad people in San Francisro are
at present lying low and waiting for
what they hardly know. The .situation
is one of great uncertainty, and much
il>'pt j nds on the action that will be
taken by the Southern Pacific at the
conclusion of the traffic meeting now
being held in Chicago.
Yesterday the Canadian Pacific office
on Market street had a lar^e sign in its
front, advertising the cut-rate schedule
ti> New York and Chicago, and Mr.
Stern, the local agent, said that even
with the reduced fares but a few hours
old the increase of business has been
most noticeable.
The general impression along the
street seems to be that the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe will be forced.
sooner or later, to enter the fight. The
i "anadian Pacific at the present rates,
will have practically all the travel to
itself.
Though the Southern Pacific may not
desire to enter into competition with
the Canadian Pacific at the reduced
rates In the latter road's own territory
yet the loss it will sustain on its Shasta
route by the war started here will force
It to take measures for its own protec
tion as it cannot afford to lose the
splendid business it has been doing for
some time past between this city and
northern points.
The other northern roads refuse to
consider any proposition looking
toward a compromise that will restore
to the Canadian Pacific its differential
and say they will rather fight it out on
the present line if it takes all summer.
To sum the situation up in a few
words, it is war to the knife between
the three northern lines, with each one
watching anxiously to see what the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe will do.
SUDDENLY PASSES AWAY.
Peter Alferitz, a Prominent Mer
chant, Succumbs to an Attack of
Heart Disease.
Peter Alferitz, a prominent wool mer
chant of this city, died suddenly at tiis
home, 620 Green street, yesterday morn
ing from an attack of heart disease, after
a short Illness. Although his death had
been momentarily expected by the mem
bers of his family, they still, however,
strove to the last in endeavoring to com
bat the fatal disease. He leaves a widow
and two sons— Hemy and George Alferitz.
The funeral will be held at his former
home on Green .street Monday afternoon,
after which the remains will be conveyed
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery and there in
cinerated.
The deceased leaves a fortune estimated
at between $300,000 and $400,00(1, which will,
in accordance with the dictates of the
decedent's will, be divided among tne
widow and the two sons, the widow re
ceiving: half the estate and the remainder
being divided between his two sons, share
and share alike.
WILLIAMS DISCOVERED.
i .
. A Burglar Who Escaped From the
Police Court Now in San
Quentin.
Chief Tieos received word yesterday,
that Richard Williams, a burglar who
escaped from Judge Joachlmsen's court
room on December 17 last, is now serving
a two years' term in San Quentin.
Williams was held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Joachimsen on
December 17 on the charge of burglary
for breaking into the residence of Mrs.
11. A. Graiit, 710 Pine street. He hid him
self under the seat in the dock, and his
absence was not discovered till he had
got away.
He was arrested in Sacramento on Jan
uary 21 for robbing the mails, and on
February 13 was sentenced by the Dis
trict Court to two years in San Quentin.
He gave the name of Arthur Wilson.
His case will be put on the calendar of
Judge Dunne's court, and he will have to
stand his trial on the burglary charge.
Too much Opium
VETOED THE MEASURES.
The Mayor Disapproves of the Pro-
posed Limits of the
Pound.
Mayor Phelan sent two veto messages
to the Board of Supervisors yestf-rriay
relative to measures that have recently
been passed by that body. The first re
lated to order No. &9. establishing a ter
ritory in which a public pound may be
maintained.
The other message vetoed the permls-
Bion granted to the California and North
west Trading and Mining Company to
maintain a sign In .front of the premises
at 402 Kearny street. The Mayor's rea
son for the veto was that if such privi
leges were granted to one merchant they
must be granted to all, and that such
signs would be a great disfigurement If
generally allowed.
Thief in a Church.
Gabriel Roach was convicted of petty
larceny by Judge Conlan yesterday and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
ordered to appear for sentence to-morrow,
He admitted the theft and said that he
was compelled to do it from poverty.
Friday night he stole some books and
rugs from St. Mary's Cathedral, and was
arrested by Policeman Gardiner while
carrying them away.
RICHMOND WANTS SCHOOLS.
Several Children Compelled to Roam
About the Streets Because There
Is No Accommodation
for Them.
Richmond district would be a bad place
for a man to go to advocate the zoo prop
osition,- inasmuch as the people in that
section of the city are sorely In need of
better school facilities for their children.
As it is now, there are over 300 children
of school age who are deprived of the ad
vantage of obtaining an education in the
public schools of the city. The injustice
of this management— or. rather, misman
agement—ls chargeable to both the Board
of Supervisors and the Board of Educa
tion, at least the residents of Richmond
so hold. They claim that the wants of
the district were fully and fairly repre
sented to both boards before the annual
appropriations were made last year. The
Increase In the population of the Kicn
mund district was presented to them and
a request made for additional school
buildings, but no heed was taken of the
request and in consequence a number ot
the children are compelled to alternate
between the forenoon and afternoon in
their attendance at the schools, while
several are compelled to remain away al
together. , ,
During the past three months several
meetings of the parents and others have
been held to protest against this treat
ment. At some of those meetings reso
lutions were passed requesting the Board
of Education to add two class rooms to
the Richmond sehoolhouse as a part con
cession, but no heed was taken of this
request and the condition remains as it
was one year ago, while the increase in
the number of school children still contin
ues.
At the last meeting of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club a committee was ap
pointed to take charge of this matter
and not permit any lapses to occur when
the next appropriation is being made for
the school department.
The closing of the City Cemetery has
been hailed with joy by the Richmond
people, as it removes one of the great
drawbacks to extension of the building
up of the district westward. The exten
sion of time given the undertakers bav
ins the contract for the burying of the j
Indigent dead until next July is not op- j
posed, as the time will be but short. The j
Chinese having purchased a cemetery
of their own in San M&teo County will
stop those people from burying any more j
of their dead on city soil. The several j
benevolent societies who were accorded
the privilege of using the City Cemetery |
have discontinued interring their dead in I
that place for some time past, conse- i
quently only the city's dead will be I
placed there' between now and next July.
■'.'.'■. ADVERTISEMENTS. ■''.'.■■.. ■ -'■''..■_■_■•..-.-.-- - -
HE HAS MADE A NATION STRONGER!
h By Giving to Weakened Manhood His Wonderful Electric Belt %
. ■ •■."■ ■'»■!■;■. -. T - : .- . •'■ . .
Dp. Sanden Has Built Up a Race of Vigorous, Strong-Minded \
Men==a Credit to Their Country. These Men Now Honor Him. \
; 4
' aTZ*^ iS^^^rN There are over 10,000 men who sing the praises of 1
: &ffiL k fjrfSL, r " Sanden. They are men who have been lifted to the \
y\ <ifflpA A y /^T^^K highest pinnacle of manly vigor by his famous Electric \
: y &^">M\ Belt> The y are to be found in ever town and hamlet in i
• Jiln V ~^L^^ f\ v^ f® c West. There is not a town on the Pacific Coast but \
'' '^' \IV x'Mfe^-^^^ii^r^ *'•'■ 'ii| I A as from one to twenty cures by this great strengthener. \
: jO^^jlßjß^TJ HE WILL CURE you. I
•' isi^JSKr ■ 'I I Jm^t If you are a weak man let Dr. Sanden help you. He 1
■ Bmp^ sm^SßKKl^^^ jf^^ will g' ve y ou c benefit of his 30 years' experience as a i
' lliiL. ffl^HWi^^^ l^^^^^, physician free of charge, and his wonderful Belt will pour \
' jSm a" HHt^^^^^^^^^ new life into your weak nerves and develop the full i
y H|j i v HH JOJSAfIDfiH strength of manhood. DR. SAN DEN'S BOOK, j
' jRHafTCBI "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," FREE. *
• «m ' i™ VnJBHWH Procure this book at once. ,It is worth $1000. to N any weak man. It is full of ■»
• jS-UlBl) \bßh valuable truths, which may lead you to a happier, more hopeful and ambitious life. *
' Tfflsr^HLJß«! It ma save you years of misery. If possible call and test this grand Electric Belt. *
* fulfil I ■-^■*l _ CALL OR MDDRESS — — —^_^»_^^.^^^____^_ '
jK^m \_j2-\ \4^Z^>^ * • /-% L-f L^ «^. r^ ■— * LJ «*C ■—■ CS C 9 ,■ -j." ,■-t • - -
O! ATV I I \"rr | "r<T TCPT CPPtrTTp TO l^^ l^^ 63 ° market street, '
* Xs^ 1 » -£L JN ±J Ha JM ±Ll-Lj±tl^^ X JrC-L<^ <<-S^- 7 Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco. <
I ....... . *^^.',^^ i Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to L ' Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204% South Broadway: Portland, 0r., 253 Washington St.: Denver, 4
■ . .' . --V • ~ Colo., 931 Sixteenth St.; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main st. : - • NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— 63o MARKET STREET. '",
\ -, *,
WHY THE LADY
QUIT HER JOB
Baroness yon Zieba Has
Another Inning in
Court.
Jack Chretien Appears as an
Expert on Theater Con
tracts.
Judge Barry Intimates That the
Noble Lady Is Worthy of
Her Hire.
Baroness Yon Zleba, bearer of a
proud and ancient name, but now a
singer in the humble music halls of
San Francisco,. had another inning yes
terday before Justice Barry in her suit
against the management of the Thalia
Theater. The Baroness was elegantly
gowned, haughty of mien and gazed
Incidents in the Trial of the Case of the Baroness yon Zieba
Against the Management of the Thalia Theater
for Wages as a Singer.
disdainfully at the witnesses on the
other side when evidence was given
that might hurt her case.
She had the best of the day, how- ]
ever, and if the court's rulings are any
criterion the Thalia management will \
have to pay her the wages claimed. '
Several exciting •fcenea occurred, prin- I
cipally caused by the lawyers, before
the case was submitted to Judge Barry.
Jack Chretien, of le^al and theatrical
fame, caused one diversion. He was
produced as a witness by the defense
and took the stand with all the assur
ance born 'of long acquaintance with
the stage.
The dispute between the music hall
management and the musical baroness
hinged on the question as to whether
she had a right to perform at other
places of amusement while under con
tract to the Thalia and Mr. Chretien
was expected to testify that it is the
custom for performers to give their en
tire time to houses where they were en
gaged.
Mr. Chretien tried to answer, but was
greeted with a chorus something like
this:
"We object"— "lncompetent"— "Your
honor — 'Not an expert."
Then while the lawyers argued and
wrangled and quoted the statutes the
placid Chretien read a copy of The Call
and waited for them to finish. Between
objections and exceptions he managed
to say that it was the custom for peV
formers to hold only one engagement
at a time, but Justice Barry intimated
that the testimony cut little figure and
that If a contract had been entered Into
between the Brothers Schwartz and the
Baroness Yon Zieba she was entitled to
some compensation for charming the
patrons of the place.
The Baroness herself took the stand
at one stage of the proceedings and
when asked why she had left the Thalia
declared "Because Mr. Schwartz was so
insolent to me."
The lawyers finally disentangled
themselves from the legal labyrinth in
which they had been lost and submitted
the case as they said on its merits.
His honor decided that the legal prob
lem was a deep and intricate one and
withheld Judgment until to-morrow
morning.
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS
James I. Gullck Is registered at the Oc
cidental.
Professor E. Fluge Is at the California
from Stanford.
C. R. Scott of Portland Is staying at
the Occidental.
Charles Erickson Is at the Grand from
San Luis Oblspo.
S. B. Archer la registered at the Bald
win from San Jose.
W. A. Munro and wife of Vancouver
are at the Occidental.
H. de dcmmom of Paris is at the Pal
ace with his daughter.
Attorney E. W. Way bright of Denver
is a guest at the Palace.
W. W. Middlecough, an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Grand.
George A. Bixly and wife of Los An
geles are at the Occidental.
J. H. Morgan and wife of Napa are
registered at the Occidental.
Lewis T. Wright, manager of the Kes
wick mine, is at the Palace.
Rev. J. A. Kurz, a minister from Du
buque, la., is at the Baldwin.
J. B. Fuller, the Marysville Bank Com
missioner, is at the California.
> Mr. Friedlan
) der, the manager
I of the Baldwin
, Theater, is to be
seen every even
ing: -'standing In
1 the lobby of the
_wwwww^___ house, where he
regularly arrives at about 7 o'clock and
remains attending to the various little
matters that are constantly arising until
AN INSTANCE
OF
COOL NERVE.
the show is over. His life is made a bur
den to him by the number of requests
that are continually made for free ad
mittance by those who desire to have a
good time without paying for It, and the
schemes that are put up on him to gain
an entrance would fill a book. But long
experience In the business has made him
a rather smooth article himself, and it
has to be a pretty clever ruse that 1b suc
cessful.
The other night, as he was standing In
his accustomed place watching the audi
ence file in to listen to the Bostonlans, a
well-dressed young fellow rushed up to
him, and, grasping him by the arm, 9ald:
"Mr. Frledlander. Just step inside with
me for a moment, will you? I want to
show you something." Friedlander,
thinking that something was wrong with
the house, complied, and the two passed
in together. As soon as they got inside
the young fellow, pointing to one of the
seats at the side of the dress circle, said:
"You Just stand here a) moment and
sook." He then went over and took the
seat while Friedlander stood and watched
him. The stranger seated himself, and,
picking up a programme, commenced to
scan it, while the manager continued to
stand and watch as he had been bidden.
After about ten minutes had passed Mr.
Friedlander became impatient, and walk
ing over, touched the young fellow on the
shoulder and said, "I have been standing
there as you directed but have seen noth
ing. What does this proceeding mean?"
"Seen nothing," exclaimed the young
man. "Have you not seen the smoothest
piece of work of your life? Have you not
seen yourself worked by a stranger for
an admittance and a seat? Now, leCs
get down to business. Are you going 'to
have me thrown out and get the ha ha
all along the line, or are you going to
give me the reward due for such a mag
nificent exhibition of nerve and allow me
to remain?"
"You may remain." said Friedlander,
after a moment's careful thought.
The story got out through a couple who
had entered at the same time and, oc
cupying seats directly back of the one
filled by him of the nerve, witnessed the
whole little scene.
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Grant of Tarry town,
N. T., are staying at the Palace.
M. W. Kern arrived from New Orleans
last night and went to the Palace.
Senator H. V. Morehouse has come up
from San Jose and is at the Lick.
Rev. H. M. Baker of Los Angeles is at
the Grand, accompanied by Mrs. Baker.
J. W. Cooper and wife of Indianapolis
are among yesterday's arrivals at the
California.
Dr. E. V. Tiffany, one of the leading
physicians of Plymouth, Cal., is a guest
at the Grand.
G. M. Foote, County Clerk of San Be
nlto County, Is at the Grand from his
home in Holllster.
George F. Curtis, Law Librarian of
Congress, arrived at the Palace yester
day from Washington, D. C.
Major Bartlett of the United States
Marine Corps arrived at the California
yesterday with his wife from San Diego.
It is not known what brought him home
so soon, but Immediately on his arrival
in the city he communicated with the
commandant at Mare Island and gave
orders to the hotel people to call him at
once should any message arrive for him
no matter what the hour of the day or
night.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— Mr. and Mrs.
Stanley Stillman of San Francisco are at
the Shoreham. Hugh Craig will leave
Washington to-morrow for New York,
and will sail on Wednesday next for
Europe. Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento
left for home to-night. State Senator
Gleaves of Redding, who was recently ap
pointed Surveyor-General of California,
leaves for San Francisco to-morrow.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— Wyatt H. Alden
of San Francisco is at the Holland House,
and H. C. Reno of San Francisco is at the
Grand Union Hotel.
Will Develop Alaska Mines.
The Sunrise Mining Company of Alaska,
organized for the purpose of developing
Alaska mines, filed articles of incorpora
tion yesterday. The capital stock of the
corporation Is $1,000,000, all of which has
been subscribed. The directors are: .fcli
D. Baumlster, Fred Smith, William A.
Farish, Cassius C. Clark and William H.
Bailey.
Advances rhade on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017- lO2S Mission.
WHO MAY USE
HOTEL PHONES
Non-Subscreibrs May Not
" Ring Up " at Their
Will.
Contracts With the Telephone
Companies Can Be En
forced.
An Interesting Decision Rec«ntly
Rendered by Justice Cox of
the Snpremo Court.
May hotel guests use the office
phone?
According to authorities they cannot
—at least at their own sweet will. As
sociate Justice Cox, of the Supreme
Court of the District of Columbia, has
lately decided what Is known as the
Hotel Fredonla telephone case, which
has attracted much attention.
It s^ems that the proprietor of the
hotel procured a telephone for his pri
vate business, and signed the usual
contract. The guests of the hotel used
the telephone for their wants. The
company notified the proprietor that
the phone would be removed unless
the contract was complied with. The
proprietor applied for an injunction to
prevent the removal. Judge Cox de
cides that the telephone company has
the right to have the contract com
plied with, and may terminate the use
of the phone if the agreement is vio
lated; that the proprietor could not
permit the phone to be used for other
purposes than those mentioned in the
agreement, and should not allow the
guests of the hotel to use it for their
private business, such as calling for
stock reports, ordering theater tickets,
etc. The Judge says:
The telephone company Is obliged to
maintain a ppecial plant and is entitled
to charge for all services rendered. All
that the law requires is that the company
shall not discriminate between its pa
trons, but must serve all persons on the
same terms. The explicit terms of the
contract made between the parties In W6
are that the telephone shall be for the
subscriber's use only, and on a breach of
the terms the contract is violated. When
the subscriber allows others to use his
telephone it is an abuse of the time of the
telephone operator. Tt is also an in
fringement on the rights of the telephone
company. Furthermore it is an Infringe
ment of the rights of other subscribers.
The guest of the hotel does not have his
telegrams sent free of charge, nor does
he secure the service of messengers and
the use of carriages without pay. Why
should he be allowed to use the telephone
without paying for its use?
The case seems to be one of great
interest to all telephone companies and
has been very generally noticed in the
newspapers throughout the United
States.
Are There Two Lewises P
Edwin Lewis, a financial agent for an
insurance company, says he wants the
public generally to understand that he is
not the straw bondsman by that name
recently indicted by the Grand Jury for
perjury in the Codlin robbery case. He
claims that he ha? gained considerable
notoriety in the case, and would like it
clearly understood that there is mor«
than one Edward Lewis in this great
metropolis.
One Dose Will Stop a Cou&h.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure never falls,
try It; 25c. For sale by all druggists. •
KNIGHTS OF GOLDEN EAGLE.
There was a good attendance in th«
hall of California Castle In Native Sons'
Hall last Tuesday night on the occasion
of the smoker given by the members.
The committee of arrangements, F. A.
Miller, A. Hanselman and H. Kelly, pro
vided a good programme of song, music
and boxing contests. The boxers were
McKiernan and Baker, and others who
took part were Charles Mierdlerks, N. de
Marias and members of the castle. There
were addresses by Louis Berger, TV. O.
Macdougall and others, after which there
were pipes and tobacco and a collation
and light refreshments.PATRIOTIC
ENTHUSIASM
AT THE FAIR
Prospects of a Great
Attendance for the
Maine Benefit.
Will Be Such an Outburst
of Feeling as Has Sel
dom Been Witnessed.
Interesting Features of Yester
day's Programme and New-
Events Coming.
PRESIDENT JORDAN TALKS
A Unique Collection of Canaries Is
Now to Be Seen at the Great
Pavilion.
There Is every probability that the
attendance at the Mining Fair to-mor
row will be so great as to be memora
ble.
All the proceeds go to the immediate
relief of those left dependent by the
GRIEF AND HONOR FOR THE NATION'S DEAD,
loss of the brave mariners w*hose lives
lost on the ill-fated Maine.
Thru there is still a great deal of
sympathy and patriotism in this conn
try is evident from enthusiastic dem
■it ions at public meetings and
where. These evidences of deep
lence for the relatives and sorrow
for the dead burst forth spontaneous
ly whenever a patriotic air is heard
hen the names of the martyred
heroes are mentioned.
It will be an object les^nn in gen
uine patriotism to witness the festivi
ties at the Pavilion to-morrow. Thert
is no doubt that the playing of pat
ii"tic airs will move the great con
course that fills the Pavilion on that
occasion as audiences have not been
affected since the stormy days of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-
MEDICAL
TREATMENT
.
THIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM-
*- bined curative powers of both medical and
electrical treatment, as administered by the
skilled physicians of the Electro-Medical Insti-
tute, cor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, has
proven a wonderful success, exercising over
disease a curative power never before known
to the Medical World. The Doctors of this
Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
quickly that those who bad lost all hope of
health are -amazed at thb wonderful results
obtained through this new system of Electric-
ity and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
Is given and perfect cures speedily follow,
many of which would .have been impossible
through electrical treatment alone or medical
treatment alone.
RJEDVEC Insomnia, Hysteria; Chronic
RClllCdi Headaches. Nervous Twich-
ings. Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness/Evil
Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
Spells, Nervous Debility and all its attendant
aliments. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, producing weakness
of body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in back,
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-
toms. Our Electro-Medical Treatment is the
only successful euro for nervous ailments.:
blinilf ITICII £n(1(in kindred diseases
nflCUnlA I IdlM of the joints and muscles
yield at once to its influences.
PitTIBBU of the Nose, Throat. Lungs and
VA I ll tiki Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never fails. -
Dl Altn JJCin ClfIN diseases of all
BLUUU Anil SIUN classes thorough-
ly eradicated from tho system. J/_ ;
nEOf ICC? of the Heart, Stomach, Liver,
il£&£fc4t^£& Kidneys, Bladder and kindred
organs treated by the Electro-Medical System
with ailing success. . .■_"  . i
I A nice This Electro-Medical Combined ■;
Lf&UlCdi treatment is a boon to sufferers j
from all diseases peculiar to women. ■■ , ;
UffSSTC If you cannot call, and get the
111 I C Doctors' opinion of your case.
CONSULTATION FREE£S?K£
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
Entrance. 3 Eddy St. SAN FRANCISCO, CAfe ; j
late Avar.
Managers of the fair nre working with
unabated interest to make the event
a success in every detail. The pro
gramme will be diversified and enter
taining throughout, special arrange
ments having been made for unique
features and novelties.
The preparation for the benefit of the
families of those killed in the Maine
disaster have been completed by the
members of the citizens' committee, and
to-morrow night will be given one of
the greatest and most diversified pro
grammes that have ever been rendered
in this city. Thousands of. merchants
of the city are endeavoring to assist,
and in consequence the donations that
have been made are very numerous.
On Monday night the free list will be
entirely suspended and every one is ex
pected to pay for his ticket. The man
agement of the fair have been generous
to a degree, and the entire proceeds of
Monday are for the worthy cause.
One of the special features for Mon
day night will be the representation of
the "Battle of Winchester." Tents will
be pitched around the grand stand and
Company M of the National Guard,
under the command of Captain
O'Xeale, will present vivid pictures of
life on the tentflelds. After the con
clusion of this special number the en
tire audience \vill unite in singing the
national anthem. Everybody who at
tends on Monday night will be pre
sented with a copy of the anthem, and
it will doubtless be sung as it never
has been before.
The professional talent that has vol
unteered is almost more than can be put
on, and the programme will last for
over two hours. The Lazello Broth
ers will appear in their marvelous
Spanish rings act. and the Martels will
be seen in their famous bicycle riding,
and in the afternoon Mrs. Martel will
give a special exhibition for the ladies.
Blockson. the mimic and banjo player,
will appear, as will Antonio, the cele
brated juserler. There are a number
of other specialties, and among them
the Acme Quartet will sing familiar
selections under thr> direction of Pro
fessor Rogers. The salute will be
fired by Captain John Holtum, who will
use the cannon from which he catches
the cannon ball. The Union Iron Works
will have on exhibition on Monday
night and afternoon models of the war
ships of the United States navy. Over
seven hundred tickets have been sold
to these works alone.
M. C. Lawrence, the greatest bicycle
trick rider in the world, who has com
pleted an engagement at the Orpheum,
will also appear, while G. M. Schilling,
the one-armed athlete, will give an ex
hibition. He is now on a walking tour
around the world.
From the way in -which the tickets
have been selling the largest crowd
that has ever been inside of the Pa
vilion at any one time will be present
j on to-morrow night.
The Stanford colors were predomi
nant at the Mining Fair yesterday. Stu
dents began to arrive early and made
the building resound with their college
j cry. In the afternoon President De
i nicke escorted Professor David Starr
Jordan, president of the university, to
the grand stage, and in a very happy
address introduced him to the audi
ence. Another fortunate coincidence
was the meeting of the State Board
of Trade at the Mining Fair, and the
i members were invited to occupy seats
| upon the platform. Among those who
i were present were W. H. Mills, General
| N. P. Chipman, E. W. Maslin, J. A.
] Filcher and others.
Professor Jordan took as his theme
I tn e necessity of a home government for
Alaska, and spoke in part as follows:
"It is not my intention to-day to
dwell upon California's mining indus
tries, for you have an exemplification
before you of the gold of the State;
| rather would I address you upon the
. necessity of popular laws* for the Gov
■ eminent of Alaska, to which all
| thoughts are now tending, and to which
i Ran Francisco is the natural gateway.
; Alaska is a territory many times more
! extensive than the United States, yet
; it lacks the stable government afforded
I to every portion of the United States,
! and the protection by law, and Federal
1 and State processes accorded to other
1 States. In reality the only rule, or
law, that prevails is that dictated by
| the Greek church, or the agent of the
| commercial companies residing within
j certain small limits'.
"When I was in Washington a few
1 weeks ago, and talked with President
McKinley he expressed his desire to ex
tend to that territory all the benefits
of the United States Government, and
' throw around it all safeguards. In the
i absence of power he has to await the
! action of Congress, but there is no rea
! son why any portion of the United
| States, no matter how far removed,
1 should be deprived of the benefits af
' forded to the citizens in the most po-pu
lous centers. Legislation is needed to
correct these evils, and the sooner the
i minds of our legislators are Impressed
with the necessity of immediate action,
i in giving to Alaska the same form of
: government as is given to other Terri
tories, the sooner will there be a change
• in the present situation."
Upon the conclusion of his remarks
j President Jordan received an ovation.
j The audience appreciated his efforts,
: although his address was delivered in
a hall very difficult to talk in, and when
he descended from the platform he re
.! celved many hearty handshakes.
The managers of the" affair have add
! Ed a most interesting bird show to the
j exhibit. This is similar to the well
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
known exhibits common in Europe.
The birds are entirely full blooded
birds from prize-winning stock of the
leading European exhibitors. The
classes comprise clear yellow, buff and
variegated Norwich, crest and crest
bred; clear yellow, buff and dark York
shire, a breed which has superseded the
Belgian, always a delicate bird. York
shire cinnamons, yellow and buff, with
the gold and silver lizards, are other
classes. The latter are a favorite breed
with European fanciers, the gold bird
and silver being always paired togeth
er. And with the crest-bred class a
crest is always paired with a crest bred.
One of the most beautiful in color is
the Yorkshire cinnamon, of which there
are two colors, yellow and buff cinna
mon, several of which in this exhibit
are from a bird which was unbeaten at
three of the leading English bird
shows. The cinnamon class is a favor
ite one in England; one breeder having
won .over 1000 cups and prizes at the
bird shows in this class alone.
The owner has spared no trouble or
expense to acquire a magnificent col
lection of fancy canaries, and this is
the first time they have been exhibited
in their entirety. A half-dozen cages
of representative specimens were, how
ever, loaned to the Chamber of Com
merce in Los Angeles, and attracted so
much interest that upon their removal,
at the request of the superintendent,
they were replaced by a few others, as
so many people attending the Chamber
of Commerce daily to see the birds
would otherwise have been disappoint
ed.
The following is the programme for
to-day:
Ovprture, "Prometheus" Beethoven
"Ang-els" Serenade" Braga
Air and Gavotte from Suite In D Bach
Stings of England Godfrey
Quartet for trombones
Messrs. F. K. Tobin, Klotz, Delaay and
Gutman.
IXTKRMISSION.
Overture, "Tannhauser" Wagner
Solo for cornet
W. B. Rogers.
Panctus, Solennelle Gounod
Priect War March from Athalla. .Mendelssohn
SUNDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 27.
Overture. "Rienzl" Wagner
Symphony No. 6 (second mpvement). Beethoven
Solo for trombone
F. K. Tobin.
Chorus. German singing societies
Fantasie, "A Night in Berlin" Hartmann
INTERMISSION.
Solo for cornet
W. B. KoKers.
Variations on a German Volkslied Ochs
In the style of (l> Bach, (2) Hay-ln
(3) Mozart, (4) Strauss, TS) \>rril'
(6) Gminod. (1) Wagner, (S) Beethov.-n
(?) Mendelssohn, (10) Brahms, (11) Mev
prbeer. (12) March.
March from "La Prophete" Meyerbeer
In the finals of the events of the Aca
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PgjZS? ffiiSS^K« 'ti&iffa&j& IMS:
(j£s6» FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $330.
639 Jack Martin. 5 102 3
(,"71) Fortunate. 4 110! 4
614 O'Fleta, 8 jos! 6
a 2 Sil'.pr State, a 100| 5
<iO- Viking. 4 104| 8
."8 Hazard, 5 109! I
65' i Tna Que Amo, 6.. 100] 7
KM Stnrlintr. a W<' 2
5 5 2%
4 %
3 h
1 n
6 %
2 '>
7 li
8 -'
3 h
1 h
4 4
2 n
6 4
B 2
7 3
8
2 11.4
1 »
3 ',4 >
4 4
5 3
6 %
1 3
. 8 :
1 m [Stevens 6 / 4
2 1 Conley 3-5/7-10
3 2 Thorp? 5 6
il,, 'Clawson 12 20
524 Spencer ...... so 100
6U, IE. Jones ..... 5 8
712 I**-' Narvaez .. 100 200
8 IMcMehols ... 100 300
Won'flrVS drilg *• McLemore<B * * by George Klnney-Prineess. "
0...10 ...1 iw AW
Good start.
05 Y # SECOND RACE-Slx furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; pur7e7HsoT
647 Charles A, a,. 10412
647 Cenamela, 5 .1071 6
2:,1 Daylight, 6 1071 1
649 Veragua, 5 112' 3
637 Humbug. 4 101 6
6.'»5 : Last Chance, a :..*.] o4 4
630 NIC Nac, 5.. ...... 102' 7
60S William 08. 6 ....1071 8 ;
1 n
3 h .
2 h
5 %
4 n
6 I' 4
7 12"
8
2 2
1 ns
3 n ■
4 2
5 2
6 6
7 12
• 8 ■ v .
In '
.2 2^4
I 3 «4 i
4 2
6 2
6 5
7 8
8 ■
i>
3 h
4 7
B 4
6 8
7 25
8
■r
>n
*sy ...J
s .... I
4
2
2
3
SO
30
60.
10
6
3
3-2
6
13
200
15
laid ...
'son . . .
s f 1 __ , -- .....„, 1, ..., L ,j la
Time, 1:17. Winner. A.M. Linnell's blk. g. by John A-Early Rose. Good "start" ~Won
«! handily.. ••■--- - : ■■.&■■ -'■■'<-■ ■■ -■• -;- ■-•- ■•-.'• -,■■■ , . ■ , • Lttrtl ° ,
658 ■' T ** IRD RACE— Four furlongs: two-year-old colts; the Malowansky stake?; value,
- Index. Horses. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys^ Op c) -
S4S Milt Young ........US 3 ... ... 4h 3 1.4 Ins, 'Clayton :~^ »
(26 Frank Ireland ....118 6 ... ... ■2h .' 2 2V4 2 n IClaWson " . 2
•MS Obsidan US 2 ... ... ' 11 'lh 34 ' Tborpa ' ' ' ' "•' 1 j!
(616) Semicolon ..........118 5 ... ....[ 8 n ..5 4 4 2 |Tubf>rviiie '"V > £
6:^B Native Son ..v;.. 115! 4 ... .•..■5 4 6.', ; 5.6 Conley •*:• ; -»; ,5
622 Rainier ..... ;...•.... 1151 1 ... ...^ 6 -. 4 % 6 Jones .i!"VV ■:, 1 2..: 2
>n .......
n n .....
I 2 3
■ * •
vl 4-5
' :3:" '.:5
10 : 20
I--8---8
•Coupled with Milt Young. ~
Time. :50U. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Montana Regent-Lucerne o^j , „♦„ »
Won first three driving. UOOQ "tart.
659. F hurd™ ?u«Siloo! and a quarter mllea: four - year olds a nd^rt : . over, five
Index. Horses. Weight. JSt. Std. %m. %m. - %m: Str. Fin.' j Jockevii ■'"■ — in™ ■■ m '
1 fit.
288
r.ci .
641
234 -
655
I Reeß. 6 1
or S, 6 :
Ita. a :
oni. 6 ;
n. a
■
3
-36
: 5 -
. 4 H-
1 3
_i H ;
28
5
4 8,
"■■l 4."
3 2 :
In „. 13 14
S ;;4 2r 1 45,
4 8 8 6 -2 %
- 2 10 ..-.•• 2 5 --'3 2
: - 3»4 - 5 ■...••:.' B- ;■■
1 2%
1 2 V;
3 12
4 40
' 6 -
'Hueston
Peters ... "■
McAuliff ..""
Kpnny
Barry ....!."'.
4-5 4-5
15 20
5-2 11-5
15 20
3 6
Time. 2:25&.
Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's eh. g. by Imp. Roaslngton-Ada Reese. Good starT
S»S>/~k FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $360.
fi<r. Dr. Marks I
(268) OcJdson !
CIS Moringa !
592 Watomba 1
4r.l Rebel Jack I
618 Bonnie lone I
i' 92 Novln ]
(808) Prince B 1 azes 3
I 4
I 3
\ l
8 h
-.7 4
4 '4
2 n
5 «i
6 h
8
1 h
''■'4 h
i 6 1
1 3 H
81-.H
5 h
7 2H
2 n
8 h
2 2
5^ .'
1 h
4 1
7 3
8
6 n
■- 3 n
, -2 2"->
. 0 1
1 h
«8
r, 3
7 2
3 -•-"■■
1 14
2% -
3 1
4 h
5 1
C .1
7 1
8
Martin
>rpe .
Brown
ll»v
3V 6
-10 » 4
15 :'■■:••;
25 •;•
8 .^ v
40 r: 1
20 j
SO
iley
onnor ......
l>onu!<l
Time. 1:3114. Winner. B. Schrelber's b. g. by Sir Dlxon-Belle Palmer
Won first three driving.
Good start.
661.
SIXTH RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; selling; purse, 1350.
-
-::
(635) Royal Fan
(38 Master Buck j
Ml Canace !
6.T8 La Paraaseuße
63S Kaclne Murphy — !
. . . Ocorona ...' :
3
2
1
5
i .'i'*>iv£i "
... t!;:-l 1*
...• 4 h -
2 h
.;; 3 2
"... ■ ■ 5 > :- : :
■ 1 2
2 3
3 n
4 2
6
uea . ....
:hols . . .
7-20
30
nn
. 7
dan ....
•Left.
Time, :36%. Winner, L. H. Ezell's eh. t. by Prince-Royal Fan Fare. Good start. Won
ridden out.
demic Athletic Club, in the running
high jump Brock of the Berkeley High
School was first with 5 feet 4% inches
as his record. Folet of the Polytechnic
High School was second. In the run
ning broad Jump Sumner of the Oak
land High School won with a record
of 18 feet 8 inches, with Brock of the
Berkeley High School second and Ir
win of the same school third. In the
standing broad jump Brock, Berkeley
High School, was first, with 9 feet 1
inch; Aberdie, Berkeley High School,
second; and Ricomi of the same school
third.
The events were characterized with
great spirit between the various
schools, and the young athletes dis
played remarkable physical develop
ment.
Was Ejected From a Train.
J. P. Carreia has commenced suit
against the Southern Pacific Company to
recover $12,r<00 damages. Carreia alleges
that on the 22rl inst. he was ejected from
a train by defendant's employes at Shell
Mounft Park. He contends that he was
on his way to Atwater, and procured a
ticket entitling him to ride to that sta
tion, and his ejection was without war
rant and illegal.
LOYAL TO THE
ADMINISTRATION
The Maine Disaster Discussed
by the Union League
Club.
Some Stirring and Patriotic Resolu
tions Were Unanimously
Adopted.
A special meeting of the Union League
Club was held in its rooms in the Palace
Hotel last night to express sentiments on
the Cuban cause and Maine disaster and
confidence in the present administration.
The meeting was presided ovei by the
Hon. Tirey 1... Ford, wbo made a few
opening remarks. In which he explained
the object of the meeting- and expressed
his confidence In the present administra
tion. Genera! N. P. Chipman, in behalf
of the executive committee, presented
the following resolutions, which were
unanimously and enthusiastically adopt
ed:
The members of the Union f League Club of
San -.Francisco cannot be Indifferent to the
momentous responsibilities' and the exceed
ingly delicate and trying circumstances sur
rounding our Chief Executive, and In view of
which he Is called upon* to maintain the na
tional honor and at the- same- time, If possi
ble, to avert the dread arbitrament of war.
Deeply impressed by the gravity of the sit
uation and mindful of our' duties and respon
sibilities as American citizens we declare:
That we have an unfaltering" confidence In
the wisdom and patriotism ;of President Me-
Klnley and in his ability to direct the des
tinies of the republic, in so far as the duty
may devolve upon him. with that dignity and
high -sense of honor which should characterize
a great and powerful and self-respecting- na
tion..
That we have mke confidence. in the Ameri
can Congress, ami believe that It will, as it
ever has done, boldly and patriotically, meet
any emergency that may present itself; and,
that the people of this country may. safely look
to both the executive and legislative arms
of our Government for an honorable solution
of all International questions, which -have
arisen or may arise hereafter, in accordance
with Justice and the best traditions of our
history as a nation.
That while the better sentiment of the.civ
ilized world to-day deprecates war as a means
for the settlement of International differences,
we recognize the fact that a just cause for
resort to the conflict of arms may arise; and,
should such cause appear at the present crisis,
we believe It to bo the duty of Government
to meet the Issue with promptnss and with
all its power. 1
Nevertheless It Is our duty to abide with
self-possession the result of the Investigation
now proceeding at Havana; and, as was re
cently said by ex-President Harrison,' "Stand
about our Executive, strengthening him In'
calm assurance, that. -this great - country de
sires only what is right and can wait until
the facts are known before It ■ Issues its
proclamation." Should It appear, however,
from such investigation that the Government
of Spain was directly or Indirectly respon
sible for the destruction of the battle-ship
Maine, and for the cruel and awful holocaust
of her brave and heroic crew, it is our firm
conviction that, in such case, a mere money
Indemnity should not be permitted alone to
efface the Indignity and Insult shown to our
flag nor to wipe out the memory of the mur
derous and atrocious assnsMnatlon of our
sailors; but that national honor and national
safety for the future and national dignity de
mand, swift and unmistakable punishment of
the people guilty of such unparalleled treach
ery; and we further declare that in our belief
the people of the Pacific coast stand ready to
respond to any call that may he made by the
authorities at Washington In defense of our
flag whenever or wherever or for whatever
cause assailed.
Short addresses on the lines of the sen
timents expressed In the resolutions were
made by General Chipmnn. A. G Booth
Morris M. Estee, H. C. Dibble and other
members of the oluh.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
Jiigh-grade surreys, phaetons and bugglea
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
MILT YOUNG A
STAKE WINNER
Took the Malewansky
Stake in a Drive From
His Stable Mate.
Obsidian the Top-Heavy Fa
vorite Finished a Close
Third.
Four Favorites Turned Down — Poor
Fields and a Light Crowd In
Attendance.
The threatening weather and a very
scant and hungry looking card kept
the attendance down at Ingleside yes
terday. The sport was marked by lack
of enthusiasm, and but very little coin
changed ownership. The special at
traction offered was the Malewansky
stake for two-year-okls at four fur
longs, and was captured by the Corri
gan entry, Milt Young, with his sta
ble-mate, Frank Ireland, at his throat
latch. The Burns & Waterhouse colt,
Obsidian, was a top-heavy favorite in
the betting, and after being put
through the mill by Frank Ireland,
Milt Young cut off soon after the start,
came fast under Lonnle Clayton's hard
urging and won by a nose in :50Vi- The
favorite was beaten by a neck for the
place by Frank Ireland.
The winner is a good looking bay
colt by Montana Regent-Lucerne, and
in all of his preceding races has been
coming fast at the end. But for be
ing cut off he would have won hand
ily.
The going was slippery and some
very warm favorites fell by the way
side, Captain Rees, the jumper, and
Royal Fan being the only ones to cap-
ture purses.
By Holly's Fordham colt, Fortunate,
was an odds on favorite for the first
event on the card, a six furlong sell
ing sprint. He was Inclined to sprawl
about in the sticky mud going from the
start, and though finishing strong the
last part, was outfooted and beaten
less than a length by Jack Martin, the,,
Texas mud lark. The winner was 6
to 1 in the betting.
A change of trainers seemed to have
worked wonders with Charles A. The
black horse at odds of 5 to 1 in the six
furlong sprint that followed, made most
of the running and in a mile drive at
the finish, led the second choice, Ben
amela, past the Judges by a good mar
gin. Daylight, the 3 to 2 favorite,
looking, a bit too high, was a good
third.
The mile and a quarter hurdle event
was a tame affair. Captain Rees, the
Corrigan entry, a 4 to 5 favorite, ridden
by Huston, waited on Tortoni for over
half the distance, when he skipped to
the front and fairly rolled in. "Stew"
Peters made his move the last quar
ter with Major S, and took second place
from Monita.
After quite an extended vacation the
big Torso colt. Odds On, again came
out of his retirement, and was made
a 7 to 10 favorite in the betting on the
fifth event at seven furlongs. His odds
later lengthened to even money from j
the force of a heavy play on Dr. i
Marks, the second choice. The favor- I
lte met with hard luck at the outset, [
being badly cut off. M'atomba showed i
plenty of speed to the stretch, where i
the Doctor, ridden by "Skeets" Mar
tin, went to the front and driving at
the end, led the favorite out a length.
Moringa once more finished third.
The made-up race for two-year-olds
over three furlongs went to the 9 to 20
favorite, "Royal Fan, ridden by Jones.
In front from the start she won hard
ridden from Master Buck.
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID.
Catholic Laities' Aid Society No. 2 re-
I cently visited the Almshouse and gave a
! musical and literary entertainment for
the benefit of the inmates, who enjoyed
the several numbers. At the conclusion
of the programme Grand President Mar
! garet Deane delivered a short interesting
i address.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FOR
GRIP
1..a ©rippe. is cut short by the early
use of "Seventy-seven."
Colds, either fresh or long standing,
are broken up by "77."
Couffliware veryquickly banished and
Pneumonia prevented by "77."
Catarrh. Acute, is checked, and
Chronic is cured by "77."
Influenza or Cold in the Head van-
ishes before "77."
Sore Throatt Quinsy anfl Tonsllitis
all yield readily to "77."
The Symcm is sustained by "77,"
and you feel strong and vigor-
ous.
At dniKffists or sent prepaid on receipt of
price. 25c, 60c or $1.
Ask for Dr. Humphreys' Specific Manual of
all diseases at your Druggist's or Mailed free.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New York.
An Instrument of Torture.
ISA TRUSS MADE ON THE PLAN OF THE !
I above with a heavy steel or Iron band, as
you well know if you have been In the habit
of wearing one. Throw It away. Why will
you continue wearing such an Instrument of
tortore when we can furnish you a most offi-
ciant truss without any Iron hoops or steel
eiM-lnes about It, and one which may be worn
■CvTrh ease and comfort NIGHT and DAY?
As for CURES. "DR. PIHRCE'S PATENT
M4ONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS" has accom-
plished THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC '
truss- the only genuine and suecesful one ever i
invented and has been sold for the past ,
TWENTY-TWO years. If ruptured it will pay i
you to investigate at onoe. Consultation free. :
Trusses fitted without extra charge. Call or i
send 2<- In stiimps for otlr New Book on Rup- j
Hire This book also describes our New Ap-
pliance* for PILES, VARICOSE VEINS, etc.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY.
C2O Market St., opp Palace Hotel, S. F., 35 and
M, Sullivan Mock. Seattle, Wash.
__ ■ -.-':.--. . '.: ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE TRIUMPH OF SCIENCE.
Consumption Can Be Cured
■-J^=tk^[ ' I ;'T f\ 5j if *** &j*&
. Scene In The Slocum Laboratory.— Sketched for the San Francisco Call.
The Discoverer demonstrating the Value and "Wonderful Curative Powers of
• his New Discoveries to Friends and Students.
EDITOR'S NOTE: All readers of this paper anxious regarding the health*
of themselves, children, relatives or friends can have Three Free Bottles of
the Doctor's New Discoveries, with complete directions, by sending full
address to Dr. Slocum's Laboratory, Slocum Building, New York City.
A Cure for Catarrh, Consumption and
Lung Troubles; That Cures.
Foremost among the world's greatest
Medico-Chemists stands T. A. Slocum
of New York City. His efforts, which
for years had been directed toward the
discovery of a positive cure for con-
sumption, were finally successful, and
already his "new scientific system* of
medicine" has, by its timely use, per-
manently cured thousands of apparently
hopeless cases, and it seems a necessary
and humane duty to bring such facts
to the attention of all invalids.
He has demonstrated the dreaded dis-
ease to be curable beyond a doubt, in
any climate.
Indisputable facts prove that the
Doctor's new remedies are an absolute
cure for Consumption and all bron-
chial, throat, lung and chest troubles;
stubborn coughs, catarrhal affections;
scrofula, rheumatism, general decline
REMEMBER
That the 20 Per Cent Discount
Clearance
SALE
Of
ART GOODS
S. & G. GUMP'S,
113 GEARY STREET,
Closes Positively on February
28, 1898.
BASIL H. PAUL'S
AUCTION
Genuine DIIQC
Oriental nUUO,
CARPETS, -PORTIERES, Etc.,
MONDAY, TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY
AT t P. M. DAILY.
AT 116 SUTTER STREET,
Between Kearny and Montgomery.
EVERYTHING WILL BE SOLD OUT.
His auction sale 1b peremptory and ppnuine.
All will be sold out before he leaves the city.
FOR WHOSE ACCOUNT IT MAY CONCERN.
Mr. Paul must leave town this week; also
all unclaimed goods will be «nld out.
FRANK Bt'TTERFIET/D.
Auctioneer.
"WE MAKE MEN
STRENGTH VITALITY manhood
IN T\A/O TO -TEN DAYS
Weak and Impotent men can secure healthy, vigorous strength, vitality and develop-
ment in from two to ten days by the use of Dr. Archambault s Wonderful PARIS
VITAL SPARKS. In ninety per cent of the cases the results are permanent and last-
Ing. They cure varicocele, restore lost power, - give wonderful vigor and strength to .
man or woman,' build up quickly the weak. ; nervous, broken-down -.system. A FOOD
for nerves, brain and muscle. At last a remedy that Is beneficial to all and that acts
on the organs as rapidly as a cathartic acts on the bowels. Always effectual. Never
fails." Results permanent. ' " : ' : ■; • '.'".'
- DR. ARCHAMBAULT'S PARIS VITAL SPARKS
act at once, and their continued use for a few days builds a man or woman up won-
derfully. The medicine is a scientific French preparation, perfectly sale to use— can-
not possibly injure you. If you are saying to ■ yourself. "I wish _I. were dead, then
. there Is something wrong ; with the inner ■ . man; you are morbid, melancholy, un-
healthy -and' it is your duty to yourself and family to brace ■up and take PARIS
VITAL SPARKS. .. . * > .
Price $3.00 ? pac ppcp k ce a r ge 100 Doses A fg&TifigFP:*
\ SPECIAL OFFER: 48 CENTS. J
To Inspire i confidence in our ; remedies we will mail, closely sealed, • a regular., full
month's treatment, * 100 doses, -$3 package, of PARIS VITAL SPARKS for 4S lc stamps.
This entire offer Is an honest one 'from start, to finish. No deception, .> means ex-
actly what it says and is made by . a responsible and wealthy medical company, who
believe in doing as they would like , to ; be done :. by, ; and who - can .reTer to • the , leading ;
and largest banks at home and all newspapers In which, this advertisement : appears.
You cannot get something for nothing. Avoid all so-called free cures. No one can
pay for advertising medicines : and live and curev you . free. . Every offer . of , this kind
Is a. trap. When discouraged try our PARIS VITAL * SPARKS.' O;jr offer gives you
- Three : Dollars'., good value, if *in need of treafment, for only 48 cents.' .: We make no '
money when we send a full: month's treatment, one hundred doses, a three-dollar pack- ; .
age, for only 4S one-cent -stamps;: but our Paris .Vital Sparks are so reliable, so effec-
; tual, ; that we always make many other customers ; at full • prices . through your ■ certain
■ cure. -' J - ■'*■'- .* -. ' ' ; . ■ ■ ' ■ ' ---''■'■ ' '" '' --- .'.•-■--"■'■'■. ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
'- Just as soon as you commence to take PARIS VITAL SPARKS. Just so soon .will- .
you commence to feel yourself a man made over. Why not try to-day, or at least cut
this out? ■ >''■■:' ■:■. ,-■.-■':. .■-'.■: :.■■•'-■ v '' : :". ' •':- .' \\ .■-./■■ ~t* .
A SECOND YOUTH WILL COME AGAIN TO YOU.
NO C. O. D. • PACKAGES OR DECEPTIVE CIRCULARS I CALLING FOR MORE,
MONEY, BUT -THE ACTUAL MEDICINE SENT. WITH FULL DIRECTIONS. IN-
CLUDING A VALUABLE MEDICAL PAPER. ALL SENT -SECURELY- SEALED,
FREE FROM OBSERVATION. ALL CHARGES PREPAID .TO THE V. 8. OR CAN-
. ADA. v. ■•■ ■-. - ■ y->-v :•■■-.,-■■■, .■■-■■ : -.'- ■:.. -■-«-.:.:> •.-:■.'.-;-■ >jt- :■:...-■ - : -.' -
Foiling Vlftor in Cases Past Forty Our Great Specialty.
< v "SINCERITY In speaking -as they think, believing as they pretend, acting as they
profess, ' performing ; as they » promise, and being ;as » they -appear to be. : This is what
Dr. Archambault < Co. always . does."— Post. Write ■ to-day. Don't delay. Address .
pa nly The DR. ARCHAMBAULT CO.,
;■ 71 Pemberton Square, Boston, Mass.
and weakness, loss of flesh and all
wasting conditions; and to better dem-
onstrate its wonderful merits to suffer-
ing humanity he will senu Three Free
Bottles (The' Dr. Slocum New Scientific
System of Medicine) with full instruc-
tions, pamphlets,, etc., to any reader of
the San Francisco Call.
Simply write to T. A. Slocum, Manu-
facturing Chemist. 98 Pine street. New
I York, giving postoffice and express ad-
dress.
There is no charge for medicine or
correspondence advice.
Knowing, as we do, of the undoubted
efficacy of the Dr. Slocum .<ew System
of Medicine, we urge every sufferer to
take advantage of this most liberal
proposftion.
Please tell the Doctor, when writing,
that you read this generous offer in the
San Francisco Call.
Bm Ji ltlMß>r-y!lr 1H iM V WBk BV^^^^HSES^ 'Qn
BflHPiswlr^™ft •» ■ vi 0 *^ JK a eRSSB
AUCTION
OK ; REAL ESTATE ;
Probate Executor, Administrator • and ,
Miscellaneous Sale y
Monday, March 7, 1898
At 12 o'clock M.
AT SALESROOM,.!* MONTGOMERY ST.
the following" properties: •
NORA BEDELL ESTATE - ;
' .. Executor's Sale '.
Ist. No. 270-72 Lexington avenue, between 20th and
2lßt streets; 2 bay-window flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; brick foundation; 25x80 feet. --'
• 2d— No. 209 Diamond street. 100 feet south of 19th
street; cottage of 4 rooms and bath; - rent $11; 35x61
feet.
;: BRIDGET O'DAY ESTATE
/Administrator's Sale
Ist. South line of 25th street, 25 feet east of Bryant ■
•venue; lot 25x90 feet. -
. 2d. No. 228 Clara street, between sth and 6th streets;
2 story house of 6 rooms and bath; rent 115; 20:6x80 it.
MARY C. GRANT ESTATE
' Executor's Sale
No. 322 Fremont street, between Folsom and Harrison
streets; residence of 13 rooms and balb, etc., eta; lot .
24:3x100 feet to Grant alley. • . . , .
BLAIR ESTATE
. A<lininlNtrntor'H Sale . . .
Ist. No. 2131 Mission street, between 17th and 18th
streets, running through to Capp street; improvement*,
stores., balls, etc.; lot 50x245 feet: 2 frontages.
2d Undivided half interest in lot No. 6, Block No. 33,
West End Map No. 1. situated S. E. line of Old San Jose
road, distant .-/CO feet, more or legs, N.E. of Ocean House
road; thei.ee N. E. on Old San Jose road SOW feet;
thence 8. E. 207 feet to the northwest line of Delaware
avenue; thence 8. E. 80 feet; thence N. W. 218 feet to
beginning.
J. S. HOLLIDAY ESTATE
Executor's Sale
Ist. No 1731 Market street, southeast line between
Valencia and Brady streets; stores, flats and cottaget
rents. $90: lot 36:11x125 feet, running through to
Stevenson street. ■
2d. No. 252 4th street, southeast line, 55 feet north-
west of Folsom street; store and flat; rents, |65; 25x80 ft.
CATHERINE WALLACE ESTATE
Administrator's Sale
No." 1309 954 Lyon street; west line, 100 feet north of
Geary street; 2 fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; large lot.
NICE RESIDENCE
. No. 927 Haiftht street, between Dovlsad;ro and Brod- "
wrick streets; 2-story bonse of 9 rooms, hath and laun- ;
dry; bay windows, brick foundation, stone walks, etc.;
27x137.4 feet. .
ELEGANT BOULEVARD CORNER LOT
Southwest corner of Golden Gate avenue and Baker
street; 37Hx96:10K fret. Baker street 100 feet wide and
the boulevard to the Park. . . :.-
SOUTHSIDE. INVESTMENT
Nos. 11 to 17K Oak Grove avenue, 150 feet southeast of
. Harrison street, between sth and 6th streets; several
bouses ' rents f 120 per mpnth; lot 75x112H feet; street.
accepted. .kv, ; ..- • .
Further particulars, catalogue, etc., cheerfully given
At our office. • - •
6. H. UXBSEX & CO., Anctioueers,
' 11 Montgomery Street
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; ipen until 9:30 o'clock.
833 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61* Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
' 2261 Markft street, corner ' Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1606 Polk street; open until !>:3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftreets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block 223 Sutter st.. bet. .Kt-aniy and Giant
aye.— Christian Science WMe lessons; at n
a m subject, "The Woe of Rejecting, the
Joy of Receiving Tiuth." Sunday school for
children at the same hour. "Science and
Health" study Thursday at 8 p. m. All are
welcome.
TRINITY Church, Bush and Gough sts.. Rev.
I!»:iry E. Cooke, rector; Rev. H. S. Hanson,
assistant- Service every Sunday at 7:30 and
: m. MWi 7:80 p. m. Holy communion
will be celebrated every Sunday during L«?nt
at 7:30 and at 11 a, m. on Sundays, March
6 and 20, and April 3. All are welcome.
CAI/VART Presbyterian Church, corner Geary
and Powell sts., Rev. John Hemphill !>.!».
rastor— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. ;
topic, evening. "The Secret of Life Sei.f-
Bfivnallng " Music, morning. "Benedlc Anl-
ma" (E flat). S. P. Warren; offertory, "O for
the Wings of a Dove," J. S. Knight. Music,
evening, will be a service of song compris-
ing solos and quartets for the choir, and
hymns for the congregation. All are cordially
invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento St.. Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin H. Jenks.
co-pastor— Dr Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. m. Rev. Mr. JenL^ will preach at 7:30
p. m. Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P.
S. C E. at ti.ls p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday at 8 p. m. All are welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts.. Rev. George C. Adams. D.D..
pasi v— Morning service at 11 o'clock. Rev.
L H. Hallock, D.D.. pastor of Mills Colloege,
will preach In exchange with the pastor.
Evening service at 7:30 o'clock. The pastor
will preach; theme, "Alone With God.'
Sunday-school 'and Bible classes at 12:45
p. m. T. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p. m. Samuel
• D. Mayer, organist and choir master.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St.,
near Webster— Services ta-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:3 i) p. m. Sunday-school at 9:3<t a. m.
Rev. F. N. Cherington. D.D., pastor, will
preach morning and evening. Morning sub-
ject. "The Greatest of These Is Love." Even-
ing subject, "As the Sowing So the Reap-
ing." The public cordially invited.
HAMILTON Square Baptist Church, south side
P.st ?t.. near Steiner— Acting Pastor W. C.
Jenkins will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m. Young People's
meeting at 6:30 p. m. Subject of the even-
ing sermon. "Cities of Refuge." Baptism
will be administered at the evening service.
All perfectly welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence., 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:3u
p. m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Topic for morning. "Trembling for the Ark";
tn the evening. "Frances AVillard" memorial
service. Addresses by Mrs. L. P. Williams.
Mrs. Spencer. Mrs. Eyster, W. S. Matthew.
1). D.. and the pastor. Sunday-school at 12:31
p. m., C. B. Perkins, superintendent. Ep-
wortfa League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45. The
public cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers in attend-
ance.
THE First Divine Science Church of San
Francisco— M. E. Cramer. pastor; subject.
"The Truth Shall Make You Free." Services
at 11 a. m. Yosemite Hall, N. S.. G. W.
building. Mason st.. between Post and Geary.
Sunday-school. 12:30 p. m.
STRANGERS' Sabbath Home, Howard-st.
Methodist Episcopal Church. 643 Howard St.,
2 blocks from Palace Hotel.— Rev. John A. B.
Wilson, D.D.. pastor. Preaching at 11 a. m.
by the Rev. Edwin Hart Jenks. D.D., co-
pastor with the Rev. Dr. Mackenzie of the
First Presbyterian Church this city; sub-
ject. "Sirs, We Would See Jesus." At 7:30
p. m. the pulpit will be occupied by the Rev.
Oliver C. Miller. D.P., the eloquent young
pastor of the Church of the Holy Spirit. Spe-
cial music by great chorus and autlphonal
choirs. All are always welcome.
THEOPOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
nleht at 8 o'clock. Native Sons' building, by
Miss M. A. Walsh; subject. "Peace or War."
Wednesday, at 8 p. m., house warming in
new headquarters. ■ Odd Fellows' building,
cor. Seventh and Market !*tn. ; special dedi-
cation exercises; all are invited.
SAN FRANCISCO Theosophlcal Society. 819
Market street. Lecture to-night, "Universal
Brotherhood." by Mrs. Alice L. Cleather of
London. In place of the regular Tuesday
evening branch meetine there will be a
Wacnerian recital, with stereopticon views,
by Mrs. A. L. Cleather and Rasll Crump of
. London. The hall to be advertised Monday.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (Unsec-
tarian) has for one of Its objects "To help
worklngmen and women to realize the nobil-
ity of their calling and their true position in
life ." Meetings even.' Saturday evening at
819 Market St., at 8 o'clock.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, El Do-
nndo Hall, Alcazar building. O'Farrell St..
Sunday evening, February 27; song service,
7:30; Mrs. R. S. Llllle of. Boston will lecture;
subject, "Spiritualism and the Poets,'" con-
tinued ; admission, 10c.
A LESSON— To-morrow (Monday), at 35 Eddy
St.. 2:30 p. m., where spirit and soul meet;
how mind Is created and Its power over dis-
ease from a phrenological . standpoint: at
! , S p. m., "Every Man His Own Healer."
0 Admission 10c.
AT Dr. Rines Spiritual Society, 909 Market
St., 11, free; 2, 8 p. m.. 10c; Mrs. Scaly, Gil-
llngham. Dr. Carpenter. 'Hanson, others;
.■ Dr. 261 Arlington st. Tues., Thurs., Friday,
in to a p. m.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH'S spiritual test
meeting to-night; questions answered: psy-
- chtimetric readings. 11l Larkin st.. lower hall;
office, Brunswick Hotel, Oakland; -test clr-
* cle very Tuesday evening, 25c; sittings dally.
: MME. MONTAGUE will hold meeting In San
Francisco Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock,
c opp. Tivoli, Washington Hall; questions an-
swered; also readings. :' . V,-..-
TEST developing circle 2 p. m.. 8 p. m. : test
meeting. 10c. 335 McAllister st. Nita,-Meak-
c in. Stitt, Hargrave,. Evens. Gilllngham, others.
OAKLAND— Coonley's slate writing, spir-
"' it portrait and phenomenal seance to-night,
- Ke. r 10101* Washington st.; sittings dally.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie seance. 12
.; . o'clock. 503 Post, to-night, S o'clock, , 40»
T,eavenworth.
MISSION. 1133— T0-night. Mrs. Favre: test meet-
. . ing; lecture by an Eastern lady; lifting the
• ''.veil; 10c.
• OAK, 112%— Circle to-night; Tuesday, 8 p. m.;
•Thursday, 2 p. m. ; readings. $1; Mayo Steers.
NEW test meeting Thursday ev>.; Mrs. Shrlner
and Mrs. Robinson. 997 Market st. ; 10c.
: MME.. YOUNG;, test circle to-night; 10c; con-
vincmg tests. 605 McAllister st. ■-
»■•'.' : MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No7~l~I~O. ~^flffrfti
O. F. -Initiation on MONDAY jSifBZSIBRk.
EVENING, February 28. Visiting VjfjSßSgSf
,;. brothers cordially Invited. <SSfci#w
j__ C. E. POST. N. G. ,
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No ~-'YVH'tr
107. I. O. O. F. -Of fleers and ■=^3$X~
members are requested to meet : *s^?2?r"
.' at their hall, SUNDAY. Febru- ' «lw •
ary. 27 at 2 o'clock p. m., to attend the
funeral of our late brother, DENIS ' TRE-
15 yC Q ; P. BIGUE, N. G.
R. LAV TONE. Secretary.
A MEETING of the it Patrick's day fenflßl
convention of 1898 will be held THIS VA\vjf
SUNDAY. February 27. in K. R b «x »
Hall. Mason and O'Farrell sts! at x \ <vj
2:30 p. m. All Irish. Irish-American «*»
national, military, benevolent, literary and
social societies are requested to . send five
delegates each. Officers of former conven-
tions, grand marshals, orators and poets are
entitled to seats In the convention. Jeremiah
Mahonej-, Judge M. Coonoy and R. C O'Con-
• nor will address the convention. Alfred E
Nowlan will favor the convention with vocal
selections. By order - • .
FRANK CONKLIN ' Pres
■ ° J. J. MORAN, Sec.
'ST. PATRICK'S day celebration— The *^fST>
Irish national holiday will he cele VaTOJI
hratc-d on a magnificent scale at the % f
• Chutes on THURSDAY. March 17. cf%jsj
• • under the ! auspices of the County •^'s?
■ ■ Lfttrim Social Club: grand" display of 'fire-
works appropriate to the occasion; balloon
ascension: literary exercises, etc.
' NATIONAL Association ! Stationary Engineers
S. F. No. — Important business meeting
TUESDAY, March 1, 8 p. m. . 20 Eddy st
, C. C. ELSASSER. President
W. T. BONNEY, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of -stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market at., • San Francisco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY, the Ist day of March.
18SS. at the hour of 11 o'clock a.: m.. for: the
purpose of electing a . board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, , and ..the trans-
action of such other business, as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
..on SATURDAY. February 26. at 12 o'clock m.
. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. •
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year tor. Jl SO, postage
free* -■■.-- — m- 1
■.--. ■ •■ i
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
COi 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5550.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 up; whitened. $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth Ft. or 239 Third st.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet |
baths. 120\i Geary st., room 11. I
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ELEVENTH, 106- Branch office of Toe Call.
Subscriptions and want, ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICKS.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 78 (fifty !
cents per share) of the OCEANIC STEAM- •
SHIP COMPANY will be payable at the of- |
fice of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, March 1, IS9B. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday, February 23, 1898,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED- ft'EMALU.
LADIES requiring competent servants can be
accomodated at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 108
Geary st. Tel. Grant ISS.
AMERICAN woman wishes houseeleaning,
washing and ironing by the day; $1 day and
car fare. 731 Folsom st.
YtilNG cirl from the country wishes place to ;
mind baby or light housework. Please call J
or address 737 Howard St., room 2. j
WOMAN wants work by the day, sewing or
.housework. IS9 Fourth St., room 10.
LADY— Clever, quick, needle woman anxious i
for work; would assist dressmaker or tailor;
repairs, alterations; moderate terms. Box
1334. Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman; j
good cook; light housework; is also child's j
nurse and seamstress; references; would go to
the country. 508 Taylor st.
SWEDISH girl wishes to do general house-
work. 26 Kissling st.
NEAT, capable girl whose time Is occupied
during middle of the day will assist for
home; small compensation. Box 1342, Call.
WANTED— Dressmaking by the day in fami-
lies; tailor work a specialty.- M.ISS FITZ-
PATRICK, 151S California st.
HIGHLY respectable woman would like to j
care for an Invalid; understands massage
and magnetic treatment; a good sewer. Box J
1339, Call.
GIRL wishes position to do general house-
work in small family. 838 Haight St.
FIRST-CLASS cook, also a first-class nurse j
(Protestants), desire situations together or j
separate; city or country. Address box 1343,
Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to mind baby or
do light housework. 221 Fillmore st.
SWEDISH girl wishes place in American fam- ;
lly; is a first-class cook; willing to do the
washing. Call or address 60S Washington st.
GERMAN woman wants to work by the day; j
laundress or houseeleaning. Call 016'^ Second. !
COMPETENT woman, good cook and laun-
dress, wants cooking. Call or address H. M.
C. . 64S Valencia st. ; no cards.
SITUATION wanted by competent woman to
cook for boarders or general work in small
family; city or country. Address-box 1347, Call.
VERY reliable woman wishes situation as :
cook; no objection to general housework; '
sober and industrious; city or country; good
reference. 759 Mission st.
A YOUNG girl would ..Ae to assist with house- I
work or take care of children. Call 460 Minna, i
COMPETENT woman. Is first-class cook, un-
derstands French, English, German cooking*
wages from -. to > Box 410, Call Office.
BY elderly woman, as housekeeper, light work
in small family or as nurse to the sick, wages
reasonable. Tv be seen at 625 Chestnut St., i
Oakland.
2 SWEDISH girls wish situations as cook and
work. Call Monday at 1106 Sutter st.
AMERICAN lady wants housework by the day
Call or address C, 1037 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED girl would like position lab^
ing and filling bottles or boxes. Address 5
Perry st.
WANTEp— Employment by young woman by the
day. week or month; not afraid of work. " Call
or address 524% Fulton st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants place In private
family; will do plain washing; reference.
1505 Pine St., Polk-st. Branch.
REFINED German girl wishes place as nurse-
girl and to do upstairs work; $15. Address S.
V., 6o Manchester st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework and cooking; call Monday. 1023
Guerrero st.
LADY would like to go out by the day doing
washing or cleaning. Please call at 32m
Tehama st.
WIDOW wants housekeeper's position in I
widower's family preferred. Call evenings
1325 Mission st.
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the .lav-
Call 419 Linden aye.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to go out by |
the day, washing. Ironing and houseclean- I
ing; $1. ICS Hickory aye., bet. Franklin and'
Gough sts.
RELIABLE, capable woman desires a position '■■
as working housekeeper or to do light house- l
work; city or country. Call at 128 Eliis st.
MRS. GREEN.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to take
care of invalid or sick person and help in
light housework. 317 Linden aye, near Hayes
anil Gough.
INVALID'S nurse and masseuse, experienced,
is open for engagements. MISS L., Y. W C
A.. 1253 O'Farrefl Ft.
POSITION wanted by young lady as cashier in
•restaurant or bakery; has experience and
good references. Address 150 Fourth st.
WANTED — By a widow, position as house-
keeper; either country hotel or private fam-
ily; with children; references. Box 1325. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth i
st., room 1. t
YOUNO girl wants general housework in small
family. Please call S. A., 331 Minna st.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by middle-
aged American woman; good cook; no in-
cumbrance. Box 1307, Call office.
NEAT,, refined young widow, with daughter 12
years old. wishes position as huusekeeper for
widower or bachelor; best of reference. Box
1309, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
do plain housework; city or country. 312
Brannan st.
YOUNG experienced woman wants a position
as working housekeeper In family of 2; first-
class city references. 152 Cook St., oft" Gear}.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS with positions in the same
hotel. Apply at 1609 Powell st.
RESPECTABLE American lady with little
daughter wishes a situation as housekeeper:
short distance In country no objection. Box
1275. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored) wishes position
in private boarding hou*e or family, or will
dq chamber work. Address 1024 Jackson st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
, SITUATION WAATKU-MALK.
CHINESE and Japanese (estaV 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help.
Tel. East 777. 805 Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605. I
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Of flee; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 66. G. AOKI. 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
beat help. 414V4 O'Farrell st. ; tf;l. , East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOB Polk; tel. Polk 422.
EXPERIENCED I bookkeeper I desires position;
wages no object; would consider small busi-
ness proposition. Address H., Sll Market st.
YOUNG married man wants position; used to
care of : horses and general work, and handy
with tools; city preferred; also thoroughly
experienced ' in typewriting and office work ;
best references. Address box 1537, Call office.
YOUNG german, handy and willing, wishes a
steady place: can take care of horses. Ad-
dress box 1333. Call office. » .
AS NURSE or valet to gentleman; gives mas- |
sage; best of references. ■ VALET, box 1335,
Call -of flee. ; "...-.- .
SITUATION wanted by ' young man as porter,
gardener or useful man; understands . all
work about gentleman's place; is- a good,
driver : and can milk; is strictly sober and ;
has • best of references. - Box 1349 Call. ':■■;,
SITUATION wanted round a ■ place by elderly
- man; understands - care of . horses; ■' . good,
' careful driver; can milk and tend garden: I
references. Box 1353, Call ; Office. ' •
YOUNG • man '18 - years •of age. ; knows city,
wants;. to drive grocery or, butcher wagon;
good scholar. 408 : West .Mission st. ; i: -<; . .
FIRST-CLASS cutter and . fitter .. on ladies*
' tailoring. Just arrived from New York, best
references, wants, a position. -BERNARD.
Golden Gate; Hotel, 134 Fourth- st/. ,
'JAPANESE couple' want "situations; man '
first-class.' cook, wife general housework and
sewing: good references. Address M. H., I
126 Golden Gate aye... ■ . '• - ■
YOUNG man , who ' has experience in * photog-
raphy and • printing business wants a „ posi-
■, tion. .Address A. G., yailejo sL i '^
•■'■.- -■/■-' . . - - " ■ - . ■■>• ',-■ ";-";L*r .'>;■*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
COACHMAN or gardener, or both, by man who
is thoroughly competent, strictly sober and
willing; has best city references. Box 1350,
Call office.
FARMERS and dairymen wanting plow hands
ami milkers can get them at C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.'S, 108 Geary st.
PROFESSIONAL nurse seeks engagement;
would assume entire charge; apply own and
an effectual remedy in chronic diseases or
would join in established sanitarium or hos-
pital where same would be applicable; terms
reasonable. Box 13f,6, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires position, either month-
ly or weekly; speaks several languages; best
references. Box 1348. Call office.
RELIABLE young man would like work in
boarding or lodginp-house; good references;
or janitor's work for room and board. Ad-
dress F. A., box 1357; Call 'office.
JAPANESE having good experience, wants
situation at cooking or any kind work; city
or country. Address box 1362. Call office.
RESPECTABLE young man (34) wishes sit-
uation in country town; wages secondary.
Address box 1. Call branch office, 339 Hayes.
TURK. 543— Competent manufacturing chem-
ist wants position.
BY man nnd wife; man a first-class gardener:
will take care horses or cows: wife for se"c-
ond girl or upstairs work: city or country.
Call or address 223] Posi st.
SITUATION wanted by man or man and wife
as janitor or on ranch, or other work; capa-
ble doing repairs on premises. Box 1322, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young Swiss; good
plain cook; or to assist in pastry. Address
box 1325. Call office.
RELIABLE man wants situation as porter In
store or night watchman; is a good teamster.
Box 1329, Call office.
STEADY barber wishes position; state wages.
Address HAROLD MARSH. Berkeley.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants situation as
ranch cook and baker. Box 1320, Call office.
GERMAN gardener, generally useful, wants a
steady place in private family: understands
care of horses; driving; can milk: references;
wages reasonable. Address P. M., 674 Six-
teenth st.. East Oakland.
MAN" and wife wish position, country; man
accustomed horses, outside work; wife assist
housework, good seamstress; 1 child, capable
boy, 13 years. Address box 131S, Call office.
MAN of bu.^ines ability wants position:
adapted to any branch of business; ?n years' i
experience London and New York. BAILEY, I
644 Sutter st.
BY a sober steady elderly man a place as
pantryman, can assist in waiting on table:
light porter, Janitor or care taker or any
other position of light work or trust; ref-
ences If required. Box 1313, Call Office.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations
as cooks in camps or situation on ranch: i
reference. Call or address D., 1037 Mission.
BOY of 17 wishes position In country Ktore, !
club or private residence, in Marln County. :
Apply T. J. BURNS, 4 Sunny court. S. F.
COMPETENT grocery clerk wants position;
personal recommendation from last employer.
Address Clerk, box. 1310, Call office.
COMPETENT baker foreman wants a situa-
tion as such; references given. Address C.
F.. 309 Third st.. Oakland.
YOUNG experienced butcher, good reputation,
wishes situation In shop or wagon. Address
Butcher,- 2965 Twenty-first st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants work by the
day or month. 2t>23 Sutter St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant ay. j
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket : 200 rooms, 25c to »1 50 night ; $1 50 to tf
week; convenient and respectable; fre« "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
FOR MONDAY ;
Waitress. Fresno, $25; waitress, Fresno, $20
and fare paid: waitress. Santa Cruz. $20, Bee
party here; waitress, railroad eating-house,
$20 and room; waitress, Bakersfielil, $20 and
fare advanced; 3 waitresses, city hotels, $20
each; 2 arm waitresses. $18 and $20; 2 sisters
or friends as chambermaid and waitress,
same country place. $15 each and fare paid,
pet* party here; waitress, hotel, $20, sleep
home. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
3 CHAMBERMAIDS who have had experience
in good hotels in California. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
3 RESTAURANT waitresses, $6 a week; lunch
waitress. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS ironer on lady s clothes; $36
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
5 GERMAN h'liv -girls. $25; 2 cooks. $27,; house-
girl, Nevada, 525 and fare paid, see party
here; 7 housegirls. $20; second girl. $20; 20
young girls. 15 to 20 years old. for light boose-
work places. $10 and $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
GOOD opportunity for neat appearing girl to
learn ladies' tailoring; one who can run ma-
iliine and sew preferred; waitress, country
hotel, $2"; Protestant second girl, $20. MUR-
RAY <£ READY, Leading Employment
Agents, P34-Q6 Clay St.
LADY cashiers, bookkeepers, companions,
teachers, trained nurses, governesses, mat-
rons, housekeepers, salesladies, stenograph-
ers, clerks, secure lucrative positions through
the Ladies' Exchange. 313 Bush, managed by
ladies; no cost to invest). ate; this agency
has established offices In all leading business
centers.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom pants. 41114
Kiarny st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and un-
derwear: also one on buttonholes, at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHELS', 531 .
Mission st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and care
of children. Call In forenoon at 2503 Califor-
nia s-t.
GIRL wanted; small frimlly; wages moderate.
Apply to-morrow after 10, 1437 Sacramento.
NEAT girl for general housework. 117 Bart-
lott St.; call Sunday.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Lev! Strauss &- Co.'s riveted cloth-
Ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32V4 Fremont st.
WANTED— A German girl to do general house-
work ; must be a good cook and have good
reference. Call at 1301 Page St., cor. Lyon.
WANTED— Operators on suspenders. CARSON
GLOVE CO., 85 Market Ft.
GIRL for housework; wages $8; call Monday,
bet. 10 and 12. 1429 Stelner st
EXPERIENCED operators on waists and
shirts. IS First st.
STEWARDESS; head waitress; second girl,
$20; several girls for Berkeley and Oakland;
seamstress; dressmaker; hotel pantry girl.
1023 Market St.
20 GIRL?, shop work, Los Angeles; hotel help,
San Jose. 1023 Market st.
MILLINER, Sir,; trimmer: glove department
salesladies; cashier and bookkeeper, grocery.
1023 Market st.
CASHIER find bookkeeper for rptail grocery
house: Interview at ooae. 313 Hush.
TWO German apprentices on high grade
ladies' suits. HENRY WERTH. Ladies'
Tailor. 110". I^eavonworth St.. near Cal.
WANTED — Young lady clerk for stationery
store; one acquainted with the business pre-
ferred. Cfill ISM I'olk st., bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
WANTED Lady canvasser; must be a good
talker. Address box 14. Call office.
LADIES! La/Heal Ladies!— Now Is the time to
learn dressmaking find millinery; we teach
the world-renowned McDowell system of
dresßCUttlng; every brnnch of dressmaking
and millinery thoroughly taught: easy pay-
ments: unlimited lessons; all are Invited to
inspect our school; patterns cut to fit, 25c up.
THE MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millln-
ery school, 103 Post st.
WANTED—Experienced operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRL for upotalrs work and take care chil-
dren: wages $12. 12 Clay st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; wages $S.
Store, cor. Treat aye. and Twenty-fifth st.
MEN a.r.6 women learn barber trade In 6
\v,>r.ks. PROF. TOM CROKER, 346 Seventh.
ROOMS, respectable house, from 25c night and
■$1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and
waists. NEWBAIER BROS., M First St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 14 McAllister
St.; monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttfng School, 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
MALE HELP WAZ.TKD.
RAILROAD TEAMSTERS
Hetrular wages and free fare; call to-day,
Sunday. ',< to 12 o'clock; we ship Monday
morning south. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
100 TIEMAKERS, woodsmen and woodchop-
pers. C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 108 Oeary st.
6 FARMERS for fruit ranches, $20 and found
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $40; neat bar-
keeper, J4O; young man to mnke beds and do
lndonr work. $:>."; boy to clean up, $I£. C. R
HAN'S!-:n & CO.. 10S Geary st.
25 MORK railroad laborers at $3 50 a day to
sail for Skaguay. Alaska, on March 20; six
months Job; fare reduced. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
HELP WANTED — Continued.
65 RAILROAD - «■"■
Teamsters and laborers; we ship to-day (Sun-
day) ; call after 8 a m. : no experience re-
quired. MURRAY &' READY, 634-636 Clay St.
25 FARMERS, $25 $20 $15; 5 butter-makers: 3
milkers; 5 chorehovs for ranches; vegetable
gardener. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
186 WOODCHOPPERS; 165 tiemakers; shingle
bolt makers; shingle packer. MURRAY &
_READY, 634-636 Clay St.
! BAKERS— Office open~to-day (Sunday) —
Baker for the great mines, $45 and found:
baker; shop baker near city, $35; second
baker, $25; second baker. $30 and found;
cooks, waiters and dishwashers, $50, $35, $45,
$25 and ?15. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
call to-day (Sunday)— —
Cnok for a country saloon. $35 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER and "assistant bookkeeper,
country store, $40 see boss here to-day (Sun-
day) Ua. m. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
DRY goods clerk. $40 and found; call to-day
(Sunday) and see boss here. MURRAY &
READY. C3I-636 Clay st.
5 ESTABLISHED~offices; headquarter* at 313
Bush st.; branches— lo23 Market St.; 10IS
Washington st., Oakland; 10 South Second
St., San Jose; ."05 South Broadway, Los An-
geles: 364 Morrison st.. Portland, Or.; a
party subscribing at one office is entitled
to the benefits of all; after one-half the |
membership limit has expired money will be
refunded if not suited; investigate. j
WILL give situation to party who can give
references and is able to loan $300 on se-
curity. S. E., box 1335. Call office.
WANTED— Able solicitors to found stations
Traveling Library University; guaranteed
cash salary $50 per month and expenses.
Parmelee Library Co., Chicago.
$18 A WEEK and all expenses for active man
to travel in his resident and adjoining coun-
ties, for responsible house; experience un-
necessary. KEELER & KIRKPATRICK,
Philadelphia.
CABINET-MAKER and finisher, one who can
repair and finish mahogany furniture.
KRAUSGRILL & O'NEILL, 324 Stockton st.
WANTED immediately, a strong young man, |
one who is handy with carpenter and black-
smith tools. Address box 1345, Call office.
MAN to exhibit patent household article and
sell patent; large commission paid. Box 1346,
Call office.
WANTED— Man Ground place; good home; low
wages. 1106 Market St., 11 to 12 to-day.
A FIRST-CLASS mechanical draughtsman;
must thoroughly understand machine design-
ing. Apply to COBH & HESSELMEYEIi,
421 Market st. -
WORK at home furnished people t>f either sex
at good wages. For full information address ;
LABADIE ART CO., Kalamazoo, Mich.
WANTED— Boy 16 or 17 years old to learn
wagon and carriage making; a worker. 828
Harrison st. ■
BARBER shop; also 2 living rooms; rent cheap.
Call at 1610 Harrison Ft.
MAN competent to give .-stimates In large j
first-class* printing and binding establish-
ment; references. 313 Bush St. |
CELLARMAN and bottler for first-class wine- j
house; experienced. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Good rustler to handle agents: '■
portrait business. Room COS, Emma Spreck-
els building.
HOTEL cook: baker, miners' boarding-house; '
3 waiters; butler. $40. 1023 Market st. i
ASSIST bookkeeper; traveling publishing ;
house collector; hotel watchman, near Los
Angeles; man and wife, care gentleman's
place. 313 Bush st. j
SILVER pantryman, hotel; superintendent of !
winery; club steward. :H3 Bush st. I
DRUG clerk; grocery clerk,, 35 years of age; !
notion salesman; lace and drapery salesman; ,
manager for house-furnishing; department, !
competent as buyer: domestic goods sales- :
man. See to-day's list of places available at
313 Bush" st.
CLERks'~Exohange, Vu^ Washington St., Oak-
lanil, secures situations by canvassing in and !
out of the city; if om- place does not suit oth-
era will be furnished; managed by Oakland
citizens.
PERMANENT salesman for each county; sta-
ple; factory to consumer. US Mission st.
WANTED— Man for mining venture with $500.
Address box 2. Call office. Oakland.
LABORERS wanted on Monday morning. Clay- !
ton St.. bet. Waller and Frederick.
HOWARD, 821— Flxtores of 2-chair barber- i
shop. $25: bike, first-class, $15.
WANTED — Men an.l women: work home; I pay j
$S to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent metln -r. any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist. Tyrone, Pa.
$S PER hundred paid for your neighbors' i
names; blankbook holding 600 names with j
full Instructions sent for 10 cents; also list {
of 100 other f.nns who buy names. We also i
give a gold alloy watch for distributing 100
sample?. STAR CO., 1642 Ohio St., Chicago.
WANTED— First-class dress goods salesman:
city experience ani references. G. F., box
13-W. Call office.
SURVEYOR wanted to do work in exchange
for villa lot across bay. Room 15, 1170 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at I
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. near
RECRUITS minted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able- '
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of |
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the !
United States, or those who have legally de- !
clared their Intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to j
speak, read and write English, and be be- j
tween E feet S inches and 6 feet In height. '
For further Information apply at the re- ;
cruitinir office, ?0 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal. i
PROGRESSIVE Barber*' Free employment. li.
BERNARD. Secy., 102 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, etill
runs Denver House. 217 'ihird st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for saie: best location
in city. Apply at 767 Market st.
BARBER shop, country, for sale; running 3
Chairs; 25c shaving. DECKELMAN BROS..
106 Ellis st.
WINCHESTER House] 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; rend'.ng-room;
free 'bus and basErage to and from the ferry, j
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Room? 25c to $1 !
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4-Rranch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barbc-r College, 138V4 Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms, me and 15c night; 78c and $1 I
week. Linde)l House, Sixth and Howard sts. ]
MARKET. Sfi^v, lElcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to Me per night; $1 to $2 week.
DRI'MM, 225 (Oriental)— Rooms 15c to 75c per
night; 60c to $1 50 per week.
WANTED- To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 9.17 Market St.. below Sixth,
f..r a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
CIVIL service Government positions— DO ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation, Washington. 1> C.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S. I
FUCKS. Sec. 825 Grant aye. Tel. Grant 13fi. •
AGENTS WANTED.
I-ADy In each county to sell my beautlflers.
MRB HtTI.KR, Phelan building.
1621 MI^HON Competent lady agents wanted
He high-grade toilet articles.
AN energetic, reliable lady to take the agency
of the quickest selling and best wearing
cornet on the market; absolutely perfect; good
profits; to the right party will give exclusive
territory; If you • want to get In the spring
trade make arrangements now. Address ST.
LOUIS CORSET COMPANY. St. Louis, Mo.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$500— PARTY tw i>artn*r~wTth $500 to join in
opening sanitarium foi cure of chronic dis-
eases under remedy wholly effective, and
sole rights thereto secured. Box 1355, Call.
BUSINESS woman with $200 wanted as partner
to run clubhouse In summer resort. Box
1340. Call office.
PARTNER 'in ticket business for Alaska:
office already running. Box 1359, Call Office.
responsible partner tor Brat-daae hotel
and iindhi'nse; choice location. B <x 1321. Call.
WAM'ED-MISCKLLAMJOUS.
WANTED— Use of upright piano for storage;
no children. Address X.. box 9, Call office,
Oakland.
30,000 KEET~rapacity~sawrnilTr afso 45 horse
power fire-box boiler. Address box 1354. Call.
WANTED— Bar shelves and outfits; cheap.
Box 1340, Call office.
FISH sinker mold pattern wanted. Apply to
33 Third »t.
5000 TONS of castlron at once. 204 Mission
street. •
PHOTO nnrt magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 10:) Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— Old gold, aUver. cast-off
clotting bought. Add. CoLeMAN, U Third..
PEKSOXALS.
; WIDOW of means and mining interests wishes
acquaintance of American or German gen-
tleman of means going to Alaska. Address
_1363, Call office.
' SEA captain, 45, wishes acquaintance of re-
spectable lady; object matrimony. Address
1438, Call office.
1 CHARLIE SMALL— I am~a7 thTTnternational
; Hotel, Kearny st., and want to see you.
I CORA PLASKETT.
MIDDLE-AGED person wishes to meet gentle-
man; matrimony. Box 77, 339 Hayes.
j A. C. GRAND VIEW HOTEL, Berkeley; have
. a few hundred to invest and time; open to
_ offers; no saloons.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for j
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no *5 re-
qin red. Editor. 11l Ellis- st., Sah Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
LADIES may select from 2 dozen fancy waists
and costumes, latest styles, when having
photo taken at Holler's, S Sixth St.; also
children's dresses; free; cabinets from $1 per
dozen up.
I PERSON AL— Ladles suffering of afflictions
peculiar to their sex can cure themselves at
home by our capsules; price $1; cure guar-
■ anteed. address BON AMI CAPSULE CO.,
| Kalamazoo, Mich.
i I established the price of 25c for hairdressing
and employ only the best artists; good
switches |1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
AUTHORS— Wo want your stories, poems
and book MSS.; best prices; inclose stamp.
Authors' and Writers' Union, Chicago, 111.
QUINONIA HAIR~TONIC accelerates the
growth; perfectly harmless. G. LEDERER.
11l Stockton st.
UAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also I
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LADIES, my monthly regulator never fails;
trial, 10c. MRS. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wis.
QUINONIA, a perfect hair* tonic; harmless,
beneficial. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
NEW method massage, electric treatment-
_ heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 514^ Geary.
THE beauty of hair can only be retained by
careful dressing. I charge but 25c. Good
switches, $1; best, finest quality. $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
TRUNKS moved, 25c! Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton st.; phone Main 49.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay Bt.. S. F.
CAL. Institute, 402Vj Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. U.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and »th.
W4— Suit to order; samples; try one. NE3C-
HAUS A CO.. tailors, 115 Kearny st.
CLO.AKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. JO Sansome st.
ELEVENTH, lOfi^Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
DRESSMAKER*.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$f> up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tzance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Houtb
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 12(V! Market st., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight:
dlaenoses disease: full life reading; ladies 50c,
gentssl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MMX. IDA SCHMIDT, masnetist. card render
and fortune teller; German. Spanish and
French spoken. 234 O'Farreil, rooms 4 and 6.
MRS MANDENA. medium and palmist: life
readings 25c this week; satisfaction guar-
anteed. 2S Sixth st.
VMF.. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader. magnetic, treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MIPS MF.I.VILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921U Mission; German spoken.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer: past,
present and future: 25c; 148 Sixth, room 5.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St., room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St., room 2.
MMX MARIE VINCENT, clairvoyant ami
card reader. 2S Ellis ft., room 4: hours 11 to S.
MRS. JOHNSON, card reader and magnetic
healer. 118% Ellis st., room 51.
MRS. FAIRBANKS^ clairvoyant : circle Tues.
Frl. eves., 10c; readings dally, 25c, 50-. 10S 6th.
CLAIRVOYANT, tea and card readings, 50c
and $1. SI2A Laguna st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnet'c henler. Room 2. 120' A Geary st.
MISS CLARK, card reader and palmist. 120 A
Eddy st.. room 3.
MISS TROY from Chicago, magnetic healer
and card render. 1015 Market, rm. 17, 2d floor.
MMX. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader: 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth 3t.
MME. ARCHER, clairvoyant and mind-reader.
. 101V4 Grant aye.. room 15.
MISS L. DF-AN, magnetic healing, card
reader. ?ofi Market st.. room 41. top floor.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MIPP EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St.. room
3; mind reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings dally. 123U Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS-Ftmt In her pro-
fession: never fn'ls: nilvire: helo. 9?9 Port.
SPIK.aUAL.ISM.
MRP. PR. WAKF.LINO; new idea: the art of
preserving youth and cultivating beauty
scientifically taught: consultation free; copy-
right secured isftK. Offl.ee and laharatory, 850
Market St.. S. F., rooms 2S and 29.
MRP. ALICE FAY, medium and magnetic
healer, 32 Lewis St.. off .Tones, near Post.
MIPS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny st.. room 24.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium. lor
messages and advice. 21* Stockton St.
61". LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HYPNOTISM.
SPECIAL rates to classes forming this week,
between Monday and Saturday; instructions
every day and evening If desired. S. F. Col-
lege of Pugeestivn Therapeutics, 911 Van Ness.
CAT.. Institute. 402U Geary: hypnotism taught:
diplomas issued: diseases and habits cured.
HOUSES.
YOUNG buggy mare for sale cheap. 34 Syca-
more aye., off Mission St., near Seventeenth.
$?'"> YOUNG business mare; sound: stands
without hitching. SUTTON. 22 Post St.
KLONPIKK pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan's Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horsss: must
sell. T. P. NEV."ELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ,"t DOYLE. Auctioneers.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions nn<l want ads taken.
waoo:,s v\;» carriages.
PHAETON for sale cheap; good as new; little
ur-.-.1. LOWNEY BROS., 42fi Ninth st.
LIGHT delivery wagon; good as new; 1 light
buggy. MTB Turk st.
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,
coupes and wagonettes taken In exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
FIXE Inundry. baker's and milk wagons cheap
for casti or installments: l fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
«1K LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want nds taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rested;
repairing; lowest rate*. 305 Fourth «, (
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
\ KLONDIKE
Wanted— ls more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
A CHANCE for Alaska, complete outfit and
passage on Valencia at a bargain; sickness
cause for selling. Inquire of H. G. BEETS,
The New Western. 80S Kearny st.
2 AUSTRALIAN miners from Coolgardle, 25
years' experience, wish to get staked for
Alaska; easy to arrange; references. M.
NOLAN, 675 Mission St.
OUR Russell H. Bremer has just returned
with latest accurate information; consult
him; free. Alaska Information Bureau, '5
Market st.
TWO respectable women would like engage-
ments to go to the Klondike as cook and
waitress. Address box 1259, Call Office.
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
in Alaska. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
BEFORE going to Klondike get Mme. Young's
Mosquito Protection Remedy, $1. 605 Mc-
Allister st.
MISSION, 1521— Pair of Indian snowshoes; good;
$4.
PARTY forming for gold fields; start March 1.
1236 Market st., room 126.
DOGS for Klondike — 25 strong dogs for imme-
diate use. 510 Van Ness aye.
FOR sale— Three (3) Scotch collie dogs. sultß-
ble for Klondike work. Apply C. KRAMER.
400 Pacific st.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the j
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 139 First st.
WANTED— SOO men to buy the new Pitt or rip
saw; works both ways like a crosscut. 17-19 ;
Fremont st.
KLONDIKERS— SpeciaI rates for a limited I
number going by Victoria. Call or write i
50U Third st.
FOR SALE— 4 big St. Bernard dogs; trained
tor Klondike. Box 1259. Call office.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed !
and delivered to boats. SRARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington, i
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly '
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
LOIiUI>G UOt^JS FUK SALEi.
A. KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22»i j
Geary St.
7 rooms, clears $25 above rent $ 2">o i
9 rooms, best for the monpy $ 250 I
14 rooms, all rented clears $40 $ 500 !
15 rooms, corner Market, rents $45 $ 375 \
17 rooms, partly offices, clears $70 $ 650 !
20 rooms, new sunny corner, clears $60 $1000 '
30 rooms, 36 rooms and 65 rooms at reduced
prices. Money to loan.
$450 — 14 rooms; near City Hail; easily worth
$800; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22V£ G'eary st.
$81)0—20 rooms; well worth $1600; clears $85; $400
cash; don't miss it. KREDO & CO.
$16i0— 20 rooms; fine sunny corner; never
changed hands: elegant furniture: worth
$2500; clears $160; low rent. KREDO & CO ,
22H Geary st.
$15f> — 2S rooms; offices: Market: clears $75;
profitable investment. KREDO & CO., 22U.
Geary st.
$350—10 rooms; clears $50; snap; must be sold;
Klondike. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms, boarding-house, Post st $1400 j
15 rooms, corner, central, part cash 500
15 rooms. $200 cash, balance payments 250
16 rooms, new furniture. Income $160 800
30 rooms, rent $100, clears $135 1600
36 rooms, rent $4C; don't miss it 900
43 rooms, rent $100; worth $2.",00 1650
125 rooms, rent $110: worth $3000 1200
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market St.
FOR sale— Hotel of 40 rooms, including about 2
acres of beautiful grounds; only a few hours'
ride from San Francisco; will exchange for
clear city property. Full particulars of WIN-
STON & CO.. 646 Market st.
50 ROOMS; new furniture; easy payments. .s32oo
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2800
Ift rooms, on McAllister 400
32 rooms, on Geary (new) 2500
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 2500 J
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient) 1300 |
30 rooms; clears $250; new furniture 2500 i
Boarding house, corner: 6tj rooms 2500 j
17 rooms; sunny side; clears $100; 0n1y... 1100 I
30 rooms; central; 2 fronts: worth $1200.. 55fl |
Hotel in mining town; good bar 1000:
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
$175— NEATLY furnished house 7 rooms; good
rooms: please don't answer unless you
mean business; cause sickness. Address box i
1300. Call Office.
ELEGANT transient house: 25 rooms: north
Market st. ; a bargain; part cash. Particu-
lars L. S., box 1344, Call Office.
LODGING-HOUSE, IS rooms: all rented; well !
furnished: bargain. Call at 946 Mission st.
BAY-WINDOW house on Sixth St.; 18 rooms; !
all rented: extra-good reason for selling; $350. !
Apply Call office. |
LODGING-HOUSE of 12 nlcaly furnished
rooms for sale ch?ap. 340 Third st.
FIUMTIRE FCK SALE.
MINNA, 713'»— Furniture of 4-room flat; com-
plete for housekeeping in every particular; 3
beds, 1 parlor folding; bargain for cash. Call
from 2:30 to 4:30 p. m.
4-ROOM flat, furnished, for, sale; no dealers. !
206 Franklin st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken.
Ft'HNITLKE WAiTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion ft.: tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
romery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
nciiptions and want nds taken.
CARPET CLEAMNG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans, :
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
■end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- !
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
ADVANCE Carpel Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor, j
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c |
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpel-cleaning, renovating, j
alteration wo'-ks, 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT: tel. Jessie 201^ ■
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th j
St.; cleaning, 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 3J3 Golden
Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
EDUCATIONAL. /
HEALD'S ■ Business • College, 24 ' Post. Book-
' keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
- ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, "assaying, etc. : "0 teachers; 11U0 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue. ■
AYRES' -": Business College. 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
- • bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month. .;
ENGINEERING school; civil, I electrical, min-
ing. m««ch., survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
. est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and ."- rapid calculations; a
course In Tan's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 672. SSB Market st. .; .
SPANISH school, dally ■ class ;$3; a' month 4
. -t0.9 p. m. ' Room 10. Y. M. C. A. building. i ;
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing. ; gram-
mar; day, night; $5 mo. . 1504 Market, op. Sth.
. LUDLAM ■ School fof I Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Sutter St. ...•. ' > .-
FISK Agency. : 825 j Market ; . St.— Teachers •,- fur-
; nished: public; private; governesses; tutors. ;
MISS ' GAMBLE'S dancing school. 317 Devlsa-
v5 dero: adults. Frl., 8 p.m.; children. Thu.. S:SO. :
SAN ". FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
■ ket St.; 124 positions in, '96;. 103 In '97. • '
INSTRUCTION in tapestry painting, j etc. : i lea- 1
sons, 25c. ; Studio,' 419 Geary St., room; 12. ,: :
GUITAR. mandolin,^ piano ' and ' vocal S lessons, ■"
:::, 13 per month. ' MARY WE9THAUS, 39 Firth.
VOICE I culture, piano ':- Paris graduate; ; French. •
P: Spanish ; new classes; *Xi mo. > 109 >. Taylor st. :'
"™ ~"»"^ —^^—^ — —
•r --jj-. :■'• FLATS '■■-. WANTED-" '
WANTED— Modern 5 •or ■ 6 ■ room and bath
'. (middle) flat; must -be in perfect ' condition.
Address. box 1301.. Call Office. ." \ ,;,.-;
'.■:/■. ■_;:. ;- ; :-;ltvyOfJS;,AVANTji:D.' . .V:; ;;'.':.
• YOUNG lady desires a; . room :in- r a respectable
:-:■: -:■ family: widow, preferred. : . 'Address box 1332,
; '•-■ Call office. ;...,„:. .-.,, -^.: -..»■;- .: c :.,;■.; .
t amm^ mm *
•- 1^ -', TYfKWRITERS. ../ ;.j ..'.'■:]-.]
YOST/ good order. . $26; I sendTfor^sampleTworkT
;!' gOO^? A BANNAN. 833 Montgomery. »U <:
BUSINESS CHABTCES.
PARTNER in general merchandise store.. $3
Bakery; large oven; store trade $40 1400
Restaurant; fine corner "00
Candy store: worth $500; price 2~i
Delicacy store; large trade ll^}.
Saloon; fine corner; down town 2WW
Apply ft) H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$200— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; cen-
tral; living rooms; furniture included worth
$500; must be sacrificed on account of sick-
ness. WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st^
CORNER grocer}', bar; very good location.. s4so
A good branch baltery and delicacy store. 300
A very nice cigar store; good location 309
Three good saloons and 3 restaurants for
sale at ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
FINEST saloon ever offered; Oakland Klon-
dike at your own price. KREDO & CO., 22^
Geary st.
I WANT a satisfactory party with at least
$750 cash to Join me in introducing an entirely
new business in Oakland and Alarneda
County; the business is highly respectable,
permanent, as nearly a monopoly as any
business can be and will pay a profit of from
$500 to $1000 per month for all time to come.
Address G. W., box 11, Call office, Oakland.
BARGAIN. '
One of the best paying, saloons in San Fran-
cisco; 5-year lease; sold on account of sick-
ness. Apply 111 Grant aye.
I
I ANY one who has. from $5000 to $25,000 to in-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to
their interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET. Kirkwood, Cal.
ATTENTION— New York ladies*
tailor, just arived, wishes a partner with
some capital to start a branch in San Fran-
cisco; experience not necessary; lady of
gentleman. Box 1351. Call Office.
• FOR rent— 7-acre fruit ranch, stock and Im-
plements, for sale: everything complete for
poultry raising. Peralta • aye. and Hopkins)
St., DIMOND, Fruitvale. . .
PARTY leaving city will sell good paying cur?
tain laundry business, with furniture; very
cheap. 333 Fell St., near Gough. ■
— Bakery, notion and circulating library and
furniture for housekeeping; present parties
have run it five years; rent $10. Cor. Castrti
and Henry sts.
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business
suited to plain steady man: $15 to $20 a week;
no experience required; trial given. 9 Geary*
st. room 2.
IN a well established tailoring business am
active man with a capital of $500. Apply to
J. McC ALLAN, 318 California st. -__^
FOR Paying corset business; terms rea-«
sonable; good investment for right party.
Particulars at 143 Larkin st. ' 
DRUGSTORE doing a good business; sick-
ness cause of sale. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way, Oakland. • ■ ,
$100— BAKKRY, notions, candies: 3 rooms, fur«
nlshed complete: A. B. YEOMAN'S, ; 30*
Montgomery st.
GRUB stake on coast, $600; deed city lot ans
half interest in mine. Good Luck, box 1341.
Call office. ' .
40 ROOMS; sacrificed; Al condition; also fina
saloon; or will rent; death in family. Boaj
1360, Call. ; ■;
BUILDING 25x125; plumbing and tinner bu»l-%
ness, tools ; 5 rooms ; sale or rent. . 1216 Oait.
$225 BUYS city wagon route, clearing $75
monthly or no sale; trial given. 402V4 Geary.
RESTAURANT outfit: see this grand bar-,
gain. Apply D. M. REED, 827 Mission st.
WANTED— Man for mining venture with $500.
Address box 2, Call Office. Oakland.
SMALL lunch counter; half or whole interest j
call and investigate. 229 Fourth st.
• CIGAR-STAND, stock and fixtures; cheap l£
sold by the Ist. 33 Third st. . *
MILK routes wanted. Apply or address 421'
Eighth aye., Richmond district.
I $225 — FINE corner grocery and bar; must b^l
j . sold. Box 1303, Call office,
i $400 AND services will give $150 a month. £2
box 1358, Call office. ■ '
j $3000 WILL buy half ; interest in a winery andl
' large bottling works; .mineral waters, beer,
etc. ; pays $300 clear profit per month. Apply;
\ to G. J. BECHT & CO.. 808 Stockton St.
FINE corner grocery, with living rooms; sell-
ing out on account of death. Inquire at
northeast corner Filbert and Flllmore st«.
__ — __ — __,
! WELL-PAYING laundry for sale: good loca«
tion; small rent; sickness. 3108 . Sixteenth st,
j WANTED— To lease, smokehouse. .Address
.stall 57. Union-square Market."
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise!
now yielding 150 ■ per cent monthly: no ■ Btocif
" or' Klondike scheme; safe, practical succes*. 0
David Sloane, 110 St. PauJ st., Baltimore. Md.
CIGAR store; best street south of Market;
cheap rent. Inquire 2 ird St.
DRUGSTORE doing a good business; sick-
ness cause of sale. K. K. BUNCE, 90S
Broadway, - Oakland. i
FOR sale — Your own price; old-establish' iP
corner saloon. • Box 1331, Call office.
A CHANCE FOR a FORTUNE!!! *
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth, San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on investment of $2000 for?
1597 eighty (50) per cent per annum was. real-*
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for aal«
on accoount of failing health and old age.
■Address as above or inquire on premises.
SALOON for Sale— Bids will be received at th«
office of Public . Administrator A. C. Freese,
Chronicle building, for saloon, stock and fix*
•■' tures, 211 Grant aye.. known as "Bob**-
Place." Bids will.be opened Monday, th»
28th inst. j'/:-- '■"
■
FOR SALE— Hotel close to railroad pas'sen-*
ter depot in lively country town; every-*
thing newly furnished and ■ in good runt
ning order. For particulars apply to Mis
LEOD 4 HAT.IE, 51.=. Market st.
SPECULATORS— I have positive inside infor-
mation on a stock which will make $500 on
even' $100 invested within 30. days; if you,
want to make money write immediately. S,
SCOTT, 6 Wall St., New York. , .
BARGAIN in bar and grocery at half price/
death In family cause for selling; •no agents.
Call on owner, 730 Minna st.;
MEAT market for sale; a bargain; no opposU
tlon; north of Market st. 1108 Hyde terrace-
■ flat 4, near California st. t 
HOME bakery and coffee parlors; must be soldi
I at once;. price $150. Address box 1311, Call. ■>
OLD established saloon and lunch place: : rea-.
sellable. 49 Stevenson St., near Second.
RESTAURANT for sale; trial given; na.
agents. Inquire 651 Sacramento st. '=
$300— CORNER saloon; good business; welt
fitted out. Apply 417 Hayes st. •. *-, '
FOR sale— Branch bakery, confectionery and",
stationery, corner ; store, , with, living • rooms,
in Western Addition; kept by; present owneiy
10 years. Address this office. ■ ■ . : ., '•
■ , — — ; s
STEAM merry-go-round for. sale; guaranteed,
first-class order; $1000:' party leaving State..
Address D.. P. RAIRDON, 1147 . Harrison st.
— -4t
BERLIN restaurant for sale cheap.' 249' Fourth. •
FOR SALE— A complete | planing ■ mill plant, j
Including* a 50-horse power boiler and engine,
nt very low price. Address' A. F. GILBERT,
Oakdale Lumber Yard, Oakdale, Stanislaus "
County. Cal. , : :.. . ,-..
ONE of the best-paying restaurants in the city;,,
located -on principal street. For particulars'
address Wit. HERRMAN, 620 Washington.-st. .
BARGAIN, on account ; of departure; "paying
coal and wood business In running order;
good location. Box; 1257, Call office. V
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms- good
place for man and wife. 117 Fillmore st. -
NEWSPAPER routes and general news
a*ency; price $3SOO cash: principals only Ad-*
dress Agent, box 1249, Call. office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; best location; receipts
from $15 to $45 per flay; nearly all day work**
too much other business: will sell ■ for less
than half value. : Grocery, corner of Sixth.'
, and Howard sts. : i.
PATENTS-SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd "Pat."
;■■ Agents; established - 1862. . 319 Pine st., city.
MONEY loaned on watches,' diamonds, jewelry*'
low Interest.; UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant a y'
PLAY \ the races ■on - our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf "Bureau
i rooms 5 and 6. 850 Market St.. San Francisco!
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent;, estab-
L.ve e cal: A<3dreSS H. MATTHIESEN.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this"
office or, at 133 Third St.. Portland/Oregon.
°^cisWFLL a * r ?n ? I suPPl'^ro^ ' QBOT
 w » CAawHiJi & CO. S. 41u Sacramento st
527 ' MONTGOMERY: Ft., branch, office * tha
Call; want ads and subscriptions taken.
; ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty DrTv^tTT
: . no fee without success;, collections wmt :
£ probate. insolvency, deeds, damagel' mort*
■ ". gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale ■ naSSS!>
- Remarks, etc. ; established 10 years O Tv* 4
. HOJV E. att-at-law, 850, Market, cor.- Stocktort:
? R Ph ATE matter s. Insolvency. • collections- fr^«
: ■ advice; open ; evenings. McCAnE.^lO3 'Lark^n
C Calf Pl fent a ? d bCSt ln Am^C*-Th. WMkWCITY REAL. ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
LIST DIFFERENT IN EACH NEWSPAPER.
MANSION ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
■ $11,300— An elegant residence of 12 rooms,
'..eauiiful grounds; large lot. 37:10 x
• 127: iV»; most select part of Pacific Heights.
CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
$m,ooo— Lot 80x88; a splendid location for
store and hotel or flats; best block on Va-
lencia M.
I ; ">n INVESTMENT— CORNER.
$9500— Only one block from Market. Haight |
and Valencia sts. ; 6 substantial flats; rents!
$1140 per annum; 37:6x50; both streets accepted.
BUSINESS CORNER LOT.
$810*— Corner 62:6x110; on Haight St.; good
location for stores and flats.
HAVES ST.— GOOD INVESTMENT.
- :bstantial flats at " and 6 ronms
and bath each; stable on rear street; 2:-xl20; j
. 2 frontages; both streets accepted.
AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE CHEAP.
■ $Ti)oo— A fine home; all modern improvements
•and conveniences; Pine st. ; elite location
TWO NICE. MODERN FLATS.
;• tfjVl — Very cheap; gilt-edgrd downtown in-
• vestment; Leavenworth st.; 2 handsome flats
- and bath each; rents \hl 50
• p»r month; 27:fix107:«.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME — A BAR-
GAIN.
$800fc-Niee 2-Ptory bay window residence of
: 9 rooms and bath, etc.; stable; driveway; laree
' lot, 37:6x137:6.
; .CHOICE CORNER FOR RESIDENCE OR
■'.. FLATS AND STORE.
$5000— Corner lot. 35x87:6; within three blocks
■: M- Marktt st.; Western Addition, good locali-
ty for drug store and 4 flats; a splendid ln-
:v<>stment could be made of this property.
; V ; ; GOOD INVESTMENT IN SOUTHSIDE.
.■;.■. $2fiOO— Rents $44; improvements in several
•.•tenements; fronts on two streets; both streets
.; '.accepted.
. '■;'■ I CHOICE PANHANDLE LOT.
':.:: $2400- Baker st.; 25x100, with an L; close to
: entrance of Park.
..' : V ;.
!:'-"; : • SOUTHSIDE— GOOD INVESTMENT. .
f v -|lSoo— Renta $336 per annum; house in 3 ten-
; : eHiepts and lot; street aci-epted.
• SACRIFICE.
•V: $900— Building lot, 27:flxll2:«; only a step
.-from Fillmore st. car line; street accepted; a
..'•'Jfpod lot for 4 small flats.
LOT VERY CHEAP.
...sSoo— Lot 57:6x80; Folaom st. ; on line of e!ec-
;■ trie road; this is a pick-up.
■ Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
' Records." which contains a list of properties
■ for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
It stands to reason
That all the rent money you are paying into
greedy landlords' hands is lost to you forever.
It would be foolishness to ever expect to get
any ot It back. Now, how much better it
would be to get something for that money
.'. .. you are paying out.
■ HOW WOULD A HOME SUIT?
: How would you like to be able to mo\-e into
'-■. a handsome modern little home and feel
■■.that every monthly installment you are pay-
;\ ing Is hastening the time when you can b*»
independent of any landlord — when you can
.-• view the coming of the Ist of the month
: with the greatest unconcern? And if you
' could do all that on the very same rent, money
you are now paying wouldn't it be worth
■ while investigating? Jacob Heyman is now
.'".. building on the Heyman Tract cottages of 4,
• -■5 and 6 rooms. They are well built and mod-
ern in every respect, and can be had on terms
. equal to rent money. The first opportunity
"■ you have take Mission street cars to Twenty-
Bee street, and ride to Hoffman aye. Ask
for J. A. COTTER, resident agent, who will
Bh w the cottages. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
;..CHICKEN ranch, containing 15 fine level lots,
.: . :.t a bargain; 3 blocks from electric road; $10
■■ -monthly JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery-
26:6x100— CORNER Noe and 23d; fine business
.-.corner;, all street work done; easy payments.
•.\c, >n HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st. ■
' $sfi AND upward— Buiding lots in all parts of
. the city: close t<~ car lines; $5 monthly. JA-
OB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery «.
'WN and $13 3." monthly will buy a new
'■■.. 4-room and bath cottage, just built, with
•.•■/level lot: convenient to cars; good nelghbor-
• . hood; 5 already sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
■' . Moatgomery st.
5: : >TS ■ Sunset District on $5 monthly
payments. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
$•") I'OW.N, $. r ' monthly, no interest, no taxes,
. ■ for Rao 10-tfcre tracts of fruit land near Au- |
'■-. I urn, Placer County; over 750 acres sold. I
JACOB HKVMAN. 11 Montgomery it.
E. W. HAWKINS. Dealer in Real Estate.
Mortgages, Loans and Insurance.
11 MONTGOMERY ST. (Lick House Block.)
fli/iOO— Whole block; D St., north line
Golden Gate Park: 240x600.
$S5'.K> — Grove, east of Fillmore; only vacant
lot In the block; three modern flats will pay
' "" big interest; size 37:6x110.
. . J*o a front foot— Filbert Ft., near Gough:
$100 cash, balance $10 per month; size 25x137:6.
■ ' iSSOO — Beautiful modern house; just flnish-
' ed; choice elevated location on Ashbury
Heights; must please the most exacting; ele-
gant, convenient and comfortable.
'$I&<*> — Near Mason and Clay sts.; cozy cot-
tage, 5 rooms and bath; high basement; brick
' foundation; nearly new.
$500f>— Eddy st., nr. Scott; T flats of 5 and 6
• rooms and bath; size 25x137:6.
|5000 — New modern house: choice location:
near entrance to Golden Gate Park; desirable
• in every respect: 8 rooms and bath.
heapest lot on Ninth street: offer
.: • wanted: size 25x100.
11000— Ashbury Heights; cheap building lots;
?ize 25xS0.
$47?' i— New flats, adjacent to Golden Gate
Park; modern improvements; 5 and 6 rooms;
.->■ sunny; decided bargain.
Apply to E •"• HAWKINS. 11 Montgomery.
■ JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 "Pine ut.. opp.
the, Nevada Bank building.
f 4SOC — Front and rear houses on Jessie st.,
. near the Emporium; S rooms; rent $35.
i" <-ach— 2 lots, 33:4x100 each, near Twenty- i
■ fdurth St.. Potrero.
$1600— Only $1900 cash wanted, balance on j
_:ige can remain; lot on Seventeenth St., j
rear Folsom. 24x100, improved; a snap.
}17,00f* — A prominent corner property In West-
ern Addition; store, flat, separate dwelling and
stable: rent $130.
$2700— Renting at $2S: two 2-story houses, near
Pacific and Taylor sts. ; always rented.
J'i2uO— Renting at $65; two 2-story stylish, high j
basement houses; 8 rooms and bath each; lot
33x96', ;i n prominent part of the Western Addi-
t,- n; a snap.
$?250— A magnificent double flat of modern
construction, on a corner, opposite Panhandle
. Park ; rent $67 50.
. $1 6. 1)00— Renting at $160; a nearly new 3H-story
modern built apartment house of 42 rooms; 6
baths and other modern conveniences; lot 44 I
x 97:6; a splendid investment.
$ld.oW>— Ninth Pt.. near Mission; 2-story and
. ba-semeht; lot 25x7f,.
Only 2. left of 2-story and basement double
flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; near Sixth and
Bryant sts.; renting at $25; for sale at $2400
•aeh; the biggest bargain out.
•15.300— Fine McAllister-st. ptpperty; rent
$180; 2 stores below: 2 fiats upstairs and large
lot: best business portion of the street.
$15.000— Downtown business property; rent
$170: 2 stores below and lodgings upstairs.
At a reduction to $5950 from $6500, rent $60,
4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms; lot 28x125 feet to rear
street; ori Geary St., near Devisadero.
At a reduction to $6150; rent $47; a business
property; fine 3-story house on Geary st.,
one block from Fillmore; store and rooms be-
low and two separate flats upstairs; paying
over 9 per cent.
$25,500 will buy an elegant business corner,
paying good rent, and is sure to improve to
$50,000.
Jsooo— Fronting on the Panhandle Park;
lovely house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
Only a few days more and the chance to buy
that fine property of 130 feet on Guerrero st. by
225 feet back to 2d aye. and 200 feet on 2d aye.,
between isth and 15th sts., with the 12 ele-
gant flate and factory will be withdrawn.
Reduced to $4000 from $6000; 2-story and base-
ment brick house on a principal street 4 blocks ,
from Market st. ; 25x80; rent $35.
$1100— Cottage on the Potrero and lot 25x100;
on installments very cheap.
UNIMPROVED.
$550— Noe s-t., near Thirtieth. 30x112.
$3100— Fine comer lot on Fillmore.
$800— Noe St.. r.ear Thirtieth: lot 36:6x75.
FOR' SALE— A bargain, 5-room cottage, 7-foot j
basement, stable for 5 horses: 25x120; part
cash. Apply on premises, 240 Thirteenth
aye.. between Clement and California sts.
$240— Fine corner, 50x100, making two lots; one
block from Ingleside track. Address R., box
114. Call Pfflc*.
Nearly new modern .2-story house of 8 I
rooms and bath; near entrance to Park; cost
f'OOO. Addrets R., box 114, Call Office.
A CHOICE lot on Stanyan St., near Freder-
ick; will build a 6-room modern cottage on
this lot and sell for $8250 on terms; $2300—
A neat cottage in the Mission, one block
from car line, terms $100 down, balance to
suit; $650— 9 th aye., near I St., for a few
days only. ENGLISH & MORRISSEY, 62?
.Market St.
v. ANTED— $10,000 on good city property from
first parties; 2 or 3 years; 6 per cent. Box
1364, Call office.
$260— VERY cheap lot on Bernal Heights, 1
block from school; street wqrk done; lot on
grade. McEWEN BROS.. 119 Montgomery.
$3100— PART cash; $80 monthly; elegantly de-
signed and constructed home. 7 rooms and
bath; highly decorated and up to date in
every particular; select neighborhood; lot 25x
105: 1015 Caetro St., 1 block from 24th-st. cars.
S. A. BORN, owner and builder.
NEW house, 7 rs., bath; easy terms: Mission;
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
4, 5. 8. 7 AND 8 room new houses In Sunnyslde;
—xy rental terms. McCarthy Co., 646 Market.
CITY HF..I ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents;
established 1S58; 626 Market st.
Elegant business investment; Stockton st.,
bet. O'Farrell and Market; 4-story brick; Al
tenants; netting over s»i per cent on asking
price.
Several business investments, from $40,000 to
$60,000, In downtown property; call at office
for particulars.
$7000— Elegant residence, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 34:10x117; on west side Howard, near 24th.
Down-town investment— Bush St., between
Montgomery and Kearny; 3-story building; lot
I 34:4x112:6; make an offer.
! $11,000— Jackson St., near Devisadero; 2 mod-
ern houses; 9 rooms and bath; lot 44x137:6.
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch st., near 7th and
Howard: 25x112.
To close an estate— Southwest corner Six-
teenth and Hardy sts.; store and flats; renting
for $18; lot 30x85; price $7500; make offer.
Must be sold; 2 fine flats on Hayes St.. near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street: rents
very low; $55; price reduced from $9000; make
offer.
3 flats. Inside of Larkin, nr. Geary; new; lat-
est improvements; good-size lot; centrally lo-
cated; rents $U0 per month, paying over 5
j per cent net; a rare opportunity for a good
.investment; price $12.."C0.
$4500— Bush St., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
i bath; lot 23x137:6.
$2700— Church St., near Twenty-first; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot :6x120.
$2000— House and large stable; Twenty-fifth
St., near Douglass; lot 50x114.
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
| near Third; lot 25xS0.
I $2500— Shipley st., near 4th; large house; lot
! 28x75.
$;noo— Post St., near Baker; cottage and lot;
27:6x137:6.
We have a large list of cottages at less than
cost that must be sold for benefit of loan asso-
ciations; call at office for permit to Inspect.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts.. I block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
$7500— 16 th, bet. Sanchrz and Noe; 50x103:6.
I'orner, only $225u; California and Locust sts.;
37:6x107:7.
Residence: corner lot; NE cor. of Bush and
Lyon sts.; 25x100: price $3000; make offer.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
37:6x75:11: elegant location for flats; $2500.
$3000— Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:6x100.
i $2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
}:'" ! ">-£5ih st., west of Diamond; 80x114.
j17.-,o_i-nion. near Webster: 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Fourth aye., near Point Lobos; 25x120.
JSOO— California st.. near Twelfth aye.; 25x100.
$300—2 lots oh B St., near 35th aye.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
$120.000— GILT-EDGE j
down-town property; '
pays good Interest;
first-class tenants.
Near Park panhan- j
die; modern flats; rent-
ed for $60; lot 25x120;
price $6260; very cheap.
A cheap lot; Green ;
St., near Scott; 27x127 j
feet; only $2300.
Income property: Na- !
toma St.. near Sixth; I
double house of 6 j
rooms; rented $34; lot
25xS"; price $3000.
We are offering some
very cheap lots on Pa-
cific Heights and on
Presidio Heights.
Call for particulars.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal. '
! SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100, $150 to Level lots to build on; near
Mission st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
j $350, $400, $450 to $850— Graded lots and streets:
splendid view of park; $25 down and $10
! monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
| $400. $450 to Choicest building lota In
i Richmond; perfect bargains: buy now; easy In-
'■ stallments. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
I $1400 to $2200 — Several nearly new 4to 6 room
modern cottages; best locations in Richmond
and Sunset Heights districts; easy terms. . :
' SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$225— BARGAIN— Lot on graded street near
car line. Sunnyside.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ • & BROTHER.
_ Crocker Building.
C. C. BEMIS. ~ ~~ ~~~~ ~ ~~ —
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
eeventh s.ts. ; close to electric road.
$5000 — G«od corner for store; must be sold;
: lot 62:4x60 feet.
; • $6700—60x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
i ing the Presidio and bay.
60-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x98 feet.
$850— HOUSE. 4 rooms. in Berkeley; 50x135; $50
down, $10 monthly.
$150— Lot 25x130; $5 down, $3 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— SIS,3OO; corner of 6 new modern
flats; best location: rents $150 per month.
Address box 1323. Call office.
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
$15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 2495.
$1400— cottage. 4 rooms and bath: lot 25
by 125; 429 Douglas st. Call at SPECK'S,
602 Market St.. or 865 Mission st.
615 LARKIN • ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
PROPERTY TO KXCHA.NGI .
15 ACRES In Oregon for house and lot, $2000;
■ house and lot in Berkeley for rooming house, ,
$1500; 5 lots near Seventeenth and Market, I
$350 to $600. payments; 2 lots near Ocean
View, 25x125, $250 each; 2 lots, sunny side
Joost aye. (corner), $600. H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
EXCHANGE for city, Oakland or Alameda.
| $2500— Pay $750 difference; 15 acres finely im-
I proved; Los Gatos.
$5500—54 acres near Watsonvllle: 17 acres or-
chard: pay $3000 difference. I. C. SCHARFF,
20 Montgomery st.
WANT house and lot In Berkeley or Oakland;
will assume mortgage and give choice red-
wood and fruit land for equity. Address R..
box 114, Call Office.
WILL exchange some fine large lots In an
Eastern city for California land or other
property. Box 1336. Call office.
FOR exchange for a good-paying ! lodging-
house. 2 houses and lots In picturesque city
SpJ • ? Ji s , a ii L o both houses rented. MRS.
SPRAGUE. 858 West st.. Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A *£ T . a F?? Nt i* 8H per cent on real estate:
Id and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Inter-
ests, real estate In probate, life . Insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
gom g e h rV, ggjft* *' McCOL °AN, 14 Mont-
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays J
South 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc.; low ln-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,*
planes, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices M. E
I DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny st.; upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st.: tel. Green 204. Jewelry
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moral: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary at. '
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount; lowest
rates. BECKER & CO.. 328 Montgomery st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker .at 1
Fourth st., upstairs: strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st. : ;T?
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and Id mortg ■
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages. estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Mkt st.
ON pianos, furniture: .no removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. US McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
- money; diamonds and jewelry. ;".;
615 LARKIN— office of The Call. Bub-
scriptions and want ads taken. . .- '
.____ „.
"FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
' rates. MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
CITY .'.EAL X STATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents.
$2000— Biggest bargain ever offered; Church
St., near Twenty-fifth; good story-and-a-half
residence of 5 rooms and bath; high basement,
which could be turned Into a store; lot 25x!>5.
Down-town Investment.
$29,000— Rent $2200 per annum; within a few
minutes' walk from corner of Market and Pow-
ell sts.: handsome, new 4-story building; store
and lodging-house.
$4500— Offer wanted; pays $420 net per year;
no water; no repairs; great bargain; on Harri-
son St.. near Main; large lot; rent can be in-
creased.
$4500— Rents $45; 2 modern flats of 5 and C
rooms and bath each; not far from the cornpr
of Haight and Scott sts.; lot 25x115; always
rented.
$5000— Terms $1000 cash, balance In easy
monthly installments; best bargain in the city;
brand-new 2-story bay-window residence of 8
rooms, bath and all modern improvements; in
Park Panhandle District, within a block of
Golden Gate Park.
$6750— Business property; splendid Investment
on Folsom st., very close to Third; lot 25x75;
one tenant; rent $64 50; at small outlay rent
could be Increased.
$5?00— Cole st., near Frederick; 2 new flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; Just completed
and rented for $52 50 per month; lot 25x100;
street accepted; a good investment in a fa-
vored location.
$2350 — Corner of Castro and Jersey sts. ; lot
30x114; cottage of 4 rooms on rear lot; Castro-
st. frontage vacant; good business corner.
$11,000 — An offer wanted; handsome new mod-
ern residence of 14 rooms and all modern con-
veniences; Gough-st. corner, convenient to Pa-
ciflc-ave. cars.
$5000— Rent $4S per month: Stevenson St.. near
Hermann and Market; good 3-story bay-window
building, containing 3 flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; in splendid repair.
$4000— New residence on Dolores-st. corner; lot
33x90; house contains 7 rooms, bath, etc.; hand-
somely decorated; modern plumbing, etc.
$8000— Rent $85; Natoma St., near Sixth; lot
J5x75, with 3-story building, containing store
and 4 flats above of 4 rooms each; all rented.
A Snap-.
$3500— Rent $50: Natoma St., not far from
Sixth; lot 25x75: improvements consist of 3-story
building containing flats.
$3000— Rent $26; 3 flats on Castro St., near
Twenty-fifth: lot 25x80; flats containing 4 and 5
rooms and bath each; this is a aplendld offer.
Modern Flats— Would Exchange.
$12.000— Mortgage $6000; corner on Pacific
Heights, facing Alta Plaza; will take vacant
lots for equity.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY .CKAI. ESTATE].
g7lT*umbslcn~&*7?oT~
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery st.
Call or send for our new circular.
For exchange — A finely improved income-
producing ranch of 290 acres near Marysville;
55 acres in bearing orchard, balance good
grain and alfalfa land, with fine improve-
ments of every description and completely
equipped with stock and tools; value $16,000;
no mortgage; will exchange for San Fran-
cisco property and assume mortgage.
For exchange— Half a block north of Mar-
■ ket otreet, suitable for flats or stores; 75 feet
frontage; will exchange for well located resi-
d ence property In San Mateo.
Call or send for our new circular.
DO YOU WANT
A Fruit, Grain or Grazing Ranch?
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at less than foreclosure prices
IN CAPAY VALLEY,
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
00 miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
88% acres near Winters $17 50 per acre
2030 ncres near Esparto $20 00 per acre
160H acres near Tancred $20 00 per acre
105 acres near Winters $22 50 per acre
131 acres near 'Madison $30 00 per acre
320 acres near Winters $30 00 per acre
161H acres near Capay $40 00 per acre
ALSO
12R0 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
4SO acres near Merrltts $16 50 per acre
240 acres near Dunnlgan $11 00 per acre
ALSO
1103 acres near Willows $27 50 per acre
800 acres near Anderson, Sacra-
mento River bottom $16 50 per acre
GRAZING LAND.
529?^ acres flanking Capay Valley. s4 00 per acre
4520 acres flanking Capay Valley. s2 75 per acre
3768 acres adjoining Capay Val.s2 25 per acre
2800 acres adjoining Capay Val.s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff $2 00 per acre
McAFEE BROS.,
10S Montgomery Bt.. San Francisco, Cal.
ACTUALLY WORTH $5000 ' ■ „
OFFERED FOR $2350
Sold once for $6500 and again for $7000 within
the last 4 years; 70 acres: all well fenced;
watered by 2 splendid springs; piped every-
where; 8-room, grandly located residence;
large barn; several poultry houses and yards;
shaded by oaks; 20 acres cultivated: 15 acros
bearing fruit; balance is wooded hill pasture;
unequaled location; facing level, sprinkled
county road; less than 1 mile from Napa; It's
a good general farm and unequaled for sum-
mer resort: near bank of Napa River; charm-
ing and income home.
N. D. SICKELS, the LAND AGENT,
14A* Geary st., near Chronicle building, ' city.
SWEENY RANCH,. ™ ~
NEAR REDWOOD CITY, SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of 100
acres or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and
vegetables; plenty of water; this property
Immediately adjoins Redwood City and is only
one hour's ride from San Francisco; suitable
for small home farms; prices below all former
quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON. ELDRiJGE & CO.,
638 Market st., San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice sub-
divisions of 10 to 20 acres each in the New-
hall & Wise tract, which we offer at ex-
tremely low prices and on very easy terms;
small cash payment; balance monthly; one
and a half miles from Mountain View station.
Apply for full particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
' 638 Market St., San Francisco.
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON,
7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
$5 PER acre; 320 acres, Santa Clara County;
fine place for resort; running water; line
wood.
$10 per acre; ICO-acre hay and grain farm;
Alameda County; only one-third cash; house;
barn. I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
RUSSIAN RIVER bottom lands; near Healds-
burg, Sonoma County; 10 acres In vines and
orchard; fine well and windmill; 3-room cot-
tage; price $2000: 7 acres adjoining, partly In
vines, price $1000. McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st., San • Francisco.
640 ACRES, selected redwood and tan oak tim-
ber land; on road and stream and the pro-
posed railroad in Mendooino County, reduced
to $6 an acre; grand investment;- timber
alone worth $25 an acre. Address R., box
114. Call Office.
Cheapest piece of land in Mendoclno
County; must be sold; 160 acres; on county
road, near school house; small orchard,
house, outbuildings, etc. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st. : . ,
160-acre fruit, stock, grain and wood
ranch; 14 miles west of Uklah: house, barn,
orchard and vineyard; 40 acres in grain; 100
acres in . valuable timber. Address R., box
114, Cal Office.
280 ACRES good land, Tuolumne County; 160
acres, Marlposa County; wood and water;
cheap; cash. Particulars A. BRUnNKE,
1714 Polk st. "
TO let— Wellesy Park, for the summer, 1
elegant cottage of 10 rooms and 1 of 8 rooms;
all modern improvements, including gas. J.
T. DUNN, Call building. _^
40 ACRES good grape land, Napa County, for
sale very cheap; good location for road, busi-
ness. Address MRS. B. HOERMANN, Mel-
rose. v Alameda County. « : - --. ■■;, ,' .
MILL VALLEY— saIe,. house, furnished or
unfurnished; very reasonable; lot 50x150. Ad-
dress box 884, Call Office. :'/■..-.■-■;
FOR sale — 3889-acre ranch at $50; crops, imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon and or-
ange grove, 8 years old, in full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address C. PAR-
MENTER. Winters. Cal. Wanted— for 3
years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, - Shasta - County. Cal.
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The " Call; subscrip-
tions and want adtr taken. ■'::':, r *_.=<s .--?*
PROPERTY WANTED. \
BUSINESS ; -'— : — — — — — _
v PROPERTY —
"" ' " _^_- — — WANTED
On Front, ; Davis or California. Mason, ;, Taylor
or Eddy, near Market St.; value $30,000. $40,000
or $50,000; owners only. JULIEN SMITH,
Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery it.--"»-;
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
B^A^mFiHrH^M^S^N^L^JRK^P^JR;^ J " :'■
Villa lots and acreage; easy, terms; 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO., 132 Market st.
.:..;.-■'.; MONEY wanted. . *~
$1000 : wanted on 200 acres land; * good security
and 8 per cent ■ interest in- advance. -Address
R., box 114, Call Office..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HE AL KSTATB.
WILLIAM J- DINGEE.
901 Broadway, corner Eighth st., Oakland.
FOR $3«00
FOR $4000 _ FIVE
FOR $1500 _ NEW
FOR $5000 HOMES.
FOR $5500
On some of the choicest lots in the Adams
Point property and in Vernon Heights.
We have In course of construction five new
beautiful homes under the supervision of Mr.
Walter J. Mathews, architect.
These houses will contain from seven to nine
rooms each, built In the latest style of modern
architecture, with up-to-date finish and con-
veniences, porcelain baths, sanitary plumbing,
wind for electric lighting, plate-glass win-
dows, handsome mantels, gas grates, large re-
ception halls, cement basements, etc.
Terms to suit purchaser; small cash pay-
ment; installment loans at low rate of in-
terest.
Plans at the office of
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, corner Eighth St., Oakland.
10 ACRES Sunol, very cheap; good house, fine
orchard, creek and springs. C. K. KING, yO2
Broadway. Oakland.
5 ACRES Haywards, house, barn, $1200. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway.
11'- ACRES, 500 feet from San Leandro road,
this side of Elr.ihurst, at sacrifice. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway.
150-ACRE ranch and summer resort, Sonoma
County tools and stock, $7000; trade for
Oakland or Alarm-da property. C. K. KING,
i>[)2 Broadway. __^
REAL ESTATE F< >R SALE
$3750— The best lHrgaln in all Oakland; a
new all-modern 2-f >ry residence of 8 rooms;
porcelain bath: high basement, with partly-
cemented floor; wired for electric lighting;
also for electric gas lighting, call bells,
speaking tubes, etc.: well located on sunny
side of Grove st.. mar Eighth, and only three
blocks to Broadway find local trains; one-half
block to erectric car*. Apply to aiden-GAR-
FIELD COMPANY, 902 Broadway.
|100 CASH and monthly payments of $20 will
buy a new modern 6-roomed cottage in the
best part of Berkeley; other 5 and 7 roomed
houses on monthly payments of $15 to $25.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oak-
land.
$450 WILL build a new 3-room cottage, with
lot 50x125, in the Alvln Tract, fronting Elm-
hurst station; local trains and electric cars:
$25 down; $E monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery Pt.
$75 WILL buy a lot worth $150; $5 cash, $5
monthly: AUendale Settlement, East Oak-
land, and now .->vered with homes and
buiding up rapiilly; build your home or we
will build it for ymi; payment as rent; all
streets graded; some macadamized; 3 elec-
tric-car lines and fine scnool; view, climate
and soil the best ; call or send for circular,
459 Ninth st., h*t. Washington and Broad-
way, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
FOR sale— High lot. MxUS. fenced, with large
barn: new; street work complete, including
sewer and water pipes; one-half block from
cars; bargain If taken Immediately. 15' JO
Ali-atraz H\e., L'.rin, Berkeley.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
One of the neatest and best built homes in
Oakland; 1% stories, 6 rooms, and also serv-
ant's room, "bathroom, large reception hall; 2
chimueys. Monarch patent grates in parlor and
dining-room; 5 large closets and fine pantry;
back stairs from kitchen: Iron porcelaln-llned
roll-rim bathtub: p^'rnri'rtK nickel plated: ce-
ment steps and walk; front chimney Is rough
blocks nf sandstone, very pretty: this property
Is In good neighborhood and within six min-
utes' walk of stntion; price $3800, complete;
terms can be arranged. Call for further par-
ticulars Lake Shore Land Company. A. H.
BREED, Manager, 107" Broadway, Oakland.
1«7 NINTH Et.-Eran<h office of Th« Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
OAK 1 A N I ) HOUSES.
HOUSE of 7 rooms, bath, $17; cottage of 5
rooms, bath. $H; corner flat of 5 rooms, bath,
$15. Apply 1152 Bast Fifteenth at., corner of
Twenty-third aye.,- Kr^t Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.AMEDA REAL. INSTATE.
CITY Income properties from $2000 to $50,000;
ranches all sizes, all pries; elegant homes
for sale or exchange. KREDO & CO., 22^
Geary st.
SPECIAL NOTICO.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST J.IKK PAYING RENT.
Jl2OO, $1700, $ISOO, $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottapres, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out, and invlto
Inspection. MARPT'SE & REMMEL.
Bay Ft. station, Alameda. and 62S Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
WOO— SACRIFICE; lot 40x207, with good 7-room
house: half block from station and high
Frhool; easy terms.
$2«oo— New modern cottaee; lot 40x150; fine
location; $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$1500; snap.
$2900 — Beautiful new S-room house, complete;
lot 50x203; choice location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— lo-room house; lot 60x140;
Alameda's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; properties brin^lne $130 per month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain; bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park st., Alameda.
BIOGEST bargain— s2Boo : lot 7Oxlf>oT cottage 6
rooms: orchard and chicken yard: ',4 block
from Mastic, station; all improvements. 1531
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market nt., S. F.
UKRKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR RALE— A new house of 6 rooms and
bath: lot 66x135; $2".00.
An elegant 10-room house; new and modern;
large lot: $3."00.
A good 8-room house, etc., on improved
street to exrhange for a Ran Francisco home
of from 5 to 8 rooms: value $4500.
O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Onter st., Berkeley.
$2000— Handsome cottage of 6 rooms, bath and
tower; lot 50x135; cost $3000; near station.
Address R., box 114, Call Office.
MUST be sold to close an estate; lot 123x270,
near station: two frontages; street work done
on one frontage; I want an offer. JOSEPH
J. MASON, real estate. Berkeley Station.
FRUITVAI.E REAL, ESTATE^
A BEAUTY— New, artistic corner, 6 rooms!
complete home; $250 cash and $25 per month
buys it. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market
St.. S. F. I>. PRATT, Frultvale station.
LOST.
$50 REWARD will be paid for thT7eturn~of~a
sealskin cape, with marten collar and tails,
loht on the 8 a. m. train from San Jose to
San Francisco, Saturday, Feb. 19
$2". reward will be paid for any Information
(confidential) enabling the detectives to Iden-
tify the person in possession of such cape
Address F. G. J. MARGETSON. room 9, 406
Sutter St., S. F.
GREEN leather watch fob, with agate at-
tached. Return to H. GPNLACH, south-
east corn»r Second arid Market sts., and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Lady' J gold watch, neighborhood of
Buchanan and I nlon sts , Saturday Febru-
ary 12. Return to 726 Vi Montgomery aye. and
receive reward.
$100 REWARD for the return of my diamond
stud: weight 7 karats; pure; no questions
askeri. ERNEST HOGAN. care Broder &
S. hlam. 28 O'Farrell st.
GREEN leather purse, Fillmore-st. line be^
tween Geary and Mission; key, cards and
change; reward. Golden Gate Dye Works.
LOST— A pug dog about a year old Return
to 511 Jones st.; liberal reward.
NEAR Halght st pair of eye glassesTrewariT
W. M. McCOLLISTER. 1106 A Valencia st.
LOST— Black and brown setter dog; liberal re-
ward. 2314 Bryant St.
LOST— February 22, screw diamond stud, be-
tween Bush ft. and entrance to Chutes Llb-
eral reward by returning to 2420 A Bush st
FOUND.
FOUND— In Blair's Park. February 26 189s"
ladles' gold watch. Owner call and prove
property, 72 Seventh St., Oakland.
storage"
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad^
vances made; fireproof building. F W
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821. '
HOUSES TO LET.
: GLEN PARK, 36, off Twelfth St.— 7 rooms.
bath, laundry; 2 yards; $25. DEMPSTER.
ALL OVER ■ TOWN — — .. " , " —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN *
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. . -
FURNITURE, etc., of a 6-room house; privi-
lege of : renting premises. , 218 Elm aye., off
Van ' Ness, near Turk, going east. '- ■■' .
GEARY,. 420— House, 9 rooms, bath. Key at
418 Geary. : . ;■:.,■•
I HOUSE 7 rooms, bath and laundry; garden
front and rear. 732 Shotwell st. :■■ ' -■. ■■-'■ ■: ■■<:
JACKSON. 2006—9 sunny rooms, bath ; marine
view; reasonable to answerable party.
MODERN sunny house of 9 rooms; every im-
provement. 511 Devlsadero st. ; : ■ .
j $B— HOUSE, 5 rooms, In fine order, like new.
1567 Kearny St., near Greenwich. _______
_ FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145. Call office.
TO Furnished residence of 11 rooms
with attic and : basement. Apply 1255 Octa-
vla street, between Ellis and O'Farrell; $80.
COTTAGES *TO LET.
COMFORTABLE cottage, yard, cellar, also flat
6 room. $14. Key at grocer's, 623 Second st.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and large basement;
rent $15. 386 Fell st. . ■ . : -
FURNISHED bedroom and kitchen; also cot-
tage of three rooms and barn In Alameda.
Call at 10% Eighth St.. San Francisco.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 15th St., nr. Dolores.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3389, near Mission— Neat
cottage. 5 rooms; water free; $11.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3608, near Valencia— 3 sunny
rooms basement ; yard ; rent $11; water free.
I -
! $9— COTTAGE 2 rooms; large stable. 919 Capp.
FURNISHED FLATS.
! FOR SALE— Furniture of two room cheap; flat
to let. 9 Avery at. ,
NICELY furnished sunny 6-room flat near
park. Apply 677 Ellis st.
FLATS TO LET.
4 AND 6 room flats; some with gardens; sunny;
i attractive view; on Twelfth st. and Glen Park
aye. ; $12, $13. $14, $18 and $23 60. DEMPSTER.
36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
! ALL OVER TOWN- — —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 1C Montgomery »t.
BAKER, 308. opposite Park Panhandle— rooms
: and bath; modern; rent $25.
CASTRO, New modern upper flat; 10 sun-
ny; suitable for 2 families; stable.
i CENTRAL aye., 1514— Flat and cottage, $13 and
$9; water free; 4 rooms and bath.
! CLAY, 1615, near Polk— New modern middle
flat, -6 rooms; large yard. >
i EDDY, 1541— Healthful sunny corner flat: 6
i rooms, bath; modern lmp'v'ts; rent reasonable.
! ELEGANT sunny corner flat for doctor, dentist
or adults. 2696 Folsom st.
FELL, Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
, parlors, etc.
FIFTEENTH. 1525— Lower flat of 4 rooms and
bath; yard and basement.
■ FINE upper flat, 6 rooms and bath; all sunny.
220 Thirteenth St., near Howard.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room-
Ing and private house. 951 Folsom, near Sixth.
FLAT to let. Apply on premises, 219 Sullivan
I st., near Stanyan. ■
FLAT 6 rooms and bath; rent reasonable. 1203
Bush st.
FURNISHED flat for sale; 12 rooms; a bar-
gain; Geary, near Jones; cheap rent. Ad-
dress box 1332, Call office.
; FURNISHED floor for housekeeping; central;
private; references. Box 1317. Call office.
' GEARY, 1513— Flat of 5 nice sunny rooms; to
adults; $17. Apply on premises.
HOWARD, 728%— A flat of 6 rooms in good
order. Key at 728. upstairs.
1 IVY, 129, near Van Ness aye. — sunny rooms,
$12; lower, $10.
LARKIN, 1116— flat, newly papered; rent
' reduced; 4 rooms.
i LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat of 5 rooms, gas,
bath; sun all day; rent $16. '._
LINDEN, 331—4 rooms and bath. Call 328
Fell st. ■
MISSION, 1511%, near Eleventh— large sunny
i rooms; bath ; laundry; large yard; rent $18. -
MISSION, 2230— Sunny upper flat, 3 rooms and
bath: $7 50. . . ■ -
' MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NATOMA. 714— 4 rooms, sunny; large yard;
cellar; $10. ■ - •
NEW sunny flat, 3 large rooms, bath; latest
- Improvements. Key at 713 Grove st.
NEWLY painted cottage, 4 rooms; yard; rent
$10. Lombard and Hyde sts. •
RENTS reduced to $18 and $20; 6 and 7 rooms
, and bath; Capp St., between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. .-■
i SUNNY upper flat of 3 rooms; rent $11 50;
water free. 231% Sixth st.
SUNNY side flat 8 rooms; rent reasonable;
furnished or unfurnished. 1610 A California st.
TAYLOR, 131— Flat of 4 unfurnished rooms and
bath. Inquire on premises.
i TWO sunny flats, 5 and 6. rooms; modern im-
provements; rent reduced. 3640 Twenty-third
St., between Guerrero and Fair Oaks.
4 ROOMS each; upper and lower; $8 and $10;
new; or will sell entire building; $200 cash,
$20 month. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
$9— LOWER flat. 4 rooms; yard. 109 Germanla
St., near Flllmore and Waller.
■ — ~~ :. •
$10; FLAT, 4 rooms. 615 Thirteenth st.
$10— FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St., near
Fourth. . - ■ "
j $13 WATER . free; sunny lower 4-room flat :
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
! $13— NICE sunny flat 5 rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
' $14— NICE sunny flat 6 rooms: bath, gas and
yard. 26 Ford St., between Sanchei and Noe.
! $20— Bunny bay-window flat: 6 rooms and bath-
room. 1710 Washington st.. near Polk. x
i 122 60: flat 6 rooms, bath. 125 Ash, bet. Polk,
Van Ness. McAllister. Fulton.
$22 60— Sunny bay-window flat; 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1633 Clay St.. cor. Polk.
$40— Lovely sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
7 624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
RR^DyTT*. off Market— Flat of 3 rooms cheap;
small family.
CALIFORNIA, 2304— Parlor floor; 4 sunny
rooms, kitchen, bath, yard; very reasonable.
CLAY 1423— Tw0 pleasant sunny unfurnished
room's for light housekeeping.
CENTRAL (52 Second)— Nicely furnished front
rooms for light housekeeping; $2 a week up.
DEVISADERO, 1611—2 furnished or unfur-
nished rooms; large yard^ cheap..
EDDY 603— Finely furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, suitable for two private families.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 front rooms neatly fur-
nished for housekeeping; bay-window; $12.
ELGIN PARK. 36. off Thirteenth St.— 2 large
sunny rooms, with large pantry; furnished
complete for housekeeping; running water;
every convenience.
ELGIN PARK. 36, off Thirteenth St.— 3 or 4
sunny rooms, with gas range; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; running water.
ELLIS, 722—2 or 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
very reasonable.
ESSEX, 12— Large room, unfurnished, $7; also
furnished room, $6.
FIFTH 825—8 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room. $5.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished front rooms, suitable
for light housekeeping; also single.
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GEARY, 618— Elegant sunny furnished rooms,
$S up; also suites; gas, bath: housekeeping.
GEARY 1917— 520; adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath; 2 beds; gas; coal stoves; all necessaries.
GLEN PARK aye., 17. bet. Howard and Mis-
sion off Twelfth— Two well furnished house-
keeping rooms, everything complete; $10.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
GROVE. 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room apartments, with gas stove.
GUERRERO, 215—4 lovely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping; double
parlors, dining room, kitchen, bath, laun-
dry, etc. •
HARRISON, 946, near Sixth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also single room 1 ?.
HAVES, 820—8 sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms; cheap.
HOWARD, 604— Sunny suite of housekeeping
rooms; bath; gas; first floor: $12 a month.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
HOWARD. 762— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; large unfurnished room, single; cheap.
HOWARD, 623— Nice suite housekeeping rooms
and others.
HOWARD, 1069^— Completely furnished house-
keeping rooms, double and single, $5 up.
HOWARD, 1203— Nice sunny housekeeping
rooms; private family; cheap.
HYDE, 419— 8unny suite of parlors for light
housekeeping; other sunny rooms; $5 50 up.
LARKIN, 625%, third bell— Two or three sunny
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; running
water, bath; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. So4— Sunny front, with small room;
light housekeeping; $9; double rooms. $5, $6.
LEAVENWORTH, 314—8 elegant sunny rooms,
with or without housekeeping; upper flat."
LEWIS, 18, oft Taylor, near Post— Furnished
room and kitchen, complete; $2 60 a week.
MINNA. 661H— Sunny front room for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 661. near Second— B sunny rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; 2 sunny back rooms.
MISSION. 952— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping and single.
MISSION, 1053—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms; use of piano if desired: cheap rent.
MISSION, 1429— Front suite to let for light
housekeeping; also large sunny bedroom;
rent reduced.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
OAK GROVE, 17%— 2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $7.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Front connect-
ing parlors; sun all day; gas stove.
POLK, 605— Large sunny bay-window room,
with kitchen; $13 month; water, gas.
POLK, 2702—5 sunny rooms, partly furnished;
rent $6.
RUHR, 116, near Sixth— Bedroom and kitchen,
furnished for housekeeping.
SCOTT, 113—2 large connecting rooms; alcove;
partly furnished; gas; bath.
SEVENTH, 136— Large front suite furnished
for housekeeping; first floor; yard.
SIXTH, 23*4— Nice sunny room, complete for
housekeeping, $10; other rooms, $6 up.
SIXTH, 132—3 rooms for housekeeping. $12 a
month; other rooms, $6 a month up.
SIXTH, 136—2 nice sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; others, $5 month up.
SIXTH. 814— Front bay-window suite, with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; rent $14.
SIXTEENTH, 2822— Large sunny front rooms,
with <?r without housekeeping; every con-
venience.
SIXTEENTH, 2926— Large double parlors with
regular kitchen, sunny, furnished, $16; un-
furnished, $11.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath.
STEINER, 1433— Lower flat furnished for
housekeeping.
SUTTER, 913— Large unfurnished front room
with alcove; modern conveniences; private
family.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; front, first floor; bath, gas.
TURK, 411 A— 3 rooms, furnished; kitchen: com-
plete; $20.
TURK. 530—3 or 4 newly furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
TURK, 543 — 2 sunny rooms, complete for house-
keeping; gas; bath; $15; single. $5.
| TWELFTH, 122. near Mission— 2 nicely fur-
j nished rooms for light housekeeping.
I TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping.
' VAN NESS aye., 518— Sunny back parlor, com-
plete for housekeeping, $12 mo. ; also others.
VAN NESS aye.. 817— Front sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; very reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite, 3 or
more rooms; gas range; piano.
WILLOW aye., 30, off I.arkln St., between
Eddy and Ellis— Large sunny front alcove
room and back room, furnished complete for
light housekeeping; use of bath.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleaaaat
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In evory respect; terms reasonable.
I BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant apartments at
reasonable rates; elevator; tourists; transient.
BRYANT, 458— Sunny front and back parlor,
newly furnished; bath; reasonable.
BUSH, 706— Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family.
BUSH, 1412, near Polk— Large pleasant room;
modern conveniences; reasonable.
DALE, 9%— Nice furnished room, $5 per month.
j DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
! and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week, $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 607— Unfurnished extra large front
alcove suite; modern Improvements.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Front bay-window;
alcove; mantel; 2 or 3 gents preferred.
' ELLIS, 577— Nicely furnished sunny front suite
for two.
FAIR OAKS, 94 cor. Twenty-second— Large
sunny front room; unfurnished.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FILBERT, 140— Nicely furnished front room;
suitable for 2; $10. ___
FILLMORE. 2324. near Washington— Nicely
furnished front and back parlors, with use of
bath.
. FLORENCE Hotel, 102 Ellis, cor. Powell— Ele-
gant sunny rooms, en suite or single;' quiet
home for families and those who appreciate
| comfort; elevator; baths; moderate charges.
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7.
GEARY. 622— Nicely furnished single and dou-
rooms, $8 up; bath and gas.
GEARY, 675— Nicely furnished front room; also
single room; bath, gas; private family.
GOLDEN GATK, 437— Nicely furnished light
room; bath, gas; private family; $7 month.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
! HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house ; $1 60 to $6 week. _
j HARRISON, 664— Large sunny well-furnished
front room, $7 a month; suitable for two.
HARRISON, *84»4— Sunny furnished rooms;
bath; all conveniences; quiet; private; $1 week.
HOWARD, 524— Large sunny well furnished
rooms, $2 week up; single rooms, $1 up.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD. 989— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suites; other rooms, $5 per mo. up.
HOWARD, 1085— Furnished front and back par-
lor; rent $10.
j HOWARD. 1129— Furnished front rooms from
$4 month up.
HOWARD, 1143— Large front room, furnished.
JKRSEY, 276— A well furnished comfortable"
sunny from room to let; reasonable rent.
JONES, 610— Elegantly furnished sunny mod-
ern rooms, $6 month up; board If desired.
JONES. 1610— Two furnished sunny rooms; rent
reasonable; separate entrance.
LARKIN. 510— Large sunny front room, with
grate; quiet family; $10.
LARKIN, 1200, opp. Lurline Baths— Nicely fur-
nished front rooms, with or without board,
$4 up; private family.
LILY aye.. 133, near Octavla— Large furnished
front room ; cheap.
MASON. 121— Front suite, nicely furnished;
reasonable price.
MABON, 1929 — Sunny furnished rooms; rent
cheap.
MCALLISTER. 14, A. K. building— Large sunny
rooms, studios, offices, class rooms, $7 50
month up.
MCALLISTER, oil— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, $8 a month; light housekeeping.
I MCALLISTER. Sll— Sunny back parlor; grate;
gas; bath; $S month: 2 gentlemen.
MCALLISTER, 516— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MCALLISTER, 1050— Furnished front room; sun
all day: running water, gas; $6 month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION. 1220— Sunny newly furnished room;
grate; running water; suitable for two; also
singly
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW FRANKLIN. 821 Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
OCTAVIA, 451. corner Linden aye.— Sunny fur-
nished room; rent $5.
O'FARRELL, 635\4— Nicely furnished large
front room for gentlemen; cheap.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
PINE, 881— Nice furnished rooms.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POWELL, 2a 1 ! (The Montelln)- Sunnv suites
and single/ rooms: reasonable: transient.
POLK. 221 H. near City Ha ll— Nicely furnished
double room; use Of piano; $7 month.
POLK, 919— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
housekeeping if desired.
POST, 1033 — Nicely furnished front room; (as
and bath.
R. R. HOUSE. 633 Commercial, near Mont-
gmy— Beds, 10c, 15c, etc; coffee ard rolls free.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
BIXTH. 307 A —Nicely furnished front room.
STOCKTON^ 17 — European; elegant rooms:
suite or single: day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.^
BUMNER, 2 1 *. off Howard, near Eighth— Sun-
ny furnished front room In private family,
no other roomers; $5 per month.
SUTTER, So4— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
central; reasonable; single or en suite.
BUTTER, 309— Changed hands; new furniture;
suites or single; transient; terms reasonable.
SUTTER. 715-717-719, and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny: reasonable.
SUTTER. 717— Handsomely furnished front
suite; also two other rooms; private family;
references.
TAYLOR, 108— Nicely furnished front sunny
suite; light housekeeping; also sunny single
room.
TAYLOR, 804— Sunny front parlore, single or ea
suite, $5 month up; bath, gas, grate; private.
TENTH, 111, near Market— Large sunny front
rooms, $8 month up; light housekeeping.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3345— Large unfurnished
front room; also furnished.
TWO neatly furnished rooms, one $4. the other
$6 a month. 49 Rausch, bet. Howard and
Folsom, Seventh and Eighth.
VAN NESS, 228— Small sunny front room; pri-
vate family.
VAN NESS, 616— Large sunny furnished front
parlor, $18. »
VAN NEBS aye.. 786— Sunny furnished room;
gentlemen preferred.
$1 WEEK, large sunny furnished room, closet,
bath; private. 314 Fifth st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
BOARDING AND ROOM 9.
CAPP. 614— Mission; pleasant homelike home:
rooms and board; terms moderate. ,
EDDY, 220— Sunny froi. single and double
rooms; flrst-clasi board, $3 SO.
FELL, 26— Nicely furnished sunny parlors for
two, with board, $35. __^
FOLSOM, Bli— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HYDE, 1105— Front sunny room: gas, bath,
running water: breakfast; $10 month.
MCALLISTER, 1229— Double parlor modern up-
per flat, with board for two; $45.
WALLER, 1246— Comfortably furnished sunny
room; bath and piano; good board; home
comforts; references exchanged.
WANTED— In a quiet Protestant family where
there are no other boarders two gentlemen,
either friends or brothers, who would be will-
ing to occupy one sunny room with separate
beds: bath Included; terms very reasonable:
references exchanged: quiet neighborhood;
cars pass the door. Address A. P.. 2854 Fol-
som st.
VAN NESS. 808— Beautiful sunny parlors:
modern; first-class table.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY~would like Tor 2 children to board; any
age: can take charge of Infant from birth:
large yard; cow's milk. Address R. X., box
5, Call office, Oakland.
ENGLISH widow would like 2 children to
board; furnished room for parents. 51 Clara.
WIDOW would take 1 or 1 children t.> board:
motherly care. 448 Tehama f>t.
HEALTHY location near school: large y«ird;
hPst of care for 1 or 2 children. 2524 Mission.
STORES TO LET.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap rent.
STORE, S rooms, cellar and yard; rent $14.
326 Ninth st. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
$15— LARGE store and 2 living rooms. South-
west corner of Ellis and Scott sts.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
what'Vthat? ~" you are?
GOING to BUY a PIANO?
WELL. NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1898, with every dollar ex-
pended on the ■ instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and wil! back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
Ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano Is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
The address is 526 Hayes st. .. .'.':
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT. .
ON account of extensive alterations In our
warerooms we offer the following bargains:
. One Newhall piano '. $ 55
One Raven & Bacon piano — ............ 70
One New York . piano ; 100
One Gilbert piano 125
One Mathushek piano ."...' 140
One Weber piano .....:.".. .'.... 165*
One Oabler piano 195
One Jewett piano 213
One Stelnway piano 2*o
One Steck piano — 345
One Chlckerlng piano . — 3*5
All • guaranteed: easy payments. BENJ.
CURT A Z & SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. »
ANY person having use for > a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased - from us at ■ cash - prices upon
monthly payments of $3, $4. $6, $6, $7, $8. $9,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without' sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway,
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutler sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest ' and largest house
west of Chicago is ■ KOHLER & CHASE'S.
' 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical " instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices, • including
Steinways. Chickerlng, Hallett & Davis.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO.. 933 Market st. ■ V
FINE tone, large size upright. $125: great bar-
gain; new Decker & Son and Gibson pianos
at low prices. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
COLBY pianos are the best for the money in
• the market; highest award at World's Fair:
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
-Brlggs and other. pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post St.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
; • ments. EATON ESTATE. 785 Market st.
A BARGAIN— elegant - high grade piano.
1 ; $160. Room 12. Flood building.
$90— DURABLE upright piano, action perfect.
; for sale on Installments. 211 Leavenworth st.
BARGAIN— Good Steinway piano in first-class
: . condition, only ■ $100. 208 Post st.
$125— Fine upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis- -
ter st., next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY ' Haines Bros, - pianos; second-hand
; pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 . Post. 9
KNABE pianos: new -. scale; - new styles.
j KOHLER •&' CHASE. 30 Fan-ell St.;
' SUPERIOR violins, . zithers, old and new. :H.
J MULLER, ' maker, repairer. : 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
; -•; .-,::■.■. ■ ■ DENTISTS.;.. ;-.V'/V< • ~"
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; ' painless
. dentistry: :no shock; painless extraction a
. positive < fact: full. set of teeth.- $5 up; silver
fillings, 26c up; gold crowns. $3 60 up; your
: teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
; 997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1695.
• A FULL set of teath, $6; see new flexible
(plates; light and thin;: warranted ten years:
:. \ teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
• our specialty; fillings flOe: crowns, ts3 50: all
.work 'painless and warranted. . Chicago Den-
. tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. -■..;■/ '•■-■ . v. ••■-. ■•-■ :.■-...»-:
NEW YORK Dentists— extraction. 60c:
plates. $5; gold filling. 75c up; sliver. Ssc up;
plates mended, $1 up: special ■. Inducements ;
' : to ■ Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission, St., cor. Sixth. , -.■':-. . . -.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
'. - charge for extracting when plates are . made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $3 -.
I per set; extracting 50e; gas given. .-- '
DrTgeORGE W. LEEK, . genuine Leek dent-
1 1st.- discoverer c of r, painless j extraction y and .
i ■ patentee ; of improved . bridge ' work >or - T teeth
1 • without plate, moved | from 6to ; 20 : O'Farrell.
:L. : A. TEAGUE, A. • CANE and F. TEAGUE.
; . : removed to i Call i bldg. , J 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work; reasonable ' and = warranted. DR. J. •
i .■; W. , KEY, IMP Market St.- '■-•■- '
| SET ' of teeth without -i a-; plate. V. DR. /. H. > & "
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. -.. -
-5a» .— . \^
1314
MEDICAL. ' .
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,,
etc.; babies adopted ; travelers treated ; no
delay: self-cure sent: call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA\ lES, o9
McAllister St.; pills, |2. _,
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; lund sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home in confinement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills ana capsules, $1.
MRS DR. WYETII. 01$ Post Ft., nr. parkin.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for -nil female-
diseases; a home in confinement, .with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or dlscour-:
aged call- on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a. true .friend. MR&.
VR. GWYER. 226 Turk st. /
BURF cure, when others fail: no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore In 1' day; never fails;
consultation free; can be sent and used at I
home. DR. POPPER.. 318 Ker.rny; orders by j
I telephone. . .___
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from- what-
ever cause): no instruments used: cure at of-
fice $5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
,AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
PRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles; [
rate, quick curt guaranteed: any ailment: J
'maternity home; best care; skill only; low ;
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure, *5. 401 Van Ness. !
A BOON to wives and mothers — price ■
Jl 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send I
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro. Manu- ■
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
LADIES. Chichester'e English Pennyroyal Pills )
(Diamond Brand) best: safe, reliable; take j
n", other; Fend 4c stamps for particulars, i
'•Relief for Lodles," letter by return mail: at ,
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., .Phila. !
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with j
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;'
' express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
BAD legs made good; all swollen or ulcer- j
ated limbs quickly cured. DR. MYERS.- i
Stockton. Cal. ; treatment by mall. j
CAPSULETAS — Preventive: pure: harmless:
guaranteed or money refunded; price $1 50.
MME. MASSON. 1223 Geary St.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo- I
men and children. ' j
IiA DIES— Mrs. Dr. Poets: infallible, safe rem- i
edies: SS years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUN HE. 1416 Bth st., Alameda. ;
DBS. K. A K. cure chronic, nervous, blood, |
skin or private dls .ses. 8 Mason St.. S. F. j
4 MARKET Branch office of The Call. ;
Want ads and subscriptions taken. _■
FOB SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, Id hand machinery. Me- I
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
THOROUGHBRED hatching eggs; Plymouth.
Rock, Brahma. Cochin. Minorca, Wyandotte, ■
Houdan. Spanish. Hamburg. Leghorns, Po-
lands, bantams; fowls for sale. F. KRAI'S, i
1031 McAllister st.
FOR SALE— A good, gentle cow; good milker: !
time up. Apply 353 Dolores st., between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth. SEJ&
TWO Victor bicycles in good order; price $8.
?.99 Hayes St., cor. Gough.
25-HORSEPOWER steam engine: cheap.
DONOHUE & KERDELL, 134 Sutter st.
FAIR OAKS. 94. cor. Twenty-second— Nice
baby buggy for sale; cheap.
FRESH milk cow; gives 18 quarts milk. 2123
Turk Ft.
SAFES— and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand I
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. 80. 787.
FULL-BLOODED Great Dane dog for sale.. j
Apply at Call office. I
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE, i
Choice Bourbon whisky, 85 proof, $16 30; Mc-
Braye r whisky. 100 proof. 5 years old. $22; .1
Al Jamaica rum, $16 f5: extra quality port.
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine, t
• years old. $6 50; 4 year. $7 50; real 6 year, ,
$ v 50; genuine grape brand}'. 100 proof. 3 year, ■" :
J22: 5 year. $2» 50.; . Zinfandel claret, $4 35: :
Burgundy claret. Jo 2": no charge for cooper- j
age or drayage: it pays to buy for cash.
- Standard Liquor Co., (21 Market, st., S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- j
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and. '
office .furniture and fixtures: new and se?- i
ond hand. J. NOONAN, - 1017-1019-1021-1023 !
I Mission st., above Sixth.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F. |
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records. $5 per doz. ; j
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press, j
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc., i
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh. '
FOR sal? Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st. I
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 £0, postage
free.
I.EGAI, >OTICES.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
C. JOHNSON, deceased.
• Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers, within ten months
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
SOX CO., No. 400 Market st., the same being
her place for the transaction of the business
of the said estate in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California.
ANNA E. JOHNSON,
Executrix of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. February 24. ISOS.
J. A. STEPHENS,
Attorney for Executrix. Clans Spreckels build-
injr.
TO LEASE-
. HOTEL to lease, SO rooms: 25 minutes from
city: fine bar. Apply JOHN SCHOUFE, 210
■ Market st. -
\ LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
' o ' . DOMESTCIC PORTS.
t GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 26— Bktn
Monitor, hence Feb 19; schr Beulah, hence
Feb 23; schrs Marion and C A Thayer, hence
Feb 18.
Sailed Feb 26— Schr Ruby A Cousins, for
Ban Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Emplre.for
San Francisco. •
, SEATTLE Balled Feb 2-5 -Stmr Humboldt,
for Alaska: bark Highland. Light, for Dyea. '
Arrived Feb 26— Bark Mercury, from Dyea.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
• » Carl Maack and Sophie Schmidt, 31—
John A. Longley and Clara E. Dale, — 21.
George Williams and Anna O. Jones, 22—21.
' . BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES^-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
emailc mail will not be inserted. They must :>"e
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be endorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
ANDERSON— Near Traver, Ca!., February 17,
ISM, to the wife of J. A. Anderson, a son.
BONE— In this city, February 24. IS9B, to the
wife of W. H. Bone, a daughter.
CONATY— In this city, February 16, 189?, to
the wife of Mike Conaty, a daughter.
CLEVELAND— In Biggs, February 14. ' IS3S, to
•the wife Of Mayo Cleveland, a daughter.
CANT ELL— In Tulare. February IS, 1898, to
. the wife of J. B. Cant well, a son.
GAMES— In Fruitvale, February 9, iSSS, to the
■ wife of John Gambs, a daughter.
GRAHAM— Near Dinuba. Cal.. February 18 I
1888, to the wife of W. H. Graham, a Eon.
JACOKSON— In this city, February 16. 18SS, to
the wife of Gustaf Jacobson. a son.
JENSEN— In this city. February 13, IS9B, to the
wife of Charles H. Jensen, a daughter.
KILGALLON— In this city, February 13, 1898,
to the wife of James Kilgallon. a son.
LEVY— this city, February 24, ISM, to the
wife of Sam Levy, a son. • -
L 1.*281G — In this ' city. February 19, IS£>B, to
the wife of Kmil Llebig, a son.
LUBY— In this city,' January 25, 1898, to the
; wife of E. P. Luby, a daughter.
McCRACKEN— In Dinuba, February 19/IS9B, to
the wife of. B. E. • McCracken," a daughter.
McGEE— Near Orosi. February 19, 1898, 't0 the
wife of Harry M<-Gee. a »on. • .
MESENBURG— February 12, 1898, to the wife
of Herman Mesenburg, a son.
MESSEC— Near Pacheco, February 20, IS9S, to
. the wife of Albert Messec; a son.
MOGK— In Colusa. February 21. IS9B. to the
wife of J. C. Mogk (nee Nagel), a daughter. '
• MUNJAR— At Pine Creek,: February 12, IS9B. to
the wife of William Munjar. a son. . - ,;
NELSON— In this city. " February 22, 1898, to
the wife of John' W. Nelson, a son. . .
STARK— In this city, February 20. IS3S, to the
wife of Herman Stark, a son. v ;-■",.
SLEVIN— In this city, February ,22,: IS3S, to
the wife of Thomas B. Slevin. a : son. '
BCHULTZ— In this city, Feruary 12.1895, to the
wife of George W. Schultz, a daughter. ; '
WHELAN-In- this city, February 17. 1898; -to
■ the- wife of- Matthew Sl.S 1 . Wbelan, ft eon.
MARRIED.
CRANMER-SAVAGE— In Palermo. February
14, IS9B. William S. Cranmer and Cora Sav-
age.
DX LACY— GARCIA— In Pinole. February 19.
IS9B, by the Rev. Father Plmental. John de
Lacy and Mary A. Garcia.
FLYNN— MIKI'HV- At St. Francis: Church.
.February 17, IWB, by the Rev. Father Heslin.
Joseph Flynn and Minnie Murphy.
GLYNN -SKILLICORN— In this cit . February
21. -1898, by the Rev. Father Connelly, Harry
M. Glynn and Eliza J. Skllllcorn.
HANDY- P-REWKTT— In Georgetown. Cal.,
February 22, 181*8. by the Rev. Thomas Mur-
ri*h, George P. Handy and Ludie E. Prew-
»<tt.
NEBEL— ORDWAT— In this city. February 22.
1898, by the Rev. Charles Edward Locke, D.D.,
of Die Central M. E. Church. John J. F.
Nebel ami Mrs. Annie Ordivay, both of San
Erranclsco
PI»< !K— BROWXLEE— In MarysvUle, February
'7, 1898, by the Rev. Mr. >le Mont. Charles W.
Pecfi ;ma Annie Brownlee.
PATTEE— HILI^— In ViFßiia, Fobruary 15, IS9S,
by the Rev. A. Melvin Williams. Jesse Pat-
tee and Fannie Hill.
WAITERS— GARN6EY— In Reno. Nov.. Feb-
ruary 22, 1898, Ike Waters and Mrs. Julia
Garnsey.
DIED.
Alfe'rit7.. PetT McLaUghlln, William
Blanton, Gladys C. Mackey, Mary
Burns, Captain H. B. Miller, Carrie B.
Capp, Samuel M. Moock, Jacob
Corcoran, John F. Mooney, Florence
Couher, Minnie Murphj, Patrick
Crego, Mary J. Nixon. Robert S.
Day, Daniel C. Pastene, John W.
I. Donovan. David M. Paul. Margaret
! (iuinn. Margaret Power. Thomas F.
Ilininielmann. George Robins, Jennie A.
Hunt, Mary S.. Ryan, Daniel
Imsick. Wilhelmlna Sykes, Annie
Kaveny, Thomas J. ■ Toulouse, Bonard
Kelly. James Treanor, Thomas
Kili'y. Mary Trebucq. Denis
Letvh. John Wallace, David H.
Llebig (infanO Weidler. Katharina
Lowehstein.' Isaak Whittier, Alonio A.
| ALFERITZ- In this city, February 28. IS9S,
Peter, beloved husband of Susan Alferitz,
i and father of George c.and Henry Alferitz,
a native of France, aged 59 years and 9
months.
tT^'Friends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at. 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. i*2o Green street. Interment Odd Fel-
. lows' Cemetery.
BLANTON— In thin city, February 26, IS9R.
Gladys Caroline, beloved daughter of Ague*
S. and John S. Blanton, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month and 1 day.
I BURNS— In this city. February 26. IS9B, Cap-
tain Henry 8.. beloved husband of Emily
Burns, and .father of Arthur H. and the late
Louis D. Burns, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged 56 years.
; CAPP— In this city, February 26, 189S, Samuel
M., beloved husband of Kate B. Capp. a na-
tive r,f Philadelphia, Pa., aged 63 years.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respeot-
! fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
! dence.. SIS McAllister street. Interment pri-
vate
i CORCORAN— In this city, February 25, 1898,
| J'l.n F., beloved son of William and the late
Maria Corcoran, and brother of Thomas,
Mary. Jane and Alice Corcoran, a native of
' San^Francis.eo, agea 22 years and 24 days.
in7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
j dence, 357 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
I Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Ci'l'NEß- In Tucson. Ariz., February 22. IS9S.
Minnie, beloved wife of Jeff D.. and mother
"f Mary and Margaret Couner. a native of
Otteryille.Cooprr County, Mo., aged 36 years.
IT?" Buried at Tucson, February 24. IS9B.
. CREGO— In this city. February 25, IK9S. Mary
J. Crego. grandmother of G. H. Borland, a
native of Salem. Mass., aged 64 years 11
months and 9 days. ' ■
tC7"Frlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2v2 v o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. Mti Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
DAY— In thfs city, February 2fi. IS9B, Daniel
Carter, beloved husband of Mary C. Day,
and father of Alfred H., George \\\ and Dan-
iel J. Day. a native of Vermont, aged 65
years and S months.
[C^Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
j fully invited to attend the' funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at v3O o'clock, from his late resi-
! dence. 2W> Chenery street, thence, to St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celeh rated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemeteiy.
DONOVAN— In this city. February 25, 1898.
l'avid M., eldest and beloved son of Murty
j and the' late Catherine Donovan, and brother
i of Edward. Hugh .and John Donovan, and
cousin of Mrs M. Kelly, a native of Mari-
posa County, Cal., aged 27 years 7 months
j and 2S .lays...
ICTFriemls are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 7:3')
I o'clock, from his late residence. 1436 Mission
str^ft. thence to St. '■ Joseph's Church, where
a mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at S o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GUINN-In this Mty, February 25. IK9S. Mar-
| gnret Guinn, mother of W. J. liuinn'. a na-
j tlve of County Longford, -Ireland, aged 6S
i years.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-moirow
(Monday), at S:3U o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 77 Natoma s.treet, thence to St. Pat- !
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass !
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, |
! commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy ■
Cross Cemetery.- • .
HIMMELMANN— In this city, February 26.
1898, George C, beloved husband of Minnie
E. Himmelmann, and fa.ther of Adele, Cath-
arine and George R. Himmelmann, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3& years 4' months and j
IS days.
i HUNT— In ths city, February 26, IS?S, Mary
S. HunU mother of John Hunt. ■ J
C?No flowers. Interment private.
IMSICK— In this city, February 25, I\HB. Wil- I
helmina Imsick,. dearly beloved riiother of
Fred, Herrmann and Willie Imsick. Mrs. F. j
Block. Mrs. E. Alber. Mrs. J. Denzler and
Mrs. F. Rathjens, a native uf Germany, aged
I 6'j years 3 months and 27 days. (Philadelphia '
papers please copy.)
[^Friends and acquaintances are Fespect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at ' 2 o'clock, from the residence i
of her daughter. Mrs. F. Rathjens, 13278
Pacific street, between Leaven-worth and
Hyde. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KAVENY— In this city, February 2ig, 1898,
Thomas John, dearly beloved son of' Thomas
Kaveny, brother of Miss Annie Kaveny, Mrs.
J. Ballard, Mrs. Theresa Smith and Walter
Kaveny, and uncle of Walter J. Ballard. a
native of London, England, aged 56 years and
6 months. . ■•
KELLY— In Martinez, February 19, IS9S, James
Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged 49 years and
7 months.
KILEY— In Santa Clara, February 24. 1898,
Mary Kiley, a native of Ireland, aged '78
years. . S3Tj&j!
LERCH— In this city. February 25. 1898, John,
beloved husband of Maria C. Lerch, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 63 years 1 month and
11 days.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the -parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Please omit flowers' . •
LIE-BIG— In this city, February 20, IS9S, be-
loved infant son of Kate and Emil Liebig, a
native of San Francisco.
LOWENSTEIN— In this city, February 25, 189S,
Isaak, beloved husband of Lena Lowenstein.
and father of Mrs. Levy,' Mrs. J. Kron,
Mrs. S. Flyshaker, Mrs. J. Ramon and
Nathan, Joseph and David Lowen.stein, 'a
native of Germany, aged 71 years 9 months
and 19 days.
GTFriends are respectfully- invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, 1012 Jack-
son street," between Mason and Taylor. In-
termer.t Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. . • .
I. O. B. B.— Members of Modin Lodge No. 42.
. I. O. B. 8.. are requested to meet at the
lodgeroom this day (Sunday), at 9 o'clock,
• for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our 'ate brother, Isaak Lowenstein. By orde-
of H. MAUSER. President.
McLAUGHLIN— Near Antioch, February 20,
IS3S, William McLaughlln,' a native of Ire-
land aged 20 years. ■ X - -
MACKEY— Near Berryessa, February 24, 1898. ■
Mary Mackay, a native of Ireland, aged 33
years. -
MILLER— In Oakland, February 24, 1898. Car-
rie Bosworth, beloved wife of Robert S. Mil-
ler, a native of San Francisco, aired 'M years
2 months and 6 days.
MOOCK— In this city, February 24, IS9S, Jacob,
dearly beloved husband Of Mary E. Moock,
father of Carl F., Edna E., Katie, Louise C.
and John J. Moock, SOU of Kntherine Moock,
and brother of Gretchen, Barbara, Katie,
' Peter, John and George Moock, a native of
Germany, aged 43 years 3 months and 29
days. A member of German Metzger Verein,
Butchers' Board of Trade and Memorial
Lodge No. 174. A. O. U. W. . •
in?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
; (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Shiels build-
Ing. 32 O'FHrrell street, v.here funeral serv-
• . lceswil! be held under, the auspices of Mem-
; orial Lodge No. 174, A. 0. . U. W. Remains'
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mis-
sion street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOONEY— In this city, February 26. 189$,
: Florence, wife of Squire V. Mooney, a na-
• live of New York, aged 37 years. :
. mm 5 * Friends Hie respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
; at 2 o'clock, at .' the , residence, 1727 Page
street. Interment private, Laurel Hill Ceme-
i tery. ■.■■■•.' . ■. ■ ';
MURPHY— In this city. February 26. 1898, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Marguerite T. Mur-
■ phy, and father of William P. J.. Katie F., .
Mamie A. and Nellie V. Murphy, a native of
Buttavent,, County Cork, Ireland, aged 63
j years.
: C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Monday), at 9:80 o'clock, from, his late resi- :
• dence, 227 "Hayes street, •', thence to St. 1 Jo-
seph's: Church, Tenth street, ■ where a sol-
■ emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul,: commencing at 10 o'clock. !
' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.'. : ..
NIXON— In this city, ' February 26, 1898, Rob-
crt S., beloved husband of Jane Nixon, a na-
. tive of St. Catherine, Canada, , aged 72 years.
K7Frießdi* and acauiUatuices an rwpect-J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence. 230 Scott street. Interment pri-
vate, at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
O'LEARY— In this city. February 26, 189S, at
his late residence. 3539 Twenty-fourth street,
John O'Leary. a native of Ireland, aged 58
years. A member of Bay City Lodge. A. O.
U. W., and Journeymen Coopers' Union.
B^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
PAPTENE— In this city, February 26, 1898. of
diphtheria, John William, beloved child of
John and Emily Pastene. a native of San
Francisco, aged S years and 1 day.
PAUL— In this city, February 26, IS9R. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Caspar Paul,
and mother of Mrs. Jacob Kreel and John
L. Paul, a native of Alsace. Germany, aged
7S years 1 month and 4 days.
C?'Funernl private. Remains at the par-
lors, of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street.
POWER— In this city. February 25. 189S,
Thomas F., beloved son of Rose and the late
Thomas H. Power, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 yenrs.
O'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, 2535 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROBINS— In Berkeley, February 26, 1898, Jen-
nie A. Robins.
tC7"The funeral will take place this day
fSunday). Interment private.
RYAN— In this city, February 26, ISSB, Dan-
iel, dearly beloved husband of Mary Ryan,
and father of Thomas F., Daniel A.. Lizzie
C, Margaret R.. James A., Mary T. and
Ignatius J. Ryan, a native of Clonmel,
County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 54 --ears.
£?■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitea to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1514 Franklin street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SYKES- la tl.is city, February 26, IS9B. Annie
Sykee, beloved mother of Henry A. and the
late Waiter E. Brown. Mrs. C. Perrins, Mrs.
A. Freeman and Alice Brown, a native of
Halifax, N. S., aged 61 years and 8 months.
tT7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
TREANOR— In the City and County Hospital.
February 25. IS9B. Thomas- Treanor, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 29 years.
TREBUCQ— In this city, February 24, IS9B,
Denis, beloved husband of Madeleine Tre-
. bucq, brother of Benard and Jean, uncle of
' Benard Mousquil. and brother-in-law of Mr.
and Mrs. Nicolas Gallard. a native of France,
aged 46 years and 3 months.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Thirty-fourth and Railroad avenues.
South San Francisco, thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held, under the aus-
pices of Franco-American Lodge No. 207. In-
terment Golden Gate Cemetery.
TOULOUSE— In Golden Gate. Oakland. Febru-
ary 24, 1898. Benard, beloved husband of Al-
bine Touloure. and father of Louise Tou-
louse, a native of France, aged 42 years.
[Cs"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godcau, thence to French Church of
Notre Dame dcs Victoires, where services
will be held, commencing at 10:30 o'clock,
thence to French Zouaves' Hall, 320 Post
street, between Stockton and Powell.
WALLACE- In the City and County Hospital,
February 26, I*9B, David Hutehinson Wal-
lace, a native of lowa, aged 61 years.
WEIDLER— In this city, February 26, 18SS,
Kathsrina Weidler, beloved mother of Mrs.
Begman, Mrs. William Stap and Mrs. J.
Welz, a native of Hessen, Germany, aged 77
years 4 months and S days.
WHITTIER-In this city. February 25, IS9S,
Alonzo A., beloved son of Flavilla S. and the
late Alonzo A. Whittier. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 12 days,
[TT'Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock, at the residence. 1019 Oak street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRF.CTORS & EMHALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln Sohool. I
Telephone, South 80. I
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AXD EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van .Ness aye., near Market St., San
Francisco. Telephone So. 156.
Estab. ISSB. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, bpacious chapel for the un«
of- oiii patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
MOTEL ARRIVALS,
PALACE HOTEL.
W J Carney, Chgo I J 8 Kauffman, Pttsbrg
Mrs H J Wilson, Butte Thos Flint Jr. S Juan
R S Copley, N V J R Patton &w S Jose
F H Green S Rafael ! W W Hyde & w, Conn
H N Denny Syracuse I Lillian Heath, Wyo
II L Whitman, S Louis I W S Stltt, N V
W H Gelshmen, NY S N Wolback &w, Nefc
Miss C Gelshmen N V I John N Hoffman. N V
Miss M Gelshmen N V II de Clement, Paris
Mrs W H Gelshmen, Mile G de Clemont,
N V Paris
Master Gelshmen, N V J H Perry A 2 daugh-
Mlss M E Dunne, N Yj ters. Detroit
R H Stewart, Boston jW C Scofleld Cleveland
F D Shaw & w, Mcd- Mrs Frank Rockefeller
ford Cleveland
Clara Krauth, MedfrdiMiss L E Scofield
O B Wi.khani. Clvlndi Cleveland
L T Wright. Keswick! A J Franks, Chgo
E W Way bright, Dnvr M T Lynn, Chicago
W M Jack & w. Port-G Lloyd, Chicago
land ; Wm Foxen. Detroit
Geo F Curtis, DC F W Foxen, Detroit
J L Lohfer, Phila Franklin I^eonard. Nev
F G Moyer, NY . A J Hechtman & w,
O S Talcott. Hartford Sacto
H Altemus Jr. Phila Chas F Scott, N V
J F Almy & w, Salem 11 A Grant, w & d,
S Ullman, N V TarrytoWn, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
F A Gray. Ben Lmnd H A Peckham Palo A
G J Roote. NY DC McClelland, Wagon
F F Smith, Sacto Wheel Gap
J V Ellis. San Rafael E F Hilton & w S Crz
W U Lawlor S Rafael , Mis* M Hilton. S Cruz
W G Witter. Sn Carls: Miss F Hllton.S Cruz
D X Jones, Sta Hosa ' Miss Baker, Tulare
H Cunningham, Oakld jN S Carman, San Jose
W W Foote. Oakland j Mrs F C Wood Chcgo
G L Cross, Berkeley I W Gaskill, Jackson
FJ Brandon, San Jose D C Nichols, Jackson
E D McCabe. Sacto G B McKee. San Jose
S Spencer. Gunnison A de Rocheburn S Jose
H M Baker & w.LAng.J S Minor. San Jose
J Mack. Los Angsjes G Fox & w.Healdsbrg
W W Middlecoff.Stktn W H Lumsden S Rosa
S Rorehow. Idaho jj A Prevost, Fall Rivr
G M Foote. Hollister C X Prevost, St Albns
Mrs J.Loekwood, L Isl S Newell, Stockton
Mrs Morris, Brooklyn [J Donaid U S N
C Erlckson, S L Obsp J A Brent. Plymouth
E E Smith. Detroit H M Harris, Marysvle
W G Hudson, Watsonv Mrs R Tilt"" Cambrde
J V Hill. Trenton. Cal; A W Lawrence & w
T Fewr, Onamonga Sturgeon Bay. Wis
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Lester, Ukiah J Rowe, Madera
H B Price, Coquille C E E Rasor, <'al
A Wold S Dakota A Bethem <fe w, B C
O Ochus, S Dakota J Cline, S Diego
J ; Pnrry. Cal Mary r"Hne, S Diego
<; Williams. S Jose W Shutt, Pomona
J Loftus. S Jose W J Bennett, Pomona
F L Mason & w, Ptld J W Hulman, Pomona
G Hatch. Oakdale J X Edgerlv, Pomona
T W Diehl. Oakdale W Egnn, Spodrn
R Shepanl, Cal H G Peets, L Ang
S Lambler, cc a l : G M Pollock. Plttab*
J Davis, Stockton E .1 Pollack. Pa
D J Ferguson, Fresno E S Asklll, L Ang
R Robinson, Visalia 'J L Pulliam, L Ang
C B Howard, Carson O II Oxby, L Ang
J Peterson, I. Ang !J C Blum, L Ang
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S Mlerllavacca, Napa IL Kolley &w. Sonora
J Rosenburg, Napa M E Durber, Boston
H Mohr, Mt Eden JL B Archer. San Jose
T Stlllman, Sta t'ruz C Heine, Los Angeles
W P Rigg, Chicago Mrs E Williams. Fresn
G Swanston, Sacto L B Allen. Sargent
B Phillips. Oaklnml <i Klmjiel. N V
G J Kurz, Dubu<(u.».la N MlcheU, f'hk-npo
AY Slocum. KelseyvlHe Mrs M Marks. Stocktn
Mrs H Beardsley.SLke! W E Moore. Stockton
E N BeardSley. Sit Lk R C L'.nsr. Chicago
A 3 Gooilwln. Seattle B Wheeler &w,Lke Co
L A Bookim, San Jose
■ ■ ♦ . _ ■.
A New Athletic Club.
The commission merchants of the fruit
market organized an athletic club last
Monday evening:, which will be known as
the Merchants' Athletic Club, with quar
ters at 32.j Davis street. The ob
jects of the new organization will be to
promote amateur athletics, physical cul
ture and social intercourse. Twenty-five
members are already enrolled. On
Thursday evening next the first entertain
ment will be held. Following are Its offi
cers: President, J. J. Pastine: vice-presi
dent, G. Webster; treasurer. S. P. Vlcini;
secretary, J. Josephs; leader, J. McMa
hon; directors— M. Zan, J. Malcolm and j
H. Dunbar.
E. B. Stonehill's Will.
The last will of Edward B. Stonehnl,
the ex-District Attorney, who died in this
city on the sth inst., was filed for probate
yesterday. The estate - 3 total value is
$225, and consists of wearing apparel,
books and office furniture. The widow
of the testator, Sarah J. Stonehnl, is
sole devisee and executrix.
Will of A. J. Klang.
The will of A. J. Klang was filed for
probate yesterday. The estate of the tes
tator, which is valued at $1000, is be
queathed the widow, Sophia Klang.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Nooaan, TOl7-1Q23 Miwion.
WILL HUNT FOR
THE DEFICITS
The State Board Ap
points an Important
Committee.
Will Examine the Finances
of the Alaska Trade
Committee.
Many Other Important Resolutions
Were Passed by the
Board.
At the meeting: of the State Board of
Trade held yesterday for the purpose
of taking some action in regard to re
viewing the management of the affairs
of the Alaska trade committee, it was
decided to appoint a committee to In
vestigate the books, assets and liabili
ties of the Alaska trade committee, and
this committee will report back to the
State Board at an adjourned meeting
to be held next Tuesday. The mem
bers of the committee are W. H. Mills,
B. N. Rowley and Craigie Sharp.
The following important resolutions
were also passed by the board:
First— ln all efforts made for the pur
pose of advertising the resources of the
State of (California, paramount considera
tion should be given to the question of
creating new markets, augmenting and
extending existing markets for the prod
ucts of the fields, orchards, vineyards,
gardens, mines and forests of this State.
Socond- A profitable market for the
products of a commonwealth is the con
trolling factor in the growth, the pros
perity and development of that common-
Third— An exhibition which will furnish
a knowledge of the resources of this
State to the people of the civilized world
will accomplish the maximum good.
Fourth-ln view of those fundamental
considerations the State Board of Trade
will at once enter upon the collection of
an exhibit to be placed with the exhibit
made by the people of the United States
at the international exposition to be held
in Paris in the year lPnn.
Fifth— The State Board of Trade will
at once commence the collection of finan
cial resources for the purpose of making
California's exhibition at Paris in 1900
adequate and effective.
Sixth— That at an early date the Boards
of Supervisors of the various counties of
this State and commercial bodies be re
quested to send delegates to a State con
vention to be held in the city of San
Francisco, for the purpose of devising
means for a unified exhibition of the
products of this State at Paris, as here
inbefore set forth.
Seventh— That the determination of
this board to make an exhibit at Paris in
1900 is not taken with any reference to
any sentiment of opposition In the minds
of the members of this hoard to any lo
cal celebration or exposition which may
be planned: but, on the contrary, the
State Board of Trade will lend all aid
within its power to any effort made in
the direction -of making a great exposi
tion in celebration of the semi-centennial
anniversary of the statehood of the State
of California.
Resolved. That the foregoing declara
tions be made the subject of special con
sideration at the regular meeting of this
hoard (.n the Sth of March; that all per
sons Interested be invited to attend the
regular meeting of the hoard, and that
a special invitation be extended to the
Governor of the Btate, to the executive
committee of the California Press Asso
ciation, to the editors and proprietors of
ail journals published in the State of Cal
ifornia, to members of the Boards of j
Supervisors or delegates appointed by
them, and to interested and patriotic citi
zens throughout the State.
THE RAINS HAVE
BEEN VERY LIGHT
Forecaster Hammon Is Still
Hopeful of Abundant
Downpours,
Climatic Conditions Not Changed In
the Last Twenty-Four
Hours.
The present rainstorm seems to be as
timid about making: its debut as a society
maiden who makes her first entry fin a
! dramatic production, but it is to be hoped
I that when it does make its triumphal ap
! pearance it will be as generous in its fa
vors as the aforesaid debutante is of her
meager histrionic abilities after Fhe has
! once played to an audience composed of
her patient and sympathetic friends.
Although Forecaster Hammon predict
ed copious rains during Saturday, just
barely enough moisture fell to save his
reputation as a prophet, and unless he
succeeds better in his prognostications
| for Sunday he will find himself without
: honor even in his own country.
Mr. Hammon said: "The conditions
have not changed one particle in the last
twenty-four hours except that the storm
has approached a little bit nearer to the
coast line and will push in still further.
The wind has been high southeast from
San Francisco north all Thursday and
Friday, and the barometer has been fall
ing slowly but steadily during that time.
It is unaccountable and upsets all previ
ous precedents how the conditions have
remained so constantly favorable to rain
and yet so little has fallen. This city js
right on the edge of a storm which is
centered on the Oregon coast, where
there have been abundant downpours,
and yet only .02 of an inch fell here yes
terday and that was all precipitated in
the early morning. The Sacramento Val
ley fared a shade better and had .08 of an
inch, while along the coast north of San
Francisco one-half an inch fell. I am
still of the opinion that within the next
twenty-four hours there will be plenty of
rain.
"The conditions at present are not such
as will make rain in the San Joaquin Val
ley, but the region north of Tehachapi
will get rain when San Francisco does.
1 am confident that this storm will not
leave us until it has plentifully besprin
kled a considerable portion of this State
and assured the usual good crops for Cal
ifornia, I earnestly hope that the flood
gates of heaven will be opened and bear
me out in my forecasts, which are found
ed on the conditions as they actually ex-
A Dead Woman's Effects.
Benard Cediey, 1513 Fifteenth avenue.
South San Francisco, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Low's court yesterday
for the arrest of Henry Gpsper, his
brother-in-law, on the charge of grand
larceny. When Cediey's wife was buried
about two weeks ago there was a dis
graioful scene at the grave, as Cediey
wanted to get possession of the rings
that were on his dead wife's fingers.
Gosper removed the furniture from
Cediey's house the same day, as he
claimed it all belonged to his sister, and
now Cediey wants him arrested.
Rheumatism cured. Mo pay until cured. Dr.
Gordin'B Sanitarium. 5U PlMt\iii\Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Katherine Keller has filed suit for di
vorce from John W. Keller on the ground
of desertion. Katie M. Turpin has applied
for a divorce from William 8. Turpin.
As a cause of action the plaintiff alleges
cruelty. Ella R. Clark has applied for
a divorce from her husband, W. J. Clark,
on the eround of failure to prwviUo.
A WARNING
TO KLONDIKERS
Unreliable Solicitors at
the Entrance Gates of
the City.
Smooth - Tongued Sharpers
Who Seek to Trap the
Unwary.
Strangers Borne Off to Unscrupulous
Houses and Unmereilully
"Bled."
Now that the Klondike rush Is fairly
on, it is but timely that a word of
warning be spoken for the benefit of
the hundreds who are flocking to San
Francisco t<> outfit for the frozen north
— let them beware of the wily "capper"
who daily plies his trade at the ferry
depot.
When the great rush was in its in
cipiency San Francisco's merchants,
with their accustomed push and ener
gy, advertised the city far and wide
as the foremost outfitting point on the
coast. The great natural advantages of !
the city were told and told again, facts, j
figures and plain statements were
brought before the prospective miner
everywhere, and the eyes of the world
turned toward the city of the Golden
Gate as the natural outfitting point,
and as a result they are coming from
north, east, south and west; coming
singly and in parties; by train, ship
and caravan, all eagerly looking to
ward San Francisco as the last halt
ing ground before the perilous journey
is begun.
This advertising was carried on by
legitimate and enterprising business
men, who contributed liberally toward
it without mentioning any individual
house, but only the cty as a general
point, and it has been taken advantage
of in a most shameful way by scurri
lous and unreliable merchants whose
only stock in trade consists of an im
measurable amount of nerve and a
supply of useless goods w-hich can eas
ily be foisted upon the unwary and in
experienced by glib-tongued salesmen.
To resort to legitimate methods of
advertising wouid be entirely out of
the question with these dealers, as an
advertisement would only be a danger
signal to warn people away, so they
have resorted to the old method which
has been worked so many times that
the only wonder is it was not aban
doned and thrown aside long ago as
worn out. The plan is this: A num
ber of "smooth articles," silver tongued,
loudly dressed and decked with the
most approved designs of paste dia
monds are picked up from any old place
— the County Jail or State Prison pre
ferred. These men are supplied with
stock circulars, business cards and re
commendations of good character and
stationed at the ferry depot. As soon
as a stranger arrives en route for Klon
dike he is immediately spotted and :
pounced upon by a horde of sagacious
"pullers" who paint their own charac
ters in the rosiest hues. The gullible
onp is then borne off in triumph to
shoddy cheap-johns, the front of which
is hidden with flaring posters and a
display of goods, the use of which in
the Klondike is as inexplicable to any
one who knows the first thing about
that region as the method by which
they could be brought there.
Once inside the bucolic one is re
ceived with open arms, and assured
that if he does not carry off half thp
stock of the store, with a few of the
fixtures thrown in by way of good
measure, he will perish before he is half,
way to the gold regions.
The plan is generally successful, as
these people are the smoothest of their
kind, and the unwary customer carries
away a stock of goods which would be
useless to him anywhere, and for which
he has paid in good gold coin about
three times the value. He is then
smilingly turned loose, given a supply
of cards of the house which he prom
ises to distribute among his friends,
and safely dispatched to a third-class
lodging-house controlled by the same
people.
The proprietor then rubs his hands
in glee, divides the spoils with his
capper, and the trap is again baited for
a fresh victim.
The only safe method for strangers
to avoid being robbed by these unre
liable dealers is to take things slowly.
Pay no attention to any solicitor, how
ever oily his tongue, and look around
for a few days before purchasing any
thing. The reliable houses are easy
to find; they cannot afford to divide
profits with a solicitor and do not at
tempt to sell useless goods at exorbi
tant prices.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FORDYEA
And SKAGUAY !
i
THE NORTHERN COAST
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH
Str. "Tillamook"
MARCH 2, 1898.
*. For passage apply to
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
General Agents,
18 CALIFORNIA STREET.
, Telephone Main 655.
lIP ACNESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
Ijr UF iii-iHiitly. Our I NVISIBI.KTLT.K Cushion!
■»*■■■■'■■ help when ail else fail.*, iu> sf lasses help eyes.
Self-adjusting. No Pain. Whispers SrmitoCDCC
; V. HlKutto., 658 ir«r«.f. X.Y., for Cool; nnd l'roofs rIfCC
- Kad way's Ready Relief for Sprains, . Bruises. -
Sol* Muscles, Cramps, "Burns, Sunburns. Bark-
ache, Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Xeu-
lalgia. , Lumbago. " Internally V for ;; J all > ■ Bowel
Pains. » Colic, Diarrhoea. * Dysentery, - Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, ; Nausea. - etc. All ■ drur-
, cists. ;. •; •,■■■■ ••; ' : ■ :-_ vr : ~. .'•;.' '■•"•■.:v ;-"
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Kidney and Bladder Troubles Quickly Cured.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of the Great Discovery,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Sent Free by Mail.
Men and women doctor their troubles
so often without benefit that they get
discouraged and skeptical. In most
such cases serious mistakes are made
in doctoring and in not knowing what
our trouble is or what makes us sick.
The unmistakable evidences of kidney
trouble are pain or dull ache in the
back, too frequent desire to pass water,
scanty supply, smarting irritation. As
kidney disease advances the face looks
sallow or pale, puffs or dark circles
under the eyes, the feet swell and
sometimes the heart acts badly. Should j
further evidence be needed to find out
the cause of sickness, then set urine
aside for twenty-four hours; if there !
is a sediment or settling it is also con- j
vincing proof that our kidneys and j
bladder need doctoring. A fact often j
overlooked is that women suffer as j
much from kidney and bladder trouble
as men do.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is the die- |
covery of the eminent physician and i
scientist and is not recommended for
everything, but will be found just what !
is needed in cases of kidney and blad- |
REASON FOR SUCCESS
In successfully conducting such a grreat in-
stitution as that of the ENGLISH AND GER-
MAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS. 731 MARKET
STREET, many requirements are necessary.
I— A number of proficient and experienced
specialists should work in harmony.
2— Remedies that eradicate disease, conquer
pain and rebuild the weakened constitution.
3— lnstruments and appliances of best quality
that science can produce.
4— The method of treatment must be perfect
in all its various detail.
o— This institution is incorporated for $250,000.
CATARRH CURED FOR $5.00.
NO OTHER CHARGES.
The mpthods and remedies of our Catarrh
Specialist? tiavp lone been recognized as= pup>>r-
ior tii aP others. Relief is given at once and a
permanent pure soon follows.
CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED. All let-
ters confidential. Private book for men or
women sent sealed, by mail, free.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
"I < 731 market Street.
Hours,' 8-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, 9-11.
LAST WEEK
GREAT
Mining Fair
AND KLONDIKE EXPOSITION.
! MECHANICS' PAVILION.
OPEN TO-DAY 1 to 5 P. M. and 7 to 10 P. M.
German Symphony Concert afternoon and night
GERMAN SOCIETY DAY.
Drilling and Music.
Vote for Your Favorite Society.
MAINE BENEFIT TO-MORROW ALL DAY.
The Battle of Winchester, with Military, and
Musical Effects.
THURSDAY— A Sensation. • ,
FRIDAY— Club Day.
Admission 25 cents. Children 15 cents. .
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
—^ 1004 Market St.,
""I Sear Powell. ,
Telepnona, South 430,
tvi.it DR. JORDAN'S «**
flflai Museum of Anatomy
/ PlFal JCSI UASEXT ST. te - £ '- 4 7th, S. 7 CtL
m 3 B The Its kind in th? World.
\^w^\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Conaaltation fre«. TTrite for B«ok
v{ I & Philosophy of Marriage.
" il * ■--* M>IIID FRCC. •.,.'.
RAELRO AD TRAVEL.
lya— aiT CALIFORNIA
jl^m^lPl LIMITED.
fwlmP I SAN FRANCISCO
ißaSmigJill Chicago.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
SV4 days to Chicago. 4% , days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct '■ connection in ; Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points "
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1620. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway Sacra"
■ tnento office, • 201 J street. . San Jose, '7 • West
Santa Clara street. - ;_-..•,>
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY CIMPANY.
From September 10. 1897, trains will run mm
follows: ~
" Southbound. | . . I Northbound
"^S^rluS Stations.! "M^lSj^
Dally.- ; Exc'p'td Exc'p'td ; - Dally.
• 7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 6:40 nTmT
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. : Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:sSpm
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:20 D.m
11:40 a.m. v 5:20 p.m. Hanford ' . . :45 a.m. 1:15 n. m
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m.- Vlaalla : 6:40 a.m. 12:40 pin
y[ Stopping at Intermediate po int» wt»en required
Connections— Stockton . with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily ; at ' Merced ' with
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coulterville, etc. ;
also with < stage for Hornitos. Martposa. -i etc :
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Mader*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
- ,■: ■ ; ' (Via Sausalito Ferry). -.:■>; ;i. ' ;,
Leave San Francisco, i commencing Novem-
i ber * 13. * IS9< : ~ : *~.<- r * •'';*.--;. i.-.^ -.-- ;- r . ^- - v.- ..-•'
i; Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p m
Sundays— 10:00,- 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
• Round trip from • Mill -.Valley, ;■ 11. T. /
..t^° S B^fencf 8 ci ON ' m »**«
der disorders or uric acid troubles due
to weak kidneys, such as catarrh of the
bladder, gravel, rheumatism and
Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble. It corrects in-
ability to hold urine and smarting' in
passing it, and promptly overcomes
that unpleasant necessity of being
compelled to get up many times during
the night.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
of this great remedy is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful
cures. Sold by druggists^ price fifty
cents and one dollar. So universally
successful is Swamp-Root in quickly
curing even the most distressiag cases,
that to Prove its wonderful merit you
may have a sample bottle and a book
of valuable information, both sent ab-
solutely free by mail, upon receipt of
three two-cent stamps to cover cost of
postage on the bottle. Mention the Sari
Francisco Sunday Call and send your
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
hamton, N. T. This generous offer ap-
pearing in this paper is a guarantee
of genuineness.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ,
RO(TIIKR\ PACIFIC COMPACT. 9
• (PACIFIC SYHTEM.)-
Trains l*»»e «ntl aw «•"« •« nrrlT» •■ ° 7
KAN FBANfWCO.
*■ (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) • _^
leave _— _From Jaucaby 1, 1898. — arkit;
•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •g ***
7:OOa Benicia. Suisun and Sacramento. ... 1 0:«» A
7:OOa Marysvillo, OrovUleand Redding tia
Woodland * I ***
7:OOa Vacaville and Rumsey 8:45*
7:3© a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa, ,_
Calistoga and Santa Rose, . "I--'
»»*Oa Atlantic. Express, *)g«lon and Kast.. ■«*»»
»>;»« a Niles, San .lose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marys Chico, ■
TehamaandßedlJluff. ii 1 !.*
•Bi3Oa Peters, Milton and Oakdale ■rfilSr
SiOOa New Orleans Kxprecs, Merced. Ray- ' v
mond, J resno, Bakersfleld, Santa
JJuilivra, l«sAugole», Deming,
El l'a«o, New Orleans and Kast. 6:45p
9:O«a Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and *
Fresno * *»
•liOOp Sacramento Rlrer Steamers "O:OOp
liOOp Niles, San Jcsa and Way Stations.. JO: 1
ltSOr Martinez and Way Stations....; 7:45r
2:00r Livcrmore, Mendota, Uanford and
Viialia '; 4i15»
....... LiTerntore, Ban Jose, Niles and Way
Stations }10i154,
1:« Op Maitiue.;, San Ramon, VnlU-jo.
Napa, (';ili«i.i.gn, II Veraiiu and
SHiltalloßa... ........:: HIM
4>««P Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysvllle, Oro-
' vllle'and Sacrunieiito........ IA:4SA
4iSOp Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Str.ckton .. 7ilsr
4:80 p LatUrop, Modesto, Merced, Itrrenda, V • ; :,-
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and !.:.« Angrhs.. 7i4D*
4i»«P Santa Fe Rctite, Atlantic Kxi>russ
for Mojn and I'.ast O:4Sp
%Si3ot " Sunset Limited." Los Angeled, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St. •
■ '..' Louis, Chicago and East .......... §10:15*,
TO:3UF " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
. New Orleans and East |IO:ISa
«:O«r riliaynu Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... 9:45\
6:OOp HsiyiviiriN, MUhrjul Han J05e...... 7:45 a.
$»»:«»[• Va11ej0..:..:... ■.— ;..-..:...;.. t7:4Bp
hi«M>p Oregon Kx|irff»,Hacran)euto, Marys-
:"•>.- tillo, Jtodiilug,- Portland,'. I'nget
Sound and -Mast ■•.•■;.: 8:1Ba.
SAN LtA.NKKO AMI IlA Vl\ Al(l>;, LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
rctooA i * ( 77isl ■
S:OOa airlrnse. Sominury Park, I«O:43a 1
IO.'SSt ,Hfchbur ,Elml.an.t, \utli ■
• I1:OOa San lifaiKlro, South San 12:I»P
ti*:oo* Leall(lri> , Estudillo, C-\}° |«!|»5
ibVobp ! Lorenzo, Cherry . • 'l tl:4sp ,
4:00p , i3:43p
0:O«p »» a '■ «:1»P
OiSOp llayuarrti. * „ *»|f» "
7j«»»p . S:4^p ,
2 ! «°? i Rons through to Nile*. ' ,2 : F
»:OOp t l,>om Niles l«:50p
ttnasp,* * rom les ' nia:oo>
COAST lUVI"<!O.\ (\iirro»T fcaiigc). " :
___^ (Foot of Market Street.) " «^-. '' . .
*rl!>A Newark, Onleivillo.Niiii .lose.Feltmi, 3 : • = •' i ' •'
' ■ Cr«ek, Santa t'ruz ami Way ■
Stations '••••» .
•2»lSp Newark, Centcrtille, San Jose, New " . .
Aiiuadcii, Feltnit, Uoulder Creek. „ ■. • .*
Siinta Cruz mid Trincipal Way
Stations •!••»•*
4i1.1i- Newark, Han .los« and Los Gates.'.. . 9:»0a '
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion. Sao Jose and j
Way Stations . . ..:....: '. j7igQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Pram S.VK NUNCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*. M. Jl:00 *2:00 |3:0 l
•4:00 15:50 ' *6:00
?rom OIIUND— Foot or BrMdwar.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00. •1:00 t2:00 ''3:00 tt:QO '3:00 p.m.
~~ COAST DIVISION i ßroad (iauge)l "* '
• (Tliirdand Townaend Sts.) .'■ "
1 6isSa Sau Jose and Way Ktittions (New
• Alniaden Wednesdays 0n1y). ...'..; •is3a •
•iOOa Man :los'», Tres l'iuus, Santa Cruz, ,
Pacific Grove, l'aso Robles; San
Luis Oliiapo, (Juadaliipe, Surf and
'Principal Way .Stations 4:15r
IWi4Oa San .losa and Way .Stnlions *S:OO&
11:SOa San Jose and Way stations 8:3»a
■St3OrSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, --.'■,-
Santa Clara, Kan Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, .Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami Fncific Crove »lOi4O*
•3:1 3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:OOiv.
•4 ilsr San Jose ami Principal Wuy Stations 9:45
•5:OOp San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 1 :30f
5:80p San .lost! and Principal Way Stations 3::(0p
O:»Op San Jose anil Way .Stations 7:iiOr
<11:43r San Joseaml Way Stations 7:auy
A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon.
* Bundavs except cd. * Sundays only, t Saturdays only,
1 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nighU onlj.
sMondays5 Mondays and Thursdays. • . v;-I ■
I Wednesdays and Saturdays.' _
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO. .
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. - v
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : «:JS,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34
and 11:30 p. m. . :
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:10. i:M.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. . . •
m SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, .9:20. 11:10 a. tn.S
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ■"
SUNDAYS— SJO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. J:4«.
6:00. 6:25 p. ; m. .* . '
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park
same schedule as above. o . » , » • ■
Leave "■. , — - . Arrive •-•.'
San Francisco. . Oct 21, San Pranclse * '
Week I Sun- j rwthStlon '■ Sun- I Wee * ' •
Days. I days. ■ peßtinatlon daya. I days. _
7 :Soa.m. :00a.m. ! 'Novato, " 10:40 a.m. S:4oa.rrT ;
3:30 p.m. St:3oa.rn. ! Petaluma. ; 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m. "
5:10 p.m. s :oUp.m. ! Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. 6 :2ap*.m.-
. . - Fulton. • .
7 30a.m. Windsor, • > 1d:25a.m,.
Healdsburg 1 , •• ° .
■ . Lytton. ./■ '-'■ '. , ,
j GeyservUlQ, "'••" ° * .
3:30 p.m. 18:00 a.m .! Cloverdale 7:35 p.m. I 6:7?n.Tn.
•:■■ ■■'• ] lHopland and < =
7 :30 a.m. 1 8 -00a.m. [ Uklah. | 7 :85 p.m. 6:220.111, -
7:80 a.m. I \ . . 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. ; GuernevMe. ; 7:35 p.m.!
8 :80 p.m. i__ i - . ; -- 6:22 p.m.
" :30a.m. :00a.m. I Sonoma 1U:40a.m,l 8:40 a.m.
and .-•-.-.. . ; -
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. i Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 1 6:22 p.m.
7 :ooa.m. 8:00 a.m. I 10:40a7n^10725a.m7
d:*p.m. o:00p.m. =toa9tcpoL | 7j35p. m .! 7:22^^
: Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs. _ Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter
A alley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's * Buck-
neirs, Sanhedrln Heights, : Hullville, Boonvllle,
Kg. Hot Springs, Mendocino City • Fort
Bragg, Westport. Usal.
-.• Saturday to Monday round-trfp ticket* at re-
duced rates. /
_ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. *""*"■ •
bundfng Ofnces - 650 Market street. Chronlota
A.W.FOSTER, t. v RYAN
. Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen Pass. Agt. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Comniencins September
. 13, 1397. - •.-■:
■ WEEK 'DAYS. ".
For Mill Valley and San iiafael-»7:25. •3:30.
11:30 a. m.; '1:45, 3:45, »5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. ml
E t , ra . trl , ps ' for San Rafael .on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS. :t: t "
For Mill Valley and San i Rafael— •8:00»10 aft.
•11:30 a. m. ; '1:15, 3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p 'm - •
Trains marked • run to San Quenttn "" ■
. .: THROUGH i TRAINS
.7:15 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tion*; l:*5 c p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; -8:00 a dl.
Sundays for Point Reves and way Btatioiu.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
WELCOMED
WITH LOUD
HALLEUJAHS
General Booth Will
Spend To-Day in
Oakland.
Mayor Thomas Greets the
Weil-Known Evan
gelist.
Greatly Grieved That His Son
Would Not Meet Him
Privately.
THE ARMY NOT ENGLISH.
In the Future the International Head
quarters May Be In New
York.
General Booth, the head of the Sal
vation Army in all countries, arrival
at Sixteenth street depot this evening
and was welcomed by Mayor Thomas
Catherine Booth.
and a !arge crowd of Salvationists,
- and soldiers.
The general was received in genuine
rmy style. Hats and hand
;e f s waved, while the air was ;
with shouts of "hallelujah" and
• islets The general" from the as- '
arrioTß.
•ith stepped into a car-
Tlae-- ■' ,v.,l by the Mayor, the gen
id: "Here we are, church and
Mayor Thomas then made the follow
■ marks:
rnajider Booth: As Mayor I come to
4 extend the welcome of this city to you
' ::ider and commander of an urgani- i
. semi-military in character, whose!
rag- Is now Hying in forty-five countries
b world. When you organized your
in at Mile End in 1865 you were
T wilding better than you knew. Hail some
; rnphet said to you that before one gen
eration had passed the results of that
ment would show an army of earn- !
est nit-n and women exceeding in number
tae standing army of the nation, battling
day and night for the betterment of their ,
-men and reaching and saving by :
Belt-sacrifice and love thousands
ttbenrtoe would have perished in sin,
f rsaken and forgotten, you would have
"Prophet, I hope for such results,
<ar you have overstated them.'
"i iur work was well begun, and the ehd
1s not yet. Those results exist. Oakland
mes you. and I greet you as the
' mmander of a great army— an army of
deeds, not creeds.
General Booth made the following
reply:
Mr. Mayor: I thank you for these kind
■W'~> r ,j Sj and I know my comrades do. It
is kind of you and of all this multitude
to come out here to-night to welcome me.
May God bless the Mayor. [Shouts of
'Amen!'] May God bless Oakland.
[More of them."] May God bless Call- '•
;. [Tremendous shouts.] May God ;
America.
It seemed that no more noise could be
made, but he repeated the last state- •
ment and called for a louder response. .
This was repeated, and he then closed
with a prayer for the backslider and
Binner present, the audience remain- '
ing perfectly silent.
The general, commander, his wifeand
secretary rode in one carriage and the
rest of the party in the other. Mayor
Thomas was in this carriage, and both
drove past his residence and the army
barracks on their way to the hotel. All
along the route uptown he was greeted
with applause.
"I am on a visit to my people," said
the general to a Call man to-night.
"This tour haß no special significance,
than to unite In stronger bonds
than ever all those who are marching
beneath the banner of the Salvation
Army. During my trip across this con
tinent I have been treated cordially
and have been received by all, till I be
gin to feel as if the labor of years has
not been altogether in vain. I am
anxious to see whether the first prin
ciples of the army are being faithfully
adhered to, and if the sole, object for
which the army was organized is being
carried out.
"The object of the Salvation Army is
to labor among the lowest classes of
society in all countries, and to try and
elevate them. It is an easy matter to
drift away from the slums to drawing
rooms and other comfortable places,
but the army's field is among tho
lowly, We began humbly, as all the
world knows, and we need to keep
humble. It takes me all my time keep
ing my people among the classes where
help and Christianity is most needed.
"A great deal of progress has been :
observed by me in the I'nited States '
since my visit here three years ago and j
the wnrk never looked more prosper- j
We are to-day more international ;
then ever and people seem to under- I
stand as never before that there is t
nothing more English about us than
thfre is American or German. We are |
everybody's and the international head- I
Quarters are in England for the pres- |
ent; because that is the most conven
ient place. By and by when this great
country becomes more densely popu
lated and Japan and China become
civilized, if not Christianized, New
York or Chicago or Washington may
be a more convenient headquarters
than London.
"We change about all the time and
T have never yet heard an officer of the
army boast of his individual nation
ality. Officers are drafted from one
country to another according to fitness, j
There are American officers in England
and English officers here, and the same
is true of officers speaking every lan
guage.
"The Volunteers? I do not wish to
reopen that subject. The details lead
ing up to the leaving of the army by
my son Ballington have been given to
the world and I have' no detente to
make. 1 met him in New York and we
conversed in the presence of others. I
did not meet my son alone — he declined i
to meet me. Ido not know his attitude j
and only God can understand the depth '
of anguish such an estrangement has
caused and is causing me. I do not
know what is the feeling among the
Volunteers and my son declined to tell
me. However, since I took the hand of
your President at Washington I have
seen that the feeling of loyalty in the j
Salvation Army to its principles is j
stronger than ever before,"
With (leneral Booth comes Com
mander Booth-Tucker, Colonel Edward
Higgins. chief secretary to Commander
Booth-Tucker; Commissioner Alexan
der Nicol of London, eilitor-in-chief of
International Publications; Colonel J.
Lawley, the singer and aide-de-camp
of General Booth, and Brigadier W.
Cox.
The programme for Sunday is as fol
low s:
Sunday Feb. 27. 7 a. m.— Monster
knee-drill led by Major Winchell in Sal.
vation Army Hall; 9:30 a. m., parade
from Salvation Army Hall, corner i
Twelfth and Washington streets, in
charge ofStaff-Captain Dunham; 10:30 j
a. in., general speaks in Macdonougb.
Theater, corner Fourteenth street and
Broadway; 2 p. m., parade from Sal- 1
ration Army Hall, in charge of Ma- ,
jor Winchell; 3 p. m., in the Macdon- i
ough Theater, the general "pads; 7:15 !
p. m., prayer meeting in theater led j
by Staff-Captain Reid; 8 p. m\. the gen- '
eral speaks -in the Macdonough Thea
ter on "Salvation." Both parades will
be headed by the Pacific Coast Guards 1
band, and all officers and soldiers not
detailed to special duties are expected
to take part. All the San Francisco
and bay officers and corps will be
united for the morning and afternoon
meetings in Oakland. '
The General in J862.
PHOTOGRAPH OF
AN OLD BULLET
Unique Application of Alonzo
Bradford for the Post
office.
A Sonvenir of Fort Donelson Was
Something New in Pe
titions.
Oakland Office San .Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Feb. 26.
The following paragraph shows what
William E. Curtis, Washington corre
spondent of the Chicago Record, thinks
of one of Alamede County's applicants
for office:
"The most unique application for of
fice that has been filed under this ad
ministration comes from Alonzo Brad
ford, who wishes to be postmaster at
HaywardH, Cal. Accompanying his ap
plication is a letter of recommendation,
signed by a large number of Repub
lican politicians and citizens of the
place, together with an X-ray photo
graph of his left knee. The photo
graph shows that a bullet entered his
knee at the joint, pushed up the knee
cap and lodged between the bones of
the upper and lower parts of the leg.
The bullet is still there, it being im
possible to dislodge it by probing, and
the only way in which it can be re
moved is by amputation of the leg.
Mr. Bradford stated that the bullet was
received at the battle of Fort Donel
son, and that he had carried it ever
since. Mr. Bradford was postmaster
under the Harrison administration." j
When Been at his house he said:
"Yes, I sent that picture on to show
them how I was fixed and that I still
carried one of Jeff Davis' bullets
around with me. I did not have the
photograph made at first with the idea
of sending it to Washington, however.
The ball has caused me considerable
trouble at times and I wanted to have
it extracted, if possible. So I went to
a doctor of San Francisco, who put my
knee under the X ray to locate the
ijullct.
"I sent the picture to Washington to
the Fostrnaster-tieneral on my third
of this month, together with three peti
tions containing a long list of names
of Haywards people. I also sent a
photograph to Congressman Hilborn
with a letter explaining the situation."
George Oakea already had the office
when this reached Washington, but it
opens up a new field for applicants for
Federal positions.
Attempt to Break Jail.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— Jailer Harn
merton of the City Prison believes that
he frustrated a wholesale jail delivery
yesterday morning. While making his
rounds he saw whitewash upon the
floor. Looking more closely he saw
that paper was sticking to the ceiling
of what is known as the new jail. It
is directly under Judge Allen's cham
bers and only separated by a pine
board floor. The prisoners had secured
a knife and cut the tongue out. They
had. rfplaced the board and covered it
up with paper stuck with soap. The
officers feel certain that they know the
ringleader, but Avfll pive out no names
at present.
League of the Cross Benefit.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— Company N,
League of the Cross Cadets, will be ten
dered a benefit concert by the Regimental
Band on Monday evening. The band con
sists of thirty-five pieces and will be as
sisted by Miss K. Black, Mrs. Kelly,
W. O'Brien, J. C. Hughes, George Beebe,
W. J. Hinrs, Miss McNally; a:so remarks
by Rev. T. McSweeney. It will take place
at St. Francis de Sales Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, IS9B.
WILL THE VETO
BE FINAL?
Water Rates May at Last
Be Fixed by the
Courts.
A Doubt as to the Value of
Councilman Henneberry's
Resolution.
Pressure Being Brought to Bear on
Woodward to Change His
Vote.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 26.
Indignation over the action of the
majority of the Council in fixing water
rates has given place to calm thoughts,
and now the people of this city are
busy collecting legal opinions regarding
the validity of a resolution and the
value of the Mayor's veto when at
tached to a water-rate ordinance.
A thorough study of the water rates
as fixed by the committee after proper
consideration and taking of testimony
and the rate as arbitrarily fixed by the
Henneberry schedule shows that ac
cording to the water companies' own
figures they will receive in the event of
the infamous job being eventually suc
cessful nearly twice the income they
received last year. One proprietor of
many blocks has figured up that the
income for the allied companies if they
have their way will for the year com
mencing July 1 be not less than $600,
000. The significance of this can be
understood when it is remembered that
the very highest income ever received
by the Contra Costa Company when it
owned the entire Council and had no
competitor was but $404,000.
Yet. in the face of this statement the
agents of the companies are still de
claring that Oakland should be gen
erous to them because it is a good thing
to keep them both in the field.
Mayor Thomas has stated in to-day's
Call that he will veto the ordinance
when it comes before him and there is
some doubt as to whether his veto will
be effective or not in killing the meas
ure. The consensus of opinion of sev
eral attorneys, including that of City
Attorney Dow, is expressed in the fol
lowing facts:
The State constitution provides for
the fixing of water rates by municipal
bodies, but makes no mention of the
authority of the Mayor in the premises.
It also provides that under proper con
ditions cities can frame charters for
their own government. In the charter
by which Oakland is governed to-day is
a section providing that all ordinances
must go to the Mayor for his approval
or rejection and that if he does not take
action on such ordinances within ten
days of their final passage they become
a law by reason of their passage by the
Council.
The water rate ordinance which will
come up for final passage next week
will be sent to the Mayor and he will
veto it. Not being able to secure the
necessary eight votes to pass the meas
ure over the veto the ordinance will be
killed. The agents of the water com
panies declare that in such an event
the Mayor's veto will be of no value
because the Council is authorized by
the State constitution to fix the rates.
This view of the matter is contro
verted by several attorneys. They de
clare that if it be optional with the
Council to fix the rates by resolution
or ordinance, that having taken the
ordinance method, the ordinance must
go through the proper form of pro
cedure as prescribed in the charter,
and if vetoed by the Mayor is a dead
letter.
Then the question arises that, the
ordinance having been disposed of, will
the resolution which has not yet been
rescinded and which was passed last
Monday night hold good? City Attor
ney Dow advised the Council before a
vote was taken that any attempt to fix
rates in such a method without taking
VERY LIKE AN ELOPEMENT.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2fi. — Society was surprised to-day to learn tnat one
of Oakland's belles had been married over a month, and that Miss Eveline
Remillard is Mrs. George F. Chevalier.
The Remillards move in the highest circles of local society, and Miss
Remillard is the only daughter. She has for several seasons been a prom
inent figure at social gatherings, and is one of the most brilliant of Oak
land's younger set. No cards were sent out and no mention of the mar
riage has been made, but the event was solemnized at the Church of Notre
Dame dcs Victoires in San Francisco early in January. The groom is Mr.
George Chevalier, a member of the firm of wholesale liquor dealers across
the bay, and is quite wealthy.
"Mr. Chevalier preferred a quiet wedding for business reasons," said
Mrs. Remillard to-day. "My daughter also favored a ceremony that would
be very quiet. There was no elopement about it or any great secrecy. It
was simply a quiet wedding. My husband and I were present and Mr.
Chevalier's immediate relatives. We had no objection to the marriage. In
fact, it was an arrangement highly satisfactory to both families. They had
been engaged for some time and the wedding was not surprisingly sud
den to any of üb. No cards were issued, but that wae due to the wishes
of my daughter and Mr. Chevalier, 1 '
any testimony and without any consid
, eration as required by law would be in
valid, and he also said he would not
defend the resolution if it should be
i taken into the courts. To-day he re
; peated that opinion.
It was stated to-day that the Mayor
had not the power to revoke the ap
! pointment of a Councilman after hay
: ing once made it. Although he ap
j pqinted a Police Judge and revoked the
i appointment the revocation simply
i changed the name of the Judge, making
: him a Justice of the Peace, but did not
: put him out of office or in any way
change his standing. In the matter of
i the Councilmen it is different. Having
i made the appointment "for the unex
pired term" the appointee has the same
powers as any other Councilman, and
can only be removed by the process of
law, namely, impeachment for mal
feasance in office. The Council meets
again next Monday night, but although
j the water rates will not come up, there
I will undoubtedly he a large crowd on
1 hand to give an ovation to the mem
bers who are ho grossly violating their
trusts by saddling an illegal steal upon
the city.
Throughout all the talk and argu
ment made by the agents of the water
I companies, not one of them has re
ferred to the fact that the rates as es
tablished by the committee provide a
clear" interest of 6 per cent on the in
vestment, and in addition allow J25.000
which the law does not demand in the
■ interest of the corporations.
Extraordinary pressure is being
1 brought on Councilman Woodward to
induce him to change his vote when the
ordinance comes back for final passage.
N«> one has much hope that such will
be the case, but there is of course a
1 chance that he may vote with the five
I who are mindful of their obligations.
HELD COURT IN PRISON.
John W. Lynn Attempts to Jump
Through the Court Room
Window.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— When brought
into the Police Court this morning
John \V. Lynn, who shot his wife five
times and then feigned iusanity for so
long, made a dive, to go through a win
dow of the, courtroom. The cracking
glass attracted the lobby, and three or
four men grabbed Lynn before he could
repeat his effort.
He seemed to possess superhuman
strength and fought like a demon,
throwing off the men and officers with
apparent ease. Clerk Hennessey
grabbed the man by the throat and
locked his arms behind him. The offi
cers then handcuffed the fellow, and he
was? led downstairs and locked in his
iron cell.
After the docket had been called
Judge Allen, Clerk Hennessey, Bailiff
Mitchell and other officers repaired to
the tank, where court was held, and
the case against Lynn continued until
March 12. Lynn was represented by
his attorney.
At the Theaters.
OAKLAND, l'eb. 26.— Mahara's Min
strels will come to the Oakland Theater
next week with a troupe of forty-five
people. Mahara's Minstrels are, without
doubt the largest colored organization In
existence to-day. Among the prominent
features are Billy Young, the famous
comedian and sweet singer; Le Roy
Bland, the phenomenal male soprano and
skirt dancei : Rube Kr»wn, buck and
swing dancer, and Master Hilliard
Brewer, the wonderfni boy contortionist.
The singing features are said to be extra
tine this season.
Next Thursday ami Friday Black Patti
and her full troupe will come to the Mac
donough.
Caught in the Act.
OAKLAND, F.b. 26.— L,ouie Miller
and Oscar Mason, two young men
about 23 and 24 years of age,
were arrested today after steal
ing a bicycle from the rack of the
Y. M. C. A. just as they were ready to
board a train for Sin Francisco. The
police had it thete-^or a decoy, as were
several others, all of which were
watched. The police believe that these
are the people liable for the numerous
thefts Recently reported.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— A secret indict
ment was returned by the Grand Jury
last evening about 6 o'clock. It is sup
posed to be for J. W. Harbourne of
Alameda for forgery. Bail is placed
at $5000.
A Broken Arm.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 26.— While working
on a scaffold this afternoon in a building
at the West End, doing some plastering
Joseph A. McOowan of Taylor avenue
fell to the floor and sustained a double
fracture of his right arm. His f..,,t
slipped in some way and he fell some dis
tance, coming down with full force on
the arm. The ulna and radius bones were
snapped and tin- wrißt was dislocated,
making a painful injury which will lay
him up for some time.
It is said that women criminals have
larger hands and feet than average wo
men.
CAN'T WEAR FULL DRESS.
NORMA L. CROWNER, Who Is Afraid That, Owing
to the Bite of a Dog on Her Left Arm,
She Will Not Be Able to Appear Decol
lete When She Grows Up.
Little 10-year-old Norma L. Crowner has been bitten by a ferocious bull
dog, the property of Horace L. A. Gerrish of Alameda, and from him she de
mands solace in the not unreasonable sum of $5000. While hydrophobia
threatens, Miss Crowner is farsighted enough to perceive that another ter
ror awaits her. The deep indentations made by the bulldog, as portrayed
in the photo taken a month after the operation, show that it will be impos
sible for Norma to blossom as a bud should when she grows up and
"comes out." The bud must wear low-necked waists and short cut sleeves,
and Norma's chances of making a hit are evidently sadly impaired by the
disfiguration, not to mention the shock theretofore appertaining. Therefore
the complaint, drawn up by Attorney F. Blandin of San Francisco, sagely
concludes:
"By reason of the bite Norma's left arm will be permanently scarred,
thereby rendering it impossible for her ever to appear in public in society
dress — all to her damuge in $5000."
THE STAR
COMING HOME
Latest Doings Among the
South Sea Isl
ands.
How the Missionaries Enjoyed
Christmas With the
Heathens.
A. P. Alexander Would Like to
Organize an Immense
Picnic.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 25.
Tens of thousands of members of the
Congregational churches and Sunday
school pupils who subscribed to the
South Sea mission work of the Morning
Star will read with interest the follow
ing letter from A. P. Alexander, who
sends island news to The Call when
ever opportunity offers. The latest
news has come from the Marshall Isl
ands by way of China:
MOLOWONLAP, Marshall Islands.
As another opportunity has presented
Itself for sending a letter to my homo
friends, I as usual have taken advantage
of it.
After sending my last letter on Novem
ber 19 we raised anchor and made for the
Archer, which had come up outside of the
reef and dropped anchor. We did not
reach her until Into in the afternoon. She
is the same size as the Morning Star, but
can make from eight to ton knots
an hour. The captain very kindly gave
us a cra'.e of onions which were greatly
appreciated by us after our many din
ners composed of canned vegetables. By
5 p. m. jw were off for Arno, which place
or lagoon w« did not reach until Monday
morning early. In trying to anchor at
this place wo broke our anchor, and had
to get out another which wo had on
board We remained at Arno Monday
and Tuesday, visiting the stations and
carrying workers to them from other sta
tions, while their workers wo took with
us for a short rest. From Arno we went
on to Mejuro, and here we had a fine an
chorage. We spent Thanksgiving at thiri
place, and had our Thanksgiving dinner
on board the Star, which consisted of
chicken soup, roast turkey, boiled onions,
mashed potatoes (canned), cranberry
sauce (canned), mince pie, nuts and cof
fee After dinner Captain and Mrs. Bray,
Miss Olin, Floyd Brock. Clarence Wickoff
and myself went in the long boat ovef
to the English (New Zealand) trading
station for a little visit. That night w-.
had a good downpour of rain and caught
plenty of water with which to wash.
The' next morning we left for the upper
station, which we reached shortly after
noon but owing to its location anchored
about three or four miles away, opposite
"Worths station. We saw Captain Worth
only for a few moments while he was
aboard the Star, but could see that he
was greatly changed. Monday morning
we took the schools on board and were
again under way. this time for Aur.
which we reached the next mprning at
10 45 As there was not much to do there
we raised anchor and reached this place
(Molowonlap)at 4 a. m., December 1. Here
we found a German schooner, and after
going aboard her and visiting with the
captain and officers returned to the Star,
where 1 am now writing to home friends.
I wish it were possible for me to give
all the children from the Sabbath schools,
both in Oakland and San Francisco, a
day's outing on at least one of these
little islands in the South Seas. It would
be a missionary object lesson they would
long remember. The Queer huts, many of
them hung with mats braided by the na
tives themselves; the odd-shaped canoes
darting over the water, perfectly man
aged by these native islanders, yet if we
were to attempt to take a ride in one
without their help we would probably
find ourselves in the water. I have taken
a number of pictures with my camera,
and hope to take home with me (im
prisoned In my camera) many of these
lovely scenes I have been so thoroughly
enjoying, so that the children may be
able to form some idea of the work on
these islands, even though they may not
be able to visit them for an "outing."
KUSAIE.
When I wrote my last letter, I really
thought it was my last chance of writ
ing home, but when I arrived in Kusaie
on our return trip. Captain Melander was
here with his trading schooner, just about
to sail for China, so I can send a line
by him.
After writing from the Marshall Islands
we went to a number of islands and then
back to Jaiuit, leaving there a week ago
to-day (Thursday) and reached here on
Saturday about 3 p. m.
The way we get our water is to take our
life boat (metal) and long boat (wood) up
the river and fill them full of water;
then tow them out to the ship and pump
the water out of them into the tanks.
To-morrow 1 t-xpect to go ashore in the
afternoon to siiend Christmas eve and
Christmas day ashore. The folks on
shore are planning to have Christmas
trees for the scholars, and also a good
time on Christmas day. In the morning
they will commence with a breakfast
about 8:30 or 9, followed by a grab-bag,
into which each one has placed some
small article. This will be followed with
games and other festivities, which will
consume the greater part of the day.
I am looking- forward to having a good
time, the only drawback being that 1 am
so many* miles from home and home
friends.
The many letters I took with me from
friends and scholars in the Sabbath
schools on both sides of the bay have
been a groat comfort to me. We watch
for the mail bag to be opened with great
interest. By the time this letter reaches
San Francisco the Star will be on its
homeward way, nearing Honolulu, and
each day lessening the distance between
us. ARTHUR P. ALEXANDER.
MALE SHOPLIFTERS.
Two Men Working the Stores of Ala
meda — Some Clothing Stolen.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 26.— A couple of men,
apparently from Oakland, have been
working the stores of Alameda recently
and taking advantage of the inattention
of the proprietors to help themselves to
things that attracted their fancy. On
Thursday they called at a clothing-store
on Park street, and while one of them
asked for some goods that required the
proprietor's presence in the back part of
the store the other presumably helped
himself to several pairs of trousers lying
in a pile in the front part. He must have
hidden them under his coat, for the pro
prietor noticed" nothing especially out of
the way until he began thinking the mat
ter over, and on making an investiga
tion found the trousers missing.
Two men answering the description of
this couple also visited the store of Julius
Brown, on Webster street, and attempted
to steal several pairs of trousers. Mr.
Brown was waiting on another customer
in the rear of the store, an 1 the thieves
coolly started to make up a pacKhg< of
the clothes. Mrs. Brown was in the rear
room, from which there is a peephole into
the store, and chahcing to look through
this, she saw the fellows in the very uct
of stealing the goods. She at once
alarmed her husband, who started after
a policeman; but the men ran down Web
ster street and escaped. Two fellows an
swering their description have been no
ticed on the Oakland cars coming this
way lately, and they are believed to be
the thieves.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 26.— Rev. Ross Taylor,
son of Bishop Taylor, will preach at the
Park-Street M. E. Church to-morrow.
The reception that was to have been
tendered to Bishop Taylor next week has
been postponed until March ft. .
The will of A. T. Robinson, the de
ceased capitalist, has been filed for pro
bate. He leaves his property to be equal
ly divided between his four children, sub
ject to the statutory provision to be made
for his widow.
Victor Hoffman of Encinal avenue has
been cited by Judge Ogden to show cause
why he should not be punished for con
tempt in neglecting to pay alimony to his
wife, as directed by the court, during the
pendency of divorce proceedings.
The Verein Germania will give an en
tertainment and dance at Harrnonie Hall
this evening.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Hanley gave a re
ception at their esidence last evening to
the class of '9S of the University Acad
emy.
A movement is on foot to greatly ex
tend the use of electric lights in this city.
It is expected that several of the princi
pay avenufs will be included.
CONIFEB FOR CALIFORNIA.
Will Be Exhaustively Experimented
Upon by the University
Agriculturists.
BERKELEY, Feb. 16. - The experi
mental division of the university agri
cultural di-partment has recently received
from the famous Kew Garden, near Lon
don, a quantity of seed of a new species
of a rare conifer which grows on the table
lands of South Africa. The new tree Is
the Widdringtonia \/hytei, and the seed,
which cannot be bought at nurseries, was
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzom's is a true,
bcautitier , whoee effecta are lasting. j
AUCTION SALES.
COLUMBIAN AUCTION HOUSE
Will sell by order of Jacob J. Gottlob Esq.,
; -: . At His 1 Residence,
' 863 BUSH ST., bet. Mason and Taylor.
,•/ "• -j- •'"■-■:. • ""- MONDAY. - '
MONDAY. . .■::. .. .. .'.". ...... - ■■■ '•■ ■ -Feb' 28, IS3B.
• At 11 o'clock a. m., '■>
All the Elepant Drawing Room. Parlor,
Library. Chamber and Dining Room Furniture,
Upright Grand Piano, Elegant Ornaments, Plc- ;
tnrea, Lace Curtains, etc., Koyal Wilton, Mo-
quet and Body Brussels Carp'e^p. Special atten-
tion of. the public is. called. to this sale. The
residence has been I furnished less than one
y«>ar, and all the Furniture and carpels were
purchased from Fredericks', Plums, Sloane s
and other first-class houses.
Don't fall to attend this sale.
Terms cash. Residence open' for 1 Inspection
early morning of sale.
. ; VINCENT. & G ALLICK. Auctioneers, !
1057 Market et.
obtained through the efforts of Instructor
J. Burn Davy of the botanical depart
ment of the university.
The seed will be experimented with at
the various experiment stations in the
State, and if the new tree, which some
what resembles a cedar, and produces a
valuable hardwood, adapts itself to Cali
fornia soil and climatic conditions tnu
tree will doubtless prove a valuable ad
dition to the forest trees of the State.
Seven or eight new species of eucalyp
tus have also been received by the depart
mem at Berkeley. They wore sent from
the ootanic gardens of Brisbane, Aus
tralia, and will be extensively experi
mented upon at — c various stations ot
the department.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 26.— The freshman
sonhomore Held day has been postponed
from March 5 to March 12. The sopho
more-dental baseball game, which com
pletes the interclass series, was to have
been played to-day, but had to be post
poned until the weather will permit.
Harry Johnson, Leon Martin and W. A.
Woods have been chosen to represent tha
Berkeley High School in its annual de
bate with the Oakland High School. J.
1,. Wilson was chosen as substitute.
Mrs. Jane Robbins, who has resided in
Berkeley for the past twenty-five years,
died this morning of cancer at the age of
75 years. The funeral will take place from
th*. residence, corner of Spruce and Vina
streets, North Berkeley, to-morrow af
ternoon at 2 o'clock.
Albert J. Brown has been appointed
tennis representative, by the executive
committee of the University Athletic As
sociation. He will have general super
vision over the university t< nnis.
The University rifle team to-day scored
357 points in a match shoot with Com
pany B, N. G. C, of Visalia. The shoot
at Visalia will take place to-morrow and
the result of the contest telegraphed to
Berkeley.
MRS. SLOAN'S
FATAL FALL
Both Collar Bones and Also
the Skull Frac
tured.
She Lost Her Balance and Fell
From a Third-Story
Window.
Mrs. Sloan, who resides at 416 O'Farrell
street, fell from the third-story window
of her house late last night and sus
tained injuries which will prove fatal.
At about 11:30 o'clock she left her room
and went into the bathroom, accidentally
locking the door behind her, with the key
inside. Not caring to arouse any of the
inmates it is presumed that she tried to
regain her room by crawling out of the
window, over an air shaft and into the
window of her room. In some way she
missed her hold and fell to the ground.
She was picked up unconscious and taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where it was
found that she had sustained fractures of
both clavicles and the base of the skull.
The doctors have no hope of her recovery.
The woman's husband Is employed on
the steamer Umatilla, which is hourly ex
pected into port.
The Calvarian Society.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan will
preach at the Lenten services to be held
in St. Mary's Cathedral this afternoon
by the Calvarian Society. This will be
the initial discourse of a series to be
given by the society during Lent on topics
of a religious character.
Charged With Burglary.
Edward Feron, a boy 18 years of age,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Policemen O'Meara and Orr on a
charge of burglary. He is accused of
breaking into a vacant house at 64 Te
hama street and stealing gas jets and
lead pipe, which he sold to a junk-dealer.
Left a Fortune.
Chief Lees has received a letter from
Grand Encampment. Wyo., asking for the
whereabouts of Kittie Edwards, sup
posed to be in this city. She has been
left a fortune by a relative. Before com
ing to this city she lived in Cripple
Creek.
ARMY AND NAVY UNION.
California Garrison No. 101 at its last
held meeting adopted resolutions of sym
pathy for the victims of the Maine dis
aster, and as a token of sympathy or
dered its charter draped for a period of
thirty days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
.-" ; .- t'-g2:.J:.v\ - : ; ■ ■•.-■.-■"■''
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost .
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
: TO ALL WHO WRITE.
: Free samples of a most, remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, [ Ind. 3lt
cured so many men who had battled for
years ; against: the mental and i physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute - has 1 decided to distribute free trial
packages to all "who write. ■ It is a home
treatment and all men • who suffer with
any ; form of sexual .weakness .resulting
from ;: youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, .varico-.
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. ' ■ '• ..'•:'■': : T -
The. remedy has a . peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act. direct •
to the desired ■„ location' giving strength'
and development just where it is needed.
It : cures : all the ills and .troubles- that"
come from years of. misuse of the natural
functions and has been; an absolute suc-
cess in "all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute,' 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire: one of their free 1 trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great • c!as9
of men who are unable to leave home: to
be -treated and the free sample en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured,. of sexual ..weakness ■ when the !
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes ; will be t, sent - : a - free - sample,
carefully sealed > in . a plain package so
that its recipient 1 need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. - Reader* ar«
requested ito write ; without delay. .. v * z
0^ Chlofcenter'a Englifth DlanonJ Brand.
PCfelohet :«•>•' .1 English DlamoaJ Brul
ENNYROYAL PILLS
w -<S»~^v '-^ Orifftoul and Only Genuine '• • A ;
■ J"jt^£?\' »atz. »lwi»3r» : r«UaUc. s' L*oiCB uk dCX
rJn \TtiK Drngslsl for' dickotcrt Sngli-ih.DU-£j[\\
USijffUfß^mriniT Bra:, i In Xi: 1 wJ <<■ '.d rac;»:ilo\^ii/
Vk -Owßboxcs, s<-*led with bint ribbon. - Take V*'
I*l 9^ GHIIO Other. Refutt mmi <uA.ifi.ii- V - ■
:I/' T ffftiontand imitations. a: D.--jfjl*i«, ariadie.
I f ~ 'lir ' c '»t»mp» for' particular j, tooUmootilc and
';%•* -;:-O '"Relief for Lodleil""' in Ittttr. by rfttam ■
— V ■-"'' ? tr- ' Mall. «• 10,000 Te«lmccUlf. iron.- .'aprr.
. i.^""^ / Cklohe»to«- Ch«mlc»»l Co. , M nil <\ laercw '
•' #U tar «11 Local Diajstoti-- -, = . I'lllLU A.,
1516
TOWNE'S PLEA
FOR SILVER
The Eloquent Minne
sotan Addresses a
Crowded House.
He Learned to Revere
Lincoln, but He Cannot
Tolerate Hanna.
Says Goldbugs Prevented Rec
ognition of Cuban
Patriots.
FEELS SURE OF VICTORY.
Firmly Announces That Silver Forces
Ara Certain to Win Their
Battles.
Ex-Congressman Charles A. Towne
of Minnesota spoke to a large and en
thusiastic audience at Metropolitan
Temple last night, his theme being the
silver campaign and its purposes.
Mr. Towne is a man of far more than
average ability as an orator. His man
ner is largely that of a well-trained
actor, his voice has great compass and
power, and his conclusions are an
nounced with firmness and dignity.
Though his speech lasted for more
than two hours, few people left the
house, and he was interrupted by fre
quent bursts of applause.
"This sliver campaign has only just
begun," was the way he opened. This
statement at once showed that he was
a fighter, for he followed the asser
tion with the declaration that Bryan
had really come out of the campaign
triumphant and that the defeated
members of the great silver party,
nearly 7,000,000 in number, had the air
of victors rather than of men who had
lost a cause. They were beginning
again, he said, to fight for human free
dom.
The speaker held that the great
trouble with MeKinley is that he is a
goldbug. "He appointed a goldbug for
his Secretary of the Treasury," said
the speaker, "then recommended to
Congress the plans of the Gold Demo
crats of Indianapolis. Does this look
like bimetallism? In fact, there is
nothing in all the conduct of the Re
publican party to remind one of its
glorious past. I learned to revere Lin
coln and they now give me a Mark
Hanna as a model. This degeneration
shows the extent of the degeneration
of the party. I am getting along all
right and I have lost no sleep because
I was defeated for Congress, for I ex
pect yet to be one of the great throng
that will help to escort to the White
H<>use the greatest Democrat the
country has produced since Abraham
Lincoln. I can well call Lincoln a
Democrat and Bryan a Republican, for
both were, like Washington and Jef
ferson, men who had faith in the peo
ple and whose doctrines are consist
ent with the ideas of a government of
thp people, for the people and by the
people."
A large part of the arguments of the
?vening were the well-known assump
:irms of the silver men that the appre
ciation of gold is steadily making a
race of slaves of all who are not the
owners of bonds.
A striking part of the address was
that wherein the speaker narrated his
experiences as a member of Congress
at the time the Cuban question was
before the House. He held that there
was a time two years ago when the
rr.untry could have done a great deal
to settle the question consistently with
peace and honor, but the gold power
that owns the bonds interfered, as in
th«> case of the Turks and Armenians,
and prevented the recognition of the
belligerents.
"I do not hesitate to say," stated the
orator, "that some sort of a deal is now
on. as reported by the newspapers,
whereby Mark Hanna is negotiating
for peace in some way that will be
agreeable to the owners of Cuban
, bonds. It 1s said that the bonds are to
be indorsed by the United States Gov
ernment."
It was then attempted to show that
there is every reason to believe that
the steady depreciation of the products
of human industry, by reason of the
gold standard, will reach a point that
the people will not endure. He said it
was, according to great economists, not
a question of gold or silver, but merely
a' • question- of how much the people
would suffer from the inequalities of
the. old standard before they would re
volt. •
At the conclusion of the address there
waa prolonged applause and much
cheering. The Democratic Central
Clute attended as a body, dressed in
white ducking.
DESPOILED WITH A
GUN AT HIS HEAD
•;rrving Marshal Held Up and
Robbed on Stockton
Street.
Two Men With Masks Go Through
. . Him in Regulation Bandit
" o Fashion.
Irving Marshal, the Janitor at the Bald-
Kir) Th«-atfr. had an adventure with two
•„ . a • ADVERTISEMENTS.
Plmplp*, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
mothy skin, itching, scaly sculp, dry, thin, and
falling hair, and baby blemishes prevented by
CrTirußA Soap, the most effective skin purify-
ing and beautifying soap in the world, as well aa
. purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(pticura
In wM ltiroartoTi- th« wnrld. Potter V. * 0. Conr.. Sole
Prop.., Ro»tou. 03* ■■ How to Be»ui l! j the Skin, ■ free. . •
BLOOD HUMORS coticuea. seuedies.
highwaymen last Friday night that cost
him some money, a watch and chain, dia
mond locket and a silver matchbox.
Mr. Marshal left the theater on Fri
day night and started up Stockton street
toward Pine. When he arrived at the
stone wall surrounding the old Buckley
place, between gutter and Bush streets,
two men suddenly stepped out from the
shadows and one, presenting a pistol at
his head, commanded him to throw up
his hands.
Marshal obeyed, and the fellow's com
panion, who was armed with a black
jack, went through him, taking a purse
containing^ a small sum of money and
the other above-mentioned articles.
The matter was reported to the police.
BURGLARS ARE BUSY.
The Police Are Able to Make Several
Arrests.
Thomas Btanton and Thomas Roach,
two boys, broke into the grocery of L.
W. Schneider, Twenty-sixth and Valencia
streets, about 2 o'clock on Friday morn
rng. Mrs. Schneider heard them and be
gan to scream. They rushed out of the
place into the arms of Policemen King
and Young, who arrested them on a
charge of burglary.
Knutt Frass was discovered at an early
hour yesterday morning by Policeman
Feld trying t,o force open the lock on the
door of W. A. Weldon's carpet-beating
.establishment. 2400 Geary street, with a I
knife. He was sent to the City Prison j
and booked on a charge of attempt?!
burglary. He acted so queerly in ihe
prison that he was sent before the In
sanity Commissioners by Judge Joachim -
Ben, and they tit-flared that he was per
fectly sane. }lo was returned to the
prison.
Four "water rats," Orezzi Salvini. 17 j
year^ of age; Fred Brown, 18; John Leoni,
12; and Louis Delreovy, 12. were arrested
early yesterday, morning by Policeman
Kills, and charjres of burglary were
booked against Salvini and Brown, and
the two others were booked for a public
institution. Since Sunday night they
twice broke into the Sonoma Packing 1 I
Company's warehouse at 1240 Battery
street, stole a lot of stuff an-1 destroyed I
a considerable quantity more. They also i
broke into a butcher-shop at Sansome
and Vallejo strec-ts. Salvini is the leader
of the gang, and has been twice arrested
for robbery.
THEY WERE AFTER
GROOM'S SCALP
Ryan and Green Claim That
National Clubmen Have
"Welched."
Money Said to Have Been Brought
Back at the Point of a Revolver.
Everybody Talking, i
If the words of an eyewitness are to
be taken as true and there seems no
legitimate reason to doubt them,
"Fight Promoter Groom of the Na
tional Club had a very close call yester
day when he came to settle up finan
ces with Ryan and Green, the welter
weights who put up so game a battle
at Woodward's Pavilion the night be
fore. In fact, it is claimed that as a re- j
i
suit of the wrangling and an attempt of
Groom to evade paymerjt he was made
to come to terms at a revolver's muz
zle.
It seems that the articles of agree
ment provided that the two men
should have 60 per cent of the gross
gate receipts, but should be guaran
teed the sum of 54000. The receipts
were said to figure only $4800, and the
two men demanded the $4000 instead of
60 per cent of this sum when they
went into Groom's hat store in com
pany with Al Smith, Ryan's mana
ger.
A hot wrangle ensued, according to
the tale told by George Harting, the
club's timekeeper at the fight, and one
of the fighters grabbed up a sackful
of silver, whereupon Groom laid hold of
a sack of gold coin and started for the
door, but was forced to return at the
revolver's point. It is further stated
that the men were finally forced to take
the 60 per cent.
Smith denies that revolvers w^re
drawn, but admits that there was a
good deal of trouble over the money
question. He adds that Ryan is will
ing to fight Green again under the aus
pices of the Empire Club, but will never
again let the National Club men have
charge of a fight in which he engages.
Groom admits also that there was a
war of words, but asserts that the $4000
was only a paper agreement, and that
it was understood by both men that 60
per cent of the gross gate receipts were
to go in any case.
"I heard there were some wild stories
going round about Ryan and myself
having trouble with Groom and Gibbs,"
said Green last night, "but there is no
truth In them. There was no attempt
on Groom's part to leave the store with
a bag of money, nor were there any
pistols drawn.
"I simply went to the store to get
what was due me as a participant in
the fight and while there met Ryan.
Groom stated to us that owing to the
smallness of the house he could not
live up to his original agreement with
out loss to himself and partner. He
therefore offered us 60 per cent of
$4800, the amount realized. We ob
jected to his going back on his con
tract and told him so. Arguments
were of no avail, however, and seeing
we could do no better, we took the per
centage, amounting to a little over
$2800, eacb taking $1400.
"1 am a friend of both Groom and
Gibbs, and dislike to talk about the
matter, but as long as you are familiar
with the details I do so. I think that
they should have stood by their agree
ment, even though they did not realize
a large sum. Had they done so they
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
would • have made a name among the
fraternity and gained the confidence
of the people. I took the amount of
fered, as that was all there was in
sight. I do not intend to take legal
steps, as the law gives us no redress."
Smith denies that Ryan will ever
fight Walcott. as the welter-weight
draws the color line. T t is admitted by
all local sports, count out or not, that
Green was a beaten man.
FIREMEN SACRIFICE
THEIR LIVES TO DUTY.
An Explosion During a Conflagra
tion Causes the Death of
Six Men.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., Feb. 27.— Fire
broke out in Hall Bros.' laboratory at
10 o'clock to-night. While the firemen
were trying to extinguish the flames
in the second story, a. terrific explo
sion took place, blowing up the entire
side of the building. The first explo
sion was followed by two others. Fire
men on the ladders were hurled in
every direction by the fearful concus
sion. The flames shot high into the
air, and it looked for a moment as
though there would be an awful con
flagration. The crowd was dazed by
the explosion. Horses were thrown
down and windows in the vicinity shat
tered.
The work of rescue began at once
and the building was left to its doom.
Intense excitement prevailed until
1 a. m.
The dead are:
P. H. M'HUGH, fireman.
JAMES QUIGLEY, fireman.
Ex-Congressman Chart: s A. Towns and Sorre of Tho:e Who
Heard Kirn Plead for Silver at Metropolitan Temple
Last Night.
GEORGE HOLLIDAY. fireman.
CHARLES WHITING, fireman.
JOHN HASTINGS, drayman.
WILLIAM WAGER, fireman.
The injured are: L. L. Hollo way.
druggist, both leps broken and back
broken, injured internal'y, will die; Al
bert Labon, concussion of the brain;
John McAllister, legs' broken; Eugene
Dole, injured about .he head. Several
others, whose names cannot be obtained
at this hc-ur, were injured.
DR. SANARELLI CURES
YELLOW FEVER PATIENTS.
Copyrighted. ISSS, by James Gordon Beniiett.
BUENOS AYRES, Feb. 26.— 1 am ad
vised by the Herald's correspondent in
Rio Janeiro, Brazil, that Dr. Sanarelli has
effected six cures out of ten yellow fever
cases which were considered fatal by lo
cal physicians. Dr. Sanarelli has for
some months past been experimenting
with his new cure on yellow fever pa
tients in Sao Paulo, where there is an
epidemic of the disease.
NAPLES— Arrive! Feb 2<i-Stmr California,
from Now York.
QUEEN STOWX— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Etru
rla, from New York.
ST MICHAELS— mailed Feb 26— Stmr Penln
su.at, for Mew York.
RAG TIME HOGAN
WAS ROBBED
Black Patti's Leading Man
Lost His Dia
mond.
Prize Fighter Tom Lansing and
His Friend Arrested on
Suspicion-
Rigid Search Failed to Reveal the
Whereabouts of the Lost
Gem.
Ernest Hogan, author of "All Coons
: Look Alike to Me," lost a $750 diamond
solitaire stud yesterday at the matinee
jof the Black Patti Company at the
: California Theater. He values the pin
highly, because he says he paid the
; price named to the widow of W. J.
Scanlan, the Irish comedian, when he
bought from her $15,000 worth of the
jewelry of the dead actor.
Hogan's story is that, while he was
waiting to go on the stage for the mat
inee at. the California Theater yester
day he was visited in his dressing room
by Sandy Sanborn, a friend of his, and
Tom Lansing, a prize fighter from Ken
tucky. There was present at the time
a colored man named Thomas Trice,
who sat on a trunk at the end of thp
room. Sanborn cam*' with his friend
for the purpose of hearing the Black
Patti and his friend Hogan sing and
went to Hogan's room, in order to get
seats for the performance. Hogan went
out to do his turn, and in the interim
had some one sh<r\v his visitors some
unoccupied seats in the dress circle.
When he came back he found that the |
diamond stud which he had left in the
bosom of his shirt hanging on a hook
was missing.
He at once raised an outcry in rag
time, and Police Officer Thomas R.
Flinn of the California Street Station j
responded. Hogan pointed out Lansing j
and Sanborn in the dress circle. Flinn j
called upon them to throw up their j
hands, and they complied. Then the i
officer searched the seats and the vicin- !
ity, after having first satisfied himself
that the diamond was not on the per- I
sons of the suspects. He then took the I
men to the California Street Station, ;
where they were obliged to strip and
submit to a more rigorous search in the \
presence of Lieutenant Esola. Nothing
but $1 50 in silver coin and a few love !
letters were found on the men. and the !
police generously refrained from perus- i
ing the letters.
The men's names were placed upon j
the small book, and they will be de
tained pending further investigation. I
When Hogan came into the station he ;
was confronted by Lansing:
"You're a nice fellow," remarked
Lansing, with a sneer.
"What's the matter?" Inquired Ho
gan, in evident trepidation.
"Why didn't you arrest the coon '
that was in the room when you went
nut?"
Mr. Hogan rolled his eyes for awliile,
and then replied: "He was searched."
Then he retired to another part of the
st^t|on and sat down near an officer.
"I've been here only a few months,"
remarked Lansing to a Call reporter,
"and I have put two men on my prize
ring record. If I ever meet that coon
in a dark alley he'll be the third man
on my record of knockouts."
After this episode Hogan was visibly
nervous. "I don't charge nobody," he
said. "All I want is to get my pin
back."
Hogan leaves the city to-day for the
southern part of the State, and he ex
pressed his regret that he could nat
stay to prosecute the case. When asked
why he did not procure the arrest of
Tom Trice, he replied that Trice was
an old-time friend of his; that he had
intrusted hundreds of dollars to Trice,
and had never found him unfaithful.
The men were released late last night,
as the evidence did not seem sufficient
to warrant their being held.
BAYS FOR A
BELOVED BARD
Dr. Friedrich K. Castelhun
Agreeably Surprised by
His Friends.
De Frieclrich Karl Castelhun, whose
seventieth birthday was so enthusiastic
ally celebrated last night by a large num
ber of German-American citizens in the
hall of the Sehlaraffia Club, 411 Bush
street, was born February 27, 1828, in
Nordheim, near the ancient city of
Worms on the Rhine, Germany. At the
age of IS he graduated from the Gym
nasium of Benshcim, where he received a
thorough classical education, and in 1847
came with his parents to the United
States. Here young Castelhun took up
the study of medicine and completed af
terward his medical education at the Uni
versities of Wurzburg, Vienna, Prague
and Berlin. After his return to America
ho settled in St. Louis, Mo., and became
soon a prominent physician. In 1575-76 he
lived in San Francisco, but returned to
St. Louis. In 18.55 he came again to San
Francisco and has ever since lived here.
Dr. Castelhun is one of the foremost
German-American poets of the United
States, and his poems appeared last year
in their second edition. There is much of
the grace, clearness and power of Schil
ler and Goethe in his verses, and to read
his splendid hexameters means to admire
them. Professor M. D. Learned, at the
head of the department of Germanic lan
guages in the University of Pennsylvania,
recently wrote of the distichs of Dr. Cas
telhun: "What makes them particularly
agreeable to my ear is the admirable co
incidence of rhetoric and metrical pause
at the caesura. I have been reading and
comparing some of Castelhun's distichs
with classical German examples and I
must bestow upon him the laurel."
Dr. Castelhun is essentially a politica.l
poet, or knight valiant in the service or'
religious, political and social liberties.
His poems are full of the best features of
the German character, the proverbial
honesty, the sincerity and reliability of
character, the deep love for the family,
the home, the old and the new country.
However, many of his choicest produc
tions could never be published in the
Fatherland, they being altogether too
democratic to suit those in power, ami
for this reason the collection of poems, a
handsome volume of 260 pages, had to be
printed in Switzerland.
The committee in charge of the ban
quet consisted of Professor Ad. Horbst,
president; Professor Julius Goebel of
Palo Alto; M. Greenblatt, editor of the
Daily German Demokrat; Dr. A. Wil
helm. E. C. Priber, Dr. Schulz and Pro
lessor W. Zimmermann.
During the evening a beautiful album,
with his picture, was distributed as a
souvenir among the guests, containing
original contributions of Messrs. Goebel,
Herbst.Greenblatt, Glauch, Priber, Bund
schu and others. Among the official
toasts were the following: Address of wr.i
come. Professor A. lierbst; "Castelhun
and German Poetry," Professor Goebel
"Dr. Castelhun, the Patriot of Two
Worlds," W. Zimmermann; "Dr. Castel
hun and the German-American Press,"
M. Greenblatt; "Castelhun, the Physi
cian," Drs. Wilhelm and Behr; "Dr. Cas
telhun and His Relations to the German-
Amiricans," Dr. May Magnus; "Dr. Cas
telhun of St. Louis." E. C. Priber- "Dr
Castelhun and His Family," Chris Bund
schu.
A brother of the doctor, Fritz J., and
his oldest son, F. K. Castelhun Jr., are
well-known lawyers of this city; a sister,
Miss Mary Castelhun, has been for over
twenty-live years principal of the Hum
boldt Primary School,, and the two
daughters of the septuagenarian are both
graduates of our State University.
THE OLD FRIENDS.
Last "Wednesday night the recently
elected officers of the Society of Old
Friends were installed by ex-President
Robert Ferral. after which Dr. P. F.
Lord, the retiring president, was pre
sented with a gold badge on behalf of
the society. the evening there
was read a letter from President llc-
Kinley, acknowledging his election as an
honorary member of the society. Judge
Campbell, the new president, presided at
a. high jinks that furnished entertainment
for the many who crowded the hall.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George, at its last held meeting adopted
resolutions expressive of their "deep and
heartfelt sympathy for the mothers,
widows and relatives of the brave men
who recently lost their lives on the
Maine."
It has be?n decided to give the old Eng
lish tea party under the auspices of this
order in St. George's Hall on the 24th of
March.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2f Clothing and Woolen 'Blank- flu
® f/i made by Brown 'Bros. Sr^a
Jg Co. arethe^bestonlheKlon^L
jW -dike. Every one wants «fo ißi
B knozj bom and where we got gm
oH •■Ji ■ ' It 1 1 1 >'.-J ; li?j Bz "J, • junß s
1 121-123 'sarfsoiht Stl
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BLACK DRESS
FABRICS.
We take pleasure in an-
nouncing the arrival of an
elegant stock of Foreign
Black Dress Goods for Spring
and Summer wear.
SPECIAL. •
One case (30 pieces) 52-INCH
GENUINE BLACK CHEVIOT SERGE, -
75c Yard.
SPECIAL.
One case (30 pieces) 52-INCH %
BLACK ENGLISH DIAGONAL,
75c Yard.
SPECIAL.
One case (18 pieces) 52-INCH
GENUINE BLACK TWINE CLOTH,
75c Yard.
SPECIAL.
One case (24 pieces) 52-INCH
BLACK ENGLISH SERGE,
75c Yard.
NOTE.
Our patrons residing In the Interior are urged to write -
for samples of the above Four Special Lines of Black
' Dress Goods at once, as they are undoubtedly the best
values we have ever offered.
TELEPHONE GRAN^ 134.
111, 113. 115.: 117, 119. 121 POST STREET. n :
PEOPLE
OF
. S. F\ -:
Our stores are rented and "
we wind up business in two \
. weeks.
We will not resume in any -
- other location, nor will our '-
■ firm be succeeded by any
other firm.
To -Morrow;
■11 O'CLOCK,:
And daily for Two Weeks «<
V ONLY— from 1! to 5, ' ■
| FINAL 1
: RETAIL
\ AUCTION
: SALE.
; Of Dinner Sets, Lamps, Beauti-
ful Chinaware, Ornaments,
Glassware, etc.
WE MEAN Business !:
Are you alive to this -
great opportunity ?.;
cook co.
123 KEARNY ST. . .'
" 4
! apiece i^ir •
'MAHOGANY |B|L ;
! SILK UPHOLSTERED ffejO!
► PARLOR SET. ' WfFl 1
Cash or '.Little-tt-tbe- . / I' *<
> 'i ■ ; i ■■;■ ■*: Time Payments. ' ■ -• If ' '' '-^
I J. NOONAN, i
> : 1017 to 1023 MISSION ' STREET, i
, 516 to 532 MINNA STREET, i
> Above Sixth. •^•vA <
( Phone South 14. Open Evenings. *
AT AUCTION
BY
SPECIAL SALE,
BY ORDER PROBATE COURT,
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1808,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Salesrooms, 626 Market St.
Property of Estate of W. B. Dolan.
A GRAND INVESTMENT.
N. W. cor. Polk and Grove sts.— Stores and
flats: rental value, $525 per month; within 2
blocks of Market st. and 1 block of City Hall;
size of lot, 137V4 feet on Polk st. by 170 feet on
Grove St.
This property has a grand future.
Property of Estate of E. L. Moxley.
Van Ness-Aye. corner, fronting on thre«
streets —
VAN NESS AYE.,
McAllister st., and
LOCUST AYE.
Improvements consist of two solidly built
houses, renting at a low rental of $127 50 per
month.
The adjoining building: is on frround rent at
$20 per month; size of lot. 120x109.
ALSO
Block No. 6? of University Mound Survey,
bounded by Silver a%e., Sllliman, College and
University sts.
For terms and conditions of sale appVy to
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market St.. Opposite Palace Hot**THE CALL Sunday Edition
REVOLUTION IN THE AIR: SAN SALVADOR READY FOR IT
"/ expect an uprising at any moment, but when they strike they will find me well prepared, for I will not
submit to being forcibly ejected!'
REVOLUTION is smoldering
• jf*\ in Salvador, ready to break
■ ' .a ' \ into sudden flame. So gui
"• ff J etly an( * secretly are both
•■."•j^^g sides preparing for the out
.'. hT I break that the foreign press
' m' : is not even cognizant of the
: ■■'.''. . fact that trouble is imminent.
:.:".'.•- • .'■• A professional revolutionist
■'.■.■• '• -is in this city purchasing am
.'■-■"' . • ' munition for the revolution
ists; -Everybody is not aware that
there are "professional revolutionists."
Lilt is with no slight degree of doubt
that. I sought the man engaged in this
■ strange business, although I had been
foretold -of him and his trade by one
of the most prominent members of the
local S.ilvadoran colony.
-I found him short and stout, with
swarthy skin and hair in odd contrast
to. his twinkling blue eyes; just the
sort •of man 'one would label "doctor,
lawyer, merchant," but never "chief."
Or revolutionist. He greeted me in broken
Hispanio-Araericanus that gave token
.of. a New England ancestor. "It is
from my Yankee grandmother that I
get my • business instincts," he ex
plained, later, on.
I had not counted business interests
lial in the make-up of a profes
sional revolutionist, but then nearly
• ihing he said upset my precon
iceived notions of a "revolutionist."
k 'Revolution?" tie began, when ques
tioned. "My dear senorita, I assure
you as an honorable gentleman that as
far as I know there is not the slightest
clar.L'fer of n revolution In my country."
Then why," I said, struggling to
hlue all I knew about his secret mis-
Bion, "should President Gutierrez write
this statement?" And I proceeded to
read bJm an extract from the letter.
"Ah, I see you are well Informed, so
I will not deny that there may be a
revolution."
The fact that he had given his word
to the contrary but a moment before
did not seem to trouble him in the
slightest.
"And you are here," I continued,
Slowly, so as to fully enjoy his look of
Burprise, "to purchase ammunition for
the revolutionists?"
I!*- <lir] not look a bit surprised, hut
he stared at me in point blank anger.
J got frightened. But before I could
carry <>ut my resolution to run for the
door the bland senor recovered himself,
ami suavely assured me that he was
hero for his health. "But," he add^d.
with an ahom, "I have heard that there
is a gentleman here on .such a business
as you are pleased to mention."
"And this gentleman when he has
purchased thp ammunition will he go
back to fight in the revolution?" I
queried.
"He will go back to Salvador as
suredly, but he will not take an ac
tive part in the revolution."
"1 should think if he were heart and
soul in the cause he would wish to
fight."
"My dear s^norita, his duty is to at
tend to the business part of the affair.
Besides h<- might get killed, and that
would prevent his being of any use i n
the next revolution. Of course he Is
always taking great risks because if
the other side once get suspicious of
his real business they would kill him.
They would what you call assassinate
him."
"What are his reasons for allying
himself with the revolutionists?"
"It's a matter of business. A mer
chant sells his goods to the highest
bidder. This man manages the busi
ness details of a revolution for the side
that pays him best."
"How long has he been in this busi
ness?"
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
EXTRACT FROM *A RECENT LETTER WRITTEN "BY PRESIDENT GUTIERREZ.
FROM PRESIDENT GUITERREZ' LETTER
ON THE APPROACHING REVOLUTION.
* * * I am prepared in case of
revolution, and I will make an exam
ple of those who disturb public order.
Meanwhile they are heaping upon
my head daily all manner of insults
through the local press, headed here
by the students. I shall take strenu
ous measures to suppress these scan
dals.
Even if a revolution does not break
out, I fear that the Presidential elec
tion will take alarming proportions.
I am fully determined to be neutral
in the election — that is to say, I shall
not lean toward any candidate.
No personal sacrifice will deter me
from maintaining public order during
the election.
"SANTA MARIA! WHAT SORT Of A MAN IS THIS PRESIDENT? OUT WITH HIM!" THEY
SHOUTED. EVEN WHILE THEY SHOUTED THE SOLDIERS AND POLICE BEGAN TO
CHARGE THE MOB.
"Oh, he has looked after half a dozen
affair?, some bier and some of no con
sequence."
"All in Salvador?"
"No. This will be the first one in
Salvador. It would not do to conduct
tho business for one country alone. He
would become known quickly and BO
be killed, what you call assassinated."
"And where were the other revolu
tions he was engaged in?"
"Oh, Guatemala and the other coun
tries down there."
"Then you— l mean this revolutionary
agent—has no personal feelings in the
However, I fear they will not wait
for the election, but use force of arms
to shorten my term.
Notwithstanding that my enemies
are convinced that I do not crave for
power, th&t I do not seek re-election
and that I uphold and always shall up
hold the principle of rotation in office,
yet the office-seekers and boodlers
are so anxious that they cannot wait
until my term naturally expires.
For this reason I expect an uprising
at any moment, but when they strike
they will find me fully prepared, for 1
will not submit to being forcefully
ejected.
Right and justice are on my side
and they had best beware. * * *
matter? He is not personally opposed
to President Gutierrez?"
"Gutierrez! He is a fool, because he
has r.o business sense. But he is a
po.id fighter. He is too honest for those
people down there. No, this agent I
speak to you of is not opposed to Gu
tierrez personally. Only, you see, the
revolution gives him a chance to make
some business for himself. It pays;
you understand."
"Who hired this man to come up here
and buy ammunition?"
The senor smiled with an air that
spoke plainer than words: "What a
gudgeon she must think me!" Aloud
he simply said, "How should I know?"
"Oh," I replied, innocently, "I thought
you might have a faint idea. Of course,
you couldn't know positively."
"Well, there are men who want to
take Gutierrez's place in the chair of
the President, and. perhaps, one of
them hired him. Most likely the man
who will head the revolution."
Then he went on to tell me that the
students were playing the principal
roles In stirring up the revolution.
They did not realize that Gutierrez
was not responsible for the condition
of affairs. They are young and hot
blooded and anxious to have their
first chance in a revolution.
General Gutierrez should thoroughly
understand how to cope with the new
revolutionists, for he was leader of
the lnst revolutionary party that suc
ceeded in overthrowing President
Ezeta.
Although the presidents of the Central
American republics are supposed to
be elected every four years by popular
vote, the srrial! matter of law is over
looked and the President retains the
office as long as he sees fit or until
some other man is strong enough' to
oust him. The important question is
then settled by a revolution, the leader
of the winning side taking the Presi
dency and thus saving the people the
trouble of casting votes.
General Gutierrez, it is believed, was
influenced purely by patriotic motives
when he headed the revolution against
the Ezetas. It is said they had been
using, or rather misusing, their power
toward private ends, making conces
sions in return for financial considera
tions, etc.
A band of forty men met one night In
Santa Anna, elected Rafael Antonio
Gutierrez leader, gathered a thousand
recruits, and Ftormed the Government
stronghold. The Ezetas had heard mut
terlngs of the coming storm, had pre
pared themselves, and had forced into
their army twenty thousand recruits.
These men were duly armed and or
dered to Santa Anna. It looked as
though General Gutierrez would be
powerless to match his little band
against such apparently formidable
odds.
But it is one thing to lead a horse to
■water and another thing to make him
drink. Of the 20,000 Government re
cruits ordered to Santa Anna not 500
obeyed. The men took their arms and
drifted off to their various homes.
General Gutierrez and his followers
easily captured the fort, took posses
sion of the ammunition and made
short, work of all opposition.
When the Ezetas were ousted It was
naturally supposed that Gutierre*
would step into the vacant Presiden
tial chair. The victor, however, dis
claimed any wish to be President,
much to the surprise of everybody. As
far back as the memory of the oldest
Central American went there had
never been a man who had ever headed,
a revolution execept to gain power for
himself.
Gutierrez, the victor, like Cincln
natus of old, wanted to return to his
coffee plantation and spend his life in
peace and in rural pursuits. At least
he said so.
He suggested two of his generals as
best fitted to assume the responsibili
ties of the high office.
But on all sides the cry went up:
"Gutierrez! Gutierrez must be Pres
dent!'
It was finally decided that for a year
he should be dictator and he accepted
the trust. The revolutionists declare
it was the old trick of Caesar being of
fered the crown. At any rate to most
of his countrymen Gutierrez proved a
man of good common sense, thor
oughly just and honest, and brave in
battle. But time proved he was not
fitted to cope with the baseness and
intrigue of the Government depart
ments.
At the end of the year of dictator
ship he was proclaimed President in
spite of low mutterlngs of discontent.
At first they were almost inaudible,
but soon they swelled to a chorus that
went rumbling up and down the land.
Gutierrez discovered that each year
swelled the list of his enemies alarm
ingly. At the head of the discontented
now are the merchants, especially
those who love a President that in
clines for a consideration to wink at
smuggling. An honest President means
smaller profits for such merchants.
Then some of the office-holders at pres
ent are carefully watched to prevent
their filling their private pockets with
public money. Added to these are the
regular starved office-seekers, to whom
a change in government is hailed as a
chance for another lease of easy-going
life.
Of late coffee has been groins: darwn
Continued on Pag* Tweoty-Xour.18
EVERYDAY LIFE IN HAVANA DURING THE WAR SCARE
A CITY OF PLEASURE LOVERS
WHO ATTEND BULL FIGHTS
WITH HALF A MILLION DEAD
OR MISSING AND DANCE AND
GAMBLE IN THE FACE OF
DEATH.
No City in the World Is Just Now So Much in the American Eye as
Havana, in Whose Harbor Our Noble Battle-Ship Was Blown Up
Last Week. Here Is a Vivid Picture of Life in the Cuban Capital
as It Is To-day. • •
THIS sport Is purely Spanish. We
Cubans do not enjoy It, and who
knows that before long it may be
prohibited by an act of Con-
gress?" The speaker was a hand- j
lome man, -with a strong, thoughtful
lace, as he looked down into the bull
ring in Havana several Sundays ago.
Mazzintlni, Spain's great toreador, had
just brought a magnificent Mexican bull j
to his knees by a quick, daring thrust. ;
The thousands of spectators who lined
the amphitheater, tier upon tier, were
applauding frantically. Hats were be
ing shied, into the ring with reckless
generosity, only to be disdainfully
thrown back to the seats and scrambled
for by the owners.
It was not such a crowd as one sees j
In Madrid or Seville. As the first speak- j
er remarked, bull fighting, or bull
butchering, is not a Cuban sport; it is
essentially Spanish, and above every
thing- Spanish in Havana now hangs
the dread of Americans and their Con
•■gress'. ■ Cubans love baseball. They do
,' not play ii now, because, silly as it
may seem, AYeyler forbade the game.
This only makes them love it all tha
more, Bays the correspondent of the
New York Herald.
All through the eager, excited crowd
on that Sunday afternoon sat sad-eyed
boys in the uniform of Spain, with their
Mauser rifles over their knees. Next
to, the president's box lolled half a doz
en officers high in command. It had
been rumored in Havana that there
was to be another popular outcry
against autonomy, and the sad-eyed
boy soldiers were there with their Mau-
eer Titles to see to it that the dignity
of the latest Spanish experiment for
holding the island was not insulted.
Poor autonomist ministers! They might
be hanged by the insurgents if they
•went -into the bushes to- talk "autono
my," and it takes Mauser rifles to en
force respect for them in the bull ring
of Havana.
The last bull is butchered and the
crowd riles peacefully out of the ring
and starts on a trot for the ferryboat
that runs across the bay, There was
no outcry, and Havana's narrow
streets swallow up its bull n'trhtlng po-p
uiatir.n only to disgorge it on the prom
enades of the Central Park when the
tights are lit and the military band
plays inspiring martial airs. Around
and around the park the crowds stroll,
smoking strong cigarettes or occasion
ally breaking ranks to eat ice cream
at one nt the numerous cafes.
All Havana eats ice cream. They
make it of the most unheard-of fruits
and eat It with delicate little sugar
wafers. The stroll is over by 11, and
then the city is wrapped in ita nerv
ous, fitful sleep. Away in the hills.
Within .uunshot of the city, lie the lynx
eyed insurgents, watching the lights of
the city as they darken in the streets
ami theaters; watching for an oppor
tunity to steal into the suburbs and
dash back into the bushes with qui
nine or cartridges.
Nrght after night the same scene is
witm-ssr-d; occasionally a train of cars
is blown up with dynamite and shots
are fired into the disabled train, but
Havana has ceased to be even dis
turbed by these events. An obscure
paragraph in a local paper gives mea
ger details, and the incident is dropped.
It is truly astonishing how aecus
*»xned one becomes even to the, most
tragic affairs of life. In Cuba people
are dying by hundreds.: The Arch
bishop of Havana has said that his
parish registers show over 500,000
missing since the war began.- Almost
every woman in the street wears deep
mourning; plantations are burned and
devastated; the tramp of armed men
and the rattle 'of gun carriages
awaken all from morning slumbers;
food Is scarce and becoming scarcer:
the bare pecessities of life are dear
and becoming deafer; yet the music
and the dance go on. There is money
to gamble at the clubs and pennies
for the poor to risk in lottery schemes.
Spain has spent £56,000,0.00 to put
down the rebellion; her representa
tives are pent up in Havana; yet- the
national pastime — the bull fight — goes
on every Sunday as if there were no
hungry, fiercely determined men in the
hills.
In fact, people are tired talking
war; in society they talk of something
else unless some novel incident oc
curs. Widows and mothers seem to
have drained their dregs of sorrow,
and go about sad eyed, but composed,
as if their grief were too deep for
tears.
At Key West I saw the father of
Qeneral Aranguren. He is an old
man, with an iron face and piercing
eye. Ho ?eems to live in a dazed
past. Every night he is about the
village postoffice awaiting news of
anything or anybody. Occasionally a
phantom of the past in the shape of
dome old friend comes before his eyes
and he breaks into boyish ecstasy. He
has one son under the sod and an
other "In the bushes," as they say
in Cuba. He doesn't expect to see the
second one again, so he dreams on and
plans to tell the story of his con's
death to the world.
What is left of Cuban society -wraps ]
itself in exclusiveness and awaits its j
time. The wealthy land owners at
the beginning of the war sought re
fuge in Europe or the United States.
Most of them ha< no thought of re
duced incomes. Then came burned i
fields and impoverished tenants; edicts I
of the Government forbidding th<; J
foreclosure of mortgages, but . always ;
taxes more and more. Incomes wore ;
reduced, many stopped. In order to
protect what they had, many once J
rich returned to Havana with scarce- j
ly enough to buy the coarser necessi- i
ties of life. But it is still an ex- I
elusive aristocracy, as proud as the j
first families of ruined Virginia, and,
like them, rebel to the bone.
There is no doubt about where the
native Cuban aristocracy stands in
this war. They were never frugal
people. On the contrary, the men ;
spent money like drunken sailors. Nor
were they good business men. The :
commercial control of the island
passed away from them years ago,
and the American, Spaniard, English- \
man and German became their mas
ters. Cubans complain of unjust dis- |
crimination against them by the Span- '
iards, but where they are pitted i
fi gainst each other in the end the
Spaniard wins. It is ability that tells
in the long run. Years of repression
and unjust discrimination have not
ruined the Hebrew. Several scions of
the old regime were comparing notes
on old times one evening in my hear
ing.
""Why," said one, "we sometimes <
came into Havana with big wagons
and drove out to the plantations a
whole band of music. We would then
invite hundreds of our kinsmen and
friends, and keep up a jollification for;
two, three ai»l sometimes four weeks." \
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, StTSDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1893.
After that T did not wonder why the
frugal Spaniard or thrifty Yankee got
the unper hand- in trade. • ;
Just at present the most feared man
to. American tourists in Havana is Dr.
Brunner of the Marine Hospital Corps,
stationed in Havana for the" purpose
of issuing Health permits, without
which no one can land at any of the
ports in the States. Dr. Brunner does
his duty with strict impartiality; hence
his unpopularity in some quarters. It
is astonishing how prone we Ameri
cans are to evade laws and chuckle in
wardly at the performance. When we
cannot we are indignant and begin to
protest and splutter- about outrages.
There was a long line of expectant ap
plicants for clean bills of health when
I made my application.
As an act of kindness to those con
templating a visit to Havana it should
be stated that every one must be vac
cinated. If you go there without this
precaution Dr. Brunner will insist upon
having it done and will refuse to issue
a permit until a reasonable length of
time has elapsed to note the effect, us
ually twelve days. The first applicants
were a smart little bride from Charles
ton and her husband on their weddding
tour. They had been vaccinated a
month before and they were all right.
The next applicant was a drummer,
who tried to pass on the strawberry
mark in the middle of his back. Re
sult, the wholesale damnation of the
Government, vaccination, medical in
spectors and everything in general.
"Are these stringent regulations ne
cessary?" I asked.
"Why, of course they are," replied
the doctor. "I do not meddle with the
politics of the situation, but I have
made up my mind to one thing and that
is that annexation would be the great
est blessing to the United States from a
sanitary point of view. Within the last
century the Southern States have lost
more money and people by yellow fever
and smallpox epidemics, directly trace
able to this port, than the whole nation
would lose in five wars. If the United
States owned the island the city of Ha
vana would .be cleaned out, and made
as healthful as any place in the world
situated in the tropics."
This opinion is shared by all the
men of any knowledge of modern sani
tary methods with whom I talked. The
bay of Havana is pinched by two capes
at the mouth, and then expands into a
large basin. The tide does not ebb and
flow sufficiently to carry away the re
fuse matter now dumped into it. As a
result, the whole bay reeks with foul
matter; so filthy is the water that Cap
tain Sigsbeee washed the decks of the
ill-fated Maine every morning with
water brought, from the shcr<». The
city itself has only the rudest system
of sewers, although the water supply
is excellent, and was obtained some
years ago at an enormous cost.
The best troops in the Spanish ser
vice do not belong to the line, but to
that admirable corps of military po
: lice known as the Orden Publico. This
lis a corps d'elito, composed of young
; .soldiers, Spaniards to a man, all of
whom have been selected from the
; regular army on account of the
superior intelligence and physical
qualities. They perform regular po
lice patrol duty and do it with a de
', gree of dignity and courtesy that
; might well serve as a model for de
! portment for the Greater New York
! police force. Their uniform is d!s
! tinctly military, consisting of a dark
blue tunic faced with red. wide blue
i trousers with red stripes, and a jaunty
; cap, something after the fashion of the
i French fatigue cap, until recently
worn in our army. Ordinarily thtj
are armed with a huge revolver, worn
on the left side in a buff leather
sh< ath, and .1 short, straight sword.
They are all admirably set up, and
their arms, equipments and uniforms
are the very pink of perfection, in
striking contrast to the slovenliness
and dilapidation of weapons and cloth
ing that characterise the Spanish sol
dier of the line.
All tourists who have had occasion
to come into contact with an Order
SCIENTISTS TELL US HOW WE THINK
AT last scientists seem to be on
the point of finding out what
happens in the brain when a
person thinks. It has long been
known that the brain is the
thinking organ, but just how
the making of thought comes about has
been a puzzle.
The celebrated Cabanis solved the
matter off-hand by saying that the
brain secretes thought as the liver se
cretes bile. This terse saying passed
into common use, but soon came to be
recognized as a clever speech rather
than an explanation of the mystery.
Now, however, the most recent re
searches of the microscopists are mak
ing it appear that after all the saying is
not so far wrong, but that, correctly in
terpreted, it in some measure expresses
the facts. Of course thought, being in
tangible, is not properly to be com
pared with bile or any other physical
substance, but it appears that the pro
cesses In the brain which produce
thought, and without which thinking is
impossible, are strictly comparable to
those changes in the liver and other or
gans which produce the tangible secre
tions.
A committee of British physicians,
acting jointly, has for some years been
giving particular attention to this topic,
and their researches, though not yet al
together complete, already show some
very interesting results, which, taken
together with those of investigators on
the continent, let us see a long way into
the intricacies of the brain.
It has shown unequivocally, for exam
ple, that a brain cell, which is the really
important part of the brain, actually
loses part of its substance during ac
tion. The brain cells of persons and of
animals that have died during a period
of great exhaustion from over-exertion
are found to be greatly changed from
j the condition of the normal cell during
times of health and vigor. The cell of
the exhausted brain, instead of being
plump and full of nervous matter, is
found to be hollowed out of "vacuolat
ed," a cavity within Us substance hav
i ing formed and being filled with water.
| This means that a part of the cell sub
i stance has been actually consumed dur
i ing the time of brain activity, precisely
' as coal is consumed when one gets heat
I from a furnace.
It Is found, further, that if an ani
i mal whose brain cells are thus ex
] hausted is permitted to rest and to
! sleep its cells rapidly recuperate, new
| material being supplied from the blood
until the vacuolatlon has disappeard,
and the cell is practically as good a3
■ new again. This explains why sleep is
• necessary to our existence. During
waking hours our brains are literally
; worn away, and sleep is the state dur
x uolico will cheerfully testify to his I
unfailing courtesy. It was this corps
which, equipped as infantry with Rem- ;
ircgtorr rifles, distinguished itself by the ;
masterly manner in which it handled
the mobs during the riots, without once i
having occasion to fire a shot..
Although the evidences of war to be !
seen in Havana are. scanty enough, it!
is amazing how frequently the insur- |
gents manage to run the guard of the
outposts and make rorays into the
Buburbs. Hardly a week passes that i
ing which the repair shops of the brain
make good the damage of the waking
hours. Thus the brain of a person who
suffers from insomnia is in the condi
tion of a locomotive which is run night
and day without going to the repair
shops; disaster must ultimately result.
It is not sleep alone, however, that
rests the brain cell, though sleep is ab
solutely essential to recuperation of the
brain as a whole. But not all parts of
the brain are involved in any one kind
of mental effort. The blood supply of
the brain is so arranged that by expul
sion or contraction of different arteries
parts of the brain may be flusheu wi.ui
blood and other parts dammed off, so to
speak, somewhat as .the various cur
rents of an irrigated field are regulated
by the gardener. And as rapid ilow of
blood is essential to great mental ac
tivity, this means that one part of the
brain may be very actively at work
while another part is restinsr and re
cuperating.
Thus it is that a person suffering from
brain fatigue may leave his desk and
go out into the fields with a golfstick,
or on the highways with a bicycle, and,
by diverting his mind, give the over
worked cells a chance to rest and re-
cuperate.
But it must not be overlooked that
such exercise involves other brain
cells,, which, in turn, become ex
hausted, and that, in the end, for the
recuperation of the brain as a whole,
sleep js absolutely essential. No recre
ation, no mediqine, no stimulant will
take its place. The man who does not
give himself sufficient hours of sleep,
or who is unable to sleep when he
makes the effort, is literally burning
away his brain substance, and can no
more keep on indefinitely in this way
than a locomotive can run on indefi
nitely without getting fresh supplies of
fuel.
In this new view, it appears that eaoh
brain cell is a sort of storage battery,
which can perform a certain amount
of work and then must be recharged.
This likeness to a battery is further
emphasized by the fact that the na
ture of the brain cell's work consists,
like that of any other battery, of the
sending out of charges of energy along
fibers that may be likened to wires.
Brain cells, when examined under
the microscope, are found not to be
simple globular bodies, like many other
kinds of cells. On the contrary, they
are irregular in shape, and when prop
erly stained, little wire-like fibers can
be seen jutting out from them in var
ious directions. It is along these fibers
that the messages come to the cell,
and other messages are sent out, much
as messages go and come from a tele
phone central office.
This likening of the brain to a tele
phone central office is a comparison
that may be carried to a remarkable
length. Indeed, no other comparison
Bervea so well to give one a correct
a squadron of a dozen or so reckless
horsemen does not make a night raid
on the little town of Casa Blanca,
across the bay, and a scant quarter
of a mile from the palace itself. These
raids are made half in bravado and
half for the purpose of looting the few
stores in the place to procure supplies
of liquors and provisions, and as a
finale, " before retreating across the
hills to the westward, the raiders gen
erally discharge a few random shots at
the city across the bay.
notion of the method of brain action.
But until recently there was one phase
of the matter that could not be ex
plained.
How is it that the various messages
that are surging through the brain are
directed to proper channels, among
these multitudinous wires? When you
call up the central office, you give a
certain number, and the "hello girl"
connects your particular wire with that
number. When you are through talk
ing the girl breaks the circuit, and
you can no longer communicate along
that line. But is there anything simi
lar to this making and breaking of cir
cuits possible in the brain?
Astonishing as it may seem, the an
swer is, yes. There is precisely such
a series of changes in the circuits of
the brain cells as is effected by the
"hello girl" with the telephone wires.
The manner of it is this. Recent stud
ies of the brain cell, particularly those
made by the Spanish physiologist, Ra
mon Cajal, have shown that many of
the wires which lead out from a cell do
not go on uninterruptedly to a ter
mination in some other distant cell, as
they were formerly supposed to do, but
instead terminate in "blind ends." That
is to say, they point out toward other
cells, but do not reach them. Such a
fiber clearly cannot convey any mes
sage, because, like a telephone wire
that has been cut, it does not lead any
where.
But under certain conditions of stim
ulation a very extraordinary thing hap
pens. The "blind" fiber, under stim
ulus from its central cell, lengthens out
until it touches a fiber of a neighboring
cell, and, presto! with such contact a
circuit is completed and a message
flashes between the cells.
Manifestly, such coming together of
the "blind" fibers is precisely compar
able to the "hello girl's" connecting of
your telephone with another. And as
in the case of the telephones, so in the
case of the cells, when the communica
tion is completed the connection is
broken, the fibers retract and cease to
touch one another, and no further mes
sages can be sent.
Sometimes the telephone girl does
not understand your order, or , reports
that the number you want is "engaged"
and you cannot send your message.
Similarly, in the brain, it seems some
times as if certain circuits one wishes
to use-are engaged in other channels,
for how often does one "puzzle his
brains" to recall a fact or a name
which he feels that he knows perfectly,
but which will not come at command?
And then how, perhaps hours after
afterward, the elusive name will flash
before him as if the telephone girl of
his brain cell had at -last succeeded in
getting the right connfc«rtlon?
When one reflects that each of these
wonderful brain cells is microscopic in
size, requiring, indeed, a high power
of the micro-scope to make it visible.
General Lee's breakfast to the offi
cers of the Maine, at the Marianao
Yacht Club, on January 30, served aa
a pretext for a raid by the insurgents,
who were anxious to give the Ameri
can visitors an example of their prow
ess. Word had been sent to the
nearest insurgent camp that the break
fast was to take place, and arrange
ments were made for a foray, under
Juan Delgado, to attack the town as a
sort of spectacular finale to the enter
tainment at the club.
and that there are billions of them In
a cubic inch of brain substance, one is
led to wonder that such mistakes of
connection, or failures to connect, do
not occur oftener. As it is, the tele
phone office of the brain is easily the
most wonderful structure of which we
have any knowledge. The most deli
cate piece of mechanism ever devised
by human hands is a crude thing in
deed compared with the marvelous
brain cell.
In time of war It often happens that
an invading army will cut the tele
graph wires and destroy instruments
and batteries at the central offices, go
that telegraphic and telephonic com
munication becomes Impossible. A pre
cisely similar destruction of the brain
fibers and brain cells occurs under cer
tain conditions of disease.
The familiar disease paresis, for ex
ample, consists essentially of just such
a destruction of the brain structures as
this. Day by day, in the paretic's
brain, disease is making inroads upon
the delicate mechanism of the cella,
and correspondingly, the ideas that
could alone result from the activities
of those Gells are annulled forever.
When such destruction has gone far.
involving many sets of cells, it is as
impossible that the paretic's min<i
should act normally, as that a tele
phone system should operate with linea
cut and batteries destroyed.
It will doubtless surprise many to
learn that the dealers in human hair do
not depend on chance clippings here
and there, but there is a regular hair
harvest that can always be relied upon.
It is estimated that over 11,000 pounds
of human hair is used annually in the
civilized world for adorning the heads
of men and women, but principally the
fair sex. The largest supply of hair
comes from Switzerland, Germany and
the French provinces. There is a hu
man hair market in the department of
the Lower Pyrenees, held every Fri
day. Hundreds of hair traders walk up
and down the one street of the village,
their shears dangling from their belts,
and inspect the braids which the peas
ant girls, standing on the steps of the
houses, let down for inspection. If a
bargain is struck the hair is cut and
the money paid on the spot.
Few words have a more curious def
inition than "bachelor." Originally i A
meant students who had taken their
degree. Successful students were
crowned with laurel berries, the Latin
for which is baccalaureus. These stu
dents were not allowed to marry, for
fear the duties of husband and father
should Interfere with their literary pur
suits. So finally "baccalaureate" or
"bachelor" sot its Dresent significantTERRIBLE POWER
OF THE TORPEDO.
Way In Which the Important Harbors of
the World Are Guarded by Networks
of Deadly Explosives.
DID you ever try what It feels like
to live for a whole week — to eat,
drink and sleep — in a room con
taining enough gun cotton to
blow San Francisco heaven
ward? It was safe enough,
•.after all, though I couldn't help feeling
: . i bit nervous at first. Gun cotton is not
: :a v«ry dangerous explosive to handle,
■arid our supply was in charge of ex
perienced men.
Reading of the disaster to the Maine
.'and the probable existence of a sub
: marine mine brought it all back to my
; mind as clearly as if the incident had
happened yesterday. Nearly ten years
have passed since we, British soldiers,
/(belonging to her Majesty's colonial
forces, set out with deliberate Intent to
>iow up an American vesse; by means
of torpedoes.
Yet no international complications
ensued, and I doubt If the Government
.at Washington ever heard of the af
:f.air. The American vessel happened
■%ja be very much in the. way of navi
gation; also she was in a very dilapi
dated condition — nothing more than a
■ ■^derelict.
. : A message from the ocean had come to
: vs. in its saddest form— the derelict
hulk of a large wooden ship, floating
•Jjottom upward, her keel encrusted
with barnacles, swept by the heavy sea,
■which is so characteristic of the east
• of Australia. We never knew
tiqm -what part of the Pacific Ocean
ei^e had been brought by wayward cur
rents; of her officers and crew we never
heard a word. For months slje had
drifted silently at the mercy of the
waves until she reached soundings off
the coast of New South Wales, close to
X'r.f busy coal port of Newcastle.
Th^.re, strangely enough, though a
hopeless derelict, she anchored herself.
This sounds impossible, but any sailor
win understand how it happened. The
vessel with her cargo of kerosene had
been burnt at sea. Then she capsized,
but. the quantity of oil remaining in
her bottom had sufficed to keep her
floating well out of the water. Her an
fcjjors and chains had of course fallen
down, but the end of the cable, as is
AUTO-MOBILE TORPEDO READY FOR ACTION.
The automobile torpedo is a weapon
that is shot from a tube, generally
called a torpedo gun, and takes up its
line of progress by machinery con
tained in its body. There are many
forms ot these, like the Howell and the
Whitehead, for example, and some ex
traordinary results have been obtained
with both.
The Whitehead is discharged from
the tube by steam or powder, and just
as it leaves the muzzle a lock auto
matically opened releases the com
pressed air carried in a flask and sets
in motion the machinery. Three things
must.be done by it. It must go through
the. water at a high speed, preserving
Its linear direction; it must float at a
constant depth, and on striking it must
explode. The ingenuity and simplicity
of the mechanism which effects these
three things are really marvelous.
The Howell torpedo is based upon the
Well-known principle of the gyroscope.
Its gpegd and surety of direction -ere
usual ort board ship, was made fast. So
she drifted a.long, sweeping the depths
of the ocean with her pendent anchors,
and of course, as soon as she got into
shallow water, they held fast.
We discovered afterwards, from the
marks on the cases of kerosene, that
the .vessel was the John T. Berry, a
large American tvooden ship bound
from New York to China with a caigo
I of. kerosene, in cases. This was after
we had finished the wreck; at present
phe was right in the road of the traffic
along the Australian coast, a serious
menace to shipping. As the wreck
seemed: to be of considerable value, if
only . for the copper in her hull, a
wreekinjg company started operations,
and msde several futile attempts to
tow her into port. But she was moored
teo securely for all the tugs in Austra
lia^ iSdthing' would shift her. During
thf> operations a valuable steamer was
thrown by the heavy sea against the
wreck, and went speedily to the bot
tom- The incident disvouraged the
wreckers, and they retired from the
field.
The colonel commanding the N. S.
TV. Torpedo Corps, a fine old soldier,
saw.-his ; . chance. Here was a heaven
Bent opportunity for proving the effl
■- ot hi.-- — iment. He was an en
thusiast: at his work, and so were his
men, all- skilled electricians from the
■ j.h service, which in Australia
• .lucted by the State. Unfortunate
in.cotton is an expensive article,
and h^nce the opportunities for prac
tice with full" charged submarine
m.meg were rare. Here, however, was
an occasion when the explosion of
in any number was fully justifi
able, and the Government, recognizing
the necessity for getting the wreck out
of the way of traffic, agreed with him.
Thus it happened that, one dark,
rainy night, we sailed from Sydney in
a little Government steamer, generally
used for lighthouse inspection, pleasure
s. and so forth. She was not
in any sense a man-of-war, and, there
ad no magazine. So we dumped
in cotton into the cabin, lashed
c number of great iron drums on deck,
set forth to do a bit of real tor-
J'-'.'ing.
Had the- weather remained fine our
task would have been difficult enough.
but w° hail gales and heavy seas dur
ing the whole of .our operations. Our
little steamer was like a cork in these
stormy waters, but she was a stanch
sea boat, and except for the fact that
the soldiers, being landsmen, got "very
sick, nothing disturbed the harmony of
our voyage.
We found the wreck anchored about
four miles off the coast, but the diffi
culty was to get at her. Having in
mind the fate of the first wrecking
steamer, we dared not approach too
closely. Nothing but a portion of her
bilges and the straight line of her keel
showed above water; there was no pro
jection to which we could make a line
fast, and 'it was impossible for a man
to maintain his footing on the slippery
sea-washed bottom.
There was only one way to solve the
problem, and that was to sweep a line
under the wreck, and slide a torpedo
down it until it reached a point be
neath the capsized hull. So we filled
one of our iron drums, in shape some
thing like a floating buoy, with 300
pounds of gun cotton, a tremendous
charge, and started in to work. We ran
a strong hawser out with a boat, and,
keeping our position with difficulty,
swept it down across the bows of the
wreck. There it caught an the anchor
chains; we could get it no further aft.
It would have been better could we
have got a torpedo right under the cen
ter of the hull, but as this seemed im
possible we decided to fire the mine
under the bows.
At last, after endless delays, we had
everything In position, the mine sus
pended from the hawser and connected
by an electric wire with the ship. We
used a portable battery, in which you
turn a handle to generate the current,
and I can remember my anxiety as
I watched the officer whirl the little
handle around. We were only about one
hundred yards away from the torpedo,
and who knew what might happen
within a second. Were we to be
swamped by the sea raised by the mine
or sunk by falling timbers cast high
Into the air by the terrific explosion?
However, nothing very serious hap
pened. There was a muffled roar as
the current flew through the wire, a
column of water shot high in the air,
our little steamer rocked violently in
the swell, and it was all over. Th*- 1
provoking part of it was that there lay
the wreck, seemingh* quite undis
turbed by the occurrence, though we
found out afterward that we had loos
ened, if not parted, the chains which
given by the functioning of an inner
wheel, which is relatively very heavy
on the periphery, and revolves with
such velocity and in such a constant
plane that high speed and great
strightnoss of trajectory are secured.
There are many other forms, but these
two are employed in our service, and
the Whitehead is used by nearly all the
navies of the world.
The term "submarine mine" is ap
plied to defensive mines or to those
which would be used to obstruct the
channels of a river or estuary, or the
approaches to a fortified or unprotect
ed seaport. Colonel Samuel Colt, the
inventor of the American revolver, first
demonstrated the practicability erf
blowing up vessels by submarine mines
fired by electricity. In 1842 he blew up
the old gunboat Boxer, and in 1843 he
destroyed a brig in the Potomac River
while the vessel was under way, sail
ing at the rate of five miles an hour.
Many forms of mines were used here
and abroad, and they were successful
ly employed against us in the civil war.
Every system of coast defense con
held her so securely anchored.
The next time we managed to get
the mine nearly under the center of
the ship, and the explosion showed
more tangible results. We blew a hole
right through the bottom of the hulk,
;in<i in doing so sealed her fate. Huge
pieces of the heavy floor timbers flew
WE DREW OFF AT A SAFE DISTANCE AND EXPLODED THE TORPEDO UNDER HER BOWS,
BUT THE SHOCK HARDLY BUDGED HER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
high In the air, and fragments of
kerosene cases were scattered all over
the surrounding sea. The water began
to grow smoother, a thin oily film
spread itself upon the ocean, in which
floated dead fish Innumerable killed by
the shock. Evidently we had opened
a way for the kerosene and air impris
oned In the vessel's bottom to esoape.
What was more, we found the wreck
drifting freely about, her anchor gear
having parted.
By the time we had finished all this
work it was getting late in the evening
and it occurred to us that if we wished
to save anything of the wreck we had
better try towing her to the Bhore
and beach her at a convenient spot
Just outside of Newcastle. But the
proposition was not bo easy to exe
cute. The only place to which we
could make a hawser fast was one of
the rudder gudgeons on the stern post
and this compelled us to tow the
wreck stern first. "We might Just as
well have tried to tow her broadside
on, and darkness set in before we had
made any progress worth speaking of.
Reluctantly we abandoned our
charge and returned to port, intending
to bring out a powerful tug next day.
But next day there was no more wreck
to be seen. The oil which had hitherto
kept her afloat had run out from her
bottom, and quietly, making no fuss
about it. she had sunk to the depths
of the ocean. J. p\ ROSE-SOLEY.
TORPEDO
ACCIDENTS.
THE torpedo Is a tremendously
offensive weapon, capable of
doing more damage in a minute
than a battery of heavy guns
could effect in a week. But the
trouble is that, like the monster which
Frankenstein«so rashly created. It does
not discriminate between friend and
foe; with beautiful impartiality, it is
equally ready to destroy either.
This is more particularly the case
with the automobile torpedo, of which
the Whitehead is the best-known type,
intended for use by one vessel against
cerns itself with their distribution and
use, and every well-known harbor of
the world is at this day so mapped out
that the planting of these mines may
be done on a plan which promises the
greatest utility. Some of these are
constant depth mines — that is, such as
will float always at a certain depth be
low the surface, no matter what may
be the state of the tide; some are fitted
to explode on contact, and most are so
arranged that they may be exploded at
will by observers stationed at points of
refuge, in bomb proof and looko-ut sta
tions ashore.
It is by such a system as this that
San Francisco is guarded. Of course,
the Federal authorities carefully pre
serve the plan of the mines protecting
the entrance of the Golden Gate, and
only to a very few in the highest au
thority is the secret kne-wn.
Is the harbor of Havana so guarded
and so protected, and could the Maine
have been anchored close to one of
these submerged volcanoes, operated so
easily by the simple twist of a hostile
hand ashore?
another. This delicate and expensive
piece of mechanism is almost human
in its contrariness. Each torpedo con
tains In itself a complete compressed
air engine, which drives it along by a
screw exactly in the same way as a
steamer is propelled. And the theory,
which works out very prettily on paper,
HOW THE TORPEDOES AND SUBMARINE MINES COULD BE WORKED FROM FORT POINT
AGAINST A SHIP ENTERING THE GOLDEN GATE.
is that the torpedo, when fired from the
tube at a certain anglo, its engines ad
justed to run at a certain speed, and
its flotation so arranged that it will
keep at a fixed depth bypath the sur
face, will hit the enemy's vessel at
which it is aimed.
Any naval officer knows, however,
though perhaps he may not rare to ad
mit it, that the chance of the White
head hitting the object it is aimed at
is very remote. When two vesels are
moving in opposite directions at high
rates of speed It is difficult enough to
make good practice, evt-n with the
most accurate of guns. The combined
Bpeed of the two ships would be some
where in the neighborhood of forty
miles an hour, and it would be almost
impossible to so adjust a Whitehead
as to hit under these conditions. If
both vessels were motionless it would
be easy enough, but this is unlikely to
happen in real warfare.
It is no wonder that, under such cir
cumstances, naval experts are begin
ning to look askance at the torpedo's
presence on battle-ships. They ques
tion whether the weapon is likely to
prove worthy of the room it occupies
and the danger it involves. For some
time the use of above-water torpedo
tubes has been abandoned because of
the risk of explosion In action. Even
with all the torpedoes and their appur
tenances under water, the possibility of
a stray shell striking one of the fully
charged heads is by no means remote
Another thing is that the erratic
Whitehead cannot always be depended
upon to run straight; sometimes it
takes a fancy to dive to the bottom, at
other times it comes to the surface.
It has even been known to turn com
pletely around and make a bee line
back for the vessel from which it was
fired. These things, of course, have
only happened in practice, but there is
no reason why they might not be re
peated in real war.
Probably, therefore, the automobile
torpedo will soon be relegated to its
proper place on small torpedo vessels"
and the big ships will be freed from
such a dangerous Incumbrance. But
the fixed torpedo, or submarine mine,
as it sometimes called, comes under a
different category. Its value for har
bor defense is so great that its use is
more likely to be developed than dis
continued. It is quite possible, by care
ful surveying, to so plant the entrance
to a harbor with torpedoes that no hos
tile vessel can enter without bringing
about her own destruction.
Possibly this has been done in San
Francisco Fay, but of course the mili
tary authorities are secret about the
matter, and neither the arrangement
SUBMARINE MINES WITH BUOY ATTACHMENTS.
of the mine fields nor the position of
the observing station is known to the
general public. But I was privileged
once to investigate the torpedo defense
of an equally important harbor, that
of Port Jackson, in New South Wales.
The conditions of the two harbors are
somewhat similar; in each there is a
narrow, sharply denned entrance,
widening out into a broad bay. And on
the shores of each haven there is a
large city to be defended.
The navigable entrance to Port Jack
son is comparatively narrow, and, be
sides, is commanded on each side by
high hills, which bristle with those
terrible hydro- pneumatic guns. Each
of these weapons is concealed in a
shell-proof pit. from which it only rises
to fire, returning again automatically
to shelter. But on a height within the
harbor, commanding a close view of
the entrance, there is a still more im-
portant means of defense. Carefully
concealed amid the green bushes which
clothe the hill is a little casemate, and
here, looking out from a narrow open
ing, the officer in charge can observe
the approach of every vessel desiring to
enter the harbor.
The whole thing is wonderfully sim
ple. The officer sits before a chart of
the harbor, traced on ground glass, so
that at night it may be illumined by a
lamp from underneath. At his e--e is
a range-finder, with which he follows
the movement of an incoming vessel.
An automatic arrangement traces the
course of the vessel on the chart below.
She passes over a succession of tiny
squares, each representing so much of
the harbor. And within each of these
squares is a heavily charged submarine
mine. All that the officer has to do
when the enemy's ship arrives at a
proper point is to press a button, the
torpedo explodes .and the incident is
ended. In the same way he can, by
telephone, direct the heavy guns in the
battery below to be pointed on any
given spot. Then all he has to do is to
wait till the enemy's ship arrives on
this particular square on the diagram,
HOW THE REBEL SHIP AQUEDABAN WAS DESTROYED BY A TORPEDO.
DURING the Brazilian Insurrec
tion of 1893-94 President Peixoto
sent four torpedo boats to de
stroy the rebel ship Aquidaban,
which was lying at anchor under
the lee of Santa Cruz. The night of
April 15, 1594, was exceedingly dark,
and the Government torpedo boats en
tered the harbor without accident.
Spreading out, fan-like, the vessels felt
their way about seeking the Aquida
ban, Admiral Mello's flagship. The
boat Sampaio was the first to encoun
ter the enemy. A sharp fire was opened
on the torpedo boat, revealing the Aqui
daban. At once the torpedo boat went
full speed toward the enemy, circling
to bring its bow tube to bear. The
captain of the Sampaio himself pulled
the lanyard. The torpedo struck the
Aquidaban very far forward. The ex
plosion was exceedingly violent, but did
not change the ship's trim. Neverthe
less, the shock was terrific, and the offi
cer of the watch was thrown from the
bridge into the sea. No one was killed,
as there was no one in the forward
compartments.
Tha ohlo elnwlv sank till she took
and a touch of the button will send half
a dozen heavy shells hurtling toward
the attacking vessel.
This system, of course, is compara
tively safe for the defender, but even
in times of peace accidents may hap
pen through the vagaries of the elec
tric current. I remember one case
where a gallant young officer and half
a dozen volunteers lost their lives be
cause of a crossed wire. It was during
the autumn maneuvers. The Governor
of the colony was on a visit to the en
campment, and to make a display it
was intended to fire a couple of tor
pedoes. The mines, hanging one on.
each side of a large boat, were taken
out by a crew of some dozen members
of the torpedo corps. One mine was
dropped in the bay and the boat moved,
on a hundred yards or so before ex
ploding it.
On the heights above we stood watch
ing anxiously for the explosion, for the
upheaval of a magnificent column of
water. Beyond was the boat, looking:
quite diminutive. Watching through
my glasses I saw the officer give the
signal, and then, to my horror, the
whole after part of the boat flew high
in the air, fragments of human bodies
fell on the waters all around, and we
knew that a great catastrophe had
happened. Most of the men in the boat
were killed, and a few stunned and
severely injured were picked up.
The awful explosion was brought
about by the simplest of causes. In
connecting the wires with the battery
some one, who paid with his life for his
carelessness, had crossed them, and
the mine hanging by the side of hte
boat had been exploded instead of the
one sunk deep in the waters.
the ground in twenty-two feet of
water. A careful examination dis
closed the fact that the torpedo had
struck close to the bulkhead, which
separated compartments two and
three, about thirty-five feet aft from
the ram. It had blown a hole nineteen
of twenty feet long and 6 feet 9 inches
broad, and at either end the steel skin
of the ship had been torn. The tear
extended aft six feet longitudinally
past the bulkhead dividing the third
and fourth compartments. The water
tight doors in the bulkhead had been
lne.sened by the shock, so that the
fourth compartment, which was a very
large one, had filled, as well as the first
three. Inside everything was smashed
beyond recognition. The armored
deck had been driven out a little just
over the place where the explosion oc
curred, and numerous rivets in the
skin had been loosened. In all it was
calculated that she had taken on board
500 tons of water. On the starboard
side forward, forty feet from the ram,
was another hole, but smaller than
that to the port, as it was only three
feet in diameter. This may have been
caused by the head ot the torpedo
being driven right through the ship by
tha force of the explosion.
1920
SHOULD THE STATE TAKE A HAND AND RESTRICT MARRIAGES ?
THE proposed Ohio law whereby
candidates for matrimony must
successfully pass a physical ex
amination before a medical
board is exciting all sorts of dis
cussion throughout the country. Some
people think it is simply another step
.indicating that the law is getting
deeper into the home and the individual
life of the people. They say, "What
next?"
In other quarters it has aroused
storms of violent opposition, protest
and derision. But through it all the
matter is being seriously and carefully
discussed by the Ohio legislators.
The father of the bill, Representa
tive Parker, declares that the present
tendency of degeneracy demands legal
The result to be attained
is desirable; the means
impossible, certainly im
practicable.
MAYOR JAS. D. PHELAN.
To start with, you cannot compel men and women
to submit to such a test. If you could, men and
women would not submit to the ban put upon them.
The law would be futile.
The result would discourage marital relations and
substitute illicit. Widespread illegitimacy would
take the place of the occasional defective or delin
quent mentally, morally, physically. To fix the re
sponsibility for children and thus provide for the r
rearing is more important than to exclude the possi
bility of congenital defects.
It Is better for the State to maintain hospitals and
asylums on account of mistaken marriages than to
become a universal father and mother.
Max Nordeau thinks otherwise. He is wrong. In
Europe every restriction on free marriage has re
sulted in failure, although there, under the paternal
system, such laws are easier to enforce. Legislation
of this kind is repugnant to American ideas. The
fittest will survive. Nature will eliminate the de
fectives. And from the point of view of the politician
I think nature should work more expeditiously and
save society from maintaining too many asylums for
mental, moral and physical delinquents.
* • •
The idea is ridiculous, to
say the least.
No one should have the
right to say who should
JESSIE BARTLETT DAVIS.
or should not marry.
What were we given hearts for if they are not to
decide for us in a matter of marriage?
It has been said, and it is so. that God's greatest
gift is love. Is the law to set itself higher than our
Maker?
Not by any means.
In my opinion the proposed law is too silly to
bother about.
As to the propriety and
expediency of a law re-
REV. ELBERT R. DILLE.
quiring all persons apply-
] I ing for a license to marry
to pass a medical examination, and /oroidding mar
riage to persons afflicted with dipsomania, insanity,
blood diseases or tuberculosis of the lungs, or heredi
tarily disposed thereto, I have only to say that I do
not think such a measure would be either practica
ble or desirable.
Already our laws make insanity a bar to marriage,
and crime ■works a dissolution of the marriage bond.
And while there should be some means by which de
cadent and defective persons should be prevented
from marrying and propagating their species, no
such measure as is contemplated in the article re
HARVESTING ICE
on the
TRUCKEE RIVER
THE Truckee River furnishes San
Francisco with most of its ice.
The ice is not taken from the
large lakes— Lake Tahoe and
Lake Dormer— for the former
does not freeze at all. and the
latter freezes to a depth inadequate to
yield merchantable ice. The ice lakes
or ponds are mostly made by damming
the river, and the average-sized pond
covers 160 acres and is from four to six
teen feet in depth. There are no less
than ten of these ponds on the course
of the river, and two are in the arms
of canyons which embrace feeders of
the river.
The twelve ponds are controlled by
eight companies or firms, most of them
having their head offices In San Fran
cisco.
There would seem to be some kind of
agreement existing among them as to
the market price of ice, as there is one
concern in the river which has its
plant leased to a San Francisco Ice
company, who pay it $12,000 per year
merely to hold its plant out of
use, or $30,000 per year if it
wishes to fill its storage-house with
ice, and hold the same, subject to the
orders of the company. It is also stated
that where the plant people have
availed themselves of this offer, but
lew carloads of ice have been taken
from their house during the summer
Reason, and they have had, In winter,
to replace only this small quantity to
keep their storage house filled.
The thermometer goes down to 15 de
grees below zero along this river, and
■ice cutting begins early in December.
It starts early, just as soon as the wa
ter is frozen to a sufficient thickness.
In order that the ice may be gotten
under cover before snow falls. Snow is
a serious and depressing Incident to an
ice producer. A heavy snowfall, after
freezing has set in, may ruin his en
tire crop. It falls Upon the ice, sinks
the Ice sheet by reason of its weight,
below the water; the water rises to
the level of the surface of the snow,
and freezing again ensues. This proc
ess produces merchantably worthless
Ice. The Ice instead of being clear,
transparent, bright, is white, opaque
and dull. It is good enough for refrig
erator purposes, but is undesirable for
other kinds of consumption, and when
the pond gets in this condition the ice
Is not cut at all.
When snow falls, therefore, the Ice
producer hurries his crew forthwith to
clean it off, and many scrapers are
brought into requisition. The con
gealed precipitation is gotten off and
piled around the banks of the lake.
This is an expensive process, for It
costs about $100 an inch of depth to !
clear the snow from a pond of 160 acres, j
If the snow is 5 inches, therefore, the ]
cost Is $500, and if several of these falls j
occur before the ice is frozen deep [
enough to cut, the profits of the enter
prise for that season become very ma- ;
terially reduced.
Merchantable Ice must not be less '
than 8 inches nor more than 14 inches j
thick. It is then cut Into blocks 22x30 ,
inches in size, and for that sized block j
each inch of ice weighs twenty pounds. !
A block 12 inches thick, therefore, I
weigfcs £40 pounds. These blocks are j
cut from the ice sheet by a horse draw
ing over it a saw guided by a man, a?
a plow is guided, which saw cuts a
Beam through the ice to a depth within
four feet of the bottom of the stratum.
This leaves the ice layer sufficiently j
prevention and that as a legislator he
is going to do everything in his power
to check it. His first step is to prevent
alliances that will result in inferior
progeny, and he holds that his pro
posed bill will bring about that much
desired object.
Men and women alike must submit
to this examination, and it is to be as
thorough as though the candidate was
applying for a life insurance or a place
In the regular army. No provision has
as yet been made for women doctors
on the examining boards, but the pro
moters of the bill say that is a detail
that will come later. At present they
are uniting their efforts to meet the
radical opposition to the bill.
But the Ohio unmarried people pro
ferred to above could be enforced. And where the re
strictions upon marriage are too rigid the result is
increased immorality and a larger number of ille
gitimate births, as witness France and other Euro
pean countries, where divorce is practically dis
allowed.
On the other hand, I believe that divorce laws far
less lax than ours— laws permitting divorce for, say,
two or three causes only— would tend to diminish
the number of ill assorted marriages and those in
imicable to the well being of society.
• • »
How to prevent the mar
riage of persons who ought
not to marry is a diffi
cult problem, and It Is un
likely that any legislation will solve it.
REV. W. H. MORELAND.
Moral suasion is the only force we can apply now
to dissuade the partners of an ill-advised union, and
that generally fails. An act of Congress will not
help the case, but will lead to deceit, fraud, immorali
ties and other evils.
It might be practicable to forbid the issuing of a
marriage license to a confirmed drunkard or to a
hopeless consumptive, and then the sworn affidavits
of reputable citizens would be necessary. But prog
ress along this line will be slow, and the surer prog
ress lies in the direction of deepening in parents the
conscientious sense of guardianship over their chil
dren and in children loving deference to the advice of
their parents.
In a true home, wherein children are wisely taught
and reared, the boys and girls, when they arrive at
years of choice, will be likely to select a fit partner,
who will be suitable on the ground of health, habits
and character.
The church can do more for the race along this line
than the state.
This Is a problem In so
ciology involving more
j thought and study than
I can readily be given to it
by the medical practitioner. The plan is so radical
that it will certainly meet with general and violent
opposition as soon as its purpose is made known. At
the present time, and under the existing conditions of
modern civilization, the public is not educated up to
the standard which would place marriage on a civil
service basis, and would compel those who contem
plate entering into a matrimonial contract to produce
official certificates as vouchers of their physical and
mental fitness to take such a step. The first effects of
the enactment of such a law would be almost revolu
tionary. I do not believe that an order of the Gov
ernment compelling the slaughter of all first-born
children would cause greater consternation than
would this.
DR. J. M. WILLIAMSON.
At first glance it would appear ta the casual ob
server that legal methods framed for the purpose of
eliminating from the reproductive portion of the
Intact to permit the horse to walk over
it. Two horses and saws are kept
moving upon the ice, one cutting
across, the other lengthwise, with the
lake. After a patch has been cut.
men follow with toothed ice cleavers
on the ends of sticks, insert them in
the seams and by prying break the
blocks apart. The blocks are then
floated, two abreast, into a flume along
which a line of men are stationed, and
the blocks are started floating toward
the storage house, the men thrusting
the cakes by them on toward :he
house.
On arriving at the storage house the
blocks are taken, two at a time, by
the bars of an elevator which lifts
SCENES ON THE TRUCKEE RIVER WHEN THE ICE CROP IS BEING GATHERED.
them along an Incline to the top of
the long storage house. Midway the
elevator is a planer and steel brush
which shaves and cleans off the sur
face of the Ice as it passes, freeing it
of all refuse which may be carried upon
the top of it. This storage house is
quite an establishment. It is gener
ally about 300 feet long, 100 feet wide
and 30 feet high; such a house will
hold 20,000 tons of ice. There are
eight of these houses along the line
of the Truckee River, some not quite
so large, perhaps, and I estimate that
the entire Ice crop with which they
are stored is about 150,000 tons.
The elevator continues to drag the
blocks of ice, and presently they are
carried along a level platform and past
doorways, opposite which men stand
with iron prongs; as the blocks pass
they are thrust off the platform into
the door, when quickly they disappear
down a Blide into the interior of the
house. The alternate tenth block is
selected by the first man on the plat
form, the others pass on to the other
men with prongs at the other doors.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
test. They don't want to be compelled j
to go before a board of physicians and ,
pay $2 50 for a physical examination. ■.
; Even if they pass the physical tests "]
they . are confronted with the old time
nightmares of heredity:, insanity in
the -family, consumption, drunkenness
and blood diseases. . . -.' • " 4
Throughout Brazil there prevails a
remarkable and self-imposed • law in i]
relation to matrimony. It is recog- "^
nized among all the higher classes. "^
The man who is about to marry is re- "^
quired to furnish a certificate rom one -i
or more physicians that he is free from -4
disease of a certain character. -♦
Belew will be found what some well- "♦
known San Franciscans think of the "*
proposed law: "^
.A
TAKING THE ICE UP THE ELEVATOR INTO THE STOREHOUSE.
If there are cakes of Ice found too I
impure to turn into the ice house they
are permitted to fall over the end of
the platform, whither they are carried
by the endless apron of an elevator.
The cast-off blocks are seized upon by
Truckee butchers, saloons and others
Who store private ice houses with them I
and use them for refrigerator pur
poses.
A large number of men are required
to operate an ice plant,' though the sea
son of cutting Is very short, only about I
eight days being required to cut for
and fill a house of the size I have de
scribed. But at this place 150 men
were employed. The number of men
must be increased, as the ice sheet is
cut away from the vicinity of the ice
house and as the flume is extended to
the farther end of the lake, requiring
more men at the flume stations to
Bhove the blocks along. They move
pretty freely, too, for the elevator lifts
sixty cakes or about seven tons of ice
a minute. The men are paid 25 cents !
per hour, and they work eleven -hours I
.New Bill Intro
duced in Objo
Proposing that
Candidates for
.Matrimony
Shall Pass a
Physical Exam
ation.
population all elements which might contribute to an
unhealthy, vicious or depraved progeny could only be
commended, and that the enforcement of such meth
ods would in due course of time so modify and im
prove the line of succession that a perfect race of
men and women would result.
Theoretically, this would happen: but it must be
taken into consideration that a law so far-reaching
in its effects would preclude so many that a compara
tively small minority would receive official sanction
to enter into the marriage state.
What steps would then be taken by the Govern
ment to compensate those who might be declared
matrimonially ineligible? What would be done in the
way of restricting and controlling those to whom the
privilege of creating a domestic establishment had
been denied?
These are questions for the sociologist and the po
litical economist to answer to the satisfaction of the
great bulk of the people before such a law can be en
acted.
In my opinion It will take centuries of time to
reconcile the human race to the imposition of such
a restriction, and if by some accident this bill should
become a law the inevitable result will be a social
upheaval which will eventuate in the increase of
pauperism, crime and illegitimacy.
I am against the proposed law.
Man Is a chemical com-
pound, with a mentality
superadded. It is through
the perversion of the lat
ter factor that most of his evils arise, and from this
truly physiological and scientific standpoint, the idea
suggested by Senator Parker and embodied in his
bill is absolutely correct.
Man is frequently termed the superior animal, but
a close intimacy with his frailties fails at all times to
indorse this conclusion.
Standing in the relationship which the medical pro
fession does to mankind no false sentiment, no mis
taken leniency, must dictate, guide or influence in
any wise the physician's position as un instructor to
his lay brethren. * The reproduction of species has a
divine foundation for its existence, but with the great
mass of humanity the only portion of. the divine law
recognized is "Be fruitful and multiply," which com
mand is carried out with a blindness ai:d an ignor
ance which are truly lamentable.
If man's superiority does not entitle him to a per
fect offspring, both as an individual and a species,
then he had better sink his superiority and become
classified with the so-called lower creation, for there
in wi- fail to find the transgressions and resulting
evils which are apparently so persistently, so re
ligiously, so detrimentally adhered to by man him
self. . . .
"We accord to man. the element of mentality with
the qualifying attribute, sentiment an attribute for
which we have the most absolute and sacred respect;
but we could not justly permit sentiment to usurp
DR. D'EVELYN.
per day, so that their wages are $2 75
Per day. They are charged 75 cents
per day for board, the boarding houses
being run by the company, and the
men net $2 per day. The work is not
hard, and, though cold, one may keep
comfortable with wraps.
The ice harvesting season does not
last over eight weeks; but during this
time it gives employment to 500 men.
The ice plants do not all cut at one
time, for the reason that the ponds do
not freeze uniformly. Some with the
same degree of cold will freeze quick
er and deeper than others, owing to- va
riations in the exposure of their re<
spective positions and as to whether the
ponds are fed by the warmer waters
of the larger lakes; men, therefore,
move from place to place as work at
one place is finished and at another it
begins. Some plants cut two and even
three crops a season, but most of them
harvest but once, having storage ca
pacity for only one cut.
Ice at the storage houses is worth
$2 50 per ton, but in San Francisco it Is
THE PROPOSED OHIO LAW TO REGULATE MARRIAGE.
► TT shall be the duty of the Probate Judge in each county to appoint three persons, who shall be
I I reputable practicing physicians, and no two of whom shall belong to the same school of medicine,
X whose duty it shall be to consider and pass upon all applications for license to marry, and no
► license to marry shall be granted to persons contemplating marriage unless they shall have
► received a certificate setting forth that they are free from the following ailments: Dipsomania, true
£ insanity, hereditary insanity or ;nsanity resulting from vice, blood diseases, hereditary tuberculosis
► or consumption.
► Each applicant for a marriage license shall pay an examination fee of $2.50., Out of the moneys
•"received therefrom each member of the Examining Board shall be paid, as compensation for his
► services, the sum of $1000 per annum, and the surplus, if any, shall be paid into the treasury of
* the county to ths credit of the general fund.
that judgment which should certainly be exercised in
the fullest degree when the transmission of physical
legacies are under consideration.
The stockraiser, in his reproduction of the animals
whose characteristics he has fully studied, takes
means and uses precautions to prevent the accentu
ation of any degeneracy which may De recognized,
his object being to produce equal or superior off
spring, and not to initiate a series of retrogressive
products.
When by means of legislation, if possible, but cer
tainly by some method, the reproduction of the ani
mal man, who is supposed to be made after the
image of his Creator, when such metho<*s are applied
to the perpetuation of his offspring, then and not till
then can we hope to successfully stamp out the long
train of degeneration, popularly termed "disease,"
which has been accepted, so universal is its presence,
as man's birthright, not man's misfortune; for we
must recognize beyond question that mas:, as a physi
cal success, is in no wise coequal with his predeces
sors, either in stamina or in the period or longevity.
Marriage means reproduction and reproduction is
simply the resultant of the union of physical forces
forces which must of necessity imprint upon that re
sultant the essentials which enable their union to
vitalize their offspring. The object of this union
should be the production of animal perfection. If
their parents are not as perfect as natures laws de
mand, then the union should certainly be intercept
ed,-for we aim not at civilization's apparent wants
and not at society's demands, but at the most perfect
type of human development.
This is the goal to which the best efforts of science
and humanitarianism should press, for ihe.i
we can substitute this perfect product for the
puny offspring of pseudo-sentimentality, which has
only the outer semblance, the perfect type to recom^
mend it and which we denominate "man," more from
social courtesy and popular usage than from any
physical claim these degenerates may have to the
title.
In conclusion, I am pleased that legislation, through
the Ohio Senator, is giving its attention to a line of
action which has for its object the restoration of
mankind to his architype, which, as the consumma
tion of creation, places him only a little lower than
the angels.
Marriage should be the unification of two primarily
physically perfect prototypes of man and woman.
W. H. L, BARNES.
j ! sane, the epileptic, the con
sumptive comes through heredity. Such marriages
as are aimed at by the proposed Parker law ought
not to take place, and unless prevented by law will
occur.
Love laughs at disease as well as at locksmiths.
Therefore people who will not consider such condi-
retailed at 1 cent per pound, err $20 per
ton, whereby it may be observed that
the middleman harvests somewhat also.
; - ■ ; ■ ♦ . ■ ■.;';:
The street car struck the rear wheel
of the bicycle. The bicyclist described
a parabola and fell upon a pile of
brick. The bicyclist raised on one el
bow, reached back an arm toward a
rear pocket of ■ the knickerbockers and
collapsed.' insensible. A sergeant of po
lice . felt ; in his \ pocket and drew out a
silver cocktail flask g labeled, "J. 'J.
Jones,' No. 400 Bonton avenue." to
No. : 400 1 Bonton : avenue,'.', said the ser
geant to a police officer, ' "and t tell Mrs.
Jones that Mr. Jones has— "'The ser
geant paused and drew a hand mirror
from ;: the other . ; rear ? pocket ■'.; of the
knickerbockers. t. "Tell Mr. Jones that
Mrs. Jones . has " The druggist "who
was assisting: tickled the bicyclist's lip
.with a feather he was trying ; to burn i
.under.the nostrils. The bicyclist smiled
and < murmured, "Charlie!" "Tell Mr.
and ; Mrs. ; Jones ; that i Miss * Jones ' has
met .with . an ? accident."— Life.
It Is, I believe, pretty
■well established that a
large proportion of the in-
MOST SUCCESSFUL
of
LEGAL BURLESQUES
THE most successful legal bur
lesque ever perpetrated on bench,
bar or the public was the publica
tion in pamphlet form in ISTB of.
two fictitious cases purporting to
be genuine decisions from an Arizona
court.
In the prospectus which preceded the
cases, attention was called to the simi
larity of style and substance between
"the Arizona reports and those of the
court of last appeal in Pennsylvania.
The writer of these fictitious cases so
well concealed his identity that even to
this day his name has not been made
public. Some of the Justices of the
Pennsylvania Supreme Court took of
fense at what they termed an insult.
One in particular, Justice George
Sharswood, became exceedingly irate
over the insinuation and was about to
institute proceedings to discover the
identity of the culprit who dared draw
likenesses between the Arizona Judic
iary and Supreme Court of Pennsyl
vania and then punish him for con
tempt of court. At that time it was
thought that the decisions were bona
fide products of the Arizona judicial
mind. Justice Sharswood was prevent
ed from taking action, however, by sev
eral of his brethren who saw the hu
mor in the burlesque phase of the cases.
The first case is written in a puTely
philosophical style, with a terminology
which savors of Kant and Liebnltz. It
is as follows:
Silas Tomkins vs. The Commonwealth.
1. A defendant may be convicted of
murder by poisoning on an indictment
which charges a murder by a clasped
knife.
2. It Is no objection to a conviction
that it nowhere appears on the record
that the Judge before whom the case was
tried was duly commissioned by the Gov-
ernor.
3. It is not an error to asK a prisoner
when called up for sentence: "What he
has to say why judgment should not be
pronounced," etc.
4. The course of the administration of
criminal justice cannot be stopped for 6
cents.
The opinion of the Court was delivered
by Ayle, J.
The defendant below was found guilty
of the gratuitous murder of a mother and
her ten children under circumstances of
useless and offensive barbarity. We were
quite prepared to hear his counsel argu
ing that his conviction was erroneous and
their client innocent. It is always so in
aggravated cases. But with the inno
cence of Tomkins we. as a court of error,
have really nothing to do. Law Is the
hypothenuse of a right angle triangle of
which logic and moral philosophy are the
two other sides. Though it touches them
each at one point, its general direction is
quite distinct.
Mistakes will happen, of course, In our
judicial system, as accidents do on our
railways; but we can do without neither
one nor the other, Each usually carries
its passengers in safety, and when the
wrong man Is now and then hanged or
blown up he must console himself with
the reflection that he is a sacrifice to the
necessities of society.
The second case is true Arizona style
and smells of powder, the knife and the
tomahawk:
With the law of this case alone It Is
our province to deal. We find here the
usual parade of exceptions and points
and assignments of error and a paper
book encrusted with authorities like bar
nacles. Everything that the ingenuity of
i counsel could suggest has been done to
lifuse and complicate the decision of the
c, in the hope, perhaps, that the pris
x, concealed by the dust of argumenta-
B, might escape in a sort of legal dls
se. But the eyes of Justice are too
ck for that sort of thing and we. as
• ministers, will block any such gamo
hout remorse,
he plaintiff in error, in the first place,
nplains that he is charged, in the third
mt of the indictmrnt, with committing
alleged murder by means of a clasped
fe of the value of 6 cents, whereas the
'Of was that he destroyed his victims
strychnine infused In lager beer. We
>w nothing of this from the record.
c verdict was guilty on all the counts,
ich means that he killed the mother
tions should be made to consider them.
It would be wise legislation.
A law of the kind that
Parker is trying to intro-
REV. FATHER
PRENDERGAST.
duce would only result in
lying, perjury and corrup
tion. Besides, this thing of trying to improve the
race by legislation Is a mistake. The physical and
moral conditions that are beyond the reach of legis
lation.
Moreover, the basis of the proposed law is not sci
entific, or at least cannot be brought under the con
sideration and direction of science, for it is well
known that parents apparently delicate people have
sound and vigorous offspring, and on the othe*
hand that physical and intellectual weaklings are
sometimes born of physical and intellectual giants.
Finally, the right to enter the state of marriage is
a personal right, and secured to every man in the
constitution of the race, just as life, liberty and the
pursuit of happiness are recognized as primordial
rights in the constitution of the United States.
It is impossible to see how such a law could be
practically carried out without social stigma upon
names and families. It would be an outrageous pro
ceeding.
In some cases, such a*
dipsomania and insanity,
JUDGE JOHN HUNT.
the law would be a good
one, for it has been proven
that both these diseases are hereditary. -\ ' •-•..
But one of the list,* "all blood diseases," is a little
too sweeping. There are very few people who are
absolutely; free from some little blood trouble. If the
bill could be modified and enforced it would undoubt
edly do a great deal of good. ;""•«", " .'•"■• .'
The idea is an old one, dating back to Thomas
More's "Utopia." " ■ . >.; '.':■ ■
-..* * * *
To begin with, $2 50 for
the examination^ is too
much. The 'marriage too
The marriage Il
cense is only >$2 at pres
ent, and that, in my opinion, is $1 50 too. much. - .'.
CUPID DANFORTH.
Oh, the theory is all right. There is much to be ad
mired in the theory. But it will never get any far
ther than theory.
There are very few people absolutely free from
blood diseases, and any way peopte, in my opinion,
have a right to choose for themselves.
I hope the proposed law will never come out this
way. I should hate to lose my position as Marriage
License Clerk. In case California should adopt the
law I most assuredly would.
] and the children, or some of them, In
I some way; and this, for aught we caj^,
i tell, may have been both by the knife
j and the beer. There is nothing in tho
I law to restrict a man t6 one mode of
| homicide, as there is in respect to duplic
j ity in pleading. At any rate, it is a mat
i ter in which the commonwealth alone is
! interested, to the extent of the value of
; the knife as a deodand. We cannot stop
I the administration of justice for 6 cents.
Another objection urged to this convic
j tion is that it nowhere appears that the
judge who tried the case was duly com
: missioned by the Governor. Of some
things the court is supposed to be in pro
found ignorance until instructed by coun
sel; but this is not one of them. Whether
• or not we find time to read the elec
j tion returns, we are judicially bound to
! recognize the existence of our brethren of
i the inferior court.
The third error is somewhat more de-
I serving of consideration. The prisoner, as
appears by the record, was asked when
called up for sentence. "What he had to
say why judgment should not be pro
nounced," etc., instead of "Whether he
had anything to say," etc. The forms of
administration are doubtless the life of
the law. Except through them we have
no means of ascertaining the law itself.
A judge who should substitute his own
theories for received doctrines* would be
guilty of the grossest injustice to suitors
and the community. But we are unable
to discover in the present case any very
important variation from established us
age. It is true that the form used here is
rather abrupt and contains an Implied
sarcasm. Still the meaning was substan
tially conveyed and the ends of justice
sufficiently served.
In the case of Sargeant TB. Coffin, 12
Mass. 315, it was properly decided that an
' erection in a navigable river was a nui
sance; and in Smith vs. Mildmalse Adm.,
31 Ala. 410. it was held that notice to the
indorser of a note of its dishonor might
be waived. I need not refer to the rule In
Shelley's case, nor to the well-known
Woodworth Patent case of Wilson vs.
Barnum, 8 How. (U. S.). 253. These and
other decisions, which It would be mere
pedantry to cite, show that the. plaintiff in
error has no cause to complain of the
charge on the court.
The other errors are merely supernu
meraries, joined to the principal charac
ters in order to give them an air of ficti
tious importance on the stage. We shall
do the prisoner no wrong by disregarding
thorn. A criminal at his trial plays at
pitch and toss with the law for his life,
and, if he loses, he must pay the stakes.
It is too late to contest here the minor
points of the game which ought to have
been settled as it went on.
Judgment affirmed.
She Got the Best Eggs.
The other day a woman went into a
grocer's and said:
"I want three dozen hens' eggs. They
must all be eggs laid by black hens."
The grocer said: "Madam, lam will
ing to accommodate you, but you have
got the best of me this time. I don't
know how to tell the eggs of a black
hen from those of a speckled or a white
one."
She said: "I can tell the difference
mighty quick."
"If that is so, madam, will youkindly
pick out the eggs for yourself?"
She did so, and when the three dozen
were counted into her basket the grocer
looked at them and said, suggestively:
"Well, madam, it seems as though
the black hens laid all the big eggs."
"Yes," she said, "that's the way you
tell them."
"Now. Thomas," said a certain
Bishop, after taking his seat one
morning, "who is it that sees all we
do, and hears all we say. and knows
all we think, and who regards even mej^
in mv Bishop's robes as but a vile
worm* of the dust?" And Thomas re
plied "The missus, sir."— Tit-Bits.
He— lt makes me a better man every
time I kiss you. darling.
Sne _Oh, Harold, how good you ttiuit
be now!BOUQUETS AND BEETLES
MADE BY THE VOICE
EDISON declares, and his asser
tions are always the outcome of
scientific experiment, that it is
possible to photograph thoughts.
The conservative mind, how
ever, shrinks from contemplation
of the future time when such photo
graphy shall have been brought
When Jessie Barlbtt Davis sang "Oh, Promise Me 1 ' the tiny grams of
sand danced about until all the dark sand was gathered in .one spot and the
light-colored formed around it in small globues, the whole taking on the ap
pea:ance of a beautiful bouquet of flowers.
down to a practical plane and placed
■within the ruthless reach of the snap
shot nuisance, for it is to be feared"
that the revelations made by the un
compromising camera will occasion in
ternecine strife and discord such as
have never yet convulsed the civilized
L
We are able to do something at the
■:it day, though, without waiting
Rabbi Voorsanger's sonorous tones set tne tiny particles all a-tremble. He
spoke of the Maine, and when the vibrating sands rested the resulting picture
o >sea like a submarine explosion.
for the slow perfecting of scientists'
Inventions, which, if not quite so won
derful, is at least wonderful enough to
have made our forbears shivery with
suspicions of "black magic" had they
witnessed such a feat; and that is, we
can make accurate pictures of the hu
man voice.
It is true that the phonograph has
long been making records of the tones
Mrs. Louise Humphrey-Smith's voice produced a . delicately outlined
picture of a maple leaf.
Queer Outlines Formed by Tone
Vibrations on Talking op
Singing Into a Box.
of voices, but as it records them tan
dem fashion the result is not specially
pleasing. There Is nothing sentiment
ally attractive about a scrawling line
of semi-punctures like the tracks of a
disabled spider on warm wax, but our
youths and maidens instead of. in
hackneyed fashion, exchanging highly
I flattered photographs of themselves,
! can say sweet things into a simple lit
: tie instrument and then send to each
other the composite pictures of the
! different tones used in saying those
same sweet things, and in almost every
case the picture is as artistically beau-
I tiful as it is scientifically interesting.
To prove this statement before male
ing it I bore about with me for a sea
son during the past week a box of
curious appearance, which diverted the
lighter minds of .the community from
the study of the newspaper bulletins
to momentary speculation as to its use,
and my motive in loading myself down
with It and guarding it as the apple of
my eye. One side of the box was com
posed of a thin sheet of tightly
stretched white paper, which the light-
est touch would puncture, and this
paper and the circular hole before men
tioned transformed the chocolate box
into a. crude but thoroughly practical
and reliable vibration register.
"Talking is not my specialty," said
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department,
with a touch of grim humor as he ap
proached the queer little box.
I had scattered a mixed powder com
posed of black emery and cream-col
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
ored lycopodium on the paper top of
the apparatus, and then the Chief,
whose ringing voice means so much to
us when a conflagration threatens our
city, spoke the following words into
the circular aperture:
"What San Francisco needs at the
present time is a well-paid Fire De
partment and a week's steady rain."
While he spoke the powder behaved
in the most singular fashion, shivering
and jumping about as if bewitched,
and when he ceased it had resolved
itself into a series of black and cream
lines and waves and dots, which is an
excellent representation of an Egyp
tion scarabaeus.
Next I sought Mrs. Louise Hum
phrey-Smith, the well-known and
much-admired dramatic reader. Would
she speak a few words Into this mys
terious box? The whys and the where
fores having been explained, the lady
consented, and a very delicately out
lined picture of a leaf approaching in
form to the maple was the result of
this patriotic sentiment, spoken by a
feminine voice which is under perfect
control. "Should present events lead
to a war with Spain, we will all hasten
to uphold the honor of our country."
It was noticeable that in this case
the light and dark powders spread over
the paper with great evenness, the
light, however, coming to the top over
almost the entire surface.
Such was decidedly not the result
when Rabbi Voorsanger's sonorous
tones seemingly vivified the tiny par
ticles of mineral and vegetable matter.
There is something about the rabbi's
voice — the ideal pulpit voice — which
seems trumpetlike; it is so strong and
clear and far-reaching, and it sent that
powder all of a tremble, bringing the
heavy emery to the top and collecting
most of it at the end of the paper next
the opening through which he spoke.
"The explosion of the Maine," said
he, "is a calamity which the people of
this country greatly deplore."
I looked at the lines which his words
had made.
"A bit of algae fastened to a rock," I
declared.
"It looks more like a submarine ex
plosion," declared the rabbi.
And it does.
For the "orator of the day" T selected
General W. H. L. Barnes, whose elo
quent and impassioned, speeches have
given him such an enviable position in
law and politics.
Would he give me and my box a sen
timent in his best rostrum style? Cer
tainly he would. The sentiment was
worthy the speaker and the time.
"On this occasion," said he, "I can do
THE ANGEL
of
THE HOUSE
7 a. m.— Woke up feeling rather below
par, owing to disturbed rest. Hardly en
ergy enough to stretch myself. In the
middle of the night a strange man came
in by the kitchen window very quietly
with" a bag. I chummed up to him at
once. He was nice to me and I was nice
to him. He got me down a piece of
meat that I could not reach myself. While
I was engaged in this he took a whole
lot of silver things and put them into the
bag. Then as he was leaving, the brute
— I believe now it was an accident— trod
on my toe. making me yelp with pa.ni. I
hit him heartily, and he dropped his bag
and scurried off through the window
again. My yelping soon woke up trie
whole house, and in a very short time
old Mr. Brown and young Mr. Brown ap
peared. They at once spot the bag of
silver. They then declare I have saved
the house and make no end of fuss wuh
me. lam a hero. Later on Miss Brown
came down and fondled me lots, and
kissed me, and tied a piece of pink rib
bon round my neck, and made me look
like a fool. What's the good of ribuon, I
should like to know? It's the most beast
ly tasting stuff mere ever was.
'g;3o_Ate breakfast with difficulty. Have
no appetite.
B:3s— Ate kitten's breakfast.
B:36— An affair with the cat (the kit
ten's mother). But I soon leave her, as
the coward does not fight fair, using
claws.
9— Washed by Mary. A hateful busi
ness. Put into a tub and rubbed all over
—mouth, tail and everywhere— with nuny,
soapy water, that loathsome cat looking
on all the while and sneering In her
dashed superior way. I don't know I
am sure, why the hussy should be so con
ceited. She has to clean herself. I keep
a servant to clean me. At the same time
I often wish I was a black dog. They
ke^p clean so much longer. Every finger
mark shows up so frightfully on the white
rart of me. lam a sight after cook has
been stroking me.
9:3o— Showed myself in my washed state
to the family. "11 very nice to me.
Quite a triumphal entry, in fact. It is
simply wonderful the amount of kudos
I've got since that incident with the man.
Mips Brown (whom I rather like) partic
ularly enthusiastic. Kissed me again
and called me a "dear, clean, brave,
sweet-smelling little doggie."
9:4o— While a visitor was being let in at
the front door I
rushed out and had
the most glorious
roll in the mud. Felt
more like my old
self again.
9:45 — Visited the
family again.
Shrieks of horror on
seeing me caked in
mud. But all agreed
that I was not to be
scolded to-day, as I
was a hero (over
the man)! All, that
is, except Aunt
Brown, whose hand
for some reason or
other is always
against me — thought
nothing is too good
for the cat.
9:.% — Glorious
thought! Rushed
upstairs and- rolled
over and over on the
old maid's bed.
Thank heaven the
mud was still wet!
10:00 to I:oo— Dozed.
I:oo— Ate dinner.
I:ls— Ate kitten's
dinner.
I:2o— Attacked by
beast of cat again.
She scratched my
hind leg, and at
that I refused to go
on. Mem.: To take
it out of her kittens
later.
I:2s— Upstairs into
dining-room. Faml
ily not finished lun
cheon yet. Igo up
to Miss Brown and
look at her with my
freat pleading eyes,
guessed it; they
are irresistible. . She
gives me a piece of
pudding. Aunt
Brown tells her she
shouldn't. At which,
with great pluck.
Miss Brown tells
her to mind her own
Eugene Cowles with his deep, sonorous voice caused the powder on the
vibrator to dance in all directions at the same time. When he had finished
his work looked like the craters of the moon.
no better than repeat the toast given at
Norfolk in April, 1816, by Stephen
Decatur: 'Our country— ln her inter
course with foreign nations may she
always be in the right; but Our Coun
try, right or wrong!' "
The tones were strong and vibrant,
full of the true fervor which should
characterize such an utterance by an
American citizen, and on the sensitive
paper appeared a singular figure, close
ly resembling the famous "Crab Neb
ulae" in the constellation of Taurus,
discovered by Messier in 1731, and sep
arated into distinct jewels of light by
Lord Ross' telescope very many years
after.
To those who are aware of the gen
eral's fondness for astronomical re
search the coincidence seems little
short of marvelous.
That night the artist and I went be
hind the scenes at the Baldwin. I was
eager to picture some of the voices
which have gained the Bostonians
their world-wide and well-deserved
reputation.
I wish that together with the picture
of Jessie Bartlett Davis' lovely vel
vety voice I could give a picture of the
cantatrice herself, with her loosened
blonde hair, her perfect pr6file, and the
smile with which she made us welcome.
She would sing "O, Promise Me" into
my vibrator register? Certainly she
would. And so she sang that world
wide favorite, and as her rich, full tones
poured into the opening provided, the
powder was agitated into a thousand
different forms, which consolidated
themselves at the close mto the sim
ilitude of a beautiful bouquet of Cali
fornia flowers. Surely nothing could
have been more appropriate, more
lovely nor more pleasing.
Tom Barnabee was arrayed in all the
glory of the Duke of Santa Cruz's ele
gant raiment, but the kindly face sur
mounting that astonishing getup and
crowned with that unique picture hat
was genial Tom Barnabee's own, and
so was the voice in which he sang that
ever-popular "Dreaming, Dreaming,
Talking in My Sleep."
Whether Mr. Barnabee be posessed
of sporting tendencies or not is un
known to me, but certain it is that the
song made a perfect representation of
a greyhound's head for our edification,
and added a most striking picture to
our vocal art gallery.
Popular Eugene Cowles is of a scien
tific turn of mind, and withal of an
almost infinite amiability, as large men
are apt to be, and oh, wasn't he a pic
turesque figure in his brigand costume,
with his handsome eyes emphasized by
an artistic touch of shadow!
Certainly I saw Mr. Cowles at his
best, and that host was well worth re
membering "Down Deep Within the
Collar Here" was his selection, and his
magnificent basso filled even the chinks
of the over-full room with vibrations
which seemed to make our very hearts
beat in a sympathetic tremolo. Like
nothing which we had heretofore ob
tained was the picture spread before
us. Light and dark were curiously in
termingled, the light gathering to
gether near the singer and forming a
distinct body. It was a very clear and
accurate reproduction of one of the
plates published by the Lick Observa
tory of the crater of the moon.
"What does it all mean?" asked Mr.
Cowles, and I. not being truly, scien
tific, but only a dabbler in science, echo
his question.
FLORENCE MATHESON.
business. I admire that girl more and
more.
I:3O— A windfall. A whole dish of may
onnaise fish on the slali in the hall Be
fore you can say Jack Robinson 1 have
bolted It.
I:32— Curious pains in my underneath.
I:33— Pains in my underneath get worse
I:34— Horrid feeling of sickness
I:3s— Rush up into Aunt Brown's room
and am sick there.
I:37— Better. Think I shall pull through
if 1 am careful.
I:4o— Almost well again.
I:4l— guite well again. Thank heaven!
It was a narrow shave that time. Peo
ple ought not to leave such stuff about.
1:42— l T p into dining room. And to show
how well I am. I gallop round and round
the room at full pelt, about twenty times,
steering myself by my tail. Then, as a
grand finale, I jump twice on to the
waistcoat part of old Mr. Brown, who is
sleeping peacefully on the sofa. He
wakes up very angry, Indeed, and orders
Miss Brown to beat me. Miss Brown
runs the burglar for all ho is worth But
no good. Qld Mr. Brown Is dead to all
decent feeling. So Miss Brown beats me
Very nice. Thoroughly enjoyable. Just
like being patted. But of course I yelp
and pretend it hurts frightfully, and do
the sad eye business, and she soon leaves
off. and takes me into the next room and
gives six pieces of sugar. Good bus
iness. Must remember always to do
this.
2 to 3:ls— Attempt to kill fur rug in back
room. No good.
3:15 to 3:4s— Sulked.
3:4G— Small boy comes in and strokes me.
I snap at him. I will not be every one's
plaything.
3:47 to 4— Another attempt to kill rug.
Would have done it this time had not that
odious Aunt Brown come in and inter-
CHINESE STUDENTS GO INSANE
DURING A RIGID EXAMINATION.
Nearly 14,000 Competitors Were
Locked Up in Little Cells
for Three Weeks-
SIX men were carried out dead and
two others went raving mad at Can
ton, China, recently, as the result of
their struggles at the examination
to secure the honor of Xii Yin,
which is equivalent to the degree
of master of arts in an American univer
sity.
There were 13,600 competitors, all sin
tsais, or bachelors of art. Only eighty
could hope to secure preferment. The
number of those who have died or gone
mad during the ordeal of examination is
not large, comparatively. One year thirty
six died and six became crazy. The ex
amination Is triennial. It lasts three
weeks.
Li Hung Chang, of peacock feather and
yellow jacket honors, began his career of
fame as a student at one of these ex
aminations. Success in them means the
opening of a brilliant career to the Chi
nese student, no matter how poor he is.
Rev. F. J. Masters, who formerly re
sided in China, describes some peculiari
ties of the triennial contest for scholas
tic honors. The contestants are locked
up in narrow cells. Men drop dead in
such cells every third year, in all the
provincial capitals of the empire. Hun
dreds of thousands of scholars are con
tent to dig and grind for long years, to
endure great privations, to travel long
distances at their own expense, to try and
fall and to try again, because this is the
only road to intellectual eminence, official
rank and national renown. This competi
tive system came into vogue in China
nineteen centuries ago.
There are primary schools in every Chi
nese village, which are supported by the
parents of the children. They are ex
clusively for boys. The schoolroom is a
spare hall in the village ancestral tem
ple or a room in a private house, at one
end of which is the shrine of Confucius,
before which the pupils must bow three
times. Among the tasks imposed upon
the pupils is acquiring knowledge of the
40,000 characters found in Khang Hi's dic
tionary, no two of whicn are formed
alike. The pupil begins work at R a. m.,
takes a recess at 10 for breakfast, and
then studies without intermission until
4 p. m. He has to study "the thousand
character classic" and the classic on
Filial Piety. I'ntil he is 9 or 10 years
old he is taught nothing and receives
nothing but strokes.
Later he ' learns the meaning of the
strokes, their root and combination and,
little by little, he is able to take in the
profundities of Chinese moral philosophy
and to try his hand at prose composition
and. that acme of all scholarship, anti
thetical couplets.
At the age of 16 a lad who shows apti
tude for study is sent to one of the higher
grade schools, where he prepares for his
degree, conferred by the Government no
DAY'S DOINGS,
From the Diary
OF A PUPPY
fered. I did not say anything, but gave
such a look, as much as to say "I'll do
for you one day." I think she under
stood.
4 to 5:15-Slept.
s:ls— Awakened by bad attack of ec
zema.
5:20 to 5:30— Slept again.
s:3o— Awakened again by eczema
Caught one.
6:30 to 6— Frightened canary by staring
greedily at it.
6:00— Visited kitchen folks. Boned some
bones.
t;:l."i— Stalked a kitten In kitchen pas
sage. The other little cowards ran away
0:20 — Things are looking brighter.
Helped mouse escape from cat.
6:3o— Upstairs, pass the drawing-room
Door of old Mrs. Brown's bedrunm
opened invitingly. I entered. Never been
in before. Nothing much worth having
Ate a few flowers out of a bonnet!
Beastly.
7:oo— Down to supper. Ate It, but with
out much relish. I am off my feed to
day.
7:15 — Ate kittens' supper. But I do wish
they would not give them that eternal
fish. I am getting sick of it.
7:25 — Nasty feeling of lassitude comes
over me, with loss of all initiative, so I
decided to t.ike things quietly and lie
down by kitchen fire. Sometimes I think
I am not the dog that I was.
8:00— Hooray! Appetite returning.
8:01 — Ravenous.
8:05 — Nose around the kitchen floor and
glean a bit of onion," an Imitation tor
toise-shell comb, a shrimp (almost en
tire), an abominably stale chunk of bread
and about half a yard of capital string.
S:30 — If one had to rely on other people,
one might starve. Fortunately In the hall
I happened on the treacle pudding, and I
get first look In. Lap up the treacle, and
leave the suet for the family.
S:4o— Down to the kitchen again. Sit
by the fire, and pretend I don't know
what treacle Is like. But that vile cat
is there — and I believe she guesses — keeps
looking around at me with her hateful,
superior look. Dash her, what right has
she got to give herself such airs? She's
not half my size and pays no taxes.
Dash her smugness. Dash her altogether.
The sight of her maddens me— and when
her back Is turned I rush at her and bite
her. The crafty coward wags her tail,
pretending she likes it, so I do it again,
and then she rounds on me and scratches
my paw viciously, drawing blood and
making me howl with pain. This brings
Miss Bmwn down in a hurry. She kisses
me. tells the cat she is a naughty cat
(I'd have killed her for it), gives me some
sugar and wraps the paw up in a bread
poultice. Lord, how that girl loves me!
q.iiA^ -Ate the bread Doultice
Thus ends another
derned dull day.
The greatest foun
tain in the world
•was turned on re
cently at Indianapo
lis, Ind., and permit
ted to flow for an
hour. It is one of
the cascades, now in
course of construc
tion at the base of
the Soldiers' monu
ment. The flow of
water measures ful
ly up to the contract,
which calls for 7000
gallons a minute at
each of the two cas
cades as a regular
thing, with a capac
ity under high pres
sure, however, that
is much greater. The
combined capacity
of the world-fam
ous fountains of
Versailles, hitherto
the largest in the
world, is SO.OOO gal
lons an hour.
The Lombard y
poplar tree, it is
said, forms a splen
did natural lightning
conductor, its great
height and lack of
spreading branches
enabling it to con
duct a lightning
stroke straight
downward, rfo
house near which
one of these trees
has been reared has
as yet been known
to Buffer from the
severest storm*
college or university in China having a
faculty for granting academical honors.
Wealthy young men sometimes engage a
private coach and retire to some solitude
amid such scenes as inspired the minds
of their sages and poets. A high official
of State, called the Literary Chancellor, is
sent down to the different district cities
like our county towns — to conduct the ex
aminations for sin tsai or flowering tal
ent, equivalent to our A. B. ; the first of
which is held in the city hall or yamen.
On the day appointed the candidates are
searched and the detection of the least
scrap of paper, "pony" or other help dis
qualifies him from taking his seat.
When the roll is called the doors are
shut»and bolted and all ingress or egress
is Impossible till the task is done. The
themes are taken from the writings of
Confucius and are written on a board in
full view of the candidates, who write es-
W. H. L Barnes with his eloquent voice caused the particles to form into
a figure resembling the famous crab nebulae of the constellation Taurus.
says about 600 characters in length, and
an original poem of twelve lines and five
characters to each lire. At the expiration
of the allotted time the papers are handed
in and the results are posted up on the
yamen wall. The survivors of this test
appear again for another examination and
segregation until the list of candidates
has shortened to a few hundred. Then
comes the final test before the prefect,
when the student is required to write "the
Sacred Edict of Khang Hi," the slightest
omission being sufficient to cancel the ex
cellence of his preceding labors.
At last the lists are out, the successful
When Chief Sullivan spoke the black and yellow powder danced about
and finally resolved itself into a series of lines that could be nothing but the
representation of an Egyptian scarabaeus.
student is entitled to wear a button to his
hat, and turns his attention to the next
prize. If he is content with a life of teach
ing he will settle down as a simple A. 8.,
but if he would become a high official and
one of the country gentry he must take
the degree of Xii Yin. These examina
tions are held every three years in the
provincial capitals of the empire.
The examination hall of Canton con
tains 10,000 brick cells, arranged rectan
gularly and is one of the sights of the
Tom Barnabee's rich voice had the effect of producing a perfect repre
sentation of a greyhound's head.
place. Each cell Is about five feet by
three and provided with three boards that
do duty for table, desk and bed. The ex
aminers appointed by the Emperor first
go through the ceremony of "washing the
heart" at the temple of Perfect Justice,
and then stubbornly refuse to hold com
munication with any one.
On the morning appointed, the students,
in their light blue gowns, begin to arrive,
carrying bedding and food for two dnys.
Their baskets, blankets, clothes— even
their queues— are searched, and woe be
to the luckless fellow caught smug
gling the least scrap of printed paper.
He is simply thrown out. and may think
it good fortune if he is not sentenced to
wear, the heavy kangue, or wooden collar.
For the first examination two days are
allowed. Themes are selected from the
Lun Yu or Confucian Analects: the Doc
trine of the Mean, the Great Learning,
and the Book of Mencius, upon which he
is required to write three essays of 1000
words each and a short poem. On com
pletion of the set time a cannon booms,
the doors are thrown open and the candi
dates pass out. After a day's recess a
second examination is held, the subjects
selected being the Five Kings or classics,
being compilations by Confucius of the
works of ancientpCings and sages. The
final test consists of catching questions in,
political economy, history and general lit*
erature.
From the city wall you can count the
long rows of cells, and with a spyglass
can even see the men at work. After
each examination the papers undergo a
preliminary inspection, and any defects
of caligraphy— a rent, a blot, an erasure
or the slightest clerical error — throw the
man out, whatever may be the literary
merits of the composition. "I remember
once," said Mr. Masters, "seeing the
names of seventy-one slovens posted up
in Canton, with the disgrace-bearing
mark of the blue pencil attached." The
surviving manuscripts are handed to a
buard of copiers, who make a fair copy of
each paper In red ink. These copies, with
a norn de plume to conceal the writer's
identity, are the only papers that come
before the examiners. They divide the
work between them, making segregations
again and again till about 1000 survive,
and these are submitted to the imperial
commissioners, with whom the final dccl-
sion rests.
Great is the rejoicing of the lucky
scholar who finds his name among the
eighty winners.
2122
Personal News from along the Coast
a , n , Mrs, D. W. Lubeck
;*Afotol[p*-
evening last to the fol
lowing teachers, ex-teachers and school trus
tees Professor ' and Mrs Mackay **?«%*
and Mrs. Shane. Mr. and Mrs. W. B Lardner.
Mr. and Mrs. P. D. Martin. Mr. and Mrs. A
R Tabor Miss Somers, Miss Skinner. Miss
Hector, Miss Curler, Miss Starbuck. Miss Nor
ton Miss Crosby. Miss Sander and Miss Burns.
! District Attorney Chamberlain, E.F: »V right
and F. S. Roumage were- In San inraiicUco
dl n V the Lubeck. t J. Nichols 'and- J. O,
Hawver w<-re among those who attended the
Mining Fair this week. > K?.i . •
The Misses Burns qf Sacramento are visiting
the Misses Breslln. - ■ •
" pr and Mrs. W. W. Ward of Woodland vis
ited relatives here this week. ' ,
Mrs. J. G. "Donaldson Is vlsltlng>at rrlnce
"wtlllam Miller from Indiana Is visiting his
WOliam Miller from Indiana Is visiting nis
nncle. A. C. Keeler.
Jesse Blair of Rosevill^has located In Au-
Miss Nellie Breslin is confined to her home
by Illness. _ ■
A. N. Hoffman Is down from Penterville.
called here by the Illness and death of his
sleter-in-law, and the illness of his brother.
A. M. Hoffman.
' :"• «tt> it, '*> nif Mrs. W. P. Na6h of
- •-" • IhW KF-^nfolWu Boston is here on a
.: 7lUA3jh'.«sliv)lilNHwlß visit to her brother,
- ' . ;'T •' Solomon Jewett.
Joseph Moreljr and Miss Eva Colton were
married Tuesday evening. February 22, at St
'■ Paul's Church. It was one of the prettiest
Billet weddings of the season. Miss Maud Met
calf and Miss Lydta Coltfen were bridesmaids.
A host or friends wish them happiness and long
life. •
■■■ J. r>. and J. W. MoCord of Kings County
are among the visitors this week.
-F. :W.: W. Robinson, Robert Hale and Charles
: Bear made a flying trip to Los Angeles last
week.
Mrs. 1 A. Pauly has returned to her home In
Tehachapi, after a visit to her son, Leo G.
Pauly of Kern.
• Mrs. Coulter and niece. Miss Johnson, are
rVisltiug In Los Angeles.
' Miss Alice Broom left for a two weeks' visit '
to Lob Angeles Wednesday night.
Dr. William B. May, district passenger agent
of th« Southern Pacific, arrived In town Fri
day. ■ ■
■ A. F. Stoner and John Augsbury were In
Hanford last week.
Born,. In Kern City, to Mr. and Mrs. F. S.
Knowlton. a son.
Miss Clara Dickman of Merced came down to
. attend the funeral of her father, Peter Dick
man. which took place from the Congrega
tional church Sunday afternoon.
_■ Born. in Bakersfleld, February 19, to Mr. and
Mrs! C. L. White, a son. <* • '.
A. A. Cußhman is in Los Angeles.
• A. H. Mixer Is here again looking after the
" .fruit business.
i : The cotillon given by the Woman's Club
Tuesday evening, February 22, was one of the
■ most enjoyable and successful of the series
.'given this season.
■_ .fT v. <. Mrs. Richard Bayne
j .< (b©iliJ'.3l *• has returned to the
I . .-> i -' city.
Attorney Milton Shep
ardson was In Arbuckle the past week.
: : Mrs. J. E. McVey of Alton was In town
Wednesday.
: Mr. and Mrs. Albert de L'.gne of Sacramento
' are visiting their parents, Judge and Mrs. J.
B. Moore.
■ : J. H. Kearth is out surveying beyond Wil
liams. . ;-■>'-.
Rev; James Cope has returned to Santa Rosa.
Mrs. Dr. Austin of San Francisco has been
Tislting her sister, Mrs. C, B. Morrison, near
Arbuckle.
:T. F. Phillips, Mat Phillips and H. S. Green
were in Colusa the past week from Arbuckle.
. ; Donald R. Green Is home on a visit from
, college at Sacramento.
-•Professor Watson of Sacramento was here
last Tuesday.
; The Colusa banker, W. P. Harrington, is
home again.
i-Tennant Harington returned from the city
Wednesday. -
"Mlss'Laura Allen went below Tuesday.
• : Hon. Henry Eckle was In town Tuesday.
: .Hon. -William Ash was In town Wednesday.
: Supervisor Felts was in town Monday.
'. Supervisor. Laugenour of College City was
.' t'n lawn." the- past week.
•_,.• Miss Gertie Hourchlm returned to Maxwell
■"'Sunday. - - -, '.
. Miss. Lovle Ford returned from Maxwell to
! College City Sunday.
" Miss Pollard of Colusa Is in San Fran
cisco. -• ' ' ■'. • : " ,
' Attorney. Edwin Swlnford has returned from
WlHows.; ' •'",■
our school had an entertainment of music
and speeches on th<; £M. A portrait of Hon.
AY. S. Green, was presented by Colonel John
T. Harrington, to be hung in the High School
building. Patriotic «ongs wers sung and each
pupil quoted, some words of great and patri
otic American statesmen.
11 y\~~J&. The week has been
■ <]li)®llM(3t'lIpB»' quite gay here despite
■^.' '■ . ■ ■ • '- . the feeling- of trepida
.'•"'■'■■ . ■ ' .' tion regarding the out
come of the Maine affair that has pervaded
everything.. . Tuesday— Washington's Birthday—
a party consisting of Mrs. Stone and her San
Francisco friends, who are staying here, drove
up the, -Carmel Valley to the Laurellas Rancho
and spent the day In the woods,, taking lunch
eon In the country style at the ranch house.
Other picnic parlies have also occurred dur
ing the we«k. i". '-,. v "-. "■
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope, returned to
San Francisco 'Wednesday. . ■
, Chris Buckley, the San Francisco politician,
•pent a portion of the we^k at. Del Monte. - :
The Minneapolis Journal party arrived here
Sunday and left again on Monday. They were
driven around' the famous cypress drive and
.. were profuse in their expressions of admira
tion for its beauties. - .
••.The first Raymond excursion of the season
! arrived here Thursday at 1:40 p. m. About 100
people comprised the party and they, together .
" \vlth the large number of guests already here,
have quite filled the main portion of the house
The rain which came down In such torrents
• on Thursday morning, spoiled many plans for
out -of door sports that day, but was none the
"less ■welcome to all.
• Several family parties have arrived here this
week to remain for a long period. Indeed,
from', present indications, the Lenten season,
•• 'K4il.cn- began Wednesday, will be a gay one at
' this pleasant hostelry.
■•" Some of -the arrivals for the past week are:
John McAdoo. San Francisco; Mrs. Theodore
Cha<<e, .- Boston ; M. Codman, Massachusetts;
• George A." Pope, Mrs. George A. Pope. J. B.
Ogborn. Louise M. Lent, G. O. Martell, San
Francisco ;.Lewfs M. Wisier, Mrs. Wister, Mrs.
H. B: Hayward. Philadelphia; George Y. Bol
• lenger,- C. J. Martin, J. D. Mackenzie. San'
.Jose; John F. Turner and wife, John Turner,
. . Josephine Clark. Boston; Herbert R. Baker,
•Ban Francisco; Mrs. O. >.'. Stewart. Miss Mac
.Donald. Alex- MacDonald, New York; R. R.
Hoge. Portland; E. O. Excelle and wife.
Charles . H. Gabriel and wife, Miss Gabriel.
Chicago; Mrs. Moses Hopkins, Mrs. Howard R.
• Benedict. New York; Guy Francis, Mr. and
Mrs. 'Charles A. Laton, W. H. Palmer, San
Francisco; H. O. Parker and. family, S. H.
Woodrow and wife, Chicago; Paul B. Gaylord
' and wife, Denver; Harry E. Hayward. Phila
. delphia; Mrs. Robert Mackenzie. Mr. and
Mrs. .Edward Ja<iues Hufford. Mrs. Alex Hey
nemann. San Francisco; Miss K. V. Curry.
New York; M. L. Copps, U. S. X.; Mrs. H. W.
. Blake. Anson S. Blake and wife, R. P. Blake.
Berkeley; E. G. Davis and wife. Boston; P. X
Bowrinque and- wife. E. A. Hortenstein and
wife.-. Miss Belle Dunbar. Salt Lake City:
"Michael Cudahy, E. I. Cudahy. Chicago; C. A.
Buckley -and wife, San Francisco;- Dr. D. Ho
gle, London: L. Ki'.liam. Boston: H. J. Levy
' and wife. New York; Fred O'Neill, London;
C. R. Bacon and wife. New York; A. W. War
nock and wife, MJss 1.. S. Gillette, Mrs. Adeline
Brundage, Mrs. X. P. Whiting. Mrs. L. T.
Bowie. J. S. McLain and wife, Minneapolis?
W. McMurray and wife. San Francisco; 'Mrs.
A. E. "Merrill. Minneapolis; Dr. J. C. Perry,
tl. S. N.; S. H. Hutchlnson, Omaha: Mrs. E.
and Miss E. Forck, Charles E. Forck. Phila
delphia: Mr. and Mrs. H. O. I'enlck. Iowa;
George F. Glaser, Denver; C. F. Thompson,
Minneapolis; Mrs. A. B. Carey and maid. Miss
Julia Butler, Lexington, Mass; Benjamin Page.
.Plttsburg: Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Bernard. Grand
Rapids,- Mich. J. W. H. James, C. E., London-
Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Buell. Miss M. V. Buell
Miss K. B. Buell, Vermont; Miss Palmer,
Lovell and maid. Mrs. H. Palmer Lovell. Lon
don; A. Ferarl, Miss Lillian Smith. Herbert L.
Smith, Mies Frances Smith, Philadelphia; E.
P. Sawyer and wife, Phil EL Sawyer and wife.
Mrs. C. C. Chase, child and nurse. G. W.
Gates and wife, Mrs. Ada Oatee. Oshkosb, Wls •
H. D. Crunk. R. S. Field. Chicago; H. d'
Smith. O. S. Richardson, Pittsburg. *
*f ■■■'--^rtfi t Rev. E. J. H. Van
Qjjiibm vatey ***<■"* is visiting San
> • A. Cooper, . the as
■ayer, has gone to San Francisco.
James Watt and wife have gone to San Fran
cisco on a pleasure trip. . .
John Warne Is seriously ill with pneumonia.
R. J. Ryan, who came up from San Fran
cisco to attend the funeral of his. mother. Mrs.
Mary Ryan, has returned to San Francisco.
Mrs. Julia Rose, wife of Frank Rose. Mrs.
Mary Brings and George D. Roberts died here
this week.
■William Campbell has gone to Australia on a
•hort trip. :-■.■■_ .
8. Granger has returned from San Fran
cisco. ■' '
Perley Brown and John Cooley have left for
the Klondike.
Senator W. F. Prislt, who has been visiting
the State Institutions, has returned.
Mrs. Smitten and daughter, Miss Lucille,
have gone to San Francisco.
Mrs. S. Wolfe and Miss Miriam Wolfe'
mother ' and ■ sister of Mrs. Joseph Welsbein,
are visiting here. • . :■?-. ■■
Mrs. Peter Johnston has gone to Sacramento.
James L. Scanlon has returned from a visit
to Tuolamne County.
William Miner is reported to be seriously ill
with an affection of the lungs. •
'THI '/$* II -A large number of
«MS^lM*-- «
*iis hoijK on Tuesday
evening to. give him a farewell greeting i revi
oiif to Ms departure on Thursday ,uorui.;>; for
the Alaska' gold fields.
W. W.- Pfahler and family and Mies Florence
Steward of San Diego arrived In Hanford this
week, and will .make this city their home.
Mr. Pfahler has accepted a position 'on the
Sentinel. -
A Washington social- was given at the home
of Mr. .and Mrs. Wright on Irwln street on
Tuesday evening by the ladies of the.M. E.
church. A programme of vocal . and ' Instru
mental music, recitations, etc.. . was | ren
dered; and refreshments were served during the
course of the evening. , •■'.'■
H. B. 'Woodward of Selma and Mrs. .S. Booth
of Hanford were married In this city this
week. Rev. Mr. Parks performed the ceremony.
An afternoon tea was given by the Ladles'
A.id Society of the Presbyterian chtir^n on
Tuesday at the home of Mrs. Charles King. ■
Mr. arid Mrs. George Tilton, the newly mar-
couple, have returned from San Francisco,,
whither they went to enjoy their honeymoon.
, The funeral services of the late George
Duvall,' brother of J. J. Duvall, principal of
GratiKevllle . public schools, took , place at 1
o'clock In the Masonic loctgeroom of . this city.
Interment In Hanford Cemetery. "« -
C. A. Menafee, who has been sojourning In
Mexico for the past year, is visiting fricrras in
this vicinity. *
f(il rfff '■■' «""■•" ' Miss Sarah Graves of
-.lULvt £<<Hf^»W Santa Cruz has been
••UU©Uu'nyll(2lir«» the guest of her sister,
fr Mrs. Fred Sherman.
Hon. Jesse D. Carr of Salinas was in town
the past week.
Mr. and Mrs. .Charles N. Hawkins visited
Monterey last week.
R. M. Shackleford of Paso Robles was In.
town this week.
. James. F. Dunne has been down from San
Francisco for a short stay..
Mrs. James Kearney is home from San Fran
cisco. . ; ■■.
Charlie Pairs was over from Capitol* this
week renewing old acquaintances.
Mr. Yoell of San Jose was In town this week.
Frank Shore and Miss Mattie Bonnell were
married the 16th Inst. Mr. and Mrs. Shore are
at present in Los Angeles. IQgH
Mrs. Ringol has returned from San Fran
cisco.
■ E. G. Holmes of New Idria has bought the
Judge Breen residence and . his family Will
shortly come here to remain.
The news of the death this week in San
Francisco of Mrs. Crepln, wife of Dr. Crepin,
formerly of Hollister, was received with great
est sorrow by her many friends here.
G. M. Foote has gone to Yreka.
Mies Nonle Lahlff has gone to San Francisco
1 to pursue her musical studies.
fWT f\, . JJ>- ' Miss I. Kerr, who hut
"* Oii&^V&.rcii'O ♦ been visiting Miss N.
"•""/ cJ Stanton during the past
week, has returned to
her home In San Francisco.
H. Needle and V. Davidson of. Sun Ramon
Bpent Tuesday with friends. i^njSHyTJHl 1
Miss H. Bryant of San Jose Is on a visit to
hjr sister. Mrs. J. J. Rose.
, Mr. P. Crosby and wife of Centervillo were
en a visit to friends here. ' .
Vos. F. Bolllnger and Miss Sarah E. Hamp
ton, br.th of this place, were united In mar
; riage by Rev. T. S. Wallis.
B. Lee, who sprained his ankle about two
weeks ago. Is getting on nicely.
1 A soi! was born to the wife of William Sex
ton.
A N. McConagy of Oakland was h-re on a
visit to frlneds.
Ed Leake of Santa Clara spent a day here
with friends.
V. McCarthy of Oakland was visiting rel i
tlves here during the past few drys.
V. O. Callahan of San LeanJra was here o>:
a sojourn for his health.
V. Strowbrldge wa's suddenly taken ill
Wednesday. His condition is bald to be pre
carious
M. Thomas will depart in a few days for St. :
Michael, Alaska. .
M. P. Scott, who has been seriously 111 for 1
the past two months, Is still very sick, al
though he is much improved.
2' j ,aT 'D. Crosby of San
TTfyprTMoluWTl * ' Francisco visited raya
uWU T3 U^ / tlves in town Sunday.
» .. Mr. and Mrs. .C. H.
Sage spent Sunday In San Francisco.
George A. Cash drove up to the soda springs,
above Alum rock, Sunday. v
• Miss Shaw has returned to her home in Los
Gatos. - 'viS* :%i.i-
W. G. Lowry of San Francisco" wwats t in town
Saturday. ' *•■
rt tt o Henry' Glmball - ■ re
•^ fivrtl 11 ©»• turned from San Fran
"* ■^Uyi-UIU y>" Cisco on Tuesday, hav
~~'.{\ ■'■'■ ing been called there
on account of the death of "his sister.
Adam Brehm came up from San* Francisco
the first of the week - after a few days' visit
there.
Mrs. M. Hamilton Is recovering from a se
vere illness.
Postmaster H. S. Clark Sr. has been visiting
with relatives in San Francisco.
R. M. Russia was in San Francisco this week
on business. -' ■
J. D. Huffman has bern in the Golden Gate
city this week as a county delegate to the
Free Market Convention. ,
Miss Annie Teeklenherg returned to Stockton
Monday, after a few days' visit with her. par
ents here.
Dr. C. H. Gordon is able to be out again
after a dangerous Illness.
T. R. - Lillie, Lodl'B famous bicyclist, who
made the record across the continent In 1593,
expects to leave for further adventure's shortly,
this time in Alaska, .- v .
HERE'S THE WAY TO DO THE "SPIDER AND THE FLY" TRICK.
THE ILLUSION EXPLAINED.
This is one of the most interesting of
the series of tricks which depend upon
mirrors. '.
When the curtain rises the scene
shows a gentleman's country housfe
set .upon -the embankment and ' sur
rounded by grass plats and shrubbery.
This is painted scenery such as is visu
ally used in theaters, says Magic. The
house is approached by a set of stone
stop,-* which ar? ' built out from the
scene proper, or, in other words, the
drop. : These are what is . known in
theatrical parlance as "practical"
steps; that is, they may be ascended.
The steps are incased by side walls,
and these walls are ' surmounted by
vases of flowers and handsome lamp,
posts. The steps lead to the doorway
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
A. E. Perclval visited In Stockton the first
of the week. ' ■ "
Mrs. E. Deaver has been visiting during the
past week with' her mother, Mrs. J. Graham,
.near New Hope.
Mrs. D. Goodsell. a former resident, now of
Byron, visited with old friends In town during
the week. • '
Miss Marietta Wltte spent Sunday with
Stockton friends.
Miss Annie Cope Is visiting with relatives
near Burson.
Attorney W. C. Green was in Stockton on
legal business this week.
tA & . Miss Stella- Odell
' 3 * came over from Salinas
iJM^^u^u j Tuesday for a i few
• days 1 stay in Monterey.
David Rodrlck of Berkeley is in town this
■week. ,• ,
8.. M. Duarte of Monterey has Just received
his appointment as United States Fish Com
'mlssloner for this district.
Alfred O. Parkin arrived here Tuesday from
the East. He will remain some time in Monte
rey. -
The Montereyans who have started for the
Klondike during the past week are: J. B.
Capp, F. P. Nason, A. Cashing, Harry Roland.
John Pfelffer, J. S. Metteer and Frank. Car
mlchael. ' „ . '
Mrs. G. B. Stenhouse (nee Escobar) of Los
.Angeles Is the guest of her mother for several
weeks. . . * - ' ■ _,' •
Grand Dictator P. L. Archibald of San Fran
cisco arrived here - Wednesday on an official
visit to C. H. CUrry Lodge No. 4121, Knights of
•.Honor. ; " . . ■ •*■..„ „" ' '
Mr. and Mrs. George Tewkesbury of San Ra
fael are visiting Monterey friends.
John Sykea, the artist, has returned to
Monterey after an absence of several years.
Fred Widemann of Gonzales spent a few days
of the past week in town.
. Mia* Lou Henry and Mips Tubbs came down
from Stanford to spend Monday and Tuesday
with Miss Henry's parents here.
Colonel Alfred Walker Jones arrived homo
from New York on Wednesday.
T. J. Field gpenta portion .of the week In
Salinas. .
J. W. H. James-, a railroad expert from Lon
don, England, arrived in Monterey Wednes
day and. is at : Hotel del Monte. He is hero to
examine into the Monterey-Fresno Railroad
project. " "'""■_ ■ ■ ■ ;'.'.-.?..'.'•■; '.'.- .?. .'.'•■
M ■ "• «.rin Will Bowen Visited
••/^UnMifw^^ 1 U>» his , sister, Mrs. John
i W^ v Vj/ViiUUQS Long, at Stockton.
• ' , : i, Boy Shea of. Oakland
is visiting his aunt, Mrs. J. H. " Shaffer. *
•■Nat" Wright has gone to San Francisco to
receive medical treatment.
W. W. Shaffer and family have gone to San
Francisco to reside permanently.
Mrs. Richard -Belcher and children and Mrs.
E. B. Hornung visited at the bay.
Samuel B. Stoy of Portland, visited his
father. Rev. W. H. Stoy.
M. A. Nurse, engineer of the Board of Pub-,
lie Works, was here from Sacramento . to in
spect the river cut-off.
Walter Thompson of San Francisco" visited
his sister, Mrs. V. L. Earnshields.
Miss Jessie Bozarth visited Miss Annie Duke
of Sacramento. • ■','•■'•■ ' •
Miss Mattle Halford visited at San Francisco.
A. C. Baungartner, manager of the ■ Marys
vllle cannery, has gone East on business.
Ben Kreha.and* wife of Live Oak visited at
San Jose. ■ ■ ••-.-
■ Attorney Smith of San Jose, who was here
on business, has returned home.
School Superintendent Black of San Francisco
was here to attend the funeral of Captain A.
H. Wilbur, also W. .D. llaslan, ■ a banker of
Santa Cruz. .' •' -• : '•- - : --. -. . •
Ross McAmie and wlf», John Trayner, Zan
Prey and Richard' Belcher are home .from the
bay. . . ...,.•".- . .' '■ \ .
In honor of ■ her cousin, MJfs Isabelle ,Mo-
Corkle, who is here from Evansville, Ind., on
a visit. Miss Mattle Craddock 'pave a pleasant
party Friday . evening, the lSth lnsf. There
was dancing, • music, games, and other amuse
ments. Those present were: . Miss -McCorkle,
Miss Rea of Gllroy, Miss Shepard, Miss Swain,
Miss Cutter, .Miss Carden.- Miss Chandon, Miss
Coombs. Miss ' Featherly, Miss ' Boyd, Miss
Craddock, ■ Judge S and ' Mrs.' Craddock and
Messrs. Carden, ; Swain, ■■ Swezy, Davenport,
Raish, Monnet, Aaron,' J. K. O'Brien, Watson,
Boyd and Dunning Rldeout.
Charles W. Peck" fif this city and Miss Annie
F. Brownell of Petaluma were married here c-n
the ICth inst., Rev. T. J. Lamont of the Pres
byterian church officiating-.
The following- Native Sons of Grass Valley
were here to confer the Argonaut degree on
Marysvllle Parlor: Daniel Collins, Wm. Samp
son, Harry Nathan. James Wales. S. J. Kins
man. Richard Collins, A. F. • Brady. L. P.
Dunkley. Thomas ■ Hogan, J. F. Trebllcox, C.
E. Clinch,. -A. J. Uosking, D. T. Donovan.
John Key, Jerry Kelly. George Ryan. J. C.
Tyrrell, Henry Campbell, M. F. Kelleher,
Charles Othet, William Tendy, John Frank
and M. P. Stone.
W. S. Johnson- and Will Hudson visited at
the bay. ■ .
John Fuller Is home from San Francisco to
spend a vacation with his parents. Colonel
and Mrs. J. B. Fuller. ■ ■ . -
Frank Oilman Jr. is home " from St. Mat
thew's College, San Mateo, for a brief vaca
tion. : ' . - ' '■ '
Miss, Lottie Reader was called to her home
In. Sweetland • on- account of her father's ill
ness. . ," '-;**'.
Miss Li-llle Gum of Lomo was married at San
Jose on the inst. to S. J.."Wedmore.
' Mrs.i-Staton of Santa Rosa visited her sis
ter. Mrs. Ward, at Sutter City.
Mrs. Sarah. A. Annereau, a former resident
of this section, died recently at Sacramento.
J. C. Tyrrell, city editor of the Grass Val
ley Tidings, was here to visit his sister, Mrs.
G. H. Stokes.
J. H. Roberts and wife of ■ Putter County,
went to Redding* to attend t)i» funeral of
Mrs. Roberts' sister. Mrs. Thomas Jenkins.
J. T. and P. J. Blnet of Clipper Mills visit
ed her«.
of the house: the door is also "practi
cal," and can be opened and shut.
The story runs that the house was de
serted for such a long time that the.
steps. were covered by a gigantic spid
er's web, and the spectator is surprised
to see this' w-eb, which extends from
post to post and to the side walls of
the steps.. • .-..••
In the center of this gigantic web
is seen a spider's body with a woman's
head. The steps leading to the door
way of the house are open, and a per
son starts to descend, but stops -on see
ing the spicW, and retreats after tak
ing three or four steps down the stairs.
This adds greatly to the illusion, as it
looks as if it could not be produced by
a mirror. You can see both • above
and below the head, and the steps may
be seen at any angle you choose. The
puzzling part of the trick is the ques
tion of the whereabouts of the lady's
body. ■ ■
Reference to the explanatory illus
tration will give the secret • eft the
trick: The mirror, lies at an angle of
45 degrees and. runs from the base of
the posts to the rear of one of the
treads of the lower step. The mirror
extends the full width of the steps. A
semicircular hole is cut out -of the cen
ter of the mirror, at the top edge; this
is to receive' the lady's head.
The spider's body is fastened to the
miss Jennie Allen has returned rrom nro»ns
vllle, where she visited Mrs J. C. Campbell.
Edward Carlln and wife who are here from
New York visltinir their son, have returned
from a trip through Southern California. .
Grant Johnson of Missouri has arrived to
visit his uncle. N. Robinson, and family.
Miss Irene Fuller has returned from a visit
to friends at Los Angeles
N. T. Smith and wife visited friends at
Forhestown.
Mrs. Piercj', who was the guest of Mrs. Mary
Karr, has returned to her home In San Fran
cisco.
Judge Trebilcox of Grass Valley visited here.
Mrs. Thomas Conlln, daughter Josle and son
John were here from Smartsvllle.
Colonel William Rackerby of Rackerby Camp
visited here.
T. L. Yore arrived from San Francisco to
attend the funeral of his brother William,
who died at the home of his mother. Mrs.
Peter Yore, near Camptonvllle.
M (I Mrs. J. Bullard of
•»/%B3 f £i2dl* If Grange the guest
Mrs. B. B. Clough.
Miss Ella Mugler visited in San Francisco
a few days this week.
Miss Carrie Atwood returned home Monday
from a week's visit with friends in Fresno.
Mrs. Will Lewis of Stockton is the guest of
her parents In this city this week.
E. L. Sturgeon of Cotton wood was In Mer
ced Monday.
R. Kaehler made a business trip to San
Francisco Monday.
Mrs. Isaac Bird and daughter left Monday
for Santa Rosa to visit with friends."
Dr. D. G. McLean of Salinas, a former resi
dent of Merced, la calling on ■ old friends in
town this week.
J. Jensen of Turner ' Precinct was In town
one day last week.
Mrs. Charles Harris Is visiting friends In
San Francisco this week.
Mrs. C. H. Huffman of San' Francisco was
the guest last week of her son, M. S. Huff
man.
A. Jacobs, and wife made a trip to San
Francisco Saturday. ■ /•%
- Tfh o/f> C , Rev. c - E. Eettis of
IWayrnllflir GfWUtc/b* : WatsonvlUe spent a
U QIW.UI4UU. MUUWvQS portion of the week as
guest of B. C. Winston.
Miss Mary Brady, an artist from San Fran
cisco, la here sketching.
S. ; H. .Lynch of Salt Lake City Is spending a
few weeks at El Carmelo Hotel. He Is accom
panied by his family.
A. M. Allen came down from. San Francisco
Monday. to look after property Interests In this
vicinity.  . .■. ■ . , . .
Miss Viola Rodgers has returned from a
short visit In San Francisco.
• F. S. Ilawkenaand Mr. and Mrs. C. N. Haw
kens of Hollister are staying at El Carmelo
Hotel for a few days.
Mrs. C. L. Houghton left Friday for a three
weeks' stay with Oakland friends. -
Rev. A. C. Bain has returned from Pasa
dena.
Dr. N. H. Haight and wife of Sacramento
have taken a cottage here lor the coming two
months.
Charles B. Rosendale arrived Sunday from
San Francisco for a short visit with his par
ents here.
Mrs. L. M. Roberts and Miss A. Miller of
Portland, Or., are at El Carmelo Hotel for a
short time while touring the State. • .
B. A. Eardley returned Tuesday from a busi
ness trip to San Francisco.
P. J. Arneri-ch and Mrs. Amerlch of :. San
Jose arrived here Tuesday and are at El Car
metQ Hotel.
Paul H. Wagner of San Jose is In town.
Tjv Ju.lg.? William E.
* Hampshire and his
family have been In Pomona for several weeks
and have gnne to San Francisco for a month.
Mrs. Jessie Fadgham Conant, a widely known
soprano singer and society young lady In Po
mona, has made her operatic debut with the
Castle-square Opera Company in New York.
Miss Alice Giffln in visiting relatives in San
Francisco.
E. H. Elliott and family have removed from
their home on Holt avenue and have taken
up their residence In San Francisco.
Mrs. Boyd Smith and child will leave next
week for a visit at her former home In B'resno.
George Phillips and bride have made their
home on the corner of Cypress and Third
■streets, and Mrs. Phillips is holding weekly re
ceptions there;
Hon. J. B. Wader and family have returned
to their home in Ontario, after a winter in
Honolulu.
James Redpath, a well-known newspaper
man of L<>s Angeles, has bought the Pomona
Beacon and is aa accession to local social
circles.
1 ' UT) Tl ITUf! ■» 4iP Mlss Olive Gllmora is
■* Iwvd lT» /in! r ß^ -1" Kedding. -'
..IHflßSlllMKUnill Miss Runyon of New
Jersey, who has been
.here for some time on a visit to her »on, R.
W. Runyon, . haa returned,- home by the
Southern route, stopping at Santa Barbara, San
I Diego and ; New Orleans. '
Mrs. H. P. Stice is visiting her parents in
Redding.
Mrs. John J. Norvell and son have returned
from Los Angeles.
■ Miss Nellie Dodson visited in Redding last
week.
Judge Ellison. Is home from Colusa.
Mrs. Charles Cadwalader and her daughters,
: the Misses Mary and Julia Root, started to
' Chicago on Saturday last, and from there will
go to their old home In Qulncy, 111., for a
visit. .
Miss Neva Foster Is visiting Miss Helen
! Rahm In Woodland.
Mrs. Dr. Emory and little child went to San
Francisco Tuesday.
Mrs. Schwlng and Mrs. Hlldebrandt of Vina
visited Mrs. C. A. Campbell on Monday. .".V^-— ;.
OlAuMitM snv AHRANGEMEivir OF MIRROR.
network of rope; the lady has simply
to affix the body to her head, and the
illusion is complete, as the body of the
lady is concealed behind the glass. The
mirror reflects the lower steps, so that
•this reflection really appears to be a
continuation of the steps, and the en
tire flight seems unbroken.
\\ hen the person appears at the door
and descends the steps, he must be
careful not to come below the line
of reflection, as his legs will not be vis
ible. The top edge of the glass is con
cealed by a rope of the web, as it is
directly in front of it, and for safety is
usually cemented to the glass.
In our diagram, No. 1 represents the
steps; 2, the mirror; 3, the web; and 4,
the lady. The trick requires the most
careful preparation and adjustment,
but when this is accomplished, the re
sults are extremely satisfactory.
Mrs. H. B. Hayes of San Francisco visited
friends lor several days last week.
_ -h^ l ___ff_r« Michael Cudahy, a
•* CxffliH) j©o<B4" Chicago millionaire, ac
•o/ — ' . companled by his wife
. "z\ ' -.*'-- and son, spent a few
days of the week at the Vendome and enjoyed
a trip to the Lick Observatory. • .
Miss Clara Sweigert of San Francisco is the
guest of Mrs. George Swelgert. .■
Mrs. Anna Clayton and Miss Clayton are
visiting In Los Angeles.
Mrs. Anna C. Rea/don, who has been visit
ing her daughter, Mrs. Hugh Mel. Porter, left
Thursday for Los Angeles.
Mlsb Eva la Montague and Paul Americh
were married at St. Joseph's Church Tuesday
morning.
Mrs Maggie Marcus and daughter of Wat
sonvllle spent several days with Mr. and Mrs.
\. R ' f H Ele the early part of the week.
Mrs. John R. Chase has returned from a
vis with Mrs. W. T. Jeter at Santa Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Burchard spent several
days In Santa Rosa this week.
Mrs. Fannie M. McComas has returned to her
home In San Francisco after a visit to friends
here.
Mrs. S. F. Lelb and daughter are in Dallas.
A Mrs. John Murphy and Miss Virginia Mc-
Aran are guests at Capltola.
•Will E. Clayton has gone to British Colum
bia on a short pleasure trip.
Mrs. Victor M. Clement is In San Francisco.
_A. Barker is registered at the Gllroy Hot
Springs.
Mrs. Clara Foltz has returned to New York
Uty. - She was accompanied by her mother,
Mrs. T. C. Shortridge.
Attorney Al Hoehner and E. E. Chase were
in Santa Cruz and Monterey the fore part of
the week.
£_ ff Alii _^ Miss Minnie Dodson
• i>3inpuai\i,UiSi[l!<3V has returned from a
• visit to her brother,
Rev. Dodson of Alameda.
Mrs. L. K. Buckman of Truckee is the guest
of her sister, Mrs. Greenleaf.
.Mrs. C. B. Schell of Knights Ferry has been
visiting friends In town.
Mrs. R. L. Higglns has returned from Stock
ton . ■• - . : . .
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Sykes have, been enter
taining Mr. and Miss Janes of Wisconsin.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Enrlght have returned from
a tour in Northern California and Nevada.
■ Mrs. Judson and daughter of San Francisco
are visiting friends here. -. .
£Z. -jVr* ** -i Mrs. Jennie Radke
• 025nSllcE& VilMinZ* ■»«* a Portion of the
.- ■ , N Hon. and Mrs. Frank
J. Sullivan have been spending a few days
at their summer home at Phelan Park.
• Mrs. George Chlttenden has returned home
after a visit to relatives; in Oakland. •„
Mrs. William Thompson has been : spending
a few weeks with Mr. and Mrs. R. Thomp
son, on Mission street. : ' —
Miss Lulu Lewis, who has been spending
several weeks with her mother, Mrs. E. Lewis,
has returned to Tres Pinos. - ' .-.
D. P. Oliver was down from San Francisco
thin week testing 1 his luck at salmon fishing.
Mrs. McLean Martin has been spending a
few days this week at her summer home,
"The Cabins," on Beach Hill.
Rev. Thomas Filbert was In San Francisco
this week.
: Dr. and Mrs. J. P. Parker are in San Fran
cisco.
William D. Haslam Is In Marysville.
Miss Mary Burke spent a few days with,
her parents, Hon. and Mrs. Bart Burke, in
San Francisco. ■•' ', ■ • ■ ' •
Miss Kate.Handley has returned from San
Francisco.
Miss Daisy Fox of San Jose ' spent a few
days with her sister, Mrs. Thomas O'Neil,
on Beach Hill. . . : .
Mrs. S. F. rover Is in Martinez on a visit
to her daughter, Mrs. Guy Milnes.
Mrs. John R. Chace of San Jose Is the
guest of Lieutenant-Governor and Mrs. W. •
T. Jeter at Sunshine Villa.
i Mrs. William H. Raymond, who has been
spending several months with her parents, Dr.
and Mrs. T. W. Drullard, at Linda Vista,
has gone to San Francisco, where she is to
reside.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter B. Anthony have re
turned from their honeymoon, which . was
spent in San Francisco.
L. Woodard has gone on a visit to his old
home in Pardeevllle, Wls.
Mrs. Fred Barson, of the Riverside Hotel, Is
visiting Mr. and Mrs. Fred Barson Jr. In
Modesto. „ ,
Mr. and Mrs. William Kennedy of Spokane,
Wash., have been the guests of their niece,
Mrs. Fannie Cottle, In Blackburn Terrace.
Father Hudson of Gilroy and Father Wy
man of San Francisco have .been the guests
of Father McNamee.
Herbert Farrell has gone to Philadelphia,
where he has accepted a -position with Wana
maker & Co. _
Rev. and Mrs. Edwards Davis of : Oakland
are In Santa Cruz. '
W. Zoller, L. Mutzie: and K. Lippard, of
Pittsburg, Pa., have been the guests of James
McNeil.
. Frank J. Brandon was over from San Jose
this week. ' _
William C. Peyton has returned from San
Francisco.
Mrs. M. A. Deane was down from San
Francisco as the guest of Mrs. Judge Logan.
P. L. Archibald of San Francisco was in
town Thursday. __j
<v 4* THL-_JL A. D. Banijerman and
S3OL^llJ2!inil®!Ml wife have departed for
v »Y»^iw Alaska, where they will
engage In business.
W. A. Huntley, a merchant of Oregon City,
Or., is here on a visit. •_ -_; ■
Mrs. Lillian Smith and nephew of New Tom,
who have been making a tour of the world,
are here for a short visit. • .
Rev George Montgomery, Bishop of the dio
cese of Los Angeles, is here a guest of Father
Stockman. The Bishop 19 here to dedicate the
new church at Monteclto.
The Misses Greble of Pasadena, mews of Dr.
Williams of Philadelphia. .»ne of the principal
directors of the Baldwin Locow.tive Works,
are here visiting their uncle.
W W. Burton and J. H. i'layter art in San
Bernardino County looking .after their mining
Interests at the Rose mine.
; Mr. and Mrs. W. M. S. Moors, who *vn
spent the past two months ml San Salvador.
Central America, have returned to Santa Bar
b< Mrs. Coles, wife of J. L. Coles, accompanied
by her d'außhter. has departed tor Auburn,
where her husband is interested In mines.
■ Mrs Bradbury of Maine, mother of that
talented authoress, Kate Douglass \\iggir\, Is
hi the city a guest of Mr. and Mrs. D. W.
Mr^an'd Mrs. A. C. Smith have returned
from their visit to the OJal.
Henry White, prominent in Spokane busi
ness circle?. is here for a short stay.
Mrs. M. W. Palmerston of Spokane, accom
panied by her two sons, is here for a two
Charles M. Porter, wife and child, of Chica
go, are paying a visit to Santa Barbara. .
Mrs. Dr. Kellogg, late of Oakland, has re
moved tc Santa Barbara.
<<* ; Mr. and Mrs. Charles
'•-SOQMMISi®" Poppe of Glen Ellen at
v ■ { i tended a minstrel per
formance in this place
Tuesday evening. . > •'
Among the visitors here on Washington
birthday was Charles Heln of Kenwood.
Miss Maud Pattnn of Santa Cruz is the guest
of Miss Theo Bates. , ,
Miss Mabel Church of Marin County is vis
iting her cousin. Miss Kate McDonell. '■■
Ernest' Campbell left Sonoma last Wednes
day for Seattle and will be absent i several
months.  .'.
Miss Mayme Church has returned to her
home near this place, after visiting San Fran
cisco relatives. _ . ■ ' /.
Stewart Elliott of San Francisco spent last
Sunday with Mrs. Leubeck at Schellville.
Adam Adler received a visit Sunday from Dr.
J. O. Laughlln of San Francisco. \
Miss Celia Grantee returned to Berkeley last
Wednesday, after visiting her parents, Mr.
and Mrs. H. H. Grantee. ■-■■
Miss Evelyn Gearhart. who is attending the
Ursuline Academy at Santa Rosa. Is visiting
her grandfather, Hon. Robert Howe of this
P Professor Hamm of San Francisco spent sev
eral days last week at the Hyde ranch. ,
•- , Miss Marcella Glazier of Berkeley spent
-Washington's birthday with Robert Howe and
H. Foure of San Francisco spent last Sun
day with City Marshal Robin.
Thomas and D. Foley of San Francisco were
the guest 3 of. Mrs. P. Grothaus last Sunday.
Steve Akers and Mrs. A. Cook came up from
the metropolis, last. Sunday and visited their
parents, Mr. and Mrs. M. Akers of Schellville.
«"IT> II ' Mr. and Mrs. Wil- '
•* Hdnilsj?'© "■ Ham Kellem of v»°-"v»°
" - *^* / ' toria. B. C., have. been
visiting the family of
J. T. Lawler.
L. W. Allum of > Riverside spent "Wednesday
In Tulare. ■ •
Miss Manic Bachelder of Kern City Is vis
iting friends here. . . •■ ■ •'■■•
■ •J. M. Alexander of . Oakland has been look
ing after his fruit ranch east of town.
> Mr and Mrs. I. M. Cox have returned from
a prolonged visit to Santa Clara County. :
Miss ; Lotta ' Hunt : of ' the ■ Postal Telegraph
Company ia visiting friends ■ at ■ La Grange,
San Joaquin County. \ Miss Maude Orr of ■ De
lano will have charge ' of the office In Miss
Hunt's absence. ( . - ■
J. H. Morton of ; the , Norwood . Orchard is
here from San Francisco. ; ' _.
Mrs 'M. G. Bradley of Selma Is visiting her
daughter,' Mrs. W. •A. Fotherglll. • . ■ ••
W C Edes.. chief field .engineer of the Val
ley road, is' here, making final arrangements
in - the matter of ?. the ; depot . site and • other
rlsrht-of-way items. : ■ ?. ".:■*:;.■' " :
Senator R. Under declines to ■; again be a
candidate for office. He 'will hereafter . devote
his time to his extensive business interests.; •
•■;-' M. A. Shean of , Lob Angeles Is ." visiting
friends here.. :- ' ' '■ '■''■<- _ ■ :
Miss Georgie and Master Roy Tozer ; gave a
delightful birthday - party to a large company
of young friends Monday; night. . ; ; • •
' J. E. Baxter, traveling , auditor of the Santa
Fe Company, was in town Tuesday. • ■
ft/ -to 2, - "'- .■'•■■-Mrs. H. R. McDonell is
«• *u4PITT)M(ii!TCft\%" ln £ an Francisco.
"•V^T'UIUIKm*- Deputy Clerk McCra
- .■ .■ -"''*; • ney -.. of r. the Supreme
Court was In this city last week. • ; '•-••.■
Ed J. Casey of San Francisco was here last\
week. '
Mrs. E. M. Wagner and Mrs. C. O. Dempsey
visited in Santa Barbara Sunday.
Leslie Chaffee and Miss Eva Solari were
married Saturday afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs H L. Winem&n will return
to Devils Lake Dak., to-morrow afternoon,
after an extended visit with relatives in this
city
Hon. X. Blackstoek delivered an address to
the Blue and the Gray in Los Angeles on
Washington's birthday. _
Captain John Cross, president of the Ven
tura and OJal Valley Railroad, is here super
intending the completion of this new road.
A. L. Chaffee, a prominent merchant, and
Miss Eva Solari were married Saturday, ihey
are spending their honeymoon in San iran
clsco and vicinity. r»0,.».*.
A grand ball was given by the ><ati%e Daugh
ters and Native Sons at Armory Hall on the
evening of Washington's birthday.
Miss Mollie Brady of Bisbee. Ariz., who has
oeen visltlne in San Francisco during the
past two months, is now the guest of James
Daly and family of this city.
Hon. Job Harrison of Los Angeles was here
" r Th^ > junior class of the High School gave
a party Monday evening in honor of the senior
George H. Feurt>er of Minnesota was In this
city last week.
Duncan Matherson, roadmaster of the South
ern Pacific, has gone to Bakersfleld.
A. McEwen of San Diego was here last week
buying sheep,
Mrs. Frank Newby Is In Los Angeles.
%.< 0 Mrs. Elizabeth Green
«*. ri)W\ ©•> of San Francisco has
«SVDj9ai"iuayi v - been here this week at
""'^ tending to some prop
erty business.
W. L. Worth, the late principal of the
Piano schools, was visiting here this week.
He has gone to Jamestown, in Tuolumne
County.
Mr. and • Mrs. .T. W. Fewel have returned
to Vlsalla, from Fresno County, to reside.
J. F. Goad, a large land - owner ' of Monte
Vista, Colorado, Is visiting the family of his
uncle, J. C. Goad, whom he had never' before
seen. t •'""-.
Miss Vada Holloway. the popular, young
milliner, has been in San Francisco all week
laying in a stock of new spring hats. .
Colonel Stuart S. "Wright, of - the : Sixth
Regiment, was a visitor here on military
and other matters.. . . • - -. - , - •
Mrs. C- J. McLaln has returned home from
visiting relatives at Gallatin, Mo. Mrs. Joe
Whitt and son of that place came with her.
Dr. Gere of San Francisco was here the
past week on professional business, and to
visit his friend, Dr. McSwatn.
Mrs. J. T. Loventhal, who has been re
cruiting her health In the Ojai Valley, Ventura
County, has returned home.
Mrs. John L. Rhodes Ib. at home again after
an absence in Los Angeles visiting friends.
J. E. Adams is here to take the place of
Lou Haney at the Valley Road depot in the
freight department. .Mr. Haney has gone to
Hanford. '
Mr. and Mrs. George Nunnemaker have re
turned from an extensive trip through the
ERBtern States as far as Plttsburg, Pa. ■;.■",;",
Mrs. Mary Barbour of" San Jose is here for
a short s<tay.
tvM -M- *, nr? Miss' Lena Chapman
WakJJ(GOV{M(P. Is i(1 San Francisco at-
VVOIwy^LVVtIUWG tending the millinery
openings.
Mrs. J. M. Chancy and family have moved
to Salinas.
Luther Rodgers was over from Salinas this
week. .:-.;.■ . ' '
Mr. and. Mrs. Albert Palmtag and '-Miss
Mynne Rowe are visiting in Southern, Cali
fornia. ' • -. .... ;v *
Rev. J. W. Bryant of Salinas wa3 visiting
old friends here this week.
Mrs. W. A. Sllliman and son of Castroville
visited Watsonville relatives the fore part of
the week.
Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Tuttle were over from
San Jose this week.
Mrs. J. Dutot and family have moved to
San Jose.
A. N. Jiifld Is In San Francisco attending the
Free Market convention.
D. T. Maher was a visitor to Salinas this
week. " .
Miss Lutle Osborn was home from High
land last Sunday.
Miss Myrtle Albright has accepted a posi
tion with the Ford Company.
v^fo -IV *r Miss Audrey Davis of
-«Wflinfa#°- XT' Mr : lf " w her
Street.
Miss Gilbert has gone on a visit to relatives
in San Jose.
Henry Juely, Charles Binning and Charles
Sinclair have gone to Alaska.
Mrs. F. J. Bonny has returned to San Fran
cisco, where she will remain until spring.
Mrs. Prunty of Santa Rosa is the. guest of
Judge and Mrs. Sims.
Mr. and Mrs. East of Oakland are- visiting
Mrs. East's parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. Steven
son.
A rf . . B. A. Seaborn, the
*»«»AMU(3>Q*II2&* <1 canneryman, has. re
cuyuwuuwi turned from a trip to
the Sound. He says
business there is booming in the Klondike
line.
At 4 o'clock Saturday afternoon, February
ID, the office of collector of customs of this
district was turned over to Hon. John Fox, the
successor of Judge C. H. Page, who has con
tinued in office several months longer than
his four years.
General Auditor F. D. Kuettner of the As
toria and Columbia River Railroad has re
turned from a business trip to Portland and
Corvallis.
Mrs. C. "W. Stone, Just returned from Ross
land, B. C. will leave in a few days for
Wrangel, Alaska, where she will -ook into the
business situation.
Captain Cordlner has returned from New
York, where he completed the purchase of the
schooner Joseph Pulitzer, now on the way
around the Horn, and which will be used as a
pilot boat off the mouth of the Columbia River.
The social events of the week were the As
sembly Club dance, Mrs. J. E. Hisgins' party
and the entertainment given by the Knights of
Pythias upon the anniversary of the founding
of the order. •
A . : PHOENIX, Ariz., Feb.
"♦rali^flZdDirPSi^ 1 * 25.— C. L. Adams of the
■^ V Graham Borax Com
pany of Chicago is reg
istered with his family at the Adams, Phoenix.
William Caswell, In rank and size esteem
ed the leading Mason of - America: -W. F.
Pierce, grand lecturer of the Scottish Rite,
and A. F. Gunn. all of San Francisco, were
visitors in Phoenix during the early part of
the week, brought by the convocation of Ari
zona's Mystic .Shriners.
T. A. Riordan and Fred W. Slsson of the
Arizona Lumber Company at Flagstaff are
spending several days in Los Angeles.
Mrs. w. C. Budge, prominent in social cir
cles of Prescott and Phoenix, has Joined her
husband in Carbo, Sonora, where he is con
nected with the Sonora Railway.
Frank M. Murphy, president of the Santa
Fe, Prescott and Phoenix Railway, has re
turned, with Mrs. Murphy, from an ' Eastern
visit,, wherein were settled many of the details
of the Big Bug extension of his road.
One of the most charming receptions of the
season was that given in Prescott Friday by
Mrs. Gage, wife of President E. B. Gage of
the Congress mine. The function was espe
cially in honor of Mrs. J. "W. Hawley of Pueb
lo, Colo., Mru. Sargent of New Hampshire,
Mrs. Birch of Glasgow, Mo., and Mrs C J
McClure of Gllroy, Cal.
_____ . . _ _ ADVERTISEMENTS. ; _____
■ ■■'■■'■■ ■ ■ ■ m ■ ■ ■ ■■ ■ t ■■ ■
CITY OF J|||| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
rnnivrr loao • received high-grade tailor
Sr 111 Nil InVo. SUITS, CAPES AND JACKETS
kJI 11111U IU7U# >,N, N G p EAT VAR|ETYt .
Our Special JL ~
for this Week $15.00
Tailor-Made Suits, • /jf7\ <V Regular
r ,rr. ■. / I V $20.00
in five ditterent /// '• I 7, .
//I- i l\ Value,
shades of diagonal. I . I V
serge,, coat silk- ■ // /'/ V- vt
"'•■-■, ' ivW V d\\. Country Orders
-lined.; >-^tJ__Jll^-M Promptly
.. ■ ■ ' ' •  - " '.'T*^'^ Attended To.
CITY OF PAEIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S.E. Corner of Geary and Stocßton Streets. S. F. (Union Square
General John F. Sheehan of San Francisco
spent several days In Phoenix the past week,
registering at the Adams.
\V. Li. Mackay and William J. Howarth of
San Francisco spent last week at the Hot
Spring's of Castle Creek, north of Phoenix.
( hauncey Clark and wife, who have been
spending several months on their immense farm
at Peoria, Ariz., have returned to their towq
home In Phoenix.
Mayor J. C. Adams of Phoenix hns returned
from Washington, where he secured appoint
ment as postmaster of his home city. He will
take office March 1.
Miss Mamie Kennedy has returned to hef
home in Phoenix after a year in Denver, oc«
eupied in the study of music.
President S. H. Clark of the Union Paclfl«
Railway Is expected to arrive, in PhoenlJl
within a few days to there make a stay of a
month for the benefit of his health.
E. J. Brennan of St. Paul, one of the lead-
Ing railway contractors of the Union, is at
the Ford. Phoenix, with his family.
John Lawler, owner of the famous Hlllsldt
mine, has returned to Prescott from a lengthy
California visit.
Governor M. H. McCord of Arizona Is bulldi
Ing an elegant home in the northern part ol
Phoenix.
A. J. Streator. noted as the first Fr>pulist
candidate for President of the Dotted States,
is spending the winter in Mesa. His home U
in New Windsor. 111.
C. A. McLane of San Francisco Is registered
at the Hotel Adams. Phoenix.
Hose Dracbman has returned to Phoenix
from Lower California, where he is interested
with San Francisco relatives in a mine near
La Paz.
J. A. Naugle. general manager of the Sonora
Railway, visited Nogates early in the week,
coming in his special car from Guaymas. H«
Is convalescing from a broken leg.
.< ... ' . ALBUQUERQUE, N.
• R*w//M/©WIiC/I^o. M., Feb. 26. — Mrs.
* N^W r!|(B»uli.© 0 ' Walter C. Hadley
1 " writes from Phila
delphia that her mother is dangerously 111.
The "Willies" gave an entertainment to
their friends on Friday evening in the form
of a masquerade party, which was one of the
most notable social affairs of the season.
Gordon D. Pearce of this place was married
at El Paso on Wednesday evening to Mis*
Olive Jennings of the City of Mexico. They
will make their home in Albuquerque.
Mrs. J. H. Wroth will soon make a trin
East and will stop . ' in Washington a#fe\<
weeks as the guest of '.Mrs. Fergusson. *
•Mrs. McCorriston has gone East on a visit
to friends and expects to be away som«
months. > . "
Mrs. James Votah of this place Is visiting
friends in Las Vegas.
Albert J. Otis of Silver City was In Albu
querque for a few days during the week.
W. E. Dame of Cerrillos has gone on a trip
to the southern part of the Territory.
It is reported that Hon. Thomas Smith, lata
Chief Justice of the Territory, who now re
sides In Las Vegas, will make his home in
Albuquerque after a few weeks.
Miss Claude Albright has postponed her trip
to Europe till some time in the month of
April.
A. A. Grnnt has returned from a business
trip to San Francisco, and Is taking an active
interest in the irrigating canal enterprise.
O. E. Cromwell and wife are spending the
winter at Ashevllle, N. C.
J-ohn W. Poe of Roswell is visiting friends
In Albuquerque.
United States .Tudgp J. W. Crunipaeker has
returned from La Porte, Ind.. bringing his
family. They will live in the Rose house.
Ross Merritt writes from the Klondike,
under date of January 20, that all the mem
bers of the Albuquerque colony are well and
have been earning good wages all winter.
Jacoma.
President McKlnley has promised to visit
Tarorna and he present at the annuul
Rose Carnival in June, providing Congress ad
journs in time. A formal invitation has just
been extended him by I'nited Sta'es Sena-tor
Wilson and C. M. Sehultz of this rlty.
Attorney Franklin K. Lane of San Fran
cisco writes Major Fawcett of Tacoma that
he expects to visit I'uget Sound next sum
mer.
Joseph Ladue, founder of Dawson City, and
Mrs. Ladue have been guests during this
week of Mrs. H. R. de Laplaine of this city.
Jack Dalton, the Alaska pathfinder, spent
several days here this week on his return
from California.
Dr. TV. E. Fifield has gone to San Francisco
on a visit.
General and Mrs. James M. Ashton are
making a tour of California. Mrs. Alexander
Haillie is in the Golden State for her health.
Mr. William JDlekson has returned from Sin
Francisco.
Hal Hoffman, Alaska representative of The
Call, has returned to Juneau after spending
two days with Tacoma friends.
William G. Sloan, a Tacoma boy, has been .
made captain of his class of cadets on th*
Vnited States training-ship Adams. He has
Just returned to San Francisco after visiting
his mother.
SAD EXPERIENCE IN A HOTEL
Hotel-keepers have their trials, too.
A lady who lives in a New York hotel
is fond of animal pets and lately bought
a monkey, which she introduced into
her apartments. The monkey, though
pleased with his quarters, was anxious
to look further. He observed olosely
the habits of his owner, and noticed
that when she touched the electric bell
the door was presently opened. 'I will
try that," said he, and when opportu
nity offered he put his thumb on the
electric knob and kept it there. "When
the door opened there were five bell
boys outside. The monkey dived
through the mob of them and flew
down the hall, hotly pursued. Hard
pressed, he noticed an open transom
over a door marked thus: "Bath." He
flew up the door and through the tran
som, leaving the baffled bellboys aghast
in a group outside. Instantly ensued
a splash, followed by a piercing shriek;
as the door flew open a lady, scantily
draped in a bath towel, burst out on
the dumfounded bellboys and fled
screaming down the hall, with the de
lighted monkey perched on her shoul
ders and holding on by her hair. That
same afternoon the monkey's owner re
ceived word from the management of
the hotel that they could not consent
to the monkey's continued stay in the
house. "Rather have a suicide in the
house than that monkey," said the
management.THE GOVERNOR AND ACTING HIGH PRIEST OF ZUNI.
: (From a Photograph.)
THE Zuni people were aroused
•Several months ago by the dec
laration of their priests that a
■witch dwelt among them. The
witch was seized and tortured,
and would perhaps have suffered
en awful death had not the appeal of
the Indian agent been heard at "Wash
ington. As a result, a squadron and a
half ;o.f cavalry, with perhaps 20,000
: rounds o£ ammunition and a mountain
drew up one bright morning
: .opposite Zutii and called a halt to the ;
f torture !'>' arresting the four priests ',
•-. : :an3; sending them off to prison.
A; permanent military camp is still
v ..: TrvalntMned there, and the Indians are I
■v^ancing in their village. One author- j
\ : }.- itjy .•.b'eireyes ■ that hostilities are likely
;.;t(>.'.breg:lsout at any moment; other au
-■..tiicrf.ities' laugh at such fears.
■;■ '.■■.■"•.:- Iri '-.the center of a broad, sandy plain i
■v/i'^i^e-.w: Mexico, about forty-five miles;
.■•_.- fro .'the point where the San
■;. : ta;. ;V\Pe •'• Pacific Railroad crosses
;■ the .line into Arizona, is a I
,-.: : Q.u^eifr;ljor)king altar of stone, hoi- I
[\':b-xv 'ixi tliv middle and filled with gor- \
■y.&^CM&prayer plumes. This altar is be- i
jy.i'ev.^.d.by these people to mark the cen- '
;>;tsJT-.^:f The earth, and within half a mile '
■ \. ; stands the Indian village of Zuni i
— vth-e .-largest Indian settlement, by the |
."..vSv.a'^VsWithin the boundaries of the I
.: United' States.
■ The earliest record of these people is ;
:. . f>.,»urid .i.n -the writings of Don Esteva- !
■.; : nlc^ was of#t-ial relator, or ehro-ni- |
;v:;jcli : ri.ftf.;;-e vents with the army of Coro- !
uado, who: set out from Mexico in 1538
-.. -to-- -conquer and subdue the seven cit- !
ies of Cibola, which were said to- lie |
somewhere within what is now the Ter- \
yiritpryi-of - New Mexico. Unfortunately
f.»r Corronado, he found five of the cit- '
r".:|es :h>" searched for, but instead of con- .
.••:Qu.exihg any of them, suffered defeat
;- i ever he started a row.
- Therefore, Estevanico is mournfully
r^sarding the previous history ■
: ;.of;t^eT : people they didn't conquer.
;■;■■:■. ihifuiry of the Zunis, however, is :
;:; :T ;:;^o : mpa.r-a,tJ.v.ely complete, from that time
..^'t^.tKei' present, for the reason that the |
r-- ; ; Franciscan missionaries who- were with i
; /jitm ■■established a mission there, which
; .;S ? 'a^.';GOcii.Died for centuries, and the
. jj-ums .ivjiich, .still stand, facing the
. ; :: ;.pta;?a in ZunL When the Territory of
Mexico was ceded to the United ;
: States the Zunis dwelt upon the grant I
.>^\vhiih-.;thfeyv still occupy, and their'
:p;r^pprty /rights were provided for in
■'■ ; 'the;-l;Fe.a.ty. They are therefore not res- j
ci 1 : ation Indians, but citizens, although I
i 'tiSrt a^cordftd the right of suffrage.
The streets of Tunis or Morocco do
HOW TO SUCCEED AS AN ACTOR
Advice of William H. Crane, the Comedian, to
Those Who Contemplate Going
on the Stage.
WERE I not sure that I can
play the leading lady parts
in your pieces better than
they are now presented," a
young woman wrote me in
■. ' ; "■.■'. '■;;'. Chicago a week or two ago,
would not offer my services. I am
• .living with a refined family as cook,
and...shouid you not agree with me as
,-to my dramatic abilities they would
;be glad to take me back into their
service."
If I erred in declining to permit this
lady: to substitute Shakespeare for
: baicoh-— and eggs, I hope she will at
leagt fnfuse into her culinary career
the same patience, energy, talent and
tact which would have been essential
to her success on the stage. She Is
one of hundreds of her sex who honor
I me/— tor I feel it to be an honor, by
' . king my advice about life on the
Btage. Many a good cook is spoiled to
make a bad actress, and the young
.men who persist in embarking on the
theatrical sea after passing by the
tannery or the ribbon counter won't
mind, I am sure, if I try to point out
to others just where they are apt to
make shipwreck. Thirty-five years of
hard work in any profession ought to:
jr.riM a man's experiences valuable to j
his fellows. Inere need be no sugges- j
tion:cif vanity in telling some of them ;
tr&ere they may do good. The only ;
Thing I am vain of is hard work.
"Hard work," to ambitious ears,
may sound harsh, ihe glamour of the
iti^g-e — there's no use making fun of |
it, for it exists — draws toward the
stage door so many women who want
■ ;>loit their vanity, so many men
.ovet ready reputation and big j
■■s, that I sometimes think there ;
u.:^ actually more aspirants for honors
'■• this profession than in any other,
ially than in those, such as law
iiedicine, where the laws require
thorough and systematic preparation, j
, young man, or young woman, |
I'm not going to preach to you. I get j
i deal of fun out of life, even if j
I am a "leetle bit" past 50 and play !
under my own hair and my own name. ;
But 1 win tell you, my young friends,
the hard work that, according to my
theory! is necessary to success on the
Btage, no matter how well equipped
you are by nature and education.
Nature did very little for me. I am j
the first of my family on the Btage, i
and I got from my father, who was a I
mechanic up in Connecticut, very little
except the ability to work and the de
termination to stick to it. His name
A rane. and when, as a boy, I made
vj' my mind that I wanted to be an
actor, I decided that I would still be a j
Crane. I've never had a stage name.
So I started in with no capital,, no j
fine clothes, no special education and i
no Influence. I didn't even have an
opportunity, but I thought one would
come if I waited long eoou^H.
THE OLD WOMAN ACCUSED OF BEING A WITCH BEING SCOURGED BEFORE THE HIGH PRIEST
OF THE ZUNI.
not present a more picturesque appear- !
ance than do the winding lanes in the
pueblo of Zuni. Although they own
thousands of acres of level land, 'yet
they huddle their dwellings together
in the oddest possible fashion. If. a
Zuni builds a house in a certain place
in the village and another, likes the Jo
cation, he does- not buy it, but simply
builds his own house upon the top rtf
the -other, which, according to Zuni
custom, he has a perfect right to do.-
Another Indian also likes the site and
builds a third house on top of the sec
ond. Each leaves a hole In his floor,
through which a ladder leads dqwn
into the house of the original posses
sor of the lot, who, with his family,
I had been with the Ho.man Opera
Company a good many weeks, at noth
ing a week, and I mean it, when my
first opportunity came. It was in Wil
liamsport. Pa., in 1X63. I was sitting
in the first entrance watching the stage,
as I had watched it night in and night
out, studying every b-it of business,
every change of costume, thinking
which role I should like to play, best,
when the stage manager told me Ben
Holman was ill. The opera was "'Son
nambula," an English version, and
young Holman had been singing Alles
sio, the basso, a good comedy part.
"I can do it," I said, without a mo
ment's hesitation. They all looked at.
me in astonishment, some in amuse
ment.
"O pshaw," said the elder Holman,
"you'd have to be rehearsed and you'd
have to learn the music. We've got to
have somebody now."
"Well, I can do it now,"- I answered..
"I don't want any. rehearsal and I know
the music."
That was true, too. I had learned
every part in the piece sitting there in
the first entrance watching the com
pany. And I got every langh, arid never
missed a word or a note. The next
night Ben Holman was cast for Caspar
In "Der Freischutz," the heaviest basso
part I know of. I sang it right through,
and the next night sang Devilshoof.
Ben heard what was going oh, and he
made an effort and came to the theater
to take his own part, but the exertion
killed him. He died not long afterward.
His illness gave me my opportunity.
I was with the Holrnans for seven
years, and when I wasn't at the theater
I was with them .at their lodgings. I
never left 'om, and kept right on trying
to learn every part in every piece in
their repertoire, studying until toward
morning, instead of skylarking after
the performance was over.
But all the time I realized that I
would never make a musician. I didn't
kppw the notes. I wanted to be an
actor. So I left the Holmans and went
to Crowe's Theater and played there m
legitimate comedy. I didn't get but $20
a week, but I was satisfied. I was.
learning something all the time and I
was sitting up. until 5 o'clock, plenty of
mornings, studying the old English
comedies, putting ice water on my eyes
to keep 'em open and pegging away at
rehearsals next day.
Not much "glamour" about that, eh?
I was taking every chance that came
my way and waiting for more, I was
studying all the comedy parts in the
range of old English comedy with the
hope, and on the chance, that I might
some day have an opportunity to play
them. I remember learning letter per
fect seven parts in a single piece, for
I couldn't tell which one of them I
mlsrht get a chance at, some day. ■ ■
The young men who want to "go on
the stage" nowadays — do they fancy
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
U.S. TROOPS CALLED OUT IN
A ZUNI "WITCH CHASE"
White Women Teachers Take a Hand and [fie Wfiofe
Troußfe Ends in a Peculiar Tangfe-Tfie
■ • Soldiers Compelled to Remain
; . on Guard. .
passes In and out by means of the lad
der route, for outside doors are the ex
ception rather than the rule In Zunl.
As a result of this plan the houses, in
the center of the village are four or
five high, while only on the extreme
outskirts are s.lngle houses found. In
terior decoration or furnishing Is
scant in a Zuni house. Usually they
contain but one room, perhaps twenty
by thirty feet, although in exceptional
cases two and even three rooms- are to
be found. The side walls of the houses
adjoin an.d tiny doors connect one with
another, so that it is possible to go
quite a distance through the village
without going out-of: doors.
They have a- religion, if their odd be
liefs may be- so termed; but it is a re
ligion of fear rather than of love. If
they can but succeed in driving oiit
the various devils that beset them the
■bad. will be averted and the good will
take care of itself. Superstition rules
; them. The word of their priests is held
i. at all times in highest reverence and
■ is their supreme authority. They are
such a prospect? How many weeks
a,re they willing to work at nothing a
week — .with no part? How many years
are they willing to study, on a small
salary, with only expectations?
Why, a short time ago a young man
in my company objected to understudy
ing three or four parts. I reasoned
with him, and at last I got mad, think,
ing of my own experience, and I said
to him:
"My young friend, the last week I
was with the Hooley Comedy Company
I played nine parts in four nights."
That settled it.
When I made up my mind to give iip
comic opera and to devote my life to
comedy, I realized that I was giving up
a good deal of cash in hand for the
sake of possible recompense. I was
looking ahead to a prospect, of excel
lence and deliberately throwing over
an offer to have my name printed in
big letters as first comedian of the
Alice Oates Company with parts tha-t
would divide, honors fairly with her.
What is more, I was giving up $125 a
week for a salary of juat $65 per week,
but little more than half as much.
A good many young men would take
that extra $60 and immediate popular
favor. But I think it paid me not to
do it. I was ambitious; and I am
more ambitious now, to-day, than I
was then. And after I was married
my wife was mere ambitious for me
than I was for myself.
Ambition? I should say so. I fear
deterioration in my own work, In my
company, in my productions, as much
now as ever in my life. Why? Be
cause I am proud of what I have
achieved by work, sheer honest work,
work that has never flagged, and that
will not as long as lam acting. lam
determined people shan't say I "got it
by luck." It was work — and ambition.
"Crane's luck," said Joe Jefferson not
long ago, when somebody spoke of me
in that connection, "Crane's luck! Non
sense; it's Crane's work." And that's
just the reason why. l am not ashamed
to speak of it. I have never to my
knowledge said, "I can play that part
just as well as So and So." But I
have always played every part just as
well; just as hard, as I possibly could
and let the result take care of itself.
And what's more, I am just as afraid
of failure to-day as I ever was in my
life, j.ust as eager to guard against it.
That's all, my young friends. Once
started on the stage, don't sacrifice a
possible future for present cash. Don't
try to star just because you have mad«
a hit. Don't think about '.'the gla.
mour of the stage." Don't expect
anybody to make "the opportunity of
your life," ready to your hand. Study,
study,' study and wait your chance. '
Whether you should start or not de
pends largely on how anxious you are
to work. Don't you think so?
WILLIAM H. CRANE.
Copyright, 1888. by S. S. McClura.
nominally governed by a head man,
known as the governor, who is ap
pointed by the priests. He serves un
til they instruct him to vacate in fa
vor of a successor.
But their secret order, known as the
Priests of the Bow, comprises the real
governing- power over the people. They
believe that the priests have the power
to discern witches, cast out devils,
make rain, cause crops to grow, bring
about fruitful marriages— everything,
in fact, provided their work Is not in
terfered with by some designing
wltchi Therefore, when anything goe3
wrong,; it is the witch who is to blame
and not the priests. Then it is that
the quiet Zunis, urered to anger, by
the statement of the priests that a
witch has been found, rise as one man
and demand the life of the witch by
torture. Then it is, also, that Uncle
Sam steps in and calls a halt. This
Is exactly the. situation in Zuni to-day.
THE UNITED STATES TROOPS HURRIEDLY SENT BY THE GOVERNMENT IN CAMP BEFORE
THE ZUNI CITY AND PREPARED FOR ANY DEMONSTRATION.
Mary E. Dessette, wno is employed
by the Interior Department as princi
pal teacher in the school established
STRANGE MESSAGES SENT OVER THE TELEPHONE
C ( S~\ ONSIDERINO the fact that
111 millions of miles of wire
I and half the States of the
country are included in our
telephone system, and we
have something like 250,000 subscribers.
It isn't strange that some peculiar
things happen over the long-distance
lines," said the telephone man, as he
leaned back in his chair after connect
ing Omaha and New York just to show
how easy it is to talk across 1600 miles.
"The other day the papers printed a
story of how a bank president in Min
neapolis presided over a meeting of di
rectors in Lowell, Mass.," he went on.
"That. was correct enough, but It
wasn't such an unusual thing as one
might infer from reading the accounts
of it: It has become quite the regular
thing for a railroad or a bank director
who can't «*et to the regular place of
meeting to be connected with the meet
ing place by wire; b* the use of a large
transmitter he is able to hear every
thing that goes on, and to take part in
the proceedings almost as well as
though he were on the spot: I know
too, that the distance 'phone has been
used to close some of the largest com
mercial transactions that have taken
place in the country during the past
five years.
"The use of the long range telephone
for great business affairs seems natural
enough, for the high charges are trivial
compared with the interests involved.
But anybody who hasn't had a chance
to learn from being In the business
would be astonished at some of the
messages that go over the wires and
for which the senders pay good round
sums in the way of tolls. I suppose;
the reason for this is that the telephone*
is still comparatively new to most peo
ple; they look upon it with something
of wonder and they like to experiment
with it to see If It will do all that i£
claimed for It.
"Here, for instance, Is a case that we
in Zuni, went to the village as a mis
sionary about ten years ago. She it
was who first reported the torturing
of the witch, to Captain C. E. Nord
strom, Tenth Cavalry, who (until his
sudden death a few weeks ago), was
Indian agent at Santa Fe. Captain
Nordstrom, upon the representations of
Miss Dessette, recommended that the
Interior department request the War
Department to order four troops of
cavalry to Zuni, post haste, arrest the
four Priests of the Bow, subdue any
uprising that might follow the arrest,
and then remain at Zuni until such
time in the future as would insure the
safety of the white people living there.
Miss Dessette said:
"I did not learn of the torturing of
the old woman until Monday, and she
was tortured first on the preceding
Friday. I took one of the teachers.
Miss Ferrote, with me, and found the
house by direction of a relative of the
Drawn From a Photograph.
poor woman. I knew she would not let
any of theZuniscomein. I found the old
woman, whose name is Ma-u-ri-ta, in
had last night and which is one of a
kind that we get six days in every
week. A Cincinnati man had come on
to New York on business. He had evi
dently Just left his train when he came
to the 'phone and called up his Ohio
house. There evidently wasn't any par
ticular reason for it, except his desire
to talk with his family. One after an
other the mother and five children
came to the 'phone and exchanged a
few sentences with the head of the
house. In such long distance work,
where the charges are high, it is cus
tomary for the operator to notify the
user of the wire at the end of each five
minutes of the time so that there won't
be any confusion about the cost at the
end. In this case the conversation kept
dragging out and the night manager
who had the wire notified the man
every five minutes, each time being met
with the repiy, 'I'll take five minutes
more.' The Cincinnati man was de
termined that every one of his family
should hear his voice, and he didn't
care how much it cost. Last of all the
baby was brought to the transmitter, a
youngster who could just lisp "Hello,
papa,' and then the man settled his bill
for $108 without a murmur, doubtless
feeling well repaid in having listened
to his baby's coo across that distance.
"Of course that's an extreme case in
the size of the charge, but in other re
spects it isn't an unusual thing, espec
ially with westerners. It seems to me
that about one in every ten men, wheth
er they come from Chicago or some lit
tle cress roads town, rush off to the
teleplujne the first thing when they
strike New York, and call up the wife
or sweetheart whom they have left be
hind at home. To the outsider their lit
tle home gossip or sweet nothings
don't seem to amount to much, but I
dare, say it makes life pleasanter for
thqSe who are interested, so nobody
elye can object to it.
"I remember a case more peculiar
JJfr6n-rthat of the Cincinnati man that
«li)«pened while I was manager in the
MA-U-RI-TA, WHO WAS CHARGED WITH WITCHCRAFT, AND MISS
FERROTI, PI ELD MATRON.
(From a Photograph.)
a little stuffy room, up two or three
steps from the main floor of the house.
"She was lying in some filthy rags
and was badly frightened when I en
tered, doubtless thinking I was one of
the Indians coming to torture her. I
told her I was her friend and had come
to help her, but she did not believe me
at first. I then compelled some of the
members of her family to return to the
house and care for her after I had
washed her, bandaged her lacerated
arms and back and dressed her injuries
as well as I was able. She told me that
they had come for her on Friday and
taken her to a corral where burros are
kept, lashed her hands behind her back,
and then hanged her so that her feet
just touched the ground. Then they
beat her most unmercifully and in
flicted all sorts of fiendish tortures that
a savage mind can think of, until,
finally, to escape further torture for the
time being at least, poor old Ma-u-ri-ta
confessed that she was the witch. They
will confess to almost anything that is
required of them to be released from
torture.
"The priests charged her with having
caused the death of Wah-woh, who was
a somewhat notable creature, and with
other misdeeds usually attributed to
witches. The Zunis believe that the
witches can cause a plague of grass
hoppers, or other pests, or the .death or
disgrace of any one toward whom they
have a grudge. These Priests of the
Bow cause all the trouble, for they are
the ones who declare that there is a
witch and who seek her out. They in
variably select some poor old person
who is in the way. Any Indian who
has attained wealth enough to own a
wagon need have no fear of ever being
found a witch, as he is too important a
member of the community after that."
Miss Ferrote is also in the employ
of the Interior Department, in the
capacity of field- matron. She visits
all the houses in the village, treats the
sick, consoles the sorrowing, ministers
to the wants of men, women and chil
dren in a perfectly impartial manner
and is called "Mother" by the entire
tribe. Miss Ferrote, according to
Ka-pa-te-wi, or "Mormon," the pres
ent Governor of Zuni, is beloved by
every resident of the village, old and
young.
She said: "I dressed the old woman's
injuries, which were frightfully severe,
and have attended her repeatedly since
that time. So far as I know, no other
woman, except of her own family, has
visited her. I have never seen any
evidence of danger toward any woman
in the employ of the Interior Depart
ment since I have been here, and I do
not believe it exists. I am perfectly
sure that if the soldiers were removed
to-morrow I could go anywhere In the
village, day or night, in perfect safety,
except at night I would carry a stick
Chicago Exchange. A man In the city
had a fox terrier of which he was very
proud, while the dog was as complete
ly devoted to him. He had to go to
some place in Michigan on business
which kept him away for several days.
As soon as he had gone the dog began
to suffer from a severe attack of lone
liness. He wouldn't eat, and lay about
moping until the man's wife was
afraid the terrier would die before his
master's return. One night the man
went into the station of the town
where he was stopping and said that
he wanted to talk to his dog. So con
nection was made with his house and
the receiver was placed to the terrier's
ear. Instantly he recognized his mas
ter's voice and began to frolic about
and bark at a great rate. Two or
three times after that the Chicago man
repeated the performance and he
didn't mind the $10 or $12 that it cost
him in the least.
"There have been various fiction sto
ries written which involved proposals
by telephone, but I know of at least
one instance in which such a thing ac
tually occurred. The young man was
so pleased that when it was over he
told me all about it. He had been
courting a girl in an Ohio town, the
name of which it isn't necessary to
give here, had quarreled with her for
some foolish reason and had come east,
intending to sail for Europe. He had
been thinking the matter over on the
way, decided that he had been a fool,
and when he heard that another fel
low was after the girl made up his
mind to heroic measures. So he sent a
message to the girl asking her to come
to the telephone, but not giving his
name. When he came to the office to
keep the appointment he was the most
nervous fellow I ever saw, and I'll bet
that no man was ever more agitated in
the actual presence of his charmer.
But he managed to get through the
business somehow, and the result was
with which to chase the dogs. lam of the
opinion that if the authorities at Fort!
Wingate had sent word to the four men
that they were wanted at the post,
they would have all gone in without
any one to arrest them. I certainly
do not feel any need of soldiers for pro
tection, and the young ladies in the
school express the same sentiment."
Mr. D. D. Graham, who has been In-4
difin trader at Zuni since 1880, said:
"I don't think there was any real ne
cessity for troops at any time, and do
not think so now. When Major God-i
frey arrived, only two of the priests l
were in the village. He sent for them
and they came. Deputy Sheriff Behil
of Valencia County was there with the
warrants. The two priests were asked
where the two others were and said
that they, could get them. Instead of
locking them up or imprisoning them 1
Major Godfrey told them to go after the
other two men, who were about twenty
miles out in the country. They went
and got them and all four of the men
who were wanted reported next day,
with their blankets, and accompanied!
the troops to .Wingate, whence they,
were sent to Las Lunas and placed in
jail to await trial, which will be th»
latter part of this month. Ni-u-tche,
High Priest of the Bow, Ha-to-tse.
No-ma-see and Ke-a-se, lesser priests,
were the men arrested. Ma-sche, also
a member of the priesthood, is acting
high priest and is conducting th»;
dances in the village now."
I asked Ka-pa-te-wi, the Zunl Gov-j
ernor, if the children would be with
drawn from the school if the troops
were to leave. He speaks fairly good,
English and among other things said:
"Troops make no difference 'bout send
boy and girl school. You ask Wash
ington (meaning the Interior Depart
ment) send 'nother womans for teach,
what no cut off hair, no jaw children;
then Zuni glad send all boy and girl
school. Miss Dessette she want Zunl
girl hair cut all around. She say if Zunl
girl. cut front ("bangs" are worn by all
Zuni girls and women), she cut off back;
hair all same. That what the matter.
Ask Washington send 'nother woman."
"Tu-ma-cha," or "Nick," as he is bestj
known, is the linguist of the tribe. Hei
was for many years interpreter for Mr. 1
Graham and is considered a smart In
dian. He said:
"We don't need soldier; soldier he nou
want to stay here neither. Mlsa Des-'
sette think if soldier stay, him scam)
Zuni girl to go to school. Soldier he no 1
want scare girl. I take my daughter J
out school 'cause Miss Dessette him]
been cuttin' hair. Cut off hair like that]
make Zuni girl look like hell."
W. J. ROUSBL
Scientists assert that the fly chu
make 600 strokes a second with its;
wings.
so satisfactory that the first thing: ha
wanted ,to know when he came out of!
the booth was how soon he could get a
train back to the west. |
, "We have a good many queer; orders!
to fill and they are becoming more nu- \
merous as the telephone comes Into '
more general use. Last fall an opera
singer had negotiations under way with
some New York managers. . They didn't'
want to engage her, however, without
first ; hearing her voice. She was sing
ing in Chicago at the time and couldn't ■
leave. The difficulty was adjusted by? '
telephone. The managers came to my
office, ' the woman sang before ' a big*
transmitter In Chicago and her tones X
were heard with perfect clearness here
in . New York. The ■ test was •so satis
factory . that she : was engaged ' on th« ■:
spot. . . - ■ .
"The newspapers printed accounts of
our.: reproduction I . of Niagara's roar at»
the electrical '',- exposition ; ; and of th»
sounds of the great sound money*
parade In ; Chicago last year, and,' as I;
say, such orders are becoming - mor*
numerous.
"One class of men with whom the
long-distance telephone is in high favor , :
are < the politicians. '■'.'. Perhaps It ; Is be
cause they prefer to trust to spoken
words l: rather ; than written ones, ; even
"where time is not a consideration, per
haps it is because of the facilities which
the telephone gives for keeping in con-!
stant > touch * with I events J that are - ? oc-j '
curring at distant places, but certain it J
is " that I the politicians are " among \ our
most liberal patrons. . .
■ "During • the ' last ' Presidential c cam
paign^ Major McKinley kept : constantly i
.in touch with the ' Republican " head
quarters I both In > New York j and j Chi- :
cago by means of the telephone, and he ■:
received -1 the \ first \ official notice of f his !
election \in J that way. % When' ; important;
bills : are under consideration in Albany ! ;
the ; telephone - wires ; '■-, connecting ?' that '
city with certain ~\ offices In • New York | .'
are kept hot most of the time. . .. ■••." :i
- — ,—, — —^,v ' — ° ■"" ;-•""" J"-*' . "—" — :: — — •'■ '' L-* ' :' j
;.' .iv. "'" ' ' ' ■' ■ ■ '■ ' ■ ."-*'-. '.'■-. ■ :
2324
SOCIETY.
TflE past week has been dull, stale
and unprofitable, as it is right
the first week in Lent should be.
Society is resting and interesting
itself in church and charity work
and incidentally preparing for
the regular summer exodus.
No social festivities will mark the pe
riod of sackcloth and ashes. During mid-
Lent small luncheons and dinners will be
in order, but until then rest, peace, quiet
for fashion's devotees.
"I Gondolieri" gave a very enjoyable
masquerade party last Monday evening
at Maple Hall. Many of the members
wore very elaborate costumes. Among
those present were:
Miss Clothilde Chlchizola, Miss Emma
Grondona, Miss S. Sposito, Miss Stella
Petrachi, Miss Lillie Rocca, Miss Eleanor
Cella, Miss Vera Panarlo, Miss Lydla
Spadina, Miss Ange Spadina, Miss Lottie
Borlini, Miss Pedrina Pellarano, Miss
Mary Pellarano, Miss L. Marsellas, Miss
M. Beretta, Miss Adeline Maggini, Miss
Eda Beronio, Miss M. Decourtieux, Miss
A. Levaggi, Miss Maggie Fontana, Miss
A. R. Arata, Miss Alice Bacigalupi, Miss
Maggie Bacigalupi, Miss Eugenia Brizzo
lara, Mrs. 11. J. Sartor!, Miss Rica Merlo,
Miss Emma Roberts, Miss Margaret Rob
erts, Miss P. Bartlett, Miss R. Bart
lett. Miss Josephine Wilhelm, Miss
M. Horwege, Miss S. Tonini, A. A.
Borlini, H. L. Sartori. C. F. Grandona, "\\.
R. Borlini, V. Luchetti, Dr. H. J. Sar
tori, N. Pellerano, C. Caglieri, A.
E. Sbarboro, G. J. Panario, Romolo
A* Sbarboro, G. Bacigalupi, A. H. Gia
nartini, Carl Bundschu. A. C. Baidocchi,
L. F.- Serieano. S. Federspiel, Alex W.
Pape, Bert L. Davis, B. L. Bush, A. Lim
berg, J. E. Pake. C. A. Davis, G. B. Root,
Dr. E. A. Clay, D. F. R. Axton, Fred El
liott, J. L. Halsted.
The second party of the Cotillon Club
of 1898 took place on Friday evening,
February IS, at Sherman & Clay's Hall.
The affair was a most delightful one.
Several figures of the german were
danced, led by Bruce Large and Miss
May Schuur. Those in the first set were
Robert Schord, Miss Minnie Strehl,
Bernard Philip Gleason and Miss Kate
F. Lynch, William E. Schord, Miss Flor
ence Meyers. Jose P. Lavin, Miss Flora
Smith, Lesslle Coggins and Miss Maude
Papst, A. Ferguson, Lulu Edwards, R.
B. Howe, Miss Alyse Adamson, George
T. Montgomery, Miss Eda A. Conrad,
Grace Culbertson, William AY. Leathe and
Ophelia Turee.
Mrs. M. L. Ainsworth gave a theater
party on Monday night at the Baldwin
and later entertained the guests at sup
per at her home on Van Ness avenue.
Those present were Miss Edie M. Con-
Jey, Miss Ella McElroy. Miss Clara
Fields, Miss Lillian Piombo of Oakland,
Miss Bernice Page, Miss Grace Free
man. Messrs. Arthur Van Tessler, Bruce
£>. Coleman, Ima Blackerville, Harvey
A. Stone, Arthur Hicock and Clyde L.
Ainsworth.
Thursday evening the Zeta Omieron
fraternity of the College of Medicine, Un
iversity of California, held its second an
nual banquet at the California Hotel.
Niei C. Trew introduced Henry Kugeler,
M. D., as toastmaster. The following
toasts were responded to: "Our Hon
• orary Members," Dr. J. M. Williamson;
"The Fraternity," C. H. B. Laughlin;
"Medical Department, University of Cal
ifornia." Dr. R. Beverly Cole: "Our Fra
■ ternity," Dr. Washington Dodge; "Our
: ; Alumni*" Dr. Ryfkogel; "Art in Medi
cine," Dr. Hay; "Zeta Omieron," G. L.
Stevenson: "Our Students," Dr. Powers;
"Foreign Students," Dr. yon Hoffman;
"Future of Our Fraternity." Dr. Barbat;
"Our University," Dr. Huntington. Musi
cal selections were rendered by T. Allen
Smith and G. J. McChesney and recita
tions by William E. Stevens.
.: The following members were present:
R. Beverly Cole, M. D., Washington
Dodge, M. D., George H. Powers, M. D.,
- J." M. Willinmson,. M. D., D. W. Mont
gomery, M. D., C. A. yon Hoffman, M. D.,
W. E. Taylor, M. D., J. Henry Barbat,
M. D., H. A. L. Ryfkogel, M. D., Herbert
CMoffitt, M. D., William Gilbert Hay,
M. P., H. B. A. Kugeler. M. P., Thomas
:!. ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
i +♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦<
:= OF
:; S. F\ :
""• ■-■ Our stores are rented and
_ we wind up business in two
► weeks.
► \ We will not resume in any
► other location, nor will our
-- firm be succeeded 'by any
other firm.
• ■" — ' •
: To -Morrow
A.T
\{\ O'CLOCK,
X". And daily for Two Weeks
X- ONLY— 11 to 5,
\} FINAL
RETAIL
[auction
f ■ ■ ■ . ■"
: SALE .
£ Of Dinner Sets, Lamps, Beauti-
J; ful Chinaware, Ornaments,
r Glassware, e f c
I WE MEAN Business !
I Are you alive to this
I great opportunity ?
I cook :& co.
k 123 KEARNY ST.
B. W. Leland, M. D., Hoi ton C. Curl, M.
D.. S. D. Huntington, M. D.. C. J. Bart
lett, N. C. Trew, C. H. B. Laughlin, W.
P. Willard, T. J. Clark, R. T. Legge, S.
J. Onesti, H. E. Alderson, William G.
Moore, F. W. Simpson, W. L. Bell, S.
G. M. Gardner, G. L. Stevenson, S. W.
Langdon Jr., G. A. Weyer, T. A. Smith,
William E. Stevens and G. J. McChes-
ney.
JhevjVe Engaged.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Bessie Forbes Taylor, the daughter of
Captain Murray F. Taylor, formerly of
Virginia, and Frederick Hampden Robin
son, son of the late Hugh George Robin
son of York, England. Captain M. F.
Taylor, father of Mies Taylor, is well
known on this coast, being related to the
Thorntons, Crittendens, Robinsons and
many others. He was for many years in
charge of the ranches of Messrs. J. B.
Haggin and Tevis, and is now in charge
of the large ranch at San Simeon. San
Luis Obispo County, belonging to Mrs.
P. A. Hearst, widow of the late Senator
Hearst. The marriage of the young couple
is to take place in April.
F. Phillips announces the engagement
of his daughter, Rebecca M. Phillips, to
Jules Abrahamson of Oakland. They will
receive on Sunday, the 27th inst., and
Tuesday, March 1. from 2 to 6, at the
residence, 1261 Octavia street.
Mr. and Mrs. Felix Coblentz announce
the engagement of their daughter, Eda,
to Albert Frankenau. They will receive
Sunday. February 27, and Tuesday, March
1, at their residence. 122 Broderick street.
Mr. and Mrs. D. 8. Levy announce the
engagement of their daughter, Kate, to
Moses E. Friedman. At home Sunday,
February 27, from 3 to 6 o'clock, at 1802
O'Farrell street.
Wedding Bells.
On Wednesday evening the wedding of
Edward B. Carr and Miss Deborah Lu
citt was celebrated at St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, Rev. Father Mc-
Donnell officiating. The church was
crowded with friends of both bride and
groom. After the ceremony a wedding
supper was held at the residence ot the
bride's mother, Mrs. M. Lucitt, 34 Lafay
ette street. About 150 relatives and
friends were present. Mr. and Mrs. Carr
left on their honeymoon Thursday, to be
gone about a week, after which they will
receive their friends at their residence,
2513 Mission street.
On Wednesday evening last, at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Gooch, on
Warner avenue, San Leandro, the wed
ding of their daughter Eva Mac and Ed
gar Welsh took place. The bride was a.t
tended by Miss Mac Gooch and the groom
by General A. J. Gooch as best man. The
bride was attired In a beautiful white silk
gown. Rev. B. W. Perry officiated. The
home presented a pretty scene, the par
lors being decorated with smllax and
fern 6 and in the main parlor hung a beau
tiful bell of roses, under which the mar
riage vows were taken. The ceremony
was followed by a wedding supper, the
bridal table being prettily decorated with
violets. The bridal party comprised a few
intimate friends. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Gooch, General A. J.
Gooch, Rev. B. W. Perry and wife, Miss
Mac Boatman, Mrs. G. P. Thomas, the
Misses Viola and Edna Gooch, D. J. Hal
lahan, F. Stenzel, E. Labhard, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Mclnnes. J. K. Richardson, Har
vey W. Gooch, Mr. and Mrs. Perry, Miss
Short. Professor T. A. Robinson, Mrs. C.
Keane Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Edson, Mr.
and Mrs. Immel. Mr. and Mrs. Darler
Miss Emily Woods. After a two weeks'
trip to Monterey and Santa Cruz the hap
py couple will reside in San Francisco.
™ Iff T , ues , da >\ evening a very pretty
viedding took place at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Burke. 422 Fell
street the contracting parties being Wil
liam Pinto of the United Carriage Com
pany, Palace Hotel, and Agnes llinerva
Burke. The home was most artistically
decorated with smilax- and ferns. AfteV
hearty congratulations the guests re
paired to the dining-room, where an ex
cellent supper awaited them. Many
toasts were responded to. Dancing, which
followed, was. continued until morning
The bride, who was attired In a white
organdie dress, was attended by her sis
ter. Miss Kathryn Burke, and Miss Mac
and Frances Burke as bridesmaids. C.
R. Little acted. as best man. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and . Mrs. Gilbert
Burke. Mr. and Mrs. George Pinch,
Mr. and Mrs. William Pinto. Mrs. Charles
Hilton. Mrs. M. A. negan, Mi«s Kathryn,
Mac and Frances Burke, Miss Mamie
and Josie Crowlqy, Miss Maude Jones
Miss May and Lillian Prince, David Pin
lo, Sol Fisher, George Casey, C. R. Lit
tle. John Mason, Gilbert Burke Jr. and
Raffele Perich. Mr. and Mrs. William
Pinto have left for an extended trip
South, and on their return will reside in
this city. :
The marriage of Carrie Lederer and
Louis Barnet took place at 920 Bush street
on Sunday, February 20. The wedding
was a family affair, only the relatives
and a few intimate friends being present.
Misses Rose and Mary Levy acted as
bridesmaids, and Ben Barnet, a brother
of the groom, was best man. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. Dr. Nieto
at 6 o'clock, after which the guests par
took of a sumptuous repast.
Mr. and Mrs. Barnet are now sojourn
ing In the southern part of the State, and
on their return will reside at 27 Belcher
street.
A very pretty but quiet wedding, which
took place at St. Mary's Cathedral, on
Van Ness avenue on Thursday afternoon
at 2 o'clock, was that of P. J. Kelly and
Miss Lizzie McNeney. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father Dempsey, and
was witnessed only by the relatives and
a few friends. The bridesmaid was Miss
Etta Lynch, and the groom was attended
by J. Mcßrlde. After the wedding there
was a reception for the bridal larty and a
limited number of guests at the residence
of the bride's uncle and aunt, Mr. and
Mrs. R. O'Brien, 1508 Franklin street.
Mr. and Mrs. Kelly took the afternoon
train for an extended trip through South
ern Ciilifornia. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. P.. Kelly Mr. and
Mrs. R. O'Brien, J. Mc^ide, Miss Etta
Lynch, Mr. and Mrs. Byrnes, Mrs. I R
Lind, Mr. Callighan, Miss O'Mara, Miss
Farrell, Miss Koopan.
Home Gatherings.
A very delightful surprise party was
tendered Fred Perfetto by the Jolly Un
knowns under the leadership of Miss
Frances Clarke, Sunday, February 20, at
Washington-square Hall. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Bagones,
Mrs. Clarke, Frances Clarke, Lena Prato,
Maggie Rossle, Stella Swabe, Maggie Wal
lace, Mary Schohay, Emily Clarke, Flor
ence Margraff. Kate Flynn, Mary
Clarke, Kate Volpe, Maud Grace, Mar
garet Bianchl, Maggie Flynn, Annie
Sharkey, Maggie Lawlor, A*gnes George,
Charles Trasky, Joe Balducci, Peter Mar
chettl, George Kellenberger, Gus Undo,
Arthur Crane, Henry Newman, John
Peterson. Willie Schohay, Arthur Suares,
Willie Shay, Frank Schohay, Louis Cam
pi, Michael Dalton, Frank Pelosa, Ross
MARIE WAINWRIGHT'S OPINION OF THE DRAMA.
Marie Wainwright's desertion of the so
called legitimate field of the drama, for
the more prosaic and infinitely more prof
itable branch called melodrama, has at
tracted no little attention this season.
Miss Wainwright admits that she could
not make "both ends meet" In the high-
class Shakespearean roles, In which she
appeared for so many years.
"Our taate for Shakespeare seems to be
in somewhat of a dormant condition," she
says. "When there are such artistic pro
ductions as Mr. Daly, Mr. Irving and
many of our own stars have given us, we
can hardly lay the blame at the door of
the long-suffering manager for the non
support of the immortal bard. But, alas,
we have fallen upon degenerate times,
and we actorn and managers must live,
and living for us means pleasing the ever
fickle playgoer, who must have what he
demands. Just now Shakespeare la not
his mood.
"A few years ago the situation was dif
ferent. The stage was not then flooded
with the farcical trash that is now inun
dating the good and legitimate. Unless
the public wakes up to its own degener
acy I cannot see what will become of the
drama. You see I take a rather pessimis
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
Demante. Fred Perfetto, Frank Peter
son, Eddie Prato, John Crowell.
Miss Louise Maud gave an outing on'
Sunday last at Laurel Canyon in honor
of Miss Florence Scatena. Those in the
I>arty were: Miss Florence Scatena, Miss
Aurelia Mills, Miss Louise Pillissiere,
Miss May Kinly, Miss Ella O'Connor,
Messrs. Eugene Roth, C. C. AVllson,
Harry Belcher, Frank Barham, George
Giannini, J. C. Smith and Frank Kelly.
Mrs. W. D. Howard of Salt Laake City
chaperoned several young ladles at the
Baldwin Theater last Monday evening.
Those in the party were: Miss Phelita
Armstrong, Miss Belle Shade, Miss Mac
L. Johnston and Miss Irene Hoffman
Miss Belle Lampe of 2134 Mission street
gave a reception Thursday evening to her
friends, Miss Alice Quinn of Sacramento
and Miss Elise Brown of Petaluma. The
evening was pleasantly spent In music
and dancing.
A most enjoyable evening at home was
given by Misses Rlordan at their resi
dence, 2871 Twenty-fourth street, on
Monday evening.
The parlor was artistically decorated
with violets and smilax. Dancing and
games were participated in until midnight
when the company assembled in the din
ing-room and were served with a sumptu
ous repast.
Among those present were: Miss Idell
Bullene of Seattle, Misses Nona Fennes
sey, Annie O'Connell, Josie Rlordan, Eva
Cavanaugh, Kittle Johnson, Elizabeth
Riordan, Minnie Malone and Mac Rior
dan, Messrs. Charles Flynn, James Daly,
Will Mohey, Dan Riordan, Robert Dun
phy, Charles Fordyce, Fred Ruddick,
George Lovejoy, Hebbert Harvey, James
Calway, Frank Bray, James Flynn, M.
Riordan.
Mrs. H. H. Dunlap gave a dancing
party on the night of Washington's birth
day at the Hotel El Monte. The dining
room was cleared for dancing which was
kept up till the "wee sma' " hours with
an intermission to enjoy a bountiful col
lation. Among those present were Mes
dames Armstrong. Dunlap, Clarke, Yon
(tetrom, Piutti, Burns, Nolan, Bard,
Krambach and McComas, the Misses
Wilson, McComas, Cordoza. Poor and
Smith, and Messrs. Wilson, Piutti, Robb,
Lieb, Dillard, Saunders, Vigeroux, Clark,
Hilliard, Richards, Williams, Burns, Watt
and Sternfeld.
Mr. and Mrs. Orville B. Caldwell gave
a most delightful "patriotic evening at
home" on Tuesday, February 22. Their
beautiful residence, corner Adeline and
Stanley streets, Berkeley, was appropri
ately decorated with American flags,
bunting and Chinese lanterns; the arched
entrance, the parlors and the dining hall
being especially decorated with artistic
finish. In the most prominent place in
the front parlor hung a picture of the
hero of the day, George Washington,
which was gracefully enfolded in the
draperies of a large American flag. To
the right was placed a pretty floral
hatchet. The programme of the even
ing was in keeping with the holiday, and
consisted of the following numbers:
March, "Washington Post," Mrs. J. El
lison; reading. "The Life of George Wash
ington," Professor J. Grammill; piano
solo, "Marching Through Georgia," Miss
L. Olinstein; recitation, "Pat's First Let
ter >rom America," Mrs. O. B. Caldwell;
reading, "The Origin of the Star-spangled
Banner," J. Ellison; song, "The Star-
Spangled Banner," Miss K. D. Mac Do
nald; charades, bearing on American his
tory," Mrs. C. J. Lancaster and Miss L.
Lancaster; song, "America," by the
Washington sextet; accompanist, Mrs. T.
Jenne.
After the musical and literary pro
gramme the game of "Presidential Poetry
Matching" was much enjoyed by the
guests. The souvenirs of the occasion
were very pretty and unique Washing
ton badges, which were made and de
signed by the hostess. Shortly before 11
o'clock the guests marched to the spa.
cious dining-hall, <md the "Presidents
and their wives" partook of the choice
repast which had been prepared for them.
Dancing concluded the evening's enjoy
ment. Those present were: G. Baker, R.
Caldwell. Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Ellison, Professor J. Gammill, Mr.
Gardiner, Mr. and Mrs. J. Huber, Mr.
and Mrs. T. Jenne. Commodore and Mrs.
C J. Lancaster, Miss L. Lancaster, Mr.
Lyons, Miss D. Mac Donald. Miss S. Mar
shall, Miss L. Olinstein, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Sunder, Miss L. Vagts, C. Vagts.
Glub farties.
There was an enjoyable picnic given at
Strawberry Hill Tuesday, February 22,
by the eighth grade of St. Vinvenfs
Academy. The morning was spent in
games, the afternoon in lunching and
rowing. Those who participated were
Miss Marie McDermott, Miss Mayme
Hall, Miss Kathleen Callan, Miss The
resa Wilson, Miss Helena O'Leary, Miss
Mac Raclk. Miss May R. Blake.
"The '97's" gave their closing promen
ade last Thursday evening at Masonic
Hall, Oakland. The club entertained
its friends, fully eighty couples being In
attendance. The patronesses of the even
ing were Mrs. E. C. Dozier, Mrs. E. H.
Williams, Mrs. Captain J. H. McMenomy,
Mrs. H. A. Randell, Mrs. TV. A. Griffith.
The club is under the directorship of
Messrs. H. A. Williams. G. F. Eggers, C.
H. Norwood, F. W. Geiger and F. J. Stoer
and has given six very successful prom
enades this winter.
On Tuesday evening, February 22, the
members of the Monarch Social Club ten
dered a reception at 317 Geary street to
their president, George Washington Alex
ander, this being his natal da,y. The
evening was spent amid singing, recita
tions and dancing, and at 12 o'clock a
sumptuous supper was served. Toasts
were made in honor of the father of our
country, George Washington, and in
honor of the president of the club. Mr.
Alexander, who responded in a neat and
well chosen speech. Many patriotic
toasts were drunk.
/\r\r\iv>ersarv| Partvj.
Mr. and Mrs. M. B. Barry gave a de
lightful party Saturday evening, Febru
ary 12, at their home, 3984 Twentieth
street, It being the tenth anniversary of
their marriage. A number of their Inti
mate friends were present. The house
was tastefully decorated with ferns and
evergreens and a very enjoyable evening
was spent. The happy couple were the
recipients of several costly gifts. Those
present were Mr. and Mrs.- Barry, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Cronin, Mr. and Mrs. J.
O'Connell, Mr. and Mrs. William Carey,
Mrs. R. O'Connell, Mrs. M. Dunlea, Mrs.
A. O'Leary. Misses M. and A. O'Connell,
Miss Ella Sheehan, Miss Loretta O'Con
nell, Miss M. Manning, Misses L. and N.
Quirk, A. Sorey, M. Barry, M. and K.
Lynch, M. Ahem, S. Dineen, M. Burns,
N. Carey, M. Cronin, M. Kelleher, Misses
Mary, Ella and Katie Dunlea. E. Murphy,
B. Barry, J. Duane, D. Murphy, T.
Hawks, S. Birmingham. T. F. Barry, T.
E. McEneany, J. Clifford, J. Lynch, R.
Foley, P. Barry, J. Foley, D. Barry, J.
Finn, J. Dunlea, D. Dunlea, M. Riley, J.
Manning, J. Kelly, D. O'Connell, J. Burns
and P. Buckley.
Ir\ the Future.
The Ariel Road Club will give Its sec
ond annual social at Alcazar Social Hall
Thursday evening, March 3.
The Barmitzvah of Simon Harris, son
of Mr. and Mrs. D. Cohen, will take place
Saturday, March 5, at the Taylor street
synagogue. They will receive their friends
the following day (Sunday) from 2 to 5
p. m.
The Barmitzvah of Sol Wolff, son of
Mr. and Mrs. William Wolff of 308 Hayes
street, will take place Saturday, March
5, at the Geary street Temple. They will
receive the following day (Sunday) from 2
to 5 p. m.
r tic view of the matter, but It seems to me
I a most serious question.
"I think the fault is due to the state of
the country in general, and the pulse of
j the "people Is best judged by the amuser
ments thoy seek. Our men are in a whirl
of business and political excitement all
day. When they come home they want
entertainment that will not tax their tired
brains. The gentler sex, who would rath
er follow the loves and sorrows of 'Heav
enly Rosalind,' or the 'Divine Desdemona,'
humor their weary lords, and so the
houses presenting the frothy matter that
their worn out senses crave are crowded
! and the manager artistically producing
| Shakespeare Bits forlorn in his office for
few come his way. If the day ever arrives
when the overworked male contingent has
time and inclination to think and feel af
ter 6 o'clock in the day, then their tastes
will crave better things. Then the public
will go to the theater to seek the good
and beautiful for Its own sake, and not
because they want an antidote for ihe
rise and fall of stocka.
"So much for the frothy stuff. Witi the
melodrama it is somewhat different. /Good
melodrama is as legitimate as the poetjcal
drama of the great writers of long airo 1
and in many cases it is much mow whflj*
some. Melodrama has always taken/. a
staple article of dramatic food andnt to.l
wavs will be so long as it clearly dMnftgfl
I right and wrong."
ATE THIRTY GEESE IN THIRTY DAYS
-and—
HE'S READY TO DO IT AGAIN.
SOUTH BEND is proud In the citi
zenship of the champion goose eater.
His name is Charles L. Wurz. He
has eaten thirty geese In thirty days.
Each of these geese weighed eleven
pounds before cooking, and South
Bend epicures are amazed. In a month
he has eaten twice his weight in geese.
This was the song with which Wurz
cheered his drooping spirits. For a month
he ate goose morning, noon and night:
"Oh, it is my opinion, . ,
That stuffed with sage and lnyun.
No bird that flies is half so nice
As goose with sage and inyun.
Goose was with him sleeping and wak
ing. He wrestled successfully with the
problem, however and at the finish was
ten pounds heavier than when he began,
says the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Benjamin Rose, the man who took the
other end of the bet, lost $200 on Mr.
Wurz's remarkable capacity for bird.
Those who have successfully tackled
thirty small and Insignificant quail in
thirty days will be amazed when they
learn that Mr. Wurz not only won his
wager but that he has actually thrived
on the diet. _ ,
It was an ill-fated clay when Benjamin
Rose met Wurz a month ago and took
up the subject of goose as an article of
diet.
"Why," said Wurz, "I like goose bo
well that I could pet away with one a
day for thirty days."
"You are talking through your hat,
replied Rose. "Why. I know a man who
tried to eat thirty quail in thirty days,
and he got sick on the fifteenth bird and
gave it up. Thirty geese! Mt.
The discussion became warm. Both
men became heated. "I'll tell y;u what
I'll do," said Rose. "I'll bet you $200 that
you can't eat a goose every day for thirty
days." •
"Done. I win." sail Wurz.
Then the following agreement was
drawn up:
I am to be Riven 24 hours to eat one gooso
a day for 30 successive days. . .. .
I, Charles Wurz. aptve to eat each bird.
The geese, after beinK ricked, must weigh
no less than six and no more than 11 pounds.
All eating must be <!<ne in the presence of
duly appointed witness. ■*, who are to be mem
bers of the Elks' Lodfre. "
If I fail to perform the above feat I hereby
promise to pay Benjamin Knf=e the sum of $20fl.
The agreement signed by Rose was as
follows:
I. Benjamin Rose, hereby wager Charles L.
Wurz the sum of $200 that he cannot eat 30
geese in 30 consecutive days, said ge«se to
■weigh not less than six nor more than 11
pounds.
These geese are to be selected by me. The
breast must be boiled, the wings and legs
Mr. and Mrs. S. Plato will celebrate
their sixtieth wedding- anniversary at the
residence of their daughter, Mrs. I. Both,
710 Octavia street. Sunday, March 6, from
2 to 6 o'clock.
The annual nr'tiner of the Society of
the Little Sisters' Infant Shelter will be
held at 512 Minna street Tuesday, March
1, at 1:30 p. m., for the purpose of elect
ing a new boara of directors. All mem
bers are requested to be present.
Stanford Ur\ivtersiKj.
The sophomore class cotillion took place
Tuesday evening. The attendance was
particularly large and everything went off
smoothly. Ten dances preceded the ger
man, which contained three simple but
pretty figures. It was led by Class Presi
dent Burnett, with Miss Connoau.
Among the visitors were Miss Marie
REVOLUTION IN THE AIR.
Continued from Page Seventeen.
in price and money is becoming pro
portionately scarcer. Gutierrez is held
up to the ignorant natives as the cause
of the present hard times. Change the
government and change the times was
whispered.
He has reiterated time and again
that he will set an example for future
Salvadorian Presidents by stepping
out of office on the day his term ex
pires. But the people, chafing under
the thoughts of waiting a year for that
event, have had their impatience
fanned into fury by the students of the
university.
And this Is how the revolution
started:
The residents of San Salvador awoke
one morning not long ago to find on
their doorsteps a little newspaper
teeming with burning denunciation of
Gutierrez, his policy and the Govern
ment. The name of the paper was
well chosen: El Latigo— The Lash.
With all the fire and enthusiasm of
hot-blooded youth, the student editors
scourged the Government. They plied
the lash fiercely and furiously.
Next day notice was sent to the
rector of the university by the Govern
ment commanding him to see that the
paper was suppressed. A meeting of
the students was promptly called, and
the two young men who had edited
the sheet boldly admitted their handi
work.
The rector tried in vain to administer
reproof. His words were drowned by
the bravos, cheers and shouts of ap
proval that rang from the assembled
students.
Fired by enthusiasm, the editors de
clared that they would continue to
publish El Latigo even though they
were expelled for it.
The next morning the second number
of El Latigo appeared. The official
newspaper of the town was neglected,
and the citizens swallowed the burning
editorials in El Latigo with their morn
ing coffee. What action would the
President take against the irrepres
sible students? That was the one
question on every lip.
At nightfall the question was an
swered. All that day squads of stu
dents paraded the streets with flying
banners whereon was emblazoned
"Free Speech, Free Press." The youth
ful orators gathered at the street cor
ners and addressed the multitude,
grumbling over hard times. It was not
difficult to arouse them. Gutierrez had
long since lost favor in their eyes.
"Santa Maria, what sort of a man is
this President? Out with him!" they
shouted.
Unmolested by the Government the
students thus tried their eloquence on
the populace. Their blood was stirred
and interference on the part of the
police was all they thirsted for. because
it would have meant a set-to, fight,
bloodshed and a baptism of glory for
the cause.
At nightfall the students assembled
in front of the university buildings and
from there marched to Bolivar Park,
where all San Salvador betakes itself
in the cool of the evening. But this
night everything else was forgotten,
and the people thronged about the
|Matform erected for the occasion and
Applauded the editors of El Latigo, aa
they hurled defiance at the President,
fried and the back roasted brown. These por
tions, including the gizzard, must be eaten
by Wurz in the presence of duly appointed
■witnesses.
If Charles Wurz performs this feat I hereby
promise to pay him the sum of $200.
When the clock struck the hour of mid
night last Friday night Wurz had com
pleted his thirtieth goose, and Rose
handed over the wager of $200, at the
same time proclaiming Wurz the cham
pion goose-eater of the world.
Never for a moment during the long
ordeal did Wurz falter in his task. The
first ten geese disappeared like magic,
and the weight of the eater increased
perceptibly. Then Wurz went about his
task with more thought and deliberation.
He consulted his appetite with more care
and took more exercise. He tried in
every way to forget that he was eating
goose.
Rose took good care to see that every
goose was up- to the full weight and it
is probable that the- net gooseflesh eaten
by Wurz every day was fully eight
pounds.
What makes It all the more remarkable
is that Wurz weighs only about 165
Messer. Miss Etta Edwards, Miss Reed
Hutchins. Miss Pearl Sabin, Miss Bessie
Be Dell, Miss Shane and Miss Hosmer of
San Francisco, Miss Schwartz of Los An
geles and Miss Nellie North of San Jose.
Ensign Preston and Mathematician Rus
coe, U. S. N., were down as guests of the
Sigma Alpha Epsllon fraternity and
Messrs. Budd and Poster of Berkeley and
Charlie Field visited their fraternity
brothers at the Zeta Psi House.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan were at home to
the students last Friday evening. A num
ber of well though out charades. In
which the president took a prominent
part, were given. These monthly "at
! homes" which Dr. Jordan and his wife
give to the students are very popular and
those who go once always make endeav
ors to attend others.
Delta T'psilon fraternity gave a musi
cale on Saturday evening and not since
the Kirmess, of happy memory, have so
the Government and the rector of the
university.
"Who shall bid us stop our paper?
Have we not the right of free press;
have we not the right of free speech?
Shall we maintain our rights? We will.
And you, fellow students, will you help
us?"
"Si! si!" madly yelled the students.
But while their shouts were sounding
on the air, mounted regulars and police
charged the crowd and captured the
editors, despite the frantic defense of
their spirited friends.
The prisoners were taken to Jail,
where they spent the night, thus pre
venting the appearance of El Latigo
on the following morning.
The next day the students were re
leased, after a law forbidding inflam
matory speeches, passed seven years
before, was read to them.
The rector of the university refused
to allow them to continue their studies.
Formal notices of expulsion were hand
ed them.
Immediately a mass-meeting of stu
dents was called and all but twenty de
clared that if the two editors were ex
pelled they would quit college with
them.
The rector remained firm, so the stu
dent body quietly marched out of the
building, leaving a handful to uphold
the dignity of the institution. The rec
tor is the only salaried man in the uni
versity at San Salvador, all the other
instructors giving their services vol
untarily, the lawyers and doctors con
sidering it an honor to be chosen to
instruct In the medical and law depart
ments.
The students who had voluntarily
marched out of the university rented a
suitable building, easily secured in
structors and soon had their own uni
versity in good working order.
That they would go to such lengths
shows how determined they are and
what a factor they will be in the forth
coming revolution.
A gentleman who has spent many
years in Salvador says that the fact
that everything has been compara
tively quiet since the discontinuance of
El Latigo and the desertion of the
State University only goes to show
that some definite plan of 'action has
been agreed upon by the dissatisfied.
Merchants are said to be waiting for
turbulent times to order their goods,
for then it will be an easy matter to
avoid paying duty.
Each little county in Salvador has
its contestant for the Presidential
plum, and that is a great point in fa
vor of Gutierrez, for they will be di
vided among themselves. The two
principal aspirants are Prudencio Al
faro, the present Vice-President, and
Carlos Melendez.
Another Important factor In the
contest is the question as to the where
abouts of the 20,000 stand of arms that
the Ezetas supplied their recruits dur
ing the Gutierrez revolution. Nobody
knows where those arms are secreted.
The probability is that each man hid
his crwn accouterments and that it will
be impossible for either side to lay
hands on them.
It may be a week, It may be a month
before the revolution breaks out.
Which side will win? Who can tell?
Not even the professional revolu
tionist. E. W.
many members of the faculty and their
ladies come tog-ether at one time. A
well-chosen programme was executed, of
which Air. Savannah, violin soloist, and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BARGAINS
CREATREDUCTIOHSALE
That the REMAINING DAYS of our GREAT
SPECIAL REDUCTION SALE WILL BE THE BIGGEST
BARGAIN DAYS OF ALL will be readily apparent
from the subjoined Cloak Department Specials,
which, in connection with the numberless other
equally seasonable lines remaining from our VAST
OVERSTOCK are offered at
CUTS TO FORCE THEM OUT IMMEDIATELY !
fr? CA LADIES' ASTRACAN CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, star collar,
tp£»<7v card ornament in front, two tone effects; former price, $5 00; re-
duced to $2 50.
$7 CA LADIES' NAVY BLUE ASTRACAN CLOTH JACKETS, fly
yu.uv fronts, star collar; former price, $5 00; reduced to $2 50.
$5 CA LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, storm collar.
«po.t-w pearl buttons at neck, colors black and navy; former price, $7 50;
reduced to $3 50.
tfC nn LADIES' BLACK ASTRACAN CLOTH JACKETS, lined all
•Pt^vV through with silk serge, fly fronts, silk cord garniture; former
price, $10 00; reduced to $5 00.
*£ AA LADIES' GREEN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, silk lined fronts,
<pd.VV star collar; former price, $10 00: reduced to $5 00.
fit CA LADIES' ROYAL BLUE KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, half silk
»pwo3w lined, star collar, strapped seams; former price, $12 00; reduced to
$6 50.
*7 CA LADIES' RUSSIAN BLOUSE JACKETS, handsomely braided.
$i.t)U fronts and collar edged with fur; former price, $15 00; reduced to
$7 50.
01 CA LADIES' VAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, half silk lined, fly
«Pl.Du fronts, star collar, strapped seams; former price, $12 50; reduced
to $7 50.
*1 ?C LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, assort-
ipl.it; ed patterns; former price, $175; reduced to $125.
*? 7C LADIES' BLACK DAMASSE DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and
yu.ltj faced with India Striped Moreen; former price, $5 00; reduced to
$2 75.
$3 iC LADIES' FIGURED MATELASSE DRESS SKIRTS, assorted col-
yo.'tv ors> double lined and velvet bound; former price, $6 00; reduced to
$3 45.
2^* Sec Chronicle and Examiner for ADDITIONAL BARGAINS'
{/(/ Murphy Building, J [/[/ Murphy Building-, J
Market aid Jones fets. Market and Jones Streets.
pounds. This would make the total goose
actually eaten weig^i 240 pounds and the
conglomerated goose in its feathers weigh
330 poumls.
Wurz and Rose are members of the
Order of Elks, and their -^uod qualities,
both in the personal and epicurean lines,
are well known. Here is his own story:
I did not find it any trouble to eat thir
ty geese in thirty days. I simply quit
eating everything else and gave my
whole attention to it. I did not suffer at
all from indigestion, as goose is very
agreeable to me. I found the greatest
trouble with the fried legs and wings, as
some of them were tough. Every goose
was up to the weight limit and
was eaten in the presence of reliable wit
nesses. I am ready, after a certain time,
to undertake the same task again for a
reasonable sum of money. I do not think
I would have any trouble in eating two
quail a day for thirty consecutive days.
At a recent meeting: of the directors
of the New River Company it was
etated that, with the exception of a rel
atively small quantity taken from a
main belonging to the Midland Rail
way Company, the whole of the water
used in the extinction of the great
Jewin-street fire in the city of London
was supplied from the pipes of the
New River Company. The total quan
tity drawn by the fire brigade was 13,
000,000 gallons, which is equal to a
weight of 67,000 tons. The whole of
this vast quantity of water was sup
plied free of charge.
"Where is my meerschaum pipe?"
asked Mr. Younghusbana, prowling
around his library, angrily.
"Here it is, dear," replied Mrs. T., of
fering him a dark-colored, object. "You
know I knew how long you'd been
trying to color it and how anxious you
■were about it, and so to-day I was
very busy, like a good little wife, and
painted it beautifully in oils and a lit
tle gilding. I knew you'd like it."
Miss Griffin, pianist, were the chief feat
ures. The house, one of the finest ijmpng'
Stanford's beautiful fraternity "houses,'
was prettily decorated for the occasion; :NEWEST GOWNS FOR THE LENTEN SEASON.
Wthe next six weeks the woman
of fashion, the home woman
and the ■woman of medium
tastes all will observe Lent, for
there is do season that is more generally
hallowed by "womankind than this.
Specially in a woman's robes does this
Show, and Lenten waists. Lenten gowns,
mostly church or.es, and Lenten fads
and foibles are all now to be seen in the
shops.
But during Lent a woman's fancy,
Vhen not at church, turns most steadily
to thoughts of house dresses, pretty
■waists which she can wear at the only
function allowable In Lent— the midday
luncheon. You can call it a late break
fast, if you please, and can have it served
tn your, upstairs sitting-room or boudoir.
A DESIGN IN FINE FLANNEL
QUEER PRACTICES OF THE
NEGRO VOODOO DOCTORS
THE mysterious rites of Voodoo,
instead of being upon the de
cline among the Northern ne
groes, seem rather to obtain a
firmer hold every day. Civiliza
tion would appear to have little or no
effect in deterring the colored race
from patronizing "voodoo doctors" and
squandering money on "conjuring
; speils."
■Such is the opinion of Dr. L. B. Or
chard, a well-known Southerner, who
has devoted some time and study to the
subject of voodooism throughout the
■cities on the hither side of Mason and
Dixan's line.
■ -"I can state of my own knowledge,"
says i>r. Orchard, "that there are now
in New York at least seven voodoo doc
; tors practicing among the colored peo
ple, apparently with considerable profit
. to themselves. In Philadelphia I know
of three voodoo doctors in the nelgh
. "borhood of South street alone. One of
the Quaker City practitioners of 'con
juring' has a national reputation
among the colored people. He Is Eben
ilassy, and his age must be about 90
years, although negroes will tell you
with awe that he has long passed hiu
. one hundredth winter.
' "I know personally of only one voo
doo doctor in Chicago, although I have
been told that there are many others.
Pittsburg rejoices in a female con
jurer. Chief of Detectives Roger
o'Mara introduced me to her some
years ago. She was then living in the
neighborhood of Grant street and do
ing a thriving business among the col
ored Lolk. But I believe the police have
elnce put a stop to her career.
•Despite the education which he re
ceives to-day, the negro is still a primi
tive being, and spells, magic and the
like— the stock in trade of voodooism—
appeal forcibly to his credulous nature.
He does not stand alone among the
races of civilization, either, in this par- I
ticular. There are witch doctors among j
the Pennsylvania Dutch, and only last I
year a case was brought to light in Ire
land where the black art had been in
voked with fatal results.
"It takes considerable persuasive
power, plus a strong financial consider
ation, to gain admittance to the sanc
tum of a voodoo doctor in cities where
the police organization happens to be
active against such imposition. Money,
without other influence, will avail you
nothing. As for me, I have many
friends Cold acquaintances of ante bel
lum times) among the colored people.
With the aid of Georgia darkies, who
knew me or my kin, I have frequently
secured entrance where it would have
been mighty dangerous for any North
ern white man to attempt to penetrate.
"For instance, no later than ten days
ago, I was brought by appointment to
visit a New York voodoo doctor of
prominence in his profession. My col
ored guide led me to a flat house in
East Ninety-seventh street, in a block
specially favored by negroes of the
richer sort. The house was very neatly
kept, nor was there anything in the flat
dwelt in by our 'cunjurer' to hint at the
mystic performances which were gone
through within.
"The grizzled old doctor was Inclined
to be angry when he discovered that a
white man had come to patronize him.
Clearly he feared police espionage. But
after a brief talk about the South and
the discovery that we both hailed from
the district around Atlanta, he percen
tlbly relaxed. Then my mentor told
him that I wanted a spell — 'a cunjuh'in'
■pell'— he called it— to charm back the
Or you can make it a little dining-room
feast and go down to the table with its
covers elaborately set for each guest.
The luncheon is really the most ac
ceptable form of entertainment that can
be mentioned to any woman. Lent or
otherwise, and at this time, when dinner
dances and balls and theater parties are
out of the question, it becomes doubly
fine from the attention that is put upon
it.
If you were to ask the most popular
fabric for the informal luncheon you
would be surprised If you were told that
it was French flannel, yet such is the
case. There is no material one-half^ as
much in vogue to-day for a very infor
mal waist, sacque or gown for a small
luncheon gathering as French flannel.
Now stop, you woman of taste and fig
ure, before you picture to yourself a
woolly, coarse dressing sacque, disagree
able to the touch and twice disagreeable
to shape and style. Tho French flannel
' errant affections of a certain young
i lady. This interested our old doctor at
i once.
" 'Ah's done got fine chah'ms, suh?'
he said. 'Does yo' want d<- po' man's
| chah'm, er de gemman's chah'm?'
"How much is the gentlemen's
j charm?' I asked.
< " 'Gemman's chah'm five dollars, suh;
j po' man's chah'm two dollars fifty.'
"I took the gentlemen's charm which
completed my conquest of the doctor.
Having first obtained my money and
carefully examined it, to guard against
I mistakes, he drew the curtain at the
' end of the room in which we were
j standing. There was then exposed to
view as queer . looking den as it has
ever been my fortune to behold.
"The apartment was naturally In
clined to be dark, for it had no wln
i dow, and the only light came from the
i front room. Around the wall and dang
i ling by strings from the ceiling were
! curious objects — skins, skulls of bird
| and beast, odd bones and other name
! less relics. On a deal table in the mid
dle of the floor stood the "tuffed figure
of a great horned owl — one of those
fine fellows one c counters in the upper
parts of Louisiana, and especially ven
| crated by apostles of Voodoo. Over in
the most distant corner glowed an or
dinary gas stove and upon this was
a pot. What decoction the vessel con
tained, I know not; but it exhaled an
unpleasant, nauseating odor, and the
old 'doctor' varied his occupation of
preparing my 'charm' by stirring It
vigorously at intervals.
"Despite the commonplace gaa stove
I could not help recalling the witches in
Macbeth and their cauldron, as I gazed
at and smelt the Voodoo 'doctor's' mix
ture. I was not allowed to approach
any nearer than the dividing curtain to
examine the interior decorations of this
6x9 apartment of the black art. Every
time that I made a motion to cross the
prescribed limits my colored guide
twitched my sleeve by way of warn
ing.
"The 'doctor* went to a shelf and
I took down sundry bundles of what
; looked to me to be bunches of dried
: herbs. These he mixed in a small teacup
i and poured over them a glass of water.
Mumbling a few words (unintelligible
to me, and which I strongly suspect to
be gibberish), he strained the decoction
through a piece of cheesecloth bottled
the liquid portion, and presented it to
me with a bow.
" 'Dat ar,' said he, 'am de strongest
chah'm fo' love. Yo steep de young
lady's han'kchlef in dat chah'm, an' she
love you fo' suah.'
"The consultation appearing to be at
an end, I was forced to depart; but not
until I had made another effort to
study the 'fixings' of the inner room at
closer range. This time I positively
identified a coon skin, the skina of sev
eral rabbits and silver foxes, and what
looked like the skull of a dog. The old
'doctor' was suspicious of me to the
last and kept between me and the
cauldron.
"Two years ago I got a negro to get
me a love charm in Philadelphia, and
in that way opened up an acquaintance
with the notorious 'Doctor' Massy, al
ready mentioned. Massy's method of
preparing a love potion differed con
siderably from that of his New York
fellow-practitioner. Having first paid
over $2 by way of fee, the client was
called on for (5 more. This latter sum
was expended in purchasing five quart
bottles of whisky or rum and one
empty bottle. The full bottles Massy
placed in a circ'^ on the floor of what
he called his 'office.' Then he filled the
empty bottle with water, or with some
fluid that closely resembled water, and,
stepping into the circle, went through
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
of to-day is smooth, fine and soft, Tt
may u e almost silky on tho surface, for
some of the flannels have a tine satiny
face very pleasant to look at. You
would hardly know them to be flannel.
They resemble more a ladies' cloth, or a
very fine quality of broadcloth.
They may be figured or they may run
in stripes, and you can even get them
with a very nice pin stripe of tine satin
running through them. Now they are
not cheap, so don't think it, but they are
easy to handle and consequently within
the" limit of the home dressmaker. Tou
can get them from 40 cents to 90 cents
per yard.
A moat convenient one that has been
made for a woman wno is going to in
augurate the season of Lenten lunch
eons next Thursday by giving a purple
lunch is made of purple and white
striped flannel, the stripes of flannel be
ing double ones, with white satin stripes
running through the middle. This is lined
with purple taffeta, and around the throat
is a turn-over collar of purple velvet,
edged with very nice lace. The sleeves
are loose ones, with the arms encased ap
parently In old-fashioned flowing sleeves.
Inside there is a sleeve of purple taffeta,
edged with lace around the wrist.
This is called the choirboy waist, and it
is made upon a mode that Is perfectly
fresh this year.
A much more elegant waist for a Lenten
luncheon, though none the more expen
a long rigmarole, waving the sixth
bottle to and fro in time to his mono
tonous chant.
"This ceremony completed he corked
up the bottle of water carefully, and
presented it to his client, bidding him
administer secret doses to the lady
whose affections he desired. The five
bottles of whisky he retained for use
or sale.
"All Voodoo 'doctors' keep in stock a
number of the ordinary 'charms' prized
by negroes — such as rabbits' feet, owls'
ears, bones of the loggerhead turtle,
rattlesnake skins and such 'lucky' ob
jects. There Is the briskest kind of
trade in all these things. The rattle of
PECULIAR TADS OF SOME OF OUR PROMINENT MEN.
THE man of current affairs is almost Invariably a man with a. fad. De
pend upon It, he has his predilection for the acquirement of some one
thins, or the pursuit of some one pleasure, though he may not choose to
confess It.
Horace G. Platt has a penchant for inkstands. Not the plain, ordinary
inkwell of commercial usage, but those with a singular and engrossing
individuaJity. The Platt inkwells are nothing if not quaint, and a readable
little chapter of sentiment attaches to each of them. The attorney disdains an
inkwell that is not capacious, and will not suffer his collection to be invaded
by a flippant, shallow affair such as women ornament their escritoires with.
Mr. Plan's favorites are the Bilver and cut-glass inkwell, graven with his
name and a solemn owl's head, presented to him by his fellow directors of the
Bohemian Club, and a curious silver elephant's head.
Mr. Platt has another very pronounced fad. He turns a kindly ear when
ever a poet essays to sing hereabouts. In a word, no rhymester, whatever his
ability, need place his wares in the San Francisco market without the comfort
ing certainty that at least one copy of his book will be sold. Mr. Platt is as
certain to buy it as the fog is sure to roll in through the Golden Gate. He is
the patron saint of local poets.
Skulls and crossbcmes are the perennial delight of Consul Warburton,
Great Britain's representative In these parts. He is ever on a still hunt for
prehistoric races and aboriginal relics, and In every mound that meets his
gaze he sees possible plunder In grinning Jaws and bony craniums, awaiting
excavation and scientific discovery. It must not be imagined that the Consul
uses his finds for bric-a-brac, or that his back yard le* littered with the un
canny curiosities. He carefully examines their skullships, rejects those that
seem valueless on account of their too recent interment, and after duly label
ing them, transports them across seas to the British Museum. The Consul is
a genuine lover of curios in general and skeletons In particular.
Acting Consul Moore (his colleague, now on a trip to South America) is a
methodical collector of landscape photographs which he classifies geograph
ically in albums, and can take you on a picture trip around the world.
Ambrose Bierce has an affinity for lizards and horned toads, and wields a
mysteriously powerful influence over these strange objects of his regard. At
one time the famous critic had the most interesting and intelligent collection
of trained horned toads in the country, but he went East, and in his absence
they pined away. At all events, Mr. Bierce's toadery is no more. Disaster also
overtoc-k a performing lizard which was Mr. Bierce's pride and Joy until a
neighboring cat lunched off it on a summer's day as it lay basking in the sun
light. Previous to this tragedy Mr. Bierce utilized the lizard for a paper
weight. When about to pen his customary "Prattle" he would whistle for the
lizard, which immediately crawled into position on the table and prostrated
Itself upon the sheets of "copy" as they were turned aside by the writer.
Mr. Morganstern of the Baldwin Theater has a fad for the Maori green
stone. Twenty-five years ago he was presented with one by George Chaplin,
then leading man for Janauschek, and ever since that time Mr. Morganstern
has been addicted to the green stone habit. Never a ship in all this quarter
of a century has come- hither from- New Zealand without a small consignment
of these stones in her cargo to the Baldwin Theater's representative, who has
been sowing the emerald souvenirs broadcast among his many friends. The
New Zealand natives use them principally for spear points, but Mr. Morgan
stern wears his as a watch charm. It has served to establish his identity upon
more than one occasion.
Gustav Walter, who rakes Europe over for vaudeville eccentricities, is an
admirer of diamonds. He Is said to possess a diamond solitaire that would
make the Koh-i-noor it3elf turn green with envy.
Manager Thall of the Alcazar contents himself with photos of actresses.
None but the pretty need apply, either. His collection Includes lovely women
by the score, some with eyes in fine frenzy rolling, others the incarnation of
theatrical sweetness in pose and expression.
Neither gems nor pictured faces are the fad of S. H. Friedlander. He does
not long to scintillate with precious stones or be surrounded by histrionic si
rens on pasteboard. Says he:
"Traveling is my fad. It has been my aim all my life to become suf
ficiently independent to travel around the globe. 1 should vant to itudy every
elve—for the choirboy waist 1b really an
elegant affair— ls one that la made of the
very finest pale pink cloth, which Is part
wool and part cotton. It resembles a very
heavy cashmere and was called by one
shopkeeper cashmere and by another
half-weight.
This was fitted to the waist all around
except in front, where It was lightly
bloused, or, more properly speaking, hung
straight, depending for its blouse effect
upon the waist arrangement of the rib
bon. The Jacket iself Is of pale pink, with
a yoke of lace falling over It. The dressi
ness is supplied by a yoke of lace, into
which Is sot rows of puffed ribbon. Puff
ings of the ribbon are also set in the
sleeves and the seams of the jacket are
strapped with the same pink ribbon.
A very decided relief of color Is obtained
by the belt, which is of deep petunia vel
vet. It is tied in a bow in front, with the
ends hanging long over the skirt.
No skirt is prettier with such a Jacket
that a striped silk skirt, if one owns such
an article. Black and white striped
skirts are coming in and are always popu
lar favorites. Such a striped skirt looks
better with a waist of pale pink than a
black one, as the contrast is considered
by many of artistic tastes as entirely too
sharp.
In the chiffon ruffle are run rows of pe
tunia ribbon of very narrow width and in
the hair is worn a bow of petunia velvet.
a rattlesnake or the eara of the horned
owl fetch good prices. I knew of a
Voodoo practitioner who hired a
hunchback of his own race for the
l>enefit of sporting negroes superstl
tlously Inclined, it being esteemed par
ticularly good luck to touch such a
person's hump before betting on the
races or staking one's money in policy.
"Policy, indeed, is the great aid to
Voodoo in the north. Colored men and
women will bet their all if in possession
of some good piece of 'conjuh'in'.'
Wherever you hear of negroes being
gathered together for purposes of pol
icy, poker or 'craps,' you may feel fair
ly positive that there Is a Voodoo 'doc
tor* doing a rushing trade somewhere
in the vicinity. It is now but a month
since a negro Voodoo doctor was ar
rested and fined in the New York police
courts.
"The police officials tell me that four
out of every five colored persons ar
rested in the big northern cities carry-
Voodoo charms about them.
Petunia, !t may be stated, 1b a shade
that while not purple, suggests it, and
which, while by no means a deep red, yet
reminds you of wine color. All attempts
to make of petunia a cream shade have
been futile, just as It Is Impossible to un
derstand white as "rose color," though
roses come white. Pale pink Is not ge
ranium, though you see many geraniums
In that shade. Plum color Is not green,
though there may be green plums.
In ordering goods by mail from the
shops it is well, when uncertain colors are
mentioned, to Inclose a sample or to ex
actly specify the shade, or the greatest
confusion sometimes arises. In "forget
me-not blue" for instance, how many peo
ple know whether a navy or a baby blue
is desired?
As one Is not alwayß. the hostess at a
luncheon party, it may be well to know
something about the waist which one can
wear. Many women go to Lenten lunch
eon in a church gown, but where no
church-going is intended afterward there
is a choice of pretty, informal and com
fortable waists.
Of course, when you speak of an "Infor
mal" waist, something loose is meant or
semi-tight. In a fur-lined cape or a big
winter wrap, a woman can run In for the
luncheon hour In one of th^se Informal
waists without criticism. Ijj fact, they
are positively fashionable for Lent.
Take one of cream taffeta, such as is
CLAIMED SHE HYPNOTIZED
THE BRIDEGROOM TO BE
THERE be hypnotists and hypnot
ists here In San Francisco.
There is a certain story loiter
ing about the byways of society
Just at the present time which
"points a moral" that Is well
worth meditating upon, now that mys
teries are the fad of the hour, and the
"power of mind over matter" can be
easily learned by the veriest tyro who
has the cash to pay for instructions.
The story has been traced to a very
charming, though sharp tongued, mid
dle-aged lady, a whilom pupil of one of
country of the civilized -world and some of It that Is not civilised. I should
not overlook the Cannibal Islands (though I hope the cannibals would over
look me), and would visit Egypt. I would skate as close to the North Pole as
comfort would permit, and would also ask permission to see what the Shah of
Persia's harem looks like. I should drop In on King Menelek and Li Hung
Chang, visit the Korean Islands and make a trip over the new railroad into
Siberia. But before doing all this I would remain in the United States fcrr
two years and see what comparatively few Americans endeavor to see before
going abroad — their own beautiful country."
John J. Valentine, president of Wells-Fargo Express Company, has a fad
for dainty teacups and saucers, and his unique assortment of china embraces
specimens from many countries.
L. S. B. Sawyer has been adding to his valuable collection of books and
etchings for many years. His library is probably the finest In San Francisco,
and his etchings the rarest. Some of the latter are almost priceless, and in
clude the works of all the great masters.
Attorney W. H. L. Barnes Is devoted to the study of astronomy, and haß
maps galore of the starry firmament. Not many men In the United States
know more about physical geography than he. The well-known lawyer-oratoT
has a revolving globe to whloh he turns when he needs recreation, and whose
miniature surface he has traversed countless times in imagination. Starting
from the port of San Francisco in a splendidly equipped yacht with auxiliary
steam and provisions for a year's voyage, Mr. Barnes traces his course over
the waters, of the earth, spreading sail and casting anchor wherever fancy dic
tates. And he affirms that when that yacht of his gets back into the bay
again he is always refreshed in body and mind for the Journey he has made
without leaving his office chair.
Alexander K. Coney, Mexican Consul, Is of the opinion that very nearly
every other man, woman and child In America has a fad for foreign stamps.
The daily mall brings him importuning letters from all directions, until the
consulate resembles at times a branch postoffice. Being very good-natured.
Mr. Coney has yielded to his correspondents, and is now regarded as a sort of
stock-in-trade stamp Stanta Claus.
Frank S. Johnson, say his friends, dearly loves a dogr fight. Nor Is his fad
for pugnacious canines his only bellicose tendency. To en-gage a couple of
street gamins in a friendly fisticuff encounter delights Mr. Johnson, who has
been known to forget his lunch hour while a fascinated onlooker at ragamuffin
pugilism. A neat punch on an antagonist's solar plexus will send Mr. John
son into raptures. It Is believed of that popular gentleman that he not only
enjoys but does his best to promote scrapping matches among the youth of
the land upon every possible occasion.
Mayor Phelan has a fad for city charters. He can turn out a brand-new
one every twenty-four hours.
"William V. Bryan Is deeply Interested In feats of legerdemain and card
tricks. He can mystify almost any one by his skill In magic, although his ac
complishment Is not suspected by the average acquaintance of the young busi
ness man. Should he elect to turn his attention to the stage the name of
Herrmann would undoubtedly quickly be eclipsed.
George C. Pardee, Oakland's ex-Mayor and oculist of this city, shares Mr.
Barnes' liking for astronomy. When not engaged in mending the eyes of his
patients he is frequently studying the heavens o' nights and blinking at the
stars through a telescope, for Dr. Pardee has an observatory of his own and
is a man of science in divers ways of learning.
Governor Budd has a predilection for catfish. When his gasoline launch
head 3 down stream where the pellucid waters of the Sacramento mingle with
the salty currents of San Pablo Bay the affrighted piscatorial game makes for
the tules, and the ducks, sharing their alarm, take wing over the lonely marsh
es, for the gubernatorial yacht Is a familiar and disquieting vision in those
watery regions.
Senator George C. Perkins collects minerals and classifies them. He also
cultivates many hundreds of beautiful roses at Verno-n Heights, his Oakland
home.
A. W. Foster has about forty beautiful little Shetland ponies eating their
heads off at the Foster stable in San Rafael. Mr. Foster drives each morn-
Ing to the city-bound train behind four of these diminutive steeds. He Im
ports an especially fine breed, the admiration of all who- see them.
LJLLIAN FERGUSON.
now being exhibited on a model in a Fifth
avenue "art waist" window. This is tight
ly fitted at the back and sides and is laid
in folds in front. Over the folds is tied,
coming from the side seams, a very nar
row belt of turquoise blue velvet ribbon.
The yoke is laid in small plaits, one
touching the other, and it is bordered
with very broad white lace, which falls in
double ruffles over the shoulders. The
collar is of turquoise velvet, and there are
bands of velvet upon the wrists. The yoke
is further decorated with the very tiniest
bands of the velvet, put on apparently un
derneath the tucks.
Another informal luncheon Jacket is
similarly arranged, except that its yoke
Is much more elaborate. It is made of
mauve cashmere trimmed with black vel
vet. The frill or ripple of these waists
is lined with taffeta, which shows lightly
In the waving motion of the lace.
The very prettiest skirts are worn with
these waists, and the theory that "any
old skirt" Is good enough is exploded.
The day of the plain skirt is gone by,
except for the tailor-made, which often
has a panel on it, or is trimmed with very
fancy braid put on in most decorative
design. Many of the newest skirts are
accordion-plaited, and are the exact CQun
terpart of those worn in 1890, when an ac
cordion-plaited skirt was the dressiest
thing a woman could own.
THE CHOIRBOY JACKET.
the many "professors" of therapeutics
who have reaped a golden harvest here
In San Francisco in the recent past.
The woman in the case is a sparkling
brunette, no longer a bread-and-butter
school girl, of course (since she is the
fond mamma of a child or two, which
no amount of dressing lamb-fashion
has been able to keep In the nursery
for some time past), but bright, agree
able, always well dressed, and full of
business from the top of her fetching
hat to the patent-leather tips of her
dainty boots.
Some time sine* this divorcee took j
In making such a skirt it should be re
membered that it must invariably be
made short— even shorter than walking
length.
It Is very difficult to hold up an accor
dion skirt, owing to its fullness, and con
sequently it should be .short enough to do
away- with the necessity of holding it up.
If one rule more than another can be
given for china for an informal lunch It
is that of matching the table throughout.
Have your cups all of a color, even if not
all the same shape, and match them to
your table linen.
If you are fortunate enough to own a
tablecloth embroidered in blue silk, get
out your blue china and use it. Have the
cups, saucers, plates, suit* dishes and cen
ter pieces in blue, and, if you must com
bine any color, choose dead wnlte.
The day of odd pieces is almost past.
The dishes can be of any shape, no two
shapes alike; cups high and low, short
and tall, thick and thin, Chinese and
Sevres, but they must have a similarity
In hue.
The table decorations can also match
the china. If you choose blue, get small
winter flowers of bluish hue, if you can.
Or, if not, make the contrast a* litile
visible as possible. White roses "match""
blue china exquisitely, nnd they form a
very lovely table decoration.
a fancy to study hypnotism. She
proved an exceptionally clever pupil —
so much so that after a few lessons aha
boldly started out as a hypnotic healer
on her own account and did quite a
thriving business "suggesting" to peo
ple that they should do, or not do, cer
tain things for their physical well be
ing.
She met with gratifying success In
her new avocation and caught minnows
in plenty, but at last the day cams
when she was fortunate enough to
catch something very near akin to a
whale, and that was an Oakland capi
talist who complained of not feeling
well, and who came to her for raesmerlo
(not hypnotic, since he was opposed to
that on principle) treatment.
Here was the lady's opportunity, at
least she thought so. She exerted her
power to the utmost, and without her
patient's knowledge made him com
pletely subject to her will. She was
kind enough to "suggest" to him among
the other things which she brought to
his attention while he slept the sleep
of the passive "subject" under her Cir
cean spell, that he should no longer
fancy himself ill, but should look upon
himself as a well man from that time
forth, and he obeyed her, at least to
all appearances he did.
She also suggested, however, that he
should express his gratitude to her for
her kindness in curing him by writing
her a check for $500 and present her
with a set of diamonds to match the
sparkle of her handsome eyes. And he
did.
Then she went a step farther— in
fact, she determined to make him a
stepfather to her rather overgrown "lit
tle ones," and she "suggested" that
such an arrangement would be most
desirable. The result is an engagement
which is to end in a marriage in the
near future, and through it all the
hypnotized fiance has not the slightest
idea that he is not acting of his own
volition, and proudly boasts that, ef
fective as his future wife's influence is
on others, he Is absolutely invulnerable
to it.
The relatives of the aged bridegroom
to-be haven't the slightest idea of what
is going on. In a few short weeks the
1 surprise of their lives is coming to
! them, but it won't come until the new
,ly wedded pair are safely off on their
I wedding journey.
WHAT IS ELECTRICITY?
The old familiar question, What is
electricity? that is asked in every text
book on electricity, and is answered by
saying that it is an imponderable fluid
capable of traversing the air, the earth
and especially all metals, and for com
mercial purposes flows through iron or
copper wires In an invisible fluid state,
has no foundation in fact; but ad-i
vanced electrical scientists to-day re-:
cognize no such theory and are free to '
admit that the exact nature of elec
tricity is unknown. The sources of
electricity, such as are termed frlc
tional electricity, hydro electricity,
pyro electricity, magneto electricity,
thermo electricity, animal and vegeta
ble electricity, etc., are not different
kinds of electrical force. Electric force
or energy is of one kind only, no mat
ter from what source it may originate.
—Exchange.
Raw Recruit (on duty)— Who goes
there?
Answer — A friend.
Raw Recruit— Advance, friend, an*
gle"s a pipe o' tobaccy.
2526
A NEW STORY OF CARABAS.
THE Marquis of Carabas, he
whose fortunes were made by
Puss in Boots, had one son, a
brave lad named Arthur. One day
Arthur called Puss in Boots to
Join him, and together they went
to the King's stables, where two fine
horses were waiting, ready saddled.
"Come," saJd the Prince, for it will
be recollected that the Marquis of Cara
baa married the King's daughter, "let
us be off."
"And where to, master?" asked Puss,
. who was still active, although quite old.
"I am going to find my beautiful
cousin Gwendolin, the only daughter of
the oldest son of the miller, and to
save her from a dungeon, into which
she has been thrown to be held for a
ransom by some robbers."
The Prince said no mcrre, but rode
bo hard that Puss found much work
: keeping up. Soon the Prince and Puss
•were beyond the lands of Carabas and
, traveled in a strange country. At sun
; down they found a tollgate across the
road. Beside the tollgate was an inn.
The Prince drew rein and entered the
: Inn for refreshments, but Puss wait
', ed outside, and talked with some horse
i men "who had just arrived. He had not
asked many questions when he learned
that they were the robbers. He was
about to warn the Prince when the
captain of the robbers said:
"Not so fast. Puss. We know that
you are going to try to take the lovely
Gwendolin from us. We will deal with
you now and with the Prince a little
later."
So saying the robber captain aimed
a blow at Puss with his sword, but
Puss jumped from the horse like a
flash and ran and hid in the inn stable.
A few minutes later he saw the rob
bers surround the Prince, and, al
though the Prince was brave, there
were so many robbers that he was soon
a prisoner and was tied hand and foot.
The robbers thought that now they
had made their fortunes, for the Mar
quis of Carabas would be sure to pay
a large sum for the ransom of his
.son. They drank much wine at the
Inn. "While they were sitting at the
■table they kept their eyes on the
Prince, that he might not escape.
Puss now put on the skin of a lion,
that he had found In the stable. He
first stuffed it with hay, that it might
seem large. Then he jumped in and
•walked toward the robbers. They were
frightened at what they supposed to
be a live lion. Puss made his voice
•large and roared. At the same time
Hie opened and shut the lion's Jaws,
SHE POSED THE '49er.
A little San Francisco girl— her eyes with fun aglow-
Asked questions of her grandpa, who she thought all things must know.
"What is the fog, dear Grandpa? Is it God's own sprinkling cart,
To wash the dust from off the flowers and give them a new start?
And will you tell me. Grandpa, dear — that is a darling, please —
"Why God to San Francisco sent so many busy fleas?"
She paused. We heard the sunset gun at the Presidio.
Then up she sprang and murmured, "That's the Golden Gate, I know.
What makes it shut? Is it because the west wind blows it so?"
I saw the fun from girlie's eyes into her grandpa's shine —
"You'll have to ask some one," he said, "who came ere '49."
showing the lion's teeth, and the rob
bers all ran away. Puss freed the
prince and they once more mounted
,their horses to ride on, laughing at the
terror of the robbers.
The tollgate was high and doubly
barred with iron. The keeper, who was
In league with the robbers, had also run
fotl. There was no way to pass that
the Prince could see. The robbers
BOY'S AND GIRLS' PAGE.
would soon return. In a trice Puss
Jumped from his horse and scratched
up the flinty road with much vigor with
all four feet, until the horse could go
under the gate by kneeling, and soon
the Prince and Puss were cantering
over a lonely road toward the castle
where Gwendolin the Beautiful pined
in a dungeon.
The castle was guarded by an Ogre,
the son of that Ogre whose castle Puss
had given to the Marquis of Carabas,
PUSS READY TO GO WITH THE PRINCE.
and he kr.ew Puss and the Prince as
they neared the castle. He shouted at
them in a terribly voice:
"Hence or die!"
"Wait here, dear Prince," said Pusa,
"while I drive on."
Putting spurs to his horse. Puss
dashed up to the castle and was across
the drawbridge like a flash before the
Ogre could draw it up. The Ogre, mad
with rage, tried to catch the cat, but
could not and Puss once more found
a safe hiding-place, this time in the
Ogre's great chest. The Opre hunted
everywhere in vain. Finally he went
to sleep. "When Puss heard the Ogre's
heavy breathing he crept out of the
chest and ran through the gloomy
castle until he found a stone passage
that led down to the dungeons.
But the iron door was locked and it
could only be opened by a magic word.
Puss knocked softly on the door at
first for fear that the Ogre would
awaken. Getting no answer he knock
ed louder.
"Who is that?" asked a faint voice,
which was no other than Gwendolin's.
"I am Puss in Boots. Hurry and
give me the magic word that I may
open the door of your dungeon, for
your cousin, the Prince, has come to
rescue you."
THE BUMPKINS, THEIR WILD ANIMALS AND THE "GOTE HILL BAND" HAVE A "SIRKUSS" PARADE.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, STTKBAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
The Ogre heard the voices and would
have run to the dungeon had not the
drawbridge of the castle fallen just
then with a dreadful clatter. The same
word that opened the dungeon door
lowered the drawbridge. The Prince,
who had been waiting outside the cas
tle, now made boldly in, blowing a
golden trumpet to challenge the Ogre
to battle.
In an instant the Ogre darted toward
the door of his armory to get his big
club of iron, studded with knots of iron
and sharp spikes. Puss had been there
already and had locked the door and
had thrown the key down a deep well
in the court yard.
The trembling Gwendolin had fol
lowed Puss out of her dungeon, and
seeing her cousin, the Prince, upon a
beautiful horse, his arms and coat all
sparkling with gold and diamonds, and
BRAVE PUSS UPON THE KING'S HORSE.
the furnishings of his horse being all
of polished leather and solid gold, she
thought that she had never viewed any
man half so brave or so handsome.
But just then she espied the Ogre, who
was fully sixteen feet high. He was
running toward her with mlghtv strides
and the ground shook under his tread.
"Ha! ha! pretty <swendolin," he
roared, in a voice like that of a wild
beast, "you shall not escape so. Back
to your dungeon!"
"Save me, my Cousin Arthur," cried
Gwendolin, wringing her pretty hands.
"Fear nothing, Gwendolin," answered
the Prince, bravely, as his steed reared
wildly at the approach of the Ogre.
Spurring his horse to the top of its
speed over the rock-paved courtyard
floor the Prince did not wait for the
Ogre. High towered the Ogre above
the Prince as they drew near each
other. The Prince's horse stumbled and
the Ogre reached forward his huge
hands to seize the Prince. Puss ran
and placed his sword between the
Ogre'e feet and the monster fell on tHe
pavement, where the Prince speedily
overcame him.
When the robbers heard that the
Prince, aided by Puss in Boots, had de
feated the Ogre, they fled from the land
and have not returned to this day.
The Prince gave the castle to his
cousin, who reigned there, like a Prin
cess, over all the surrounding country.
The Prince married her and Puss in
Boots often purred by their fireside.
ABOUT THE COMPETITION.
*ym HE proposed contest between the
/^ boys and the girls, to determine, in
[j so far as may be by such means,
whether there is any literary su
periority in sex, has awakened
lively interest. Suggestions and in-
EDITED BY
DAVID H.WALKER.
quiries of many sorts have been re
ceived.
One girl writes to ask whether any
age limit has been fixed to determine
who may be eligible to compete. A boy
suggests that, when the two competi
tive pages shall have been published,
the first composed by the girls and
the second by the boys— or vice versa
tile decision shall be reached by ballot.
This query and suggestion may be an
swered as follows:
The contest being devised for the
boys and girls, it would possibly be
well to fix eighteen years as the age
limit. Further suggestions are, how
ever, awaited. The majority will rule
in naming the terms of competition.
The decision concerning the relative
merits of the pages representing the
girls and the boys might be rendered
by ballot, but, very likely, after the
pages are published the boys and girls
will be impatient to get the decision.
Balloting is slow. Jurors, selected by
some method to be suggested, would
give their opinions with little delay
comparatively.
Many parents have written that their
boys and girls are interested and, al
ready, in their homes, are getting ready
to write in the competition. The drift
of opinion, so far, is in favor of story
telling. The advocates of fiction are up
to date, two to one, as compared with
those who consider essay-writing the
better test. The class of matter to be
ENTERING THE ROBBER'S CASTLE
published is the subject of lively dis
cussion. Some of the communications
•will be published soon — as soon as the
expression of opinions has become more
general.
Boys and girls are requested to -write
only upon one side of the paper, and to
write their names and postoffice ad
dresses plainly. All boys and girls re
siding in Pacific Coast States or Terri
tories are invited to send in their views
and suggestions. The following are the
principal points to be considered:
1. What age limit shall be fixed for
competitors'.'
2. Shall the boys or the girls be first
to publish their page?
3. How shall the judges or jurors be
chosen?
4. What class of matter is best adapt
ed to test the ability of the writer to be
interesting?
No story or essay should contain more
than 600 words. The idea is to get as
many articles as possible upon the two
pages. By prescribing the length this
can be carried out. At least six arti
cles by boys and six articles by girls
will be published and more if possible.
Next week progress will be reported.
Editor of the Call:
I am 6 years old. Papa reads the boys'
and girls' page to me. Vera and I would
llko Slnbad first. RET CHATFIELD.
CRUISE OF THE CALIFORNIA.
[Synopsis of preceding chapters: Harry Os
tend has succeeded In making a great fire
balloon, using for a covering the principal
parts of the gTeat parachutes that had' been
used, by his comrades and himself to enter
the valley where the white King of the Afar
kise had his principal village. Thefire balloon
has been tested and has been found to be a
euccces. The means of escape from the valley
having thus been provided. Harry Ostend
Bought an interview with the savages, who
came in great force to ask the white men to
leave the country. • Har-ry Ostend, by playing
upon the superstitious fears of the savages,
managed to make the white King visit him.
A date was fixed for Harry. Ostend to make
the final attempt to carry away the white King
irom among his people. A daring plan was
lormed. which the- white men carry into ef
fect. This is described in the present chap
ter, with which the story of the first cruise
or the California comes to an end.]
CHAPTER XVIII.
THE fateful night had come, when
the final attempt was to be made
to rescue the White King, and to
carry him away, before the very
eyes of his enraged savages.- This
was the night when the savages'
witch doctor would offer up a half
score of savage victims upon fires, to
celebrate his birthday, and every sav
age In the tribe was assembled by
command of the witch doctor, who was
the real ruler of the savages.
Fires had been blazing in the camp
where the white men were, and above
the tree tops the savages had seen,
with awe and wonder, a dark object
flitting, and had shivered with fear, as
the object had mounted the sky, only
to be followed by the appearance of
similar objects. The hearts of the
savages were full of dread, but they
were also burning with hatred of the
white men.
Round rose the full moon, round and
beautiful,, above the top of the table
mountain. Its light fell upon the vil
lage of the White King, and brought to
view, In the center of the King's vil
lage, a large space enclosed with a
ring of stones. Within this ring were
four piles of faggots and four stakes.
At the outer edge of the ring were the
shivering wretches who were to be
burned alive.
They were to die that the curse
brought by the coming of the white
men might be set aside. Among them
■were young girls, daughters of chiefs,
and two little children, for the witch
doctor had said that all ages must suf
fer that all ages might be free of the
curse. The girls and children wailed
in their fear, but the warriors who
were to die were proud and still.
The White King was squatting in
front of the piles of faggots, and near
him, but moving nervously about, like
a caged panther, was the tall and pow
erful witch doctor, whose eyes were
always upon the King. The light of
torches, carried by the chiefs of the
several tribes, who were to light the
sacrificial fires, fell, flickering upon the
faces of savages from all parts of the
land, for the news of the coming of
the white men had been carried far
and wide, and the entire people were
enraged.
Near the king was a man of great in
telligence — Kemoria — who, trusting to
his color and the darkness to give him
protection, had fearlessly entered in
among' the savages, well knowing that
death might follow if he were discov
ered, but he was nevertheless deter
mined to play the great part that night
that had been assigned to him by Harry
Ostend. Come success or come death,
Kemona would not fail to do his share.
At the opposite side of the ring was
another man who was fully. as daring
— Koti — the savage who had been Bin
nie's second in the command of the
savage army that won the victory at
the battle of the Marwise River.
When the moonlight fell full upon the
victims of the night the savages
brought logs and placed them by the
piles of faggots, that the fires might
burn the longer. Kemona placed one
log at each faggot pile. Why did he do
this? Was the savage awakening in
PUSS FINDS A SAFE HIDING PLACL
him? He and Koti had their war clubs,
and in each club were concealed pistols
and cartridges.
The witch doctor ordered that the
fires be now lighted. He said, in a loud
voice, that he would not use the stakes
to tie the victims this night, but that
the unlucky ones would be thrown, pin
ioned. Into the flames. This being his
birthday, he would give them a chance
to escape -by the burning of their bonds.
A hoarse cry went up from the waiting
savages, and the torch-bearing chiefs
hesitated to light the tires as they
looked up.
"Give me a torch," shrieked the witch
doctor, with rare, "I will light the fires,
though all the skies should fall upon us,
and the mountains should bury the
land from sight."
But, lo! in the sky was -now a won
derful sight. Across the face of the full
moon, even as the witch doctor defied
the skies, passed a dark globe that car
ried beneath it a mass of fire. From
the globe came flashes and loud explo
sions. At once all the thousands of
savages were upon, their feet and
shouting In dire chorus that the curse
had fallen upon the land. •
Down, down from the lofty heights
of the sky came, slowly and majesti
cally, the dusky globe, with flaming
brands that the savages supposed to
have been kindled in the sky.
Not a moment paused the iron-nerved
witch doctor, although he was as much
puzzled by this strange apparition as
were fhe savages over whom he ruled
with steady hand. He placed the torch
to the four piles of fagots in quick
succession, and the twigs burst into
flame.
Even then embers fell on his head
.and shoulders from the visitor from the
sky, searing his skin, but he was too
JUNGLE IN THE FROST.
Illumined with the highest art was the chilled window pane,
For there the fairy, Frost, had toiled all night with might and main;
And there were minarets and towers of many cubits span.
Such as are seen where tinkling trains go into Ispahan;
And giant plants that grow in shade by Orinoco's flow;
And over flowering valleys lorded summits crowned with snow.
Amid the pictures which the deft, aerial fingers drew
Was a dim Jungle where tall canes and densest foliage grew.
'Twas seeming twilight, for the sun, slow leading on the day.
No golden arrows yet had sent upon their flaming way.
Athwart the jungle something moved. Between the cane bright eyes
Peered at me; and a rustling sound filled me with new surprise.
Was 't then a dream? Or was it real? Was this a tiger's lair
To which on flying carpet I had journeyed through the air?
But tiger ne'er was dressed in white; and, lo! the sudden sun
The jungle lights; and from it smiles my baby, Romping Fun.
haughty to show that he was dis
turbed. Now a strange occurrence
jarred the nerves of the frightened
savages beyond endurance. From each
of the four faggot fires proceeded ter
rific sounds that followed explosions.
Following the noises came a rain of
faggots and burning brands and
torches. The sacrificial fires had been
scattered and torn to fragments, and
fire and ashes covered the heads of the
people, who began to flee in every di
rection.
The horrible black globe continued
to descend from the sky. The blazing
fire that it brought was the only light
excepting the white glare of the moon
by which the savages could see it. Many
refused to move, thus showing
their superior courage. These were
gathered about the witch doctor. Be
neath the black glo~be were two boys
with white faces. They held in their
hands dark objects, from which they
poured forth, with noises that made
the woods reverberate, an unceasing
stream of fire in fierce flashes.
In all the ways through the forest
were heard in horror-stricken tones the
dismal death songs' of the savages, and
barbaric chanting, heralding the doom
of the King of the savages and of their
land.
When the dark globe had fallen to
the level of the tree tops the witch doc
tor stood as if petrified for a moment.
But he roused himself and cried to
those around him:
"Our doom may yet be set aside If
the King is not allowed to leave our
land."
His right hand flew to his long and
keen knife of bone. As agile as a
lion, he sprang toward the White King
to strike him down. The King heard
and saw the wLtch doctor, and his
blood was on fire, for he knew that
his only choice now was between death
and rescue. He must first fight for
his life. His own knife was fn his
hand. The savages, aghast with sur
prise, saw their witch doctor and their
King battling ferociously, each intent
only upon the other, and both seem
ingly forgetful of the presence of the
white men and of the doom of the
whole people.
The witch doctor was about to con
quer. The King has fallen, and the
sharp knife of the witch doctor is about
to fall. One more second and all is
over. The King will be no more, and
the Cruise of the California is a failure.
Is it true? That depends upon the
acts of the two white faced boys who
were "under the black globe, and who
are now upon the ground, Bfnnie and
Sam.
Not all, for Kemona and "Koti have
forced their way to the middle of the
circle of the raging savages, and there,
back to back, two against an army,
they are firing their revolvers in a des
perate struggle to keep back the bar
barians.
Blnnie and Ned see the witch doctor
look up and realize that he , has lost
his last chance, for the White -King
has struck him down and has leaped
into a basket that hangs below the
black globe. While Koti and Kemona
are making a heroic battle, the two
boys, strictly obeying Instructions, also
step into the basket, and Binnie cuts
a rope that held the ■ globe to the
ground, and so the King departs from
Koti and Kemona drive back their
enemies, who are so disturbed by the
events of the night that they have lost
heart. Then Koti and Kemona speed
back to the white men's camp.
Two hours later all the white men,
having with them the White Kins
whom they have rescued, are on the
top of the table mountain, and are
making a rapid march toward the
Marwise River, where they will find
war canoes to take them back to the
California, as she lies at moorings. In
the yacht they will reach San Francis
co without other adventures.
So the prophecy of the witch doc
tor was fulfilled and the White Kins
was lost to view as he went toward
the sky.
Even while their King was being car
ried away toward the sky the savages,
who had lost him, felt the ground trem
ble beneath their feet. A horrible roar
ing noise — the sound of an avalanche—
at the same time smote their ears.
The moon was suddenly hidden behind
driving clouds and the darkened sky
above them was rent by flashes of
lightning. An earthquake set In mo
tion masses of rocks upon the moun
tain nearest the village, and these
rushed down with fearful speed upon
the doomed people. Where the chief
village of the Afarkise was there is
now only ruin. c
So ends the story of the first cruise
of the California. _ . D. H. W.
«
PAPA WAS THE MAN,
"Who was the father of this land?"
the teacher asked aloud.
'Twas an examination day and there
were parents proud.
Expectantly they harked to hear
named that immortal one —
Truest of true, bravest of brave, the
lofty Washington.
But through the rows of curly heads
a- giggle ran around —
For from the seat of Susie Gray there
came a curious sound. -
Susie had brought her talking doll to
school with her that day.
And, resting in her little arms, the
mimic infant lay.
But Marjorle Daw, who sat next seat—
she has a laughing face — .
Had pulled a string that came to view
under the dolly's lace.
With that the dolly oped its mouth
and from its little head
Answered the teacher — "Papa, papa,"
that is what it said.
The majority of letters received from
the children indicate that they wish,
first of all, to hear what adventures,
not hitherto recorded, befell Puss in.
Boots. The majority must rule, and
the gallant' exploits of Puss in rescu
ing Gwendolin, the beautiful, from a
dungeon, are this morning related.
GrOldllock's, Jack the Giant Killer's and
Cinderella's new adventures are asked
for. They will be published.
Next Sunday morning the story ; of
what happened • to the Telegraph Hill
boy who was presented with a Roc's
egg will be told and illustrated.
•
MARY AND THE KITTENS,
BY MARION DEWEY.
O, our household Mary's a very mean
miss;
She pulls kittens' tails and makes them
go "siss!"
The poor little creatures, they tremble
with fear
Whenever the sound of her footsteps
' draws near.
She pinches their tails and she beats them
with brooms.
And she hunts them unmercifully out of
the rooms.
But one kitten, Buffy, her favorite. It
seems.
Invading her window, breaks In on her
dreams.
In the night, at that window, she hears a
queer sound,
And she trembles for fear that the burg
lars are 'round.
But it's only her Buffy, who now In the
night
Takes revenge for his wrongs, which la
only but right.
For she kicks him and beats him and
pull 3 his poor rail,
And none of his spits are of slightest
avail.
But Mary has good points as well as the
bad;
And when at the kittens she isn't too
mad _j .
She showers attentions on Buffy Bob
dear,
And catches him up by the tail, nose or
ear.THE TIVOLI, "THE GEISHA,"
"ROBIN HOOD" AND
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER?"
I notice with regret that the Tivoll
has been getting the cold shoulder all
round lately. Stijce "The Geisha" noth
ing seems to succeed there. Of course,
at the present time the Tivoli is suffer
ing from the Bostonians, an honorable
ilon, but earlier productions— "The
Pearl of Peking." for one— have been
glittoringly good and have fallen on
few ears. The piece that has been run
ning the past week, "The Vice-Ad
miral," a very model of German comic
opera, has sone absolutely begging. I
confess the performance left something
to be desired, but there was a lot in it
that was valuable; and one of those
Ftunning finales should have been a
feast in itself for anybody who cares
tor. the unadulterated essence of the all
but l-'si art of musical comic opera.
" The <r-M?h;i" spoiled the Tivolite. Ever
the run of that jolly Anglo-Japa
;n;isterpiece nothing else has been
enough for him; he has used the
llenciea of "The Geisha" as a club
with which to smite the shortcomings
; of her successors. So the Tivoli man
agement has been practically driven to
r revival of the success of three months
ago. I wish the enterprise joy. No one
> shouted louder than I in acclaim of the
Vreisha" production; the clinging
jingle of the music and the lyrics, the
;-•:. -grace of the pictures and the general
I work of the company prejudiced
I rodigiously in favor of the little
eld opera house around the corner. I #
; ied the adulatory adjective for all I
worth that week, and gave the
press agents a hard run in the race of
praise; and I can row confess in mod
esty that they were beaten at their own
game. But doubtless they were handi
capped by the truth. Nothing can be
more painful to a press agent than for
him to find that his rosiest flights of |
fabrication are nothing stronger than !
mere fact.
If local pride Is ever to b« considered
In the theater we have an institution!
to gloat over in the Tivoli, the ancestor j
of cheap opera in America. The Tivoli i
used to stand alone as the house that j
; gave the most for the least, but the J
popularity of cheapness has spread, j
Philadelphia and Boston now pride
themselves on inexpensive music. The
Castle Square Opera Company of Phil
adelphia, an organization in direct
model of our Tivoli, has established it
self in New York, the home of the most
expensive opera in the world. And this
little company with its little prices has
sriadly welcomed by the public and
.-■fifes. Its performances are given
! space in the review columns of
the;, .nietropolitan papers; the most
: ian and De Reszke-fed critics
' ap.j.U.'. u •': the scheme; even when the
Binders ippearfcd a week or two ago in
rjae uncanny double bill of "Pinafore"
■alleria Rusticana" the critics!
not indulge in coarse jeers. The j
is generally a pretty safe place
te visit, and one to be encouraged so
■•■•'long as it sticks to the present policy
,can and, as nearly as is possible,
-^-gitimate performances. The town
owes the Tivoli a debt for the first
hearing of nearly all the later comic
\ operas and many of the grand operas.
No house in America has ever given
-like performances of grand opera at a
Kum within a dollar of the Tivoll's
prices. I am told by Mr. Leahy that
the coming serious season will be a
record breaker in enterprise. Monto
riari and Agostini, who were respon
sible for almost every pleasurable rec
ollection of the late Italian season at
the California, are engaged to appear
in "Manon Lescaut," the two "Bo
hemes" CPuccini's and Leoncavallo's),
and several other new operas that are
now being arranged for.
Although the Bostonians have ex
perienced anything but pecuniary
slights in the last two weeks, there has
been a general complaint from the peo
ple who have filled the Baldwin at
every performance of "The Serenade"
that that opera is a long fall short of
"Robin Hood." So the good-natured
Bostonians will revive "Robin Hood"
to-morrow night; and the long line of
ticket-Beekers that has strung from the
box office since the opening of the seat
sale definitely settles the commercial
fortun-es of this revival. And it is not
too optimistic, I think. In view of every
previous performance of the work by
these singers, to anticipate the artistic
success as well. "Robin Hood" was
built for the Bostonians, and it has
fitted them closer than their cuticle,
defying changes in the cast and' that
familiarity of tune which so often
breeds oblivion. Its popularity as a
performance is unparalleled. The
bumblest organ-grinder and the nickel
tn-the-elot music box have long since
-conje to regard its choicest melodies as
unprofitable chestnuts; it would be
worth the life of a concert-singer or a
person in private life to sing "Promise
Me" or "Brown October Ale." And yet
the line lasts at the Baldwin box office,
and we will all go and be crushed
while we listen for the hundredth time
to the tunes that have grown old
young. There is an attraction in
"Robin Hood" that Is Impertinently
lasting. At the moment I have no Idea
what it really is. Perhaps I will find
out Monday night.
The Columbia is in for another week
of "Shall We Forgive Her?" and has
my sympathies. The melodrama is un
pardonable mush, and Marie Wain
wripht would do herself prouder to be
In vaudeville. ASHTON STEVENS.
THE OUTER WORLD.
News and Comment of Distant Piays
and Players.
Stanley Jones, the London corre-
spondent of the New York Morning
Telegram, authors the .statement that
the engagement between Ethel Barry
<more and Laurence Irving has been
dared off. Credence will be given to
this item, because Mr. Jones furnished
his paper the information of the en
gagement a day in advance of
the dther London correspondents. The
reasons given for the breaking off are
to the effect that Miss Barrymore, al
though declaring the greatest respect
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
for young Irving as a gentleman, dis
covers that she does not care suffi
ciently for him to become his wife.
If all this be true it will be hard on
somebody else besides Mr. Irving. As
stated in these columns several weeks
ago, an enterprising metropolitan
vaudeville manager has been advertis
ing Miss Barrymore's father, the de
bonair Maurice, as "the father-in-law
elect of a son of a British knight."
However, Barrymore comes out of his
vaudeville experience with a joke. The
men who run continuous performance
he calls the i-need-theerevery hour
managers.
George Bernard Shaw, the accom
plished play assassin of the Saturday
Review, did not receive the usual press
invitation to the premiere of Pinero's
"Trelawny of the Wells," and upon tel
ephoning to the manager was told that
"three lines of adverse criticism would
be no use to the theater." However,
Mr. Shaw attended the second night,
and evidently enjoyed the piece, for he
wrote that the manager's belief that
The Saturday would attack it showed
that the manager didn't know a good
comedietta even when he saw it in his
own theater.
When Modjeska opened a fortnight's
season at the Fifth Avenue Theater,
New Tork, in "Marie Stuart" most of the
critics gave their first night "prefer
ences" to Charles Frohman's produc
tion of a farce called "O Susannah!"
But William Winter of the Tribune and
Rankin Towse of the Evening Post
devoted each a column to Modjeska,
who, in their opinion, is still the great
est actress in America and one of the
greatest in the world. They note that
her temperament has been somewhat
softened by time, but .they are agreed
fhat no other actress ever has played
in the past or does play now Schil
ler's Mary Stuart with the supurb
identity that Modjeska gives the part.
One of the topics of conversation
between acts at the first night of
"Mary Stuart," says the Commercial
Advertiser, was the long acquaintance
between Mme. Modjeska and her com-
patriot, Sienkewicz, author of "Quo
Vadis." The Polish novelist paid a
visit to this country some twenty years
ago, during Avhich he wro-te several
short stories, all based oh his Amerir
can impressions. It is said that he was
interested in the celebrated Polish ac
tress, and that it was her presence in
California which drew him to the New
World, and which resulted in his
charming California tales, some of
which have been published in English.
Some of the gossips even went as far
as to point out his feelings for Mme.
Modjeska as the basic motive of his
psychological novel "Without Dogma.'*
Modjeska's two weeks' engagement at
the Fifth Avenue was in all so success
ful that she will play a return season
next month.
After two disastrous seasons as a
star Wilton Lackaye is "at leisure" for
the lack of a play good enough to war
rant him in continuing his season. It
is said that he is contemplating ap
pearing next season in a dramatization
of Lever's "Charles O'Malley." In the
meantime he has just declined an offer
of $1000 for twelve weeks to appear in
a fifteen minute sketch at Proctor's
vaudeville house. _^_
A rumor has arrived to the effect
that Mr. Lackaye has Joined genius
with McKee Rankin, Nance O'Neil and
others of the Park Stock Company at
AMUSEMENTS.
rSiEOIANDEA 6OTTl()BaC*utwi»«nM4«j»
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
CONCLUDES TO - NIGHT— CAKE WALK
.contest for ; gold . medal and championship of
the world— to all comers.
?£crfumM7, cTfilatiz
ATRIEDIANOER GOTttOB a C»u»»ri *»«*■*•««»
' To-Night, Sunday, and All Next Week. ,
The Accomplished Actress, - •
—MARIE WAINWRIGHT— —
In Jacob Lilt's Production of the New Drama
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER."
A stirring play of human Interest adequately
staged and acted.
March: Primrose & West's Minstrels.
ffijieiANOU fiotuoe ac? ussus »««««• .
BEGINNING TO-MORROW (MONDAY). .
THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTOMANS.
:■ Presenting -
»-^^» " ROBIN HOOD." <s*?-*
By - De Koven and Smith.
THIS (SUNDAY) EVENING— LIEUTENANT
R. E. PEART la , final lecture. Talk j Upon
Klondike. ; ; —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
Philadelphia. A revival of "Trilby" is
threatened, with MJss O'Neill— a Cali
fornia girl, by the way, who has made
quite a little name for herself under
Rankin's tutelage— in the title part
The Rev. John Talbot Smith, a Ro
man Catholic priest, who is understood
to be, in his clerical associations, very
close to Archbishop Corrigan, has writ
ten a play entitled "The Black Cardi
nal," which is to be produced by Frank
B. Murtha shortly at a prominent New
York theater.
Of course, "The Black Cardinal" is
not the first play ever written by a
priest, but it will be particularly Inter
esting to note just now, when much
that is presented on the stage is found
offensive, even by the lay mind, exact
ly what kind of a drama meets with
the approval of the church— and
whether the public will take to it.
Father Smith's contribution to the
stage is a historical romance, and its
plot is founded on the struggle between
Napoleon I and Pope Pius VII, a strug
gle full of interest and teeming with
dramatic incidents. The student of his
tory will recall that Napoleon at one
time imprisoned the Pope and carried
off with him to Paris a large number
of the cardinals. Among these latter
was Cardinal Consalvi, a renowned dip
lomat, who had been Pius' secretary of
state. Later on, when the Emperor di
vorced Josephine and married Marie
Louise of Austria, thirteen of the car
dinals, headed by Consalvi, refused to
attend the wedding ceremony on the
ground that Josephine's divorce was
not valid. As a punishmr-nt for his
boldness In thus' defying the Emperor,
Consalvi was exiled to Lyons and for
bidden to wear the red robrs of nls of
fice. Hence the title of the play.
Miss Elizabeth Robins, an American
actress, who in London has become fa
mously identified with Ibsen's plays,
has Just arrived In New York, where
she will engage a .company of her own
and produce plays, by Ibsen, Echegaray
and other dramatists who are known
by most of the New York" critics only
to be misunderstood. Miss Robins was
one of the pioneer Ibsen missionaries
of London, where she is regarded as
one of the best of modern actresses.
She is a native of Louisville. Ky. Her
last appearance in this country was
AMUSEMENTS.'-' ,
alcazar7 8
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
LEAVES YOU TOrNIGHT (SUNDAY). V '
To-Morrow, jJfejfc?
Monday, jjm^Wk
raise m&>
\ \\X P *&m^U.\
JIIUIIIUi §Sp&^ *
■ - . ' - " S^^^' r ' :-'
-■ The European and American success.
Prices, 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c. -
All new scenery and effects.
HI VIVTPTA Corner of Mtson and
\JL,imFIA -Eddy- Sifts. :.-■
Amerca's , Most ■ Beautiful Music r Hall.
Great new bll of artists— CEClL MARION,
SENORITA INEZ ," MLLE. ANTON LTTe!
FRED BROWN, COUCH, - MILLER, PUNTA,
and others. " MATINEE TO-DAY. <
with the Booth and Barrett combina
tion. Booth was one of her first theat
rical advisers, and gave her strong en
couragement. In London she acted
with George Alexander and John Hare
before taking up the new tendency. She
succeeded in establishing an independ
ent theater in London — the New Cen
tury Theater— and her progress in New
York will be watched with interest, as
nearly all the. "popular" metropolitan
critics are wildly opposed to Ibsenism.
Forbes Robertson, whose Hamlet,
according to the consensus of London
criticism, is the best in the history of
modern acting, will shortly make a
tour of Germany, appearing with Mrs.
Patrick Campbell and an English com
pany in several of Shakespeare's plays.
He will carry no scenery, as the Ger
mans, who have long been reckoned
among the most enthusiastic of Shake
speareans, always keep their best
theaters well equipped for productions
of the bard. Mr. Robertson will include
Maeterlinck in his repertory, using a
translation of "Pelleas et Melisande,"
recently effected by Miss Laurence
Alma Tadema and J. W. Mackail, a
famous Latin scholar. The interest at
taching to the appearance of Mrs.
Campbell and Mr. Robertson in this
beautiful little tragedy will be consider
ably heightened by the fact that Hum
perdinck is composing the incidental
music for the production. Modern Eng
lish drama will be represented by "The
Second Mrs. Tanqueray," which Mr.
Robertson considers its masterpiece,
Mrs. Campbell playing Paula, the part
she created.
From London comes the news that
"The Cat and the Cherub," with Hol
brook "Blinn in the principal part, has
just celebrated its 100 th performance.
Mr. Fernald has nearly completed an
other play which young Blinn will pro
duce in London whenever the run of
the Chinese piece shall have come to an
end.
The relation between the actor and
the critic is at best a delicate one, and
the less social intercourse there is be
tween them the easier it is for the critic
to be fair with his readers. Miss Da
venport's recent hospitable production
of "Joan of Arc" in Boston is a good
example of the point in question. She
wanted the play judged by the best
critics in the country, and several
weeks in advance of the premiere she
sent invitations to nearly all the big
critics of the big cities. Acceptances
were numerous, and a large wing of
one of Boston's swellest hotels was re-
quired for the entertainment of the
critical guests. A midnight banquet
was given an hour after the conclusion
of the performance, and it is to be im
agined that the good cheer nearly
choked the visiting critics, for the play
had been such an out and out failure
that their telegraphic reviews had dealt
with it in no gentle terms. If such an
occasion should arise again perhaps it
would be better to make it a Dutch
treat.
Now that canned "Carmen" and
tinned "Camille" have proved so suc
cessful in the continuous performances,
AMUSEMENTS.
Matinee To-Day, SUNDAY, Feb. 27.
Parquet (any seat), 2oc; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
Week Commencing Monday, Feb. 28,
8 -NEW VAUDFVILLE MAGNETS -8
WHITNEY BROS.. Novelty . Musical Art-
iste; DRAWEE, the Modern Juggler; JOE
and NELLIE DONER. Comedians; SMART
and WILLIAMS, Ebony Comedy; FILSON
and ERROL, LINA PANTZER. DAMM.-W
TROUPE, MAUD BEALL PRICE. GEO. W.
DAY and the Biograph.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Last Two Performances of "THE LAST
STROKE."
Commencing To-morrow. Feb. SS, Fourth Week
of the Talented Artnr. HARRY MA IN HALL.
In the Initial Production of the Great Nau-
tical Melodrama
'SAVED FROM THE SEA."
Explosion wreck scene In mid-ocean; sensa-
tional collapse of the suspension bridge.
Evening prices. 10c, 25c, COc. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday.
~SHERMAn7cLAY S CO.'S BALL.
Piano Recital by MISS MARION BEAR.
THURSDAY EVENING, March 3, 189$.
Seats on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Acton Davies of the Evening Sun wants
Miss Anna Held, who is said to be very
hard pressed for a novelty, to treat the
public to one of her condensed milk
baths.
Remarking on the crowd at the thea
ters, its influence and taste. Fran
cisque Sarcey says in Revue Bleue
that neither the intrinsic merit of a
play nor the intrinsic merit of the act
ing is a considerable element in the im
mediate success of the piece. It is true
that good plays succeed even at the
time; Corneille, Racine and Moliere
were usually immediately successful,
but excellence insures cmly a very mod
erate success at first. Thomas Cor
neille, the unknown brother of the fa
mous Pierre, had a greater temporary
success than his great brother. "Ari
ane" was played oftener and attracted
much larger crowds than "Les
Horaces" or "Cinna." "At the theater
the man of talent," says Sarcey. "de
feats the man of genius, although in
the course of centuries the genius and
and the man of mere talent are put in
their proper places."
What counts more than intrinsic
merit, continues the French critic, is
the conformity of the play with the
turn of mind, the sentiment and taste
of the crowd. At different times there
are different kinds of plays which are
popular. At a time when the classic
tragedy was the only form acceptable,
a poor play with that form would suc
ceed better than a good play of diver
gent form. No matter how much the
tragedy bored, respect inclined the
crowd to admiration, and they clapped
their hands by tradition.
The operetta began with master
pieces of its kind, hut when the type
once became popular anything of the
kind would succeed. Good comedies,
good vaudeville, given at that time
would not succeed. "The crowd was
like the man of whom La Bruyere
speaks who appreciated and cultivated
prunes exclusively, and prunes only of
one species. He picked them devotedly
from the tree and said, 'Taste that!
What perfume! What meat! What
taste! That is a prune, a real prune.'
'It is an operetta,' said the public, and
ran to it as to a fire." Revolutions in
public demand come, but no one knows
how.
Sarcey says that the skill of the actor
does not count as much as the adapta
tion of the actor to what the world be
lieves beforehand to be good. A come
dian who has failed for years, though
an artist, suddenly educates the crowd
to understand his quality, and when
they learn it well they applaud every
time he appears and anything which
resembles him.
"Mme. Bernhardt displayed a tender
ness, eloquence and grace and evoked
in this role of the blind, loving and suf
fering woman an- emotion, a sympathy,
which are. indescribable," says the Lon
don Times of her part In d'Annunzio's
tragedy, "La Ville Morte." The play,
however, is said to be monotonous and
morbid, with more talk than artion,
a work that reads better than it plays!
Being- without life, it seems insincere.
It sometimes shakes the nerves, but
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA^HOUsi?
Mrs. Ebnbstine Krelixg. Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT— TIME.
THE MUSICAL TRIUMPH. ,
The yice=Adniiral!
TO-MORROW EVENING^ requested revival of
V "THE GEISHA !"
- The brilliant - Japanese . musical comedy.
Popular prices 1 ;. ........ .'.... ...'..•.-... .25 and 500
r . SEATS :' NOW ON SALE.  .' x. -
MARENO,
.THE VIOLIN VIRTUOSO.
TWO RECITALS ONLY.
SHERMAN-CLAY ~, HALL. •■ ; WEDNESDAY
EVENING, March 2, 8:15 o'clock. -.- ■•;-■••
. SATURDAY AFTERNOON, March .5. 2:30
O'clock. -" ;,"-..--• "•: . .'■ ; ' \i .•'.." ".•""«■• .i : ; ■
Admission 50 cents, . Reserved Seats, . $1. - .-.
Sale of J Beats ; commences • to-morrow >■■ (Mon-
day) morning at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, ■ cor-
ner of gutter and Kearny streets. ■- -_-^^f :
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
nQQ MARKET ' ST.. : - :1 OPP.0 PP. V: P ALACS
OuO Hotel. Telephone (70. R«ald«no« DM
| Valencia »trwt- ' XtlirpfeOMt "CburcJi" Ik
.-■ ._ ■ -': .., - '.-.•- ■ ■ ■ - - .. -'i
never moves the heart. There is a sig
nal want of proportion, and the very
setting of the dead and cursed city is
out of harmony with the sonorous
phrases which seem to be delivered by
actors promenading on stilts.
"The most convincing line I ever read
on the subject of actors," says Jeff d'An
gelis, "was writ in large red letters on
the wall of a dressing room in a South
ern California theater. It was this:
"Aping the rich keeps actors poor.' "
It is authentic news from Paris that
Jean de Reszke has added to his reper
tory "Trovatore" and "William Tell,"
and that he will sing in both operas
when he reappears in America next
season^ It is also said that Calve is
studying the part of Lenora. This may
result in a renascent boom for the de
spised urn-pa school of opera.
From Kansas City came the first
news that Louis James. Mme. Rhea and
j Frederick Warde will make a joint
! starring tour next season under the
I name of the James-Rhea-Warde Com
bination. Mr. James 1 present managers,
Wagnhalse and Kemper, will conduct
the tour. The plays selected are "Julius
| Caesar," "Othello," "Macbeth," "Ham
i let," "Much Ado" and "School for Scan
| dal."
Yvette Guilbert's success in Berlin
has been so great that she now goes
to Hamburg, Budapest and Vienna.
"Madame Sans-Gene" is to be played
In Madrid under the name of La Corte
de Napoleon I.
Duse has quarreled with d'Annunzlo
about the excisions to be made in "The
Dead City," so she has refused to play
it in Milan this month, as intended.
Jane Hading has canceled her con
tract with Jhe Vaudeville and Gym
nase theaters at Paris.
Commenting on Barnum's circus,
which did a phenomenal business in
England, the critic of the London Sun
writes:
"One of the hardest things for the
English public to understand about this
show* is the perfectly fair treatment
given in the matter of admission. Lon
don audiences are so accustomed to
pay extra fees for almost everything
they see after gaining admission to the
large exhibition that they scarcely re
alize until after they have left the
building that the shilling or two shil
lings or more which they have paid for
their admission ticket and reserved
seat coupon before entering the doors
has paid for a view of everything?
Henry Irving has in preparation a
play written in part by the clever
young barrister who wrote "The Green
Carnation."
Bald Win.
In the Bostonians* revival of "Robin
Hood," which commences at the Bald
win to-morrow night and lasts the
week, Miss Nielsen, Miss Giusti and
Mr. Philp will be heard for the first
time here in the respective parts of
Maid Marion, Annabelle and Robin
Hood. The original members of the
company will have their original parts,
Jessie Bartlett Davis as Alan-a-Dale,
Barnabee as the intrepid Sheriff of
Nottingham, Cowles as Will Scarlet,
Mac Donald as Little John and Froth
ingham as Friar Tuck. Mr. Fitzgerald
will be the Guy of Gisborne and Miss
Josephine Bartlett the Dame Durden.
The fourth and final week of the en
gagement will give us practically the
first production of the new opera of
"Rip Van Winkle."
Joseph Holland, at the head of a
company which includes Gretchen
Lyons, Joseph Kilgour, Winona Shan
non and Charles Collins, follows the
Bostonians in Mrs. Ryley's, "The Mys
terious Mr. Bugle."
Columbia.
The second week of "Shall We For
give Her?" will be followed by Prim
rose and West's Minstrels. In the
troupe are George Primrose, George
Wilson, E. M. Hall (the celebrated
banjoist), B. S. Carnes, Ernest Tenny,.
Manuel Romain, W. H. Thompson, the
Ben Mowatt trio, the Waterbury
brothers and Tenny, the marvelous
Seymours and other well-knoWn
AMUSEMENTS.
INTERSTATE COURSING CLUB
OF CALIFORNIA.
THIRD ANNUAL INCLOSED MEETING.
To Be Run at
UNION COURSING PARK
6ATURDAT AND SUNDAY,
February 26 and 27, Commencing at 11 a. m.
Take S. P. trains, leaving Third and Town-
send streets— Saturday, 10:40, 11:30, 1:46. Sun-
day, 10:15, 10:40, 11:30, 12:30.
Trains leave Valencia and Twenty-fifth
streets 5 minutes later, or take San Mateo
electric cars.
ADMISSION - - - 25c.
CHIQUITA
THE TINIEST TOT THAT EVER HAP-
PENED.
WILL BE AT
THE. • CHUTES
But One Week Longer.
A jreat Vaudeville bill In the Fres Theater.
10c to all, including Vaudeville; children, 6o«
burnt cork and vaudeville entertain
ers.
Tivoli.
In the Tivoli's revival of "The Gei
sha," which begins to-morrow night,
the cast will be the same as in the
first production. After the second run
of "The Geisha" the Tivoli will revive
several of the romantic and lighter
grand operas and give the first pro
duction here of the operetta, "Made
laine, or the Magic Kiss."
Alcazar.
Says the press agent of the Alcazar
in his own English:
"Ludicrous farce after three weeks
cf immense business gives way this
wrek to a drama of the most peculiar
type. It is neither comedy, emotional,
sensational and much less melodrama
tic; yet the essence of the four faces
of the drama are blended into one
intensely interesting story, dramati
cally told. Misapprehended character,
in other words false honor and false
modesty are the singular elements
which, when produced in London and
New York, set the theater-goers of
those head centers astir and the play
'False Shame,' so wonderfully well
conceived by the great English writer,
F. A. Marshall. So important were
four of the leading roles considered
by managers that Harry Montague,
John Gilbert, Clara Morris and Fanny
Davenport were included in the cast
made up of some of the most able per
formers that have done a dramatic
turn. It is this play which has been
In active preparation for several
■weeks, which will for the first time
in its history be put on by stork at
popular prices, or even played by a
stock company, and to the Alcazar
stock company both press and public
will patiently wait to see what con
ception that clever little company will
give to the most difficult play they
have ever had assigned to them."
Morosco's.
"Saved From the Sea," a sensational
natutical melodrama of the English
persuasion, will be the production at
Morosco's.
In the first act the good ship Ocean
Waif plows the ocean main. A num
ber of melodramatic scenes occur on
deck, terminating in the blowing up of
the vessel. As the hull disappears be
neath the cruel waves the hero and he
roine are discovered battling for life,
but are rescued by ov a of the boats. In
act two there is a sensational break
away bridge scene and generous sprink
ling of comedy. Later on there is in
troduced a stone quarry, shrouded in
fog, which lifting discloses a scene in
waving corn fields.
The story of the play has been cre
ated from the strange circumstances
surrounding the case of John Lee, who,
having been condemned to death in the
British courts, had his sentence com
muted because three attempts to hang
him proved unsuccessful, the gallows
upon each occasion refusing to work.
Harry Mainhall and a big cast will as
sist the scene painters and stage me
chanics to make the production a suc
cess.
OrpKeum.
Comedy will predominate In the four
new turns which will be added to the
Orpheum bill this week. The Whitney
Brothers will contribute a grotesque
musical act; Smart and Williams will
sing coon songs and execute coon com
edy, and Joe and Nellie Doner will ap
pear in a skit by the name of "An Es
caped Lunatic." The serious relief to
all this fun will be furnished by
Drawee, the juggler.
The hold-overs include Filson and
Errol, who will reproduce their come
diette, "Men vs. Women," in which
they made their first appearance at the
Orpheum over a year ago; Maud Beall
Price, mimic and vocalist; George W.
Day, monologue comedian; Lina Pant
zer, wire artiste, and the Carl Damman
troupe of acrobats. The biograph re
mainß for another week, and among
other views will show one of the
United States battleship Maine.
Galifomia.
Black Patti's Troubadours close a
three weeks' engagement with to
night's performance.
F. Marion Crawford, the novelist, is
to appear at the California shortly in
a series of three lectures, the subjects
being "Pope Leo XIII in the Vatican,"
"Early Newspaper Experience of the
Original Mr. Isaacs in India" and "Ital
ian Home Life in the Middle Ages."
Ghutes.
This is the farewell week of Chlqulta
at the Chutes. She has been a mag
netic attraction for ma(ny weeks. A
big variety show is offered in the Free
Theater.
Olympia.
The new bill includes Julius Simons,
a music-hall singer from London; Star
key and Rathbun, horizontal barris
ters; Arnold, aero-bat, and Cecilia Ma
rion, balladist.
p*eary Lecture.
At the Baldwin to-night Lieutenant
R. E. Peary will give another of his
Illustrated talks on the frozen North.
He intends to-night to make a special
feature of the Klondiker's wardrobe by
giving authoritative opinion on the sort
of clothes and equipment required in
and on the way to Dawson.
j^lusical.
At the next concert the Symphony
Society will introduce its first soloist in
the person of Henri Marteau, a young
French violinist of international repu
tation.
Another violinist of local interest is
young Marino, who left here several
years ago to study under Ysaye. He
will give a recital on Wednesday even
ing at Sherman & Clay Hall.
On Thursday evening at the same
hall Miss Marion Bear, another native
Just returned from European conserva
tories, will give a piano recital. Miss
Bear has been flatteringly recognized
in Berlin and Dresden.
| > ;:•; : ■ AMUSEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
• INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING pom MONDAY, "Feb. 21, to
■ SATURDAY, March 5, inclusive.
Flye or More Races Daily, Rain or SMns.
; FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
S. ;P.; P. R. B. Trains 1 1 and 1:15 P.M. Dally.
Leave Third, street station, stopping -at Va-
lencia . street.' 'Returning Immediately after
the races. • ■-« --■ «
• . i ELECTRIC , CAR LINES.
Kearny street and Mission street cars every;,
three minutes, direct to track ■without .change. -
Fill more street cars transfer each way. :
"■■■ S. N. ANDROUS, President.
: : F. H. GREEN, Secretary. ■
COMING I
MARTEAU
-• ■- ■- :■ ..-■■.-. ;"..-. ... - :-. .■ •■ ... . . ...
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST.
V ■/: - ; ; DURING MARCH.
. Dates, place, , etc.. .In later announcement*
direction; Henry WoKeoha.
2728
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS.
The first State normal school was or
ganized about twenty-five years ago In
this city, and after a short time was re
. moved to San Jose. Some years later San
Francisco re-established a normal for the
purpose of preparing for her own teach
• ers the graduates from her high school,
and thus protecting the attendance at the
• latter, for otherwise the graduates of the
•city grammar-schools would have gone
1 directly to the normal school at ban. Jose.
The San Francisco normal, then, was re
garded as a post graduate course to the
: high schools. In this way the students
were enabled to remain at home under
. parental influence, rather than board
. : away for three or four years while fitting
- themselves for their profession.
-- From time to time the San Francisco
: ' normal has passed through various peri
'•;• ods of opposition, rising mainly through
'.misconception of its aims and work.
;■ However, in spite of this spirit the
V sell""! has steadily progressed and
proved of great benefit to the city by rais
'.•'• ing the standard of teachers' require
ments in the department and endeavoring
- to suppress the old custom of appointing
teachers without merit, through political
influence.* -~. V.
■■'• For the past ten years the Boards of
Education have been in the habit of giv
• '.- ing five or six positions to the , highest
pupils in the normal school, thus secur
■•'. ing the best material for the department.
, . As a rule these prize pupils have shown
..themselves hfghly successful in their
• work and a credit to their training. This
-" year, however,, the custom was with
':. drawn.
. In 18S9 Mrs. Mary W. Klncaid, then act
ing as principal of the school, was elected
• to the principalshlp of the Girls' High
;.• School. In her stead Miss Laura T. Fow
•.'; ler, one of our oldest and most practical
•educators, was then placed in charge of
\ the Normal department. .Some four or
'■ five years ago the Normal severed its
.•"■connection with the High School and be
;.'•• came independent. Since then the school
• ■■■ has for short, periods been under the di
rection , of Albert Voder and then of
:'. 'James. G. Kennedy, who was an able
.';'-teacher, but unfortunately died after
-.' three months' service. Later Miss Fow
■"• ler became principal of' the Normal,
which position, she has ever since held.
Miss* Laura T. Fowler graduated from
'.-Packer College in Brooklyn, N. Y. She
.- ; has taught more than thirty-three years
. In the ban Francisco department, where
■ she served faithfully In all the grades,
first as a class teacher and then as in
.= spectress and principal. Miss Fowler was
one of the first women principals in the
■ city. The long list of able teachers all
. -over the State -whom she has trained and
. graduated bears witness to her thorough
• methods and the earnest character of her
.' 'work.
• .. Until the present year the attendance
at the San Francisco Normal was limited
• . to 100 pupils, but this year it was thought
. advisable to extend the number to 125. In
speaking of the change Miss Fowler said:
■ -". "I do not agree with this decision, for I
; hold that, if any change, the school
• should be limited to . a less number, be
cause better results can be obtained in
, Individual training with a smaller num
• - ber of students. I think that a good work
• man of any kind cannot be produced by
training in the- mass, but only by sepa
-.-rate individual work. Therefore I con
y"elder the average State Normal School
; . too large to bring- about the best results.
,'-. : . If the money for these normals could be
■ used to establish more of these schools
••.'_ of less size the people would be better
accommodated, students better trained
. and ■ the State would certainly receive
. ' a greater return for Its expenditure."
-. .The expense of the Normal is merely
• nominal, for not only is there a certain
■}• income from the tuition fees of High
; .School graduates from other parts of the
• State, but also as a certain, part of the
school is always engaged in practical
outside -work the faculty is necessarily
email.. All the students are divided into
-."two sections, and these are sent during
•■ alternate months into the public schools
—of the city, where they gain practical ex
.. perience as student teachers. As a rule
• •the teachers and principals of the schools
•'. Writer into hearty co-operation with this
.• plan. Thus during the year's course each I
girl receives three months' training in ]
•■••• the real applied methods of pedagogy j
Mips Fowler considers this experience of
. immense advantage and superior to all
= other : forms of training, because the
young teachers are brought face to face
■ with all phases of child life in various
..••parts of a great city, whereas the aver
.. age training class of the other State Nor
mals Is apt to be an ideal one. and there
fore the student teacher is restricted to
• one class of children and to the same
■ critic teaching throughout her course
• "■ The principal of each school in which a
'.student teaches sends a report of her j
• work. to the Superintendent, from which
•w vvv\f\sv^^r^r^y^i f -'*' V V ™ *C *& ™ ™ ™ ™ W *& ™
SAIN FRANCISCO PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS' SALARIES
COMPARED WITH THOSE OF THE SEVEN LARGEST CITIES.
CITIES.
RANGE OF SALARIES DURING 12 YEARS' SERVICE.
I.
PRINCIPALS.
GRADE TEACHERS.
Ist
4th
sth
6th
7th
I 9th
10th
11th
12th
Minimao.
Maiimum.
aißUClStliaaffay:;;;;
$600
600
: 5672
66<)
.S7OB| SI
<iiM)j 7
S7BO
7 50;
$816
780
$852 1
'810
#924
876
5960
912
$996
91 2
$1,200
! S3.<
$960' <«
<S
2,000 4
<«
850 1
S6OO
SI, LOUiS (Hinhest salary :
"'' LIJU ' J - •• (Lowest salary
700
440
750
480
800
5 20
i
2,600
3.500
400
 —
CfiICSEO (Highest salary ,
LniUfttJU.. . . ; Lowest salary
500
500
550
550
625
575
675
650
725j
7()0!
800
775
825
800
1.200
2,500
fILADELPHIA. jJS^^y:.:;::
500
500 '
580
530
610
560
640!
590:
670
620!
700
650
730
650
760
630
760 «
<$
1,200 <S
1,500
2.700
500
1 BROOKLYN . I?* 1 "*? salary
■ h 1* • Lowest salary
400
400;
450;
450
610
550
700
600;
750
650
930
7oo;
1,000-1,200
750
1,500
3.000
400
FW YORK JH'Rhest salary
lii iuiia .. . JLo weat sa | ar> :
720
504
1,080 1.350
576; 756
1.620 1.890
936 1.116
2.250
J,350
2,750
3.250
2,250 <
BOSTON IP***" 1 salary
uuuiuh. . . . ( L Owest salary
972 1,020 1,008 1.116 1.164 1212
552, 600 i 648 696 ( 744 792
<$
840
888-936
3,180
1,212
FRATERNAL NEWS
MASONIC.
last Tuesday night California Chapter
performed a double function, that of con
ferring the royal arch degree and cele
brating the anniversary of the birth of
Washington yby a banquet in Commander)'
Hall. There were present about one hun
dred and fifty persons to discuss the ex
cellent menu provided. Rev. W. E. Smith
responded to the toast, "Washington as
a Man and a Mason," W. L. Pierce to
"Our Country," Grand Master Thomas
Flint Jr. to "The Fraternity of Free and
Accepted Masons." Philip D. Code to
"Our Mother Chapter (San Francisco No.
1)," Charles L. Patton to "The Masonic
Widows and Orphans' Home," W. L.
Swift to "Our Baby Chapter (Ferridale)."
George T. Bromley to "American Wit as
Compared With That of Other Nation
alities'," and Charles L. Field to "Our
Visiting Companions." During the even
ing the quartet rendered "Absence."
"Seven and Seventy" was sung by D. M.
Lawrence. E. C. Mcßain rendered "The
Old Brigade" and Samuel D. Mayer gave
"The O!d Oaken Bucket," after which the
assemblage sang several of the national
hymns.
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Ivy Chapter observed the anniversary of
the'birth of the Father of his Country on
last Tuesday night by an entertainment
and dance In the chapter hall in Golden
Gate Asylum. As usual on the occasion
of entertainments given by this very pro
gressive chapter the hall was crowded to
its capacity. Patron Charles L. Patton
acted as master of ceremonies. The open
ing number was a duet by Mrs. F. L.
"Wilson and Mr. Fleming. Miss Lillian
Rhodes favored with a recitation; Miss
Addle Ring and Miss Louise Langley en
tertained with darkey specialties in black
and won much applause; W. J. Hawley
then gave a vocal solo; the Misses Pearl
and Maude Noble charmed the audience
with a cornet and trombone duet; this
was followed by an instrumental trio;
Carl Johnson danced a sailor's hornpipe
and Charles Williams closed the pro
gramme with a vocal solo. As an extra
Mesdames Heuer Wilson. Raymond, Dar
ling, Noble and Richards rendered "The
Star Spangled Banner," and as the first
words of the chorus were sung the entire
audience arose and joined In.
The unison of several hundred voices
giving vent to patriotic sentiment was
an Incident In the history of the chapter
the latter makes his estimate of her
standing during the year.
The examinations of the school are
formulated by the principal, under the su
pervision of the Superintendent, and dur
ing this year they have been personally
supervised by a member of the board of
examiners delegated by the Superintend
ent at the request of Miss Fowler. The
principal is earnest and active in Tier en
deavors to sustain the reputation of the
Counly Superintendent of School*, Lot Angeles.
school, and therefore believes- In a strong
basis of admission, but thinks it should
be the law governing a first grade certifi
cate and not merely the decision of any
one Institution, for the State University
may accredit a school whose diploma does
not cover the legal studies for such a cer
tificate.
As a part of their training Miss Fowler
leaves the programmes for any general
exercises in the hands of her "students.
That of Lincoln Day was finely rendered
under the charge of Mis;; Pearl Hossack,
and appropriate exercises were held to
commemorate Washington's birthday.
Mrs. M. M. Fitzgerald, the vice-princi
pal, is a teacher of long standing in the
department. She graduated first from the
Girls' High School and later from the
Normal at San Jose. Teaching, is a gift
with her, and she has won the esteem
and confidence of all her students.
The other members of the faculty are
Mr. Goldstein, teacher of the Prang sys
tem of drawing, and Miss Estellc Car
penter, one of Mr. Tomlin's brightest and
most gifted graduates, who is an expo
nent of the modern tonic sol-fa method.
• * •
AGRICULTURE IN THE SCHOOLS.
The fact that the vast majority of pu
pils who attend the public schools must
of necessity become farmers, mechanics
merchants and ordinary "hewers of wood i
and drawers Of water" never seems to oc
cur to the boards of education who have
devised the school curriculum.
While I am in favor of an education of
the broadest kind for every man or !
woman who can obtain It, yet there are !
comparatively few who can hope to at- I
tain it. The tendency of the common I
schools is to direct the minds of the !
scholars toward literature and the pro- I
fessinns and to cause a dislike to the •
commoner walks of life.'
This very thing has done much to draw
the cleverest minds away from the farm.
The school course should be framed for
the greatest good to the greatest number
Hence agriculture should be taught in our
schools— at least in the country towns.
Let the children receive more Instruction
on subjects with which they are famiMar
and which will prove later of every-day
practical value.
never to be forgotten. At the close of
the entertainment there was a cake walk,
in which the honors were awarded to
Charles L. Patton and Roy T. Kimball.
The affair, which was a great success,
was under the direction of the committee
on entertainment, consisting of Mrs
Lydia Steele, Mrs Alvina Heuer Wilson.
Miss Horence Perkins. Mrs. Edna Fields
and Mrs. \ irginia Patton. The guests
were received By Mrs. Nellie Owens, Mrs,
F. .Bonineld, Mrs. T. Noah, Mrs. H. M
Patterson and Messrs. G. W. H. Patter
son. and Cyrus Clinton Dow. During the
evening there were disposed of handsome
painted tidies, donated by the worthy
matron. Airs. Dow, and a picture donated
by. Mrs. Lockwood. ■
\- The entertainment last Monday night
.by.Mission Chapter drew to the beaut .ml
tw fliiT* li ll , was yen an audience
that filled the place to beyond the door
limits, and among the visitors were rep
resentatives of aj. the local chapters and
those across the bay. Mrs. George L
Darling enchantea the audience with the
rendering of "You," and for an encore
gave a lullaby. Joseph Goodman enter
tained with a recitation; Miss Cordie
•Wetjen whistled "II Baccio," and was
loudly applauded. Then there were", reci
tations by Miss Harper and ' Miss Duncan
vocal solos by Miss Couzins-and piano
selections by Mr. Dutton. During ■• the
evening there was distributed a pamphlet
that contained In verse the experiences of
the ladies of the chapter in earning a
dollar each to pay for the central star
that ornaments the ceiling of the
meeting-hall. Much of the verse has
a jingle in It that Is not bad for ama
teurs, but me one that has real ment
is that contributed by Mrs. Mary G. Fos
ter - tne secretary of the chapter. James
A. Wilson was the master of ceremonies
and he presided in his usually happy
manner. The entertainment was fol
lowed by dancing.
_There are others for whom is claimed
the credit of having delivered the pa
tron as well as the matron's charge to
candidates, and the latest named for this
honor are Miss Esther Mould of Vernon
& a i?l? r ' w J 10 «. lnitlated three candidates
in 1890, and from choice delivered the
patron s charges, and • another* is Mrs.
Kate " aenn y of ■ Friendship . Chapter, Lin-
C 2 Hi, \ <?? -County, who in 1895 perform
ed the initiatory work usually performed
by. a patron.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
The celebration of the eighteenth an
niversary of the Institution of Keystone
Lodge was the event in Knights of Honor
circles last week. This occurred on
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
If agriculture and the practical side of
farming, such as the making of butter
and cheese, the maintaining of the fer
tility of the land, the different breeds and
characteristics of farm animals, and
growth of plants— if these subjects were
taught it would invest farm life with a
new interest and uplift the general senti
ments held in regard to it. The country
girls and boys would be imbued with a
nobler conception of the vocations of
City School Superintendent of Lot Angelas.
their fathers and would not seek to leave
their country homes for the city. What
is needed is a text book on this subject
which wnuld fully cover the ground and
be written in unscientific language. The
agricultural papers especially should agi
tate the question and continually urge It
upon the attention of the people. When
this is done a great benefit will follow,
which will be felt by all classes of the
community. G. 11. BENNETT.
San Diego.
* • •
THE SCHOOLS OF LOS ANGELES.
A recent report of the schools in the
city of I.os Angeles shows that there are
to-day fifty-seven school buildings, eleven
of which were erected rwo years ago. Al
ready, however, the school population is
so increased that ten more buildings are
deemed necessary.
Los Angeles is justly proud of its edu
cational facilities and its school system,
whose excellent maintenance is largely
due to the careful supervision of the
County Superintendent. Spurgeon V
Riley, ably assisted by City Superintend
ent Foshay.
Ten years ago the value of all the
school property in the city, not including
the State Normal School, was ohlv about
1280,000. To-day the increased value is
estimated at $1.204.7.7), and this figure does
not count in the value of all the appa
ratus and the school libraries. Besides
this there should be mentioned the largely .
increased amount paid out yearly for
salaries to the 42S teachers. The number
of children was shown by the school cen
sus last May to be 23,384.
The salary of the Superintendent of
Schools is $3000 a year, that of the deputy
superintendent $210> and that of the prin
cipal of the High School $2500. The sal
aries of the teachers range from $130 a.
month down to $45 a month paid to kin
dergarten assistants. While the salaries,
viewed by the principals, are not greater
than those paid in equally large cities in
the East, the salaries paid the Grammar
School teachers are larger.
Pupils passing through the primary and
grammar departments, which are divided '
into half-yearly classes of twenty weeks
each, are then eligible for tho high school
Graduates from the latter are admitted
Thursday night In the Alcazar Social
Hall, and there was a large number of
ladies and gentlemen who responded to
the invitations extended by Fred Raabe,
Fred Raisch. C. H. Holcomb. U. J. Tus
kie and George W. Branch, the commit
tee on entertainment. There was an ad
dresss of welcome by Past Grand Dicta
tor Raabe, after which Past Grand Dic
tator Holcomb acted as master of cere
monies. After an overture Judge John
A. Carroll delivered an address on the
aims of the order; Kelly and Marlowe
gave Irish songs and specialties: Miss
Mamie McCarthy danced an oriental
dance; Master J. Kreling favored with
negro -songs; C. Bailey gave a barytone
solo; "Hen Bolt" was sung by James Don
ohue; Sheriff R. I. Whelan amused with
comic songs, and Miss Madeline McAvoy
Bang ballads. After the programme the
guests were invited to an au joining room,
where there was a banquet awaiting
them. Dancing until a late hour fol
lowed. Supreme Representative J. W.
Rourke and other grand officers were
present.
Fred Raabe, who was chairman of the
Fred Raafec, P. G. D.
committee of arrangements, is a most
active member of the order, with which
he has been connected for seventeen years.
He has been through all the chairs of
Keystone Lodge twice, has been past
grand dictator, and is at present one of
the trustees. He is also a member of
Eagle Lodge of the Odd Fellows, a mem
to all State universities and colleges, as
the school ranks among the highest of its
kind, in the State. It was originally in
tended for 525 pupils but the number has
swelled to 1200. The structure itself,
which was built eight years ago. Is a fine
specimen of the Romanesque style of ar
chitecture, and is beautifully finished in
side.
• • •
EDUCATION IN SAN DIEGO COUNTY.
The public schools of our county com
prise 139 districts of which eighty are
primary, fifty-one grammar and eight
high school. Of these San Diego is the
largest, with eighty-three teachers. Es
condido, National City, ajid the City of
Coronado rank next in size. The schools
of the county are all in fine conditton and
LOS ANGELES HIGH SCHOOL.
constantly increasing In numbers and ef
ficiency. Twelve new school houses were
built during the past year and others are
now under way.
The teaching force as a whole is quite
up to the average In scholarship, expe
rience and professional spirit. During the
term of Mr. Harr Wagner as County Su
perintendent "teachers' local institutes"
were organized in diiierent parts of the
ber of Golden Gate Lodge of the Elks,
and a member and director of the Iro
quois Club. He la a lovial fellow and is
exceedingly well liked in all organizations
of which he is a member.
The officers of Charter Oak Lodge were
installed last week by Gr^nd Dictator
Archibald. Dbrasn Nichols is the new
dictator. H. K. Cummings. the reporter,
who had been quite ill for some time is
recovering.
The members of Liberty Lodge will be
entertained by a reading by Professor P.
Prior, principal of the James Lick School
and a member of Polar Star Lodge, in
their hall to-morrow night.
A new lodge will be instituted In Berke
ley on the 7th of March in the presence
of the Oakland and Alameda lodges.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
ental Encampment on last Monday, In
stituted Pacheco Encampment at Hollis
ter with ei^ht charter members and con
ferred the degrees on twenty-one candi
dates. The following day these officers
visited the orphans' home at Gilr6y and
were the puests of Mrs. Hoxett, the
president, of the home.
Next Friday I'nlty Encampment, H. H.
Dobbin chief patriarch, -will pay Its an
nual visit to Golden Rule Encampment
across the bay
THE REBEKAHS.
The open meeting of Mission Rebekah
Lodge on the 19th Inst. was a great suc
cess, so pronounced by the many who at
tended. The programme included an ad
dress on Odd Fellowship by Dr. Frost;
Scotch danc* by little Lillie Mac Donald;
instrumental music by Miss Lizzie Otis,
Miss May Hintz. and Frank Norman;
vocal music by Messsrs. Reed and Ely
and Mrs. Berry; recitation, Miss Alice
Lockwood; fancy dance. Miss Alma La
com,b. and a whistling solo by Miss Abbie
Ewing. This was followed by dancing.
California Lodge had a pleasant apron
and necktie party last night in Its hall,
which was well filled with members and
friends.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
On the evening of the 2d of March all
the local lodges will meet on Union
Square for the purpose of forming in pro
cession and moving to the Mechanics'
Pavilion preceded by the drill teams in
uniform to visit the mining fair. A beau
tiful silk banner will be presented to the
drill team making the finest showing. At
the Pavilion there will be short addresses
by William H. Barnes, P. G. M. W. ; Ed
win Danlorth, G* L..; Judge George H.
county for the study and discussion of
educational problems of the day. These
meetings have been continued and are a
source of much strength to the schools.
New methods and ideas in teaching are
carefully investigated by us, and if found
worthy are heartily accepted. An or
ganization of the School Trustees of the
county has recently been effected and is
proving helpful in bringing the schools
into more prominence before the people.
In some districts, also, mothers' meet
ings are being introduced by the teachers,
thus drawing the home and school into
closer and more harmonious relation and
enabling teachers and parents to better
understand the method of treatment most
valuable to the children under their con
trol. In San Diego, Escondido, Coronado
and National City the kindergarten has
been established as a part of the public
school and is very popular there.
WALTER J. BAILEY.
Superintendent of San Diego County
Schools.
• • •
ON THE BLACKBOARD.
On Monday afternoon, February 21, the
San Francisco public schools commem
mcrated Washington's birthday with ap
propriate exercises.
• •
A reception in honor of Chauncey Shaw
and Paul Moor, who are soon to leave
for Alaska, was recently given by the
Beta Chapter of Pi Delta Kappa Frater
nity of the San Jose High School.
• • * . '
By reason of the declaration made by
the Governor naming Monday, February
21, a day of mourning on account of the
Maine disaster, the Chico public schools
were closed on that day. The State Nor
mal was also closed until Wednesday
morning.
• • •
The question of the union of the Fruit
vale and Bray school districts, In Ala
meda County, Is still unsettled.
• • •
The people of Encinal district, Banta
Clara County, are urging the need of a
schoolhouse.
Miss Jessie Bush of San Jacinto has
left school preparatory to her near de
parture for Alaska.
• • *
On February IS and 19 the three-act op
eretta, "The Conquest of Queen Hester "
was presented by the pupils of the Hester
district schools, Santa Clara County, for
the benefit of the school library fund.
• • •
Miss Reid and Miss Gardiner, who were
recently tried on the charge of cruelly
whipping a boy in the Sentous-Street
School, in East Los Angeles, have been
acquitted.
• • *
The students of the Vlsalla High School
are agitating the question of beginning
classes at 8 o'clock in order to avoid the
heat of the last hour In the afternoon
The theatrical club of the same school
recently netted 525 as the result of an
entertainment. This amount will be used
to purchase books for the school library.
• • •
The first term of the East Los Angeles
schools came to a close this week, and ex
aminations, were finished. The event was
celebrated by the High School students
by a flag raising, a dramatic entertain
ment.at,the school, and the class exer
cises held in the^Los^ Angeles Theater.
Superintendent Edward Hyatt of River
side County decided upon February 22 as
an Arbor Day for the public schools of
his county. The Corona children planted
palms in their school grounds. pillllveu
• • *
• On February IH, in honor of the closing
Of school Miss Cornie Miller, teacher of
the Farrington school in Inyo County
gave a very enjoyable dance* and enter
tainment.
• • «
Superintendent Kirk of Fresno County
lectured before the Madison School Dis
trict on February 19.
* • *
In San Joaquin County the boys of the
Athearn School District have lately made
a running track around their grounds
They are also practicing high jumping
and pole vaulting in preparation for a
field day next April.
* • •
The annual field day of the Los Gatos
High School was hel~ on Washington's
birthday. The games took place at Bun-
* • •
The pupils of the seventh and eighth
grades In the San Jacinto Grammar
Schoo] have taken up the interesting
study of entomology.
Bahrs, G. O. ; W. H. Jordan,' P. S. M "W
and others.
Unity Lodge will, on "Wednesday night
next, present a ticket to each member
who will be present in the lodge room at
half-past 7 o'clock to" take part in the
parade to the Golden Jubilee Mining Fair
Ihe anniversary of the order will be
?£ Se 9 r^K d i n srah ? style in this State on
the 26th of next April.
Pacific Lodge will give an entertain
ment next Thursday and South Berkeley
Lodge will give one on Friday.
The m^. mbershl of the order January 1
was 343 295; net gain in 1897 was 3066 The
*s e fi^ s ary funS disbursed during 1897
$8,145,488; amount from the date of or
ganization up to last January, $81 106 027
THE JUNIORS.
The entertainment and ball given by
the several councils of the Junior Order
of United American Mechanics and the
councils of the Daughters of Liberty in
Odd Fellows" Hall on Tuesday last was
the most successful affair that has ever
been given In this city under the auspices
of these two orders. The hall was crowd
ed iby•. an . audience that greatly enjoyed
the .. very , fine programme that ■ was of
fered and the dance that followed
At a meeting of the State officers held
in Los Angeles the resignation of State
Chaplain ; Van de Mark was accepted and
L C. ; Judkins ,of ■)■ Custer ; Council was
elected to • fill the vacancy. It was de
cided to change the j place of j meeting of
the State Council from Santa Barbara to
Los Angeles... Paul.. Revere Council was
awarded the prize for having shown The
greatest increase in a stated time. W
D. Worster of the same council got the
prize for j the greatest number of : mem
bers secured by one Individual. Univer
sity : Council was awarded - the second
prize and Vice-Councilor Bellenger the
second : prize for Individuals - enger tne
During ■ his , recent visit; to councils in
the South -the State councilor found all
councils active and enthusiastic except
enf^'g^t^S 36 ' WhlCh has >PpA:
Bellinger, is the only prominent candf:
sSSe^cilS?' Ume f ° r th 6 Oflk ' e Of
Paul Revere Council had an entertain
ment for members in Berkeley last night.
Henry . Clay Council will initiate . candi
dates to-morrow : night. v The State coun
cilor and . other ; grand v officers will * ad
dress an , open . ; meeting :.:. to-morrow of
Capitol Council in Sacramento.
AMERICAN GUILD.
Last Wednesday night San Francisco
Chapter Initiated a candidate, elected
two and had a promise of three applica
tions to be presented at the next meet-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Her Royal Highness
The Princess of Wales.
*»It is well known that the Princess of Wales
received increased strength from Yin Mariani." —
London Court Journal, Jan. 12, 1895.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC for BODY, NERVES
and BRAIN,
For OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over the world.
It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles, Throat and Lung
Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General Debility, Malaria, Wasting
Diseases and La Grippe.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
YIN MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH.
SPECIAL OFFER — To all who write mentioning the San Francisco
I Call we send a book containing portraits and indorsements of HM-
\ PERORS, EMPRESSES, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other
distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
p ar | s 4i Boulevard Haussmann: Loniion— S3 Slortimer Street; Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital i
Ing. The committee on entertainment
announced that it had concluded all ar
rangements for the social evening in
Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building, on
the night of the 11th of March. There will
be a line programme of music, song, ora
tory and dancing. Admission will be by
complimentary tickets, to be obtained
from members of the guild.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
The visit of the members of the San
Francisco Cabinet to Yosemite Council
last Monday night was a pleasant one.
The visitors were welcomed by President
George S. Dodd, after which President
Hastings of the Cabinet responded, and
took occasion to state what the Camnet
is doing and Intending to do in the a -
vancement of the order in this State.
He called attention to the entertainment
to be given in Metropolitan Hall by the
Cabinet on the 11th of May in celebration
of the seventeenth anniversary of the in
stitution of the order. J. E. Field fol
lowed with a description of the work of
the Cabinet In larger jurisdictions, and
short addresses were made by N. R.
Arter, president of Golden Gate Council;
Ed Dillon Jr., J. W. Cuthbert, J. J. Logic,
J. R. McGuftick and Deputy J. N. Bunt
ing. By way of dlvertisement, F. R.
Nugent of Berkeley Council gave an ex
cellent imitation of a freight train pulling
out, and L. L. Miller and a member of
California Council told funny stories.
The patriotic entertainment that was
given last Tuesday night in the Assembly
Hall of the Red Men's building by Golden
Gate Council was one of the greatest
successes ever given by this subordinate,
and the credit of the success is due to
the untiring efforts of A. Sichel, C. F.
Heywood. <J. A. Sehallenberg, Dr. R. L.
Taylor and C. H. Hasty, assisted by Pres
ident N. R. Arter. After an address of
welcome by the president there was pre
sented a very interesting programme of
fourteen numbers, each of which was en
cored. There were also addresses, one
by Senator James E. Field on "Our
Order," which was very interesting.
Those who took part in the programme
of music, song and specialties were: Miss
Ida Remington, H. Todd, Miss S. Bienen
feld, Mai Furst, Professor Graeber's
club, J. M. Semeria, Miss Frieda Gallick,
Claire Faix, Miss S. Costello, the Misses
Bennett, Miss Vera Maers and the Golden
Gate Council quartet. There followed a
programme of ten dances.
At the meeting of 'the San Francisco
Cabinet last Friday President Hastings
presented it witli a handsome set of ban
ners, representing Love, Purity and
Truth, and also a set of officers' badges,
for which he was tendered a vote of
thanks.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
There are at this time in this State 141
courts, with a membership of nearly
13,000. During the year just closed there
has been contributed by the subordinate
courts a little in excess of $181,000 and
there has bi-en paid out nearly $175,000.
The amount of funds in the various courts
amounts in the aggregate to nearly $150,
000. During the past year the amount
paid for medical attendance to members
was nearly $40,000. for sick benefits about
$47,500, for funerals nearly $1U,000.' and as
donations to members in distress nearly
$3000. A pretty good showing for an order
that has for its motto, '•Liberty, Unity,
Charity and Concord."
COMPANIONS OF FOREST, C. O. F.
Bay City Circle will give an anniversary
social in Alcazar Social Hall on the even
ing of the 2d of March.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Emma
Harrington, who recently returned from
a visit in the southern part of the State,
states that the visit to Silver Star Circle
in San Diego was a most enjoyable one
from the fact that the membership has
taken a great interest in the work of the
order and she added that the work of ini
tiation was perfect in every detail.
Last Monday the grand chief companion
paid an official visit to Oakland Circle and
witnessed an exemplification of the work
which was rendered in a very creditable
manner. During the evening the visitor
and Grand Secretary Miss Bremer, who
accompanied her, were each the recipient
of a basket of California violets.
Last Tuesday evening Hamlet Circle of
Alamoda had a most enjoyable entertain
nurit and social in honor of Washington's
birthday.
Last Wednesday evening Inter Nos Cir
cle disposed of routine business in a very
expeditious manner and then held an open,
meeting, at which there was presented a
mixed programme of music, dancing, re
citation and the relating of anecdotes, af
fording pleasant recreation to the many
who filled the hall. During the evening
coffee and cakes were served to the guests
and members.
Last Thursday night San Francisco
Circle received an official visit from the
grand chief companion and other grand
officers, who expressed themselves well
pleased with the work of initiation they
witnessed. During the evening Sub-Chief
Companion Ira W. Coburn presented a
handsomely framed past chief's certifi
cate to Miss Rose Reynolds and Mrs.
Mary Foye. After the close of the clrclo
there was a banquet and a good time un
til midnight.
Excelsior Circle has announced a sheet
and pillow case party for the 30th lnst. In
the Social Hall of the Alcazar, and on
that occasion souvenirs will be give*h.
Pride of Columbia Circle had a pleasant
meeting last Thursday night fn Hibernla
Hall, and after the transaction of the
business there was a social hour, during
which there was song, music and story
telling, and the serving of Icecream and
cakes to all present.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
On the evening of Saturday, the 19th
lnst., the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building was filled with the members and
friends of Minerva Parlor, who had as
sembled to enjoy an entertainment got
up by the committeee of arrangements,
consisting of Hattie Murray (chairman),
Mrs. Blakely, Mrs. Shade. Mrs. Sunder,
Mary Dempsiey, Minnie Sericano, Carrio
Cretgh, Lizzie Rush and Maggie Mar
shall: The features were tableaux, Min
nie Sericano representing Nydia. the blind
flower girl; Miss Hattie Murray repre
senting Faith clinging to the Rock of
Ages, and Mrs. A. H. Blakely appearing
as the Goddess of Liberty in "The Ad
miration of America." In addition there
was vocal music by Professor Foley and
Miss Irene Delaney; instrumental music by
Miss Irving, and a fancy dance by Miss
Bogart. This admirable and enjoyable
programme was followed by dancing un
til midnight, and it was then voted that
Minerva had done well.
Nothing previously given by Las Loma*
Parlor excelled the masquerade given lasc
Tuesday by its members in Mission Par
lor Hail. There were many attractive
costumes, and among these were: Mrs.
M. Tillman as a gypsy fortune-t* Her;
Miss M. Farris as a trained nurse: Miss
J. Moller as Kate Castleton; Mrs. J. H.
Burrington as "The Evening Star." and
she was the star of- the evening: Mrs.
May Edwards as a Russian princess; L.
B. Daggett as an English snob: and J.
W. Cushing as a Spanish cavalier. For
gentlemen the prize for the handsomest
costume was awarded to a ■ gentleman
whose name was not disclosed; for the
most oriKinal Mr. Lampe catin» in as a
winner, and for the best sustained Wil
liam Molh-r. Mrs. Ella Knox won the
prize for the handsomest costume, Mrs.
Theodore Lunsted for the best sustained
character and Mrs. Emma Schofield for
the most original. The committee of ar
rangements was: Mrs. J. 11. Burrington,
Miss Julia Moller. Miss L. Lenhardt. Mis.s
Rosa 8011. Miss Blanche Conlan, Mrs. M.
Edwards and Miss Helen Gimpel. Mrs!
Sadie P. Daggett was the floor manager.
Grand President Mrs. Conrad will visit
Placerville on the sth of March, and tht-n
continue visitations as follows: March
7, Sacramento; March 8. Chico; March
9, Dutch Flat: March 10, Nevada City
March 12, French Corral; March 14*
Grass Valley; March 16, Woodland 1
March 17. Stockton: March 18 Tracy '*
The parlor at Nevada City is at thig*
time very active, as there are Initiation*
at every meeting.
The members of Manzanita Parlor of
rvf as f. i a . lley gave an entertainment on
the 14th inst. that was very successful
as to character and attendance This
parlor is making arrangements to re
ceive the grand president in grand atyla
on the occasion of her official visitRIVERSIDE
HOME OF THE ORANGE
lucky Accident That Transformed it Into
One of the Richest and Most Beautiful
Sections of the South.
RIVETtSIDE is the youngest county
in the State, but not by any
means the least important. The
county was organized some five
years ago out of portions of San
Bernardino and San Diego coun-
ties, since which time its growth
and progress have been phenomenal, and
to-day there Is a steady building up along
all lines which augurs well for the future,
and promises to place the county in the
foremost rank, both as to population and
resources.
The area of the county is about 4,000,000
acres, but a considerable portion of this
territory is a desert waste. This desert
portion lies in the eastern end of the
county, and while of no value for agri
culture or horticulture, it is filled with
valuable mineral deposits, which are be
ing developed and which promise to make
the county as famous for fine mines as
has the western end made it by its match
less oranges and other fruit crops. It is
in the western end of the county where
are found the famous orange groves and
fine farms and orchards from which the
present revenue of the people is secured,
and which have brought the county so
prominently before the eyes of the world.
It Is in the west section that the citrus
and deciduous fruits grow In great abund
ance, and vast fields of grain are to be
found. Riverside County lays claim, and
Justly, to being the greatest orange grow
ing district in the world. Besides the
thousands of acres set out to citrus fruits
there are thousands also set to deciduous
trees, and some prize fruit of this" variety
Is grown. The last assessment report
chows that over 100.000 trees, citrus and
deciduous, -were set out during the year,
■which, on an estimate of 100 trees to the
acre, gives' the planting in that year as
1000 acres, additional, devoted to the fruit
industry. The returns of planting for
this year will not be known before, the
Assessor's report is received, which will
be several weeks yet. but those com
petent to judge put' the acreage devoted
to fruit .at 50 per cent greater than the
record of the previous year.
. The principal sections devoted to the
production of the citrus fruits are River
: Bld>! :: City. Corona, Moreno, "West Riv
erside-and- Highgrove, which places oc
cupy : the immediate valley of the Santa
Ana Kiver. while the parts of the county
- especially devoted to deciduous crops and
• grain grpwing'are the Perris. San Jacinto,
. J2lsinore,- valleys and the Pass country in
and around Banning.
;. The. following reports or summary of
: the:-. Assessor's, books show the amount
i and ; relative . proportion of fruits planted
In.-th"e' : county. .,
'■''■--.•■■: •..'.,," '.■■■ .., " • - Number of trees.
'I ■■'■:■'■''''■' ■ .■ • Bearing. Non-bearing.
.Apple.,,.; : ;. 3.363 6,925
Apricot.-.-. 63,374 151472
Cherry. .:.\..; 3,209 2 047
Fig .-...•»; ."..'.' 4,020 3 398
OU*e .'-.• •" 9,550 118,037
Peach .;:.: 93.640 120.43.*
Pear •..^../ 11.13S 19.54S
Prune' (French) .:.: £.2,597 136 204
Prune (other .kinds), 14.143 13,963
Lemon ......'...-. 32*810 100,962
Grange 452.533 358.199
Almond -.-...; 14.151 2S MS
Walnut" ...... 2,975 , 4.52S
Statistics, also show that the county
planted;' during the past season, 26.119
acres to wheat. 4100 to oats, 46.890 to bar
ley fm) ;ir>mu 3008 acres to alfalfa
Th ■ -.assessed valuation of the county
for the year 1897-98 was $11,275.725, of which
amount $10,414,039 was on city' and county
real estate, and the balance on personal
property and money. . This assessment
. was .somewhat lower than the previous
year, which, with reduction of the tax
rate of the previous year of 5 per cent
made the taxes collected lighter. The tax
levy for the year named was a total of
5204.265 78. . Less than $20,000 of this sum
remains unpaid in the shape of delinquent
taxes, showing that the people are pros
perous enough to meet their obligations
.promptly; The books of the Recorder's
office also show signs of prosperity, for
■while there have been about 500 "mort
gages recorded up to January 1 the num
ber which was canceled in the same time
was 664, a substantial reduction of debt
The mineral resources of the county
hitherto practically undeveloped, have at
tracted widespread attention during the
past year. Hundreds of claims have been
located and tiled upon during that time
and numerous stamp mills have been put
up. Several cyanide plants for the re
duction of ores have been put up also
and are now in operation. Gold, silver',
, tin, coal and other minerals abound, the
NATIVE MASK. NEW IRELAND.
QUEER: MASKS THAT ARE USED IIN VARIOUS SECTIONS OF TOE WORLD
rT-V.I. word •■mask" means a different thing to differ-
I eijt people. The student of history and biography
I •■ - a conception of a mask totally different 1 from
X t. frequenter of the bals masaue of the
I ana Opera, or little Tommy when ne is home for
his holfoays and devotes his intellect to frightening the
cook, N f v W hele,s. an masks have something in com
mon: they are all counterfeit presentments of faces. But
tthfl* the instoiian is interested only in the masks of his
tor.ra: personages, the schoolboy takes a wider and more
catho ;c v.ew. This article will interest primarily the
schcolnoy. If he can succeed in frightening his sisters
and the household generally he will be happy.
ones named being the most prominent.
The mountains are rich in mineral and
the great desert country will in time be
one vast mining camp. ,
In the matter of rairoads the county is
well supplied. There are the Santa Fe
and Southern Pacific linos, which, besides
their main lines, have feeder lines run
ning in all directions, tapping the rich
valleys and bringing the crops of the
county close to the consumer in every
instance. ...
The county is also one of irrigating
canals and they are not of the boom
kind, either, for running in them at all
times of the year are full heads of water,
which is used to make the plains to blos
som as the lose and the fields return val
uable crops.
This county also boasts of Its matchless
climate and here it is that hundreds come
each year to regain their health in the
Invigorating atmosphere, never too cold,
and with the heat of the summer tem
pered by the coast breezes, which blow
off the ocean only forty miles to the west.
The elevation of the settled portion of
the county varies, or rather ranges from
600 to 1500 feet above sea level, fogs are
seldom experienced and rains are . not
heavy and never of long duration, so that
the combination is one that commends
itself to those who seek health and pleas
ure.
The county has no public debt, but on
the other hand has a surplus in the
county treasury of $150,000. which will be
utilized the coming year very probably in
lowering the tax rate as well as the con
struction of public buildings. Good county
roads, bridges and such similar improve-
ments are owned by the county, and they
makp travel over them a pleasure.'
Besides fruit raising and mining, this
county produces quite a quantity of stock,
honey and lumber, while the granite quar
ries and lime kilns add materially both
to the industry and wealth. The popu
lation is about 17,000 and constantly grow
ing. During the past year there has been
a veritable boom in building operations,
and hundreds of homes were added to the
list in that time.
In short, there is in this county every
resource to make of it a foremost part
of the State, and everything needed to
provide thousands of families with com
fortable and profitable homes.
The past two years have witnessed a re
markable growth all over the county, and
one cannot go anywhere, almost, without
encountering neat homes and well culti
vated tracts, mostly in size ranging from
ten to forty acres each, for this is a
county of sirmll ranches and orchards.
During the present winter there has been
a large number of families who have
come in from the East, all with the in
tention of becoming permanent settlers,
and it is probable that the next census
will show the county to possess fully
25,000 population.
The city of Riverside is twenty-eight
years old, and it is a Question if one
could find anywhere a city of the same
prominence, wealth and beauty, that has
been built up in the same length of time,
or even, for that matter, in twice the
period. The success of the settlement has
doubtless had much to do with the pres
ent great standing of the southern part
of the State, for the reason that previous
to the demonstration here that this part
of the country was well suited to the
growth and perfection of the orange there
was little to induce the home-seeker to
locate. There was a good climate, of
course, but one cannot subsist on climate
alone, and there must be some profitable
industry upon which to base the founda
tion of cities and hnm«s, and it was the
pioneers of Riverside that first biased
the way and showed to a waiting
people that the land of the coyote,
the horned toad and ant was of
some practical value, if only opera
tions were guided with wisdom and all
energies directed in the proper channel.
It was away back in. the 70s that a few
hardy pioneers, headed by John G. North,
Dr. Shugart and others, arrived on the
site where this city now stands, and after
an examination of the soil and facilities
for water, concluded to pitch their tents,
as it were, and begin to lay for. them
selves and families the foundation of
new homes. Water was the first requi
site to success, for it was evident at first
MASK USED BY DEVIL-DANCERS, CEYLON.
There i-s the prosy scientific theory of the "origin" of
masks, which nobody knows, consequently it is quite
safe to write yards on this subject. Some people have
thought that the object of the mask was, not to frighten
the cook, but to illustrate the Buddhist theory of "Met
empsychosis," which Is a fine word.
Here for instance, is & splendid one (No. 2). It Is the
mask iiKc-d by the devil dancers of Ceylon, and Is to be
particularly recommended in the case of very pious old
maiden aunts. This mask is supposed to be the" portrait
of a devil named Calloo-Coomare; he is a Ceylon devil,
and ought to be a very exciting person to meet on a
quiet, dull Sunday afternoon. It is painful to have to re
eon] ihat the Cingalese, instead of "abjuring the devil
and ail his works.' T as they ought, actually worship Cal
loo-Coomare, If anybody is m, the priests of th« devil,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
that without water it would be impossi
ble to produce any kind of crops, so
canals were projected, and after many
discouraging trials finally completed.
Thou came a long series of experiments
In crops, In an endeavor to find out which
crop would do the best and be the most
profitable. The land, in character, was
new to these people, and they did not
understand it. They found a great .mesa
spread out before them, dry and burning
In the sun's rays, and whether it was of
any value was a Question that would
take much experimenting as well as dis
appointing delays to determine.
Where the city of Riverside and its
32,000 acres of matchless orange groves
now startd, was then a barren plain upon
which sparse sagebrush and cacti grew
with difficulty, if one was to judge from
the very stunted appearance of the
growth.
Undaunted, however, by the seemingly
Insurmountable trials and numerous fail
ures, those same sturdy pioneers stuck
by their self-appointed task and the
present Riverside, with its miles upon
miles of orange groves, acre upon acre
of verdant alfalfa fields, numbers of neat
and modern homes, thrifty city and well
regulated drives, and $5,000,000 worth of
property, is the result of their pioneer
efforts and intelligent work in the few
years since the first house was built.
Several crops were tried by the earlier
settlers, and no success came until some
one hit upon the fact that this was the
true home of the orange, and that the
tree and fruit could and would grow
here In such a manner as to make its
cultivation not only a pleasure, but a
profit as .well. At first a few trees were
set out as ornaments, and these ■ soon
showed that there was more In the busi
ness of growing oranges for profit hero
than the use of the trees for ornamental
purposes, and from that time dated the
upward progress and success of River
side.
Not only did Riverside demonstrate to
the world that here was the place to '
grow good oranges, but here it was that
the world-famous Washington navel, or
seedless orange, was first grown In this
country, and to-day the crop of this
variety sent to the market is in the neigh
borhood of 2000 carloads annually.
From the time that it was shown that
the orange could be profitably grown the
settlement took on a healthy growth, and
so it has continued until now there Is a
settlement of 8000 people, with the num
ber increasing at a very rapid rate, es
pecially in the last year or so.
The name Riverside is coupled with that
of high grade oranges, so that either
words stands, in fact, for the name of
the place, and will continue to stand to
gether, for while other sections are pro
ducing good fruit none have as yet sur
passed the mother colony. Riverside Is
now and has always been the banner sec
tion for producing oranges. The ship
ments last year were 2500 carloads and
this season the shipments will reach the
4000 carload mark to a cartalnty, with a
probability that this figure wiil be passed.
Fully one-third of the orange crop
grown in the State this year will be sent
to market from here. The value of this
crop will reach considerably beyond |2,
000,000.
The orange crop is not the only pro
duction for which the settlement or col
ony is famed, for there is a large pro
duction of lemons, as well as berries of
all kinds. Then there is the deciduous
fruit, which is also Quite a product,
though not considered to any great ex
tent as a regular business.
It is upon the orange that the city
stakes its reputation, and to show the
excellence of the fruit grown, it may be
stated that a.t the New Orleans World's
Fair the three gold medals for citrus
fruit 3 were awarded to Riverside growers
in competition with the world. Again at
the late World's Fair, held at Chicago,
Riverside was awarded the first prize for
the finest county citrus exhibit, and in
the California State citrus fairs of sev
eral seasons past this city has captured
about all the first prizes, both for in
dividual and county exhibits, thus demon
strating the undoubted fact that her
fruits lead. »
MASK OF TORTOISE SHELL, TORRES STRAITS.
Riverside City is the county seat of
Riverside County, it is forty-five miles in
a northeast direction from the Pacific
Ocean, and is about sixty miles east of
Los Angeles, and can be reached on either
the Southern Pacific or Santa Fe rail
roads from that city, or the East. The
city has a fine and sightly location on
the banks of the Santa Ana River, and
the site chosen is one of great natural
beauty, as well as being well adapted to
the location of what the city in time will
prove to be— one of large size. The found
ers of the city who laid it out wisely
chose a site that would accommodate
their plans for a city of homes. In 1883
the then quite good-sized town was in
corporated as a city, having at the time
a population of about 2500, and an as
sessed valuation of $1,000,000. The city
trebled its population in the next ten
years, and the assessed valuation was in
creased in the same period to over $6,000,
000. In 1593 the city was made the county
seat of the new county of Riverside.
A recent writer in a pamphlet gotten
out by the local Chamber of Commerce
aptly hits the mark when he states there
are few. if any. more beautiful cities of
its size in the world.
Though the public buildings and private
residences are of superior construction,
it Is not to them that Riverside owes her
prominence. Rather is it her miles of
beautiful avenues and streets, tree-lined
and flower-bordered and sprinkled daily so
as to make. 'driving a pleasure, that have
secured for Riverside the reputation of
being one of the most charming cities of
the Pacific Coast. •
Besides its ninny attractions as a place
of sojourn for Visitors and as a home for
the resident. Riverside is a business cen
ter of distribution and supply for a large
and fertile back country, r.e that is rap
idly filling up with population.
Riverside as a city is possessed of push
and enterprise and it is not alone the pri
vate individual who has contributed to
the growth and beauty, for the dtiaens as
well as the officers of the city, have unit
ed in public enterprises which place the
city in the front rank as a modern one.
There is probably no city of its size in
this or any other State which has a bet
ter municipal lighting system. This sys
NATIVE MASK, TORRES STRAITS.
wearing his mask, which is made of wood, painted in va
rious colors, and has a tusk sticking out of each side of
a horribly grinning mouth— the devil always grins— two
disks at each side, and three cobra capellas on the top
come and perform the devils own dance. An altar decor
ated with garlands, is erected, and the Facriflce, usually
a cock, is offered on it, together with rice and all the
proper inrredients.
We come now to a series of pantomime heads No 5
for instance is supposed to lepresent a lish. The rude,
untutored savage has engraved a pattern on it inlaid it
with white enamel. Aspinal's for preference, and dec
orated it With cassowary feathers. It is made of tortoise
shell, and is five feet long. This is guaranteed to frighten
anybody, from fathers downward, at fifty paces The
same may be said of No. 3. This is also of tortoise shell,
tem has just been put in at a cost of $100,
000. Miles upon miles of streets are lighted
and the system also supplies about 4000 in
candescent lights to private parties, while
power Is sold to several mills and manu
facturing establishments. The city has
one of the most complete sanitary sewer
systems to be found anywhere, and all
the business portion as well as a large
share of the residence part of the place is
witin the sewer district.
The domestic water supply is a very
complete as well as ample one. The water
is artesian, and is brought from near
Mound City, fourteen miles distant, in a
large underground pipe system. The wa
ter is under heavy pressure and no purer
supply is to be found in the State. The
system has a capacity sufficient to meet
the wants of the city for a great many
years to come.
A couple of years ago the city authori
ties submitted the question of issuing
$150,000 worth of bonds to improve the
streets to a vote of the people, and the
money was voted by a large majority.
With these funds ths Trustees have
paved and macadamized several miles of
streets. All the main business streets
have been asphalted and the main drives,
among them the famous Magnolia ave
nue, have "been macadamized. Miles of
curbing and sidewalk work has also add
ed to the beauty of the city.
The magnificent water system of the
water company from which the water for
irrigation is taken is probably the great
est attraction the city has, however, for
the man who contemplates investing. This
system, with its inexhaustible supply of
water, has nearly fifty miles of main can
als and fully 200 miles of distributing
laterals and pipe lines.
The average amount of water run in
the canals is not far from 4000 miners'
inches. In addition to this system there
is the Gage canal system, which supplies
water to the Arlington Heights and
Highgrove tracts. These are. the newer
settled tracts of land east of the old part
of the city, and comprise 12.000 acres of
land, and the system has an inexhaust
ible water supply.
In the past year there have been seven
new packing houses built at a cost of
$25,000, which brings the total of that class
of houses up to eighteen in the city, all of
which are busy at the present time In
handling the orange crop.
During the year just closed there has
been building improvements, including the
above packing houses, put up in the city
amounting in value to fully a hundred
thousand dollars, and the good work is ;
still on, for the Southern Pacific Com- ,
pany has just laid the foundation for a ;
$6000 passenger depot, and the first work :
on the foundation of the new Hotel Glen
wood, which is to cost $100,000, and to be
one of the finest hostelries in the State,
has been done and the contracts. for fur
ther work on the buildinjr will be opened
shortly. Other notable as well as costly !
improvements made this season have been
the new line of track laid by the Southern
Pacific Company In the suburbs of the
city. This work cost several thousands
of 'dollars. The Santa Fe Company also
expended, considerable good money in im
provements. They have practically re
built their passenger and freight depots
and relaid all their track within the city
with heavier rails and ties.
As an indication of the financial stand-
Ing of the city the last year's assess
ment figures are appended: Real estate,
$1 536,370; improvements, $705,345; city and
town lots, $1,160,700; improvements, $809,
4.'io; personal property, $582,555; money,
•$10,020; total. $4,804,420. The tax rate for
all city purposes, including interest on
bonds ami sinking fund provision, was 95
cents on the $100, and the amount of
MASK OF TORTOISE SHELL, JERVIS ISLAND.
and 1* supposed to represent a crocodile's head. It la
decorated with cassowary feathers and nuts. It is all
nuts to the schoolboy.
But No. 6 represents a really Ingenious piece of ugli
ness. Not unlike a Polish Jew in appearance and style,
it is made of black painted wood attached to a cylin
drical frame made of coarse stuff or cloth woven across
slender stems of wood and stiffened by a piece of brown
bast inside. From the lower part depends a cord net
work, with lone black fowl feathers attached, which
covers the body. The hair and whiskers are made of
coarse frizzled human hair, and the beard of plaited
round cords of the same. This mask comes fronv New
Caledonia, and with the addition of a hump it would do
very well for Punch. There is this advantage about it.
that the wearer for the timo be has it on is "taboo," and
money raised by taxes last year was $45,
64199. The bonded debt of the city is
about $125,000. The tax levy of last year
was all collected, with the exception of a
couple of hundred dollars.
The city has eight school houses, which
cost in the aggregate fully $150,000. One
of these the High School building;,
is a handsome brick structure three sto
ries high and cost about $75,000. Thirty
flve teachers are constantly employed in
the schools and something like 2000 pupils
are enjoying the advantages offered by
the schools for obtaining an education.
Riverside is proud of its schools, which
it maintains at the highest standard.
Professor P. L. Lord is principal and Miss
Eugenic Fuller is assistant, both being
educators of established ability and rec
ognized reputations. The High School has
about 200 pupils and a corps of teachers
for the various branches which are usu
ally taught in such schools. The school
provides for a four-year course in Eng
lish, Latin, history, mathematics, science-,
in short, fits the pupils for entry into the
universities of the State. During the past
few years this school has graduated a
large number of pupils, many of whom
have reflected great credit both on their
high school and city, when they entered
the university. A fully equipped kinder
garten school is also run in connection
with the public schools and its cost is
paid out of the school funds.
A ten months' term of school is main
tained each year in all the departments.
During the past year the growth or in
crease of school children has been so
great that a new schoolhouse had to be
built, and the trustees provided one at a
cost of $6000. This has four rooms, all of
which are fully occupied. This increase
of school children is one of the best evi
dences of the rapid growth of the city.
Good schools make good men and women,
and Riverside Is bound to have the best
of both, no matter what it costs. The
excellence of the school system has been
the means of inducing many a home
seeker to locate here.
There axe sixteen churches in the city,
and nearly every denomination is rep
resented. The church membership Is
about 3000 and about $150,000 Is invested in
church property. The Young Men's
Christian Association has an active so
ciety here of several hundred members
and a fine building, which cost $25,000 and
which the «oclety has about free of debt.
Like all well-regulated American cities
Riverside has representative lodges of
about all the leading Becret orders, and
most of them have large and active mem
berships. The Masonic fraternity is rep
resented by a big lodge and the Odd Fel
lows also have a fine big: lodge. This so
ciety also owns its own hall, which is a
substantial three-story brick structure
which cost $25,000. There are large lodges
of Knights of Pythias, Maccabees, Wood
men, Workmen, Foresters, etc., and the
various leading secret orders for women
are also represented by active lodges.
A public library containing over 8000
volumes is one of the institutions of the
city that its people point to with pride.
There is also a fine modern opera-house,
with a seating capacity of 1500. The build
ing in which it is located cost» between
$50,000 and $100,000 and is one of the finest
in the city.
The newspapers of the city, of which
there are three or four, are as well edited
as any that can be found anywhere in
a city of this size. They are the Daily
Press, Republican in politics and the
property of an incorporated company
(the same company conducts the Press
and Horticulturist, a weekly publication);
then there is the Daily Enterprise, Demo
cratic in politics and the property of M.
R. Plaisted. He also conducts a weekly
paper. All the publishers have type-set
ting machines, which goes to show that
they are up to date.
The hotels of the city are the Glenwood
Hollyrood and Rowell, the latter being
temporarily closed. At the present time
the hotels are full of guests. Besides the
hotels the city contains and supports sev
eral restaurants.
In the matter of railroad facilities this
city is well supplied, for it is on the main
line of the Fanta Fe from the east to San
Diego, and the Southern Pacific Company
has its hne built Into the city and is se
curing right of way for the extension ■ f
the Hne to a connection with the com
pany's old line at Pomona, after which
It is the purpose of the company to rim
MASK FROM NEW CALEDONIA.
can hit anybody he likes without being hit in return.
There is considerable doubt, however, in our mind wheth
er similar privileges would be extended to the wearer of
such a mask in this tyrannical country.
No. 1 is what we are tempted to call a hlgh-falutm*
mask. At all events, it measures from "head to foot"
something* over five feet. We have two views of it; the
first is a full-face, the second a profile. The mask proper
consists of colored wood- the beak of a bird points down
ward from directly under and in a perpendicular 11ns
with, the nose. But perhaps the most striking part la
the superstructure, which is nearly twice as high as the
face itself. A melanjre of carved birds ttnd snakes, of
multicolored feathers and bones, supports a native lady,
caught half way round a somersault, and tied there for
ever.
all through trains through the city. Sev
eral trains a day run between the citY
and San Bernardino, Colton; Redlands,
I.os Angeles, San Diego and Santa Ana.
In fact, one can find a train for almost
any of the places named every hour In
the day. The city has about twenty miles
of street car lines, which at the rresent
are operated by mule power, but arrange
ments are under way to utilize electricity.
The busy season In the city is from De
cember 1 to July, when the fruit crop is
being moved east to market. During tno
months in the time named several hun
dred men find employment in the packing
houses and oranpe groves, and at the
present time this line of industry is qul.e
lively, for it takes a large number or
hanris to pick, pack and prepare for mar
ket thirty-five carloads of oranges a day.
The wages paid in this work varies con
siderably according to the expertne^s of
the operator. Pickers are paid mostly by
the box and good hands make from 51 v
to $2 50 a day. Packing is all done by the
box and the average wages of packers
who are mostly wimen, is $2 50 a day
Box making is another big branch of tne
imtlness. The makers aro paid So cent;
per hundred boxes and experts make goof
wages at that figure. Ordinary hands
around the packing houses, men who do
the loading, are paid about *2 a day.
Among the more important manufactur
ing establishments in the city are a
creamery of largo capacity, an iron foun
dry, machine works, a fertilizer works
planing mill, tannery and grist mill. Be
sides thefe. all kinds of trade are repre
sented by large establishments.
An active Chamber of Commerce is one
of the institutions of the city and since its
leorganlzatlon some months ago It has
done a great deal of good work in pre
senting the advantages of the city and
county to those who sought such informa
tion. The chamber has well appointee
rooms devoted to exhibits of the products
of the city and country, among which aro
oranges, lemons, pomelos (or grape fruit
as generally called), a great variety
of deciduous fruits, all the different ktmla
of dried fruits, grapes, honey and many
other products, every one of which Is
grown in the county. This exhibit give*
the visitor a fine Idea of tha magnificent
lesources of the county, showing how di
versified are its products and the excel
lence of them.
Every reader of this article will b« In
terested In knowing something about tha
cost of land and property in this city-
Unimproved lands sell for from 175 to
$500 an acre, according to location and
water right, for be it remembered that
water is everything here. Land without
water is of little value, and where there
is a fine level piece of land with ample
water supply the buyer will have to put
up close to the highest figure above
named. Lower lands, which are not so
suitable for citrus crops, range far lower
in price, but the best is the cheapest, if
one contemplates growing oranges or
lemons. Growing orchards sell from $500)
to $3000 an acre. The choicest come high,
but are cheapest In the end. Toung and
unbearing orchards can be bought quite
reasonable, but there is a loss of time
before they bear, which means that in
terest costs bring up the price in the
end. A good bearing grove in a good
frostless locality can be bought for $1500
an acre, and It is cheap at that price,
when it is remembered that such or
chards produce valuable crops each year.
The visitor to this city is not met at
every turn with unsightly kept, places or
streets. Every one. including the authori
ties, vies with each other in keeping hi*
premises in the neatest condition possible..
and this is one of the conditions which
has brought many a settler here. The
streets are hand swept every day, and
all gardens and orchard lands are kept
free of objectionable weeds, so that
the resident, as well as the visitor, can
not help but admire the surroundings.
Riverside has two banks, which take
care of the funds of the people. These
have a paid-up capital of over $200,000.
and deposits amount to over $1,000,000. A
well equipped fire department keeps the
insurance rates at a low standard, and
a paid police department, under charge
of a City Marshal, looks after the peace.
The city is one of the sixth class and
is governed by a board of five Trustees,
a City Clerk. Marshal, Treasurer, Re
corder. Attorney and Health Officer. The
Trustees are E. F. Kingman (president),
J. A. Simms. Bradford Morse, S. La Rue
and H. W. Bordwell. The other officers
are Marshal F. P. Wilson, Clerk W. W.
Phelps, Recorder J. C. Chambers, Attor
ney W. A. Purington, Treasurer M. S.
Bowman and Health Officer Dr. W. S.
Ruby. There are no saloons In the city
and none are allowed to do business, &■
a prohibition ordinance governs.
Arlington Heights, which is the prin
cipal suburb of the city, contains 6000
acres of watered lands, which He between
the upper canal of the Riverside Water
Company and the foothills. Of this area
about half has been planted to oranges
and lemons. The water for this tract is
obtained from the Gage canal system
mentioned above. This water supply is
obtained partly from the Santa Ana River
and partly from a remarkable system of
artesian "wells. Through the center of
Arlington Heights for a distance of six
miles runs Victoria avenue, that beautl
fri cl'-'i-e w^'ch for a lone distance paral
lels Magnolia avenue. What the latter
is to Hiverside city proper Victoria ave
nue is to Arlington Heights. The groves
on this tract are all young, but no finer
can be found anywhere, and the English
company which improved the tract has
sold a considerable amount of it, and the
purchasers have built fine residences,
which, dotted here and there among the
vast field of trees, give the tract a beau
tiful appearance.
J. E. SHIELDS.
MASK FROM NEW IRELAND.
2930
VICTIMS OF THE
SOUTHEASTER
The Steamer Arcata Had
a Hard Time of It Off
Mendocino.
Some of the Puget Sound Fleet
Have Not Yet Put in an
Appearance.
Alaska Steamers Are All Bell in
Time and a New Timetable
Is Necessary.
South-bound steamers have been
having a terrible time of It in the j
storm that has been raging off the j
coast cf Oregon during the last few |
days. The steamer Arcata was twen- j
ty-four hours late in getting in from |
Coos Bay, and the crew say It was one j
of the roughest trips they have made '
for a year. Last Wednesday night they j
went asleep with the vessel off Cape
Mendocino, and when they woke up in
the morning the steamer hadn't made a
mile. All she could do was barely hold
her own against the howling southeast
er. Everything was flooded, and the j
cooks and stewards had a very lively j
time of it supp'ying the passengers with !
meals.
The steamer Santa Cruz left Seattle
last Sunday at 9:30 a. m., and has not
yet put in an appearance, while the
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES
Emmanuel Baptist. Twenty-third and
Bartlett street
••^V^^a,^ •:)•»» . • :
Rev. J. G. Gibson
Morning— "Whose End la
Evening— "Afterward."
Destruction."
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones
Rev. E. A. Woods
Morning— "The Power of the Unseen."
Evening— "Do You Believe In Fate?"
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
near Stelner
Rev. W. C.
Morning— Sunday school. Evening— "Cities
of Refuge." Baptism will be administered.
i
Scott and Eddy streets
Fa t her MacGI n ty
jMornlng— Epistle and Gospel.
| Benediction.
Evening —
Notre Dame des Vlctolres. £26 Bush street.
Marlst Fathers
Morning— "Forty Hours' Devotion." Even-
Ing— Benediction of the Blessed Sacra-
ment.
Our Lady of Guartalupe, Broadway, near
Mason street
Father St. Andrew
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
Benediction and rosary.
Catholic Sailors' Union, Mission street,
near Front
Paullst Fathers
Evening — Sermon on Lent.
St. Boniface, Jones street and Golden
Gate avenue
Franciscan Fathers
Morning— First Sunday §t Lent. Evening —
Rosary.
St. Brlgid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way .-
Father Cot tie
Morning— Sermon on Lent.
pers.
Evening— Ves-
St. Dominic's, Stelner and Bush streets..
Dominican Fathers
Morning— Sermon by Father Murphy. Even-
in*?— "The Evidences of the Revealed Re-
ligion."
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Mont-
gomery avenue
Father Carraher
Morning— The members of the Gentlemen's
Soladttywlll receive Communion In a body.
Evening— Sermon by Father Heslln.
St. Ignatius, Hayes street and Van Ness
tvenue
Jesuit Fathers
Morning— Sermon by Father Burkard.
Evening— "The Shortcomings of Altru-
ism."
|
St. James, Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.
Father Lynch
Mnrnlng — Gospel of the day.
Benediction.
Evening —
St. Mary's, California and Dupont streets.
Paullst Fathers '.
Morning— Sermon by Father Younan, "The
Graces of the Mission." Evening— "The
Value of the Soul."
•
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue
and O'Farrell street '.
Father Prendergast
, .
Morning— Sermon by Father Dempsey. 3
p. m. — Sermon by the Archbishop to the
Calvarian Society, "Watchers With
Christ. " Evening— Sermon by Father
Hannlgan.
St. Patrick, Third and Mission streets
Father Kane
Morning— Epistle and Gospel.
Benedictiop.
Evening—
First Christian, Twelfth St., near Market.
Rev. F. S. Ford IMorning — "Character." Evening — "Obe-
| dlence."
West Side Christian Church. Bush street,
between Scott and Devlsadero
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Morning— "Hindrances." Evening— "Chris-
tianity Reasonable Rather Than Authori-
tative."
itional. Bartlett street,
h
Rev. W. C. Pond
h anniversary of the
"A Reminiscent Ser-
vice."
Congregational, Post and Mason sts.
Rev. G. C.
Morning— Rev. L. H. Halleck. pastor of
Mills College, will speak in exchange with
the pastor. Evening— "Alone With God."
• .
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
streets
Rev. H. T. Shephard
Morning— "Municipal Ownership of Street
Railways." Evening— "The Christian
Thirsting. "
Plymouth Congregational. Post street, near
Webster i
Rev. F. B. Cherington
Morning — "The Greatest of These Is Love."
Evening— "As the Sowing so the Reap-
ing."
Richmond Congregational Church. Seventh
avenue and Clement street
the Hoi
acter."
Relation of the Sunday School to
." Evening— "Firmness of Char-
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street,
near Mission ..-
Rev. William Rader.
Morning— "What Is Religion?" Evening —
"The Successors to Ingersoll In the Field
Against Christianity."
Church of the Advent. ■ Eleventh street,
near Market
Rev. Mr. Emery
Morning— Song service.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay st. .
Holy Catholic
Interpreter of
»r. Evening— "The
the Only Infallible
St. Paul's, California street, near Stelner..
Rev. W. M. Reilley
Morning— "Reppntance a Lenten Duty."
Evening — "The Sermon on the Mount."
Trinity Church, Bush and Gough streets..
Rev. H. E. Cooke
Morning— Holy Communion.
Lenten services.
First English Lutheran. Geary street, neai
Gough
Rev. E. Nelander
Morning— "The Use and Abuse of the
Lenten Season." Evening— "The Kenosis."
Bethel African M. E., Powell street, near
Jackson
Rev. W. B. Anderson
Morning— "The Principal Thing." Even-
ing— "All Things Work Together for
Good."
California Street Church. California and
Broderick streets
Rev. J. W. Fhelps '.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
Ing— Preaching by H. Pearce.
Even-
Central Methodist. Mission street, near
Sixth
Rev. C. R. Locke
Morning— "Sermon by Rev. W. M. Wood-
ward. Evening — Sermon by Rev. J. P.
Phelps.
Epworth M. E.. Church and Twenty-
sixth streets
Rev. W. M. Woodward
clock— Sunrise prayer meeting,
raise service.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. Fifteenth av«-l
nue south and P street !
Rev. H. Pearce
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
First M. E., Powell St.. near Washington..
Rev. W. S. Urmy
Morning, 10 o'clock — Class meeting. Even-
Ing, 6 o'clock— Epworth meeting.
Grace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Kev. J. N. Beard
Morning— "Pulpit and Pew.'
"The Christian Life."
Evening-
Street M. E., Howard street, near
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson :
■ ■ _
lornlng— Rev. C. T. Wilson, of Pasadena,
son of the pastor, will preach. Evening-
Sermon by Rev. C. T. Wilson.
Japanese M. E.. 1329 Pine street
Mary M. Bowen. Evangelist
Bervlce.
Potrero M. E.. Tenneisee and Solsno st»..
Rev. D. W. Chllson
Morning— "Instead of the Thorn the Fir
Tree." Evening— "Duty."
Richmond M. E., Fifth avenue, near Point!
Loboa avenue ■.}
Rev. A. Anderson... :
7:30— Services by A. H. Norton.
Simpson Memorial, ' Hayes anil , Buchanan! ■ Rev. J. Stephens.' ..'........'....'.....
streets .;.....»,. — .....; :...) ■ .-: '
lEvenlng— Memorial services In honor of
! Miss Frances E. Wlllard.
Trinity Church, Sixteenth. Market and
Noe streets
ltev. K. W, Peck
Morning-Preaching by Rev. C. H Yate-
man of New York. Evening— Praise ser-
vice
Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
Rev J. Heniphlll .■
i Evening— "The Secret of Life Self Reveal-
I ing."
. ,
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street
First Presbyterian. Van 'Ness avenue and Rev. R. Mackenzie
Sacramento street
the pastor. Evening—
. H. Jenks.
Sermon
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and Baker »t».. Rev. F. R. Farrand
' i
Morning — "Well Doing."
Shall Be No Longer.'"
Evening— "Time
. Westminster Presbyterian", Pace and Web-
'. ster «tre«»t!i ....;........ ".. ;.
First Unitarian. Oenry. and Franklin sts..
n*v. S: S. Pryor
"The Great Harvest." Evening—
the City of the Dying Church."
Rev. II. Stebhins
Morning — All cordially Invited.
Second Unitarian, Twenty-first and Capp !
streets !
Rev. A. J. Wells...-.
Morning— "Faith in the goodness of God."
Evening— "Evening of Song."
Bu«h Street Temple, Bush and Lacuna sts '
Rabbi Myers , ,
"The Trinity of Jewish Sanctu-
arles.'
Church of Christ. Scientist, 223 Sut
itr'-et
-Bible and Science and Health wlthiMornlng— "The Woe of Rejecting, the Joy
ey to th* Scriptures I of Receiving Truth."
T. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets
Rev.- D. James ,
p. m.— "True Courage."
Salvation Army. USJ Market street
Major Keppell......
Morning and evening— General Booth in
Oakland.
mail steamer Walla Walla is also be
hind time. The Santa Cruz is loaded
with coal and general merchandise, and
the chances are that Captain Olsen,
finding his vessel unable to make any
headway, hove her to under whatever
little canvas she could carry and waited
for the storm to blow itself out. She
has no passengers on board, and. has
been used as a freight boat between
here and the Sound since the rush to
Dyea and Skaguay began.
The storms wViich have raged in Alas
kan waters have thrown the schedule
of the Pacific Coast Steamship Compa
ny into great disorder. The vessels
have been all delayed by stress of
weather, and until a new time table can
be arranged they will leave as follows:
The Walla Wala, sailing from San
Francisco March 2, will connect at Se
attle with the Queen, leaving on the
sth. and the Al-Ki on the 7th. The
Umatilla, leaving here on the 7th. will
connect with the Victorian, leaving Se
attle on the 10th, the Cottage City on
the 11th and the Australia on the 14th.
After those trips the vessels will run on
a new schedule which is now being pre
pared.
Oscar Speight, the well-known trans
fer man at the ferries, is in mourning
for the loss of his pet Scotch terrier.
Oscar was sick for a couple of days
last week, and left his pet In care of
the man in charge of the turn- table at
the foot of Market street. While the
animal was playing around with him it
got in the way of one of the cars and
had its hind feet cut off. Officer Dowd
and two- or three others who are always
around the ferries tried to save the ani
mal's life, but when mortification set in
they put a rope around the dog's neck,
tied a stone to the rope and threw it
overboard. When Oscar returned to
work all that was left of his pet was
the collar.
Officer Bean of the Harbor police ar
rested Gus Williams on the charge of
grand larceny yesterday. Williams and
Mick Kennedy, both ex-convicts, stole
$50 worth of lead pipe from the Risdon
Iron Works. When they were chased
they dropped their plunder and made
their escape. Kennedy was arrested
last Friday, and when Officer Bean saw
Williams yesterday he locked him up
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
in the Harbor Police Station on the
grand larceny charge.
The bark Oregon has been outside
since last Friday and cannot make port.
She is from Newcastle, N. S. W., and
Friday night was fourteen miles off.
She beat backward and forward yes
terday and could not get in, and as her
captain will not take a tow the chances
are that it will be some time to-day be
fore she reaches port.
CLARKE WINS A BIG SUIT.
Judge Hebbard Gives Judgment
Against the Heirs of D. M.
Reavis for a Fortune.
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard rendered Judg
ment on Friday for $125,165 65 in favor of
C. W. Clarke against Ann E., J. J., M. A.
and D. M. Reavis and Frederick Holt,
administrator of the estate of Nellie B.
Holt. An additional judgment of $23,
288 25 was given on a number of promis
sory notes, together with interest. The
action In which the Judgment was given
was Instigated June 8, 1896, and Involved
the right to certain insurance policies on
the life of D. M. Reavis, who died In
May, 1887. In August of the same year
Clarke collected $35,000, the amount of
three policies, and paid to D. M. Reavis
Jr. $2500, to which he was entitled. As
the elder Reavis in life had many busi
ness dealings with Clarke he became in
debted to him in the Bum of $75,000. For
security for this fortune advanced Reavis
assigned to Clarke the insurance poli
cies mentioned and advanced notes for
the balance. By September, 18S7, the $75,
000 indebtedness had grown to $81,703 32
and owing to subsequent amounts ad
vanced Reavis and his wife made a new
note to cover the entire amount of their
Indebtedness to Clarke. Subsequently
the amount of the indebtedness grew to
the amount of the judgment and suit
was brought to compel its payment and
Judge Hebbard held that the claim of
the plaintiff was a Just one and ordered
that Judgment be entered as prayed for.
Judge Davis Will Try the Case.
Judge E. A. Davis of the Superior
Court of Tuba and Sutter counties will
hear the case of the Evening Post Pub
lishing Company against the Associated
Press on March 12. Judge Davis, on ap
plication of the litigants, was appointed
by Governor Budd to hear the case, and
he will hold court in this city.
LIKE A DUMB, DRIVEN BRUTE.
An Italian's Mode of Disciplining a Disobedi
ent Daughter.
The arrest of Theresa Servent and her appearance before the Insanity
Commissioners yesterday has brought out a pitiful story of a girl's suffering
and a father's brutality.
Theresa Servent Is not Insane. It doesn't take an Insanity Commission to
decide that. She has been discharged from the Receiving Hospital, where
she had been detained, for there is not a trace of brain sickness about her.
11l bodily she has been and still Is. And that illness had robbed her of
appetite and made her disinclined to talk.
There's a woman who lives next door to the Servents out at North Beach
who has all the tender forbearance, all the merciful sympathy of an
Apache. She watched sorrowful, black-eyed Theresa grow more and more
listless daily. The girl was like a dumb animal In her suffering. She longed
only to creep away, to be let alone. It occurred to the woman, who spent
most of her time at the Servents' house, that it would be an exquisite joke
to tease and torment Theresa. So sh« prodded and pricked and goaded the
sick girl. Why didn't she talk? Why didn't she eat? Why wasn't she like
other girls? " 'it's a nice sister you've got,' she said to me,'* Theresa's
brother remarked, indignantly, "and the room was full o' people. 'She can't
talk; she can't eat. Better send her to Napa. She crazy.' "
Every taunt, every prick of crude Italian ridicule made the girl draw
more closely Into herself. Her mother was dead; her father under the In
fluence of the family's evil genius. If Theresa had been reticent, sad, timid
before, she became utterly mute now. Her head and her heart ached. An
animal would have seen her misery, and at least permitted her to suffer in
silence. But to this Italian woman the sport of persecution had become
precious. If Theresa stirred under the lash of her tormentor's vicious^
tongue It was an encouraging sign that blood had been drawn. If the girl
crouched in dumb misery, striving to be deaf and blind to the presence of the
unfeeling Italian shrew all the more necessity for perseverance.
For months Theresa endured this petty torture, her mental skin pierced
with numberless tiny, poisonous darts. She was too sick, too humble, too
forlorn to rebel. But the other morning, when Signora Rose blithely recom
menced the attack, started again playing on the delightful string of this sick
girl's tortured nerves, Theresa turned in desperation upon her tormentor,
as a suffering animal will at last expend all its feeble energy in a last pro
test against being disturbed in Its agony. Theresa fell upon Signora Rose,
the bane of the Servent household., and beat her. Long disuse and a natural
timid Ignorance had deprived Theresa of woman's natural weapon, the
tongue, and In this extremity she used her fist like a man. Here's to
Theresa!
But Theresa had to reckon now with Servent; Servent, the brutal
father, who had ingeniously manufactured a whip of wire, which hung in
threatening significance prominently before the pretty dark eyes of this 19
year-old daughter, to flog whom the instrument of torture had been In
vented. Servent, who had demanded and received every penny of this poor
child's labor during the summer months when the canneries were open;
swallowing in his capacious paternal pocket the ten or twelve dollars a week
Theresa earned, and never buying for her a single article of clothing, never
permitting her the luxury of a dime of pocket money out of her own.
"She have one pair of shoes the father bought." says Theresa's brother.
"The res' her clothes she have when she come from Italy, one year now."
Servent was infuriated. You will observe that fathers whose consciences
are least active as to paternal responsibility are the greatest authorities on
the filial respect a daughter owes the author of her being.
Servent himself works from time to time as odd jobs present themselves;
but he has all the Italian's complacent optimism as to the present and the
future.
After the canneries were closed Servent had found a place as maid for
Theresa. But the girl was too ill to work, and besides she was in sensitive,
pitiful fear that her ignorance of the art of cooking would be discovered.
Her own incapacity frightened her more than the thought of h«r father's
wire whip. She came back home and Servent. trebly infuriated at her sick
ness, her long, dumb forbearance and her sudden revealing of a spark of his
own temper; above all by her failure to add to the family's revenue — decided
to be done with her.
On Thursday at noon a wagon drove up to the Servents' door. Into it
Theresa was bundled. She did not object. She is as humble, as amenable,
as timid as a frightened lamb. They told her that they were taking her to
the doctor's. So they drove along and presently alighted. Theresa Servent
was put into a cell with a tiny window and left alone. This girl cannot
speak a word of English. She waited and submitted in helpless, ignorant
docility to being detained. Just once, though, during the long afternoon,
she spoke a word in Italian to a woman there, whose language she had
recognized as her own. asking that her brother be sent for. Then she
subsided into mute, patient waiting.
At half past six in the evening, Angelo Servent, his day's hard work
over, arrived. He saw his sister.
" 'Where am I?' she says to me. 'What is this place? Where is the
doctor?' " Young Servent told the story yesterday.
"It is a prison, I tell her, and that her father he say she crazy.
" 'Oh, what a father I got!' she say. She cry like— like anything. She
say she die if she stay there all night, and I say she no stay there the
night."
Nor did she. The people at the Receiving Hospital permitted Theresa to
go to her brother's home for the night, and together they appeared be
fore the Commissioners Friday morning, when the girl was discharged.
Theresa Servent sits listening while her brother tejls of their father's as
tounding cruelty. Occasionally she answers a question in her soft Italian,
but as a rule she sits wth drooping shoulders and lowered eyes. She's
ashamed, miserably ashamed. Her lips have a sorrowful droop and her
eyes the pleading gentleness of a dog's begging for sympathy, or the next
best thing— to be let alone.
Angelo Servent. the brother. Is in a passion of resentment; his broken
English being all too inadequate to express his rage.
"If she go back to the father," he says, "she no more my sister. She
stay with me. If she can work— she crazy to go to work— all right. If she
no can, it take no more for two to eat than for one. I no more respect
for father like that; put girl In crazy house 'cause she seeck, n' 'cause
that bad woman she josh— josh— Josh all the time, no give girl a rest. An'
that girl she 'frai>i, so 'fraid my father she shake when she see him."
So Angelo Serv.-nt, senior, has disciplined his daughter clear out of his
world. She was ill. a nuisance, no longer a provider, no longer a source
of revenue. The Indkins stone the sick and bury the old alive. I've even
heard that those among them who were hopelessly ailing begged that their
agony might be shortened, asking themselves to be buried, knowing that
their time had come. But I never h< .ml of a stoic, civilized or barbarian,
who craved a mad-house; nor ever before of a father who chose Napa as
a solution for the dilemma of a sick daughter who could not work.
Theresa Servent has worked since she was a child of 6. After her own
mother died she worked about the house and the farm near Genoa as a
grown woman might. At 16 she was sent from home to toil for strangers.
And since she has come to America she has earned many a dollar. It no
more occurs to this Italian girl to shirk work than if does to a patient,
mild-eyed beast of burden to revolt against its two-footed master.
Theresa Servent will go to work again, when time and immunity from
worry and a little medical treatment shall restore her health. And in this
will lie Servent's greatest punishment. For of the good American dollars
this thrifty, patient, humble worker will earn, not one will ever again find
its way into the pocket of the brutal, passionate, despotic Italian peasant
Uer father. MIRIAM MICHELSON.
A CLEAR CASE
AGAINST HIM
The Mint Employe Who Stole
Gold in the Toils of
the Law.
He Abstracted Some of the Waste
and Melted It for Sale to Gro
cers and to Jewelers.
William M. Clarkson. the disgraced
Mint employe, was taken before United
States Commissioner Heacock on Friday
morning. Me was represented by Thomas
D. Riordan. The Commissioner fixed the
bonds of the prisoner at $5000 and named
March 2 as the date for the preliminary
examination. Clarkson was then taken
back to the County Jail.
Clarkson still continues to asseverate
his innocence. His denials are coupled
with innuendoes that the detectives and
the witnesses have conspired against him,
but the detectives say that they have evi
dence outside of that sufficient to con
vince any intelligent jury.
The complaint against Clarkson charges
that while an employe of the Mint in the
rolling department he was entrusted with
$70 of gold bullion, which he embezzled
and appropriated to his own use.
No complaints have been made against
ADVERTISEMENTS. „_
§ NO MORE DREAD OF THE DENTAL CHAIR. g
I VAIN VROOM I
2jj - EIIECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS,-
55. :We know our work is good, so]wes 0] we guarantee. it. Electricity makes it painless. l s=*
' Extraction filling clowning, bri'iae work. Beware of imitators. ; _ .g^.
35 FULL SET OF TEETH, for...... *5 00 up SILVER FILLING ...:23c up
f-^Z BRIDGE 'p^r'Tooth..... 350 up .CLEANING .TEETH.-.....:.....:-. r.soc in "*r»
HROGE WORK per Tooth 350 up CLEANING TEETH 50c „,.
•** By. leaving -our order for Teeth in the morning you can get them the same day •* r -
. <=S . . No charge for extracting Teeth when r plates are ordered. -■ 17 •■■•■••• C
<=2 '/i; Work done' as well at night as by daylight ■by the modern ; electrical device? fif*
■ *=j! used here Consultation free. No students employed. ; , ; ; at
«2 "-"' SIXTH : ; 'AND MARKET STR.H3B3TS '. ■£
55 * MARKET ST. ■ . TELEPHONE JESSIE 1«95. "-^
.'^a' : -- ■: ' Ten Skilled Operators.- Lady Attendants. German and French spoken. '»-> Open *C
55 -.Evenings, till 10 o'clock ,: Sundays, 10 to 1. GEO. W. KLEISER. P.P. S. 5^
■ • -/ ' ' '.-' '■":': .'*-..'-' *?:■■'•;-*■'.' ' ; - ■ • ' ' . - " '■■•■'. -. -. • ■■---..-■.-_,-';--•.-' -•■»'...•-■:.-,-'■.-:■...• ;^* ■'
Grocer Martin Eggers, who informed the
authorities that he received nuggets from
Clarkson, or against William D. Carter
a blacksmith at 304 Golden Gate avenue,
in whose forge Carter says that Clarkson
melted some of the stolen gold.
The case was first taken up by Nick
Harris about a year ago, at that "time a
Secret Service United States Treasury
agent. The Mint officials had discovered
th;H more than the average amount of
waste was reported in the Mint opera
tions and the conclusion was inevitable
that some one was stealing the gold The
employes were watched, but nothing de
veloped save the fact that the wastage
account had increased from the normal
quantity to about $1200 above normal dur
ing the past year and a half.
Too Much Opium.
Joseph Brown, an "opium fiend," was
convicted of vagrancy by Judge Conlan
yesterday, and the Judge sentenced him
to six months in the House of Correc
tion. Brown pleaded not to be sent there,
as he could get all the opium he wanted
there, and he wanted to break himself
from the habit. The Judge postponed
sentence till to-morrow, and meantime
will see Sheriff Whelan in regard to
Brown's assertion.
Will Not Leave Her Alone.
Levi P. Gordon, ex-policeman, is again
in trouble, and a warrant is out for his
arrest on the charge of disturbing the
peace. The complaining witness is his
divorced wife. He has been persistently
annoying her., and Friday night he called
at a house on Post and Larkin streets,
where she was stopping, and raised such
a row that he was thrown out, and yes
terday morning she got notice to leave.
CLOTHING MADE
IN SWEATSHOPS
Startling Discoveries Have Been
Made by a Labor
Organizer.
Shops Which Can Bo Located by
Use of the QlTactory
Organs.
The newly organized Tailors' Union,
which is known as local No. 2 of the
Journeymen Tailors' Union of North
America, is determined to bring about a
better state of things in the tailoring line
if possible, and proposes to do this mainly
through the introduction of the union
label.
E. S. Christophersen. who organized
this union was present at the Friday
meeting of the Labor Council, and in a
short address to its members made some
assertions which startled the members.
"If many of you could see the places
where your clothing is made," he said,
"you would think twice before wearing
it, and in speaking of this I refer not only
to the ready-maae goods, but the prod
ucts of some of the best custom tailors In
the city. In organizing this new union
it was my duty to ferret out all the tailor
shops in this city, and many of them ar»
the vilest of dens. After climbing two or
three (lights of stairs I would never doubt
that I was in the vicinity of one of these
sweatshops— the odor makes this evident
at a distance of 100 feet in any direction—
but the buildings are as a rule so dark
Directory or
SAFE FAST STEAMER
HIMBOLDT
Will Sail About March 12 for
DYEA And
SKAGUAY
DIRECT.
For passage and freight apply
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 3!0 Clay St.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1893. Fare,
including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California st., San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, 201
Front st., San Francisco.
California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
■62S Market st.
Will dispatch their elegant 1 new ocean steamer
(now building), for Dawson City, via St.
Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 160 pounds
baggage free.
Freight 10 cents per . pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
tric lighted throughout. • Send ( for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
to, Dyea and Skaguay. . .;
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DYEA and SKAGUAY, can arrange ,to
have their provisions sent via . St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO., .
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
A gentleman, whose business is a constant strain upon
his nerves, relates that one night recently he was unable
to sleep. On previous occasions he had observed a bene-
fit arising from the use of Ripans Tabules. On this
particular occasion, believing that heroic, measures were
necessary, he took three. The result was really surpris-
ing. The effect was as quieting as though the medicine
had contained a narcotic, which every one knows it does
not. There was an immediate feeling of ease, rest and
quiet, extending in a few minutes over the entire system,
and sleep came as naturally as to a child.
and dismal that it Is'of ten difficult ."to find
& X? n^efn Vo^cT T^cofi
RSKSyttWflfi was
duced and we can guarantee than any
soods bearing it have been manufactured
under good sanitary conditions. ;: In the
meantime I would suggest that measures
be taken to have all place* in, which
clothing is manufactured subjected to a
"ftSSSSSi-- address was fol
lowed by J. T. Ellsworth, president of the
new union, who in effect reiterated his
St m Labor Council has been strength
ened during the past week by delegates
from the Boiler-makers and Iron Snip
builders' and the Tailors' unions. A com
munication was received from the Amer
ican Federation of Labor stating that
Ben Tillett. the famous labor agitator,
who has been ill for some time, is again
able to g:o about his work and will visit
this coast some time in April, when nia
services will be at the disposal of any
union to give a series of lectures on the
labor question. .* „»
A meeting will be held at 102 O'Farrell
street on Monday evening, March 7. to
which all tailors are Invited. Its object
is to strengthen the new organization of
tailors.
Opening Art Exhibit.
The first exhibit of paintings for the sea
son will take place in the Hopkins Art
Institute to-morrow evening, when a
number of paintings and sketches by .
J. Greenbaum will be placed on exhibi
tion. The San Francisco Art Association,
under whose auspices these exhibitions
are given, have decided to dispense with
the regular spring exhibition, and have
individual displays by local artists from
time to time until next fall, when the
big exhibition will be held. Mr. Green
baum has placed 132 paintings, sketches,
studies and drawings in the spacious gal
leries, the majority of which- were done
on his recent tour, of Europe, and hia
showing is a very creditable one.
TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
' Al CLIPPER BARK,
" ISrOK/TK[E2R,ISr lioht, »
Captain Joseph Whlteside, Commanding.
Will Sail for
KOTZEBUE SOUND,
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
MAY 1O .... 1898.
Passage $200, including 3000 Its. baggage.
$50 now will secure passage, balance before
April 1, 1898.
Address CAPT. B. COGAN.
. . 44 East St., San Franclsyo.
$300 (INSTALLMENTS) will land you at Daw-
son, Including food and clothes for one year;-
"cheaper than staying at home"; chance to
locate claims at Koynkuk, Tanana. Minook,
Birch Creek. Circle City or Klondike: limited.
Alaska Transportation Co., 224 Montgomery
Ft., San Francisco. ,
SUPPLIES.
W. W7 MONTAGUE & CO.,
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS.
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
___ GAS JENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
SLEEPING BAGS.
KLONDIKE SLEEPING BAGS.
Klondike Sleeping Baps. The only bag mado
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. 3H Spear Ft.. San Francisco.
P. R B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out oC
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
st. Tel. Nr>.. Main 17K3.
SLEDS. BOATS, ETC.
ARCTIC sleds. Arctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and %tern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can b»
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2351.
MEDICINES.
DON'T GO TO THE KLONDIKE
OR anywhere else without a supply of
PRATTS ABOLITION OIL. the never-falling
remedy for Rheumatism. Neuralgia, Lams
Back and all lameness and pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
v»O4 Washington St.
"lime cordial.
Lime Cordial especially prepared for the
Alaska, etc., trade. Preventive and cure for
scurvy, etc. LUKE G. SREPOVICH & CO.,
Agents. T. 21 to .'2.* Sansnmc St.. Son Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTER 3. VH3
great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs.COMMERCIAL WORLD.
y|: SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
.' Silver lower.
Bank Clearings gain 50 per cent. '.-.","; :
Wheat Futures easier. Barley Futures firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull. 'J'il'"-^
Bran lower and Middlings easy. ' . ' '•
No change in Hay.
Beans firm and In demand.
Potatoes weak and .dull. Onions steady.
Butter lower. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.;
: Game season closes to-morrow.
.-Oranges and Lemons firmer. ■
1 Dried Fruits the same. .
;- Provisions still strong and active.
' No further advance In Hogs.
Grain Bags nominal.
BANK CLEARINGS.
: '• Local bank clearings last week were 112,714,
263, .'" against $5,545,1ii3 for the same week last
year. — — _ . ■--•':■■■■
EXPLANATION.
The arrow fties with the wind. The top flg
cres :u Etatlon indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath it, if any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, e*jual
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coiist. When
the pressure is high in the interloy and low
along the coast, and the isobars intend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a '"'hirh" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and th^ pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
tn summer and colder weather in winter The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
;; .... ' ; WEATHER REPORT.
,■"';•' : \ ':s .' (120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
.V :•'...■ SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26.-5 p. m. ■
.-The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
l^Bt -season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty-four hours:
r.-Vr ; '!". ■.-■■: ■ » Past i "This Last
Stations- 1^ " - . ' 21 hours. Season. Season.
Eyre** ■:...."... 0.28 r -25.39 35. 57
H->. 81uff....... 0.04 10.47 20.94
;Sa;:ramento .:.....: 0.06 5.22 ' " 14.47
- a r. ; Francisco 0.01 7.11 ' .17.76
Er^nor ■-,■..,.-.. 0 , 3.41 S.s*
Wii.iis Obispo 0 • 5.06 ,17.3«
I'W. -Angeles:." 0 4.27 14.43
-i^T, Uivgit .:...... 0 3.3S 10.11
Y. i 0 1.26 4.87,
-Fuii .Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
■£'::; r'inirr.um.' 1-2: mean li.
HiATHEII. CONDITIONS AND ' GENERAL
•'QJX'""' ■■■■-■■ FORECAST.
Th« storm which was central last night off
tlie/.Qregon' coast - still . remains in about the
sa-roe- .-position. Brisk. to high southeast winds
I.r*-vK[l'. along the northern California coast,
and easterly winds along the coast of- Oregon
and Washington. Light rain has fallen to-day
th;fouf?.h,out the portion of California north of
San Francisco. Conditions' are favorable for
occasional rain in Northern California Sunday.
■'/Forecasts^ made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, .ending midnight February 27, 1896:
;■:'. Northern California — Occasional rain Sunday;
brisk. to high southeast wind on the northern
coaFt: ■:''. ■
Southern California — Generally fair Sunday;
fresh : westerly wind.
■• Nevada — Cloudy Sunday, with occasional rain
in »xtreme northwest portion: :;° "'«■'.•.
X'tah — Cloudy Sunday.
■ Arizona^Generally fair Sunday.
' San Francisco and vicinity — Occasional rain
SuriJay: brisk to high southeast wind. -
: Special .rrport from Mt. Tamalpais, taken at
5 -"p..-. m. -^Cloudy; southeast wind thirty-six
miles per hour; temperature, 49; maximum,'
46; > rainfall, 0.06. ' "r" r
:.■...:-• W. H. HAMMON.
; : r;-^ ■;•:;■>;■ , Local r Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
:■'.■ -.X E\V- YORK, Feb. 20.— •"'Jose— Money on call
steady. : 2 per rent; last loan 2; prime mercan
■ tile. "paper,. ;3%(J4 per cent;, sterling exchange
; firmer, : with actual business In bankers' bills
a: J-i Si'iS* &*% for demand and $4 81% for
*txiy '-."days;, postefl rates. $4 83@4 83*4 and
J4 feU&4^6; ••commercial | bills, *4 81%; silver
: certificates';. s:;H'!rs6%c; bar silver, oo^c; Mexi
"eaij-dollars,; 4ii>ic; State bonds, quiet; railroad
bomls^" steadj 1 ; Government bonds, irregular;
>n*.w. ;s. •• registered, 124%; coupon, 1 24 .*; 44 I*,1 *,
reKlstere<J,., 111%; conpon.' 112H: seconds, regls
ier'ea. J»%; .Vs, registered and- coupon, 112; Pa
:ctfic.ya:.'qi.-'S?;-/|O3Mu " ; .'^V-f."';'-. . . "
:.,- '•-;; NEW ' YORK STOCK MARKET.
." NFW TORK". Feb. .2s. —The stock market v was
.- .listless, and- without decider tone to-day. The
':; net changes were trivial In most cases ami the
■■.'rnarkef-.rnpvedi'up^nd down within a narrow
range." London buying gave a slight upward,
lmpettis at "the opening and then . profit > taking
: by ' yesterday's buyers drove prices below last
'.•■night's' level. The close was above the lowest.
;'• but- net change's^ were much mixed. ; ' The course
•; of prices" was unsettled and conflicting in the
'. final dealings, some siqcka moving upward and
.'; ethers downward .' simultaneously and appar-
: ently without maDipuJation. The' whole of the
. trading was by small room traders and large
'-■■^ operators apparently content to stand by j
;■•'. for the present and •watch the course of things. !
Canadian Pacific ruled higher. Northern Pa- '
: -. clflc preferred was notably firm all, day. -
;••'• The bank statement was without particular j
-•'."effect,' as the conditions disclosed had made
.'■•.themselves 1 felt during the ( week. The heavy:
"decrease in loans indicates liquidation on the :
" "Stock Exchange." but probably does not fully j
•■ measure it, as th» loans which have been
;" called have beea In part replaced in time loans \
• and commercial paper.".'" . - '■.
':•'. Price* of standard stocks are I@* points \
• .lower than a week ago. Declines In the Rpecu- j
-. •■lative bond issues are I©3 per cent, Govern- |
merit bonds are l%S3'/i per cent lower, call I
t' money . rates 'have risen .from 1%@3 Per cent ;
and exchange has fallen, to the gold Import
■ -point, with $3/200,000 . engaged for shipment or j
••• In passage. This,' in brief, represents the :
.'.^changes in the » financial • situation from last
. Saturday. ' .= ».= ■" c • • -
::-'. : Prices of stocks are ' considerably above the ;
low point of Thursday morning,, when, the !
"•: downward- plunge lu.ik on panic conditions i
•' for a time." The -.week's drastic liquidation In •'
. ; the stock market" was forced by the marking
•.■■.up of -.call loans. . Coming on a market poorly I
\ supported-, because of the threatening" outlook j
.-of- the Cuban question and ■with many orders. I
..- to seJl out. long stocks, these ' offering's pre- !
cipitated " a decline that wiped' out all ° mar
gins, and' brought a torrent of stock „on an I
"•';. /already weak market. From a technical stand- j
..-■ point- the .stiffening of money rates preclpl- i
.'•tated .the decline. : The "higher money . rates ■
'■■■.'**£» in turn due to ; withdrawals of currency i
.•■l.f.rom" New- York banks for shipment to the
= -Interior.. Competent expert authorities differ I
' ;as ..t"o. whether this movement' of money to
•.•the -interior is- to be attributed to the prepara- i
• tion for the regular spring settlement, and Is '
". -thus •to m»»t" regular business demands, or |
.■•/ whether It " is -a, cautious safeguarding by in- !
. . banks against a possible need growing '
.out of.-pMltleal niplu-Mtii-nK over, Cuba. As i
:" .-against .the- latter view it is to be considered :
•• .th&i""ln(erf«r:.'banks are" permitted by law to
eoUTit a*- ii th^fr legal reserves a certain* pro- I
■ ..-portion of money 4'hieh is on de°poslt in New j
"' ; y..rk -.banks. xjdeslgnotfd* as d«posi£oYtea, the
same as thmte;h it were .in their.: own vaults. ■
'.:':!% ■is -also", true that there Is an increasing ]
.•'• kmciunt . of commercial paper offering at In- i
'iterlor ftnaßclal centers. The London r mar
. ket has persisted In buying American securi
;\;; \; ties in- the;, face of the violent decline In j
''-prices'..' Even 11 * 1 th«f*{£oW movement-- to « New [
Torki estimated all the way from $#.1,000,000 \
' ■to ,'OOO,OOI has not put a stop to London |
"• buying of American securities, a result which j
'■-. usually follow'^; almost Immediately. Large
capitalists ana' corporate Interests on the look
1 out' for-.bargalris c are credited with having ab
sorbed large "lines of stock In .New York as'
well as in London at the low prices reached.
As for the sharp falling of the bonds, a
rise in the money rate is naturally coinci
dent with a fall in governments. .For another
thing, the banks which became depositories
for the Union Pacific payment to the Govern
ment had to give the Government bonds as
security, and the demand thus created made,
retcrd prices for the bonds. Now the Gov
ernment is withdrawing its deposits ' and re
issuing the bonds to the banks, thus making
them available in the market.
Total sales of stock to-day- amounted
to 178,40) shares, including: Burlington,
13.705; Louisville' and Nashville, 3590; Man
hattan, Wo; Metropolitan Street Hallway, 3&I0;
Reading preferred, 33M); New York Central,
4045; Northern Pacific preferred, 79*0:' Rock
Island, 5500; St. Paul, 13,320; Union Pacific, 6400 ;
People's Gas, 6695; American Sugar, 27.925:
Leather preferred, 3852; Western Union. 5052.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehison '...,. 11% St"& Om ......... 71
Do pref •.... 27% ' Do pref  1504
Baltimore & Ohio 16 |stPM4M 132
Canada 1 Pacific ... S3 So Pacific 19
Canada Southern. 474 So. Railway .*... 8%
Cent Pac 12 Do pref ........ 28%
Ches & Ohio .... 204 Texas & Pacific. 10%'
Chi & Alton 162 Union Pac : 30%
Chi B & Q." 88% U P D & G..:... 8%
Chi & E 111....... 54% Wabash 64
CCC &St L.... 80*; Do pref 16
Do pret : ... 7.". ! Wheel & L E.... 2%
Del & Hudson.... 109 j Do pref ........ 9%
Del L St. W 150 I Express Companies—
Den & R G 12 Adams Ex 112
Do' pref : 47 7 American Ex .... 125
Erie (new) 14% United States 42
.■ Do Ist pref .... .m 4 ; Wells Fargo ..... 115
Ft Wayne .: 168 i Miscellaneous— .
Gt Nor pref .... 154 I A Cot Oil 17 ■
Hocking Val .... 6V» Do pref 72
Illinois Cent ..... 100^ Amn Spirits 74
Lake Erie & W... 15Vi - Do pref IS%
, Do pref 70 Am Tobacco . .. BS%
Lake Shore ...... 191 Do pref 112%
Louis & Nash.... 544 People's Gas 90%
Manhattan L ... 101 U. Cons Gas 182%
Met St Ry 137% Com Cable C 0.... 165
Mich Cent ■ 106 Col F & 1r0n.... 20Vi,
Minn &St L 264 Do pref 78
Do Ist Dref .... 84 Gen Electric . — 32
Mo Pacific ....... 26* i Illinois Steel ..... .46
Mobile & 0hi0... 274 Laclede Gas 41
Mo X & T 11% I Lead 30%
, Do pref 36% Dopref 103%
Chl-Ind &L 7% I Nat Lin Oil .... 16%
Do pref ....:... 27& Or.lmp Co. 264
N J Central 92 Pacific Mail 27
N Central ..:."U2y. Pullman Pal 177
N V Chi & St L.. 12%! Silver Cert 56%
Do Ist pref .... 68 Stand R& T 4Vi
Do 2d pref .... 34 Sugar 122"
Nor West ..' 13% Do pref : 110%
No Amer Co .... 5% TC & Iron 19J4
' No Pacific 21' i U S Leather >.... ' 6',a-
Do pref 61% Do nref 61
Ontario & W...... 15% US Rubber .. 1G
Or R & Nay 47 Do pi'ef * 63%"
Or Short Line.... 27% W Union ..'. 86*«
Pittsburg 169 C & N W 121 .
Reading- 18% Do pref :.-.....". 173',t
• Do Ist pref .... 44>i St L & S W....^. 4 •
Rock Island SSH Do nref ..: 9
St Louis & S F.. 6% ROW '..... 23 '
Do Ist nref ";...,■ 54%- Do pref ..';• 67 "
Do Ed pref .... 24% Chi G W. ......... 10%
St Paul 92% Haw Com C 0..... IS»4
„Do pref .........145% .. • .
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 124% N'-T Central lsts. 1164
- Do coup .....;.. 12414 N J Css 113%
. U S 4s ......;.'.... 111% N". Carolina 65.... 125 - .
Do coup ........ 1124 : Do 45...:.. 103 ■
i Do 2ds ......... 99% No Pac lsts 118%
V S 5s reg .•.■...-.. 112 f>o 3s '........'... 60*;
Do 5s coup „... 112 'Do 4s .'. 95 *
District 3.65s ,-.... 118 NY C& S L 45.. 105%
Ala class' A 108% Nor & W 6s 125
Do B 107 ! North con.. 142%;
Do C ..:........ 95 I Dp deb ss. 117
- Do Currency... 95 O Nay lsta 114
Atchison 45,....-.. 90% O Nay 4s 94%
Do adj 4s ....... 594 O S Line 6s tr 122.
Can So 2ds ....... 109"i O S Line 5s tr.... 99
Chicago Term ; S5Vi O Imp lsts 1 tr.... 109-
C &- Ohio Ss. 117 Do 5s tr ........ 57. -
CH & D 4%5.V.. 104% Pacific 6s. of 55... 103%
D & R G 1et5....' 109. Reading 4s ... ....... S3 :
D& R G 45..."... 90 R G W lsts. 81%
Ea«t Term lets.. 106% S L & I. M C 55..' SS
Erie. Gen .45....... 70% SL & S F'G 6s. 117%
■F W & D Ists tr. 70 St P Con 140
■ Gen i^lec- 55...... 100% St I? C & P'lsts.. 122
G H & S A 65.... 109 . ' Do os .... 90V*
Do ids ....::... 105 Stand R. & T. 6s. 57" •
: H & T C -55.." 109% 'Term new set 35.. '90
Do con 6s ...... 106 T& PL Gists.. :*9'i
; lowa C 15t5..,.:.. 100 " DoR? 2d5:..... -33
.Kan P Con tr 106 Union Pac Ists.... 127%
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131^; U P D & G ists. : 53%
La -new cons 45.. 101 • Wab Ist 5s :..;,. 105*4
JX ft M Uni 45.-... 88 Do.Zds '..■ 75%
Missouri 6s ..' 100 . W Shore 43 ...... 110*4
M X & T -.:... '6"4lVa Centuries, • 70%
Do 4s ... ; :...'... 87%' Do deferred- '.. ■4 -.
1 ;.; . .' MINING STOCKS. • -
j Chollar ..:.-. 3r | Ontario. ........... "2 CO
j Crown Point : ' 10 Oph.ir .V .. • 45
I Con Cal •& Va... . SO j Plymouth ■...:...:. • 0i
I Deadwood .... . 1 00 j Quicksilver 1 00
! Gould & Curry.. . 20 .■ Do" pref • 2to
i Hale & Norcrs., 130 i .Sierra- Nevada -.. 90
I Homestake ....... 37 00 i Standard ......... 175
I Iron Silver- '. •' 42" Union Con". ... 35
Mexican •.."........ 30, Yellow Jacket .<. 20
.boston. .•■■■:'•-':■ ■ .
\ BOSTON, Feb. 26 Atehison. liv,"; Bell Tele
phone. 257; C. B. and .Q., 934; Mexican Cen
tral,- 55%: Oregon Short. Line, 23.
' LONDON MARKET. :.-
LONDON, Feb. 26.— There. wa-s a' strong in
| quiry during the week In the -wool ' trade,
' owing to short- supplies' of Merinos in the
hands of English manufacturers; .A fair quan
tity was sold above the JaM "rates. : A disin
clination among holders to sell prevents large
■business. There was a strong demand ' for
sheepskins and a quantity was Fold. The ar-
I rivals to date for the next" series aggregate
; 229,238 bales, ,of which 26,950 were forwarded
direct. The quantity fo'ra'arded direct shows
a marked decrease and the amount available
j for the series will probably not exceed. 220,000
i bales. .-. "
The sale of wool from the steamer Cro
marty. which was wrecked. at St. Michael, will
; be held at the Wool Exchange March 1.
The sheepskin sales .will be held. March S. J
CLOSING. -
Canadian Pacific, 84%; Grand Trunk, 7%.
Bar silver, quiet, 25% d per ounce; Money, 2%
(5? per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
i NEW YORK, Feb. ' 26.-FLOUR— Receipts,
I 36,432; exports, 22,83* barrels. Quiet and lower
;to sell; Minnesota, patents, $5 30@5 55; do
! bakers', $4 40@4 60; winter straits, ?4 60«4 75;
: do extras, $3 90S* 10; do low grades, $2 90@3.
WHEAT- Receipts, 89,700; exports, 1222. Spot
easy; No. 2 red. $1 05%, (. o. b., afloat. Op
tions opened weak at He decline and sold off
further tinder local liquidation, bearish home
and Indian crop news and absence of clique or
ether support, closing vfcfS lc net lower. No. 2
red February closed at $1 04^ ; May, Si%(69S%c,
closed 98 7 /»c.
HOPS— Steady. , State common to choice, 1895
crop, 4@6c; 1896 crop, Tig&c; 1897 crop, 17®19c;
Pacific Coast. 1895 crop, 4@6c; IS9B crop, 8@10c;
1597 crop, IT® 19c. ...
■WOOL— Quiet. Fleece, 17 fa 23c ; Texas, 18%@
lo^c. o --• • • ". • -
PETROLEUM— Firm. .
COPPER— Strong: Brokers', $11 25. •-.'..
PIGIRON — Steady. • .Southern, 1 . $9 75if 11 25;
northern, $10 50<ijl2. - .'•:.
LEAD— DuII. Brokers', $3 60.
' Plates steady.- •• -' . -•'
• COFFEE— Options closed' steady, unchanged
to 6 points net advance. Sales, 14.250 bags, in
cluding March, $5 45@5 "50; January, $6. Spot
Coffee— Rio. dull; ; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7
Jobbing. 6%ic; mild, steady; Cordova, 7^j@ls^Jc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; lair refining, 3 11-lGc;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16c;'re'flned, quiet; mold
A. 5Hc; standard A, o^c.; confectioners' A, 6^c;
cut loaf. 6%c; crushed, s*4c; powdered, 5 7-16 c;
granulated, 6"<ic; cubes, 6 7-16 c. - '
BUTTBR— 342S .packages. Finn;
Western ere. airtery,,l4H@2oVic; Elgins, ■ 20',4c;
factory', HSfUcI . • ".,-•''•
X EGGS'— Receipts. 5100 packages. -Steady;
State and' Pennsylvania. 15%@1d>4c; 'Western,
15% c; Southern, M@l4^*c.
DRIED FRUITS.
= ; -NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— California Dried
Fruits steady?, especially firm in evaporated
apples. . - . . ■ ' . . . .
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, s<g7%c;
prime wire tray. Sl 2 c; wood-dried, I prJme, SV4c:
choice. S^@Dc: fancy, S%®loc. .
I PRUNES— - .
APRICOTS— RoyaI; s@7.Hc; Jloorpark, lie.
PEACHES— o*?rc; peeled," 12@2i3c.
.. » ■ CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Feb. r 26.— For a few moments
after the start wheat compared with the weak
ness • it " developed later, wa» fairly steady.
July started %c .-lower to ' %c, higher at from
89^c to 89V4C and .May &p . lower at $1 03.
Letter's brokers appeared to have- some sup
porting orders in July 'at the start, and for
this reason 1 that month showed steadiness when
May weakened badly. Trading in May was
very slight. There were a good many more
selling orders than the limited demand could
take care of, the result being a decline to
$1 Ol'/i. The continued Increasing production
of contract wheat by , the mixers apparently
affected M~ay. Liverpool was from %d to :%d
lower, and crop reports from California -and
India, especially ■ from the latter country, 'we're
very favorable. The weakness which developed
in May soon was reflected in July. There was
a good deal of selling out by people who have
been ■'tailing" on the Letter campaign, , and
who had become discouraged by the recent
downward turn to the market and prices, In
spite of the Letter support, declined steadily.
At around 88V»c for July the market hesitated
for a time. A period of dullness and .narrow
fluctuations set in, but about half an hour
from the close developed fresh weakness.
Under - renewed selling of . longs/ July getting
down to BS%c, ■' and May, which had - rallied
to- $1 02, declining •to $1 01'%. Shortly : before
the close Letter's brokers again gave the mar
ket ' Borne- support, this time In May. the buy-
Ing of a ; line of about 100,000 bushels being
sufficient to cause a rally In : that opUoii • to
$102%, which, was the closing price. . This
rally also, influenced July to a limited extent,
stopping the selling pressure,- and starting a
little covering, under > which the ; price \ got
back to 8554©86H C » where It closed. .
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
Corn was well ' held,' despite the weakness
of wheat. May closed %c lower.
■ Oats were steady. , May closed %c . lower.
A large trade, was done in provisions. Sell
ing was mostly .by ■ commission - houses. . ■ At
the close May pork was 10c s lower ; May lard
• 24c lower, and May ribs 5c lower. -•
The leading futures ranged as follows: .•
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close:
Wheat, No. 2— ' . /.
May ........'.■....... 103 103% 1 01% 1 02%
July 53% 894 88 " 88%
Corn, No; 2— . • ' . .
May : - 29%, 29 7 4 294 ■ 29%
July : 327 V3l . 30% 30%
September- -32- 324 ' 3174 32
Oats, No. 2— j ! . ..' .
May ...'.... 26- 26% •"' JB% ■ M
July 24V4 24% 21% • 24%
Mess -Pork, per bbl—
May.... 10 42% 10 55 10 30 10 35
July ..- 10 50 10.52% 1035 ■■• 10 40 .
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May -...:........'... -5 20 525 ,5 17% 5 174
July ...."...." 5 27% 6 324 '5 25 '5 25
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs
May 5 124 515 507%' 507%
July ...'. ■■•...:■ X, 20 5 22% 515 5 15_
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull:
Winter Patents, $4 8606; Straits, $4 30@4 60;
Spring Specials, IJ 40SG BOj Spring Patents.
$4 7055 10; Straits. $4 4H-&4 60: Bakers', $3 60®
3 SO: No. 2 Spring Wheat. 9<VfJ3le: No. 3 Spring
Wheat, 92%e; No. 2 red, $i 01 tjl 024: No. 2
Corn. 2S'4c; No: 2 Oats. 2r.%c; No. 3 white,
27vf;2S4e; No. 2 Rye. .4S%c: No. 2 Barley, f.
o. b.. 224«40c; No. 1 Flax Se^d. $1 22; Prime
Timothy Seed, $2 90: Mess Pork, per bbl.,
$10 30«il0 35; Lard, per 100 lbs..'-$5 17Vi; Short
Ribs sides' (loose*, SS'go 25; Dry Salted Shoul
ders (boxed), ■4%'g-Rc; Short Clear Sides (boxed),
$h 25®5 40; Whisky, distillers' finished goods.
per gallon, $1 184: Sugars, Cut, Loaf, $6 01;
Granulated, to 51. .'
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 15.000
Wheat, bushels ..v 59,000 175.000
Corn, bushels ..' ....4W.000 322.000
Oats, bushels 3KOOO {82.000
Rye. bushels 5,000 i.OO
Barley, bushels '..- 31.000 8.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: Creameries, 13rijl44e; Dairies.
IHi 17c: dteeae, quiet, S@B4c; Eggs, weak;
fresh. U%©Mc.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities.— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 111,840 3!U00
Puluth 22,931 15,306
Milwaukee 17.5u0 3.250
Chicago 08.667 175.100
TolPdo : 9.947 20,000
St Louis 17,000 87,000
Detroit 13.9"5
Kansas City 104,500 78,500
Totals 357,340 252,456
Tidewater —
Boston 100
New York 59,725 1.222
Philadelphia 13,931 21,400
Paltimure 57.658 16.000
New Orleans , 40.U00
Totals 161.314 78,622
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Feb. Mar.
Opening 62 30 si» 30
Closing
Flour —
Opening 28 SO 27 75
Closing
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July Sept. Dec.
Opening ...7 104 74% . 71% 664
Closing — .. • •
; EASTERN LIVESTOCK.
. CHICAGO, Feb. 26.— CATTLE— There was the
usual Saturday small supply of cattle. Sales in
all classes. were at yesterday 'range of prices.
The market at present is in rather poor condi
tion and large receipts are not looked for next
week. . • • ■• ' ■
HOG'S— Receipts were light, but there was no
improvement "in prices. Hogs sold at an ex- 1
treme range of . $3 So@4 07%, chiefly at $3 95@ j
4 05; pigs. $3 60@3 85.
SHEEP— at $3@3 SO for the poorest up to |
$4 SOOt 60 , for choice flocks,- not many going j
under $4, and yearling sheep brought $4 60@4 75;
lambs, $4 SOS'S .-60. •
Receipts— Cattle.- 300; hogs, -15,000; sheep,
3500. ■ .:.-•-■ • ■
.■. ■ : • • KANSAS CITY. '
! KANSAS CITY. Feb. 26.— Receipts.
300. Market unchanged from yesterday. Only
retail •' trade.' • ' ,
HOGS— Receipts. 8000. ' • Market steady • to
Strong. Bulk of sales, . $3 75©3 95; heavies,
3 7" i;- packers, J3 70@3 97: mixed, $3 6o(f 3 95;
lights, $3 50® 3-75; yorkers, $3 7063 75; pigs, $3® .
3-50 • ' ■
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000. Market firm; lambs, :
$3@5 40; muttons, $2. 751; 4 25.-;
„'• , ■.'OMAHA. ."• . -;
OMAHA. Feb. 26.— Receipts,- 700.
Market active -and a shade stronger;- native
beef steers, £780*80; Westerns, •$3 50&4 -40;
Texas steers", $3(&'3 70; cows and heifers, $3® ;
3 85- -banners,- i2<@2 SO; stockers and feeders, I
53 60@4 75; calves. $4(u6; bulls and stags, $2 30®
3 70. ' "' ' ' ■"-'■■
HOGS— Receipts., 3500. Market 2%@5c higher;
heavy, $3 75QS t>s: mixed, $3 80®3. So; light, $3 SO
@3 85. - ." •■ ■-' :••■ ' ■ -'•■*'- •■.Z ■• '.;■
• SHEEP— Receipts '* 3600. ' Market" strong:
lambs steady; fair to choice, natives, $3 70®
4 70; fair to choi.ee Westerns, $3 50<g4 50; Com
mon and stock sheep, $3*54; lambs, .S4QS 40.
DENVER..
DENVER, Feb. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100.
Market- quiet bu-t steady; beef steers, $3 25®
4 30; crows, 7533 70; stockers and. feeders,
S3 85(g"4 50, freight paid to river; bulls, $2 25®
3.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market steady; light
packers, $3 $o(fi3 85; mixed. $3 75® J 80; heavy,
it 70@3 SO;, bulk of sales, $3 85.
SHEEP— No receipts.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK", Feb. 26.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
The stock markets here were again better
to-day, but still unsettled. Americans were
bought lens confidently to-day. Money rates
have hardened on the further fall in New
York ekchange and the continued demand for
gold, which raised the price of bars to
77s 9\d.
Two Stock Exchange failures were an
nounced to-day. ■ owing to operations In
Grand Trunks and Western Australian mines.
It Is rumored that the Chinese loan will be
brought out here by England. This Is Im
portant, If true, because It means a lock-up of
money earlier than If an outside bank did It.
I also hear a report that the Gre<»k . loan
guaranteed by the powers may be a 24 per
cent loan and issued at about 98, but I cannot
confirm this.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Feb. 26.— Consols, 112 13-16; Silver.
2Js "id; French rentes, lOSf 75n.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 26.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
I Standard California wheat, 3Ss 3d; cargoes oft
! coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
j quieter; wheat in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris,
dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 15-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— No. 1 red northern spring, dull,
1 8s 2d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, quiet, 3s
CUrt- Futures— March ouiet, 3s 4Hd.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady, 10g.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast firm, £4 13s
@£5 ss.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Feb. 26.— Wheat dull, quota
tions nominal; Walla Walla, 55@57c; valley and
bluestem. 7S@79c per bushel.
TACOMA, Feb. 26.— Wheat— No. 1 bluestem,
76-§77c; No. 1 club. 73®74c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, "Feb. 26.— Exchanges, $178,321;
balances, $44,097.
NEW YORK'S BUSINESS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26— The Imports at the
port of New York we.re:
Gold, $135,362; silver, $52,951; dry goods and.
general merchandise, $9,938,124.
The exports of specie were: Gold, $57,210;
silver, $800,547.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84VI
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 864
New York Exchange, sight — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 224
F'ne Silver, per ounce — F.f>>4
Mexican Dollars 454 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were weak, at a .slight
falling off. There was no material change in
the spot market, but it was dull and weak. :;:
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 «Vi
° for No. 1. *1 42H tor choice and -|l 45<y>
1 4714 per ctl for extra choice for milling. ... .
l.y: • CALL BOARD SALES. . .
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May, 6000 etls,
»1 39 V*: December-6000, $1 29%; 12,000. $129%;
ctls, *1 39%'; 10,000
SI 39*4 • : •.-..:-;... ' .
Regular Morning Session— May— 2^,ooo ctls,
J Ji 29V4 • 2000, $1 39%. December— l2,ooo, Jl'29>4.
! BARLEY— Spot prices kept up and the ten-
I dency In futures was toward firmer figures.
! Trading wns lipht. however. ;
Feed, $1 02%1?l 05 for dark to good and $1 07%
I for choice; Brewing. . $1 15© 1 17% for No. 1 and
' $1 10(31 12% per ctl for dark Coast.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
I Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second - Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 97% c;. 16,000,
97% c; 4000, S*7»4c; 2000, 97 7 /4 c; 2000," 9Sc. - ■--.'
i Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls, 87c. May— 98c ; 2000, 98% c; 2000, ; 98% c;
12.000, 9S%c. ■.., . ■ ,:■_'-.-•■
OATS— The market rules. dull at unchanged
prices.: ; : -. ■■-,•• : -';■••> >■• '■■■■■■ .-•■•..■• ■'•■.■■• ■.-.;:■..
P Fancy feed. $1 22%@1 25 per ctl: food ito
choice, $1 17%®1 22%; common, $1 12%@1 15;
Surprise. 11 2501 30: red. SI 35@1 45; gray, $1 15
«?1 17%; milling. $1 20« l 2n; black, for seed,
$1 35®1E0: Clipped Oat« sell at »I®2 per ton
over the raw product. >.-'"'■•: ■ '-> -• -•■ ■
•CORN— The demand Is lnalgnlficant and quo
1 tations are without variation.
Small round yellow, $110@l 124 per ctl; large
yellow, $1 oftsl 074: white. Jl 05@l 074.
RYE— JIOSCI 074 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI: none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55@4 65: Bakers' extras, 54 305J4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacKs are as fol
lows,' usual discount tc the trade: Graham
Flour. %''■ l>er liiO lbs; Rye Flour. J2 50 per 1W1;
Rice Flour, *." 75; Cornmeal, $2 25: extra cream
do, *3; Oatmeal, $''• 50; Oat Groats. $4: Hom
iny. $3 10(73 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat. ?3 50: Farina. $4 50; \.'hole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (bblw). J5 2W5 65: In
sacks. $5 06@5 45: Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas,
%Z 75; Green Peas, J4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The- feeling in Hay Is soft, on account of the
rain, but there is no decline. Bran is lower
and Middlings are easy.
BRAN— per ton. -
MIDDLINGS— SIBOM per ton.
FEED.STUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $24025 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $88 6U#» 50;
lobbing. $30; Cocoanut Cake. $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $25(&30 per ton; Corn Meal. $23 50
6>24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Chopped Feed,
$IS@l9. >■ - .-; . .- -
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $17019
per ton: Wheat and Oat, $16(^18; Oat. $14 50«
16 50: Barley, $1 16; compressed, ■ Jl« 50@18 50;
Alfalfa, HO 50(35-11 50; stock, $11©12; Clover,
$11-50@13: Nevada Timothy. $13 50@14 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
While there is no further change in Beans
they are very firm, ' and are ' being bought up
in large quantities by : speculators.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90©3 05: Small Whit"*.
$1 55@1 65; Large -Whites, $1 55@l 65: Pinks,
$2 6602 75; Reds, $2@2 25; Blackeye, «2 40(J}2 50;
Butters, $1 40 @ 1 50; "Limas, $; 15*52 25; Pea,
$1 ROSSI 55: Red Kidneys, $2 25*32 60 per ctl. .
SEEDS— M"stard, $2 75 ©3. per ctl:Ye>-
Mustard, }2©2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary Seed,
2V|ti-29ic per lb; Alfalfa, 3@Ca; Rape, 2@2%c;
Hemp. 8c; Timothy. 54c. 7 .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 40@l 65; Green, $2@
2 05 per ctl. ■ ,
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
The Potato market is weak and dull at the
decline under heavy stocks. Onions and Vege
tables are about the same.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65075 c; River Reds,
46® 50c; River Burbanka, 50<f£6Uo per. sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, sic(f<sl: Salinas Burbanks,
9ftc'(iJl 10; Petaluma Burbanks, 50066 c; Sweet
Potatoes, 2;.(1 i ."nc Per ctl for Rivers and 65cipjl
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes per lb.
ONION'S— S2 50©2 80 per ctl; Oregons, $2 6i<it
2 85' cut onions, i-ii'i -■> Per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 10@25c per lb;
Rhubarb, 10c per lb; Alameda Green Peas,
609 c per lb; Mushrooms, EAtOo; Marrowfat
Squash $25630 per ton; Dried Peppers, 6*o 7c
per lb; Dried Okra, 15c; Cabbage, 60(5,75c per
ctl; Carrots, 20#60e per sack; Garlic, 3f(?44c
Lob Angeles Green Peas. r>fi6e: String Beans.
10c- Tomatws. ll@l 25; Green Peppers, 20029 c
per lb; Summer Squash, ; Egg Plant, 20c
per lb- Hothouse Cucumbers, DOcfiJl per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES-
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
tbs; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; turnlp3,
25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Pigeons are doing better. The usual amount
of Eastern poultry Is expected this week.
To-morrow will be the last day of Quail and
Ducks in the Game market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S^lOc for Gob
blers and 9'fflOc for Hens: dressed Turkeys,
lligHc per lb; Geese per pair, U 25©1 R0; Gos
lings, $2 50*53; Ducks, $4@5 for old and $6 50<@
750 for young: Hens, ?3 50/jf4 ."0; Roosters,
young, $5 50f?« •'": Roosters, old, $3 50@4; Fryers,
$;, 6006; Broilers, 9506 50 for large and $3 50®
4 f-0 for small; Pigeons, $2@2 25 per dosen for
young and $1 25 for old.
GAMS— Quail, per dozen, fltfjl 25; Mallard.
$2 5068; Canvasback; $2 50(?fa 50; Sprig. $1 255!
$1 50; Teal, $1 K®l T,O; Widgeon, 75cf(,$l; Small
Pucks, DOc; (Iray Geese, $1 50; White, 50c;
Brant. -T'lc'-ifl; Hankers, $3; English Snipe,
$2: Jack Snip.', Jl; Hare. 75cff$l; Rabbits, $1®
1 25 for Cottontails a,nd $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND KGGS.
The stores are steadily loading up with ac
cumulating Butter and prices are lower, with
a further decline looked for during the com
: ing week.
There is no further change In Cheese or
| Eggs.
13UTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 22<g"2Sc; seconds,
20021 c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 19@20c; second
grades. 17Q IN'- per lb.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, lS@2oc; ladle
packed, ir/aiT':<- per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10c,; common to
good, S4j94c: Cream < 'heddar, lOiQ'llc; Young
America, logilc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 124
(8134 c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Egjs, :141913c per dozen; store
Eggs, lieiltfe.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The Orange market continues to Improve un
der lessening stocks and Lemons are also
steadier. There is no change in Limes and
Apples.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40^ 50c per box for common, 65(g$l
for good to choice and Jl 25 for fancy.
CRANBERRIES— $7£iS per bbl.
iITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. SI 50®
2 75; Seedlings. 75C091 51; Mandarins. $1 «? 1 GO for
large and 50®75c for rmall boxes; Grape Fruit,
:,"< hS 50 per box; Lemons, 7f.cftsl for com
mon and Jl 25fi2 for gon^ to choice: Mexican
Limes, J6; California Limes. In small boxes,
tOOMc; Bananas, $1 25^2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3<&4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
There was no further change yesterday.
Trade was dull, as usual on Saturday. •
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4V4@
4%c for 40-50' s, 3%®4i4c for 50-60' s, 3y,(gi3%c
for SO-70's. 2%®3'/ic for 70-80's. 2'i<g2%o for 80
.9o*s, l%(g'2>4c for 90-100's; Peaches. 2<4@4c;
! fancy, 4V<isc; peeled, lC@l2V4c; Apricots, s@6c;
for Royals and 7@7%c for good to iancy Moor-
I parks; Evaporated Apples, t>VfJ7*»c; sun-dried
■i V •".<•; black Figs, In sacks, 2<g2'jc; Plums
4'»ii|4»iC for pitted and l@l% 0 for unpltted'
: bleached Plums, s<fr'6V 4 e; Nectarines. 4(3'5c for
i prime to fancy: Pears, 2U"i4Uc for quarters
and 3185% c for halves, according to color etc
RAISINS— for two-crown, 3o for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4'^.c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%ic for Seedless Muscatels and Sl©
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes 2»^c
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c 'per
Ib; Walnuts. 6@6c for hardshell and 6®7c for
softshell; Almond B; ;2%ffi3!4c for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7irSc for paper-shell- Peanuts
4<Ss%c for Eastern and 4- ; for California'-
Pecans, 6^.j@Bc; Filberts, S^^lOc; Brazil Nuts
S©9o per Ib; Cocoanyts. $4 50^5 per 100
HONEY-New Comb, B@loc for bright "and 5®
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed. 4V4@sc; light amber extracted. 3\©4«io
BEESWAX— 23®2Sc per n>.
BEESWAX— 23^2SO per tt>.
PROVISIONS.
• I^ard is firm at the advance. The expected
rise in Bacon and Hams still hangs fire, though
dealers say that this market is under the
parity of the Eastern markets.
CURED ME ATS— Bacon, 9C9 C per It) for
heavy, 9^c for light .medium, lOVic for light
lie for extra light and 12^ c for sugar-cured •
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10u,@u c; Califor
nia Hams. 10c: Mess Beef. ?9 er bbl extra
mess, do, $10: family do, $U(fii2; Salt Pork
»9; extra prime Pork, $10: extra • olear; $18
mess. *16: Smoked Beef,. Il@i2c per Ib ■
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 6Hc per Ib
for compound and 7c for pure; pails 7«e-
California tierces, 5%c per ib for compound
and 6Hc for pure; half-barrels, . 6 % c; 10- b
tins, 717 1 c; do 5-lb, Be.
COTTOL.E-NE— Tierces. 6Vfcf?6*, c - rmcknir<w
less than W It-r-l-lh pails. 60 In a case ■ B%S :
3-11) palls, 20 in a case, S^c; 5-lb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-It> pails, • 6 in a case, 84c 1 80-lb
tins, one or two In a case, 7<S,c: wooden 'buck
ets. 20 lbs ne*. c,*c; fancy tubs, 80 tbs net 794c
half-bbls, about 110 lbs, 7^c_per Ib.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
lc . under- sour. .i slock. Heavy talf.-d steers/
10^4@llc; medium, »He; light. 5@9%c; Cawh'.des',
»<Sa'/iC; stags, 6@6^sc; salted Kip, 10c; ±*lt.
lie; dry Hides, 17@17Hc; culls and brands. 14 ' A
@14c; dry Kip and Veal, 14©15 c; dry Calf, 184*
2Uc; culls, 16®17c; Goatskins, 20®37%c encti-
Kids. 5(3>10c; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c
per Ib; medium. 20c; winter, lOc; Sheepskins,
I shearlings, 20&30 c each; short wool. 40@70c
I each;, medium, 70@90c; long wools, 00c@Il 30
each. v ■
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, IO3HC per Ib; No.
2, 24i % 2'4c; refined. Be; Grease, 2@2Vic. "
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free. " •■'• 10®
13c; do defective, 10®llc; San .loaquln, defect
ive, J®9c; Southern Mountain. 9«ilc; free
Northern. 12@l»c; do defective, 9if?llc- Hum
bold t and Mendoclno. 13ffi;inc; Eastern Oregon
9?M3c: > Valley Oregonf IWISc. . .:--■
HOPS— OId crop, 2<S'6c for poor to fair and SQ
10c for 'good; new crop. 11014% c per Ib. r
' GENERAL MERCHANDISE. .
.'Prices for Wool and Calcutta Bags are nomi
nal, as there Is nothing doing. ■ - • ..: ■
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30. '".•' '-
COAL— Wellington. $10 per ton; New Wel
lington,. $10; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50: Coos
Bay, $5 75; Wallsend. $9; Scotch, $10; Cumber
land. $10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg. $I.'>: Cannel. 5 $10 per ton;
Rock . Springs. Castle: Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, vs7 60; Coke. $12. per ton .. in bulk and $14
In sacks. , ■ ' .; ; :. . ..,•■.
RlCE— Chinese mixed.' $4' MQ4 !?; per otl ;
No. 1. $4 50®4 SO; extra No. l, $s<?fs 20: Ha
waiian $4 75; Japan. $4 ;90@5; Rangoon, $4®
i 25. Ik ■• ~~'- r - ■■■■■- * " *•--•■■ ■:--■'-.,■ ■■■';-.
SUGAR— The Western ; Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes : terms net cash ; - ; Cube .■ Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c; ; Powdered, 6%c; Dry,
Granulated. - 5%c: Confectioners' A, b\c; Mag
nolia ■-, A. 5%c; , Extra C, s«c;' Golden C. 5%c:
Candy Granulated. 5%c: California A. 5%c per
lb; i half ; barrels ,%c more , thaii ; barrels, and
boxes %c more. ■ -
6AN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There was no further advance In Pork yes-
terday, and In fact the packers are beginning
to rebel against the ruling prices, raying that
they compel them to ask prices for Dressed
Pork that consumers will not pay. The other
descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%37c; second do, 5%@
6c; third do, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6®6Uc; sm^H, 7K7%c per tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, VvbfSc; Ewes, 7@7%c
per IT>.
LAMB— Spring. 12Ue per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4Uc fr.r large. 4UtfT4%c
for small and 4«4c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3%c; dressed Hogs, 6<S 7c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, February 26.
Flour, qr sks ... 22,386 ! Raisins bxs 120
Wheat, ctls 245 Wine, gals 39.700
Barley, ctls 1.815 Brandy, sals ... 2,623
Oats, ctls 3SO Leather, rolls ... 77
Cheese, ctls 53 Quicksilver, flsk.- 93
Butter, ctls T.3S Hay. tons 441
Beans, sks 55 Straw, tons 13
Potatoes, sks ... 2.90<i Wool, bales 16
Onions, sks 45 Lime, bbls SI
Bran, sks 832 i Eggs, doz 17,670
Middlings, sks .. 485 1 Pelts, bdls 90
Shorts, sks 100 i Hides, no 437
OREGON.
Oats, ctla 3SO ; Potatoes, Bks ... 457
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2,00n 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
The close of the week found mining stocks
lower than at the opening ami dull.
Local securities were active for Saturday
and Hawaiian Commercial said briskly at $30
@30 50 and Oceanic Steamship sold up to $59.
The Savage delinquent sale takes place to
morrow.
An official telegram from the Consolidated
California and Virginia yesterday stated that
the output of the mine last week amounted
to 24 tons of ore, of the average assay value
of $32 87 per ton.
The annual meeting of the Standard Con
solidated Mining Company will be held on
Monday. .
The Fox directors of the Hale & Norcross
Mining Company have called an annual meet
ing of the stockholders for March 9.
The Geary Street, Park and Ocean Railroad
Company will pay a monthly dividend <>f 50
cents to-morrow.
The Marguerite Gold Mining and Milling
Company of Placer County has levied an as
sessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
April 6.
The Hip Seven Mining Company of Montana
has declared a dividend amounting to $3000,
payable March 1.
The following Colorado mining companies
will pay dividends March 1: LilHe Gold, lc, or
$90oO; Victor, 25c, or $50,000; Raven, lc. or $15,
000; Moon-Anchor, 2>~c, or $15,000, March 2.
The Gold Coin Mining Company of Colorado
paid a dividend of 1 cent per share, amount
ing to JIU.OOu, on the 25th.
The directors of the Pacific Bank have de
clared a dividend of 5 per cent, payable on
Monday, February 28. This bank went into
liquidation in June, 1893. and this is the sev
enth dividend declared in the liquidation of its
obligations to depositors.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Feb. 26.-10:30 a. m.
Bld.Aak. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 50' i 52%
4s quar c0up. .113% — Pac Gtut Imp.. 90% 91 14
4s quar reg..H2si — Pac L. Co 54V. 55%
4s quar new. ..125 — SF G & E.... 80% 91%
Miscellaneous. — San Fran 3*4 —
Cal-st Cab 55.115 Vi — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Cal El 6s 126% — Insurance —
C C Wat 65. .101%103 Firenra Fnd...195 —
Dup-st ex c — usVs Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .123' — Anglo-Cal .... 64 —
l> &Ch Ry 65. 119 — Bank of Ca1... 245 —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Oal SD & T.. — 99
HC & S 5%. .105 — First Nat ....200 —
LAL Co 81.. - 100 I-on P & A. ..132% — '
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Mer Exchnge.. — 15
Market-st 6s. .12C-il2!>% Nev Nat B. ..152% —
Do Ist M 05.H5%116Vi Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1865
N C Ngßy 75.101%103% Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 6a..111Vi — Mutual Say. 35 40
N Ry Cal 55.. 102 — S F Say U.. 470 —
NPC R R 6s. 104% — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry ss. 100% — Secnrltv S B 250 —
N Cal R 6s..—' — Union T Co 925 1050
Oak Gas 55... 104 - Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55.. — 112 California ....107% —
Otn Ry 6s 129%— Geary 40 —
P &. O 6s 110 115 Market-st B% 54
P&Ch Ry 65.105X4 — Oak SL& H. — —
Powell-st 65...11 ft% — Presidio — 10
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac Elecßyßs. — 100 California . 1..105 —
SF& X P 55. 106 106^ E Dynamite .. — fO
S P of Ar C 5.,103 103' i Giant Con Co. 42»i 43
S P Cai 65.... 110 — Vigorit 3% 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. — 9»'.'. Miscellaneous—
S P Br 6s 112 IVPA A Pac Assn.. 97 97<4
S V Wat 65. ..120 121 Ger Ld \Yks..loo 150
S V Wat t0.. .103 K>3'- Haw PI C 0... 20 —
Stock Gas 65. .100 103*4 H C & S Co.. 30% —
Water Hutch S P Co. 42% 42%
Contra Costa.. 57% 64 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co .... 50 - Nat Yin C 0... — IM,
Spring Val ..101%101Vi Oceanic S Co. 58% 59
Gas & Electric- Pac A F L... 1% —
Cent Gaslight. 98% — Pac Bor C 0 ... 95%100
MELCo 14 144 Par Paint Co. 7 —
MORNING SESSION.
65 Alaska, Packers' Association.. ..; 97 00
20 Giant Powder Con ~... :. 42 50'
30 do do ....42 75
60 ' do ' do 43 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 30 00
340 do • do 30 50
100 do -do. 30 3714
150 do do ' b 5..... 30 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 42 75
200 Market-street Railway 54 00
100 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
l'.O do do :... 68 87%
50 do do 58 75
30 Pacific Gas Imp 9100
ISO Spring Valley Water ...101 25
11000 S P of A Bonds 103 25
$1000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 25
Street—
25 Oceanic Steamship Co, , b 10 58 50
i 125 do do 58 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session— lo:3o.
10 Spring Valley Water....:...-. 101 12V4
30 do do ' - 10125
10 Market-street 54 12H
200 Vigorit Powder, s 60 3 75 ;
Street—
20 Giant Powder : 42 62'^
60 Hawaiian C & S C 0.......... 29 75..
Highest prices of stocks during the week. .'
Name of Stock. I M. I T. |W. | T. | F. | S.
Alpha ;.. 04J.... 05 05 03 -04
Alta .... 18 18 17 19
Andes 13.... 11 11 11 12
Belcher ..:...: •'• 28.... 25 23 25 25
Best & 8e1cher........'. 45!.... •41 39 >40 39
Bullion 07:.... 07 06 07 •07
Caledonia .... 31 SO 33 33
Challenge 30.... 29 <■ 25 26 '30
Chollar ••• 37 .... .36 35 33 37
Con. Cal. &Va .... 89 S6 90 89
Confidence " — 70 67 to 65
Crown Point ........... 17 .... 13 12 13 15
Gould & Curry 26 ..;. •22 20 1 19 1 • 20
Hale & Norcross 1 65 — 1 50 1 50 1 55 1 50
Mexican : :...... 3.1!.... 3? '33 34 33
Ophlr "....:........•..•• 56.... 50 491 49 49
Overman •"••• 07 .... OS 06 06 12
Ocldental 1 50 .... 1 5011 50 1 55 1 55
Potosi.. .... 20 18 M -21
Savage .........•......— 28!.... 27 26 27 26
Pet? Belcher '05 .... 04 031 03 03
Standard ...•• 160 .... l 60 155 1 CO 1 60
Sierra Nevada 100.... jtA 9911101110
UntOT •••• 33.... 371 361 37i 38
Utah 12.... 10 10 111 11
Yellow Jacket ■■■■ 26 23 23 26
. MINING STOCKS. -•■..-■ ,i
Following -were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board- yesterday:' . ■;•-;.: 2
Morning Session— ' ■ . V ■
50 Andes 12 "60 Mexican .'. 33
150 Con Cal & Va.. 87 200 Ophir, ............ 49
10 - ■ ':'.■.......: 86 900 Overman ■ 12
100 Gould & Curry- • 19 400 Potosi 19
200 Justice ..41 200 ;. ; 20
100 : 42 100 Sierra Nevada.. l 05
300 '.'.'.'. •■••" 3'3 ' •
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: "^ : '■';'?■?
Morning Session— , . ...
400 Alta IS 300 Ophir 49
300 Belcher •-.. 25 1500 Overman ........' 12
200 Caledonia- .'. 84 300 ...........12%
500 Challenge : 81 400 ...... ........ 13
300Choilar .......... 37 500 Potosi ;.... 20
300 Con Cal & Va.. 8S 300 . 21
900 Con New York.. 02 700 5avage' ........;. 27
800 Crown Point ... 14 400 ..........:....... 25
600 Gould & Curry. 20 400......... v 26
3(10 Hale & Norcrs.l 65 400 Scorpion .., 03
200 Justice .....37 1500 S B & M....... 04
200 • 38 900 Union Con ...... 37
200 ■■■;;■. ••• ■ 40 :ioo Utah •...■...:...... 11
600 Mexican ........ 33 1 800 Yellow Jacket.. 26
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ' -
SATURDAY.; Feb. 26— IZ.nt; '
Alpha . 03 04 Julia .....; 02 03
AHa 18 1* Justice ,4.6 -47
Andes' •• 10 12 Kentuck ....... 02. 03
Belcher ........ 25 26 Lady Wash .... — .03
Best & Belchr. 3S 3? Mexican ....... 33 34
8ent0n; :.:..."• — 'I Occidental .....1 55 —
Bullion ......... 07 OS Ophir. ...:; 4$- 50
Caledonia ...... 33' 34 Overman .....:. 12 V,
Chollar ........ 37 38 Potosi .......... 19 20
Con Cal& Va. 86 •87 Savage ......... 25 26
Challenge ....:. i30i 30 •: — Seg Belcher.... 03 '04
Con imperial '..'l— .01 Scorpion 05 —
Confidence 65 — Sierra Nevada. l 05 110
Crown Point .. 14 16 Silver Hill .... 03 .04
Oori New York. 02 . 03 Syndicate".:..:. 01 •' —
EureKa ......... — . 25 Standard : ......1 60 165
pvrheaucr .... 03 *04 Union Con ....".- 37' '38
Gould & Curry. 11 ' ! 21 t'tnh ; . . : ..; .... : • 10 '•■ 1 1
Hale & Norcrs.l 50 1-55 ; Yellow^ Jacket. 25 26
BBAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
Jacob Levi Pr. to Timothy L. Barker, lot on
R line Fourteenth street, 100 W of Washing-
ton W 60 by S 100. Mock IS9, Oakland: $10.
Timothy L. and Mary S. Barker to E. G.
Vinzent, "same, Oakland; $10.
E. G. Vinzent to Theodore Gler, same, Oak
land- $10.
Timothy L. and Mary S. Barker to Jacob
Levl Sr lot on SW corner Broadway and
Ninth street, S 100 by W. 160, block g», Oak
land; $11.
A. J. and Sophie M. 3nyder to Lottie E.
Be wen, lot on S line Jones ctrfet, SBQ W of
Telegraph avenue, W 30 by S 100, being portion
Corrected Map Jones Tra'ot, Oakland: $in.
S. R. and Helen B. Van Wyck to Clara Har
ris, lot 3, block E, Boulevard Heights, h^ins
a resubdivision of plats 4, 5. 7 to 13. of 33 acre
tract, and plats 14, 15 and 5 of Watson Tract,
East Oakland: JlfiOO.
R. L. Potter to Frank Van Wyck, same, quit
claim, deed. East Oaklapd; $9.
Clara Harris to same, same, East Oakland;
HO. ■
James W. Rowland to Gsorglan.i de Rohan,
lots 3 to 13, 22, 24, 25 and 26, block 65, lots 3,
4 and 5, block 66, lots 11 to 16, block So, lota
3. 5 to, 8, block 84, lots 3, 4, M pn(l2P. block
77. Tract B, Berkeley L. and T. I. Association,
Berkeley; also lots 15, 16,- 17, 21 and 22,
block -35, same; gift.
Nellie Kershaw to William H. RoQSMI, lot
on N lie of San Jone avenue. 100 E of Walnut
street, E 50 by N I.A' Alameda: fl".
THE PENSION FRAUDS.
The question of pension fraud* con
tinues to attract the attention of the
prt-Ba, but there is not much evidence
t>iat Congressmen are greatly disturbed
ovei the matter. That certain upyjli
cants for pensions are worried, how
ever, was shown last week by the com
munication which the Weekly publish
ed from a "brave defender of the na
tion,", whose sixty days' exertions as a
guard at a railroad junction in Mary
land made him deaf. The other
clay the World gave a list of cases in
which disbarment and other penalties
had been inflicted on pension- attorneys.
They show how these pension sharks
work. Some of them-rob the pensioner
of most of hia pension,, relying some
times for the silence of the latter or) the
frauds of which they have been joint
ly guilty. Others have forged signa
tures to applications and the names of
officials; manufactured false affidavits;
blackmailed dishanest pensioners, ob
tained pensions for unmarried women
on the allegation that they w%re sol
diers' widows ; collected money on
vouchers for soldiers who were dead;
and connived with examiners at false
ratings. These are characteristic
crimes of some of the men who have
done most to make it necessary to ap
propriate this year $140,000,000 for pen
sions. The New York Sun began print
ing the list of pensioners a few days
ago. Within a day it was discovered,
by neighbors of an old soldier who was
dead, his wife being also dead, that
seme one was still collecting his pen
sion. Could there be better evidence of
the advantage of publishing these lists?
— Harper's Weekly.
Rejane having captivated Berlin with
"Madame Sans-Gene," the Germans
have discovered that Marshal Lefebre's
wife was a German, daughter of the
Wurtemberg Sergeant Danzel, and
born at Honenasperg. Lefebre married
her when he was a mercenary at Stutt
gart. ____^___^__
THE CALL CALENDAR.
iSu.
Mo
We
Moon' 3 Phases.
!
I 7
1
6
©Full Moon,
I V*/ Feb 6. •
I (Kr Last Quarter
V& . Feb. 14.
f^\ New Moon,
W. Feb. 20.
v
21
28
15
IT
16
23
17
34
n
35
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Intertst ro "v ■ an commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. Wi P. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point. Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FEBRUABY-1898.
Sunday. February 27.
Sun rises Kt43
Sun 6ets I:W
Moon sets 0:25
w» nt |Time
,'L W
Tlmei Feel | Time
H Wl iL W
5:10
L W
Ml Vl.Qb
4.5| 1:08
H \V
3 6 6:IS
■6-b 7:21
3.2 8:17
3.1 9:08
V.V.
9:U
L W
1:55
3:10
3:44
9.a
3.:
0.6
(1.4
0.3
10: IV
a w
10:1*
10:29
1O:4U
a.5
_
4.1
4.5
4.:
1
2
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractive from
the d?v>th given by the charts.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMER
iineiie. . . .
idem.
ire
Bay
or Cai
>tt
reso
er
Seattle
Yaquina Bay
Coos Bay
Newport
Poruana
Huuiboldt
Seattle
Newport
China and Japan
Panama
San Diego
Mexico ........
Victoria A Puret Sna.
Coos Bay
ttuniDoiut
Portland . .„
27
V
28
28
as
28
• 1
1
1
1
2
3
3
4
i
*
ulco
ana
iba.....
cilia ..." ..
ta
h ForK. • . -
Tioia
i Roua
SI i oioi 0 \ M I •; R S TO SAIL.
:ation
Saii.b.
moos.
ncia...
Bay..
of Cal
iWlla
i
a. ...
Fork
Rosa
ort. ..
lent. .
lllllllDOKlt
Coos Bay
Humboidt
San Dieero
Panama
YiiQiiina-Bay.
A1a5ka........
Alaska
Newport,
Portland .
Vie & P Sound
Humbldt Bay.
ChlnuitJapan
Humboldt |
San Diego....
Alaska .......
Portland I
Alaska I
Feb 2:. 9am
Feb 27. 10 AM |
Feb 27. -9 am
Feb 28; 11 ill
Feb 28, 12 m '
Fob 28. 1 pm!
Mar • 1. 5 p>i
Mar 1, 2pm
Mar 2.' HAM
Mar 2. 10 am
Mar 2. 10 AM
Mar 2. 9 AU
Mar 3, 1 pm
Mar 3. 10 am
Mar 4. 11 am
Mar- 5 ..:...
Mir "6. 10 AM
Mar :.•■ 7. 4 PM
| Pier is
i Pier 2
Pier H
>PM SS
jPler 3
■ ....
I Pier 9
Pier 11
i Pier 24
I Pier 9
Pier 13
jPM S3
! Pier V
Pier 11
jpYer ii
>tt
1 type-king
I omer
0m0na... .
ulton
via..
1.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
26, IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. 6. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in cnarge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, February 26.
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg. 24 hours from Albion.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 4^ days from
Comnx.
Stmr Santa Ro«?a, Alexander. 60% hours fm
San Diego and way port*
Bark Alden Besse, Potter, 21 days frm Hono
lulu.
Schr Mermaid, Anderson, from sealing cruise.
CLEARED.
Saturday, February 26.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, February 26.
Stmr Bonlta. Nicolson, San Pedro..
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria.
Stmr Cresc«nt <* a-, Stockfleth, Hoqulam.
Btmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoclno.
Bark Se'minole. Taylor. Seattle.
Br bark Cloch, Mountt, Cape Town.
Bktn Gardiner City, Masters, Grays Harbor.
Schr Enterprise Engwersen.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen. Fort Bragg.
Schr' Occidental, Brandt, Eureka.
Schr S Danlelson, Nelson.
Schr Pioneer, Mlkltelsen, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 26. 10 p. m— Weather
cloudy; wind, SE; velocity, 1C miles.
CHARTERS:
The R P Rithet and S C Allen load mdse for
Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
p ec 14 s 120 \V. lir ship Sierra Eatrella,
from Snn Diego lor yueenstmvn.
No date— ii 419 S .'7 19 W. Br ship Verbena,
from Portland for Queenstown.
Der 16—7 S 120 W. Br bark Inverosk, hence
Oct 31 for Q'jeer.stown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Feb 26— Br ship Cromdale. hence
Oct 2, grounded when entering port, but has
since got off nml arrived at Limerick; makes
no water; mv.st go into drydock.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 26— Schr Marie E
Smith, for Pan Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Homer, hnc
Feb 25.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 25— Bktn W.illie R
Hume, for San Francisco; schr Louise, for
Ump(iua.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Cleveland,
from Dyea; stmr Excelsior, hence Feb 22; stmr
Humboldt, hence Feb 22.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Feb 23— Schr Bella, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sniled Fftb 2<s— Schr Mabel
Gray, fo* Eurtka: Isc-hr Jessie Minor, for Eu
reka; scTlr Lena SV nsey, 'or Seattle.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 21— Br ship Indian
Empire, for Queenstown; Br ship Roby, for
Queenstown.
Arrived Feb -5 —Br ship Orontes, from
Sydney.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr Protection,
for Seattle.
TATOOSII-Passed Feb 2G-Shlp Bohemla.fm
Departure Bay for S:in Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Feb 86— Ship St
Nicholas, from Departure Bay for San Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH— Tassed Feb 20— Bark B P Cheney,
from Tacoma for San Francisco; Chil bark La
tona. from Port Blakeley for Guayaquil.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 26— Schr John A. h<j
Feb 24.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb 26— Tug
2o)lis.
CASPAR— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr Jewel, for San
Pedro.
EASTERN POrtT:?.
NEW YORK— Sailed F"b 26-Stmr Leelanaw.
for Baltimore and San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOTTH- Arrived Feb 25-Oer shiß.
Flottbek, from Portland for Qunenstown.
ANTWERP— failed Feb 23— Br ship Aleld^s.
for San Francisco, and passed Dungenesa Feb
25.
PALMOVTH- Arrived Feb 25— Rr bark For
farshire, hence Sept 24.
SANTOS— SaII.-d Feb 4-Schr Stowell Sher
man, from Boston lor San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 25— Br stmr Algo
nla, from Java.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Massachu*
setts, for London; stmr I'ruiipania, tor Liver
pool; stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for Hamburg;
stmr Ems, for Naples; stmr Amsterdam, fof
Rotterdam; stmr Prussia, for Hamburg; stmr
Furneasla, for Glasgow.
Arrived Feb 2G— Stmr Rotterdam, from Rot
terdam.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Feb 26 — Stmr St
Paul, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Cevic. fop
New York.
Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Bovtc. from New York.
QUEEXSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr Pemx
land, for Philadelphia.
HAVRE— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr La Gascogne,
for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr "Weimar, for
New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL-^-Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Lucanla,
for New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Feb 20-Stmr Phoenicia,
for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Siberian,
from New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Feb 26— Stmr Kensington,
for New York.
SPECULATORS!
My many past successes will now
I be increased due to some new important
connections with inside interests which I
• have made. lam now prepared to offer
. unexcelled inside information .on the
Stock Market and investments of $100
and over through me will almost posi-
tively make $1000 during the next
sixty days. Those that want to make
quick profits should ' send remittances
immediately.' " ' . :■■; , ..;•
BAMUEII SCOTT, 6 Will Bt., New York.
(»x»xsex»x»xg>(«x«xs@^^
OCEAN TRAVEL. „.:• °4\ -„
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP" CO. ,° .
Steamers leave Broadway . wharf, >S^y :
San Francisco: . ' ttssSaX .
For Alaskan ports,. 10 a. m., March 2, 7, 12,
17, 22, 27, April L Transferred at Seattle. ,
For Alaskan ports (from Spear street
wharf). 10 a. m.. March 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, .26,
30. Transferred at Portland, Or. ■ • •
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and »
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7,
12, 17, 22, 27. and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam- „
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacom* with
N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay),' 10- a. m.,
' March 3. 9, 15, 21, 27, and eve ry| sixth day
thereafter.
For Santa . Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, ■
Cayucos, " Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. ' Ventura, Hu»neme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an<t
Newport, 9 a. m., March 2. 6. .10, 14, 14, 22, 20,
30. and every fourth day thereafter. =' . , , .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- »
ford (San Luis Oblppo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo. (Los Angeles), .11
a. m., March 4, 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter. . ■ ..
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Sun Jose del
.Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas,,, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.), 10 a. -. m., March 8, g
April 3, and 2d of each' month thereafter. .-
The company reserves the right to l change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
anil hour* of sn.lilnr.' ■■ < • /■' > tf ■■■
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery street.
. GOODALL. " PERKINS & • CO. , Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street, • San ■ Francisco.
THE OR. & N. CO. :
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS -<TO "•
PORTLAND
. From Spear-street i Wharf at 10 a. m. ,
PAPP *12 First Class Including Berth
TAKE ffB Second Class * nd Meals -
; ' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: ' ■*.
Columbia Feb. 26, Mar. 6, 14. 22, 30
State of California....! Mar. 2. 10, 18, 2«
. .•-■;.•; First Class. Second Class.
St. Paul ."......... J3700 ' »26 00
Chicago J..... ;..J4380 ■-.'• • $32 50 .
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent, ,
630 Market •*. ,
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
 . - ..-■■ - ; Superintendents. - • - •
.^CH^dimSlßßffll S. S. 'ZEALANDIA.
' HONOLULU only.
■ ij'W'fc * Saturday, March 12,. at
PHmailllP !p ' m ' SpeclaJ party
F sSfllllt ff ' r HONOLULU only.
•^■■'■■•satunlay, March 12. at
y "--^^ 2 p. m. Special party
K^wißSfr^ni^flin^ ra The S. S. .MOANA
(yluJllUlliy pans via Honolulu and
'(CBB^ ' /nlflßfWH- Auckland for Sydney
Cjsy^ ••■ \ii'»f'J'' w 9 Wednesday. March 23,
-' at 2 p. m. . •'. • . - v
- Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and. CAPE
T V D N 'sPRECKELS a BROS. CO.. Agents. ''
, ,;' u :^~- , . Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco. |
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
French Line to Havre. "••.•:
Company's Pier (new) 42 : North f'-^ff^aa*
River foot of Morton st. Traveler* <iJuXJ> h
by this line avoid both ■ transit by •=»*»
Fnell«h railway and the discomfort or crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,, first class $160; »
second class $116. , ; .■'■ "'"•;■' '"*'**■
LA°BRETAGNE. ......March 5.10 a. m.
LA GA5C0GNE. ........... .'...March 12. 10 a. m.
LA'NORMANDIE.-.'......-.....:March IS.. K. a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 26. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE .....April; 2, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to - •
" r , A. FORGET, Agent,-
■ ' No 3, Bowling Green, New York.
' J. F. FT'GAZI & CO., .Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. Sari Francisco. ' : "• '. ; ■ ' "*"
~~ STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier '; No. 3. Washington St.. at 8
• p. m. Daily. -- ■
' FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved By telephone. '.' r
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through" freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad. '«,-.' -■•v.- * •.-.
v y >- , STEAMERS: -°«.'
T C.WALKER. . CITY OF STOCKTON.
MART GARRATT, uJ. D. PETERS^, " - c : -
' Telephone* Main SO5. Cal. way. and Irapt. Co.
For Sao Jose, Los Qatos & . Santa Cruz
Steamer. Alviso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays,
excepted) at 10 a. m.; Aiviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Aiviso. 60c;
to San Jo*!, 75c. " Clay street, Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose. " f " " • '■ •- • * ;r; r-
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. .
'..' Steamer " Monticeilo" ■
Will He lo receive new J?oiier; and? general
i overhauling •on February 1, . and • resume hat
i route ; on March V HATCH BROS.
1 - ■ ••■■■•■.,■■■■,-■■._.-•- ■ . • .:,-■■_■■.■■- -■■;■ ; ■"..; r ;■. f
3132
MAY IMITATE
OUR SYSTEM
American High School a
Model for Eng
land.
Professor Brown Traces the
History of Secondary
Education.
Adverse Criticism by a University
• Ped«go£rue on Present Methods
of Teaching Literature.*
In a lecture at Berkeley yesterday
morning to a class of active and pros
pective teachers, Professor Elmer E.
Broxvn ventured to forecast the de
velopment of secondary schools ln Eng
land. "Our poor mother country," he
l": said, "has not yet risen to the idea of
the American high school, that Is a
high school for each county, because ln
the past England has achieved such
success with her town and city sec
ondary schools; but It ls more or less
■ probable that England will follow iv
our footsteps."
Continuing his historical study of
eecondary education Professor Brown
traced the transition from the old
grammar school to the academy and
college. The movement was discussed
in the educational history of Mary
land. The extending of State aid to
colleges, and the rise of the university
idea, toward the close of the last cen
tury, marked a great change. For
the first quarter of the present cen
tury, the greater part of this State aid
•Was given to the academies rather than
to the colleges. All the while a de
mand was growing Tor the pushing of
education still lower; this was the rirst
Indication of a demand for State sup
ported primary education. This was
riot fully realized, however, until many
.years later.
; In Massachusetts a system of State
pispvisjon for academies began before
the old grammar schools had disap
peared and continued until after the
of the modern high
. schools. This temporary development,
from a system approximately similar
: to. the present system of public sup
:port; to a system of private initiative
dpnstitutes an exception to the general
! course of development which has pre
vailed in this country, from private
Initiative to public support.
The speaker summarized the his
tory of State aid to secondary educa
tion in the colonial times by s-tating
.that only six of the original thirteen
; Btates^-Xew York, Georgia, Virginia,
.. Maryland, Massachusetts and Pennsyl
vania— gave such support.
.'VMr. T. L. Heaton dwelt upon the ne
cessity of making a change in the
present method of teaching literature
In the schools. "The best method of
studying a play of Shakespeare's, for
j example," he said, "would be to take
■ the. children to see it played. Th«=r> n
■ ; close critical study of the play should
■;be- made and after this is completed
the class should see it played again. I
have been able on several occasions to
test this method by taking a class to
see a play acted by good actors, ana
! the results have been most gratifying.
If this plan la impracticable the teacher
:Bhould: Bhould first read the play, which is a
matter of no little difficulty. After a
.. bareful critical study, parts should then
. be assigned to the pupils, and the play
: ih.ould be reread. The study of the play
should be preceded by a brief outline
by the teacher and a few question*
aimed rather to arouse interest than
to-, obtain information. Too much
Jtttehtion is paid in the high schools to
diagraming and parsing, to analyzing
figures of speech and trying to discover
just why Shakespeare did thus and so.
?uch a method is entirely wrong. The
imagination of the child should be ap
pealed to, for literature appeals di
rectly to the imagination. At present
m our schools we are appealing too
much to the eye, or rather too little to
the ear. The nature study as at pres
ent carried on in the schools, while it
educates the eye, neglects the ear."
CANADIAN PACIFIC
CASTS THE GANTLET
Gives Notification That To-
Day It Will Start Cutting
Local Rates.
Th» Matter One of Retaliation Thai
Is Likely to In-volve All
trie Roads.
Tha war of rates which has been in j
•xistence for several days in the territory '
of the three northern lines has at last .
reached this city, and no doubt will soon ]
Involve the Southern Pacific as well as
the other lines.
Thursday the Canadian Pacific an- j
nounced that commencing on Saturday ;
they would make a $40 rate from San |
Francisco to New York, via Victoria, !
first-class, and $30 second-class. This rate •
1b $2 lower on first-class tickets than the
fare to New York, via Portland, over ;
the O. R. and N. and Northern Pacific, >
and $39 lower first-class and $37 50 lower
second-class than the rates In vogue over
the Canadian Pacific before the com- j
mencement of the war.
M. M. Stern, general agent of the Can- j
adlan Pacific in this city, said that at the ;
Inception of the war the Canadian Pacific '
made a rate of $40 and $30 on through tray- i
el from Eastern points to its Puget Sound j
terminals. This cut was met by the two i
other northern lin-js, and it was under- I
Btood that San Francisco was not to be j
Interfered with, but the war was to be i
confined to the territory further north.
The Canadian Pacific, while refusing to
advertise a cut rate from this city, learn- I
ed that the other lines were constantly j
breaking their tacit agreement and sell- !
Ing tickets on through travel from tliis
city to eastern points on the reduced \
schedule pertaining on the northern ]
lines. As remonstrance proved of no avail,
it was finally decided to take the present I
step in the way of retaliation and cut
everything all along the line. The $40 and
$30 rates, which will go into operation to- j
morrow, will carry trafnc from here to
Victoria by the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's vessels, where connection will ;
be made with the Canadian Pacific.
Vice-President Stubbs of the Southern !
Pacific absolutely declined to express any ]
opinion on the probable action that will j
be taken by his company, as the meeting
of the managers of the various trafnc as
sociations which was to be held in Chi
cago was postponed till yesterday, and on
the result of that conference depends the
ultimate action of the road. lie did say,
however, that he understood that the
Southern Pacific was going to petition the
Interstate Commerce Commission to sus
pend the long and short haul clause; and
if that is done the other roads will be
given all the fight they want.
Chris Kirketerps Estate.
The estate of the late Christian Klrke
terp has been appraised at 548,490 85. It
consists of real and personal property, all
fitu&ted In this city.
FOUGHT TWO
EX-CONVICTS
William Madden and
Joseph Nablet, Alias
Joulet, Arrested.
They Attempted to Brain Po
liceman Barnes With an
Iron Bar.
Suspected of Being Implicated in
Recent Burglaries in the
Western Addition.
Owing to the numerous burglaries ln
the Western Addition the policemen ln
that district have been receiving spe
cial Instructions to keep a sharp look
out for any suspicious characters and
to arrest them unless they could give
a satisfactory account of themselves.
About ten days ago Policemen Mul
cahey and Burkholder arrested Andy
Johnson in the early hours of the.
morning, and when searched a murder
ous looking weapon was found ln his
possession. It consisted of a solid
piece of Iron about five inches long
and two Inches in circumference, and
was bound with leather. Attached to
It was a leather handle and a blow
from the weapon would have crushed
In a man's skull. He was convicted
of carrying a concealed weapon and
ls now serving six months in the Coun
ty Jail.
About 4 o'clock yesterday morning
Policeman Barnes saw two men acting
in a suspicious manner In the vicinity
of Jackson and Devisadero streets. As
he approached them they began to
walk rapidly away in the opposite di
rection. Barnes called upon them to
stop and one of them wheeled round
and threw a piece of iron bar at him.
Barnes saw the missile coming and
dodged in time to save himself from
being felled to the ground.
Barnes drew his revolver and threat
ened to shoot if they did not stop.
This had the desired effect upon them
and they decided to come to a halt.
Barnes covered them and managed to
put the handcuffs on them. "When
searched a "jimmy" was found In one's
pocket and several skeleton keys in
the other's. They were sent to the
City Prison In the patrol wagon and
were put on the "small book" pending
further investigation.
They gave their names as William
Madden and Joseph Nablet. They were
recognized yesterday by several de
tectives as ex-convicts. Nablet's true
name Js Joulet, and he is considered
a most dangerous crook. The men
will be detained untjl it can be seen if
some of the people whose houses have
been enterd by burgiars by the- use of
a "Jimmy" can identify them. If not
they will be charged. with having burg
lars' tools in their possession. •
The police believe that Madden and
Joulet are the two men who broke
twice into the residence of Mrs. Han
r-ock, 1836 Turk street, two or three
weeks ago and carried off a large quan
tity of silverware and other articles of
value. :
LAW AND JUSTICE.
The Supreme Court Releases Mrs.
Long and Her Daughter.
The Justices of the Supreme- Court yes
terday gave a decision in a case of habeas
corpus by which they combined both law
and justice. Some time ago Mrs. S. C.
Long and her daughter, who reside In
Riverside, were indicted by the Grand
Jury, the charge being perjury. When
the case went to trial the defendants en
tered a demurrer by which they showed
that the indictment was faulty "and con
sequently inoperative. This was sus
tained by the Judge of the Superior
Court, but the latter put his foot into a
muss by directing the prisoners to be re
turned to the custody of the Sheriff, to
await the action of the next Grand Jury.
The Judge did give them the privilege of
depositing $200 bonds each, which they
were unable to give. The hardship this
order worked upon the accused will be
understood when It is known that the
next Grand Jury will not meet until some
time next fall, and ther<> was nothing for
the two women to do under the order but
to stay in Jail for many months.
Through their attorney they made ap
plication to the Supreme Court for a writ
of habeas corpus, and the Justices, on
learning the facts, immediately directed
the Sheriff to release the prisoners. Hpto
arose another difficulty, for the women
had been brought to this city, and they
were without means of getting back to
their home. The Sheriff was desirous of
having the order of discharge made out
at once, but those in the court, knowing
the helpless condition of the women, told
him that the order would be mailed to
him, and he was thus obliged to take the
women back to their home.
WALLER DID NOT PLEAD.
Argument on the Accused School Di
rector's Demurrer Will Be Heard
Next Saturday.
School Director Samuel L. Waller did
not plead yesterday to the Indictment
charging him with having offered to ac
cept a bribe from Eli T. Sheppard on the
understanding that in return he would
appoint the latter's daughter to a posi
tion in the School Department. .When the
case was called in Judge Cook's court
Attorney Peter F. Durihe, who represents
the accused, moved the court to dismiss
the indictment on the ground that it was
illegal. The point raised on which the
motion was based was that the Indict
ment was Illegal for the , reason that
Grand Jurors A. F. Price and A. W.
Spear, who are not on the assessment
roll, were prvsent when the lndfcment
was found. "Under the statute," said
Mr. Dunne, "the participation of any per
son other than the lawful Jurors and the
District Attorney in the finding of the in
dictment is fatal to the validity of the
proceeding." Judge Cpolf said that Judge
Belcher had already decided that Price
and Spear were lawful members of the
Grand Jury, and in consequence he would
overrule the motion. Dunne then took
another technical tack and .filed a gen
eral demurrer to the indictment, alleging
that it did not state an indictable offense,
and that its terms were not sufficient to
warrant a trial. A continuance was
granted until next Saturday at this point
and on that day argument on the de
murrer will.be heard. .
TO STIMULATE INDUSTRY.
A Representative of the Proposed
Business League in This City.
Charles Truax, the accredited repre
sentative of the National Business
League, an organization called into ex
istence immediately after the last politi
cal campaign by a number of merchants
of Chicago for the purpose of instituting
a department of commerce and industry
at Washington arrived in the city yes
terday on a mission from the headquar
ters of the league, for the purpose of se
lecting three desirable business men to
represent the proposed department In this
city.
The main object of the organization is
to effect the revision of the interstate
commerce law so as to furnish better
protection to shippers and prevent dis
crimination; the opening of commerce
with the South and Central American
States and Mexico and the forming of
plans for better communication, including
Improved waterways between the East
and West. :
Coughs and colds cured, Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome ot*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1898.
HALE BROS. I HALE BROS. 1 ' HALE BROS. • | ' HALE BROS. , HALE BBOS.". ;" .
001 ',^^ "F" *k lm. f W-^fc t 1 W—^ 1 I torn kna h dr y U^o 11 n y ed bl We h haven aca cv < ?
profit the jobber usually makes, and I^l A j tsiao.K uress uooas... *r seen a finer, more durable sheet.
ffi^wVisii? r^e 11 f t° o r pa/x new DicicK uress oooas. j;s s arH^ ebesUDdltpays
: wholesale jobber. We offer no poor In a beautifully draped and decorated window of the richest fabrics from our Black Goods Department Is a miniature battle- J
hosiery at any price. snip. It is the Maine— made of handkerchiefs and draped in black. This ship is 14 feet lone, full ringed and armed— a faithful | "WAMSUTTA SHEETS, PLAIN HEM-
•- reproduction of the unfortunate vessel. Vve ask you all to see it and as a memento and remembrance of the event each customer MED— •
CHILD'S BLACK COTTON . • will be presented with an engraved photograph of the Maine. We have arranged SPECIAL VALUES IN BLACK GOODS AND 72x90 inches „ 65c each
..SCHOOL. STOCKINGS — Good MOURNING FABRICS, which list is quoted below. • • Slx9o inches 700 each
and tough for play, ribbed.. Iflr* . — ■ — '—, 81x99 inches 75c each
SueT'fto l^ 1C d ale' ss a ce d .. °??: Pair' B LACK MERSERETTA CLOTH-A new black I BLACK CORDOBA CLOTH-'TU a sparkling I BLACK BEAUTIES FOR A DOLLAR-One of *£*> i'nche^"" " '- — jg •££
*_ P . fabric similar to a pierola cloth, bright silky gem in the dress goods line, so free from that the greatest stocks of black dress fabrics at SOx " lncheB - 80c each
MISSES' BLACK COTTON HOSE. mohair figures raised upon fancy black somber hue of mos,t black dress stuffs, clear *1 00 we have ever carried. 50 new patterns WAMSUTTA SFF^7 vnr-K.taTTrnvn^n—
Fine Maco cotton yarn nar- . ground, 10 kinds to pick from, from crepy cut mohair figures in beautiful leaf designs Just arrived, choosing almost bewildering, WA MSUTTA SHEETS. HEMSTITCHED-
row ribbed and seamless. high ini/> effects to large, bold scroll patterns, one of standout boldly from the black plnhead every yard imported, every yard new. Don't |, lx^ } MMM M 85c each
• spliced heels double knees andl^«2C the swell fabrics of the coming seastin. grounds, 12 patterns make choosing easy. fall to see this line. • iIS Jnches ' ** 90c each
toes, sizes 5 toSVi: Hale's price.. Pair . . $1.78 Yard. $l.BOYard. FANCY BLACK ARMURES. •£» U^:::":::::;;;^^.^ 3*
BOYS' KAST IRON SCHOOL . " • : BLACK MOHAIR REPS-This fabric shows an FANCY BLACK CORDS. . • WAMSTTTTA v>jr~77^r p. w , tt^«
STOCKINGS-Tried and true. - v TIT>/V^ r * : ,^AHrh extremely pretty and modest • corded back- FANCY BLACK REPS. ' M M r2 PILLOW-CASES, ,HEM-
The most popular school stock- '. BLACK BROCHE for elderly P e °P'^7^"^ ground with daintily raised mohair figures FANCY BLACK GRANITES. « %7 1  , .
lhg we sell; heavy, narrow rib, . yet. modest fabric, handsome mon , ai V n^ r X a In small and medium designs, 15 new patterns FAWT BLACK BROCHES 45x36 inches ~.^..^160 each
double knees, double heels and IS/, stand out on an exquisite deep black back- and every one a weaver's masterpiece *a.m.x WiALK.BKUuits. 45x40% Inches ....13c each
double toes, tough as a pine lOw ground, 42-inch. . a., ~_ _, . 42 to 45 inches wide. At Hale's 48x86 inches „;... 18c each
■knot: HI,, wo. Pair .: $I.7sYard. •*'£E^*«* • *1.00 Yard. K^nc^lil^i^^i
ml!IEIm l!IEI c - A JET Bl^dl • ' r } ~ General Store Notices &^:::E~™~£S£ ■
stocking, narrow ribbed and 25c Notion NeWS. THE Th** 'hnn'lrr-iTnf a+nolr n-P T "Pn Special. Domestic~Sewlings. \
Si- u S«3§V'S£ 2ac Notion News. XSI „ ™> A^^^JiX Special. Domestic Newlings.
essary to "overpay" ■ Hale's AUV • tflßCl 1, i_ . . --,« , ■ ™ ■« ' ■
price Pair -;!>; lUO LL cently purchased at 61 cents A fine Black 4S-lnch IMPORTED FRENCH The latest arrivals in Hale's most :
LADIES' COTTON HOSE-Flne T A OUR DOYLIES -Washable STOCK on the dollar, will be Offered SERGE on special sale. As soft and fine popular department. .^ii;-..^.: =
an aI OoO or be b.acf' P wHh n w^eiOl ' I "t&ISM lOC 2L,r to the' public Wednesday as a cashmere. Every thread pure wool. ,_ of CAgR ., i
polka 'dots, double %oTes ? double I2«C inches square; at Hale's Each . next. Look OUt fox OUr ad- On sale . nr ,^r arri MERE WRAPPER FLANNELS. B* c
toes, spliced heels; Hale's price.. Pair — Vertisement on that date. . out d at *.~ °.™'.* "...^!. PcS ■
LADrES' IMPORTED COTTON TAMBOUR PILLOW. SHAMS— inch- _ —7—.:-;7 — . :- ; • : * :
HOSE— Made in Germany of se- !es square; scalloped borders; open- 38C MISS' MISS Hulin. the expert V,' D1 nIICA W^- . I ' l^ lo , »-? RE ? S^ GING " 7^ i
lected and combed Maco cotton. work patterns; ln the Art Depart- OOW |VI 101 0 0 m 7 Cip , \artT Rfnuca Ulicic HA MS-The fabric of the year: fjl r !
the deep, rich, fast black Herms- ment ■• Each .... corset fitter, Will remain 11C>V DIOIISC TT 31515. a brand-new line for waists and C at/
dorf dye, high spliced heels. IQ/> o : Hill N with us another wppk ShP w*vm^w nMWMM dresses Yard
double soles and toes; Hale's It/C • : lI LI II } witn us anotner weeK. £>ne , ,_ ,:
price _ Pair TAMBOUR BUREAU SETS-Conslst- | Tljr has made Corset fitting, Blouse effects in plaid and stripe designs are GALATEA CLOTH — Something
ladies' blaclTlisle hose. ■ JSS &S&STBZ ?jr?*?&&OC "}* form and comfort her pro- %. tt t gSfi?J>2* Z^T^Tn "tX 0^"" S'■
• Sir.- re Si q" t aHty. Prl 'be^tl 3 fSi - Inch doylies; the set .complete Set CORSET fession. We secured - her isn't necessary to "overpay" Hales prices. a^ l^" Xr^&he^tSt IK- .
deep luster finish, high spliced C%fZ.r* i CVnrriT Services for YOUr benefit ' t atitttq l -rt/ittc;-!? QutRT tvat«!T«!— fashions in stripes and solid col- lOv
heels, double soles and toes, Visit the Art Department; rear of store. expert. * you ml ght consnlt Tok^Lok detafhfble hielTstandinK . ors ; a bI 8 Une t0 show you Yard ;
an elegant stocking; Hale's prica Pair T ! 7 °? might C ° nSUlt NEW SPRINa p^F CALFg ,
LADIES' FAN~C¥~ COTTON 18-INCH FANCY MESH CHENILLE and get her advice and Opinion jleeves '^nde™dcuffB: aW« lln, of gQ c N ™ M «PR INQ^PE R, 3ALES -T
HOSE-Black boots, opera col- DOT VEILINQ-Small or large dot; OCO C on the fit and effect of YOUr corsets. -rJles Hale's Trice fashlonable "^ wide, in red. blue and light
ored tops, a new lot bubbling ORT^ a fresh lot in browns, navy or black; C/V I J .. percales. Male s price. r.acn round 9. a bewildering assort- Ol-
over with fashlon'i latest foot *£«>C at Hale's | one IS at the corset counter demon- ; .± ,-,' -.._, mnTT(:! , .„,„. ment of this most popular fabric 030
fads; for Hale's customers at.. , Pair __ Strating and advising. It is not L W^TB-^h?oun^^llar™Uh at ' I^l ; Tard
New Cllt»t«in« fi\t* ! ribbon odds and ends-aii silk; • necessary to purchase, and a five ed ff.fP;,^ 11 ™ 8 e iS?nderoi^iifB l 50C all-linen TOWELiNCJ-Every p~ r
' nCVV VUPLainS TOP I plain grog grains and satin M K e ((rns minutes' conversation with her & ? tr£? kSr c Each thread 5 linen; fl5 Inches wide; red OC
HnifC^rl^ftnin^ i grains; from to 1 Inch wide; slates. minutes conversation with her plaids or stripes. Hale s price Each, border; fine for the kitchen Yard
m nOUSeCieanmg. SStfSK" Ad t S^T*£IiSSSi^SSS: Ol r might save you years of discomfort. BLOUSE EFFECTS IN DIMITY Don't fa., to see-7h7r«w Wa,h Goo^.
Much less than you'd expect. Good. Nile arid dark green in -the narrow; j£,l\* _«^^ m : . o __, , WAISTS - Laundered, separable Now Is the time to buy
substantial Curtains, and every pat- your choice until 501 d.... Yard FREE To every lady visiting standing collar, yoke back, blouse
• . rnLL  . •-, , ° front. The new patterns show 7R/» ___ __ »-».•« ■
tern new. . . •• .-. --. - - ninTlinro the store this week we added beauty to last year's, master- iOC TyyQ FPOITI RIDDOnS.
NEW "BORDER "dTsioN" NOTTINO- ' ' • PICTURES will present a neat little Pieces; Just: in. Hale^ price..... Yard IWU Tl OIIH KIUUUIW.
•^"f^^d^^Xt'SinSS:- Things for Your Kitchen. OF THE photo en & ravin & of the prices * Easy steps UP - to v Each., '^ks™"^;.
• tingham effects, with plain fishnet center. " _. . ( IIIIP ..Maine. .. It will, be a wide; light blue, "lavender, hello- P%(*
• 3 l <> ydsxSO inches ...V.'.'.'.'.'.'m 25 pair SAUCEPANS— S-quart; heavy retlnned; |Q/> MulNr SOUVenir of much inter- . . . . _ trope purple greens scarlet Yard *
tapestry Inches ....• $125 pair SAUCEPANS— S-quart; heavy retinned; |Q C eat at the present Of much well Our Cloak=Bliyer JUSt AfTlYed FfOm white and cream. Special, RIBBON>
tapestry po^Fieres REDUCEDt-A "—* *-*■..»•»«« E - h l^ est at the present time and well OuT Cloak=Bnyer Just AlTIYed FrOffl MOIRE - t T FF kta ribbon
chance to nave. Come early and you'll ■ worth preserving for the future. Hie Ffl«tPrn RiivitlO" Tnilr" »th picot or feather edge; all silk:
not regret. . . ; TIN PAILS-Fine for a lunch pail: 2- (* n \ ' "I* L-dMCIII . iIUJHIg mm, No -_ 1% inches wide, was lOc yard;
4 reduced toM^ 00 ?alf QUart B ' Ze: Wlth C ° Ver; B eclal " Each OC „_ XarcUOw.wlUi.su, And this IS what he did: N now i% Y^hei' wide ' waV f.#yS?
H^SE^r^,^.' 00^ • OALViNIZED IR 7"WASH BA- || tSc NF w r in , elght d =± I £SS-.A T i2U# c S II S &£**», ° w •---- ••"» > - i
. BINS-Very heavy; for the kitchen: *7 c I fit .'liLff : Spring and summer giik .lined tan Jacket, with high«J> I /• . .
t/' /y S**7) special Each tV pijii fipiir catalogue. It will he collar, reduced for a special Each f// /? /^Z/S
%C> A/ /Ptok/ 1 • Urt ' MLUUUC a beautifully illustra- , You mu«t see this Jacket to appreciate It; an YffJ /j» / V>O^r- /
C/]CICtXy/7Zn/. *^™^?^J?r^r^ fi « c te, 120 page fashion boot Send in "^ — J^^^S^T^
" A fINCORPORATED] special- EachO^C your address. It will be sent free to black figured mohair skirts / UNCORPORATEDJ
• m W4«rtiwv4 j Thorouphlv well made, seams • ~* °
QO7 Q^MARKFTSTRFFT 1 any address out of San Francisco. lapped and bound, velvet faced, a(tQ.so 937-945 MARKET STREET,
yd /-»* O IYIAHMI Ia 1 «CC I , ENAMELED DISH PAN-U-quart: OQ i -KrnTiP Hi<!+Hr>ntpH in th» rit^ beautifully hanging skirt and in«l>O— C n,«nern
SAN FRANCISCO. extra heavy; special Each 05/ 1/ ' -WOne dlStlibUted in the City. perfect taste. At Hale's Each SAN FRANCISCO.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The Mining Fair Sends
Investors Through
the State.
Montana Company to Dredge
the Trinity on a Large
Scale This Year.
The value to the raining Industry of
the Mining Fair, which now enters on
its last week, cannot be measured by the
casual visitor. It cannot be measured
even by the mining men directly con
cerned In it and most familiar with it.
But its value will be great, and it will
repay manyfold the time and money In
vested by enterprising citizens of mining
counties, business men and others Inter
ested in the prosperity of the mining in
dustry.
Its benefits cannot be directly traced
any more than can the benefits of any
sort of advertising. When a man buys
a bottle of pain killer In a drugstore the
enterprising manufacturers of it who
have proclaimed its name and virtues
will never know what advertisement
caused the buy-ei* to call for that brand.
The. man may have remembered it from
boyhood. It is ho with the special efforts
that Southern California and other agri
cultural sections have made to draw
homeseekers from the East. Population
and property increase, but not many
new homes and orchards could be pointed
out as the result of this pamphlet or that
exhibition or excursion. The benefits of
the Mining Fair will be similarly lost In
the growing mining boom which the fair
is doing a great deal to accelerate. Hun
dreds of Californlans have acquired a
new and more intelligent Interest in min
ing, and v.ill be more ready to join the
thousands all over the State who are
putting little or large sums of money
Into mining ventures. Many will most
readily turn to the counties that have im
pressed them with attractive exhibits of
their riches.
A few specific Illustrations can be
easily found, however. One can hear at
the fair of two men from Scotland who,
after examining the ores in the Placer
County exhibit and making some In
quiries, boarded the train a week ago for
a trip, to Placer County. Last week an
Eastern man became much interested in
some samples, of iron ore from Shasta
County, hunted up the man in charge of
them and started un a quiet trip to
Shasta County. Some samples of slate in
the Calaveras County exhibit have result
ed in G. W. B. McCarty giving a bond
on a slate proposition near Copperopolis.
"There is no question about the benefit
of our exhibit," s-vs H. \V. H. Penniman,
who is in charge of the Calaveras County
display; "but it Is hard to point It out.
Every day men study over the ores and
ask questions, but do not tell their names
or intentions. A great many nave quietly
noted- the names of mines, their location
owners from the cards on the sample* of
ores, evidently with an intention to in
vestigate them; but when a man is look-
Ing for a mine he doesn't sa.y much about
It 7 '
That is the way with all ihe county
exhibits, each of which is supplemented
with attractive and conservative descrip
tive pamphlets and each of which has
surely attracted the particular interest of
many individual mining investors. One
machinery firm has sold several engines
of a particular style through having them
on exhibition. But the bulk of the bene
fits of the enterprise will be lost to defi
nite view. They will be felt like the
sunshine. -
John C. Jens, the well-known mining
engineer and president of the Pacific
Mineral Development Company, left this
city on Saturday, the 19th inst., for Bel
fast, Ireland, and London on business
connected with th« company, tie will be ,
absent about two months, and then he
will devote his time to the extension on ;
an extensive scale of mines In Caiaveras
County.
Last spring William McKay, car ac- |
countant of the Southern Pacific Com- I
pany, at Fourth and Townsend streets, i
and Charles E. Snook, District Attorney ;
of Alarrieda County, grubstaked three
prospectors In Arizona. These parties
made three locations in Yuma County.
about 38 miles from Yuma, In which ]
McKay and Sno.ik had a half Interest.
Recently McKay and Snook bought the
Interests of two of the prospectors, and
started C. J. Clark to work developing
one of the claims. A few days ago they
received, an average sample of ore from
a three-foot ledge, and had it assayed by
Thomas Price &. Son, anfl It assayed I
$111 68 per ton gold and a percentage in
stiver. The other two claims are equally j
promising. This is a sample of how many
San Francisco business and professional
men are going Into mining these days.
The owners of the Rellofontaine mine
at Grass Valley axe negotiating for the
purchase of the ten-stamp mill of the
Federal Loan and contemplate moving '
it to the former mine.
A new pump, built in Chicagro, having
a capacity of 70) gallons a minute at a
depth of ir.oo feet, has arrived at the Al
lison Ranch mine. Nevada County.
The following from the Trinity Journal
is one of the many indications of an ex
tensive development of river dredging in
this State in the near future: "C. C. Oil
man of lowa and Q. McNeil, president of
the Montana Dredging Company, who
have been examining the river at Low
den Ranch with a view to putting in a
dredger, left Sunday. The gentlemen
were thoroughly satisfied with the result
of their examination and will put In a
J.WMH) plant this spring. They will put in
a dredging machine near Poker Bar. The.
first installment of machinery will arrive
next week. This will be the first time the
river has been thoroughly worked by
modern methods and we predict that the
operations will be successful and that the
coming season will see this method of
mining conducted on a large scale. The
opportunities are better here than in any
part of the State."
The following from the Trinity Journal
concerns one of the great number of Cali
rornia mines that are being slowly devel
oped on small capital: "M. A. Brady, one
of the owners of the Lappin mine at
Dead wood, was in town this week and In-
£ or . ms u , s that that property is looking
better than ever. The arrastra recently
purchased by the company has been thor
oughly repaired and is now running with
a capacity of one and a quarter tons a
aay. it is the intention of the company
to ma Ke the development of the mine pay
for itself and, when the mine is sufflcient
piaru " ' erect a sultable mil"ns
Ah important strike has been made
within a few days on the Mammoth group
of claims on Little Backbone Creek, Shas
ta County, owned by Redding men. The
gr f °a P 'V 1"V 1 "' 1 ' 1 " b " I1(1 to William Forstner
of ban I- ranclseo, who has been driving
€ i\ c * e l0 I rment tunnel. At a distance of
14f5 feet a deposit of native copper was
struck, though the main ledge had not
uf"? reached - A little further in sul
phides carrying gold and silver, as well
as copper, were reached. The ore to re
ported to be of the same character as
that of the Iron Mountain, and the de
posit is extensive. This development adds
another to the promises that copper
mines and smelters as extensive as the
Iron Mountain enterprise will before long
be added to Shasta County's Industries.
J. P. Hitchcock and F. E. Hudson have
struck It rich in the Electric Light, near
Simoni's, two miles south of Shasta,
wnich they lately leased from Harry
Hill. They went in 30 feet to secure drain
age and then ran a 30-foot crosscut on
the ledge. The vein is three feet wide,
and the average assay is $100. One assay
goes $193. Lowest assay, taken out in the
dark and containing much wall rock,
went over $19. They have over fifteen tons
of high grade ore on the dump. — Shasta
Courier.
The Martposa Gazette hears that the
Compromise mine of Marlposa has been
bonded- by a representative of John W.
Mackay.
. Hoisting machinery has been placed at
the end of the 1200-foot tunnel at the Am
. ador Queen No. 2, Amador County. The
hoist will be run by water power. Every
thing is about in readiness for the work
of sinking, which will begin in a few
days.
Petitions have been filed in the Circuit
Court by R. M. Yardley of Philadelphia
asking authority to make sale of the
Bunker Hill and Mayflower mines at Am
ador City.
For the quarter to March 1 the Napa
Con. Quicksilver Company earned $32,212,
against $19,161 last year, and surplus after
dividends of $12,212, against $91*31 last year.
Aetna earned net $12,766 for the quarter
ending February 1, and surplus after div
idends of $C7f'.K.
A new ten-stamp mill has gone to the
Slate Range, ninety miles from Mojave ;
and forty miles from Randsburg, for the
Meredith mine. The mine sbows a ledge
seven feet in thickness, and part of it is
rich, all paying for milling.
Holbrook & Hunt, who have recently
worked the tailings at the Belden mine !
by cyanide process at a profit, have mov- j
ed to the Tierakoff mine, near the West !
Point bridge, owned by Mrs. A. B. Mar- i
chand. where they will continue in the
same profitable work. The cyanide pro
cess is comparatively new to Amador
County, and the above mentioned good
results obtained therefrom should be an
inducement to mining men to investi
gate.—Amador Republican.
A company of San Francisco capitalists
composed of M. Blaskower, J. Drosseur,
H. L. Coook. A. Heynemann, L. Levison
and others have formed the Consolidated
Oden Mining Company with a capital
stock of $1. 310,000, to work the drift min
ing property near Grass Valley. It. is
proposed to sink an inclined shaft.
Harlow Kimball and others, who have
been prospecting a gravel claim near the |
Magnolia mine, a short distance from
Goodyear's Bar, recently struck some
very rich gravel. We are Informed that
from ninety-two carloads of dirt $1050 was
realized, over sll a load.— DownievilleMes-
The machinery at the Alice mine has
been sold and will be shipped to Mexico.
After considerable experimenting it has
been found that this machinery is iin
sulted to the reduction of the rich but
refractory Alice ore, which must be
tnated by the cyanide process.—River
side Press.
The Empire, in sinking below the 2200
level, has come into very good ore. This
property has been a producer since IS;>7,
and its product is not diminishing with
age. There are forty stamps in opera
tion The Orleans, adjoining the Empire,
is running a drift, which has reached 360
feet for the Rich Hill ledge on the 800
level Three eight-hour shifts, air com
pressor and electric power are pushing
the work. The property comprises eighty
three acres. At the Golden Treasure, a
property on which after years of Idleness
work was recently resumed, the shaft has
been unwatered and crosscutting both
ways is going rapidly forward. The old
tunnel has also been cleaned and is being
driven on the ledge.— Transcript.
The work of construction now on the
new line of railroad from Daggett to the
borax mines, twenty-six miles away, is
being pushed rapidly. The borax works
are shipping forty tons per day and the
road is a necessity. A thlrty-two-mule
train is at present hauling the product of
the mines to the railroad.
Since the new underground machinery
was installed at the Providence mine,
Nevada County, the work of sinking the
shaft from the 1800-foot level has been
going merily on. At a depth of 1930 feet
a level has been cut and drifts will be
run both ways on the ledge, which, by
the way, is large and of good quality.
The shaft is about twenty-six feet below
this level, and will be continued until the
2000-foot level is reached.
In the first twenty-seven days after
starting the Burleigh drills in the tunnel
of the big Eureka drift mine above Forest
Hill, Placer County, Felix Chappellet Jr.,
with his double shift of men drove 205
feet of tunnel. The greater part of the
distance was ordinary slate rock and the
balance in very hard rock. The tunnel
was in 2355 feet at last accounts.
F. J. Esler is a firm believer in the
bright future of the Virginia Dale Dis
trict. He came in last evening, and with
him came two little gold slugs. The most
notable one contained SllO. It represented
with $40 one week's work with a dry wash
er. Ike Reed was the man who did it.
He. had a placer claim at Dale and an old
dry washer. He shoveled his own dirt,
turned his own crank and cleaned up $150
in seven days. The ground covered in
the time was 15x20 feet of surface, the
dirt being only one foot deep to bed rock.
And Reed has a whole lot more just such
ground and there are lots of others yet
undiscovered.— San Bernardino Times-
Index.
Every Indication points to the fact that
Tuolumne County is on the verge of the
biggest boom ever known within ita
Uoiltfl.— Tuoluaone Independent.
WHIST.
WHIST AS PLAYED BY EXPERTS.
We have been asked from time to time to
publish a few of the systems of whist play
that are used by some of the leading clubs of
the American Whist League. If we should at
tempt or undertake to publish them all. it
would tax our space beyond the limit for many
months to come. No whist team of any num- I
ber of players can ever do themselves or their |
club Justice wltnout they thoroughly under- j
stand cne another in every particular, and In
every play they make beyond the possibility
Of a doubt from the time they lay the first
card on a table until the last.
We are pleased to give our readers this week
the system used by the great Albany Club
team of Albany, X. T. This team has made a j
record second to none in this country, and we j
take pleasure in saying the captain of this ;
team was one of the original founders of and
one of the old guard of the American Whist
League.— E. Le Roy Smith.
ALBANY WHIST TEAM SYSTLM
THE ACE LEAD.
The ace Is led from the lollowing combina
tions:
A., K. and three or more others.
A., Q., J. and others.
A. and five or more others with a sure card
of re-entry.
Note.— With ace and five or six small and no
re-entry card, lead the fourth best.
THE KING LEAD.
The king is led from all the combinations
given In the Trist system of American leads.
THE QUEEN LEAD.
The queen is led from the usual combina
tions given In the tables of Amercan leads,
except the queen, jack, ten. (From this com
bination the ten is led.)
THE JACK LEAD.
The Jack Is led from all the combinations
given in the Trist system of American leads.
THE TEN LEAD.
The ten i^ led from the queen, Jack, ten com
bination only— four or more In suit. (Note —
From king. Jack, ten and others lead fourth
best.)
WITH HONOR TURNED.
Governed by the holding, any irregular open
ing lead Is a positive "call" through the.
honor turned.
THE DISCARD.
The Drayson system of discarding as found
In the "Art of Practical Whist." fifth edition.
CALLING FOR TRUMPS.
Always "call for trumps" with five or more
unless developments show It unwise before
! "call" Is completed. If completed partner
1 must lead them unless fourth player has also
j "called."
; ORIGINAL LEAD HOLDING FIVE OR
MORE TRUMPS.
Always lead trump If there is not an honor
turned — reserving the right to stop after one
round. (Note— This, calling for and leading
trumps from the above holdings has been,
rigidly enforced for ten years and found to be
; trick-winning.)
THE TRUMP ECHO.
On the lead of ace. queen or jack led orig
inally, or at any time when it Is believed to
j be from strength from above combinations,
echo holding three exactly. On the lead of a
1 email trump, echo holding four or more.
An echo in plain suit, with any trump led,
1 says at least four.
The Albany team has followed thts line of
trump leading and "calling" rigidly for ten
j years against all styles of play, and the team
' is unanimous In the firm belief that at least
| five tricks are gained by this system when
three are lost.
The captain of this celebrated team says In
i a personal letter to our whist editor: "We
i play the old-fashioned Trist. Cavendish, Pole,
j Drayson game. We don't, believe in "top of
nothing,' 'common sense,' 'Invitation,' 'Foster'
or 'Howeir leads. In all of our recent matches,
as well as from close observation for the past
ten years In playing with and against all
; styles and systems of play, I believe the win
. ning game is the rigid hard-and-fast number-
I showing leads, with no false card plays or at
tachments."
THE GREAT ALBANY-ST. PAUL MATCH.
It ts well to state here that one of the great
est whist matches that ever took place was
between the St. Paul team, with the great
John H. Brlggs as captain, and the Albanys
at the midwinter meeting at Detroit, Mich., in
February last. Up to the present writing these
two teams have no superior — If an etjual. For
the benefit of our readers who are students of
the game we intend in a few weeks to give
several illustrated deals, with the play of
every card, as it took place In this match after
the defeat of the St. Paul team.
Captain John H. Brlgga la writing to
the Minneapolis Times on the St. 1 aul-
Albany match »ays: "An examina
tion of the records shows that both Albany
and St. Paul made the same, opening leads in
thirty-five of the forty-eight deals. In four
deals the same suits were opened, but with
different cards. In only nine deals were the
opening leads from different suits. Neither
6ide gained any advantage by the different
opening leads. Conventionally the games of
Albany and St Paul differ very little. Albany
leads the ten and St. Paul the queen from
queen, Jack, ten suit. From king, jack, ten
suit Albany leads fourth best, while St. Paul
leads ten. St. Paul often leads the "top ef
nothing.' while Albany leads the fourth beat.
In trumps, Albany echoes with three trumps
upon the lead of an ace, queen or jack. St.
Paul occasionally does the same. Albany al
ways calls when holding five trumps, a play
which St. Paul players think in the long run
result disastrously. The ftlay cost Albany
nothing and gained very little for them. Al
bany called on the first lead, with this hold
ing, trumps, nine, eight, seven, six, three:
long suit, five cards to the- Jack. They use tha
high card call— the eight or a higher card.
After trumps were out I noticed that Albany
echoed In an opponent's suit on two occasions,
when they had only two small cards of tha
suit. Apparently the piay Is an echo declar
ing no more of that suit. With the exception
of a few more minor points, the games of both
teams are the same.
"Now, as Albany did not gain by a different
line of opening leads, nor by a different sys
tem. It must follow that they played a bet
ter game than their opponents. While I think
that Albany was more favored by fortune
than was St. Paul, the result was not dic
tated by It. Albany won because It played
a steady game. I think that I can do no one
an injustice when I say the St. Paul players
'limuled out' many a trick. Deal six. In addi
tion to other features, was favored with a re
voke by St. Paul."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE."
61x Stories Hifth.
• i
Upholstered spring j
seat Rocker, in Birch- ,
Mahogany, a finish that ,
harmonizes well with ,
any furniture $2.25 ;
Three-piece Bedroom Set, solid Oak, '■
polished, neatly carved, finished prop- ;
erly, bevel plate mirror, 24x30..5l 6.50
Want a substantial Folding Bed,
large enough for two adu1t5?. ..57.25
A solid Oak Sideboard, a necessity
in the dining-room $9.00
CARPET DEPARTMENT.
For your back parlor — !ngrain Art
Squares, 9x9 feet, in pleasing patterns
and colors $3.00
No Carpet order too big for us.
Orders from the country have our
best attention. Goods shipped any-
where.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
233-235-237 Post Street.
Near Stockton. Open Evenings.