VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 41.
SANTIAGO IS NOW
BEING BOMBARDED
COMBINED ATTACK
OF THE fIRMY fIND
NOVY COMMENCED
I^ain of SfyDt and Shell prom Siege
Guns and tf)e Fleet Will Soon
Compel a Surrender.
WASHINGTON, July 10. — Shortly after midnight the War Department gave out the
following dispatch from General Shafter:
"PLAY A DEL ESTE. July 10. — Adjutant General, Washington: Headquarters Fifth
Corps, July 10. — Enemy opened fire a few minutes past 4 with light guns, which were soon
silenced by ours. Very little musketry firing, and the enemey kept entirely in the entrench
ments. Three men slightly wounded. Will have considerable forces to-morrow — enough to
completely blockade the roads. General Garcia reports that enemy evacuated little town
called Descanios, about three miles from Santiago and near the bay. SHAFTER."
WASHINGTON, July 10.—
The bombardment of Santiago
has begun.
That was the verbal informa
tion obtained this evening shortly
before 9 o'clock at the War De
partment
Almost immediately three bul
letins were posted, the most im
portant of which was from Gen- !
eral Shafter. This announced
that General Toral, who succeed
ed Linares when the latter was
wounded, had declined to sur
render and that the bombard
ment of the town would be be
gun by the army and navy about
4 o'clock this afternoon.
The fact that the bombard
ment was scheduled by Shafter
to begin so late in the day created
some comment, but no explana
tion of it was offered. In answer
to questions bearing upon that
movement General Corbin said:
"I have not the slightest infor
mation as to the reasons General
Shafter had for beginning the
bombardment at the hour he
names, but it was probably be
cause he was ready just at that
time. You can speculate about
that as well as I can."
Information received by the
War Department during the few
days of the truce indicates that he
has materially strengthened his
position. During the past week
he has received reinforcements
of both artillery and infantry.
Randolph's battery of twenty
four guns which left Key West
last Tuesday at midnight is now
in operation before Santiago and,
as one of the War Department
officials expressed it, "When
these long Toms of Randolph be
gin to talk, something will hap
pen in Santiago."
General Shafter has nearly fifty
siege guns and a large number of
REALIZING HOPELESSNESS,
SPAIN MUST SEEK PEACE.
MADRID, July 10. Information received from the most reliable sources is to the effect that the darkest
pessimism pervades Madrid officialdom. The hopelessness of the war is finally recognized, and the peace idea now
seems to predominate in the Cabinet and negotiations are considered urgent. The Cabinet is likely to cohere un
til peace is secured.
It is now recognized that Santiago de Cuba is completely beleagured and cannot hold out owing to the lack
of provision- and munitions of war. It is considered certain that the Americans will blockade Cuban and Porto
Rican ports, rutting off their supplies, while the authorities are convinced that an American fleet is coming to the
peninsula. There is no confidence felt that the powers will intervene even if defenseless seaports are bombarded,
and, therefore, what measures of defense are possible are being made.
PARIS, July io. — The Madrid correspondent of the Tempes says: The end is impatiently awaited, even the
Government no longer attempting to disguise its conviction that after the fall of Santiago the time will have come
for thinking about overtures of peace, especially as all the European chancellories advise this course.
The San Francisco Call
6-inch mortars, besides light ar
tillery, at his disposition. These
guns, taken in connection with
the wreck that can be done by the
fleet, will, it is believed, carry ter
ror and destruction to Santiago.
Anxiety has been expressed by
the War Department officials as
to whether General Shafter had a
i sufficient force to prevent the
evacuation of Santiago by the
enemy. This anxiety was allayed
about half-past 12 to-night by the
receipt of a dispatch from Gen
eral Shafter, which contained
confirmation, too, of the earlier
reports of the beginning of the
bombardment.
The belief is held by the best
informed officers that General To
ral, the Spanish commander, will
j surrender when he finds it will be
! impossible for him to evacuate
1 the city. Upon what grounds
I this belief is based could not be
ascertained, but that information
I to that effect is in the hands of
I the war officials there is no doubt.
General Shafter's dispatch to
night shows that he is engaged
now in strengthening his posi
tion and to-morrow will follow up
his operations with a final assault
! upon the city.
TORAL MUST SOON
SURRENDER SANTIAGO
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S HEAD
QUARTERS before Santiago, July 9 (by
the Call-Herald dispatch boat Golden
Rod to Port Antonio, Jamaica, July
10). — Before this dispatch reaches you
the bombardment of Santiago will have
begun. Negotiations for the peaceful
surrender of the beleaguered city are at
an end, and Admiral Sampson and Gen
eral Shafter have perfected their plans
for the city's destruction.
General Toral, realizing his desperate
position, has been sparring to obtain
from General Shafter the best possible
terms, but all his proposals have been
rejected. General Shafter has delivered
his ultimatum, demanding the uncon
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1898.
dltional surrender of the city. General
Toral has declined to capitulate on
these terms.
General Shafter this morning re
ceived a letter from General Toral pro
posing to evacuate the city under con
ditions which would irsure the free
dom of the Spanish forces. In this let
ter General Toral attempted to conceal
his realization of his hopeless position.
With boastful assurance he called Gen
eral Shafter's attention to the fact that
he had received a large number of re
inforcements, and declared that his en
tire garrison was strongly intrenched
in a commanding position. He also as
serted that he had plenty of ammuni
tion and expressed the firm conviction
that the Americans could not take the
city by assault without sustaining an
enormous loss of life.
General Toral proposed that the
Spanish army should evacuate Santi
ago and the province of Santiago de
Cuba unmolested, taking all of their
cannon, arms, ammunition and
standards, together with their sick and
wounded. "I shall never surrender the
city except on these terms," the Span
ish general declared.
General Shafter, after receiving this
letter, was helped into a carriage and
was driven to the front. After con
sulting with General Wheeler the
American commander sent a reply to
General Toral. in which he refused to
entertain the Spaniard's proposition.
The bombardment, as planned, was
to begin from the fleet off Aguadores,
covering the advance of the infantry
upon that fortification, the infantry to
be further under the cover of sixteen
3.2-lnch guns toward the left of the
line on the ridge of El Pozo. The Rough
Riders are in the center of the line
with their dynamite gun, the infantry
taking little part in the general attack,
except on the left. Eight mortars also
are advantageously placed in the cen
ter. The siege guns are on the heights
of San Juan. On the extreme left is
General Kent's brigade, with batteries
In the center 1 General Wheeler's
cavalry division, including Young's
brigade, now undercommand of Colonel
Wood of the Rough Riders, on tht
right, wtth Lawton's division, com
posed of Ludlow's, Chaffee's and My
er's brigades. Wood's brigade includes
the First and Tenth Infantry and
Roosevelt's Rough Riders.
BIG GUNS PLACED
DURING THE TRUCE
Copyrighted, 1808, by the Associated Press.
BEFORE SANTIAGO, Saturday, July
9 (per Associated Press dispatch boat
Wanda, via Port Antonio, Jamaica,
July 10).— Everything is now ready for
the commencement of hostilities in case
the Spanish generals do not surrender.
PORT MAHON, FSLAND OF MINORCA, AS SEEN FROM THE ENTRANCE,
It Is One of t\)Z F' nest Harbors in the Mediterranean, and Y\qs Been Occupied by the Spanish
Since 1802. It Is Probable Trjat Port Mahon Will Be One of t^e Objective Points of Con)
roodore Watsoo's Squadron.
The dynamite gun, which has been in
position for several days, is now in
better working order than at the* time
of the lattle of San Juan, and it is pre
dicted that its charges, consisting of
twenty pounds of guncotton and gela
tine, will work havoc in the Spanish
trenches when it opens fire.
Twelve mortars in one battery are
mounted and ready to do effective work
in shelling the city.
Three batteries of artillery are now
posted on El Paso ridge, 2400 yards
from the town, and the Capron and
Grimes batteries are 1500 yards to the
north of the road in the rear of Gen
eral Lawton's division. In firing, the
field guns will be compelled to shell
the town over the heads of our men,
but the artillery officers say it can be
done safely and without injury to our
soldiers. The dynamite gun has been
so placed that it will be able to enfilade
the Spanish lines. On the other hand,
during the truce, which so far as re
gards the continuing of preparations
for defense or attack has been no truce
whatever, the Spaniards have not' been
idle. They have been mounting guns,
and some of these are of much heavier
caliber than any the American army
can bring into play.
When hostilities reopen by the bom
bardment great things are expected
from the navy. Admiral Sampson is
quoted throughout the army as saying
that he will drop one shell into the city
every five minutes, and if that is not
sufficient to do the work he will drop
one in the city every two minutes. The
fire, in addition to what the land forces
will turn in, it is thought, will be suffi
cient to reduce the Spaniards to a point
where they will surrender.
Sixteen Spanish prisoners, who were
wounded, were turned over to the
Spaniards yesterday afternoon. Dr.
George Goodfellow and Captain Dryer
escorted the ambulances and the corre
spondent of the Associated Press ac
companied them. The Spaniards dis
played great gratitude for the kind
ness, and there was considerable fra
ternizing, in which the Spanish officers'
desire for peace stood out like a head
light in a fog. There is no dought that
the subordinate Spanish officers are
anxious to surrender, but they practi
cally said that upon General Toral's
decision this would rest. They ad
mitted that they were short of pro
visions, but all appeared to be deter
mined and resolute and willing to die,
If need be, in the defense of the city.
INVOKING THE GOOD
OFFICES OF AUSTRIA
Portent of Sagasta's Interviews With
the Embassador and Arch
duchess Elizabeth.
PARIS, July 10.— A letter from Madrid
says General Blanco, in replying to the
Government's request for his views of the
situation, urges war to the end and
asserts that the Cuban volunteers
cannot be reconciled to the idea of the
handing of the islands to the Americans
and that a majority of the Cubans favor
It is believed ip Paris that the interview
between Sagasta, the Spanish Premier,
and the Austrian Embassador, and that
of Senor Sagasta with Arch Duchess
Elizabeth of Austria, are connected with
the invoking of the good offices of the
Austrian Government with a view of re
establishing peace.
Recruits From Mountain States.
SALT LAKE, July 10.— One company,
consisting of ninety-three men of the Sec
ond Regiment of United States Volunteer
Engineers, under command of Lieutenant
Mills, left here at 1 o'clock to-day for
San Francisco. The men were recruited
Jn Utah, Montana, Idaho and Nevada.
STORIES TOLD
BY CAPTIVE
SPANIARDS
Vivid Narratives of tr;e
Destruction of Cervera's
Squadror).
Special dispatch to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Admiral Cer
vera, with fifty-four of the officers of
his destroyed squadron and 638 other
prisoners taken from his ships oft! San
tiago, reached Portsmouth, N. H., to
day on the auxiliary cruiser St. Louis.
On the voyage north all the captives
but one were given parole and were
treated more as guests than as prison
ers. When the cruiser dropped anchor
in the outer bay of Portsmouth The
Call-Herald correspondent obtained an
Interview with Admiral Cervera, who
threw a great deal of light on matters
that preceded his attempted escape
from Santiago harbor. He received
three orders from the Minister of Ma
rine to leave, he said, and finally a
fourth came directing him to go out
and fight the American fleet, no matter
what the consequences. His plan was
to attack the Brooklyn first, break
through the American lines, run to
Havana and seek refuge in the harbor
there. He knew that the order meant
suicide, he said, but he obeyed It.
He said that if the Americans attack
Havana they will meet with terrible re
sistance and loss of ships and men.
Santiago will fall, he says, unless Li
nares is reinforced. The correspondent
also obtained remarkably interesting
interviews with other officers of the
Spanish fleet, descriptions of the parts
played by every American ship on that
day of glorious victory, a splendid tale
of sea fighting told by the chaplain of
the Texas and altogether a most com
plete and vivid narrative of the de
struction of Cervera's squadron.
PATHETIC STORY OF A
SPANISH NAVAL OFFICER
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., July 10.— This
Is a plain tale of the Spanish disaster as
rendered by Captain Maocrohon, second
captain of the Maria Teresa. His chief,
It will be remembered, was desperately
wounded during the fight.
"I love my country," said the Span
iard simply, "and my heart bleeds for
her now. Our fleet, my country's pride,
has been destroyed. I fear there will
be an uprising at home when its de
struction is made known.
"Our plan for escape was well ar
ranged, but better formulated than ex
ecuted. We had arranged to force our
way out on Saturday night, and the
Maria Teresa was to have led. But,
contrary to our expectations, the
searchlights of your ships did not illu
mine the channel that night, as had
been usual, and without that light we
were unable to discern the wreck of the
Merrimac, so we could not go out. You
know how we came out next morning —
Sunday that was.
"Crowds were expected to come down
to the wharf to see us off, but the
American troops were pushing the city
too hard in front, and there were none
to see us. Our orders were to steam at
full speed to westward after clearing
the harbor and concentrate our attack
on the Brooklyn, paying no attention
to any of the other ships unless they
forced us to attack them. So in the
morning they signaled to us from the
battery that only the Texas and Brook
lyn were to the westward, and we got
under way, the Maria Teresa, be
ing the flagship, taking the lead. We
opened fire on the Brooklyn and the
Texas answered it, but her shot fell
short; otherwise she would have struck
us, for it was a straight-line shot. The
Brooklyn and lowa then fired, but nei
ther shot hit. Again the Brooklyn and
Texas fired. The Brooklyn's shell went
into the admiral's cabin and, explod
ing, set fire to the after part of the
ship. A shell from the Texas pierced
our side armor and exploded in the en
gine room, bursting the main steam
pipes. We signaled to the engineer to
start the pumps, but got no reply, and
then found that all below in that part
of the ship had been killed.
"At th -t time it was like hell on our
bridge. Shells were bursting all around
us and the ship's hull was being riddled
below. The captain turned to me and
said:
" 'Sir, do you think it best to continue
this hopeless fight, or for the sake of
humanity and to save life should we
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
not beach the ship? Many of our guns
are dismounted and our engines are
crippled. 1
" 'Sir,' I replied, 'We are unable to
fight longer. Let us beach the shii. '
"Then, as I said that, a shell struck
our captain. His last words were to
haul down the colors. The American
fire was so fierce and their shells were
bursting around us so fast and making
so much smoke that the Americans
could not see that our flag was down
and continued firing. I sent below for
a blanket, and as soon as that was run
up the firing ceased.
"Meanwhile the Vizcaya had run be
tween us and the Texas and was then
engaging three ships— the Brooklyn,
Oregon and Texas. She made a des
perate but hopeless fight. Now that we
have learned that we lost between 800
and 1000 men and the Americans lost
only one man it amazes us. It is in
credible. "We cannot comprehend It.
It does not seem possible. And yet we
must believe it. Have we not seen with
our own eyes the utter wrecks of our
ships and how yours were not hurt —
even the smallest injury that we could
see?"
"If you had managed to escape where
would you have gone? To Cienfuegos?"
"By no means," the officer replied.
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
' Xne woman
i-" |m?^3L wbo wears an ar-
£h *»3m^\ ' bet^elf against
■' /E^^S3Ss3|) almost all the
V/ J^i^^^vS^i ordinary ills and
fli &i| «|»j| / fM womanhood are
m\ l Ir^sl always well and
Bffl^£n&M0 1 ' & most-used of all
d A^^^^^^^^W/ Pierces Favor-
'■• B^l^^^^SmM^ ite Prescription.
■■.■.^*Brvr It acts directly
npon the delicate feminine organism. "I»
makes it strong and healthy. It cures ak
weakness and disease. It prepares a woman
for her greacest i mission, motherhood. 1 It
does aw*y with the usual discomforts of the.
expectant period. It insures the health of
baby and makes its advent easy and almost
painless.; Over cjo.xio women have testified
to ita wonderful vutues. More. of it is sold
than of all other medicines for this purpose
combined. Women who want to know more
about it should write to its discoverer, Dr. "
K. V. Pierc?, chief consulting physician to
.the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
at Buflaic, n. Y. ;;; : •.; ■; :. ••-;.= ■* ,
" The best doctors in Kansas City told me that
unless I went to the hospital and had an opera-
tion • performed I could not live,"., writes > Miss ,
Broohie Galloway, of Wilder,' Johnson Co., Kans.
" ! had ulcerttion and weakness, and each month
I would get down in bed and suffer severely for ;
twenty-fou'' hours. . I could not keep anything on
mv s;6tnach for five minutes at a time.' j- I have
? taken four bottles of your 'Favorite P «cription' '-
and am no-w well. I owe it all to your iedicine.
1I1 I can chcerfuUy recommend it to any suffering
as I did." ■ .; ■-;.; ;'/■ .•..■_.■.•. -. ■
• -.■'i Dr. Pisree's l'ies_iant Pellets are a safe,
sure. «peedy und ' permanent cure for con-
j stipation. They never gripe.  One is a gen-
t tie laxative, and two a mild cathartic. All
medicine dealer*. ■■' *- "* '* --tz.--u\ -2
"our intention was to run to Havana,
raise the blockade there and enter the
harbor."
"What will be the result of the bat
tle?" the Spanish commander was
asked.
"Ah, I do not know," was the mourn
ful reply.
"1 hear now that the Americans In
tend sending their fleet to my country.
That is my anxiety. My poor Spain
will be helpless against your attack. I
have seen what your ships can do, and
know our exposed cities will be de
stroyed."
"You were, then, much impressed
with the lire of the American ships? '
"We were all astonished by its amaz
ing rapidity and deadliness," was the
Crank reply. "It will be an awful fight
and Spain will suffer most. But if auy
oik- was bold enough to suggest that
to my countrymen he would be cut to
pieces. If America carries the war into
Spain and defeats us there the disgrace
would be too great to bear. You know
tin' fail of a great nation is like the
fall of a great family — "great shall be
the fall thereof.' And I am afraid that
is bow it will be with Spain. Oh, God,
open the eyes of my countrymen at
home that they may understand why
we were defeated here."
I found this to be the general opin
ion among all the captured officers.
They were all free to admit that the
Amt-rican navy man behind his gun ia
the must wonderful man they had ever
dreamed of. The officers expressed
wide-eyed astonishment when told that
it is the custom in the American navy
to exercise crews at battery practice
with full-service charges at frequent
ami regular Intervals.
"But that must cost you tremendous
mom-y." exclaimed one, an officer of
tht? Colon.
Yea," said his companion of the
Vizcaya, "but see the result."
"Do you think Santiago can hold out
much longer 1 ?" the Becond captain of
tin* .Maria Teresa was asked.
"No." he replied; "they are very short
of provisions there. Rice is the chief
article of diet, little else in the way of
t 1 being left. Beef is very scarce
and very poor."
The officer was curious to know as
to whether the Americans had suffered
much loss when their land forces made
an attack on Santiago. He was told
the number reported lost and seemed
surprised that it was no greater.
"Why, we lost that many ourselves,"
he said, "and yet our men were fight
ing behind entrenchments and your
nun were attacking us."
"Was there any council of war called
before it was determined to attempt to
force a passage out?"
"No, not a council — was an in
formal conference. All agreed that the
attempt was well nigh hopeless, and
all of us were convinced that we would
get just what we got."
All of the Spanish officers seemed
deeply distressed over the disaster
which has befallen Spain. They were
no less astonished at their treatment as
prisoners.
"The Spanish prepp," said one, who
begged me not to quote his name, "'is
alone to blame for the awful way in
which we and the country at large
have :eived. We were led to
1- lieve that Americans would talk and
bluster bui not fight, and that America
ships— that the fpw bad
Bhe had were manned by foreign
h'> would desert in time of war.
(•h. how we have boon deceived. And
thi :i we were told that we would be
horribly tortured and killed if cap
tured. Now I can hardly believe my
B. We are treated as friends and
l ■ it hers by th^se we have been taught
to dread."
THE CRISTOBAL COLON'S
FUTILE RACE FOR LIFE
PORTSMOUTH. X. H., Juiv 10.— The
of the ('ristobal Colon's futile at
tempt to escape, her final destruction
and the rescue of her crew is as inter
esting as any bit of history of Spanish
disaster and American victory. The
Colon was the newest of the Spanish
armored cruisers and was reputed to
be the fastest and the best. I have rea
son to believe that Captain Maren, her
commander, was the ablest one in the
entire fleet. That, at any rate, was his
reputation. Being on a dispatch-boat
I was unable to follow the fortunes of
the Colon as she made her grand effort
to escape from the encircling foes. Her
officers told me about it whin I met
them the following morning as prison
ers of war on board the United States
steamship Resolute, formerly the York
town of the Old Dominion line. Captain
James G. Eaton, commanding. By his
courtesy I was allowed to interview the
officers of the stricken Colon. A few of
them could speak English, and their
first query was as to the safety of Cer
vera. I told them their admiral was
safe and unharmed, and there was
much gesticulation and words I could
not understand, and then a shout of
"Viva Cervera."
I had been identified as the corre
spondent of the New York Herald and
San Francisco Call. Each one of the
officers instantly recognized the names
of the papers, and, crowding around
me, begged that I should cable the
names of the survivors of the ship.
After painfully inscribing all the names
I found there was none missing from
the roster, and further inquiry showed
that the Colon had lost only one
man killed and sixteen wounded. The
wounded were under the care of Sur
geon McGlll of the Resolute. The only
officer of the Colon who had been
wounded was the paymaster, whose
face had been torn by the concussion of
a 13-inch shell fired by the Oregon.
Many of the crew succumbed after be
:• X taken on board the Resolute. Dr.
ptcGlll found that a number of them
h^ their lower limbs much inflamed,
ana as a result of careful examination
and close questioning he discovered
that the inflammation was due to bites
of insects and subsequent poisons from
the scratching of dirty nails, they ap
parently having known nothing more
cleansing than the filthy water of San
tiago Hay.
To lead up to the more recent and
greatest disaster, I asked the assem
blage of officers grouped around me
what they thought of the Manila fight.
Apparently th^y did not understand,
and it was with difficulty I managed
to explain that their fleet had been de
stroyed in the Philippines. Polite in
credulity was my reward. An Illus
trated paper showing the destruction
of Montejo's ships by Admiral Dewey's
fleet was on a nearby table. I pre
sented that as a document in evidence.
Tre officers instantly crowded abou: it,
and excited comments told of their
absorbed interest in the pictured story
of Spanish disaster in the far East.
They told me that was the first ih«y
had heard of the affair, and their man
ner left no doubt.
Reverting to their own trouble, they
paid the Colon had been struck a num
ber of times, but not until the Oregon
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ppii rs 5
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in — noth-
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
perfection.
came within range and began hurling
her 13-inch shells at their ship did they
.'tbar.don hope of escape. One sheil had
pierced the quarter, and its explosion
ijetwoeen decks had convert?d three
cabins into one. The vessel was on fire
art. Another shell, a 12 or L3-tucta
missile, had struck the vessel near the
stern and had plowed half way to the
bow before exploding. The vessel's
three consorts were destroyed and the
Oregon was gaining on the fugitives
every minute, while the Brooklyn and
Texas were closing in. There was
nothing left but surrender, and turning
her bow to shore the vessel hauled
down her colors.
The rest I have told by cabel—
how the prisoners were transferred to
the Resolute and how the Oregon,
placing a prize crew on board, ran a"
hawser to the ship and endeavored to
drag her off thn ledge which was cut
ting into her keel— an effort which re
sulted in the sinking of the wreck.
DESTRUCTION OF THE
FUROR AND PLUTON
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., July 10.-
The experience of the torpedo boat de
stroyers Furor and Pluton is soon told.
j Their commanders, Captains Diego
| Carlier y Vellaquires of the Furor, and
; Pedro Barqual y Perez Do Bargoes of
the Pluton, were both rescued. Each of
1 the boats was manned by a crew of
seventy- two men. Twenty-one were
: saved from the Pluton and seventeen
; from the Furor. The boats cleared San
; tiago harbor in the wake of the cruis
. ers and were soon in the maelstrom of
! shells thrown by the rapid fire batteries
!of the American fleet. One big shell
(Captain Vellaquires says it was a 12
or 13 inch projectile) struck his vessel
amidships, cutting it almost in twain.
j ihe sagging ends dipped under and the
crew endeavored' to save themselves
from drowning by swimming ashore
The Pluton, cut to pieces by the shell
lire, was run ashore.
When asked why the boats had not
made an attack on the blockading fleet
the captain said they were convinced
that such an attack would have re
sulted in disaster to themselves, owing
to Admiral Sampson's system of block
ade and the alertness of the ships under
his command.
During the trip of the St. Louis up
the coast the captain of the Pluton told
Captain Handle of the St. Louis that
he had chased him on the night of May
16 and had come very near sinking him.
Captain Randle recalled the circum
stance, and remembered having seen
a dark object hovering in the wake of
his vessel on the night mentioned The
Pluton's commander said that he had
used every exertion to get within range
of the St. Louis, but that vessel's speed
was too great for him.
HAD SAVED HIS HONOR
BUT LOST HIS SHIP
PORTSMOUTH. N. H., July 10.-
Captain Eulate of the Vizcaya, wound-
I ed and depressed in spirit, said he had
(saved his honor, although he had lost
his ship. That was the wording of a dis
patch which he had sent his wife after
the destruction of the Vizcaya.
"When you think of the odds I en
i countered, you will see that I could do
no more than I did." Captain Eulate
said. "I had only one ship against four.
My enemies were the Brooklyn, Oregon
I and the Texas, and I think the lowa
, was the other. All four punished us
; severely, but it was the Texas that
gave us our coup de grace — a shell fired
from that vessel entering our port bow
and exploding one of the forward mag
azines. My men stood by their guns
j and fought like true Spaniards.
As the Spaniards lost all their ships
and half their number in killed and
wounded and had inflicted no damage
in return, there was none to gainsay
Captain Eulate's claim that his men
had fought like Spaniards.
"But naval conflicts now are not de
termined by courage," sighed the
mournful captain. "Victory is to the
finer machine, and the American ma
chines were better than ours. The
Vizcaya? Ah! she was a fine ship.
And now, what a wreck! Poor Spain!"
Captain Eulate commanded the Viz
caya during that vessel's visit to New
j York harbor a short time after the
Maine disaster. Before that he had
| come into notoriety as the officer who
had ordered the execution of the Com
petitor prisoners.
PLUCKY EFFORTS OF
THE LITTLE ERICSSON
PORTSMOUTH. N. H., July 10.— Out
of many "scraps of deeds and deeds of
daring" of that never to be forgotton
day of Santiago, the adventures and
exploits of the little torpedo boat Erics
son should be brought to light. Lieu
tenant Usher, big, blonde and dashing,
is an officer who would have made a
record like that of Cushing in this Avar
had he been given an opportunity. The
Ericsson was off Siboney when the
Spaniards made their desperate sortie,
and the torpedo boat went racing down
the coast line steering straight for the
thick of battle. The big battleship In
diana, eastward of the blockading
squadron, was heading straight for ihe
entrance of Santiago harbor in order
to block the return of the flying fugi
tives.
Through the smoke of her great bow
puns the Ericsson darted, lunging into
the swirling cloud of smoke that en
shrouded the fleet. But on the star
board bow a huge hull loomed through
a mist of bursting shells, and through
the whirling white a glimpse was had
of the flag of Spain, almost riddled but
still flying.
Over went the helm of the torpedo
boat and around swung the torpedo
tubes. The long-looked-for opportunity
to sink a ship of the enemy at last was
at hand. Nearer and nearer the great
hull loomed through the smoke. At last
the mark was fair, but the next mo
ment she had hauled down her colors.
And so it was. Cut to pieces by shells
and her decks on fire the Vizcaya had
struck her flag. Blindly groping she
found a ledge on which to rest her keel,
and the Ericsson, intent on destruction
a moment before, came near to rescue.
Many of the Vizcaya's men were then
in the water. The flagship signaled to
the Ericsson to drop back and pick them
up. Swimmers were helped on board,
and then Captain Evans of the lowa
signaled the Ericsson to range near the
Vizcaya and rescue the survivors of the
now fiercely burning wreck.
In prompt obedience the Ericsson ran
as close to the burning hulk as the heat
would permit, and a horrible sight was
there. On the port beam, off which the
Ericsson lay, frightful wounds had
been torn In the vessel's side, and
through the gaping orifices the crew on
the Ericsson could see the men of the
Vizcaya's fireroom force being broiled
by the fierce flames of the shell-pro
tected apartment. I have since been
told that they had been battened down
and had no means of egress.
But that was not all the horror.
Swinging from the boat falls were
dozens of men who apparently could
not swim and who had been driven to
those scorching threads of life by the
fierce heat of the burning ship. The
Ericsson could approach no nearer for
fear of being dashed to pieces against
the wreck. Her men shouted to the
wretched victims to jump, but they
would not or could not be made to
understand that efforts would be made
to save them, and not until a number
.of the Ericsson's men had made lines
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1898.
HURRYING
WATSON'S
SQUADRON
Its Appearance Expected
to Cause Spain to Sooq
Sue for Peace.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The 'Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: Confident of the early fall
of Santiago, the Navy Department is
making arrangements which it is ex
pected will result in advancing the date
of the Eastern squadron's departure to
Spain. Instead of proceeding to Mole
St. Nicholas, the rendezvous originally
selected, the colliers, which will be con
voyed by the auxiliary cruiser Yankee,
will sail eastward from Hampton
Roads and join the squadron at a fixed
point. As the Herald stated this morn
ing, the colliers will sail next Thurs
day. The Massachusetts and Oregon,
the battleships attached to the eastern
squadron, will remain at Santiago un
til that city has been captured, when
they will fill their magazines with 400
tons of ammunition and start for Spain
with the cruiser Newark, which is the
flagship, and the auxiliary cruisers
Dixie and Yosemite.
It is not expected by the War Board
that Admiral Camara will seek out the
American ships. His policy will prob
ably be to fight under the protection of
the Spanish shore batteries, leaving the
Canary- Islands to defend themselves as
best they can.
As the tusk of Commodore Watson
has been simplified by the return of
Admiral Camara to Spain, it is ex
pected that he will take possession of
one of the Canary Islands, where he
will station his colliers and operate
from it as a base. Such station will,
of course, necessitate the destruction
of the Spanish force in the Canary
Islands, after which the American fleet
will seek Admiral Camara and destroy
the vessels under his command.
The effect of the appearance of the
fleet in Spanish waters will naturally
interrupt commerce between Spain and
other European powers, and the ad
ministration believes that it will re
sult in the bringing of such pressure
to bear on the Madrid Government that
it will be compelled to sue for peace.
For this reason no preparations are
fast around their bodies and flung
themselves into the sea did the Span
iards seem to understand. One by one
they dropped off, and some were haul
ed on board the rescuing craft, but the
majority were drowned.
The engines of the Vizcaya had not
been stopped, and for hours after she
had struck were faithfully throbbing
at their useless task. Her guns, too,
had been left loaded, and one by one
these boomed a requiem over the dying
ship.
In all the Ericsson picked up nearly
100 survivors, among them the Viz
caya's commander, Captain Eulate. All
of the survivors were barefooted and
st untially clad, and this added to the
terror of this ghastly tragedy. The
steel decks of the torpedo boats were
uncomfortably hot and the barefooted
Spaniards were compelled to execute
a continual dance on the heated plates
to prevent the soles of their feet from
blistering. Many of them were frightful
ly wounded, and here the grim serious
ness of war comes in again. The padre
of the Vizcaya was asked by Lieuten
ant Usher to lend a hand in helping
the wounded, but he was unconcerned
as to their sufferings, and turning a
deaf ear he sat himself on a chest.
That chest happened to be needed for
a woundod man who was writhing on
the heated deck, but the padre refused
to surrender it. Usher motioned to his
muscular young executive. Ensign
Edie, and the padre vacated the chest
immediately and with some loss of dig
nity.
OQUENDO OFFICER
TELLS OF THE BATTLE
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., July 10.— The
captain of Almirante Oquondo suicided
by shuoting himself in the head when
he saw that his vessel was defeated.
One of his staff officers gave this ver
sion of the battle as seen from the
Oquendo:
"As we stood out of the harbor we
were engaged by two ships — the Oregon
and the Texas. I think they were. We
had seen the Texas fire on our forts,
and we knew what she could do with
her guns. Her shooting was always
magnificent and very rapid, so we fired
more at her than we did at the Oregon,
hoping to disable her."
The officer was told that the Oregon
far outclassed the Texas as a fighting
machine, and he seemed surprised to
hear it. "We had always thought," he
said, "that the Texas and the lowa
were the best two ships in the Ameri
can navy. We knew, of course, that the
Brooklyn was very fast; that is why
we planned to concentrate an attack
on her, hoping that if we crippled her
we would be able to run away from the
others."
COMMANDER M'CALLA
WAS EAGER TO FIGHT
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., July 10.—
Guantanamo, the newly conquered har
bor, lying thirty-nine miles to the east
ward of Santiago, received the start
ling news that Cervera was trying to
force his way out at 3 o'clock in the
afternoon. The bay was well populated
with ships, its sheltered waters afford
ing 1 a welcome haven for the weary
keels so long in ceaseless motion with
the bulky swells which forever roll off
Santiago's battered entrance. Among
the vessels that had sought its quiet
for various purposes of repair, for fuel
and for rest were the battle-ship Mas
sachusetts, the cruiser Newark (flag
ship of Commodore Watson), the con»
verted gunboats Suwanee and Hornet
and the torpedo-boats Dupont, Porter
and Foote. In addition there were the
regular guardships of the port, the
cruiser Marblohead and her little con
sort, the gunboat Annapolis, the hospi
tal ship Solace, repair ship Vulcan, two
prizes and about a dozen colliers and
transports.
I had gone ashore and had just fin
ished reading a digest of General A. \V.
Greely setting forth that thereafter
being made by the War Department to
send troops to the Canaries or to Spain.
FEAR THE ARRIVAL
OF WATSON'S SHIPS
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CADIZ, July lO^The Government
has wired orders to display the utmost
activity, fearing the arrival of the
, American squadron at ait early date.
I Guns and howitzers of 24 and 30 centi
meters have been placed on Punta Car-
I nero. Heavy artillery and a garrison
. have gone to Paloma Rocks, between
Carnero and Algeciras. Senor Oschando
has stated that neither Carnero nor
Ceuta are singly able to dominate the
entrance to the straits, their guns
not being heavy enough, but if well for
tified would prove a formidable bar
i rier to pass.
A special train of twenty-six cars
I has arrived at Algeciras with forty
1 eight quick-firing guns and ammuni
tion stores. Another train of the same
[ sort is coming to-night. The guns are
' being distributed in the neighborhood.
PORT SAID, July 10.— Excepting the
Pelayo and San Augustin, the whole
Spanish fleet has put to sea. Including
the canal pilotage and towage, the
amount paid to the Suez Canal Com
pany by the Spaniards now amounts to
£28,160 sterling. The Pelayo and San
Augustin are remaining here to trans
fer coal in the harbor. The Carlos V's
chief engineer died in the canal this
morning, and was buried here this af
ternoon.
GIBRALTAR, July 10.— Lloyd's
agent here has been officially instruct
ed to carefully watch for the passage
of Camara's fleet. Six thousand Span
iards, resident at Algiers, declare they
will resent the presence of Americans
at Ceuta. The authorities fear a water
famine. The stream at Camina is
drying up, and supplies are insuffi
cient for daily requirements.
no press matter was to be delivered or
received at the Guantanamo cable hut,
nor any commercial or personal mes
sages be sent or received, when Colo
nel Allen of the Signal Service came
dashing out of the tent where is lo
cated the wire connecting with Sibo
ney. The colonel wanted a boat, and
wanted it quickly. I offered him the
use of mine and we set off heading for
the Marblehead.
"What's the matter," I inquired.
Allen sent an anxious glance seaward
and urged the boatman to make haste.
"Might as well tell me," I Insisted.
"Your chief has barred me from giving
away any news."
"Cervera and his fleet have escaped,"
Allen said, as he sprang for the sea
ladder of the Marblehead.
Allen disappeared in Commodore Mc-
Calla's cabin, and a moment later I
caught a glimpse of that officer as he
rushed for the bridge. I did not hear
the orders given, but as I jumped into
my boat, accompanied by Colonel Allen,
I heard the click of the steam capstan
and saw a signal go fluttering to the
masthead. At the same instant the im
patient crack of a six-pounder demand
ed attention to the signal. Five minutes
later the Marblehead was going full
tilt for the fleet, which was then rid
dled and awash, but which, so far as
Commodore McCalla knew, was intact
and at sea. Had it been and had the
Marblehead encountered it, I have not
the slightest doubt but that the intrepid
cruiser would have fought them all and
kept up the fight so long as anything
above her water line was left."
FALL OF SANTIAGO
MAY END THE WAR
Peace Spirit Grows in Spain, Though
a Rabid Element Insists on
Further Fighting.
LONDON, July 10.— A special dispatch
from Madrid says: The fall of Santiago
will convince the most sanguine of the
hopelessness of the struggle, and will give
the Government the desired opportunity
at least to suggest an armistice for the de
cision of terms. Circumstantial state
ments are already in circulation to the
effect that the war is virtually ended
and that the Government has actually
opened peace negotiations, but they can
not be verilltd.
A detailed account has been published
of Spain's naval losses — twenty-one war
ship? and twenty-one merchantmen, as
against practically no losses on the Amer
ican side. This tends to convince the
most rabid war advocate, and, as for a
long time past, the whole commercial ana
Industrial interests of Spain are bringing
strong influence to bear in favor of peace.
Every day that passes without disturo
ance strengthens the peace party. It is
believed, however, that there is a strong
undercurrent in favor of continuing the
war, and the attitude of the Carlists and
Republicans causes anxiety.
A mysterious, black-edged, unsigned
manifesto appeared in the leading squares
of Madrid to-day (Sunday) bearing the
municipal stamp and) headed "Gloria Vic
tus," with an angel supporting a dead,
naked soldier. The manifesto contains an
eloquent appeal from Spanish mothers,
calling for the regeneration of the coun
try on the basis of the army, and cry
ing "Down with bribed politicians ann
bought jress." Four million copies of
this manifesto have been distributed
through Spain, and it is attracting con
siderable attention.
The whole of Admiral Camara's squad
ron, with the exception of the Pelayo and
the San Augustin. which are waiting at
Port Said for a transfer of coal, is now
en route for Spain.
Camara's Officers Deeply Affected.
MESSINA, Sicily, July 10.— Last night
the officers of the torpedo boat destroyers
which accompanied Admiral Camara to
Port Said, arrived here on the return
trip. They were greatly affected on learn
ing of the destruction of Admiral Cer
vera's fleet, declaring themselves ready
to make every sacrifice and determined to
fight to the last.
Considered Cuba's Defenses.
MADRID. July 10.— The Cabinet council
to-day, the Ministers declare, did not
touch the peace question. On the con
trary war was the principal object of the
Government's deliberations. The council
was occupied with a dispatch from Gov
ernor General Blanco detailing his means
of defense in Cuba.
DIED.
OAK— In this city, July 10, 1898. lln. Mary
Oak, a native of Inland, aged 63 years.
CERVERA AND HIS
MEN ARRIVE ON
THE ST. LOUIS
Spanish Prisoners to Be Detained
at the Portsmouth Naval
Reservation,
The Broken-Hearted Old Admiral Will Be Per
mitted to Stop at a Hotel at
Newcastle.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., July 10.—
auxiliary cruiser St. Louis with 746
Spanish prisoners, including 54 officers,
arrived in Portsmouth harbor at 8:30
o'clock this morning, and a few mm-
utes later dropped anchor just above
Fishing Island The big liner left
Guantana™ at , „£* Tuesday a£ _
ternoon July 5, and did not make a
stop until she dropped anchor in Ports-
mouth harbor. Including the prisoners
there were 1036 people on board the
boat, and out of this number there
were 91 sick and wounded Spaniards
under the care of surgeons.
Admiral Cervera is confined to his
cabin, having been quite ill for the past
three days althh he was able to be
dressed this morning. Captain Eulate,
who was the commander of the Viz-
caya, and is among the prisoners, is
also quite ill, having been wounded in
the head during the battle off Santi-
ago.
At 9:15 this morning the tug A. W.
Chesterton went alongside the St.
Louis with Health Officer F. S. Towle,
who went on board. He made a thor
ough examination of the vessel, visited
all of the sick, and found that most of
the sickness was due to wounds re
ceived during the battle, or to expo
sure. He says there is no evidence of
yellow fever or other contagious dis
eases, and the people in the vicinity of
where the prisoners are to be confined
need feel no alarm about pestilence
breaking out.
All of the Spanish commisioned of
ficers have been on parole and had the
freedom of the shi > with one exception,
and he was the Governor of Santiago
de Cuba, who was trying to escape
from the city on Admiral Cervera's
flagship, when she was destroyed on
that memorable morning of July 4. He
refused to sign the parole papers, and
consequently was confined in one of the
cabins under guard. The remainder of
the prisoners were confined between
decks and closely guarded. A detach
ment of twenty-eight marines from the
United States steamer Brooklyn, under
Lieutenant Bordan, and twenty-one
marines from the United States steam
er Marhlehead were put aboard the St.
Louis when she left Ouantanamo for
the north, to guard the prisoners, but
they had little or no trouble with the
men.
The prisoners, as well as the Spanish
officers, are dressed in" clothes of every
description, as most of them had come
aboard with very little clothing, and
what they are wearing was given them
by the officers and men from the Amer
ican fleet.
Admiral Cervera remained In his
cabin during the trip. Health Officer
Towle visited him and was warmly
greeted. He shook hands with the
health officer, and in good English said
he was situated very pleasantly on the
boat, and had received nothing but the
kindest and most considerate treat
ment from both officers and men ever
since he had been taken prisoner. He
had not been feeling well for the past
three or four days, but expected to be
all right in a short time. He presents
TORAL'S OFFER
OF SURRENDER IS
AT ONCE REFUSED
Copyrighted. W3B. by the Associated Presa.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS BOAT WANDA, OFF JURA
GUA, July 9, via Port Antonio and
Kingston, Jamaica, July 10.— The sur
render of Santiago was formally of
fered by the Spanish commander, Gen
eral Toral to-day, but the conditions
attached caused a prompt refusal of
the offer ljy General Shafter. The ne
gotiations, however, resulted in the ex
tension of the armistice until noon
Sunday, and while flags of truce still
float over the opposing armies.
General Toral's proposal contem
plated the immediate surrender of the
city, but he insisted that his army be
permitted to march away under arms
and with flying colors, and declared
that he would fight to the last ditch
unless the conditions were accepted.
General Shafter replied that nothing
but unconditional surrender would be
considered by him, but he consented to
cable the Spanish offer to Washington,
in the meantime extending the armis
tice.
It was shortly before noon to-day
when a little group of Spanish officers
under a flag of truce came out from
under the yellow wall of the besieged
city and slowly made its way toward
the American line. A detail was sent
to meet them and they were escorted to
comfortable quarters, while the letter
from General Toral was carried to
General Shafter's tent, two miles from
the front. The letter was couched in
the icily courteous terms characteristic
of such communications, and was as
brief as possible. It bore the signature
of General Toral, who commands at
Santiago since General Linares was
wounded, and stated that he was pre
pared to surrender the city provided
his army would be permitted to capit
ulate "with honor." This, he explained,
meant that the Spanish should be un
molested and go in any direction they
wished with arms and flying their col
ors. The letter concluded with the bold
statement that surrender under any
other terms was an impossibility and
would not be considered.
General Shatter immediately cabled
the facts to Washington, and sent to
General Toral a refusal of his proposal,
but added that he would communicate
with his Government and would ex
tend the informal armistice until Sun
day noon.
It is deemed probable that the truce
may extend even beyond the time des
ignated, as the offer of General Toral
to surrender on any terms is regarded
as an indication that the Spanish com
mander has dealded upon surrender
upon the best terms obtainable.
The general condition of tue health
the appearance of a broken-hearted
; man, and keenly feels the loss of his
j fleet, containing the pick of the Span
ish navy.
i Tne crew of tne St- Louis have had
! nothin S whatever to do with the pris
< oners since they came aboard, and have
$*&£
: lsh surgeons on board, who have taken
I good care of the sick and nded
i prisoners. There are'about forty of the
! latter, the remainder being ill from
! the effects of exposure and the rain
during the battle. No one is allowed on
board the prison ship and none of the
°mcer£» or crew are allowed on shore,
TAt U -|° tne fl J; st officer from the St.
n^TVar ndfo\ P ffi i n aVnoUfy A^a!
Carpenter of the arrival of the vessel(
nd with messages for Captain Phil
lips. Cadet Fremont of the St. Louis
landed with a gig loaded with mail
from the fleet, and it was sent in bags
to the postoffice. Ensign Palmer came
ashore with important official dis
patches for Washington, and left at
2:25 this afternoon with a large grip,
which he would allow no one to han
dle.
Admiral Carpenter has effected the
arrangements to land the prisoners at
their quarters on Seavey's Island to
morrow afternoon, and at 2 o'clock the
tug Piscataqua will take three barges
loaded with prisoners to the island.
On the way up from Santiago a num
ber of the Spanish seamen said that
they had had enough of fighting, at
least with the Yankees.
It is said that Admiral Sampson's re
port to the Navy Department of the de
struction of Cervera's fleet is about
12,000 words. Ensign Palmer carried
the document, which was in book form.
It is understood that Admiral Cer
vera has accepted an invitation to stay
at a hotel at Newcastle, about four
miles from the navy yard.
Admiral Cervera came on deck late
this afternoon and consented to talk
with representatives of the press, who
went out to the St. Louis on a tug.
"You ask me," he said, "how I like
America and I answer that I have al
ways liked and, I may say, loved your
people, but this war has been a duty
with me and the men under me. I
knew the American fleet clearly out
classed us, but it was a question of
fighting either inside or outside the
I harbor. I have many friends in Amer
ica and have only the kindliest feelings
I for them, but every man has a duty to
to his country, and all Span
iards tried to perform that duty. There
has been much feeling in Spain, and I
want all Spain to know the truth, that
every ship of my squadron fought until
the last, and when we could do no more
we surrendered. I have much interest
to know the exact situation in Lpain.
"Captain Goodrich has treated us all
as well as any one could possibly be
treated. My officers have occupied
quarters in the saloon and we cannot
complain."
A telegram was taken out to Admiral
Cervera at 10:30 to-night. Nothing is
known as to the sender or the purport
of the dispatch.
of the American troops is excellent, but
the water supply is poor, and a number
of cases of malarial fever have devel
oped. No deaths have resulted, how
ever, and in nearly all instances the
fever has been broken by a liberal use
of quinine. The hardships of the cam
paign and the fears of possible attacks
of fever have rid the army in the field
and on the coast of non-combatants,
with the exception of a few newspaper
correspondents who have been on th-;
ground since the American warships
appeared off Santiago, and who con
stitute the force able to report the
progress of the war with the assistance
of the dispatch boat service. The sec
ond fleet of transport arrived off
Juragua this morning bearing 2500
troops, including a large detachment of
artillery. If the peace negotiations fail
the heavy guns will be a most valuable
addition to the artillery now in the
field, and it is expected that they will
be rushed forward to the front. The
new troops will be landed to-morrow
and pushed forward as rapidly as pos
sible.
The days of temporary peace are be
ing utilized by both armir-s In strength
ening their defenses. The Americans
have strongly entrenched themselves i
and the artillery now at the front has
been placed in a strong position be- !
hind earthworks, and will be able to !
cover the advance of the troops much :
more effectively than during the pre
vious engagement.
The wounded in the hospitals are
being well cared for. and in almost
every instance are recovering rapidly
LOVES SPAIN MORE THAN
HE DOES THE QUEEN
General Campos Denies That He Ex
pressed Unconcern Over Cer
vera's Defeat.
MADRID July 10.-Marshal : Martinez
Campos, In the course of an interview at !
San Sebastian said it was impossible that i
negotiations for peace should be entered i
upon;by .; the Spanish ( and American Gov
ernments, f r , the reason ' that the time I
was not yet ripe. He had always advo- I
catod reforms for Cuba since 1869, but not \
autonomy "rf He fully recognized that au
tonomy had Ot achieved the expected re- j
suits, partly ., ln consequence lof the island .
»ar and partly because it had been grant
ed too late, "in 1896," he said, "the late
tenor Canovas, , when ! premier, had pro- i
posed to him to introduce autonomy, but !
he (Campos) ; declined to ; do so, consider- 1
ing; the time unfavorable
uted o a h(£ a^ pos denied a remark attrib
the'llSq-S'W he was less concerned at
thin Tt th Ad mlraJ ' Cervera's squadron
"I beli^?- 0S^ 2 Of the Queen Regent,
and mon^{, he declared - "that Spain
buY T«m fl C rrea c intimately connected,
fe^tlon fir^T? 1 # ; all a Spaniard. 'My af
mv aff«ST«« # Queen Regent is great/but
1 my affection for my ■ country is greater." I
SPANIARDS ON
HOBSON'S FEAT
Cervera's Admiration of
Heroism.
WISHED TO RETAIN THE MEN
BUT HAD TO TUBN THEM OVER
TO LINAA£S.
Spanish Officer Who Was K:nd to the
Brave Prisoners Afterward
Killed by an American
ShelL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTSMOUTH. N. H., July 10.— I
heard on board the St. Louis the story
of the sinking of the Merrimac first
told from the Spanish side. The Mer
rimac's presence had not been discov
ered until she was well in the channel.
Then the machine guns on the shore
batteries were turned upon her, but
with what effect the Spaniards did not
accurately ascertain. Mines were laid
in two strings across the harbor's en
trance, and one mine from each string
was exploded. About the same time
two torpedoes were fired at the dark
hull occupying the entrance, which, so
far as the defenders knew, was the ad
vance guard of the fleet endeavoring to
force a passage into the harbor. One
.orpedo was sent from the Reina Mer
.edes, and the other from the torpedo
ooat destroyer Pluton, but neither took
effect. Then the Merrimac immolated
herself on her own torpedoes, and Hob
son and his band flung themselves on a
little raft and managed to struggle
clear of the whislpools which were all
around the sinking wreck. The raft
was capsized and the oars and row
locks lost. The flood tide swept it into
Santiago Bay, and a boat from the
Maria Teresa picked it up. Cervera
himself was in the boat and told how
his men had sighted the incoming craft
and how he had wanted the honor of
personally capturing the brave men
who had risked their lives in an effort
to block his ships in the harbor.
Hobson and his party were taken on
board the Relna Mercedes and treated
well. The second officer of the vessel
gave Hobson his stateroom and fitted
him with dry clothing from his own
wardrobe. That officer was killed the
next day by a shell fired from the
American fleet.
General Linares, as soon as he heard
of the capture, demanded the surrender
of the prisoners to his custody. Cer
j vera hesitated, but was forced to com
: ply. Hobson wrote a letter of protest
i to Cervera, which led to an interview
: between himself and the valiant old
I admiral. Cervera explained that It was
i his wish to keep Hobson as his own
; prisoner, but he was obliged to sur-
I render him. Hobson thanked Cervera
| for many kindnesses shown him and
I was then led as a hostage to Linares.
It may be remembered that the Her
! aid cabled an inquiry to Cervera as to
i the whereabouts and welfare of Hob
son. Before replying to it Cervera took
j it upon himself to pay a visit to Hob
| son and personally Inform himsplf aa
i to how the young officer was faring In.
j the hands of Linares.
SPANISH SOLDIERS
ARE SURRENDERING
They "Would Come Over by Whole
Companies, if Certain of Kind
Treatment.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Hf-ald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GENERAL, SHAFTER'S HEAD
QUARTERS, BEFORE SANTIAGO,
July 9, by the Call-Herald dispatch
boat Somers N. Smith, to Kingston,
Jamaica, July 10.— Since the first day
of July the appearance of the hills
about Santiago has been so altered that
a native would not recognize them.
When I first climbed them there was
nothing in the high waving grass but
dead Spaniards and panting American
soldiers lyin"- on their backs, too hot
and tired to pursue the enemy further.
Now this side of the hills is a succes
sion of bomb-proof rifle pits, trenches
and redoubts, that look like the open
ings of many mines. They threaten
every foot of ground between us and
Santiago, and no army could live un
der the American fire three hours.
Nineteen Spanish soldiers ran into
our lines this morning and surrendered
They say that if their comrades were
once certain of being safe in our lines
they would desert in companies. Dur
ing the last three months their pay
consisted of three packages of cigar
ettes. RICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
PLACES TOB WOODLAND MEN.
Twenty to Enlist in Nevada Volun-
teer Companies.
WOODLAND, July 10.— A telegTam was
received in this city to-day from Gov
ernor Sadler of Nevada, offering free
transportation to San Francisco for twen
ty men of the late Company F. to recruit
the Nevada companies. Twenty men will
leave at once and five times as many ara
anxious to go.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LEADING CASH GROCERS.
SPECIAL SALE FOR THE WEEK.
: HAMS—
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. per
pound 110
! FLOUR—
Patent Roller Family Flour, 5ack... #1.20
: Corn and Gloss STARCH—
l-lb. package Be, 6-lb. box 400
BLEACHING SOAP—
39 large cakes fI.OO
Take advantage of this sale; nothing
better produced.
BUCKWHEAT FLOUR—
Self-rais!ng 2-lt\ package ioo
Canned Salmon Steaks—
Columbia River pack, choice selected
cuts, regular lie, 3 cans 25 O
, California Cream Cheese —
New Full Cream, 2 pounds 20c
Tourist and picnic supplies.
Full line of cigars and tobacco.
Telephone South, 232.
Send for Catalogue.
We ship goods to the country free of
I charge within 100 miles.
J1324-1326 MARKET ST.
AND 134 SIXTH STREET.CERVE RA SW AM FROM HIS
SHIP TO THE SHORE
Tbe Admiral and \r\\s Son Surrendered to the
Little Gloucester After hjaving Gained
the Beach.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., July 10.— Assisted by his son. Admiral Cer
vera swam ashore from his burning flagship, the Maria Teresa, and
was picked up by the United States torpedo boat Gloucester, Lieuten
ant Commander Richard Wainwrlght. Cervera and his son had on no
garments but their underclothes when taken on board the Gloucester.
The officers of the vessel fitted them out with wearing npparel. They
were then transferred to the battleship lowa, where they were re
ceived with all the consideration due to the gallant and vanquished
foe.
On the deck of the lowa Cervera met Eulate, commander of the
Viseaya. The meeting was an affecting one. Eulate, with much emo
tion, told his chief how Captain Evans had refused to take his sword,
paying that he had surrendered his ship to four vessels, not to the
lowa alone, and that therefore he would not receive the sword. Eu
late was much affected by the magnanimity of Evans and told Cervera
that It v. as the proudest moment of his life when the gallant American
commander allowed him to retain his treasured blade.
The Vizcaya survivors and wounded were helped on board the
lowa. Many of the men were fearfully mangled. Surgeon Rand Cran
dall of the lowa took charge of the maimed, dressed their wounds and
did all That was possible to alleviate the pain.
Admiral Cervera was greatly touched by the humanity and zeal
displayed by the young medical officer, and as a token of his apprecia
tion gave Dr. Crandall his autograph, saying simply that he had no
other souvenir to offer, he, too, having lost "all but honor."
The wounded who died after being taken on board were buried at
sea from the lowa, and with the honors of war. They were wrapped
In the flag for which they had fought so well, and by order of Cap
tain Evans three volleys were fired as the bodies went over the side.
GRAVE CHARGE
BY A PASTOR
Teachers of San Jose
Accused.
DEMAND FOR AN INQUIRY
DR. MCLAREN'S PLAIN TALK TO
HIS CONGREGATION.
Declares That the Reports of Im
morality in the High School
Must Be Investi
gated.
Epec'.al Dispatch to The Call.
PAX JOSE, July 10.— Rev. Dr. Mc-
Laren of the Second Presbyterian
Church, before a large congregation
this morning, took up the subject of
the recent difficulty in the liigh
school, and made plain charges of im
morality against the faculty of the
school in general. When he finished
the congregation applauded, a thing
npver. before known in his church. His
sermon was freely discussed about the
streets to-day. It probably will lead to
an investigation of the BchooL His
text was from Mark 8:SC: "What shall
it profit a man if he shall gain the
whole world and lose his own soul.
Said he:
Relief from a threatening condition in
this State can come only from a. quickened
conscience, a higher standard of citizen
ihip and freedom from corrupt politics.
Lest they should lie dormant in San Jose
any longer Let us speak out. loud and
fearlessly. Already the spell seems to be ■,
br< aklng. The mass meeting on Thurs- j
day night two weeks ago was one of
the most hopefully prophetic things that
has ever occurred in this city. The sus
! plclon that there was corruption and
I wrong in our school system brought to
! gether spontaneously a great and deter
mined crowd of our noblest and best citi- {
z»ns and they will not rest or keep quiet !
until the whole matter has been made ,
right.
There are a number of excellent teach- j
er« In our high school, but the only one
who has attained a reputation throughout
the State is Professor Smith. The su
preme success of a teacher lies not only
In his scholarship but in his personality.
Arnold of Rugby and Johns Hopkins'
Horace Mann attained their high posi
tions because of their power to awaken
pure thoughts and noble aspirations in
the minds of their pupils. Professor
Smith has manifested this power in a !
large degree, and many parents have sent
their children to our high school so that
they might be under his Influence. And
vet Professor Smith is discharged and
all the rest of the faculty is retained.
Now here we approach a most delicate
Bubject and one on which the conscience
of the people of San Jose is becoming
fearfully awake. It is useless to deny the
fact that there arc lnlluences associated
i with the high school that are not devel- I
I oping pure thoughts and conversation
; among the pupils. It is common fame all
over the city that in the high school there
are suggestions of evil that are fatal to
purity Of heart.
If there was a suspicion that certain
parties were conspiring to poison the res
ervoirs of the water supply of our city
there would be a tumult of excitement
and armed citizens would be on guard
and no one would drink the water while
the least suspicion as to Its character
remained.
Poison for the body is not as deadly a
thing as poison for the heart and soul and
I am sure that I speak the overwhelming
sentiment of our city when I demand that
the high school shall not be opened until
it has been thoroughly purified from
everything which the most searching in
vestigation shall reveal to be dangerous
to the hearts of our children.
What shall it profit to us if we have the
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
H». JHi UWnEsmmcuß *-^^V-
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DIBOBDEES
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Gi'ldia^ss. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushlnjrs
Of Hoat. Lo3s of Appetite. Costiveness.
Ulotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
tiirbod Sleep. FriKhtful Dreams and all
Nervous aud Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
•IN TWENTY MINUTEB. Eyerr sufferer
will acknowledge them to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BBCCBAirs PILLS, taken asdirect-
ed. will quickly restore Femalos to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irreKulorities of tho Bys-
tem and cure Nick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hure th»
LARCEST SALE
•f any Patent .Medicine in the VTorld.
25c. at all Dru B Stores.
most magnificent high school edifice In
the State If Influences are allowed to lurk
within that will imperil the soul of those
that are to be educated?
SANTA CLARA'S SLAP
AT THE REA GANG.
Professor Leigh R. Smith Elected
Principal of the High
School.
SAX JOSE, July 10.— Professor Leigh
R. Smith has been elected principal of the
Santa Clara High School. This is a slap
in the face to the Koa gang, and shows
that San Jose's largest suburb has thrown
off fi.mg rule. H. M. Bland, who was
principal of the Santa Clara school, is
iiiaking a fight for the nomination for
County Superintendent of Schools at the
fall elections. His political work was
distasteful to the Santa Clara trustees,
and so he resigned to accept a position
with the University of the Pacific. The
election of Professor Smith last nlghi
a that Rea has lost control of the
oL Smith has been offered the prin
cipalship of the Los Gatos High School
also.
At the last school election these two
places, together with a dozen more towns
through the county, voted down gang
rule, and elected Trustees who were will
ing to look after the people's interests.
FRIGHTFUL ATROCITIES
OF CHINESE REBELS
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1888, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HONGKONG, July 10.— The rebels In
Kwaag Si and Kwang Tung continue to
create disturbances. The gunboat Tweed
has been dispatched against them. The
rebels on Friday entered the city of Pak
lan, where they found the magistrate and
his family in hiding. '1 hey poured kero
sene over the magistrate and set fire to
him, then butchered his family.
At Yungun Aw rebels have been killed.
Great numbers of bodies are flouting pust
at Wood Chow. There have been severa.
piracies.
POPULISTS AT SACRAMENTO.
The Battle Royal Begins To-Day.
Shanahan Out for the Nomination.
SACRAMENTO. July lv.— There is little
to indicate to-night that on Tuesday
morning the Populists will meet in what
promises to be the warmest State con
vention in the party's history.
The bay counties have contributed a
fair proportion of their delegates and
party leaders, while from the north a
number of third party statesmen, headed
by Code Commissioner T. W. 11. Bhana
han, have descended upon the Capitol
City, but the southern contingent, the
shouters for Magulre and fusion, are
holding off and will not get in until to
morrow.
The lobby of the Golden Eagle is de
serted, not a politician of any brand or
description is to be seen in or around the
Western, but at the State House the tall
sycamore of Shasta is holding forth to a
select group including It. H. Webster,
himself, toying with a buzzing guberna
torial bee. George W. Montelth, Carlton
Johnson and a f«-w others. The talk to
night among the few who are here, is
"no fusion."
Shanuhan will not admit, nor will he
deny that he is a candidate, but his
friends are not so shy. Tint.' boldly de
clare that he is in the fight to stay and
with him it is no compromise.
There Is every indication that there will
be a hard ana stubborn fight when the
convention meets to-morrow in thu as
sembly chamber at the State CapitOl. The
result will entirely depend on the propo
sition of fusion with the Democrats.
Those who are in favor of fusion will pre
sent the name of Congressman James O.
Magul^-e for Governor, and tho.se opposeu
to it will place in nomination the "Tall
Sycamore of Shasta"— Shanahan. The
fusion contingent believes that Mnguire
has the Inside track in the Democratic
race, and that it would be advisable to
nominate him.
While Mayor Phelan Is taking a vaca
tion at Lake Tahoe, his friends are not
resting. They are working every wire
possible to secure for him the Democratic
nomination and are not overlooking the
Populist convention. In the absence of
t!ic Southern delegates, with the excep
tion of less than half a dozen from Fres
no, Maguire's friends are not on exhibi
tion and there Is no proselyting going on
in his behalf. To-morrow, however, will
bring large contingents from every sec
tion and the picket firing of to-night will
develop Into a battle royal.
So far there is little talk of candidates,
the main interest centering on the at
tempt of the Maguires to capture the con
vention.
MORE ANTT-FUSIONISTS .
Marin County Delegates Pass Anti-
Bailroad Resolutions.
SAUSALITO. July 10.-At the Marln
County Populist convention held here to
day, forty delegates present, with E. W.
| Smith of San Rafael In the chair, and C.
J. Gardner of Mill Valley secretary, the
following antl-fuslon, anti-railroad reso
lutions were unanimously adopted:
Resolved. That we are unutterably opposed
to «U fusion that would Involve any mirrender
of Popuilst principles or that wouIU in any
wise affect the Integrity of the People's party,
and
Resolved. That the only common ground
upon which the reform forces of this State
can mwt is that of the railroad issue; and
Resolved. That the delegates of this county
are Instructed to oppose any and all fusion
nut based upon the destruction of the South
ern Paelllc Railroad monopoly and the re
demption of California from Its corrupt domi
nation.
The following were elected delegates to
the Sacramento convention: (ieor«e W.
Montelth of San Rafael. State oommittee
man: Charles Dubols of Sun Rafael M
W. Grasser of Sausalito. Chairman Smith
and Secretary Gardner were elected mem
bers of the new county committee wltn
the following: J. Vonson, San Antonio;
1\ A. MfGovern. Bolinas; Jacob Slrett
matter, Sausalito; Joseph Klein, Tiburon,
Thorn.is Payne, Sausalito.
After approving the stand of George
W. Monteith two years ago In flghtlnK fu
sion and remaining loyal to the ticket,
the committee ordered clubs organized in
San Rafael, Sausalito, Tiburon, Mill Vai
ley, Tomales and Bolinas.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1898.
TURNERS SING
FOR PRIZES
Season of Melody at the
Fest.
FIVE SOCIETIES COMPETE
WINNEB TO BE ANNOUNCED
TO-NIGHT.
Throughout the Day San Jose's
Merry Guests Enjoy Them
selves at Agricultural
Park.
Special Plppatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, July 10.— The Turners
carried everything by storm to-day,
and not for a lons time- have the
streets of the Garden City presented
such an animated scene. From early
morning until midnight the thorough
fares have been thronged. The large
number here last evening was aug
mented by the arrival of an excursion
train from San Francisco this morn
ing, bringing about 800 visitors. Among
these were 300 of the delegates who
have been in attendance at the Na
tional Bund. They went at once to
Agricultural Park and joined in the
festivities there. The attendance at the
festival exceeds that of any previous
one, and the entries are larger.
This evening at Turn Verein Hall occur
red the prize contest of the various sing
ing sections. The singing was grand.
i Every number was finely rendered and
I it was almost impossible for the audience
to make a choice. The entertainment
opened with mass singing by the visiting
| Turners under the direction of Professor
• Fischer of San Francisco.
Tin-re wen- live societies In the contest—
the Schwahen Verein of San Francisco,
singing section of Oakland Turn Verein,
Singing section of San Francisco Turn
Verein, Socialer Manner Choir of San
I Francisco and Arion Verein of San Fran
j cisco. The llrs^t number was by the
Schwaben Verein, under the leadership
of Professor Panz. The selection rendered
j was "O. Wald Wle Schoen Blst Du."
The Singing section of the Oakland Turn
1 Verein followed. Us leader was Professor
i Albrecht and it sang "Ldebe Dich." The
San Francisco Turn Verein singing sec
■ tion with Professor Fischer as leader,
1 gave "Die Stille Wasserrose." The selee
i tion of Socialer Manner Choir was "Ar
j belter Ouf." Professor Dielz was the
: leader "Morgenlied" was the selection
: of the Arion Verein, under the leadership
of Professor Holzhauer.
The judges returned a soajed decision
which will not be opened until to-murrow
night Prominent musicians, however,
predict that the Oakland Verein singing
i section has been given the award. The
! Judges of the contest were Messrs. Aug
i ust Bchuler, Zimmennann, Bolza, Kueste
mann and H. Suder.
Fourteen members of the turning sec
j tiun of Eintracht Verein of San Francisco,
under direction of Professor Staid, gave
. a line exhibition of pyramids.
Agricultural Park was the scene of to
day a festivities. The various societies
formed at Turn Verein Hall and marched
' to the grounds at S o'clock this morning
and the whole day was given over to
entertainment and enjoyment. Th<;
I grounds under the grove were handsome
•ly decorated and arranged about the
platform were refreshment booths of all
| kinds. The different verelns had their
I own separate places of refreshment, and
there guests were treated to open hos
: pitallty. The Orion Singing Verein of
San Francisco had its headquarters In
] a well arranged tent, which was crowdeu
; with friends all day.
During the afternoon the platform was
' given over to dancing and there the young
; people not Interested in athletics whiled
away the time, it was nice and shady
! under the trees ami groups and families
: Btrolled off and ate their lunches. Bongs
were n ndered by different societies. The
1 day dosed all too quick for the merry
i makers, and those in attendance were
loth to leave at the time of departure.
In athletics there was exciting sport
and the Inclosed spare was thickly lined
: with people. Here Turners from all over
I the State vied with each other In high and
! broad Jumping and shot putting. Besides
these there was an informal general ath
! letic exhibition.
The societies competing and the num
ber of men entered are as follows: San
j Francisco Turn Verein, 30: San Francisco
! Eintracht Turn Section, 30: Mission Turn
Vereln of San Francisco, 16; San Francis-
I co Vorwaerts Vereln, 10; Oakland Turn
Vereln, 10: Stockton Turn Vereln, 6; Los
! Angeles Turn Vereln. 2S; Sacramento
Turn Verein, 10: Anaheim Turn Verein
j 10; San Diego Turn Verein, 6; San Jose
| Turn Verein, 10.
The athletes were a well-formed and
Btalwart lot of men. Their work was excel
| lent and they were vigorously applauded
when extra s)-'U was shown.
The ofllcialh %i charge of the athletics
are- San Francisco Turn Verein. Robert
Harth instructor. Alfred Fuerth E
Goeckertz; Vorwaerts San Francisco N
; Frunkenberg. H. Muller; Eintracht Turn
; Section Ban Francisco, 11. C. F. Stahl mi
i Btructor, H. Knaack, K. Ellenberg- Mis
sion Turn Vereln, If. Fuhrberg instructor
J. Struven; Oakland Turn Verein, Paul
Uth. instructor; Marysville Turn Verein
Conrad Wiedemann, instructor; Los An
geles Turn Verein. Carl Ross. Instructor
I Carl Enterman, J. Gorklns; San Jose Turn
Verein. L. Henning. F. Hutler. 11. Leibe
i Anaheim Turn Verein, 11. Ahlborn Lead
!er . Fred Willenbrink; IW.irkrturnwart
! San Francisco Turn Verein.
Tho first on the programme waa the
i mass wand drill. This was held outside
and was under the direction of L. -Weber
Instructor of the San Jose Turn Verein!
All the societies were represented, and
there were 120 men In the exercise. They
prsented a fine appearance in their gray
i suits, the sun flashing on their bright
I steel wands. Their movements in time
j and precision were one and the audience
■ was liberal in applause.
The wand exercises by classes followed
,on a platform in the eucalyptus grove
' Six societies entered the competition, and
i their work was highly praised. The
vereins participating were: San Fran
! Cisco Turn Verein, R. Barth, instructor
24 men; Los Angeles Turn Verein, Carl
Ross, instructor, 24 men; Mission Turn
; Verein, Henry Fuhrberg, instructor, 12
i men; Eintracht Turn Section, H. C. P.
I Stahl, instructor, 20 men; Anaheim Turn
1 Vereln, Carl Ross, instructor, 7 men; Vor
waerts Turn Verein of San Francisco, Dr.
Max Magnus, instructor, 7 men.
Seven points is the highest number to
be made, and the decision will not be
made public until the close of the tourna
ment. The Los Angeles Turn Verein
made a fine showing, and will probably
get first prize, with the San Francisco
Turn Verein second nnd Eintracht Turn
Section third. The Vorwaerts of San
Francisco was undoubtedly the best of
all. but Is in another class from those
just mentioned. The Judges of the wnnd
exercises were: Henry Suder, H. Groenar
and A. Schmitt of Chicago and William
Reuter of Davenport, : lowa. 'They are
I prominent instructors of the East, who
were delegates to the National Bund at
San Francisco. '
The turning was by classes, and no
! awards will made until It is completed.
! The competition between the Los An
'• geles Turn Verein. San Francisco Ttirn
I Verein and Elntrncht Veretn r>f San Fran
cisco is so close that it will bo impossible
to tell which ofthem Is first until the
last point is counted. The best records
made in to-day's events are:
T'lttln* shot— W. E. Hlng. San Francisco
Turn Vereln, 33 feet 4 Inrhes.
IllKh Jump— William Blusser, T.,os Angeles
Turn Vereln. 5 feet 4 inches: A. Keunzle, San
Francisco Klntrncht, .1 feot 2 Inches.
Hroad Jump— Charles Gullmer, Los Angeles
Turn Vereln. and A. Keunzie, San Francisco
EUntracbt. tied with 19 feet 2 lnchog; F. HnfT
nifin. S;m Francisco Turn Vereln. If) feet 1 Inch.
To-morrow morning at 7 o'clock there
will be reveille at Turn Verein, after
which various organizations will march
to Agricultural Park, where the athletics
will be resumed. The afternoon will be
devoted to memorial services in honor of
the German patriots of 1848.
SPLENDID WORK OF
BATTLESHIP OREGON
PORTSMOUTH, N. H.. July 10.— No complete account of the ex
act manner in which the ships of Cervera's fleet met disaster Is yet
possible, so inextricably intermingled are the many incidents of that
thrilling day, and not until all the official reports are in and data com
pared will it be possible to know even approximately what damage
individual American ships inflicted. After clearing the harbor at the
entrance each of the Spanish ships groped blindly to its destiny, each
having Its own adventures and each meeting and wrestling with its
fate.
There were no fleet signals— no signals of any sort. In fact, except
the warning numeral "200," which said, "Enemy coming out." There
was no "Remember the Maine" nor anything else of the sort. The foe
was sighted coming out of Santiago and the American ships went for
him the moment he was descried, the lowa, Oregon, Texas and Brook
lyn. The Indiana, far to the eastward and now of little speed, did all
that was possible for her to do, steaming toward the enemy as fast as
her slow speed would allow, opening with her powerful forward battery
Of two 13-inch and two 8-inch rifles as soon as she was in range,
and then taking a position at the entrance of Santiago harbor to cut
off the retreat of Cervera in case he atempted to run back to port. The
battle-ships lowa and Texas did splendid work.
These vessels had reputations to maintain, and they did it, but the
superb Oregon outdid herself. Great things were expected of that un
matched marvel of Pacific Coast shipbuilders. Until this encounter off
Santiago no one ever dreamed that the heavily armored coast defense
battle-ship could outstrip the fast armored cruiser credited with a
speed of twenty-one knots an hour. But that is what the Oregon did.
The lowa, a sea-going battleship and the newest of her type under the
American flag, boasts something in the way of speed as well as in
battery power, but the Oregon in har dash for the enemy went by the
lowa as though she were at anchor, and yet the lowa was steaming at
a rate of speed that washed the cellulose from two shell holes in her
starboard bow.
NUEVITAS NEXT
TO BE INVESTED
i Some Rich Prizes May Be Found
Among Vessels in Santiago
Harbor.
Sppfla! cable to The Cull and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IMS, by James Gor
dun Hennett.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S HEAD
QUARTERS BEFORE SANTIAGO,
July 9 (by the Call-Herald dispatch
boat Golden Rod to Port Antonio,
Jamaica, July 10.)— As soon as the
Americans have taken .Santiago, I am
told by a prominent Cuban officer, It is
tUe intention to invest Nuevitas, the
1 principal port of the province of Porto
Principe.
The move Is regarded as being highly
important, inasmuch as the Spaniards,
after Nuevitas has been taken from
i them, will have been shorn of authority
in all parts of Cuba east of the province
of Matanzas.
Nuevitas is a small place, easy of
capture, and offers fewer obstacles
than does Santiago. Cuban leaders as-
I sert that with this port in our po.sses
! Pion Spanish power will be broken
i throughout central and eastern Cuba.
Positive statements are now made
that General Pando abandoned his at
tempt to get into Santiago with his
i troops, and that he halted his men at
! a point twenty miles from Santiago.
' Pando was unwilling to try to force his
way through the mountals largely be
cause of the fact that even if he had
succeeded in getting into Santiago he
! could do nothing but share with Gen
; eral Linares the responsibility for the
' fall of the city.
When Admiral Sampson s fleet
i steams into Santiago harbor the Amer-
I leans will find several good prizes
1 among the vessels now lying in the
, inner harbor. Lieutenant "Joe" Wheel
■■ er and Lieutenant Steele of General
i Wheeler's staff yesterday climbed the
high hills and from a position within
the Cuban lines obtained an excellent
; view of the inner harbor. They saw
I a beautiful white steeamship moving
i rapidly about, apparently under full
steam. They also saw a black ship re
i sembling an ocean liner, in addition to
several small schooners. Wheeler and
Steele noticed a peculiar low vessel,
which is thought to be a torpedo boat,
I with several smaller craft huddled
j about.
From a French refugee I learn that
i the Spaniards have begun looting the
i city. He said that Spanish officers had
! permitted soldiers to break into the
1 houses vacated by the refugees on pre
tense of searching for food, hut in
I reality to smaph everything not of use
to them and to take whatever of value
! was found.
THIRTY THOUSAND MEN
TO INVADE PORTO RICO
Army in Charge of General Wade
Will Embark in About Ten
Days.
NEW YORK. July 10.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Although it
Is confidently exported by officials of the
Administration that there will now be no
delay in the surrender of the city of San
tiago, it probably will be at least ten days
before the Porto Rico army will hav"ebeeu
embarked. The ships at Santiago will be
I pufiicient to convey the detachment from
! that place to Porto Rico, but as yet the
I Government has had poor success Inchar
' terlng or buying vessels on the Atlantic
Coast. If, however, it Is found impossible
' to obtain vessels from the various steam
ship companies on the Atlantic Coast it
is the plan of the Government to use Koine.
df the naval vessels for the purpose of
taking the army from the I'nlted States.
It is now understood that Major CJen
■ era] Wade will be sent in command of the
. Porto Rican army. General Miles will, as
planned, be the commander. I was told
to-day by an officer hlgrh In authority th;it
General Miles' army would havo about
thirty thousand men.
SIX TROOPSHIPS
REACH JURAGUA
Carry Twenty-Five Hundred Men
and Six Batteries of
Artillery.
OFF JURAOUA, Cuba, July 9 <"by
the Associated Press dispatch boat
Wanda, via Port A .tonlo and Kings
: ton, July 10).— Six troopships carrying
, 2500 men, six batteries of artillery- and
! a large quantity of ammunition and
j supplies arrived here this morning. The
transports, with convoys, sailed from
; Key West last Tuesday.
The men are in excellent spirits, and
! their voyage was a pleasant one, cx
i cept for one rough night, and was made
without unusual Incident. The trans
! ports arrived off Jurag-ua early on the
I morning of the 9th. The landing was
| deferred until Sunday morning.
HOWELL PREPARING TO
BOMBARD HAVANA
Said to Have Notified Blanco to Haul
Down His Flag Within Four
Days.
NEW YORK, July 10.— A Journal
Washington special says: The report
that Commodore Howell has notified
Blanco that If within four days he does
not haul down the Spanish flag and
prepare to evacuate Havana, the
harbor defenses will be bombarded,
was neither affirmed nor denied at the
Navy Department to-night. It may be
assumed, however, that Commodore
Howell delivered that or a similar mes
sage to Blanco.
Commodore Howell has In his block
ading fleet the three monitors Terror,
Amphitrite and Puritan, and expects in
a few days the addition of the moni
tor Miantonomah and the ram Katah
dln. He can push these monitors to
within a mile of the shore and even
into Havana harbor itself without in
jury to them, presenting as they do
only curved surfaces slightly above the
water line.
If Santiago is disposed of within the
next forty-eight hours Sampson could
send a large part of his fleet as a rein
forcement to Howell. The sea attack
on Havana could then go on most ef
fectively.
ATTEMPT TO WRECK
AND ROB A TAIN
LOS ANGELES, July 10.— An at
tempt was made this morning to wreck
the train from San Diego to this city
on the Santa Fe line, near Enclnitas.
The Los Angeles Times' flyer, which
carries the paper to San Diego, encoun
tered an obstruction, built of ties,
across the track. The flyer was on a
steep up-grade, and was able to stop in
time to escape striking the obstruction.
The northbound train was due at the
place a few minutes later, and would
have been on the down-grade, and a
serious accident could not have been
prevented. It is supposed that ama
teurs made an attempt to wreck and
rob the train.
ONE INNING'S ERRORS
DEFEAT THE ORPHANS
CINCINNATI, July 10.— The Orphans
' played miserably to-day. In the seventh
they went all to pieces, and allowed the
Reds to score six runs. Breltenstein was
i effective after the third inning. Attend
ance 7SOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 11 10 2
Chicago 7 10 7
Batteries— Brt>;tensteln and Peitz; Callahan
an'l Donohue. Umpires — Pwartwood and Wood.
SEATTLE, July 10.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
i Seattle 8 13 0
Bpokane 2 7 6
PORTLAND, July 10.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Portland 7 g" 2
I Taconia, l 4- = i
TllfpilT Of the world know that'
VI P 111 those who use their
lllljli strength in a sensible
way never suffer as
those do who are foolish and goto
excess. There would be no weak
back, no weak kidneys, no puniness,
no dyspepsia, no prematurity, no
nervous disorders and no half men
but for the fact that so many peo=
| pie do not use nature properly.
They abuse their powers.
(ITI .itow many men can it be
1 1 H said, "He is periect in
Ul strength?" Few indeed,
Yet it should be true of all
the human race. Seeing that so
many men are weaklings, the Hud-
sonian physicians spent years of
research finding a remedy. It has
long since been accomplished. It
is "Hudyan." This great remedio*
treatment makes up to nature what
she loses from excesses.
TTTllff Is one thing weaklings
V I VI have not< " Hudvan " fil ls
I llfl the system with it. Fire
they lack. "Hudyan"
produces It. "Hudyan" brings
sweet, refreshing sleep ; it brings
life and strength. 20,000 men
have been cured by it Write and
ask for absolutely free circulars
and testimonials telling you all
about its grand work. It will cure
you. It will make you a man.
Those little ulcers that you see in your
mouth indicate blood taint. So do copper-
colored spots, falling out of hair and
otner things. "30-day blood cure" purifies
the system, drives every particle of the
poison out. Tertiary, secondary and pri-
mary forms all yield. No bad after ef-
fects. Ask for free "30-day" circulars.
And ask to-day.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WOODBT.TR Y'S Facial Soap Is recommended
by physicians, being pure, antiseptic, medici-
nal. It will clear the skin of Pimples, Black-
heads and eruptions of any nature. I'se WOOD-
BURY'S Toilet Combination for the skin and
complexion. JOHN H. WOODBUItT, 127 West
Forty-eecond St., New York-
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding TTth Any of the FWT— ring Firms Please Mention "The CalL"
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass, Bending find Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Emr-ossin_-. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEKT7A CDDPaTr Proprietor. Send for meas-
MlmUarKlrlUure blanks. U. S. Commls-
slon, 9 Geary St.. S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
nVF £ CrillVni CD Bank. Office and Saloon
FINK _»t!ll^ ULbK, Fittings. 1309 Market
Ft. Telephone South 267. '-'-.' -
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock IfIT f ID £ fft U Montcrmery St..
Auctioneers. KILHI tt vU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM SCHOENING Shipping trade supplied.
Will- SUIUeMNU> 639 Broadway street.
BATHING SUITS.
fit * cz% 103 Post St.
w«<w w v HEAD-
KNItJiNGCQ.- QUA rr R ERS
BATHING SUITS, SWEATERS.
PERFECT-FITTING •
Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear.
BELTINO.
LP TtFfiFN Manufacturer of Beltine and
.r. UeUEN, ace Leather. 105-tO7 Mis-
| Bion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
•08 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for «50... $65 and I". Crescents. In Men's
and Ladles" 535. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
--- nr W. J. Brady's Patent
If f M DETACHABLE
&dSßP&\^j3» for Steam Boilers,
S «sasg§!£j Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
: THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell©
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
T B TJfnTUTVTJT? Bookbinder and Printer,
J, Di IflUlri I 1 HiJ. 422 Commercial street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. Supt. H. Blyth. Mirr.
• C. W. Smith. Ship Plttmbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 19
Washinetwi St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrc M H O.RFR ft fft EQITIPOI3E WAISTS.
MrS.m.n.UDCK a UJ. 34Oetryit.,Tel.Hedl401
DENTIST.
DR. C- IT- RICHARDS, SE. corner Kearny.
DRAYAQE.
McNAB &. SMITH.
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis. St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE). .
REDINGTON CO. ?? o ce n cc s n t!. a^i s e a?n n
00P660600000000C001
oT/i?o T/i? F*ALACB A^%
IGRAND *QTBLm9\
o BAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. jf
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. Q
Q KOTE THE PRICES: O '
n European Plan. l.oo per day and upward rt
O American Plnn.srt.<)<) per ('.ay and upward**
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. KIRSPATRICK, Manager. Q
000000000000000000
\A/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tentii i'loor, Koom 1015, Cluua SpreckeU BiJj. . I
Telephone Brown 911.
Residence. Ml California atreeC below
Powell. Ban Francisco.
A Rhode Island Clergyman, speaking very earnestly of
his experience, declares : "In all cases of indigestion, insomnia
nervousness and allied ailments, I have found
Ripans Tab tiles
of inestimable value. I know of a score or more in this imme-
diate neighborhood who have been greatly benefited or per.
manently cured by use of them. I can say nothing too strong
in favor of the medicine. It will do more than the tnakert
claim for it.*
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
;', Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers ot
Optical Goods;, 14 and 16 Kearay street.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
i 4C7-409 Montgomery st.
I Capital Represented ever t14.000.00*
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I JAS ROVFS & fft Shipping Butchers. ion
I JA_t^DUIE_» (_ WU,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
FRTIfIVAI Flour M!!ls - J. Martensteln * Co.
i JiMllUil.'iLf B.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sta.
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., Im porters & Dealers
x in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
' LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkin St.. 8. B\
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writs
IRON FOUNDERS,
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter St..
San Francisco. Telephone Main Sl7.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely or limes and lemons In bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sresovich Co.. 521 Sansome at.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE insurance COMPANIEa
Combined Capital, $1,000,000.
SYZ ft CO., Agents.
______^ 801 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRNHiRH Mattrew Co.. 642 Mission
, lllt» DCnmiAKIJ st- Telephone Main 1674.
OPTICAL GOODS.
TI II VTI V Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUi>Ul»full 18-k. Weddlnj; Kings. 4 3d Bt.
PAPER DEALERS.
WSI ! AMFTTF PULP ANn paper co..
mLLHIfILI IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS. ~
Tb» OlcJpst Ftrtn and T>arsre?t Stock.
! PIANO and mUSIO STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O"Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
IiTiJIAV Agency. Reloadlne, developing, prlnt-
, AUI/iining. T. P. Andrews, Ifl9 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
RJ3AL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
i TelPfrrnpliic f_) /\O TTl?irfer*Fr3o<JT T I?irfer*F r30<J Cal1 "
Codes. r*/\S\. S I\lLluL.fornlaSt,
SEWING MACHINES.
1 "nfIMCQTIf P'e-emir.ently the rrachlnsfor
L)(JI7!LCMU family use. 1021 Market itreet,
V; .' r.car Sixth.
SOAP.
6.B.LOCY&CQ,, m California street.
Ui ft, LUWI ok. WU,, room 37. Tel. Main l«Rl.
| THE MICKS JUDD CO SS^a^St
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms . fKIC Rf ICC Claus Spreckels
407, 408, 409. 410 VllA DLI jJ-Blifß., 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
£\aliforn:a TARTAR works,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office SI? Front Street. San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Sh&ttuck. Toe Hotne Industry
I House, iCi> Clay Bt.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HEXRT B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer ot
carriages, buggies, etc. repairing done la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear Et.; tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
; Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
j General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1911.
DR.MCNULTY.
T niS V.-KLL KNOWN- AND BKLIABLK OM»
JL Sp«fiaiLste«rc«Prlvate^ervoDB,Bloo<JiuidBkln
l);neuscs of Me., only. Manly Powerrestoreil. Over
A) years' pxperieuce. Sond for Hook-, free. J'atlents
cured «t Home. Terms reasonable. Hour*. 9 to 3
<!ally;6:riotoS.:iocv'srs. Sundays, 10 to 12. C..nKu!ta-
tion free and s:icrcilly confidential. <:ail oraddrea*
*»- RONCOK WiKWrr, 71. 1».-
2G ; ESAENY STREET. gAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ODEWEY.STRONG &CO^Bls^
34
MONDAY JULY n, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Pr0P"«to;P r0 P"«to;
/Wdress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»-, S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SUvmisn Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.60
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
tRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9\50 o'clocK- 387 Mayes street. ODen until
9:30 o'ctocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
194! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- 106 Eleventh
ctrect, open untl< 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty -second ana
l(entucKy streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSfc.IvIfc;NT3w
Columbia— "Lost— 24 Hours
Alcazar-"Faust
Moroseo's— "Romany Bye "
Tlvoli— "Fattnitza."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chuteß— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 61S-pound Man.
French Celebration — the Chutes. Thursday, July 14.
Olympia— Corner >ls»on and Eddy btreeta, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming:.
El Campo— danclng.boatlntr, fishing, every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thls day, July 11. Groceries, at
li*so Howard Btreot, at 11 o clocit.
By A. F. Kuoker Tuesday, July 12, Ho s.'s, etc, at 721 How-
ard street, at 11 o clock.
CONDITION OF BUSINESS.
I~^HE semi-annual trade reports just made up
show results rather above even the sanguine ex
pectations of those optimistic operators who last
winter predicted a phenomenal spring trade. If any
thing is calculated to depress a country's trade it is a
foreign war, and yet, in spite of the war, business
during the past six months has been better on the
whole than ever before. The failures, as before re
marked, have shown a marked decrease, and the
bank clearings have uniformly exhibited a pro
nounced gain over the same period in 1897. We be
gin the second half of the year with a war tax which
will largely increase the revenue without seriously
inconveniencing any line of trade. For the first week
of the new half year the bank clearings of the country
show a gain of 14.8 per cent as comparedr with the
same week last year, and from present indications the j
usual midsummer lull will be shorter and less pro- j
nounced than usual owing to the continuous demand j
for goods all over the country. Signs are also mul
tiplying that the fall trade, which will soon open, will
not fall behind the remarkable movement of last '•
spring.
A survey of the general field of business reveals no
features out of the ordinary. It is seldom that pro
nounced features are visible in midsummer, when the
business men of the country, from the New York
financier down to the commonplace tradesman, are
taking their annual respite. Speculative operations
in the different stock and product exchanges are
being materially diminished by the new stamp tax,
which acts as a severe check upon all exchange of
shares not strictly legitimate. Brokers are careful
about their transactions, when each one requires a '
stamp, and wash sales have, therefore, gone out of
fashion all over the country. This in itself is not at
all a bad thing. The great staples show normal ac- j
tivity for the season on the whole, and there are in- |
dications of increasing animation in the iron trade, j
which has been active all the year. Pigiron is in es- j
pecially improved demand, and agricultural imple- i
ments are bring called for in the West and North- ]
west as fast as the factories can turn them out. Evi
dently the farmers are doing a land office business this
year. These two sections also continue to lead the
rest of the country in distributive trade, though the
East and South both report a better movement in
this line. Wool rules quiet, though a better inquiry
has developed during the past ten days, because the
Western holders ask prices which the Eastern manu
facturers cannot afford to pay. The cotton crop is
looking better and the South is rapidly increasing its
manufacture, while the Northern mills are more ac
tively employed than usual at this time of the year.
As for our cereal exports, they are far ahead of the
normal and could not well be better. The business
failures last week, however, exhibited an increase
over the corresponding week in 1897.
Locally there is little new. Like the greater part of
the country, California is vegetating through the
summer. Harvesting is in full blast, and the farmer
is getting good returns for almost everything he
raises. Nothing has declined in value during the past
week, and the general tendency in all products is
toward still better prices. All products are just about
short enough to create fine quotations without pinch
ing the State. There is no over-production in any
thing this year, nor is there a famine in any article
of produce. The light production of 1898 will result
in at least another good year in 1899, and we will
probably go into the twentieth century with flying
colors, because everything we raise this year will
doubtless be all cleaned up when the 1899 crops come
in, and they will thus find a clear field. So the great
dry year of 1898 is quite likely to prove a blessing
after all. At any rate, the agricultural depression
which prevailed from 1893 to 1896, both years in
clusive, has passed out of sight, and the farmer is
doing first-rate once more. The merchant comes in
for his share of this prosperity as a natural conse
quence, so everything is cheerful again.
Germany seems to thinki that this country is under
great obligations to her. It must be admitted that
Germany has contributed to this country many good
citizens, but this was not because she wanted ' to.
It was because she couldn't help it. Instead of howl
ing about the obligations of friendship we owe Ger
many the beery editors over there ought to make
out a list of them.
*
At. the next meeting between Cervera and Blanco
there will be a sense of chill so decided that the
tropic climate will for a time be shorn of its terrors.
It is to be hoped that the boy shot by Mrs. O'Con
nor will recover, and that both of the parties in in
terest will know better next time.
An observer of human affair 3 says that Spain
needs a Thiers. Our idea of it is that Spain is get
ting exactly what she needs.
- . . . — •_ - . .
When Spain applies for peace and means business the
application will be directed to a representative of the
United States. ■•■ ;■ " ■ ' -— .„ .
WILL OURNATIONAL POLICY CHANGE ?
PUBLIC opinion in this country is directed, in
a marked manner, to events that will follow the
close of our war with Spain.
At present the only easy place in the outcome seems
to be Porto Rico, where there was little discontent
with Spanish rule and where the people seem to pre
fer some government to none, and have not given
their interests and aspirations into the keeping of any
grandiloquent "general" or word-mongering Junta.
Being inclined to look with favor upon government,
they also seem discriminating enough to prefer the
best they can get, which is a distinct advance upon
the practice of their congeners in some other parts of
Latin America. Turning away from Porto Rico we
confront difficulties which promise to transcend any
that arise from the Spanish situation direct.
The future of Cuba and the Philippines presents
the problem toward which American thought is run
ning. It is not probable that we are to witness a sud
den change in policy that will so acutely wrench our
institutions as to mar them like the work of a con
vulsion. The assumption of distant jurisdiction, and
the appearance of a nation as a power in all zones,
is not usually. a sudden matter, not in the air yester
day, but to-day accomplished. Even when such policy
conforms to the genius and meets the necessities of
a country, it does not fall from the skies like the
meteors of November, but begins in a cloud less than
a man's hand. England acquired the greatest of her
external possessions, India, slowly and by indirection.
It was a far cry from the first factory of the East
India Company, on a fever smitten coast, to Plassy
and the final ruin of the Mogul Empire. English
men first appeared in the Hindostan peninsula as
traders, and commerce went before conquest. The
method of English administration in India was of
slow growth. Its germs were in the experiences of
the East India Company, and its expansion and ap
plication have been wrought out by some of the best
intellects in Great Britain.
As American ambition toward an imperial colonial
policy has first to settle with Spain, and then with
various and very incipient Caesars, in Cuba and the
Philippines, there is likely to be ample time for the
sober second thought of our people to weigh and
measure an acute departure in the second century of
our existence from the pledges and policies of the
first.
There is in process of manufacture a public senti
ment against giving up any territory which we take
by conquest, and to propose it may soon come to be
denounced as unpatriotic. In order to ease the situ
ation and purge it of that element, let it be understood
that if it be good policy to wage the war to a close
for the purpose that was declared at Its opening,
when the President said to the world, "This is not a
war of conquest," it will be quite as patriotic to ab
stain from imperialism as to enter upon it.
It is a mistake to suppose that patriotism is pos
sible" in war only. It is more necessary in peace than
in war. It is needed to keep virgin the national
honor and preserve it unstained by bad faith and
hypocrisy.
The patriotism of war will fill the ranks, fight the
battles and cherish the weak and wounded, preserving
the memory of the fallen in unfailing honor. The
patriotism of peace will settle the results of the war
and determine the further duty of the republic;
whether it be to remain the master of the world by
striking in far lands and seas for rights of man, and
giving all nations notice that those baptized into lib
erty by the chrism of American blood must hence
forth be respected, for we will smite off the hand
that touches tSem; or whether it be to stay in the
arena of contention by taking Spanish government
and self-government both from the people we have
rescued, to hold them, not as fellow citizens, but as
subordinate colonists, the decision will not be sud
den, but the distant hour of judgment will find us
with judgment matured.
THE POPULIST CONVENTION.
STATE politics, which have long been simmer
ing, will begin to bubble and boil over in sight
of the people at Sacramento to-morrow. The
Populist convention, which is to assemble in that
city, will take the lid off the pot, as it were, and give
the general public an opportunity to see what t in
gredients of fusion and confusion have been thrown
into the mixture, and which is going to dominate the
whole when the boiling is done and the scum has
been skimmed off.
It is already evident that the stalwart Populists are
not going to be permitted to manage their household
in their own way. They will have advisers, coaxers,
interferers, kickers and bulldozers around them from
start to finish. It will be, in fact, a Populist conven
tion in name only. There will be at the gathering
representatives of all the factions in the Democratic
camp, all sorts of silverites and Bryanites, and of
every other sort of discontented clique or gang of
office-seekers in the State, and their part in the pro
ceedings will be hardly less important than that of
the Populists themselves.
It is recorded in the Book of Samuel that when
David established his camp at the cave of Adullam
"every one that was in distress and every one that was
in debt and every one that was discontented gath
ered themselves unto him." It is this kind of a crowd
that is going to assemble to hamper and perplex the
earnest Populists at Sacramento. The Adullamites
with their political distresses, debts and discontents,
will block the highways and make the middle-of-the
road reformers take to the woods with silver Repub
licans and out-of-office Democrats if they can. It is
going to be a struggle between the sincere men of
principle and the hungry men of greed, and the con
test will be worth the close and careful study of all
citizens.
If the honest and earnest Populists had a fair field
it is probable they would overcome their opponents
and save their party from being subordinated to the
Bryanite factions that are seeking to make use of it.
It is certain, however, that they are not to have fair
play. The so-called silver Republicans and several
varieties of Democrats have already stolen a march
upon them, and when the convention assembles
there will be found among the delegates themselves
a considerable number who are far more devoted to
Bryanism or to Maguireism than to Populism.
Thus, with swarming wire-pullers on the outside
and traitors in the convention itself, the true Popu
lists will have need of all their strength and all their
sagacity to save their principles from being trampled
under foot and their party from destruction. It is that
fact which gives more than ordinary interest to the
convention. The existence of Populism in California
is at stake on the issue. It is to be a battle for life.
The party was sorely shattered by the fusion of 1896,
and if it surrenders once more it will as an organiza
tion disappear from our politics forever.
It might be welLto stop guessing at the existence of
ill will between Sampson and Schley, at least until
there had been some remote indication of this feel
ing.
The outcry against Camp Mcrritt is getting a little
tiresome, but a good way to end it would be to be
gin to prepare the Presidio for the reception of
troop*
THE SAN FIiANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1898.
A MONUMENT TO JOBBERY.
TO-DAY the ferry depot is to be given over to
the public. The great building, impressive to
the eye, but from ground to tower-tip a sham,
is almost out of the hands of the jobbers. It is a
monument to the work of these jobbers. Over the
main entrance to the city has been reared a deception
in stone, a pretense in wood, the mutilated sugges
tion of that which the architect planned and for
which the people pay.
The shameful story has been told again and again,
and while the truth has caused indignation, it has
not brought any one to the felon's dock, herein fall
ing short of the purpose of its telling. The men who
had charge of the erection of the building have
seemed to try to devise methods by which to squander
the funds provided and cheat the community which
had trusted them. The sum of $600^000 had been
voted for the structure. After all the contracts had
been let there remained of this at least $35,000, ample
margin, it would appear, for all emergency.
Straightway began a series of changes. Cheaper
stone was used than the contract called for, pine was
substituted for oak, terra cotta tiling was abolished,
wooden shutters took the place of steel, plumbing
specifications were ignored, common brick worth
$14 laid in the wall supplanted that for which the con
tractor would have had to pay $125. Numerous par
titions were eliminated. The list is too long to set
forth in detail. Enough to say the changes, all bad,
extended to every department of the work, that con
tractors were permitted to do as they pleased, and
actually received extra pay for changes for which they
could have afforded to pay the State a handsome
bonus. The details may all be found in the files of
this paper, and in the records of the Grand Jury.
It might have been supposed that allowing con
tractors to use cheap material where good material
fiad been called for in the specifications, by the terms
of which they were legally and morally bound, would
have resulted in a saving to the State. Quite the
contrary. With all the shoddy substitution the money
has been used to the last cent, and it was found ne
cessary to actually leave one story unfinished for
lack of cash. Who got this money? Why was it ex
pended? .By what right did Colnon and Swain waste
State funds? Why should they escape punishment?
These are some of the questions naturally arising as
the gigantic swindle they engineered to a botched
completion is turned over to the use of a common
wealth which has been betrayed by its paid servants.
Californians are liberal. They take pride in an,y
material improvement. It is not their way to enjoy
being the victims of a confidence game. They agreed
to pay for a first-class depot, and expected to get it.
They did their share; they paid. They did not get
the depot. In its place they receive an inferior build
ing, walled, plastered, honeycombed and topped with
glaring fraud.
OUR UNTHANKED SEAMEN.
ACTING in accordance with a precedent hon
orable in itself and illustrious by its record
in our history, the / United States Senate
shortly after the noble feat of Hobson and his brave
crew of the Merrimac, adopted a resolution con
ferring upon them the thanks of the nation. The
resolution, following the form usual in such acts of
recognition to our heroes in war, purported to be
the thanks of Congress, and therefore required adop
tion by the House of Representatives. It is a matter
of amazement and indignation that the House ad
journed without acting upon the resolution, leaving
the valor of the heroic deed unrecognized and the
heroes unthanked.
The story comes from Washington that when an
attempt was made to have the Senate resolution re
ported to the House for action it was defeated, largely
through the influence of Dalzell of Pennsylvania, who
went about and warned the members that if the reso
lution were passed it would confer upon the seven
seamen who shared Hobson's heroic deed the privi
lege of the floor of the House for life. On that ar
gument the resolution was set aside. A majority of
the House concluded that it would be better to leave
the brave men without recognition than to give them
such thanks as, in accordance with precedent, would
entitle the seamen to enter the august chamber where
Congressmen hold their deliberations.
It is difficult to believe that a motive so slight as
the one given could have moved any considerable
number of intelligent American Representatives to
refuse to Hobson and his companions a recognition
which by long usage has become an established for,m
of rewarding patriotic services in this country. There
is nothing in the person of a brave seaman such as
those who sunk the Merrimac under Spanish forts
that would contaminate the average Congressman,
nothing that would pollute a hall habitually used by
such men as those who have refused the recognition.
Moreover, the seven men will be most of their lives
at sea. They are not to be hanging around the Cap
itol. It is doubtful if any of them would ever make
the use of the "privilege of the floor" more than
once and then only to enjoy the honor conferred on
him by the country which he loves and in whose
cause he had distinguished himself in a host of brave
men.
The whole thing seems to have been another illus
tration of that extraordinary social influence exerted
in Washington against every attempt at the advance
ment or promotion of seamen in the navy. It is a
strange fact that an enlisted man or a young appren
tice seaman has a better chance for preferment and
honor in the aristocratic navy of monarchical Eng
land than in our own. The whole of our system of
officering the navy seems in need of reconstruction
from top to bottom, and the accomplishment of that
reform at this time would be a good way of giving
thanks to Hobson and his men without in any way
exposing Congressmen to the danger of having to
admit a seaman to the floor of the House.
General Miles seems inclined to think that all the
land fighting thus far has been done by the regular
army. Friends of the dead volunteers, of course,
make a merely civilian estimate, but they are not
ready to accept this view.
Belief is expressed in some quarters that the Span
ish will not get back any of their islands) and that
they will be required to pay indemnity besides. But
what with? They couldn't so much as find an
indorser for their note.
One writer remarks that Spain and the United
States are separated by an unfathomable gap. He
might have called attention to the danger that Spain
may fall into the gap.
«
A Spaniard at Salinas, maddened by the news of
the defeat at Santiago, ran amuck, and had to be
violently restrained. He deserves a place in the
Madrid Ministry.
Cubans, it is said, must prove their fitness before
they will be permitted to govern themselves. Strictly
adhered to, this will defer their independence about
ioo years.
There is no doubt that the Spanish admiral who still
has a ship will use every effort to be a Camara ob
, scurer than Watson will permit him to be.
*■
RICH QUARTZ
BROUGHT FROM
A GOLDEN ISLE
The Prospectors Prefer It to the
Diggings in the Neighbor
hood of Dawson.
"The Island of Gold" has been discov
ered and the bonanza which H. Talbot
Watson and his confreres came all the
way from England to pre-empt has been
taken by other parties. From all accounts,
however, the new El Dorado is anything
but a second Klondike, Yesterday the
schooner Altair arrived from Karluk and
in her hold there are sixteen sacks of ore
which are said to be fair samples of the
ledge locnted for Messrs. Hotaling, Gor
den and Garratt. Dan Dougherty, an old
miner who came down from Karluk
with the gold hunters, does not think very
much of the find, however, and says there
are lots of better locations on "The Island
of Gold."
A couple of years ago L. Gilbert was
mate of tho American ship St. Nicholas
and went with his vessel to the canneries
on Kodiak Island, "The Island of Gold."
While out hunting he ran across some
quartz ledges and secured a number of
samples. These specimens he brought
back to San Francisco with him and gave
them to Mr. Garratt, who had them as
sayed. The assay showed that the stuff
was worth from $2.'0 to $500 a ton.
In the meantime Gilbert had become ac
quainted with the captain and told that
gentleman all about his discovery and
pricked off its exact location on the chart.
With a few of the specimens Moore went
to England and there interested H. Talbot
Watson and others. When Watson and
his experts reached San Francisco they
handed over $10,000 to Moore, with which
he purchased and outfitted the schooner
Free Trade. The story of that vessel and
her visit to Kodiak Island, where Watson
and his party were put ashore, has al
ready been told.
Before the Free Trade got away from
here, however, Moore and Gilbert,
the latter of whom was going as
first mate on the Free Trade,
had a falling out and Gilbert left
the vessel. He at once interested A. P.
Hotaling and Messrs. Gordon and Garratt,
with the result that the schooner Altair
was fittpd out in a hurry and sent post
haste after the Free Trade. Both vessels
met in Uyak Bay. It was there that
trouble broke out on the Free Trade, and
COLLECTED IN
Dr. J. M. Blodgett of LoSi is at the
Grand.
H. Bell of San Joae is Btaying at the
Baldwin.
Judge R. B. Carpenter of Lios Angeles Is
at the Grand.
S. W. DeWitt of Washington, D. C, Is
registered at the Baldwin.
George M. Bowers, a merchant of Ari
zona, is staying at the Grand.
C. W. Underwood, a mail contracter of
Missouri, is a guest at the Grand.
C. Gray, the well-known journalist of
Oroville, is stopping at the Grand.
Edgar T. Wallace, a well-known mining
man of Yreka, is registered at the Palace.
G. H. Clark and Mr. and Mrs. "W. R.
Clark and daughter are staying at the
Baldwin.
J. T. Watson, H. H. Darral, J. K.
Thomas, and T. A. Siegel have returned
from Dawson City, and are staying at
the Baldwin.
O The following
O story comes like
O an echo from the
o boom and thunder
of the glorious
° Fourth. It is told
o IT WAS THE
o END
° OF THE END.
O Oby Cora Tinnle,
0000000000 the vivacious sou
brette of the Frawley company, and as
she furnishes the element of the ludicrous
in the narrative, there is a stamp of ver
acity attached to it. Miss Tlnnie, with a
few friends, was at the Chutes on the
night of the Fourth. Ardent patriotism
and a youthful passion for fireworks
were two of the chief reasons for her
presence there. A thick and penetrating
fog could not chill the desire to see the
pyrotechnic display, and despite the con
stant solicitations of her friends to
leave the place she remained until the
last piece had been fired— and even
longer. The grounds were being cleared
by the outpouring of humanity, but Miss
Tinnle would not budge, for she spied a
spark on one of the large figures and she
waited for it to ignite. Around her gath
ered the rf-st of the party and they also
waited. There they stood in the refrig
erated fog, expectant and watchful. The
spark glowed, but it would not communi
cate to the rest of the skeleton. Remarks
were passed by Miss Tinnie indicative of
impatience, and some of the bystanders
overheard them. One, a habitual at
tendant of pyrotechnic performances,
broke out in a laugh of derision. Miss
Tinnie looked annoyed, but before she had
time to remonstrate the scoffer jumped
over the railing separating the crowd
from the consumed figures, and with a
pull at the one Miss Tinnle was so pa
tiently watching brought it to the ground
in a thousand pieces. It had been set-off
an hour before. The spark Miss Tinnle
saw was the end of the end.
J. H. Case of San Bernardino Is at the
Russ.
M. B. Totten of Colusa is staying at the
Russ.
Isadore Laventhal of Los Angeles is at
the Lick.
Gllman Bullard of Helena, Mont., Is at
the Palace.
Paul Wesslnger, the leading brewer of
Portland, is at the Baldwin.
A. N. Butts and G. S. McNeill of Angels
are stopping at the Occidental.
E. C. Farnsworth, an attorney of Vl
salia, is registered at the Lick.
F. W Williams, a mine owner of Shin
gle Springs, is stopping at the Lick.
H. E. Judge, president of the Portland
Chamber of Commerce, is at the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Kriger, Mrs. H. A.
Horning and Justin S. White of Corning
are stopping at the Palace.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Spitfire, British torpedo-boat de
stroyer, collided last month with a coal
hulk, disabling the boat's steering gear
and doing some damage to her hull plat
ing.
Russia Intends to hereafter maintain a
naval force of some importance in Chi
nese waters, and two cruisers are to be
permanently stationed at Vladivostock
and Port Arthur.
The battle-ship Illustrious passed
through her commission trial at sea June
22, making 15.9 knots with 10,016 horse
power under natural draught. The ship
was down to a draught of 27 feet 6 inches
forward and 28 feet 6 inches aft, displac
ing about 15,200 tons, or 300 tons over her
normal displacement.
A coffer-dam one and a half miles in
length is being built in the mud to keep
out the water of the Hamoaze from the
site of the new docks in the course of
construction at Keyham, England. The
first section was put down and closed in
less than six months, and one and a half
Moore would have got the worst of it had
not Gilbert gone to his assistance.
This part of tho story is denied by Cap
tain Gilbert and Mate Hanson of the Al
tair. One thing is certain, however. The
Free Trade sailed away and the Altair re
mained behind to allow Gilbert to relocate
his gold mines. An old miner called "Jim
my" helped the skipper in his search, and
the sixteen sacks of ore in the hold of the
Altair are the result of his labors. "Jim
my" was sent North by Mr. Hotaling.
While in Uyak Bay Mate Holmes near
ly lost the number of his mess. He went
out hunting and ran across a big bear.
He wounded the animal and it showed
fight. It played hide and seek around a
big boulder wl the mate for nearly half
an hour, until, just as Holmes was ready
to drop from exhaustion, he got a chance
and put a bullet into bruin in a vital part
and the battle was over. Mate Holmes
brought the skin down with him and is
very proud of his trophy.
Dan Dougherty, who came down from
"The Island of Gold" on the Altair, has
been away from civilization for ten years.
Onco every six months he has been in the
habit of going to Karluk for letters and
supplies, and he would not now be in San
Francisco were it not for the fact that he
requires machinery to work his mine. His
place is forty miles from Karluk, and he
says it is quite enough of a Klondike for
him. He brought down with him three
packages on which he declined to place
any value. They must be worth consider
able, however, judging by the self-satis
fied smile that sprea^. over his face when
the valley of the Yukon was mentioned.
■ Gold-bearing quartz can be found crop
ping out all over the island," said he yes
terday, "but the question is, will it pay to
work? These Altair people have simply
located a ledge, the same as dozens of
other people have done, but it remains to
be seen what their specimens will say.
I'm perfectly satisfied with my location,
and I'm going back there as soon as I
transact some business here."
Soon after the anchor was dropped the
crew of the Altair went ashore. One
sailor was left aboard, but he was so
helplessly drunk that neither kicks ncr
cuffs would wake him. The only thing on
watch was a little black pup, and it
barked at every passing vessel until it gut
tired and went to sleep beside the drunk
en sailor.
million cubic feet of timber was used in
its construction.
The Queen's yacht, Victoria and Albert,
had a narrow escape from destruction by
fire June 18. The fire started in a char
coal burner in the forecastle and the
flames shot up to a great height. The
crew, however, promptly responded to
the alarm and only slight damage was
clone to the venerable wooden hull.
The strike of the coal miners in South
Wales has been the means of putting off
the British naval maneuvers. It is not
for the want of coal in the dockyards, fop
there is a more than usual heavy stock
on hand, and it was broadly intimated in
Parliament to the First Lord of the Ad
miralty that his course was prompted by
a desire to take sides with the mine
owners against the strikers.
The Atlas and Cyclops Works at Shef
field have made great improvements in
their armor-making plants. The latter
has two hyrdaulic presses of 4000 and
10,000 tons capacity, and armor over six
inches in thickness is not rolled but is
placed under the hydraulic press. The
Atlas Works has two overhead travel
ing cranes of 100 and 150 tons capacity
and a hydraulic press of 6000 tons.
The preservation of boilers on board
ships out of commission in the French
navy is, according to latest regulations,
as follows: Large boilers with largo
tubes get a wash of strong milk of lime
or solution of soda, and tubular boilers
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t' " ' ±+ + + +-f + * +
>: : " -J
i »
I Another Gall I
1+ from Uncle Sam. He wants money this time ■♦■
+ to keep the Boys in Blue in fighting trim, -J
£ Uncle Sam has put a war tax of ten cents a *
+ pound on tea. Uncle Sam wants you to drink V
+ plenty of good tea. Uncle Sam wants you to J;
♦ help pay his Boys in Blue* Until July 15th *
jf we will pay Uncle Sam's war tax of ten X
£ • cents a pound. After July 15th it will be J
+ your turn. t+j
♦ • ■ ■ "- *
* RD BII Good Health to the :
it Ullllilv Boys in Blue I
+ WITH __ '"♦■
t America's Best Tea, |
♦f. Quality Prices . -f
J- Best Obtainable. . Lowest In America. -f
t Great Ameeican Importing Tea Co. I
■f ■'■■'■ ■■ ■ ■ - " ■ ■ . ■"♦-
■f SPEAKING FOR THEIR i'-f
jf 108 Money Saving Stores. t
•f CITY STORES. - V
(f 1011 Market BL 2008 Fillmore St. 146 Ninth St. " ■- ■ X
J. 140 Sixth Si 3006 Sixteenth St. 506 learny St. *
U 1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission St. 8285 Mission st. :+: +
♦• 856HayesSf 1819 Devisadero Si 521 Montgomery Ay X :
J 218 Third Si 52 Market 705 Larkin St *
+ 1190 Kentucky Si *
t; OAKLfIND STORES. -f
J 1052 Washington St., Oakland - 1510 Seventh St., W. Oakland *
%_ Broadway, Oakland. 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland. 1
-f 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland 1355 Park St Alaraeda, £
I A Qood Time / j
t to Buy Tea |
with small tubes are washed with weaker
solutions, after which the tubes are filled
with fresh water. Next a smoky fire is
built in the furnaces with coal tar, tho
smoke from which forms a coating on the
tubes. A quantity of quicklime Is then
placed in the boiler, the casing closed and
kept airtight, and finally the outside is
painted with red lead or coal tar.
Triple screws and water tubes are being
introduced in several of the ships build
ing for the German navy. Two battle
ships to replace the Friederlch der Grosse
and Preussen will have triple screws, and
one first-class cruiser of 6300 tons and
four second-class cruisers of only 5650
tons, named Freya, Hertha, Victoria
Luise and Vioreta will be similarly fitted.
Three types of water-tube boilers— the
Niclausse, Belleville and Durr— are being
experimented with, and one-third of the
steam generating power in the new ships
is supplied by either of these boilers and
two-thirds is still retained by the ordi
nary box boilers. In the navy of Holland
the practice is to use equal parts of each
type, while in the British and French
navies the water-tube boilers are sup
planting the Scotch boilers entirely.
Lord Brassey professes surprise at the
apparent soperiority of recent ships built
at Elswick for foreign governments as
compared with ships of the same class
and displacement in the British navy.
The Japanese cruiser Tagasako of 4300
tons is compared with the Astrea class
of British cruisers of 4360 tons, and the
comparison is in favor of the Japanese.
The latter mounts two 8-inch quick-firers,
ten 4.7-inch, eight 12-pounders and six
lVfe-pounders, carries SOO tons of coal and
has a speed of 24 knots. The Astrea has
a battery of two 6-inch quick-firers, eight
4.7-inch, eight 6-pounders and one 3
pounder, carries only 400 tons of coal and
her maximum speed is only 19.5 knots.
The apparent vast superiority of the for
eign ships is probably not quite so great
actually, and it is possible that the Brit
ish ship carries a greater quantity of am
munition. The disparity, however, is un
doubtedly considerably in favor of the
Elswick-built ship, and the solution lies
probably in the fact that the designer in
the Armstrong yard is not hampered by
the interference which exists in all
navies, and prevents the director from
properly exericising his functions of
naval construction in the British navy.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Going out of business. Best eyeglasses
and specs, 15c to 40c. 65 Fourth, nr. Bar
ber. Open Sundays from 9 a. m. to 1 p. m.»
The British soldier has not always worn
a red uniform. White was the prevailing
color under Henry VIII, and dark greed
or russet in the time of Elizabeth.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
There are thirty palaces belonging to
the imperial family in various parts of
Japan, but the present Emperor ht^s
never occupied more than four of them,
and some of them he has never seen.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup*
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures "Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
TO PORTLAND, OREGON, 48 hours. First
cabin, $12; second-class, $8, Including meals
and berths. Steamship Columbia, 2000 tons,
July 10, IS, 26, August 3. oteamship State of
California, 1500 tons, July 14, 22, 30, August 7.
Sail from Folsom-street pier No. 12, 10 a, m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific coast. A cool and delightful summer
trip; exhilarating- sea air. The public is wel
come and invited to visit these ships while la
port. Office 630 Market street.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
eoft and mild, being entirely free from tea
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
»2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery St.,
S. F., or E. S. BABCOCK. Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
A Roumejiian manufacturer has an
nounced his intention of sending to the
Paris Exhibition of 1900 a pianoforte of
such exceptional sonority that its tonea
will be heard at a distance of six mile 3.WAITING FOR THE WORD "GO!"
IT was a very quiet Sunday at the
headquarters of Major General Otis,
who up to a late hour last night
was expecting dispatches from
Washington in regard to the Hono
lulu annexation programme, and the
sailing of the troop transports now
ready for their departure for Manila,
but no telegrams came. The situation
therefore is unchanged from what is
was on Saturday, and General Otis is
yet uncertain as to the date of his sail
ing, but he will in all probability get
away some day this week.
Admiral Miller has received no fur
ther advices, but expects full instruc
tions by mail in a day or two in regard
to the raising of the American flag
over the Hawaiian Islands. The cruiser
Philadelphia, on which he will sail on
the 20th, has her full crew on board
and is in condition to start for Hono
lulu at any time.
A CHANGE OF PLANS.
Four Hundred Soldiers Were
to Have Gone to Honolulu
on the Alameda.
The only busy spot on the water front
yesterday was Pacific street wharf. |
Down at Folsom street there was a little j
Bport early in the morning owing to the
departure of the steamer Columbia for
Oregon, but at Pacific street the rush was '
kept up all day. It was originally intend
ed to send 4i'O troops to Honolulu on the
steamer Alameda, but last Saturday night !
the order was countermanded, and, of |
course, that left a lot of space on the j
mail steamer. Accordingly, notices were
Bent out to shippers, and all of yesterday
the freight kept rushing down to the |
wharf. Had the soldiers been scheduled
to go away on the Alameda next WVJnta- i
day the chances are that the Bennington
wuuld have sailed to-day. Under easy
Eir-am she would have reached Honolulu
in about the same time, as the mail
• r and then everything would have
been ready for the raiding of Old Glory
over the islands. As things look now it
would seem as though the ceremony will
wait until the transports Peru and Pueblo
get there.
The Bennington lay at anchor all day j
with steam up, and is ready to start at ai
moment's notice. No one stems to know,
however, in which direction she will go.!
The general Impression on board is that
Bl c will go north on a cruise, while some |
crew are hoping against hope that
she will be s«»nt to Manila.
The work of loading the City of Pueblo j
and Peru was kept up all day while the '
alterations to the ship Taeoma will begin
to-day. The latter will carry 250 horses !
on her main and 'tween decks. The third j
deck and lower hold will be used for
-■ and supplies. From here the Ta
eoma will go to Honolulu and there the j
cattle will \>p unloaded and given a few !
days' rest. They will then be put aboard ;
aciin and it is thought that they wiil then I
to Manila in
Tt is r.nw almost certain that the Ta
coma will make for her destination by
C the straits of San Bernardino. Ar
ments will h<* made to have the
r Nero waiting for her there and |
FLYING BUCK
WON A STAKE
Defeats Rosette at Union
Coursing Park.
THE LATTER WAS FAVORITE
PRINCE CHARMING CAPTURES
THE SAPLI^C UTISE.
Sensational Sport at Both Parks for
the Ardent Lovers of Grey
hounds in This
District.
Flyingr Buck proved the preat surprise
of th* 1 day at Union Coursing Park yea
% the cpen stake from
' Favorite. The odds were
. tbe dogs had hardly left
thr- bands i Wren when the spec
tators with Flying Buck tickets began
to cheer.
The course was the best of the day. As
the two fleet hounds started. Flying Buck
v.-as seen to have a slight advantage. This
he Increased in the first hundred yards,
causing his followers to shout: "There's
nothing to it but the Buck." Their shouts
died away rapidly, however, as Rosette
was seen to draw level with her fawn
colored opponent. The hare, a particu
larly strong one. ran due east nearly
across the field.
Flying Buck turned her toward the
em boundary fence and then the
dotfs crossed and recrossed, being hidden
at times from the spectators in clouds of
dust. The followers of Rosette did not
hope until Judge Bell sent up the
white flag announcing Flying Buck as the
winner of the course and stake.
The greatest surprise of the day was the
Epiendid form shown by Precita Girl. In
the Becond tir-s, with odds of ten to one
against her, the largest of the day, she
defeated Fear Not, winning all the way.
In the next round she defeated Glenstone
and finally went down to defeat before
Flying Buck, the ultimate winner. •
The chances of Promise Me were shat
tered in the third round by a "no course"
with Mystery. They were at once placed
In the slips to a very fast hare. Promise
Me led ail the way, running away from
Mystery. The hare escaped.
■ ■ ,-..,-.t.ko ='.;ike
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 33.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday— Wednesday
DRIED PEACHES, peeled, very
fine, regularly 20c Ib. - - • Ib. 12% c
SODA CRACKERS, extra, 3-lb. car-
tons, regularly 25c - - ■ carton 20c
BAKED BEANS, with tomato
sauce, Heinz's, regularly 20c tin • tin 15c
MONTADELLA SAUSAGES, im-
ported, y< tins, regularly 20c - - tin 15c
PATE DE GIBIER, imported French
assorted bird paste, regularly 50c tin
- tin 35
GELATINE, Chalmer's, I*<-quart
package, regularly 12J-£c - - package 10c
O. K. BOURBON WHISKEY, the
old reliable, regularly $1 and $4 - -
- -' - 3 bottles $2.00, gallon $3.00
Send for July Catalogue.
Special patriotic edition in ooloit— fr*«
when the ship puts in an appearance she
will be picked up and towed to Manila.
In this way Captain Davis expects to
make the trip in 40 days or less.
The Rio de Janeiro will probably be dis
charged to-day and the Pennsylvania to
morrow. The Walla Walla and St. Paul
can Ye got ready to turn over to the Gov
ernment by Wednesday next, while it will
probably be Saturday next before the big
collier Titania is discharged. It will prob
ably be the end of the month before the
fleet to follow the Pueblo and Peru gets
away.
THE EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Adjutant General Corbin Has
Been Informed That the
Regiment Is Ready
for Assignment.
CAMP BARRETT, Fruitville, July 10.-
Colonel Henshaw received all of the mus- |
ter rolls of his command to-day and wired j
Adjutant General Corbin that he was
ready to be assigned. No ordei had
reached him late to-night designating the
department to which he should report, but
it is expected early Monday morning. An
inspection of arms was held this morn
ing, at which time it was learned that a
greater portion of the men would have to
have new rifles. The ones now in use are
serviceable Tor drill and ta.rget practice,
but a large portion of them have the rifle
worn, the sights injured and the chambers
sprung, which will necessitate their going
into the Government works for repair. A
requisition will be made for enough good !
guns from Benicia to replace these.
Adjutant General Barrett and Colonel
Burgin of Governor Budd's staff, visited
camp to-day in civilian garb.
The officers showed them around and
listened to their expressions of approval i
of the camp. Lieutenant Adel was Intro- j
duced by General Barrett as the "father
of Company M." He said Governor Budd i
was particularly well pleased with Lieu- j
tenant Ariel's work in raising a company
in a night to replace the Woodland com
pany. Lieutenant Add, formerly quar
termaster for the Fifth Regiment, N. G. |
C, on Colonel Fairbanks staff, was to- j
day detailed as regimental commissary,
and Viu issue rations to-morrow morning
for five days, which means over 2900
meals. The* lieutenant regrets very much !
that he cannot remain with his command
to drill the raw recruits. Lieutenant E. S.
Heller, Quartermaster of the regiment,
has also been detailed ordnance officer,
and will see that the necessary arms are i
secured. Sergeant Marders of Company
D, Private Abbott of Company G and Pri
vate Kennedy of Company C have been
detailed for service in the commissary de
partment, and to-morrow will be located
in the tent to be erected next to head
quarters.
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington, in com
mand of the camp to-day, issued or- |
ders permitting non-commissioned officers
to form squads and take them to church .
down town. During the afternoon ser
vices were held on the ground by Rev. E.
T. Butler of the First Chrißtlan church,
Oakland. A great deal of enthusiasm was
aroufeed by an address by a major of tho
Montana regiment now at Camp Mc-rritt.
Colonel Carrington stated that the line
would be drawn closer upon visitors to
morrow, as they are seriously interfering
with the soldiers' duties. To-day every
one who had friends in the camp was ad
mitted.
Private J. J. Eck^rs of Colupr died at
the County Infirmary this forenoon of i
last month, was a hot favorite in the first
ties, but was retired by Fear Not.
The attendance was large and the Bet
tins heavy throughout the day. The
hares, with but one or two exceptions,
were both stroner and fast, providing ex
cellent sport. The running in the all-age
stake resulted as follows:
First ties— D. DowafS Sarcastic beat E. V.
Sullivan's Jesse Moore; E. V. Sullivan's Right
B wer beat T. Butler's Susie; S. E. Portal's
Laurelwood beat E. V. Sullivan's Pretenler:
Curtin & Son's Rosette beat E. V. Sullivan's
Mlra Monte; Larkey & Rock's Hercules beat
9. E. Portal's Our Boy; D. J. Healey's Rusty
GoM beat J. J. Warren's Sweet Lli>s; John
Kerrigan's Lady Blanche beat Curtis & Son's
Lady Campbell; Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat
Al Austin's Douglas; E. V. Sullivan's Flying
Buck beat B. & S. Kennel's Belle of Seville;
H. R. Baldwin's Jester beat J. A. Watson's
Miss Skyrocket: w. M. O'Xell's PromlM Me
beat E. V. Sullivan's Blackstone; E. & "R.
Scott's Mystery beat Pasha Kennel's Arapahoe;
Al Austin's Olenstone beat J. McCormiok's
White Lily; Thomas McEl Downey's The Gos
soon beat 1. L. Sear's Hot Stuff; I-Ahusen &
Duncan's Preclta Girl beat J. McCormack'a
Rapid; E. V. Sullivan's Fear Not beat T. J.
Cr^nln'p Thornhill.
Second t!e=— R'.pht Bower beat Sarcastic; Ro
sette beat Laurelwood: Rusty Gold beat Her
cules; I^arly Blanche a bye; Flying Buck beat
.TeFior: Promise Me beat Mystery; Glenstone
beat Gossoon; Precita Girl beat Fenr Not.
Third Rosette beat RiKht Bower: Rusty
Gold beat Lady Blanche; FlylnK Buck beat
Promise Me: Preclta Girl beat Glenstone.
Fourth Rosette beat Rusty Gold; Flying
Buck beat Pr*eita Girl.
Final— Flying Buck beat Rosette.
The sapling stake, for which there were
but f-Ix entries, follows:
T Sullivan's Maid of the Hill beat W. T.
Jones' Rustan; T. Murnane's Wolfe Tone beat
George Whitney's Thi6be; W. T. Jones' Prince
Charming beat W. S. Murphy's Silence.
First ties— Maid of the Hill beat Wolfe Tone;
Prince Charming a bye.
Final— Prince Charnilng beat Maid of the
Hill. .K^iv. m
SURPRISES AT INGLESIDE.
Malmo Downed by Eclipse and
Leonora Defeats Hadiwist.
Shortenders' Killings.
Coursing, like marriage, is "mighty un
unsartln." This was proven yesterday at
Ingleside before one of the largest crowds
that has attended the park this season.
When such star performbers as Mialmo
and Hadiwist are shut out by less speedy
dogs the talent Is given food for re
flection. The latter class of bettors, after
having things practically their own way
during the morning's running, were dealt
some severe setbacks as the afternoon
wore on. Shortenders struck a streak of
luck and nearly a half dozen times cashed
their tickets at odds ranging from 5 to
2V4 to 1. and their jubilant shouts could
be heard every time their choices landed.
The first surprise the talent received
occurred in the first round. Hobson went
out and defeated the sure winner High
Born Lady, and their purses were sadly
depleted. .They, however, recuperated on
the courses that followed until near the
close of the stake, when fortune smiled
the other way.
Lass o' Gowrie defeated Old Glory in
one of the prettiest and grittiest courses
of the day. Old Glory led up to the turn
and then let drive for tho hare. He
missed it, and the impetus was so great
that he fell. He grittily followed In the
wake of the chase, but the Lass had
scored enough points to win at odds of
3 to 1.
Eclipse was in splendid form and de
feated Statesman, Fairview, the Belle of
Moscow and' the mighty Mialmo, winner
of the Merced stake. Odds of 3 to 1 were
offered against him in the latter course
and his victory proved a sensation.
Clifton Lass, however, defeated him in
the final. Eclipse was made a favorite at
odds of 4 to 1. and his defeat brought
more happiness to the shortenders.
Leonora In the all-aged stake proved the
surprise. She downed Hadiwist. Lass o'
Gowrie and ran a bye with Myrtle for the
final. On their meeting the latter dog
only won out by a narrow margin. ,-.
Following is the way the dogs ran:
Consolation stake, second round— &
Maher's Fair View beat D. Chlla's Happy Day;
Kay &.. Tranfs Eclipse beat J. J. O'Brien's
Stateßman; F. Murphy' Oil t Edge bent Na
poleon kennel's Decorator; I>. Kaher's Belle of
Moscow beat J. Murnane's Valley Maid; D.
Hooper's L. S. Conley beat E. M. Elkus' Tele
phone Girl: James Byrne's Clipper b«*at W.
Graham's Sunnyside; J. O'Dowd's Cllftcn Las 3
lieat Dillon & Rellly's Queen B; Larkey &
Hock's Minerva beat D. Shannon's Systematic;
J Dean's Mialmo beat J. Farley's Tullamore;
Alfred Haigh's Hattel beat Lynch & Maher's
Dakota.
• Third round—Eclipse beat Fair View; Belle
of Moscow beat Gilt Edge; L. B. Conley H»eat
Clipper; Clifton Lass beat Minerva; Mlalhio
beat Hattel. .■■-.; • - ■
Fourth round— Ecllpsa beat the Belle of Mos
cow; Clifton . Lass beat L. S. Conley; Mialmo
& bye. * *•-..• ■
Fifth round— Eclipse beat Mialmo; Clifton
Lass a bye. " :
Flnal-Cllfton Lass. ■
All-.tKed stake, second round— Deekelmnn &
Panarlo's Glen Chloe bfat Lowe & Thompsons
Victor; J.Sheehan's Lass o' Gowrle beat Kay
& Trant's Trilby; K.iy A * rant's Crosspatch
beat P. Brophy's Benlcln, Boy; Deckelman &
Panario's ' Old > Glory beat D. Shannon's Sprig
o' . Hill; Kay &'> Trant's Leonard beat Napo
leon kennel Fireball; G. llurflend's Royal <
THE SA^ FHANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1898.
tuberculosis of the intestines. He was a
member of the National Guard and had
passed the examination to enter the vol
unteer service when taken sick, but was
never mustered in. His two sisters and
brother were at his bedside when death
relieved his suffering. His remains were
embalmed and will be forwarded to Max
well, where they will be buried to-mor
row. He was 25 years and 11 months of
age and a native of this State.
Daisy Warner, a 15-year-old girl, who
ran away from her homo in East
Oakland, where she was placed by
the Beulah Home, was seen in camp this
afternoon and pointed out to Captain
Carson of the Police Department. When
she went into the city she was taken into
custody and held, and will be given to the
Beulah Home people to-morrow. She
claims to be working in a family at Four
teenth and Folsom streets, San Francisco.
Only one patient was in the hospital tent
to-day. The boys are having considerable
trouble with spiders. They prove very
poisonous and incapacitate men for twen
ty-four hours after- being bitten. None so
far have pro%*en fatal.
THE ENDEAVORERS.
Good Work Done and Excel
lent Results Obtained by
Them.
The work of the Endeavorers has been
growing so much within the past few
weeks at Camp Merritt that It has been
found necessary to double the force of
workers.
The medical department received a lib
eral supply of several kinds of medicine
; from J. R. Gates & Co. on Saturday last
and is supplying scores of sick soldiers with
' the needful remedies. By request flowers
I are being sent in from the country to
i many of the Endeavorers, who in turn
i bring them out to the camp each morn
ing, and they are then taken by the mem-
I bers of the hospital department to the
; hospitals; the reading and writing tents
I are also supplied.
Milk is left at the headquarters each
day and is distributed among the sick.
j Soups are made daily and delicacies of
many kinds are sent in. Mrs. C. S. Wright,
as chairman of the Mothers' Christian
Endeavorer Clubs, and Miss M. L. Berry
j have superintended their work.
Mrs. Emily Fuwden, with her efficient
corps of workers, is in charge of the sev
eral tents at the camp. Each tent is sup
plied with stationery, reading matter, etc.,
and has in attendance during the day
young ladies of the Endeavor Society, who
'make themselves useful in sewing for the
liu\s, supplying stamps, etc. In the even
ing men look out for the tents, re
maining until 10 p. m.
Mrs. W. O. Discho is chairman of the
i committee having in charge the giving of
socials each evening at the Christian En
deavor headquarters. These socials have
done an Incalculable good in limiting the
baleful influence of the saloons which sur
ruund the camp.
L/ast Friday the Hamilton Square Bap
tist Church gave a concert, which was
followed by refreshments and a short
praise service. On Saturday evening the
Plymouth Congregational Church had
charge. Last evening a praise service was
held, and this evening the Grace M. E.
Church will give a social.
Miss D. Brooks is in the forefront of the
hospital work.
Comfort bags are being given out in
! Trize beat O'Connell Bros.' Log Boy; Alfred
Haigh's Hadiwist beat Handy & Smith's Ida;
!J. Baddeley*a Hobson beat Ixiwe & Thomp-
Bon'a Hitrh Born Lady; D. Shannon's Swlnner
t.!i beat P. < >' I'nunell's Counterfeit; J. Dean's
Gladiator beat Derby kennel's Mona; Kay &
Trunt's Masterpiece beat J. P. O'Donnell's Las
I Palmat; F. Track's Occidental beat Napoleon
I kennel's Pacific <.jm»en; J. Sheehan's Lady
Jane beat W. T. Sullivan's Trlnk: T. A. Oa
ney's Elr .John Arnctt beat H. Weber's Mon
tana; lAirki-y & Ruck's Myrtle beat Dillon &
Reilly's (Jranuale.
Third round— Lass o' Oowrls beat Glen
! Chloe; Old Glory beat Crosspatch; Leonora
; beat Royal Prize; Hadlwist beat Hobson;
Gladiator beat Swinnert-vn; Occl.l»ntal beat
rplece; Lady Jane beat Sir John Arnott;
Myrtle a bye.
Fourth round— Tjiss o' Cowrie beat Old
: Glorj': Leonora beat Hadiwist: Occidental beat
Gladiator; Myrtle beat Lady Jane.
Fifth round— Leonora beat Lass o' Gowrie;
i Myrtle beat Oc.idental.
I Final-Myrtle^
HEAVY SCORES MADE
AT GOLDEN GATE
Hogue ani Wise, the Alameda Bats-
men, Collared the Pacific Bowl
in gr Yesterday.
Those old-time antagonists, the Pacific
and Alameda teams, met yesterday on the
Golden Gate ground for the third time
this season. The Pacific team, two men
short, went In first, and were dismissed
with the moderate total of 76 runs. F.
Sewoll 15 and J. McLean 12 were the only
men who scored double figures. When
the Alameda team went In R. B. Hogue,
captain, and G. B. Wise soon mastered
tho Pacific bowling and ran up their
Bcores very rapidly. After making 107
runs, including fifteen fours, Hogue waa
caught by G. Theobald off a ball of Wal
lace. G. B. Wise had made the splendid
score of 146 runs before he was out,
caught and bowled by McLean. Two
wickets down for 250 runs. At the call
of time the Alameda team had scored 301
runs with a loss of only four wickets. The
full score is appended: -
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings—
A. IMckenson. c. Seebeck, b. Feel 9
J. ICcLean, C Wise. b. Saunders 12
F. Sewell, b. Saunders 15
G. Theobald, run out 9
E. F. Musson, b. Croll 6
T. W. G. Wallace, c. Wise, b. Saunders 5
W. McCrae. c. Seebeck, b. Peel 5
li p. Gordon, not out .' l
C Is. Hill, b. Saunders ". 0
Byes ......:.... 10
Leg bye 5................. • 4
Total : 76
• 1 wicket for 16, 2 for 34, 3 for 53. 4 for 60, 5
for 69, 6 for 71, 7 for 74, 8 for 76. -
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
J. J. R. Peel 61 27 2 i ISS
C. Banner 30 6 2 .. ...
J. H. Saunders.... 53 10 .. 4 6
T. Croll 24 9 .. 1 8
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
R. B. Hogue, c. G. Theobald, b. Wallace — 107
G B Wise, c. and b. McLean 148
J J Moriarlty, c. Sewell. b. Musson 17
F. J. Croll, 1. b. w., b. Sewell 16
I. H. Splro, not out. — 2
j H Saunders (did not bat) —..
B. Bird (did not bat) -
J J. R. Peel (did not bat)
V Seebeck (did not bat) ..
C. 'Banner (aid not bat) ... ..
Byes 10, leg byes 1, wldes 2 —•••• 13
Total • • 801
1 wicket for 204, 2 for 250, 3 for 299, 4 for 301.
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
A. Pickenson 36 104 1 0 ...
p Sewell 66 105 0 1, 106
C." B. Hi 11.......... 48 «63 0. .. ...
t' W O. Wallace. 84 45 0 1 45
E' F. Musson 24 33 ' 0 1 S3
J. McLean 13 17 0 1 17
The match will be continued next Sun
day upon the same ground.
AMERICA'S FUTURE.
A Caustic Lecture by Bey. J.
Hemphill.
Rev. J. Hemphlll of the Calvary Pres
byterian Church spoke last night on the
future of America at the* close of the
present war. He said: "America is God"»
chosen land just as Palestine was. Our
broad country stretching from ocean to
ocean is the grandest in the world and
offers every opportunity for development.
Plenty and peace will reign and our fu
ture is full of the brightest prospects.
"The statement that this country con
tains as many Catholics as Protestants
is a colossal falsehood. Out of the 02,000,.
000 people of the last census B7,000,0(h) arc
Christians in sympathy and sentiment.
Out of that number 49,000,000 are Protest
ant in sympathy and sentiment. Roman
catholics will never dominate this coun
try, though politically they are dominat
ing' it now. Instead of a ratio of seven
Protestant ofttceholders to one Catholic
in this city, there are seventy Catholics
to one Protestant. Spain was and is v
Catholic country. The American idea is
so antagonistic to the Roman idea that
the latter can never conquor."
The harbor of Rio Janeiro has fifty
miles of anchorage, and is the finest in
the world.
| large numbers, the Red Cross delivering
to the Endeavorers all they receive to be
! distributed. Testaments are in great de
mand, and it is the endeavor of the com
i fort bag committee to have each bag con
| tain either a. prayer book or a Testament.
■ More Testaments are needed, as the sup
| ply has run short.
Special mention should be made of the
i fact that the soldiers stationed at the
i Fontana warehouse have been given
I many pleasant evenings by the Franklin
i street Presbyterian Church.
Many Endeavor Societies have been
i formed all over the camp by Robert Cle
■ land, the efficient chairman of the lookout
I committee of Golden Gate Union.
Rev. Mr. Wood has given his whole time
• to Endeavor work at the camp for the
[ past several weeks and is deserving of the
highest praise for the splendid service he
has rendered.
Free Spanish lessons are given dally at
i the camp, full particulars concerning
: which can be obtained at the Endeavor
headquarters.
THEY ARE LOYAL.
Company D of the Eighth Is
Ready to Fight the
Spanish.
WATSONVILLE. Cal., July 10.— letter j
from Camp Barrett from one of the mem- '
bers of Company D, Eighth Regiment,
California Volunteers, appeared In the
Watsonville Register this morning, of j
which the following is an extract:
"Middleton acts the man. Do not be
lieve any rumors you may hear about our [
boys falling out of the company. We have
enlisted for the war. We wanted E. A. i
Middleton for second lieutenant, and after
our arrival some of the boys decided to
drop out if he was not appointed. When
Middleton was informed of this he
thanked us for our interest in him, but
would not hear of any such action. He
said it was not right and urged us to
stand by the company whether he re
ceived a commission or not. Acting upon
his advice we had a talk with Captain
Elliott on the morning before we were
mustered in and agreed to stand by him
in peace or war. As our second lieutenant
has not yet been appointed, we still hope !
that Middleton will get the place. He ;
is all right, and thero is nothing small
about him. He has done everything he !
could for our comfort, and the boys ap
preciate his efforts."
Mr. Middleton recruited a body of fifty- j
three men and turned them over to Cap- i
tain Elliott of the above mentioned com- i
pany. This community is considerably i
wrought up over the announcement that
Mr. Middleton will not receive a commis- '
sion. When the announcement of the offl- )
cers appointed to command the Eighth I
Regiment was made last week, the posi- '
tion of second lieutenant of Company D i
was left vacant, and it was hoped here \
that this position was being reserved for \
Mr. Middleton, but S. M. English was ap- j
pointed to the place, as published in to- i
day's Call.
COL. SMITH'S TRIUMPH.
The Leader of the First Tennes
see Captures 800 Union Vet
erans at Yountville.
A scene remarkable and significant was
witnessed at the Veterans' Home, Yount
RIFLEMEN TO
SHOOT HARD
Polishing- Up for the
Coming 1 Bund.
CANNOT BEGIN TOO SOON
GOOD SCORES TO START WITH AT
SHELL MOUND.
Dr. Rodgers. Schuster, Pape and
Others Forge Ahead With Rifle
and Pistol — Others
Will Follow,
The decision of the National Schuetzen-
Bund to hold its next festival in this city
was the principal topic of conversation at
the Shell Mound rifle range yesterday.
This event is of no small importance, not
only to the riflemen of the West, but to
the public in general. The most active
members of the Bund are among the
wealthiest men of the United States and
wherever they go they spend money very
freely. More than that the Bund offers
prizes, cash and merchandise, that amount
to thousands of dollars. This shooting
event take:; place every three years and
riflemen from all over the United States
and Hurope are sure to attend. From all
accounts there are between 2,000 and 3.000
now at the festival that is tahlng place,
and closes to-day, at the big Glendale
range on Long Island, N. Y. As has been
announced, there are several of Califor
nia's best shots at this event, and it was
through their efforts that the Bund de
cided to come to this city in 190 L
The range across the bay was well filled ■
yesterday, for all that this is the time of I
the year that most people go out of town j
for their summer vacations. Several good j
scores were made. Dr. L. O. Rodgers was
one o{ those who had cause to rejoice. In
the 20-shot class contest of the Germania
Schuetzen Club he made 451 points, one
point less than the record of the club. Dr.
Kodgers is also a member of the Colum
bia Pistol and Rifle Club, and on the 50
yard pistol range he made 43, Columbia !
target count, whichis the best he has '
done in a class contest.
Another whose success was worth spe- I
cial notice was F. P. Schuster. In the |
Norddeutcher bullseye contest he stood i
high with 638 points, machine measure- '
ment, and won first money. This shot also \
! won for him a prize of no small value. It |
! was a beautiful rocking chair presented :
by John Thode and F. Hagemann Jr. An
other of the same club who was proud of I
what he had done was Gus Schulz. lie
carried off the elegant medal presented by
Captain 1... Siebe for the best three bulls i
! eyes made during the year ending June 30. ]
\ A. H. Pape of the San Francisco Schuet- i
' zen Verein carried off the Champion !
I medal, having won it four times in sue- |
I cession.
Some of the most prominent riflemen
were absent. D. W, McLaughlin, F. O. !
Young, A. Stettin and D. Heise are now \
in the East trying to hold up the honor of
this State in the competitions with the j
crack shots from all over the world. An- j
other was absent attending to a sad duty, i
Ernest Jacobsen's brother passed away |
and the funeral took place yesterday |
afternoon. The scores of the day were j
as follows:
j Germania Schuetien Club monthly medal j
' shoot. 25 shots, German 20-rini? target— First
i champion class, Dr. L. O. Itodgers, 461 rings ;
; second champion class, L. Urindel. 411 rings;
' first class, John Thode, 381 rlnps; seoond class,
i E. Goetie, 414 rinps; third clays, \V. Goetze, I
I 380 rings; best first shot. D. B. Faktor, 23; i
I best last shot. F. P. Schuster, 25.
San Francisco Schuetzen Club, class medals, !
'20 shots, German 2. r .-ring target— Champion i
class, A. H. Tape, 437 rings; llrst class, not
| filled; second class, Frank Koch, 338; third
! class, Otto Denicke, 3.a; fourth class. John
i Reuttler. 302: best flr*t shot. F. P. Schuster,
24' best last shot. A. H. Pape. 25.
i Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, bullseye con
i test machine measurement— First, F. P. Schus
ter. 638 points; second, H. Hellberg, 640; third,
John Thode, 7SO; fourth. G. Sohuz, 871; fifth,
J. Gefkln. 576: sixth, John de "Wit, 969; seventh,
O. Lemcke, 1003; eighth, W. Glindemann, 1151;
ninth, F. Koch. IM7; tenth. D. Schlnkel, 1242;
eleventh. H. Stelling, 1325; twelfth, John
Peters, 1B00; thirteenth, D. Salfleld, 1592; four
teenth, William Gottschalk. 2153.
('•olnmMa Pistol and Itifle C?lub, Columbia
target, rifle. 10 shots, class medals, for mem
bers only— A. H. Pape, 56; F. E. Mason, 6S.
First class— O. A. Bremer, 6.'; A. B. Dorrell,
62.
Second class -M. J. White, 130; G. M. Bar
j ley. 134. |
ville, California, last Saturday evening.
The occasion was the annual meeting of
I the board of directors of the Home and
the members of the Veterans' Home As
sociation. Among the distinguished vis
itors present was Colonel William C.
Smith of the First Tennessee Volunteers,
wao went there as the guest of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles H. Blinn. The news of the
! arrival of the gallant soldier from Ten
nessee, who had served with so much re
nown In the onfederate army, soon
■ reached the Union veterans. To give
; all a chance to greet him it was decided
I to hold a meeting at Social Hall in tho
1 evening, "\.hen Colonel Smith was lntro
j duced as a soldier who once wore the
I gray and was now wearing the blue, 500
i veterans of the Union cause arose before
I the words of introduction had been ut-
I tered to the finish, and gave the soldier
1 from Tennessee a mighty shout of wel
'■. come. The demonstration of greeting was
j renewed and prolonged. It was some min
utes before the veteran of the South
could rally to respond in words to the
magnificent ovation. He addressed the
men before him as "Comrades," and
finally sought permission to call them
"Boys." Then he related some incidents
of the Richmond campaign and soon
gained the earnest attention of his audi
ence. In the course of his speech, in
i which he dr;elt upon the blessings of a
j reunited country, he stepped to the flag,
- and, taking the staff in his hand, walked
across the stage. The incident caused a
tempest of cheers and shouts of approval.
j The simple and soldierly style of Colonel
! Smith's address won the hearts of all the
1 veterans. The reception was continued
i until a late hour. Nellie Holbrook Blinn
I delighted the audience with appropriate
recitations. Mrs. Dr. Keables, wife of the
i medical director, accompanied by Mrs. C.
! A. i-.a Rue, pang for the pleasure of the
1 veterans. Colonel Waltz, commandant of
the Home, was the master of the patriotic
i exercises. Brief speeches were made by
the veterans belonging to the board and
the association.
War Incidents.
San Francisco Association No. 1 of the
California National Association of Sta
! tionary Engineers, at its last meeting re-
I solved to maintain in good standing all
I its members who have enlisted or may
' hereafter enlist in the service of the
' United States until their term of service
i shall expire.
Private John Dale, Company H, South
Dakota, who on Saturday was accident
| ally shot through the right lung, now lies
i in the regimental hospital in a very pre
! carious condition and may not recover.
i Dale 'was cleaning his rifle, which h«
claims had been loaded by some one with
' out his knowledge. The weapon was dis-
I charged, the ball entering his right
j breast, passing entirely through the lung
■ and coming out under the shoulder blade.
The wound is a dangerous one, and will,
i no doubt, prove fatal.
Private Joseph Flynn, Company M,
| Eighteenth Infantry, who died at the
I division hospital of pneumonia, was bur-
I led at the Presidio yesterday. The remains
I of Private W. H. McAllister. Twentieth
I Kansas, who died of pneumonia, will be
sunt to his home at Miltonvale, Kan., for
interment.
Private G. D. Granbill, Company A,
I First Tennessee Regiment, died at the
j Marine Hospital yesterday of meningitis.
Lieutenant Colonel Barnett, Tenth Perm
! sylvania Regiment, arrived at Camp
i Merritt yesterday with 256 recruits for
i that regiment. Colonel Barnett reports a
Third class— E. W. Moor, 91: C. P. Waltham,
111; <;. Manuel. 123; Mrs. White. 176.
Rifle, rp-entry matches, 10 shots, members"
rifl<! medal— A. B. Dorrell, 59; O. Manuel, 83.
All-comers' rifle medal— Dr. Rodgers, 50; F.
E. Mas<m, 75.
Bushnell military rifle medal— C. F. Waltham,
Pistol, 10 shots. BO yards, clans medals, for
members only: Champion class— Dr. Rodjjers,
43: M. J. "White. 56; A. B. Dorrell, 65.
First class— F. E. Mason, 56; O. M. Bajrley,
72.
Second cla.«s— Mrs. M. J. White, 70; C. F.
Waltham 95.
Thlrrl class— J. P. Coflgrave, 58; Mrs. C. F.
Waltham, 103.
He-entry matches, 10-shot scores, open to all
corners, ijtetol. Stebe medal — A. B. Dorrell, 46.
.'4; O. M. Barley, 56, 68, 68, 69; J. P. Cosgrave,
18.
25 ami 22 caliber rifle, medal, and Rons trophy
for ladies— F. E. Mason— l 9. 20. 20. 21, 22. 23;
Mrs. O. Miuinell. 30, 38, 39; Mrs. C. F. Wal
tham. 34. 3S. 39.
Independent Rifles. 10 shots. Blunt target—
Sergeant G. Mitchell, 41: Lieutenant J. Ptaude,
«0; J. Kuhlke, 37; J. Schllchtmnn, 26; C. Fred
erlckson, 20; Corporal W. Tinki-n. 13.
AMERICA'S GREAT MISSION.
Rev. O. C. Miller Joins in the Presi
dent's Proclamation for
Prayer.
Rev. O. C. Miller of the Church of the
Holy Spirit occupied the pulpit at the
Simpson Memorial Church on Hayes and
Buchanan streets last night. Taking his
text from St. John, viii:32, he read the
President's proclamation requesting: the
nation's prayers on the Sabbath following
its publication. The language In this
proclamation he compared with words
which were expressed by Abraham Lin
coln at the time when the nation was en
gaged in the Civil War, now happily
ended for all time.
The present war he believed to be in
keeping with the divine command of God,
who Bald: "Let my people be free that
taey may worship me." The war in which
the nation is now engaged is a battle for
truth against error— light against dark
ness and superstition. Jesus said, "That
we shall know the truth." The echo of
Sampson's and Shafter's guns is the
voice of God heard proclaiming these
words against a nation that gave Dirth to
the inquisition, one of the most cruel and
tyrannical institutions ever planted on the
earth by man; a nation that hates the
truth and will fight to keep it out of its
dominion. But the will of God is stronger
than that of any nation, and now the
truth will be known in Spain through the
irstrumpntality of the liberty-loving peo
plo of the United States, as made mani
fest in the words of God.
"This is the second time that Spain un
dertook to crush truth. The first was
when that nation sent its ships to Eng
land to crush out light and truth in the
reign of Queen Elizabeth; and what was
the consequence? The entire fleet was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rH+a+a+B+a+B+B+a+a+n+a +a+B+B+a+B+n+n+a+s+B-
Dß. SANDEN'S SUCCESS!
Nothing That Has Merit Can Be Kept Down.
Some Wonderful Cures.
1,,^ . The day, has come ..when merit only
.^cSrgfrixjJNi^ can win. If a man claims that he can
' jar^^^m&skL cure a. weakness or. a pain, which has
' ,MST existed for years he must back his
vzhffa t^s Tsv*ia claim with proof. This is the reason for
|«w^7 V JKfyjS Dr. Sanden's great Buccess. He has
51 V^N WtifijaF SB. shown 10,000 testimonials of cures dur-
v?l «^C""* isfflisL ing the past three years. The people
v jHPMy i«Mffi*MLig==^ are close at home and can be seen to
"^P r prove their assertions. Dr. Sanden'a
Electric Belt is the mo9t popular cura-
W^^^W'^'mW^ tlve remedy known to-day. It cures,
"Mjspi / ffllifW * and therefore people prefer it to drugs
MaMi I 'jflw/ir or the cheap,;trashy belts sold in drug
£,*>■■; ; ■. ,- . ; stores. His book,
"Three Classes of Men,"
Devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells the cause of early decay In
young and middle-aged men. He shows how electricity, properly ap-
plied, will restore this power, and fives the proof. It is free upon ap-
plication. A personal call preferred.
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * Not in drug stores. *
701 Mftrkat Street, Corner Kearny, San Franeii so. ■ t- '•
Office hours, 8 A. M. to I P. M.; Sundays, .^ js^nevfr^M "in^e^S
10 to 1. Branches at Lob Angeles, Cal.. 204* , nw nn K ' trav illnL Ji ru^ ato lft
.Bouth Broadway: Portland. Or., 253 Washing. ■ 2? nn? *«£. UnK Meats... only .■
ton street; Denver. Col.. 931 Sixteenth street; ,r-\". our ornce -
. Dallas. Tex.. 185 Main street. . . - * — ~~- .. . .... : : — *
pleasant trip and no sickness among his
men. He says he had over ISOO applica
tions for the 2."(j places. The men have
been partially equipped, having received
their uniforms and blankets.
Lieutenant Colonel Little, Twentieth
Kansas Regiment, who is now sick at the
Waldeck Hospital, has not resigned, as
was reported. Colonel Little says he
never tendered his resignation to the
War Department, and that he has no in
tention of doinff bo.
Troops Coming.
The First Regiment of New York Vol- I
unteers, In command of Colonel Dearborn, j
will arrive In San Francisco next Thurs- i
day afternoon. They will be given a I
rousing reception by the natives of the
Empire State.
Company X of the Second Regiment of j
United States Volunteers will reach Oak
land to-morrow evening and on Tuesday
morning will go to the Presidio to join :
the Third Battalion of the regiment. The
company comes from Salt Lake.
Twenty recruits from Montana for the
Signal Corps of the Philippine expedition
ary forces are expected to arrive here to
morrow evening in command of Lieuten
ant Tilley, who was for a long time com
mander of the Montana State Signal
Corps. Nineteen of these recruits are ex- !
pert telegraph operators and the twen
tieth man is an electrician. They are
thoroughly equipped and drilled, and will '
sail for the Philippines with this week's
expedition.
Commissions Filled Out.
Sergeant Major Crosby, attached to the j
Second California brigade staff, haa been j
engaged for several days at State mill
tary headquarters in filling in the names :
of the officers of the Eighth California
Regiment on the parchment commissions.
He completed the work last night. It has
been done in an artistic manner, as Ser- '
geant Major Crosby is a very skillful pen- j
man. The commissions will be sent to |
Sacramento to-day to receive the signa
tun of the Secretary of State and the !
great seal of California. They will then
be returned to San Francisco, and after
being signed by Governor Budd and Ad- ,
jutant General Barrett will be delivered
to the officers.
A Society Reading.
One of the most ardent workers at the
wharf at Oakland is Mrs. I. Requa, who
has unselfishly devoted a!l her time in
attending to the wants of the soldier
boys. Mrs. Reoua has been personally
euperintending the good work, and in
connection with it will give a novel
benefit for the Red Cross Society. The
affair will take place at her elegant home,
•"Highlands," Piedmont, and will be in
the nature of a dramatic and dialect re
cital. The reader on that occasion will be
Miss Hattie Nathan, the clever young
elocutionist, who is an artist of recog
nized abiltity. The programme will con
sist of comedy, tragedy, dialect and
Shakespearean readings.
»_ — .. — __
Tennessee Regiment Drill.
Much Interest is being taken by the
working committees in connection with
the Tennessee Regiment drill to be given
at Mechanics' Pavilion next Thursday
evening. A large committee representing
all parts of the city has been appointed
on sale of tickets, and the regiment will
be sure of a splendid ovation.
destroyed on the shores of England just
as it has been by Sampson on the shores
of Cuba and on the shores of Manila by
the brave Dewey; and the arms of Spain
will got the final blow at the hands of
Shafter, the hero, in the course of a few
days.
Mysterious is the way of the Lord
Over 300 years ago a small band of Hu
guenots, driven out of their own country
because they believed in the truth, set
tled in Florida. Their presence there was
communicated to the court of Spain and
an army of soldiers was sent across the
ocean which butchered this innocent band
of brave men and women. Now, how
ever, the Lord in his wisdom has seen tit
to make the same locality the scene of
planting the truth of the gospel on the
shores of Florida. So it is that God has
selected this nation to be the instrument
of spreading the truth throughout the
world, against the nation that originated
the inquisition.
America has a great duty thrust upon
it in this war; it is to spread light, liberty
and truth to the far east, and, in fact, to
the entire world. The days of darkness,
ignorance and superstition will in a short
time disappear, and in their stead liberty
and freedom will shine on all of God's
creatures.
CAFE PPRECKELS. 15th floor. Call building,
has changed hands; now under management of
Mr. Albert Wolff, formerly proprietor of Maison
de I' Opera, Oakland. Regular lunch, with
wine, 7Cc; dinner, with wine, Jl.
AT THE PABK AND CLIFF.
Remarkable Under- Water STsrimming
by Soldiers at Sutro's Baths.
A larger crowd than the average visited
the Park, Cliff House and Chutes yester
day. Sutro's Baths were also well patron
ized by admirers of aquatic sports, and
they were not disappointed. Boys in blue
by the score entered in the various con
test and the breaking of the world's rec
ord and many close finishes added to the
excitement. The various contests resulted
as follows;
50-yard dash, T'tah Volunteers— F. Harkness,
fln>t; R. Kavanaucth, eemnd.
I'nder-watev diving with regimentals— F. Mc-
Permott. champion of Australia dove 60 yar.is
and asserted It to be the world's record; Lee
le Rue, second.
75-yard dash, Nebraska Volunteers— J. Mil
ler, first; N. S. Seaman, second.
Spring-board diving— F. Garnett, first; F. H.
Echulte, second.
High diving— Won by W. Le Rue. 73 feet.
100-yard dash— A. McEau, first; G. Clough,
second.
The new electric road from the end of
Hnlght street to the Cliff House begin
operation yesterday. Notwithstanding the
fact that everything in connection with
the road needed adjustment, owing to
newness, no accidents occurred and many
commented on the advantages of the new
system over the old steam road, with its
accompanying dust, smoke and cinders.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S GREAT WORK.
Snccessf nl K<Tort In His Pbllaiv.
throplc Struggle Apralnst I*«
Jmtaam Methods*
Munyon decries dosing and doping. Medl-
elne should .be to nature only a delicate
rebuke of error nnd a kind encouragement
of the physical forces for good. The hard
work of recovery is done by nature itself.
The human body is more delicate than the
finest mechanism, more sensitive thaa th«
tenderest plant. To shatter the liver with
mercury, to madden the nerves with mor-
phine and chloral and to flay and burn the
stomach with every poison blacklisted with
6kull and crossbones is tortura more de-
moniac than the Inquisition.
Munyon pinrantres that his Rheumatism Cor»
will cure nearly all cases of rhenmatißtn in a
few hours; that his Dyspepsia Cure will cure In-
digestion and all stomach troubles; - that nla
Kidney Cure will cure 90 per cent, of all case*
of kidney trouble; that his Catarrh Cure will
cure catarrh, no matter bow long standing;
that his Headache Cure will cure any kind of
headache in a few mln-ites: tbut his Cold Our*
will quickly break up any form of cold, and so
on through the entire list of his remedies.
Guide to Health and medical advice abso-
lutely free. Prof. Munyon. 1505 Arch 8t«
Philadelphia.
AND TUTORS. SuroCure!
: No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Cured!
76-page book sent free. S, R. Chamlky. M. D.
17 THIRD ST., Near Market St.
SEND TO SOA7EO/VE; WITH CANCER
AMUSEMENTS.
iOROSGO'SiSffI
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY." :
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Grand Spectacular Production of
TROuMANYIYL
Directed by MR. FREDERICK PAULDING.
Beautiful Gipsy Camp QrTRITsTTT
Great Shipwreck ' -EUXM XLI.
Evening Prices 25c and 50«
Family Circle and Gallery 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mre.Ernestlne Proprietor and Managsr.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Yon Suppe's Martial Opera,
FATINITZA
Superbly Cast! Correctly Costumed ; Elegantly
Mounted ! . ;- ■-,
"MARCH FORWARD FEARLESSLY."
Next— BELLS OF CORNEVILLB."
Popular Prices -..25c and 60a
No Telephone.
—^^ - ■. » - ■' - '"■ ■,■, ■ "-•"<•/■£'" r -V
CAPTURED, Five Great New Eastern Artists.
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR,
"The Quiet Mr. Gay"; BERT COOT AND
JULIE KINGSLEY, "Supper For Two";
FLEURETTE, Charming Danseuse; MRS.
ALICR SHAW AND DAUGHTERS, Whlstllnj
Prima Donnas; CHAS. WAYNE, Eccentrio
t Comedien; ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne;
JONES, GRANT AND JONES, Colored Trio;
FALKE AND LEMON, new act.
Reserved seats, '25c; Balcony, lOo; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
IT CAN BE FOUND THIS WEEK.
The Great Comedy Success,
For the FIRST TIME HERE.
•'LOST —24 HOURS."
AS Presented by the
FRfIW/LEV COMPANY,
"Nearer the bone, sweeter the maatl"
"What a time the cannibals will havet"
Next Monday— "LIBERTY HALL."
ALCAZAR. SEAT BY PHOKH
ALLAZ^AK' Main 254.
THIS, MONDAY, NIGHT,
. Starts the Eighth Week of
LEWIS MORRISON
Gorgeous Scenic Production.
"FAUST !"
Prices 15c. 25c, 85c, Wo
Next Week— "EAST LYNN." .
ANNUAL FRENCH CELEBRATION
ax THE CHUTES
THURSDAY - - - JULY 14,
For the Benefit of the
RED CROSS SOCIETY
AFTERNOON i
MUSIC, ORATIONS and DAY FIREWORKS.
NIGHT »
OPEN-AIR CONCERT, BALL AND GRAND
DISPLAY OF
FIREWORKS !
Electric Cars Will Run All Night.
Admission, 25c; Children, 10c.
DASBESHPCK ACTION -NO DELAYS
RACES! |§|Je|& RACES!
TROTTING HORSE : BREEDERS* ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
" ; - - . EVERY WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladles free to grand stand. 60c admits gen-
tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
dock.) • »
Races Commence at 2 O'clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 1:30 and t
o'clock boats stop &t the track. ■
PUFFED h WITH PRIDE!
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE FATTEST OF THE FAT,
AT THECHUTES
Ever>" Afternoon and ; Evening. ,
Vaudeville Bill . Beyond Compare in the Pr««
Theater.
--.; Attractions All Over the Grounds.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children. 80.
HI VMDTA I Corner of Miwn «n«
*JL. i lTlf lrt | Ed(Jy Stf##a>
' MORE NEW EASTERN ' STARS.
ORDWAY & RAND, Thrilling Bicyclist*:
QUARINA. the Male •La Loie Fuller; TOM
RYAN, "The Mod Musician"; MURRAY &
REYNOLDS: BARNEY REYNOLDS; LA
, ROYCE SISTERS : MAUD ROCKWELL. Ad-
mission . Free. . Matinee to-day.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p.' m.
ADMISSION lOc - ;.■- •■-.> - CHILDREN Oa
> Bathtpj-. with adjp'««joD. So; chlldrsa. .Ma*'
56
CORBETT TO
FIGHT McCOY
Will Meet at Buffalo in
August.
AGREE UPON THE TERMS
TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
IN THE PURSE.
Should the Police Interfere With the
Bout the Ex-Champion Is to
Receive the Winner's
End.
Special Plppatr-h to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 10.— It is an
nounced that James J. Corbett and Kid
McCoy have agreed upon terms for a
twenty-live round match to come off
at Buffalo on August 27. The purse
Will be $20,000 with a side bet probable.
It is said that McCoy's representative
provisionally accepted Corbett's stipu
lations that should the police Interfere
the latter is to have the winner's end
of the purse.
HURRYING TROOPS TO
STRENGTHEN SHAFTER
One Expedition Sailed From Charles
ton Yesterday and Another
Will Go To-Day.
CHARLESTON, S. C, July 10.— The
steamship Rita, captured recently off
Cuba by the Yale and purchased yester
day by the United States Government for
. 5125,000, sailed for Santiago this afternoon
with 650 men of the Si^th Illinois Regi
ment r.nd their baggage. One battalion
of the regiment sailed with the expedition
under General Garretson on the Colum
bia. It was found that the Rita could
not carry the remaining SCO men, so com
panies D and M were left here. This
divides the regiment badly.
The embarkation at 0:30 o'clock was an
inspiring sight. The men of the Six
teenth Pennsylvania and Second and
Third Wisconsin regiments were drawn
up on neighboring pier beads, their regi
mental bands playing patriotic airs which
were responded to tiy the band of the
Illinois regiment on the steamer. It had
been raining hard all day, but just aa
the Rita drew out Into the stream tx
perfect rainbow appeared spanning tho
entrance to the harbor like a triumphal
nrch, under which the ship was sailing.
The watching soldiers caught the signifi
cance of the Incident and a cheer swept
along the water front that could b«
heard all over the city.
The Grand Duchess is expected off tho
bar to-night to take a third expedition
to Santiago to-morrow.
REMNANT OF CERVERA'S
FORCE REACHES SANTIAGO
Hundred and Fifty Seamen Who Es-
caped Death or Capture in
the Battle.
HAVANA, July 10.— Several men belong
ing to the crew of the Alfonso XII from
Santiago have arrived hero, the vessel
having been run ashore at Mariel to es
cape capture.
Naval Lieutenants Manuel Bustamenta
and Jose Caballero, Naval Cadet Ramon
Navia and sne hundred and fifty-three
F.iilors of Admiral Cervera's ships reached
Santiago on Friday. The Insular Govern
ment is thoroughly in accord with Cap
tain General Blanco, who continues to
hold a lirrn attitude against surrender.
thanksgivingVt the
national capital
Patriotic Discourses nt Nearly All the
Churches — President Mo-Kinley
Deeply Impressed.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— This has been I
a day of thanksgiving and prayer In the i
nation's capital. The president's recent i
proclamation resulted in a concert of pa- i
triotic utterances from many pulpits.
Prayers were offered for an early con
summation of peace. In nearly every
church where the proclamation had sug
gested the topic of the sermon, special j
music and patriotic prayers were ren
dered, many of the services closing wltn
the hymn "America."
President McKinley as usual, attended
the morning services 1 t the Metropolitan |
M. E. Church. II- went alone and was
deeply impressed by the discourse de
livered by the pastor, the Rev. Frank
Bristol, D.D. The church was crowded
long before th*» services began. Scores of
persons remained standing throughout
and many more went away unable to
gain admission.
Dr. Bristol's sermon hold tho attention '
of his auditors throughout. At times his i
hearers were so thoroughly aroused by i
his patriotic utterances thnt ripples of
spontaneous applause swept over the con
gregation.
HEADEND COLLISION
ON TEHACHAPI GRADE
Disobedience of Orders Results in I
Serious Injury to an Engineer
and Fireman.
BAKKRSFIKLD, July 10.— A light en- j
fcine coming- down Tehachapl grade this
morning; collided with the southbound j
passenger train near Benlville. Engineer j
George Cooper and Fireman Charles I
Blakelee of the light engine were, serious
ly Injured. The locomotives crashed to
gether head on. Engineer John Hayes
and Fireman Joe Gates of the passenger
engine jumped In time to escape Injury.
The light engine hod orders to sidetrack
at Bealvtlle, but fulled to do so. About
fifteen passengers were injured, none se- '
riously. Physicians were hurried to the
scene and all the passengers were able to
continue the journey when the wreckage
•was removed. The northbound passen
ger train following the light engine ar- '
rived seven hours late. It sidetracked at
Bealvllle per orders, and was not in the ,
smash-up.
Wreck Near Elsmore.
DUNSMUIR, July 10.— Train No. 13. con
sisting of thirty cars, drawn by two en
gines, was wr'-cked about 10 o'clock thin
morning at tunnel No. 4, near Elmoro., by :
four cars In the middle of the train leav- !
ing the rails and tearing up about 150 feet '
of roadbed. The car trucks were demol- i
lshed, but the cars and 4 their contents'
were left intact. No one was injtired. The <
southbound express train left Dunsmuir ;
two hours late to-night, expecting to get !
by the wreck without further delay.
New House of Worship.
SANTA CRUZ, June 10.— The Christian |
Church congregation, of which Rev. R. 1,. :
McHatton is p.i3tor, worshiped for the '
first time in its new building this morn- j
inp. The house is in an unfinished condi- |
tlon, the pr.stor and congregation prefer- ;
ring to occupy it without assuming tinan- ;
clal burdens of too much weight. The ;
house v.-as f-rect^'l by voluntary contribu
tiona of money and labor.
Factory Building Burned.
PHILADELPHIA, July 10.— Halloon &
Shoemaker's five-story brick factory
building at Boone and Diamond streets
•was entirely destroyed*by fire to-day, in
volving a loss of about $$100,000, divided
among owners of the building and the Va
rious tenants. The loss is covered by In
surance.
ATHLETICS
VICTORIOUS
They Defeat the Fresnos
Handily.
A GREAT TRIPLE PLAY |
THE BIG CROWD CHEERED AND
HOOTED.
The Game Contained More Real Sen
sational Plays Than All the
Others Combined — Reilly's
Great Home Run.
BY JOE CORBETT.
A handsome crowd of 3000 people turned j
out to witness the game between the Ath- i
l'tlcs and Fresnos yesterday afternoon |
at Recreation Park, and were given a
treat long to be remembered. Never tn
the brief history of this park were so
many brilliant and phenomenal plays ex- J
ecuted, and never did a crowd make
manifest Its appreciation of noble efforts
in a more convincing manner. Time and j
again they were brought to their feet to
cheer and applaud the individual work of
some player, until vocal chords finally re
belled and plays that In an ordinary
game would have caused pandemonium
were allowed to pass almost unnoticed.
Truly it was a beautiful sight.
Of course, there were plays having a
strong resemblance to the color of those
Fresno uniforms, but what did It matter
so long as every player fought hard and
earnestly.
Then again, if a player made an error
in one Inning, in the next he would com
pel that crowd which had previously
hooted to stand up and howl themselves
Into a state of ecstacy over some one
handed stop or other unusual play he
would make.
So it was all through the game. One
, j handed stops, running catches, a triple
i play, singles, two-baggers, home runs,
, all in such rapid succession that it was
simply Impossible to keep track of them.
To add to the glory of the occasion, for
I it was glorious from the start, were the
repeated cries of "Kill the umpire:" "Oh,
: but you're rotten:" Then from some j
j other unexpected quarter would come the j
! remark "You are full of incandescent j
lights and cheesecloth"' Then a more in
telligent character seated in the vicinity
lof the bar would shout, "Mr. Umpire,
• | that decision at third base was the;
! rankest piece of daylight embezzlement!"
Now when such criticisms creep Into a
j game, the people are Interested, and are I
I enjoying themselves. So it was yesterday.
i They took exception to every decision
that presented itself, Bhowed their dis- t
pleasure by uttering some uncomplimeii
tary remark, and then, right on top of (
this, would jump up and fairly shake the
stands, In showing their appreciation of
some clever play. What more could be i
desired? The people enjoyed every mo
ment devoted to the game; the players in
return put forth their best efforts, and j
| simply covered themselves with glory.
The' plays that were particularly Btart-
I ling and conspicuous were the triple play, i
I made by Johnson, assisted by Reilly and '
ii J yne; the home run made by Reilly. who
put the ball over the right Held fence on
a line; that one-handed stop and double
. play made by Stultz; the great running i
catch of a pop fly and throw to second i
[ retiring the runner at that base, made by j
; Mangerlna; and the splendid running
■ catch of a long fly made by Ford There
were, as I said before, other clever plays,
but as the ones mentioned were responsi
ble for all the noise. I will leave the oth- i
ers for future discussion.
The game was won by the Athletics
i through opportune hitting and superb
i fielding. Fitzpatrick, who did the twirl-
Ing, was pounded unmercifully by the
Fresnos, yet the base hit column does not
prove It. Line hit after line hit did those
boys make, and as often were they
knocked down. They were certainly un
fortunate, but good hitting must ev< r
puccumb to such phenomenal fielding as
that accomplished by their opponents.
To give an illustration of how strongly
| the fates were against them, look into the j
play that follows:
In the fifth inning, with men on first ;
rind second basts and no one out, Earley
| hit a ball like a shot in the direction of
, third base. All hands started round, but i
Johnson leaped in the air, caught the ball,
tossed it to Reilly, who in turn threw it
I to flrst, completing the best triple play
seen at Recreation I 'ark.
On a number of other occasions terrific
hits were either captured or knocked J
down when they meant runs, so Fitz- i
Patrick should thank his fielders for win- \
ning yesterday's game.
Thomas, on the other hand, while not
as steady as he might have been, was hit j
j opportunely, and nearly every mistake j
i made by his support and himself proved |
' fatal. He pitched good ball considering
that he participated in Saturday's con- j
test. The Fresnos did not display the
form of Saturday and should continue
practicing. They should also secure an
| other good pitcher.
The score is as follows:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BIT. PE. PO. A. E.
! Pyne, lb 5 1 3 0 13 0 v
i Reilly, 2 b 4 2 2 2 3 6 1 |
MeLaughlin, 1. f.... 4 0 0 0 1 0 0 I
Stultz, s. s 4 1 2 0 G 7 1
F.ager, c 4 10 0 2 0 1
Ford. o. f... v 4 0 10 10 0
Hllderbrandt, r. f... 3 1 0 2 0 0 0
Johnson, 3 b 3 1 0 0 2 2 1
| Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 10 0 2 0!
Totals 3G 7 9 4 27 17 4
FRESNO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Earley. 2 b 3 10 14 2 1
Held, 1 b 4 1 0 1 11 0 0
McCue, c. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Courtney, s. 8 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
i Moore. 3 b 4 0 2 0 14 11
! Ferguson, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0 1
♦ Brlttaln, r. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 1!
| Mangerlna, o 4 0 r 0 C 2 1
i Thomas, p 3 0 1 0 0 2 0 i
Totals 32 2 5 2 27 14 4 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Athletics 1 0 2 1 0 8 0 0 o—7
Base hits 1 0 3 0 0 2 10 2—9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DrJeyers' Electric Belt
Superior to all Others for Restoring
Weak and Debilitated Men. .....
J ■ './ til. ' ■ "■ . •.'■•-: :'\ ' ■ ' '■-..
DP AA FYF P 731 Market St.,
*"^ * V *■ ■ * *— ■* I *"* *V 4lll^> THIRD PLOOB. 81N fRAIf 01800.
CO«/»ITSPO«DEJVCK SOLICITED.
Office Hours-9 to 12, Ito 4 Dally; ETcnlnns 7to 8 ; Sundays 9to 11.
THE SAN FHAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, IS9B.
Fresnos 1 0 0 0 0 10 0 o—2
Base hits 0 2 0 0 2 10 0 0-5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Thomas 2. Home run —
Reilly. Two-base hits— Moore 2. Base on
errors— Athletics 3, Fresnos 3. Bases on balls —
Athletics 2. l^eft on bases— Athletics 5, Fres
nos 6. Struck out— By Thomas 1. Hit by
pitcher— Brittaln 2, Earley, HllderbraniJt.
Double plays— Mans?erlna to Courtney; Stultz
to Pyne. Trli»le play -Johnson to Reilly to
Pyne. Passed balls— Mangerlna 2. Time of
Kame— One hour and 40 minutes. Umpire —
Smith.
GREAT BALL AT STOCKTON.
Home Team and Friscos Tie
in the Fourteenth Inning.
STOCKTON. July 10.— A remarkable
game of baseball waa played here to-day
between the Stockton and San Francisco
rlubs. It was a hard and game struggle
up to the twelfth inning, at the end of
which not a man on either side had
reached the home plate. In the thir
teenth the ice was broken and each team
scored twice. There was great excite
ment in this inning, particularly when the
ront-st was declared a draw. This was the
last game of the season here. The fol
io whig summary shows the close work:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pelna, 1 b 6 0 0 0 14 0 0
Hillings, c 6 0 1 0 12 3 1
Smith. 2 b 5 10 14 4 0
Rice, r. t 6 110 3 2 1
Starkajr, a. s 6 0 10 16 0
Hei^inger, c. t 5 0 0 0 0 0 1
M. White. 3 b 4 0 10 13 1
Muller. 1. i 5 0 2 12 0 0
Whal-wi. p 6 0 10 2 3 0
Walthour, c. f 1 0 0 0 o 0 0
Total 49 2 7 2 39 21 4
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. K.
E. Smith. S b 4 12 IX4I
11. KrUff, s. s 6 0 10 5 4 1
Dunleavy, 2 b 5 0 1 0 5 7 2
Murphy, 1 b 5 0 0 0 21 0 1
Crull. r. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Hearty, 1. t 5 0 10 10 0
Beaton, c. f 5 0 0 0 1 0 0
Stroecker, o 4 0 10 3 2 0
Shea, p 5 10 0 0 5 0
Total 43 2 6 1 39 22 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.'
Stockton 0 00000000000 2—2
Base hits... i) 01110000002 2-7
San Fran 0 0 0000000000 2-2
Base U1U...1 00010001000 3—6
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Mullir, f-troecker. Respon
sible for runs- Shea 2. Whalen 1. Double play—
Dunleavy to Smith. lilt by pitcher— N. Smith,
Dunleavy. Three-base hit— EJ Smith. Sacri
fice hits— Nick Smith, Rice. Ix'ft on bases—
Stockton 9, San Francisco 7. liases on balls —
<>n" Whalen 4. off Shea 1. Struck out— By
WhaJen 12. by Shea 3. Umpire— C. Sweeney.
1 Time of game— Two hours and 13 minutes.
j Scorer — A. H. Harlin.
"SANDCRABS" WORSTED.
San Jose Very Handily . De-
feats Santa Cruz.
SAN JOSE, July 10.-Santa Cruz, rein
forced by a throng of Surf City adherents,
to-day invaded the domain of Manager
Weston and narrowly escaped being shut
out. San Jose was also out in force, the
attendance being the largest of the sea
son. The game itself was as pretty a con
test as one could wish to see, beautiful
plays predominating throughout. San
Jose started the ball rolling in fifth, when
on two doubles and two singles three men
scored. In the eighth another was
added on singles by Hanlon and Eagan
aided by some scientific Juggling on the
part of Santa Cruz. The Sand Crabs did
not tally until two men were out in the
ninth, when an error allowed them to put
two men across the rubber, lberg and
Balsz were opposing twlrlers and each
pitched a masterly game. Fitzgerald's
iirst base work was the (inest ever seen
on the local grounds, nothing being too
hard or difficult for him. The score was:
SAN T JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley, 1. f 4 0 10 10 0
Hanlon, lb 4 1 2 0 1« 2 0
McGucken, c. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Khkuii, 2b 4 0 10 3 5 0
Foley. r. t 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
McCarty, 3b 3 110 13 0
Brockoff, s. s 4 110 2*l
Kent, c 4 0 0 OS 1.1
IberK. p 4 110 0 5 0
Totals ....34 4 7 0 27 20 S
6ANTA mi:z.
AB. H. JiH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, b. s 4 0 0 0-151
Mclntyre, 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 1
Devereaux, 3b 3 0 2 0 2 11
Strieb, c. f 4 110 0 0 0
McOrath. r. f 4 10 0 10 0
Fitzgerald, lb 4 0. 1 0 15 10
Daubenbla. c 2 0 0 1 5 2 0
ArrelliUJCß, 2b 3 0 0 0 10 0
Balsz, p 3 0 0 0 1 1-i 0
Totals 30 "i 4 1 27 11 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Pan Joee 00003001 o—4
Santa Crux 00000000 2—2
SUMMARY.
Earne.l runs— San Jose 2. Two-base hits—
McCarty, Hanley, Btrfeb and lberg. First base
on errors— San Jose 2, Santa t'ruz 1. Base on
balls— San Jose 2. Santa Cruz 1. Struck out—
By Balsz 5. Left on bases— San Jose 5, Santa
Cruz 4 Double McCarty to Hanlon to
Kent: Brockoff to Eagan to Hanlon; Fitzg-erald
to Arrellanes; Fitzgerald, unassisted. Hit by
pitcher— Daubenbis. Passed ball— Daubenbis.
Time of rame — r >mln. Umpire — O'Connell.
Scorers— Doyle and Webber.
•
Sacramento Downs Oakland.
SACRAMENTO, July 10.— The Oaklands
put up a top notch game of ball to-day,
but against the stonewall front of the Gilt
Edges their efforts were futile and they
went down to defeat. I^ockhead and Hen
nessey were again in the Gilt Edge ranks,
otherwise the result might have been dif
ferent. The feature of the game was the
great work of Schmeer at short. Score:
Gilt Edges. G; hits 11, errors, 2. Oakland,
2; hits I: errors 3. Batteries— Doyle and
Stanley; Russell and Sullivan.
Probably Frosted Feet.
WATSONVUjLE, July 10.— In the game
to-day between the I'ajaro Valley Wheel
men and the Golden Gates of San Fran
cisco, the latter nine, without any justi
fication, quit the game In the ninth Inn
ing, when the score was 5 to 3 In Wat
sonvllle's favor. Donlin, the local pitcher,
struck out sixteen men.
The J. J. O'Briens Won.
The J. J. O'Briens defeated the crack
team at Pinole yesterday by a score of
S to 2.
Her Bed Took Fire.
Mrs. Turner, a guest at the Royal Eagle
Hotel, Powell and Ellis streets, and Sid
Tewksbury, a clerk in the hotel, were
driven to the Receiving Hospital at an
early hour yesterday morning, where their
hands were dressed for burns. They ex
plained that Mrs. Turner's bed had caught
lire and while endeavoring to put out the
flames their hands were burned. Mrs.
Turner had to get six rings filed oft her
fingers.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DEPRESS!^
TEY
(MARIANI WINE)
THE IDEAL TONIC.
Mariani Wine is a tonic prepared
upon truly scientific principles. It con-
tains absolutely no in jurious proper-
ties. It has been endorsed by more
than 8000 American physicians.
Mariani Wine gives power to the
brain, strength and elasticity to the
muscles and richness to the blood. It
is a oromotor of good health and long-
evity.
Marianl Wine is specially indi-
cated for General Debility, Overwork,
Weakness from whatever causes, Pro-
found Depression and Exhaustion,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Consump-
tion and Malaria. Taken with cracked
Ice, Mariani Wine dispels Summer
Prostration and guards against faint-
ness. -, ; \ - 1 .
Marianl Wine is invaluable for
overworked men. delicate women, and j
sickly children. It soothes, strengthens
and sustains the system and braces
body and brain. Try It.
To those who will kindly write to IIARI-
ANI & CO., 52 West Fifteenth street. New
York City, will be sent free, book containing
portraits with Indorsements of Emperors, Em-
press, Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and
other Interesting matter.
All Druggists. Avoid Substitutions.
I WILL ASSUME MORT= I
} GAGE OR PAY CASH t
I DIFFERENCE. f
■$■ I own a large unimproved piece of <£
<S> property on Mission street, near Fif- <*►
<§> teenth, valued at $30,000. I want to trade 4>
<s> It for an Improved piece. Will pay <$>
<|> cash difference or assume a mortgage if <s>
<j> the improved property is greater In <s>
<S> value. Address box 1001, Call office. <§>
Here are orne reasons hy you
should buy your Eye-Glasses or Spec- j
tacles from us:
We have perfect facilities.
We have a large stock to select from. ]
We give the lost and quickest service.
OPTIC.ANs7 pHOt^PH^ =v ,
642 Market St. instruments
oneio CUWCUI Bunomt.
OCEJLS TBAV2JU-
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fcfc. Steamers leave Broadway I
iCTijfci wharf, San Francisco.
HRifflSfcw For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
■ Kofkj3j|h July -. 10, 15, 20. 25, SO; August
EKvNKeVffka *• transfer at Sc ittla
IlWyi|g| jjL'J For Alapkan j irta (from
B9jKL^gE§AI Folsom-street wharf). 10 a, m.,
r^^i^HH^rt .Tulv 17, Auirust 4, 25, transfer !
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C > Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacom:i. Kverett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m July 5 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry at Tacoma with N. P. Ry-. at ancouver
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka' (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. in..
July 1. 7. 13, 19, 23. 21. August 6, and every j
sixth day thereafter. ■
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Snn Simeon. ;
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). j
Gavlota. Santa lUrbnra. Vtntura. Hupneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Anjrele?) and
Newport. 9 a. m., July 4. S. 12. 16. 20. 2». 2S.
August 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San I >lego. stopping only lit Port llar-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los ATigeles). 11
a. m.. July 2. 6. 10, 14. IS. 22. 2G, 30, August J.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Gay, San Jose del |
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., July 17, I
August 14.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hnnrs of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL, PERKINB & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
WBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m. •
FARC $12 FlrBt Clo Including Bertß
IHIIL SS Second Class Hnd Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia July 2, 10. IS, 25
State of Califcrnla July 6. 14, 22, 30
St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 00 |
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50 <
Omaha 16 00 New York 31 00
E. C. "WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compaple Generate Transatlantiqat. \
FrenoU Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North _ j»^».i^.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <27y2J
by this tiite avoid both transit i ( y»-*»a*&<ra»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Kgypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
6ec<>nd clcss. $118.
LA NORMANDIE July 16, 10 a, m.
LA BRETAGNE....... July 23, 10 a. m.
LA 3ABCOGNE July 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE Aug. 6, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 13, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent. '
No. i Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUQAZI & CO., Agents, S Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mall Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry. /
' Rates for Saloon Passage— of Rome, $60;
other steamers, $60.
Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50; Furnessia, $37 60;
other steamers, $33. r ■.--■■■
Steerage Passage— Rome, $25 50; Furnessla
$24 80; other Bteamers, $23 60.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents. 7
Bowling Green, New York; or J. F. FUGAZI.
■B Montgomery st.; or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
Montgomery st. ; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
PMBPfitlljß The S. S. ALAMEDA
■ BlliM\iEL rm s v| Honolulu arid
rfc^™ W Auckland . for Sydney
mr . -* v. Wednesday, July IS. at
S|MlRh|nj 2 hnT to COCLGAR-
CgH,, DIE. Australia, and
(OfflPaß^?,.™ TOWN. South
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
. 114 ' Montgomery st.
: Freight offlco— Market st.. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ! "Montlcells." V,: *
Mon., Toes Wed.. Thtvs. and 53at. .........
9:4. r > *. m., ' J:l5 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs )
Fridays ................... .1 p. m. and 8:30 p. ra.
Sundays ................. 10:30 a. m. and S p. tn.
Laadlnff end Offices— Dock. Pltr J.
Telephone ltcd 224 L . ~
r - ■ -__ — -r^r-l
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their camp by sending nam; and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
M>IG/C • SANTA I I
'■^> CATALINA
"America's greatPst field for health and pleas- j
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing In
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens; j
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor Bports; dancing; pyrotech- !
nics: water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and npl.-n.lld ORCHESTRA,
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient j
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open Juiy 1. Splendid arrangement for j
campers.
Full Information, rates. Illustrated pamphlets, \
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
SAMTiA SPBING \ ";
Lcke County, Cal,
-Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
nnrlvaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most '•
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy ■
tf access; telephone connections and daily mail.
Rates to cult all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, cr tn San Francisco. 416 Pine street, b'.
A. BUSBB.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine water*
and baths, clecne?t accommodation r.nd tab!-.
raralsn stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market st.. 3. F., $S; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. in for Poltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
OU A PPO HOT R rm>-GS, Sonomi Co
fclnli.i Only 414 hours from S. F. and
UIVnUVV but 9 mllea' etaglng; water*
ncted for medicinal virtues; best natural batl>
In State; swlmmlr.g and boating; grand moun-
tain ecenery; excellent climate: jjood trout !
ftreams at door; pliotographeru' room: telt-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLAS3 ;
BERVICE ; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from 8. F. only |5 50; tr.k<» Tiburoa
ft-rry at 7:30 a. tn. or 3:SO p. m. Terms, $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of tbi
past three, years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Simmer.
Roots free to guests. Fine flshlnß. Excellent
(able. Clean beds and careful attention to !
rntrons. Climate perfect. 81xteen miles from -
Trjckee In the bep.rt of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ld al spot for families because It It !
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
snd pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM- '
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inds- i
cendence Lake will be open to the public.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thlt> delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cell
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation; ;
good trout fishlnir and hunting. Round ttij i
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAIJLDINQ. Proprteton.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Eonoma County. 6 Hours from San Frand*eo.
, ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grondest scenery. The hotel an »nchantl:ijj
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elsgsai ;
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AN'L> MINERAL BATH 1 *
Tepid Swimming —ake. Lone-dlstanco Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpasssd.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week: $3 and $3 59 per
flay. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
f^.4-** n No staging to get there.
/_riFl/l ro foX - mosaultoes cr
/-fl v 3L I I JLI winds n-he'n you are
aai»i*»» there. Table unsurpassed.
Rates fin. $12. $14 a week.
/y • Round trln tickets $7. W.
-*%iP4 itt*TC tf Mitchell. Manager: |
llli illV^ F. V. Owen, Agent. Call
AJ|/1 lAlsy3 Building.
OA^l7 A Til\ SPRINGS.
HOWARD putah p. 0..
M.V/.tT. /-%ivaj^ LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unnnrpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
Ules. Postofflce and telephone.
R.ound 1 trip. $10. Southern Pacific office. «ll
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
CASTRO VALLEY,
Near Hayv.-anls. Room and board for 1 or 2
ladies or' lady and gentleman in private fam-
ily nice location: rate reasonable. Apply nt
D. •H. VOGT'S, Haywards, Alameda Co.. Cal.
HOTEL BEN VENUE,
Lnkeport, Cal.
Situated on * the shore of Clear Lake; flna
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children: home cooking, boating, bathinr.
fishing: rates reasonable. -- ' Address FRANK
BCALES and A. IS. BCALKB. •
JOHANNISBERG.
Famou'i mountain health and pleasure rMort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating, hunting and ewlmming. •
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to •
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Nan*. CmL
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most ; wonderful- waters; all kinds ot skin;
diseases cured In marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism : and stomach ' j
troubles Immediately relieved; rates $10 to $11 ■
Ser week. Long-distance telephone. .; Addre«i
. A. HATS. Proprietor. Lake County. . .
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Uopland; unequaied sods
■nd magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nifhed cottages; " terms ;■ tlO :to «'2 per "week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor. Hopland, Col.
LOCH LOMOKD.
. New house; nicely furnished; hard-finished
rooms; good table; everything neat ; and clean;
3 minutes from depot; rates JT to $10 per week;
postofflce, etc. C. 11. WILLIAMS, Ben Lo-
mond, r Cal.
DEER PARK INN \
(Lake Tahoe),' elevation , «iio7 reeet. opens Juns '
1 Fine accommodations. . Cottages with prl- I
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R rates, $13 60 for ROUND TRIP. J. a. j
LIBBT. room V Flood bulldlnr. Baa Franolico.
IF YOU ...
' . i Are seeking for a £c-
lightful and healthful
resort for the summer
' <<f*'S3£Ji.2 I '"_K3*v montlis for your family,
"^j£»J™k-3&?*3T not B0 remote from
fciw : i^Slft!' i'^ J" 1 ' that y° u can
iJ-JBEufcLk /qJHIII be with them without j
"' Iv J neglecting your busi-
ness. - ".."•'
'IF YOU ..... Are in search of a good j
taM» and comfortable sleeping apartments ;
nnly IV£ hours' travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening; [
IF IT IS . . . . ' Your wish to confine t
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay, ;
yrur attention is directed to
Hayward9 P»rk, Et the Tenninns of the Oakliad,
San Lcandro and Haywards Electrio Railwty.
OH IF YOU . . Are fo.id of tenting, '
here you will find a large number of commod-
ious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining room, on one of which you may ;
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme Is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of tha
club house. The cars of the company run
Into the park. The monthly commutation rate ;
is only $5; room and board. $S per week; board
; for campers, $5 per week. Campers ana room- ■
ere have the rame service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE, Haywards
I Club House.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
H '**%& OAKLAND,
J^^^^L. ISto and Jefferson Sis. \
"tf^^tfili^M^^iSU Only 35 minutes
j^^tt^f-tyjSJ^aM^ cisco - San Fran-
' 1^ UtttiflTiH • A Desirable : Summer
**§§2™s2£i^ and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. briare, Prop, and Tourists.
HI&HLAND SPBK,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTT OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all JUnds of amuss- j
ments: new Fwlmmlng tank, baths and bowl* j
Ing alley. First-class accommodations; rate* I
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 31C Montgomery etreeu
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MARKWEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State; a va- i
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
ptaur, Mngnpsla. Iron and Arsenic: plunga bath; i
EwJmminß.pool; billiards. Fhufffe-board. croquet i
and other games. Accommodations first class; I
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets j
mornlnpr trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
Th»Plae9for ODfU A DTi FOOT- j
RESTand A^jj h lls of th «
HEALTH SPRINGS S|
Plain. Quiet Retreat, Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit, and all the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideil gro'-inds and surroundings. On R.,136 milecfm S.F.
$8 week. Open all year. s«nd for Booklet.
Address Orchard Bpriags, Chicago Park, Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Fanta Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
. 2 hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest . hall and dlnlns-room in Santa Cru«
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished' and elegantly furnished. Tel»- !
phone and telegraph service. Rour.d trip, HI |
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop.. South Ben
Lomond.
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management. I
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort.- Fresh milk. -in<l fruit. Livery i
connected. $S week. H. 11. BANFILL. Prop.
Ul/Ull LliWa ment go hand In
hand .at HOTEL GISELMAN.
UflOOn ITfir And »ood treat-
QUUJI LtCft ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor. \
SUMMIT SODA
■ ■ ' SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 0009 feet. ■
Dally mall. Telephone connections. "New ac- i
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
- Natural advantages; palubrious iimai<»; D le-
turesque ecenery ; mountain walks- pur* '
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves-
lawns and gardens. The best advantages fo-
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture 'In a short tlma. ■ Addre«s St
Helena Sar.Marlum. St. Helena. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRIISGS HOTEL
Bonoma Valley, two hours from S. F via rib-
nron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
bat Kl-,K 1 -, I ?s tel com let «ly remodeled sna retar-
nlshed. Water, gas. -lectric bells. r.aies $ W to
ENTE BPifevalVy- A d , drM » AOUrCALt-
ente bXHi.NQS. Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co..
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH
Natural attractions without limit Pleasant
walks throuKh shndv canrons.Huntin- ami
flshlng. .Table Bupplied : with fresh "er"{,bl", I
fruits, butter, milk and t egg S A .leuVhVfiii
country home. Free conveyance at depot- »'
per week. JOHN P. WINTER. : Cloverdaie? Call
•';■■ PLANTATION HOUSE, .
oo^TouT'^^p^f^^.r B r i T «ss
milk; conveyance for part,;, Addr7 S , °f>
LUTTRfNG n FR' c 5 WO< ? d « c «^- Address 7
nnnl7ir ifm^r^^' l^ Sonoma County, or
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
.^Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
El Paso de Robies Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROELES, CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprtetw
UtNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINQ3.
NEW HOTKIj AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated In the h<*art o£ the redwoods, four
miles from Glenwoo'j, County uf Santa Crux.
Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation liiOO
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate- unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, planu,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage line 50c.
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
Bcenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS, Glenwood.
TO the country we go— We will meet you at
; the depot; gocd accomodations; desirable lo-
- cation; terms $7: children S3 60. E. M. SHEL-
' FORD, Pleasant View ranch, Cloverdale. Cal.
COUNTRY board near Sonoma; private fam-
lly: erond horn«; terms reasonable. MRS. F.
CHELINI, Sonoma. '
Beware of Imitations
*b lto j''^ The . w%9
•^ MtorcesTersliwe
*.-• ■ - : •
\ JOHN DUNC/N'B BOKB, ACENTS, NEW YOXkI
rjiD
WEEK.LV
W JQLii vLi I
CWLL
o^ It Publishes the Cream oj th»
J News of the Week and
cU MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c^ • ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY !
©< PAPER ON THB
■^J PACIFIC COAST
The Best \ / Mining
~J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ ' s Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to da
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of
■J it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright, Clear., A Champ. o,: of
1 Thouzbttnl. Truth.
\ '
c) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J. ALL THE TIME. ,
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BT
Z) HOME MAIL, 51.5»
C\ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
"^^^Sl#^«r^:
9F*^4r .7c" 1 " " n '' ae 00 - 111 If siuooii! mem-
B emrlEbVAH£ ChemimiOo.'- brancs. Non-astringent.
V^\cii(CiHNATi,o Es§s s ld b Cro^ffUita, '
_V^^V U. S. A.^jff ?r? r B " nt in plain wrapper.
,■■ • . .. ■ -Z__Ll a Circular »<int oa r«<juest.
Weak Men and Women
f S MOULD t;SE DAMIANA HITTERS. THH
_T X I??' Mexican remedy; give* heaitii mi
i •trength to tha sexual or»in«. uellIIJ » *°*ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOT LOOKING
FOR MARTYRS
No Republican Wish for
Dr. Pardee's Sacrifice.
DESERTERS NOT IN FAVOR
HAS THE MOUNTAIN OR HAS
MOHAMMED MOVEDP
Historical Facts of the Past Four
Years Lead to Some Very Re
markable Conclusions in
Alameda County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• ■■ Broadway, July 10.
The Republicans of Alameda County are
not Looking for a martyr to represent
them in the State convention. They do
not consider it neeosaary for a man to
sacrifice his reputation in order to obtain
an honor from the party. They fully be
lieve that if Alameda desires to place a ;
man in nomination for any oflice in the j
gift of the people there are plenty whose j
Integrity, honor and Republicanism can- j
not bo questioned. Of the 16.000 Republi
cans in this county there are probably 100
—all of them office seekers— believe I
that their party is in such a dire condi- ,
tion that it is necessary to put forward '
as an independent candidate for Governor -
a man who during the past five years has
never lost an opportunity to decry Repub
licanism and to express his pride and i
thank God that he has shaken off its I
Bhackels. This hungry little band of men
are trying to persuade the remaining
15,900 that it will be an act of supreme
condescension on the part of a man who
lamented only three years ago that he
had ever been seduced by the Republican
party to accept the highest honor in the J
party.
Alameda County does not share these j
opinions, and no amount of cheap notor- '
lety attained through a personal organ
can create in the party in this county >
such a stultified opinion ol itself.
Dr. Pardee; a non-Republican, is being '
boomed in this county by his little band ,
for the Republican nomination for Gov
ernor. It la necessary to recall this tact
becaut judging from the press of the .
State, little Is known of this unique farce i
outside of Alameda 'ounty. Dr. Pardee j
is a good fellow socially and a gentleman. |
Politically he is a "good thing"— and any- j
thing but a Republican. This is the alpha j
and omega of the doctor with the party
at lar{ One would judge from his ut- j
terances in his organ that he is a great
pow< r and if such a delusion gives any
satisfaction they are welcome to it, but;
it bas not deceived the party. To have
political ambition with not enough of
Intellect to carry it beyond the ridiculous
stage is a mis:"orvune, but there is no
reason why any such misfortune should
be inflictfd on an eatire party. If Ala.- i
meda County wants anything from the'
State convention it has intellect enough
to know that It must put before the Re- I
publicans of the State a strong party ;
man. not a political contortl I No i
amount of ilstry can olind the eyes i
of the party of this tact, nor is It blind- I
ing them.
Had any one made any ference to j
Dr. Pardee's private life he would have,
been guilty of a gross unerentlemanly act, j
for no citizen has any rij<ht whatever to |
deal with a public man other than as con
cerns hi* public acts". Dr. Pardee, how
ever, has transgressed this rule, for dur
ing th< past week he l:as charged false
hood and Insanity and vlndlcuvenesa to :
some one who published me of the doc
tor's own uncontradic'ted speeches. No
one knows ttei than Dr. Pardee that
his public uturances when seeking per- <
sviai glory three and five years ago, wehe ,
all directed to traducing the Republican
party.
"I ai proud to say I was one of those
who bolted the iblican convention of
four years ago," said Dr. Pardee.
"I regret to say that two years later I
was seduced Into voting the Republican
ticket," said Dr. Pardee.
"The Republican . irty is owned by cor
porations." said Dr. Pard
"Dire calamities will result if the Re
publican party su< ceeds." said Dr. Par- ■
dee. And up till this hour neither orally
or through hii organ, has he given I
the slightest Intimation that he has
been Lgain "seduced" by this contempti- :
ble, degrading, corporation-owned Repub- i
lican party. ■
If Dr. Pardee's recent utterances be
true, he is in the peculiar condition of a
man. half of him going one way and half
going the other. Four years ago he was
loud In his declarations that he was not
a Republican and a strong- anti-railroad
man. For the purpose of argument, wo
will admit that the doctor then told the
truth. It will also be admitted, for the
same purpose, that he then told the truth
when he said that the Republican party
represented the railr< and "everything
that is Indecent and corrupt." If at the
present time, although he has nor jo stat
ed, he be a Republican, he has constituted
himself the leader of everything that a
few short years ago — when he wanted
something— he was denouncing. Conse
quently, he is now as much a Belf-con
fessed railroad man as a publican. It
Is true he has not said he is a Republican,
but tnybody but lunatics would naturally
presume that he wished to create such an
impression by leeking a Republican nom
ination. No doubt this kind of logic will
• • ADVERTISEMENTS.
IEtCWTw"™ 0 copVric.lt mid 1 "'
FIT FOR A KING.
Is our patrons' verdict on our artistic
laundry work. We take pains to please
— we must please! Our reputation as
an Al first-class laundry sis at stake
If we don't, and we want to be the
King pin in San Francisco, as a Mecca
for those who want laundry work done
bo as to make their linen look like new
every time. And we do it!
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
Radway'e Ready Kellef for fipra'.ns. Bruises,
•ore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
Sche Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Nea-
nalKla Lumbago.. Internally for alt Bowel
Fains' Colic, .Diarrhoea. Dy«entery,- Cholera
fitorbu* and Sickness, Nausea, «tc. All dru*-
b? In due time condemned in Dr. Pardee's
organ as false and the ravings of a luna
tic, but the argument, it must be remem
bered, is that of Dr. Pardee.
Or, If this conclusion be not true, that
Dr. Pardee has gone to the railroad com
pany, the reductio ad absurdum of the sit
uation naturally follows, that tho moun
tain has come to Mohammed. It would
be very interesting to be able to adduce
proof that the corporations, especially the
railroad company, with all the brains
that it employs and the immense possibil
ities It possesses for promulgating politi
cal corruption, had 'come over to Dr. Par
dee's way of thinking. Should the pre
vious conclusion be denied, no other sug
gestion is left, except one, and that is.
that Dr. Pardee considers himself intel
lectually the superior of Abraham Lin
coln and presumes that he can fool all the
people all the time.
If Alameda County has any claim on
the Republican party of this State at
this time — and it undoubtedly has — it is
due to the heroic party work carried out
during the McKinley campaign. If the
reward for such work be narrowed down
to individuals, it naturally follows that
sr.ch rewards are Jthe rights of those who
took a leading part in that campaign.
Memories have been racked, newspaper
files have been searched, but so far no
one has been able to discover that Mr.
McKinley is indebted even in a small de
gree .or in any other degree to the inde
pendent Dr. Pardee. If he made a speech
during that campaign, if he contributed
in any oral, literary or financial way to
the great Republican success of '%, it Is
time his little band heralded such infor
mation to a waiting county.
If the doctor were even a private sup-
Eorter of the great McKinley, let the
eavens tell it, for the earth cannot.
Another of the evidences of puerility In
Dr. Pardee's Independent campaign is his
repeated assertion, through his organ,
that about four men, including Steve T. j
Gage, and Charles Mautelan, are about all j
who are opposed to Dr. Pardee. Appar- j
ently the doctor has not heard of John E. j
Fa mum, who was the choice of the party !
of this county to preside over its last
county convention; of W. V. Witcher,
ex-president of the Merchants' Exchange;
of George W. Arper, president of the
same body; of H. A. Powell, whom Dr.
Pardee selected as one ot the leading
counsel in the water front cases; of John
A. Britton; of Fred E. Whitney, a leading
Republican of the Second Ward; of W. R.
Davis, in whom Dr. Pardee, at the time
he was not a Republican, placed so much
confidence that he entrusted him with the
management of the water front cases; of
\V. W. Knickerbocker, member of the Re
publican State committee; of ex-Judge
Charlos N. Fox, of L. G. Burpee. George
F. Neece, John Yule and the rest of the
leading Republicans of this county.
There have been so many able political
managers evolved in Alameda County
during the past twenty years whose man
ner of manipulating politics has been so
well exploited that it is at this time im
possible to throw dust in the eyes of the
veriest tyro In the county. Misrepresen
tation has little effect where the truth 1*
known. Evasion of facts by substituting
personality and weak attempts to be
funny no longm inspire respect. Sell
adulation at so much per pace carries
no weight, but somehow or other thess
facts, which are apparent to a schoolboy,
:■• m to be entirely beyond the ken of the
astute political managers of Dr. Pardee.
Since Dr. Pardee is so pronouncedly in
dependent in politics and anything, if he
t>e believed, but Republican, it be
comes of Interest to inquire into the mo
tives of those who are so earnestly sup
porting him. It is true that many of
them are earnest members of so-called
"Pardee" Republican clubs— the latesi
brand of personal politics in this county.
On this showing they might be excused,
but they have caused it to be understood
that ihey intend to go before a Repub
lican convention and seek nominations.
Jt is known that the ties which bind th:»
little band to Dr. Pardee are of a very
material nature. Assistance, protection
and influence in various forms all cut a
iigure, and not so very long ago it wa*
only by a very strong effort that there
was not a schism in their ranks. How
soon another such danger may threaten
the little band is not known, but there are
already evidences that fealty to each
other is an unknown quantity,
and indeed lt could hardly be
Otherwise where pure selfiishness is
the controlling virtue. Facts are
not wanting to prove what will be the
results of such disloyal work. Just
through the agency of such work four
years ago this county so strongly R*v
publican, was delivered largely into the
hands of Independence and Populism. If
Dr. Pardee's methods of doing politic*
prevail, the same calamity will follow this
year. All California has laughed at th«>
fact that although Alameda is the ban
ner Republican county, half our county
officers, and that the most important,
are not Uiled by Republicans. In tiio
Oakland city government three and flvs
years ago the same condition prevailed,
and was due entirely and unreservedly to
the mad, personal ambitions of Dr. Par
dee, who now is being blindly led to be
lieve that California will honor him as
its foremost Republican.
Bui why refer to Dr. Pardee In con
nection with the Republican party Out
side that party volumes might be writ
ten of his doings, but among Republi
cans he has no place. And of his great
"anti-railroad" record what remains?
Let West Oakland answer. Thediscontinu
ance of free trains, great depreciation of
property values, according to Assessor
Dalton's figures last week, and the mem
ory of much public money used for legal
B< rvices, and — also according to Mr. Dai
ton—the permanent loss of tho water
front.
STT'ART TV". BOOTH.
ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH.
Bcopened To-Day With Appropriate ;
Ceremonies After Being Recon
structed.
AUMEDA, July in.— St. Joseph's
Church was reopened to-day with appro
priate ceremonies, after having been clos
ed since last Lent in order to permit of
the reconstruction of the interior. Last j
spring it was found that the weight of the j
roof v. as too great for the side wall 3 j
and as a consequence the structure was I
noi believed to be safe. At an expense of
several thousand dollars the interior has I
ben reconstructed and so arranged that
there Is no further tear on the grounds
noted.
The church was crowded at all th^ ser
vices t<>-day, especially at vtHO o'clock, j
when high mass was celebrated by Father
Foiey, assisted bj Father O'Connor.
Father Younan, the Paulist missionary.
delivered the b rmon. A special musical
nine was rendered under the direc
tion of Theodore Yugt by the following
choir: Annie Hums. Isabella McCurrie,
Adele GaSxez. S. H. Young, Frances Mor
ris. B. Z. Radcliff, Mrs. I. M. Rnum. Ke
ltic h and S. R. Wiiburn. The music
was aa follows: Kyrle. Gloria ami Credo.
by I. L. Battmann; Sanctus, Benedictus
and Am. us Dei, by S. liercadante; Venl
Creator, by L Wiegand, sung by S. Raum
and Miss McCurrf. : Aye -Maria. P. Serrno,
snir.g by Mr. Young; O Salutarls. <\ Bas
| sini, sung by Mrs. Raum: Tantuni Ergo.
Maccabees to Entertain Soldiers.
OAKLAND, July 10.— The various tents
of Maccabees of this city will unit" in a
reception and dance to be tendered the
soldier Maccabees at Camp Barrett and
('.imp Merritt to-morrow evening at
Pythian Hall, corner of Twelfth and
Franklin streets. All of the soldier boys
who are Maccabees are cordially invited
whether a special invitation has reached
them or not. Refreshments will be served
and a general Rood time had.
A Hallelujah Wedding.
OAKLAND, July 10.— About 2000 people
gathered at Trestle Glen this afternoon
to witness tho "hallelujah wedding" of
Captain Highsinger and Captain Smoot.
Miss Highsinger has been in the Salva
tion Army for several years and Captain
Smooth wedding present from the or
ganization was his promotion from lieu
tenant to captain. The ceremony was
performed by Lieutenant Colonel Evans.
The Bayanzl, who live along the Upper
Congo, have a strange custom which
makes life a burden to the married
women. Brass rods are welded into great
rings round tne necks of the wives. Many
of these rings worn by the women whose
hushands are well-to-do weigh as much
as thirty pounds, and this burden must
be carried by the wretched creatures as
long as they live.
TIIE SAN FJ?ANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1898.
HONORED IN
HIS DEATH
[Tribute to Senator Den
ison's Memory.
THE CEREMONIES IMPRESSIVE
FLORAL DEVICES REPRESENT
ING INCIDENTS IN HIS LIFE.
Rev. James S. McDonald, Who Mar
ried Him Thirty Years Ago,
Preached His Funeral Ser
mon Yesterday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway. July 10.
The funeral of the late Senator Eli S. I
Denlson took place this afternoon from \
tho Unitarian Church. There was a I
wealth of lloral tributes and a large at
tendance of the friends of the deceased.
Rev. James S. McDonald, assistant pastor '
of the First Presbyterian Church, who |
officiated at the wedding of Mr. and Mrs. j
j Denison just thirty years ago,, preached !
i the sermon to-day at the request of the
' bereaved widow.
The floral tributes were numerous and <
! magnificent, the largest being a car In
' blue and white flowers, presented by his
■ former employes. There were also large
, pieces from Oakland Parlor No. 50, N. S.
G. \Y., the Athenian Club, the Elks and
; the Republican Alliance. The casket was
a superb affair and was borne by six col
ored men, life-long friends of the de
. ceased. They were Messrs. R. Leonard,
; T. W. Logan, J. B. Wilson, H. Homager,
J. Blackstone and C. J. Bernett The
pall-bearers were Messrs. Cap taint- K- M«
Freeman. W. D. Sanborn, T. C Corouth
ers, Lou Martin. William Scott, P. A. Cox,
; R. J. Boyer, Senator P. S. Stratton, "Will
iam McKinzie and Dan T. Cole.
The family and Immediate friends pres
ent were the widow, Mrs. E. R. Denison,
: who was assisted by 11. N. Sloper; Miss
' Laura Denison and Miss Olive Denison,
'. the two daughters of the deceased; J. Lt.
Denison and Harry Denison, two sons.
The Bervlcea were of the most simple
! nature. There was no music, and after
i a short prayer Rev. McDonald read the
■ last chapter of Revelations and referred
; to the wedding thirty years ago and the
< domestic happiness >f tin deceased. In
: referring to his business career the speak
er said:
•'Thirty years ago I formed my ac
quaintance with tho departed. He was
; engaged in a unique business — one that
none of us know a thin? about Hundreds
of young men who have grown to man
hood, and may now be in this house, re
'■ ceived their first start in life from him,
thus helping them to a career of useful
ness. His public life was one of honor
. able influence, and he left many friends,
as your presence here to-day testifies."
Interment was private and took place
ai Mountain View Cemetery in the family
plot.
'CORPORAL LEW"
IS LAID TO REST
FUNERAL OF L. R. TOWNSEND,
THE VETERAN GUARDSMAN.
The Seventh Volunteer Regiment of
San Diego Escorts the Body
to the Cemetery-
The lost bugle call, heralding Louis R.
Tow; send to the tomb, waa sounded yes
terday afternoon at the armory of the
Seventh Regiment, N. G. C, at Pace and
Gough streets.
Robed in the uniform of his country,
with tho American flag draped as a pall
over and concealing the black casket be
nealh, the body of the old Guardsman
was given the last rites of the soldier
and the last marks of respect and vener
ation by his surviving comrades and by
the members of the Seventh Regiment of
to-day— soldiers of the younger genera
tion who have succeeded the old guard.
The funeral obsequies were held at 2
o'clock by Rev. .Edgar Lyon of St.
Stephen's Church, in conformity with the
rites of the Episcopal faith. Hundreds of
sorrowing friends surrounded the bier of j
the old soldier, offering up a prayer or j
placing a floral tribute upon his coffin !
in expression of their sorrow. Judge
Hebbard pronounced the eulogy and re
viewed the life of tlif: corporal, outlining
the noble and exemplary career of tho
decedent, both as a soldier and as a
man. He spoke and applauded the ex
pressed wish thiit Corporal Townsend
had mad- when hostilities broke out with
Spain, "that he would liko to go to Ma
nila with the rest of the boys." and re
gretted that his advanced years prevent
ed him from fulfilling this wish. As tho
keenest zest in life of late years had j
been afforded by his association with
and in the company of the members of
the Seventh Regiment he longed to go
and share their fortunes and their tri
umphs and trials with them.
Immediately after the funeral ceremony,
the body was conveyed to the Odd Pel-
Lows' Cemetery, being escorted by the
Seventh Volunteer Regiment from San j
Diego. The funeral dirge was rendered i
by the musicians of the snmo regiment.
who led the funeral procession from tho
armory to the cemetery. Among the
pallbearers selected from the old Guard
were tho following: General Hews ton.
General J. Howell, Edward If. Prentice,
H. A. Plate, ex-captain of the Old Guard,
J. L. Basket!, J. G. Steele, General Wal
ter Turnbull and Colonel S. J. Taylor.
At the cemetery, preparatory to the
cremation a volley was ilred over the
body by the firing company of the Sun
. Volunteer Regiment. Many beau
tiful floral tributes, from mpmbers of th*
Old Guard ami from the remaining mem
bers of the Seventh Kegiment now in the
city, were placed beside the bier in th«
crematorium just before the body was
lowered to the receptacle below.
Corporal Townsend was 07 years of age
and had been a prominent figure in mili
tary circles for nearly half a century.
For forty-four years he had served in
the National Guard of California, fln t
joining the organization as a member of
the City Guard on May 5, lK r »4. On April
18, ICT2, he was appointed and reluctantly
accepted the rank of corporal, as be pre
ferred to be among the boys of the rank
and flic. Later In 1^77 he was promoted
to thf position of second lieutenant of
Company B of the same regiment, lie
enlisted with the veterans of the Old
Guard in May, 1888, where he remained an
active member until his death. Mr.
Townsend leaves a daughter who is now
on her way fmm the East, having been
sojourning there at the time of her
father's death.
Brutalized by Drink
R. J. Buckley, a stevedore living: at 1538
Clay street, was arrested yesterday morn-
ing by Policemen Charleston and Coleman
on a charge of battery upon his wife
Delia. Buckley has been on a drunk for
a we«k and has dally driven his wife and
three-year-old baby out into the street.
Several times she comnl.-unod to the
police, but as Buckley refused to leave the
house he could not be arrested. Yesterday
morning he beat his wife and chased her
into the street, and tho policemen col
lared him. A charge of threats to kill
may be booked against him.
To Test the New Flax Thresher.
BERKELEY, July 10.-John Switzer of
1310 Larkin street, San Francisco, has
brought before the attention of the col
lege of agriculture, in the University of
California, a now flax thresher, which it
is claimed has the advantage of greater
economy over any kind now in use. The
instructors of thf college intend to give
the machine a fair trial, the results or
which they will watch with much in
terer
DIED AT HIS
POST OF DUTY
Captain "Happy Jack"
Hansen Drowned.
THE DINGY WAS CAPSIZED
HE AND THE MATE WERE RUN
NING A LINE ASH
Robert Frolec Nearly Killed by Two
Footpads Who Attacked Him
at North Beach Last
Night.
The schooner Reliance came Into port
yesterday with her flag at half mast.
Captain Hansen was drowned at Nei>
Haven, and Mate Johnson brought the
vessel to San Francisco. On July 5 the
captain found it necessary to run another
line to the shore, bo he and the mate got
into the dingy and proceeded to do the
job. Quite a sea was running and the
boat was capsized and the two men were
thrown into the water. By great good
luck they both reached the overturned
dingy, but Hansen was in an exhausted
condition. His companion did everything
possible to help him, but he finally slip
ped under and went down. Johnson held
onto the boat for over an hour before
assistance came to him, and when put
aboard the Reliance he was more dead
than alive.
Captain Hansen was known In every
lumber port on the coast as "Happy
Jack." He was always In a good humor
and wa3 a great favorite with all who
came in contact with him. His death
was a great blow to his crew, and they
were a sorrowtui lot of men who brought
the Reliance into port yesterday.
The police are looking for two men who
half killed Robert Frolec at Isorth Beach
last Saturday night. About 11:30 p. m.,
while on his way to his home at 634
Chestnut street, Frolec was accosted ai
the corner ot Bay street and Montgomery
avenue by two men. He attempted to
get away from them, when the shorter
of the two struck him on the right leg
with a club, breaking the limb, while the
other hit him on the nose, knocking him
down. There was then a disturbance in
the next block and the men ran away.
From 11:30 p. m. until 1 a. m. Frolec
lay on tho sidewalk groaning and calling
feebly for help. Finally Officer R. Kerri
son heard him, and sending for the am
bulance had the unfortunate fellow re
moved to the Harbor Receiving Hospital.
Yesterday Officer Kerrison brought In a
couple of suspects. Froles said neither of
them was his assailant.
Three sugar boats that made unusually
long pasages from Hawaii got in Satur
day afternoon, and yesterday. Captain
Calhoun* of the bark Ceylon, was very
much pleased when he learned that he
fa 1 beaten the schooner Spokane into
port. The latter Is a very smart ves
si-1, and when the schooner and bark met
on the way here Captain Jamieson sig
naled as his vessel forged ahead: "I'll
1" at you eight days into San Francisco."
Both vessels were over thirty days get
ting here, but the Ceylon was first.
Baffling winds off the coast caused all
tho trouble.
Tho bark Himalaya was spoken last
Thursday ten miles northwest of Point
Reyes by the steamer Crescent City, and
yet she cnly reached port yesterday, after
a run of thirtj-four days from Hono
lulu.
Another party of goM hunters arrived
from Philadelphia on the schooner
'Thomas F. Bayard HBterdayj On July
7 she was spoken by the steamer George
Loomis off Point Sur, and had a hard
time of it making that short distance into
port in two days and a half. The Bayard
made only one stop on the way out
and that was at Valparaiso, Her passen
gers and crew are going to push forward
as rapidly p.s possible to the gold fields.
MEN OF THE HOUR.
Lecture by Rev. J. A. B. Wilson Be
fore the Young Men's Chris
tian Association.
Rev. John A. B. "Wilson delivered a loc-
ture on the "Young Man for the Hour"
yesterday afternoon during the patriotic
services held at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association bulidinK- He said: "The
man for the hour is the man who is ready
I for it when the hour strikes. The men
; who live twenty-live years before their
! time are rare men. but the opportunity
brings out the men of the hour. The eiv
i ilization of the world has been held back
I for years by a nation which has lived in a
I Ptate of savagery under the pretence and
! forms of civilization. The hour is now
upon us to stop the inhuman outrages
that this country has forced upon its sub
; Jeets. The islands of the Pacific and the
Atlantic which have felt the tyranny of
this country should see the light of an
| ennobling liberty and receive the bles3
i ings of our civilization.
"There are men coming to the front in
this light und they are the men of the
j hour. Dewey is one of tho Christian he
roea who has shown to the world a pa
! triotism and a God-fearing spirit Which
!is responsible for his heroism. }?ut the
I young man of the hour is Hobson, who
I has come from the South to show us that
we now are in unison, and that we will
cast abroad the civilizing instruments of
the Anglo-Saxons. Hobson is the type of
that hero who is from the Sunday schnol
■ and is ever taught by the lessons of the
' L J .ib!e."
, HALLAHAN AND DELAHANDY.
! The Former Accuses the I/atter of
Biting: His Thumb to the Bone.
OAKLAND, July 10.— George Hallahan,
the caterer, applied at the Receiving Hos
pital last evening: and had a thumb
dressed which was lacerated to the bone.
He accuses. P. J. Delehandy of causing
the injury, and alleges that Delehandy
bit him.
'ill'- trouble happened in Fennessoy's
liquor store on Broadway and Twelfth
street. : Hallahan has • been feeding the
officers of the Eighth Rfgiment until last
week, and was talking to Fennessey's
clerk, P. Hanrahan, about the camp, and
told him he stood on good terms with the
men and would try to get the liquor
trade for the store. Hallahan alleges
that at this point Delehandy called him
a liar and Baid he wouid never, do any
such thir.fr. At this Hallahan jumped
onto Delahandy to compel him to retract
his statement. In the fracas that fol
lowed Hallahan's thumb . was. nearly
chewed off.
WEATHKR REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific: Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 10, 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations in California during the
past twenty-four hours: : '
Eureka, 6S: Sacramento, 82: Independence,! 92;
San Diego, 70; Red ■ Hluft, 94; San Francisco,
&'j; San Luis Oblspo, 72; Los Angeles, 84; Yuma,
100. ■■-■:•■ ■ . ■ ' .'■
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. ■ " ; ;
The pressure lias fallen during the past
twenty-four hours over the greater : portion . of
the Pacific Blope. It has risen over (Southern
Idaho, ..Wyoming and Utah. An < area i of . low
pressure extends from Nevada northeastward
to Montana. ... .
, The temperature has fallen from 14 to 16 de
grees over Utah and Southern Idaho. It has
risen over Northern Idaho and Eastern Wash-
I ington. ■ ''•.!-•
A thunder shower Is reported at Salt* Lake
City. •■ ■■ ■ ' - ■ ' '-■■■■..•.'■-'.<•
A maximum, wind velocity of 42 miles por
hour from the . northeast is reported ;at El
I'aso. • .'■ '^__ "■;?- <-■■ .- --,
Forecast • made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 11, IS9S: <
Northern T California— Cloudy & Monday; , fresh
southerly, and southwesterly winds. »• . . ,
Southern California— Cloudy. Monday; fresh
westerly wind. ' ;
- Nevada— Cloudy Monday. ■ ■ .
: -Utah— Cloudy Monday; v probably light show
ers early Monday morning; warmer. .;:. .
■ Arizona— Cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday;
light southerly, = changing to y westerly . win.]
warmer."":"--" ->-->-■-.-»•.: *■■■:'■'.■"•*> £■;■- .-•;- c« ■
Mount Tamaipais— .wind west, 12 milea
per hour; temperature, 68; maximum, 71.
y ■ - \ - ,-y > ALEXANDER McADIE, -
. . .■■-.■ - Local Forecast Official.
ADVERTISEMENTS. i
♦ f
: CITY OF Ipl PARIS:
"*" DRY GOODS COMPANY. 4-
♦ ■ ♦
GENUINE REDUCTIONS:
4- IN ■ 4-
4- ■ r - ' ■ ' ■■ ■ ■ 4-
Mil I INERY!
+ '-"';-*. . ■.■-.- '4-
Never Before Offered in San Francisco for ♦
4- Higb Class Creations of the Best +
♦ European Artists. +
4- ' — " : >
*♦" UNTRIMMED HATS— First Floor. 4-
♦ FORMER PRICE. SALE PRICE "♦•
*l .75-RODQH STRAW PHANTOM HATS, new shapes tnd shades .25 "*"
4. $I.SO— MIXED AND BOUOH STRAW SAILORS ; also new shapes In FBENOH CHIP ♦
V' : and SATIN BRAIDED STRAW SO ~+
4. $I.7S— JAUNTY FRKNCH SIDE FLARING CHIPS— Rongh Satin Straw and English , _»
+. Turban 5............." - .75 _^
4- $2.SO— ST7LIBH FINE FRENCH CHIPS, with Ml«d Fancy Braid Brims ; also _.
4. STYLISH SATIN STRAW BRAID POKE BONNETS .................... J&l.OO ~Z
4- $5.00— SEASON'S PERFECT BTYLE KNOX BLOCK HATB ....... ......^..^2. 50 +
4- . : _ +
TRIMMED HATS-Second Floor. +
4. All new designs and exquisite effects, genteel and beautiful as the £
. most refined could desire, comprising creations of CAROLINE REBOUX, .
£ ESTHER MEYER and RIBOT of PARIS and OUR OWN. ][
t FORMER PRICES— $10 $12 $18 $25 $30 $35 $15 $50 $55. $60 and $65
4- SALE PRICES- $5 $6 67.50 $12 $15 $17 $20 $25 $80 4.
4- rhis method carries conviction that these goods are being C posed of .4-
I ■■At HALF" PRICE. |;
4. Quality and Price put together are sure to convince all. .
X MOURNING HATS AND BONNETS AT PRICES CUT IN TWAIN.
t CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, +
4. . Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. +
+ UNION SQUARE. 4.
'+-'4 ORDERS BY MAIL OR EXPRESS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. +
4.4. 4.4.4.4.4.4-4-4.4-4- 4-44-4-4444 4- 4- 4- 44- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4-
T T T T . T TTTTTT»»'.' ■
THE CALL CALENDER.
Sn.
Mo
Moon* Ph%*««.
4
li
C
>;5v T?al\ Mooa.
W July 8
rfq-Last Quartar.
U. ■ Jnly >a
/5 X New Mooa.
W July 18.
15
IT
24
NOTICE TO AIAUINEKS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Olfice, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
, Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where compete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding:
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on tho tower of the new Ferry
build'ng. at the foot of Maiket street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Pal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped,
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
tn the morning papers the following day.
CHAR. P. WELCH.
Fnsign (retired), XJ. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodrtie Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bny. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Monday, July 11.
Sun rises.. 4:56
Sun sets 7:34
Moon rises 11:65 p. m.
I
Feet.
•JH Vl'
11 6:10
L. W
12 1:02
13 2:05
114 2:57
1.-, 8:89
lfi rf:l7
17 4:49J
3.6 11:05
H W
l.lj 7:45
0.6 9:03
0.2 10:13
—0.2 11:01
I —0.4 11:40
! —0.5 12:12
1.
« 6:51
L W
11:59
12:54
1:49
2:12
3:29
4:14
6U
7::
S:l
S:. :
9:S
10::
6.4
5.4
5.5
n.c
6.6
5.5
4.1
4.8
4.4
iTK— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of: the
(lav In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the dny. the third time column the third tide
nnd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when thero are but
three tides. ■aa sometimes occur. The . heights
(riven ar» additions to the soundings on the
TTn'.tM States . Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane cf
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STKAMKRS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I San Mateo CoMMC 'July U
Orizaba. lT. IHumboldt iJuly 11
I Walla Walla.. .{Victoria & T»ig;et Soundl.Tuly li
Wellington Departure Bay July 11
Fulton Portland 'July it
San Jose [Funama July 11
Santa Rotß San Diego July 12
BtateCatlfornla Portland 'July 12
Tltanla Nanulmo fuly 12
Arcata Qooa Bay July 13
Curacao [Mexico IJuly 13
Willamette IHoattle |July 13
Ooor Bay Newport luly 11
Cliiikat IHunaboldt [July 11
Ningolipw Departure Bay [July 14
Ci icent City.. Crescent City July 11
Uutli Tlllamook May i-iuly 14
(; ;i^lio China and JapaJi |July 15
Leelanaw St. Michael IJuly IS
UmatiUa Victoria & Pugct Sound-July 10
Columbia Portland IJuly 16
Pomona San Diego July 16
North Fork iHumboldt July IS
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I Santa' Cruz. Douglas Islnd
I Homer ..'..'. Newport....... i
i Alameda .. Sydney.:...".:; !
| Orizaba .... Ilumboldt ....
North B'-.rk Kumboldt ....
l t-'anta -Rosa) San Diego..:. 1
; Btateot Cali Portland. /....;
i Fulton .:... Oregon Ports.
j Cleveland . . ' Alaiska. ...
Walla Wall ! Vic & Pgt Sd.
I Arcata ..... Coos 8ay.....
I Coos Bay... Newport.....'..
! City Rio J. Chlna&.Tnpan
Cvjracao .... Mexic0........
t Kan Jose .. Panama.......
Steamer.
Destination.
' .
Sails. Pier.
[July 11, 4 pm Tier 9
July 12, 9 amPler 11
'.Tilly 13, 2 pmiPier 7
Muly 13. 10 am; Pier 9
Lluly 13, 9 am! Pier 2
jJuly 14, 11 am! Pier 11
[Jtfly 14, 111 amlPier 12
'July 14, 8 amjPler H
'July IB I
'July 15, 10 am; Pier 9
July 16, 1') M 8 Pier 13-
July 16, 'J ami Pier II
July lfi, 1 pmIPMSS
July is. in amlPler 9
July 18, 12 raPMSS
INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, July 9.
Haw bark Himalaya, Dearborn, S2 days frm
Honolulu.
Schr Hattie I Phillips, Pedereon, 30 days fm
St Michael.
Sunday, July 10.
Austrian stmr Burma, Mikuliclch. 83 hours
from Nanaimo.
Stmr Scotia Hanson, 28>4 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 16 hours from
Foint Arena. Up river direct.
Stmr 'Washtenaw, Crosscup, 84 hours from
Tacoma. Oakland direct.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 20 hours from Needle
P.ock.
Stmr Gipsy. Gielow, 16 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 60 hours from Coos
Bay.
Ptmr Homer, Jessen, 74 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Br ship Kulomene, Ellis, 92 days from N»w
castle. NSW..
Bark Theobald. Cameron, 11 day* from Se
attle.
Schr Reliance, , 36 hours from New Ha
ven.
Pchr Spokane, Jamieson, 81H days from
Hllo.
Schr Rio R«y, Johnson, 8 days from New
Haven.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 24 hours from Bow
ens Landing. Oakland direct.
Schr Abble Hansen, 30 hours frm Caspar.
Schr Altalr, Gilbert, 18 days frm Karluk.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
Saturday, July 9.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, Usai.
Sunday, July tt.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria.
Schr Parkersburg. Jorgensen, Coqullle Elver,
Schr Lily, Botteer. Umpqua.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, Cdqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— JuIy 10, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind W; velocity 16 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Reliance— On July 5, while at New Ha
ven, Captain Hansen was drowned by boat
being; capsized.
SPOKEN.
Per Altalr— June 27—60 26 N 13T 87 W, bark
Hunter, hence June 27 for St Michael.
MISCELLANEOUS..
The schr Hattie I Phillips reports having
left the schrs Falcon, J B Leeds, G W Wat
son and Chas Hanson; also passed schr Flor
ence, hence April IS, going into St Michael on
June 19.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Failed July o— Schr Edward Parke.
Arrived July 10— Schr Lila and Mattle, hence
June 28. .
BALLARD— Sailed July ft— Schr Maid of Or
leans, for San Francisco.
VEXTUP.A— Arrived July 10— Stmr G Loomls,
hence July 9.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 10— Schr Rob
ert Lewers. for Honolulu.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 10— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 10 — Stmr Cleone, hence July *.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 10— Schr F S
Rpc'fleld. from Port Ludlow; stmr Hueneme,
from I 'sal.
VENTTRA— SaiIed July 10— Stmr G Loomls,
for Pan Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 10— Stmr Fulton, fm
Astoria; schr Lizzie Vance, hence July 1.
Palled July 10 — Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— PaIIed July 10— Br bark
Darra, for Sydney.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jnly 10— Stmr Arcata, for
Snn Francioo.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed July to— Bark
Columbia, for Skaguay.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 10— Br ship John
Cook, from Nagasaki.
Railed July 10— Stmr State of California, for
San Fn\nr!sco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NE WYORK— Arrived July 10— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JlL+*pJ%& 625 KEABNT ST. Established
Wvilr JkSb in 1534 for the treatment of Private
Bgl,ljt\ <S3F Piseiises, Manhood. Debility or
BypSTv disease wearing on bodyand mind and
fcJvvSjyMPl^H Skin Diseases. I'he doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Careßsnaritntred. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. I. UIBBONi Box 1957, San Francisco.
~ RAILEOAD TBAVEL. ;
Santa Fe Route
THE BE9T RAILWAY
.. SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Doy Pallman Paiace Sleeping Cars
end Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on Me Following Time :
(Leave SanFrandsco.4:Bo p. m., 8.M.T.W.T.F.8.
U.rrjve Denver... ..."..6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
'.Arrive' St. L0u15;...,6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago.... 0:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Borvo Superior' Meals at Very Reason-
K-ihj:* '.';'' able Rate*.
YOU WILL BE C^MFORTABLB '
If You Travel on the Santa Pe.
SAN FRAMCISCO TICKET OFFICE— B2I MARKET ST.
. Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1620.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. .•//
Saoramwto Offioe— 2ol J Street. ;r-l; r -l
San Joae OfEoe— 7 West Santa Plata SL
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEr RAILWAY COMPANY. &
. From June 1, ii>s»s,'. trains. \v..i run as follow*:
'' South-bound. ' ••,,.. North-bound. ;'
Passen- I 'Mixed, ',;%.' Mixed, Passen-
• ger, V I Sunday 'VSta-'y* Sunday ger. '
Dally. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'pted Dally.;
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pin 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 pm Hanford 7:43 am 1:25 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld 2:30 a 110:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Vlsalia 6:40 a m] 12:55 p m
Stopping ' at i Intermediate points *as required.
Connections — At Stockton ' with steamboats of
i California ■' Navigation a and ■ Improvement '■ Com-
I pany, : leaving San ■ Francisco and Stockton at 1 6
p.- m. dally, ; at Merced ... with , stages to ■ and
rom .: Sn»lllngs. '■■■ Coulterville, Yosemlte. ; etc.;
i also with stage from Homlton, Maripo*a.'- etc. ;
| at Lankerehim with stage to and from Madera. ■
AUCTION SALES.
GROCERIES AND LIQUORS.
THIS DAY (MONDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
1950 HOWARD ST.. BET. IGTH and 16TH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market st.
AUCTION SALE!
AT OCCIDENTAL HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD ST.
TUESDAY.. JULY 12, 11 a. m..
We will sell 20 Head of WELL-BROKEN
COUNTRY HORSES; ALSO WAGONS,
CARTS, HARNESS, etc.
A. F. ROOKER, Livestock Auctioneer.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
fe AT ggg^
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH STREET.
WEDNESDAY July 18, 1898.
At 11 O'Clock.
By Order of the Probate Court -, i •
We will sell at public auction property belong-
ing to the estate of the late J. C. TRAVER,
consisting of 9 horses, 2 hacks, 7 buggies and
10 sets of harness, formerly used by the Bo-
dine Stable. ■
No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers.
BAIXBOAD TRAVEL.
IeITIIKKS fAViriC (OJIPA-IT.
(PAOIFIO SYBTSM.)
TratlSM lfnic itml nre Una lo nrrlv*) m%
MAN FKANUIMI'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Btreei.) »
tEAYB — Fbom Juj?« 1. 1898. — akwt»
»6:00 a Niles, 8»u Jose and Way Stations... *H:4sa
7:OOa Beuida, SuUuq and Sacramento.... lOj4Oa
7rO«A MarysriUe, OrOTiUe aud Redding ria
Woodland s!i5 p
7iOOa Vacaville and Eumaey 9t*9r
1 7«8Oa. Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
OalUtoea and Santa R05a......... ff 1 ™*
8i««A AtlanUc Kxpress. Ogden and East,. Si«»
•iBOA Sau Jose. Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marys»Hl9. Chico,
Teharaa and Re.l Uliiff .i'ls*
•Biß*a Peters, Milton, Oakdale »7*lSr
•iOOa New Orleans K«i>res9. Meroed, Fres-
no, BakeralieM, Santa Barbara,
J. 06 AngfleK, Demli.K. Xl Faeo,
New Orleans and East s'*2 F
1O:«Oa VaUcjo. Martinei and Way Station* J'f**
•liOOi" Sacramento HiTer Steamers I 2'?!J P
San Jose, Nlles Way BUtion»... J»tlsA
tiO«r ia»ermore, Mendota, Hanford and -
Visali* ■■■■■ 4:18?
LiTt/rcnore, Sen Jom, Nllea Way
•••'., Stttlons . JIO:15*
 Fresno, Yosemite, Merced, Martlneji 18: 1
4ioof Martinez, San Kamoii. Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Xl Verano and m
Santa llosa.. « ••• • ll °*
«i«»r Bentcta, VacaTiUe, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTme, Oro-
Tille and .Sacramento '£.«
4iSof KUos, Ban Joee, Tracy and Stockton .. 7iI»P
«tBOr Btoekton, Lodl, Oakdale (Jamea- -'■"
town for Yosemite), Merced....... ISiIBp
«lMr Lathrop, Modesto, Merced. Berend*.
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno, t
MoJaTe. SanU Barbara and Lo* j
Angeles *»*•*
4ilOr Banta Fa Route. Atlantio Kiprasi -
for Mojafe aud Kast... ? ! i«'
•tOOr Kuroneau Mail, Ogdeu and East.... ,£ : fs*
•0:« Or Vallejo
6i«er Hnyward*. Nile* and San Jose 7«15a
t?>oOr Valleio, Port Ooata and Way 8»»-
BiO9p Oregon KipreßS.Haeraniento, Marys-
Tllle. Red.llng. Portland, Tuget
Bound ami ISast Silßa
* BAM LEANURO ASH HAVWAUDS
'\ (Foot of Market Street.)
1 Belrose, Semlniirr r»rk, f J s Ji*
8:00 a ritchbura;, Klmfunt, Kfi:i%t
,S'22* 8«n Le»ndro,So«lh(SM Jiust
tiiioM • Lorenco, Cherry ' n«43p
i3:oof »«<« A VjWl
S:O0p Hayward*. < Sl:spS l : 5p
7 1 OOp i Run* through to Niles. lt*ir
,-.  j j t From Niles. I
COAST lUVISION OiirroTT flange).
?: 1 .;-;- (Foot of Market Street.)
t7t4S*. Santa Cruz Excumion, Santa Orus
and Principal Way Stat ions tS»»»»
BilsA.Newark,CenterTule,BauJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oru» and Way ,
Stations • •-• Btßft *
•Sllttr Hewark, CenterriUe. San Jo»e,Seir
Almaden, Felton, Bonlder Creek,
Santa Croa and Principal Wsy
Stations .MOril**,
4ilBp Ban Jose, Glenwood k Way Station* » : 20a.
»4tlßp Boulder Creek and Santa OnM JtttgQA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtm miMSOO-Foot «f lUrkst Str.«i (BUi I)— ■
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:00 *2:00 t3:0O
•1:00 . t5:00 *e:OOr.ii.
n«aolKUlv— FMitriroKlvay.— *BKK) B*o loocu.m.
tI2:CO *l:00 ta.-OT *3:QO ti:QO *6:QQfJi.
' COAST lIIVISION (Broad Gaige). *
and Townsend Sta.)
•7iO*a Hm Jose ami Way Station* (New
•■ Aknaden Wedneadars only) llSO*
t7>S«A Sunday Excursion for San Jo»e, '.: "v
Banta Crus, Paciflo Qrore and
Principal Way SUtions J»«»»»
•i»Oa Ban Joce, Tres J'iuos, Santa Oruz,
Pacilic Qrott, Paso Uubles, Sam
I,iil» Obispo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4il«r
f oi4Oa Sau Jose antl Way Stations *8:O«a
11<8Oa Ban Jose and Way Station* •S=a3A
•ai4Sr San Mateo, Redwood, Monlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clan, San Jose,
Qllroy. Hollinter, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey aud PaolOo
Grove •l«:86a
■•iSOp San Jose and Way Stations *B:OOa
•4ilsp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 9:43*
•BtOOpSanJoM and Principal Way Statious 0:33 a
O:SOf Ban Jose and Prinoiiial Way HMUoh» S:8«r
«i»OpBau Jose and Way 5tati0n*......... v 7:30f
11:45p Ban JoseaudWay BUtK>ns Ti3O>»
A for Morning. I V tar Afternoon. .
• Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays v*\f
i Bnnd»«t aad Monday a Baturdayn and Sunday.
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACifiU
• RAILWAY COMPANY.
Titwroo Fwnr. F*»t mi Matfcft St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
3:30, 6:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:50 p. m. • _»
SUNDAYS— B:OO. »:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 1:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— €:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 0:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 5:40.
6:00,6:25 p.m. : -, ;; .: *;,-.
Between Ear- Francisco and Schuetaen ! Park
same schedule as above.
Leave • Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
.! June 29, — ■
Week I Eun- I IS9B. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. f daye. [ Days.
1:m ami 3:00 am- Novato, lv:40 ami 8:40 am
■ 8:30 prol 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pro 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
1 j Fuiton. ]
7:30 am Windsor, 10:» am
■ " Healdsburg,
I' Lytton. ,
Lytton.
Geysen-ille, -
»:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm| 6:12 pw
7:30 am IHopland andl .... 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 amf Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:3 d ami : 110:25 am
.-• 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| ~ ■ I 6:22 pm
i:3U am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and ■ •
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm| 6:2J pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 110:25 am .
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| 1 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We;t
Eprlncs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servlile for Skaggrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, .Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, * Laurel tell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville,. Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, ■ Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronlol* Wdg.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RTAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass: Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
';*;>;■: Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1898.
 WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, »8:00»
•S:3O, 11:00 a. m.;» 1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:16, •6:00,
C '30 p." m. ■'-■'- .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and . Sundays ,at 11:34
' * m " SUNDAYS.
I For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »S:oo. '*>:N.
•10 00 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. *1:45, »2:30, •*:«),
8:30, 6:45 p. m. : •'fiSißWuflWgp' 'L.J..
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
; f 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
• Trains marked • run to San Quentin. .
THROUGH TRAINS. :
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'n*.
8.20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
- way stations.' -, ; .
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Caradero and way stations.
| 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
: v"B0ONT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
I •■■"■-■■: -": : (Via' Sausalito Ferry.) .
V Leave ' San Francisco, . commencing May t.
1893: '/-I - - "-■■ ' ■"■■ ' " ■ ■■■'■■ "■ " - ■
' Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m. ■
Sundays— B 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
I t:SO p. m. >'■■'.■•■■■,- ■-' ■■:.. ■■";;■ '.-. •■>" ..- ■- ■' :-••■'■'-!,'
I -. July •ith, I£9S, trains will run on Sunday tim»
i Round trip rrom Valley. $1. -
'.' THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, (31 Market
street, San Francisco. »
78
PRAYED FOR NATIONAL VICTORY,
Thanksgiving Services in Answer to the. Presi
dent's Proclamation.
WITH the nation"s thanks let there be mingled the nation's prayers
that our gallant sons may be shielded from harm alike on the battle
fields and in the clash of fleets, and be spared the scourge of suffer
ing and disease while, they are striving to uphold their country's
honor."
ing and disease while they are striving to uphold their country's honor."
This clause of the President's proclamation, beseeching the prayers of
the American people for the American soidiers who have crowned them
selves with glory and victory at Manila and Santiago, wag ' Uppermost in the
thoughts of the people of this city yesterjay aa they assembled in their
several houses of worship to honor tho God who has guided their sons on to
victory. Sectarianism was cast aside by all and the only thought seemed
to be of the boys in blue and their welfare. Protestants and Catholics alike
either openly or secretly offered up their prayer of thanksgiving for tho
battles won, praying fervently that their sons will ever be thus crowned
until God and man shall have willed that the cruel carnage of warfare shall
cease.
In many of the churches, especially the Epicopnlian, the proclamation
was openly rend from thr pulpit and the prayers of thanksgiving openly ex
pressed. In others, however, where this formality was not observed, the
prayers were individual but no less fervent.
To some who knelt In supplication there was a feeling of patriotism in
stilled by no other motive than the glory of the nation, being devoid of per
sonal anxiety for loved ones; to others, however, the prayer was prompted
by a reality that even as the supplication was made some loving son, father
or husband was laying down his life that the principles of union and liberty
might live among the unhappy and persecuted people for whom the nation
is lighting.
In other churches, particularly St. Luke's and the Simpson Memorial
Methodist Episcopal, the prayer of thanksgiving was coupled with a general
service arranged in answer to the proclamation. Patriotic songs were sung
and addresses based upon the probable outcome of the war and various
other topics of the same nature delivered. Eulogies on the loyalty and per
sistent bravery of the American soldiers was also pronounced and special
tribute paid to the commanders in the recent battles at Manilaand Santiago
who have won a prominent and well-merited place in the history of the
nation and the warfare of modern times. In nearly all the Protestant
churches the thanksgiving service was concluded with the singing of "The
Star-spangled Banner."
REORGANIZING
THE MILITIA
Lines on Which It Will
Be Effected.
GENERAL DICKINSON'S WORK
LOCATION OF COMPANIES IN
THE BRIGADE LIMITS.
Companies to Be Recruited to the
Minimum of Fifty— What Is
Going On in the Naval
Militia.
The first step toward the reorganiza
tion of the National Guard of California
has been taken. Major General Dickin
son left on last Saturday afternoon for
the lower part of the State, where he will
fof what can be done toward re-establish
ing the First Brigade, which embraces in
HAVE GOLD BUT WEARY OF KLONDIKE.
Its territorial limits the counties of Los
Angeles, Monterey, Orange, Riverside,
Ban Diego. San Bernardino, Santa Bar
bara, S;m Luis Obispo, San Benito and
Ventura. In the limits of this brigade ter
ritory there were before the draft on the
National Guard for volunteers, the Signal
Corps locate.! at Los Angeles, Troop C at
Salinas, Troop D at Los Angeles, and "the
following companies of the Seventh In
fantry: A at Los Angeles, B San Diego.
C Los Angeles, D Pomona, E Santa
Paula, P Los Angeles, G Redlands, H
Ventura. I Pasadena. X San Bernardino,
L Santa Ana and M Riverside. It is pro
posed to replace the twelve company
regiment by a ten company one, each com
pany tr> be recruited to only the minimum,
namely fifty. It will be the duty of the
major general to look into the matter of
location and ascertain where the reduced
regiment can be located to the ben possi
ble advantage. It is thought, however,
that there will not be any change of the
locations as mentioned and that probably
there will be but one company instead of
three at Lob Angeles; yet there may be
some changes, as Santa Barbara County,
San Luis Dbtspo and Sen Benito claim
that under the old location the distribu
tion of the force left them without any
representation, while Los Angeles County
had five companies of infantry. Troop D.
and the Signal Corps. The troop at Los
Angeles ana at Salinas which did not vol
unteer, because not called for, and the
Signal Corps, will remain undisturbed, but
thr; difficulty will be the apportionment of
the ten companies so as not to create any
feeling of jealousy.
As soon as the major general shall have
completed his tour of investigation he
will report to Governor Budd. the eom
mander-in-chief. and Adjutant General
Barrett, who with hlmsolf make up the
board. On his return from the south,
where he will also obtain data as to the
navnl militia station at San Diego, with
a view to reorganizing that branch of the
guard, he will look over the territorial
limits of the Third Brigade.
The promotion of Lieutenant Colonel
J. F. Burgin of the Governor's staff to
the postion of inspector of rifle practice,
with the rank of colonel, vice Park Hen
phaw, commlssined colonel of the
Eighth California Volunteers, has been
followed by the appointment of Edward
Beck as aid-de-camp to tin the vacancy
created by the promotion of Kurgin.
Louis H. Tumor, who was in command
of the Naval Militia of this State, has at
last obtained his rank. First he was a
seaman «>f Company D of the Naval Bat
talion, which succeeded the Naval Ro- '
serve, then he became lieutenant of thf> I
Fame company and subsequently became |
lieutenant commander <>f the Naval Bat
talion, and after the last-held session of
the Legislature the organization became '
known as the Naval Militia and he was
commissioned captain thereof. When the
call for naval volunteers to man the
scouting tugs was made he was accepted
and given the rank of acting lieutenant, 1
hut last week he was placed in com- i
mand of one of the tugs and was com
missioned as lieutenant, po that now is
his title in the navy. The others form the
militia who have been commissioned and
are now on duty are W. E. Gunn, lieu
tenant: T. M. Shaw and H. K. Morgan.
ensigns; J. M. Squire. J. Delaney, W. F.
Burke and W. G. Morrison, mates; H. P.
Gray, lieutenant junior grade and passed
assistant engineer; A. E. Williams, en
sign and assistant engineer. F. Gellife
has been appointed machinist.
Lieutenant Turner is In command of the ■
Iroquois. and that vessel will cruise along
the central coast of California, Lieu- 1
tenant Gunn Is in command of the Active
to cruise along the northern coast and
Ensign Shaw is In command of the
Vigilant to cruise along the southern
coast.
Picnic by Moonlight.
The sixth annual nlcnic of the Hanno
veraner Verein was held yesterday at
Shell Mound Park and the attendance was
fair. Plenty of amusement was provided
for the merrymakers in the shape of
bowling: for cash prizes, wheel of fortune
and gifts for the children. The following
had charfcft of the affair: Floor manager,
Henry Hennlng; assistants, John Peters, F.
Wiehman and Claus Kemme; committee
on howling, W. Beckmann, John A. Stef
fens, P. Eckhoff and J. W.-tssenuorff ; on
raffle, John Foge, J. H. Lindermann and
H. Rover: arrangements. F. W. Applarus,
F. EKgerling and A. Bonig; reception, J.
Spreckels, D. Jurgens, W. Warnicks and
Gus Meyer.
Spain Is Unchristian.
The Rev. S. S. Cryor, pastor of West
minster Presbyterian Church found his
text last night in Revelations s:o— "Weep
not, behold the lion of the tribe of Judah
has prevailed; open the boolt and loose
the seals thereon."
"This is the sealed book of human his
tory In the hands of Jesus Christ," said
the speaker. "Christ is the center of all
history, divides all history. Thus we find
the periods Before Christ and After
Christ in use throughout the world to aid
in sharply marking timo. Christ holds all
history in his hands. He governs and
rules all nations of earth and unfolds the
history of the world as he breaks t*ie
scaled bock.
"Any nation that does not recognize the
principles which he has taught must pass
away. 'A nation and kingdom that will
not serve the Lord must perish. Little
by little. Turkey went into decline and is
slowly but surely dying.
"Spain is another noted example. For
centuries she ' has . violated the principles
of Christianity by her cruelty and oppres
sion and is to-oay reaping the fruits of it.
rZL° n o y^ n nl>alnn I>aln but '" South America,
Cuba i an< l all ncr possessions has she
I^lTl her BUb^ ctßln an. unchristian
in ft n n €f r .
"Christ is the ruling factor in human
character. All Christfansare meSed
by his standard. Modern history whether
of 'nations or individuals, recognizes this
fact: The scepter of Christ governs all
true character."
Station D Removad.
Station D of the postofflce department
moved from its old building at the foot of
Market street to its now quarters In the
Union Ferry Depot yesterday.
THE SAIV FKAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JTT^Y 11, 1898.
HERE WITH
BAGS OF GOLD
Klondikers Arriveon the
Hattie I. Phillips.
THEY ESCAPED STARVATION
ATTEMPT OF CAPITALISTS TO
CORNER PROVISIONS.
Hard Times in Dawson Next Winter
Predicted on Account of a
Scarcity of the Food
Supply.
The passengers of the Hattle I. Phillips
arrived from St. Michael early yesterday
morning and gave glowing accounts of
the gold yielding country.
The star attractions in and around the
hotel corridors yesterday were without
doubt the twenty Klondikers who arrived
on the Hattie I. Phillips, which left St.
Michael on June 2. Parents, wives and
sweethearts whose loved ones had gone
to the frozen north were early callers on
the miners anxious to gain information as
to their relatives. The passengers were
very reticent about their own financial
success, and most of them gave the Klon
dike a black eye.
The largest sum brought down by any
individual was $30,000 and the small
est (1000. The general average Is
about JiiOOO apiece. Nearly all admitted
that they were compelled to leave
the country on account of ill-health, ana
W. F. Pinkham, a mining engineer of
Boston, who was sent up to the Klondike
district on behalf of an Eastern syndi
cate is confined to his room at a local
hotel from a frost bitten foot contracted
on his way from Dawson to St. Michael.
The miners speak very bitterly of the
way a few capitalists in Dawson attempt
ed to corner the provision market and
charge exorbitant prices for flour, beans,
etc. but their scheme failed, us miners
with more provisions than they needed
sold their superfluous stock to old resi
dents at cost, and the speculators in pro
visions instead of selling flour at $75,
which was the market price early last
winter, preferred holding their stock, hop
ing to get as much as $175 for a sack of
flour, but they were dismally disappoint
ed, and would be glad to sell the same
flour now for $h a sack.
F. E. Hallor, who left Dawson City on
I May 26, stated: "I left Seattle last Au
gust, and on arriving at Skaguay immedi
ately started over the trail to Dawson,
; arriving there on October 19. I staked a
number of claims which I would con
servatively value at $lf>.(K>o. November
was the coldest month there last winter,
the thermometer at one time registering
as lev as !'•*> below. Tnere was an unus
ually heavy fall of snow last winter,
which made it good sleighing at all times.
People were arriving and leaving every
day, and 1 have no doubt that unless n
large number of people had become dis
satisfied and left a large number of resi
dents would have met death by starva
tion, but, fortunately, over 700 people loft
Dawson during the winter, disgusted and
i discouraged at their chances of making
a fortune. I would recommend no one t»
go there who Is not In perfect health,
as the life is very severe and no one
can stand hard work up there more than
two years. I have not decided whether
I shall return there or not.
E. 11. Durbin and a party of friends
■ were caught in an Ice jam In a small operi
boat twenty-five miles below Circle City
while on their way from Dawson to St.
Michael. Mr. Durbin returns to San
Francisco the owner of two claims which
have not yet been woYkcd. He states
i that there is plenty of work in Dawson
City and that he was steadily employed
there at a salary of $1 50 an hour.
Joseph Bird said: "I was up there In
Dawson a little over a year. Consider a
mnn stands just as good a chance to make
money there now as he did a year or
eighteen months ago. But it is an awfully
hard life and a man receives hard knocks
from the moment he leaves until ho re
turns."
J. D. Thomas formally in business at
Mount Vernon. has returned to San Fran
cisco after just a year"s absence. He left
a friend of his in charge of four claims
that he staked up In-Dawson. When he
left Dawson there were over eighty sick
men in the hospital. Most of them strong
men, who had been completely broken
down by exposure to the elements and
hardships they had undergone. "There
are dozens of mert up in Dawson," he said,
"who left good positions in the East to
try their luck; they have been unsuccess
ful in the Klondike and would be glad to
earn just enough money to return home.
Alex Macdonald is at present the Czar of
the Klondike. He went to Dawson two
years ago a poor man, but he is now the
richest man in the district; everything he
touches turns into gold."
J. T. Watson, a former resident of Port
land. Oregon, where his family at present
reside, returns after a three years' stay
in Alaska. "I think a young man," he
■aid, "who is in perfect health and will
take provisions with him for two or three
years is bound to make a success of it.
The trouble is a man at Dawson without
money is very badly off. There is no cred
it system up there at all; everything Is
cash. I believe if a San Francisco banker
was to go to Dawson he could not get
credit any more than anybody else. If
you have no money or provisions and can
not get work you are liable to starve up
there. I am afraid that there will be very
hard times in Dawson this winter.
H. H. Danah stated: "I left Dawson
June 2 and do not know when I shall re
turn. It is a ease of luck staking claims.
You cannot really estimate what your
claim will bring you until it is fully work
ed. No miners will bring down their gold
dust, but will deposit with some company
up north and receive a bill of exchange.
The price paid for gold dust at the time
I left was $15 an ounce.
Lively Handball Sports.
There was no abatement in the hand
ball court at Philip Ryan's. 858 Howard
street, yesterday afternoon. The boys' feet
were kept hot moving about on the as
phaltam pavement trying to keep the lit
tle midget against the walls of the court.
The scores played at yesterday's games
are as follows:
G. McDonald and M. McNeil defeated R. Shea
and P. Steiner. Score: 21—14-16, 21—21—19.
A. A. Tobin and M. J. Kelly defeated J. M.
Kelly and J. Brown. Score: 21—18—14, 21—21—
17.
D. J. Sheehan and 1... Waterman defeated E.
McDonough and E. Lynch. Score: 21— 19— 1G,
21—21—15.
B. f'lpments and W. Hassell defeated A.
Antron and T. Clements. Score: 21— 13— 1.">,
21— 21— 1C.
J. Hogan and D. Reagan defeated M. Basch
and T. Foley. Score: 21— 13— 14. 21—21—19.
E. Barry and R. Housman defeated J. Con
don and T. Leach. Score: 21—15—17, 21—21—19.
In a triple handicap game J. Collins defeated
M. McCiure and M. Basch. Score: 21—15—13,
21—21—19.
A. Hampton and J. White defeated J. C.
Nealon and R. Murphy. Score: 21—15—17. 21—
21—19.
Harry Lewln and Louis Coleman defeated
Jack Curran and J. Nathan. Score: 21—14—16,
21—21—13.
W. Kennedy and P. Hutchlnnon defeated M.
Joyce and J. Lawless. Score: 21—14—13, 21—21—
19.
J. C. Nealon and J. Riordon vs. A. Hampton
and J. White — Each side won two games, but
the final pame was postponed until npy* Sun
day. Score: J. C. Nealon and J. Riordon, 21—
16—21—13; A. Hampton and J. White, 14—21 —
17—21.
BREEDERS' MEETING
GOES ON THIS WEEK
COMBINATION OF RUNNING AND
TROTTING WOULD DRAW.
A Good Card Offered To-Day and
Prospects of Great Racing.
Sonic Interesting Track
Notes.
It is much to be regretted that the out
look for harness races in California seems
so unfavorable this season.
Horsemen certainly are not appreciative
of the efforts of the Pacific Coast Breed
ers' Association to give high class meet
ings, and the public somehow cannot or
will not see the quality of the sport as
they view harness racing and compare It
with that which the runners afford.
If the horses which trot the grand cir
cuit could be attracted here, the people
would soon be led into a supporting
mood.
Were it possible to give combination
meetings, there is every indication that
I such an enterprise would Vie highly proflt
1 able, but where is the track in this neigh-
I borhood which the association could se
cure for that purpose. Neither of the two
I Jockey dubs, it may be taken for granted,
wouid be likely to grant the use of their
I property for such a purpose.
The attendance lately at Oakland has
; picked up, and a variation in the pro
: gramme by substituting some races at a
' mile and a half or two miles would at
tract the public.
The management was at first somewhat
of a drawback, but punctuality now rulea
; where forgetfulness of the clock was In
i vogue, and far better starts are secured
I with the limiting of scoring of 110 yards,
| aided by the barrier.
A few horsemen who have watched
i Zambro, 2:11, race and work are enthusi
j astlc enough to predict for him a record
| of 2:07 or 2:08, if nothing prevents him'
from trotting out the season, and his
owner lets him have the advantage of a
first-class track. He is grandly bred on
the dam's side, she by Almont
lightning, dam by Kentucky Clay, next
dam by Edwin Forrest— all splendid
crosses. No wonder he is dead game ana
a natural trotter.
Little Thorn worked a quarter Friday
morning in 31 seconds— a 2:04 clip.
Dick Abies, who used to be with Tom
Keating and started with "Knapsack"
McCarthy in the swipe capacity, is look
ing to get a string together to take East.
He is a good relnsman, for all good care
takers develop Into first-class drivers.
Dave McClary was swiping' Guinnette
three years ago, but has since then
brought to the wire the first two-minute
horse. Abies worked the big chestnut
pacer, Bernard, 2:17, a mile In 2:12 last
week, last quarter in 31 seconds. He has
only been in training three weeks, ana
looks to be good in his class.
Dexter I'rince seems to be having a
good season, as about everything out by
him has taken a lower record. If Mojave
would go one steady mile at his clip
it would be very near 2:12. and Aster can
shade 2:10 when he is right at himself.
What with Dexter Prince, McKinney and
Directum at hand breeders have oppor
tunities to breed some money winners.
Where is the horse to beat Rect. horse
men are. asking at the track. When they
step away from him at the half mile pole
they will just about go there in 1:05.
Ethel Downs ( and Mamie Griffin would
make a fairly good pole team. The mares
resemble one another quite a little.
Aster, 2:12-2. shares the trotting record
of the Oakland track now with Ethci
Downs. Singularly enough he was thu
contending horse when she trotted her
great heat here. He is a perfect gaitod
trottor with stride enough to warrant ex
treme speed expectations if he would stop
"lugging."
Inferno, 2:15, by Diablo, stopped a work
out at Plf-asanton in 2:13^.
If Resort could step a mile where he
can rate away a quarter for a sprint he
would be a seven day wonder. His vic
tory on Saturday puts Donathan In th«
lead among his fellow reinsmen and train
ers.
The meeting will continue at least for
another week with every probability of
Its going the full twenty-four days as
originally contemplated. The entries for
to-riay promise pome great racing, es
pecially in the 2:13 trot.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race, special pacing, mile dash— T. M.
Nelson's Htjo del Diablo, W. B. Warner's
F W. W. Maben's Rex Alto, C. Whltehead's
Delphi.
Second race, 2:20 class, trotting, mile daeh—
James Sutherland's Favor, G. E. Shaw's Menlo
Belle. C. E. Park's Lottie, D. E. Knight's Sil
ver Queen.
Third race, 2:30 class, 'pacing, mile heats,
two in three— C. A. Owen's Harry Ramon C.
C. Crippen'a Roderick. E. A. Falvey's Resort,
George E. Shaw's Lindo. James Sullivan's
Captain Hackett, Thomas Smith's Gait Top-
Fall. W. G. Durfee's Lady Margaret, — 's
Ahdlnc.
Fourth rnce. 2:13 cln.ss. trotting, mile dash—
C. E. Clarke's Tories. P. J. WilHnms' Mon
terey, .lamps Sulilvan's Mamie Griffin H
Schlosser's Clay S, 's Our Lucky.
Fifth rare, 2:17 class, trotting, mile dash-
James Sullivan's Our Jack. George E. Shaw's
May B, P. J. Williams" Silver Ring, E. P
Heald's Myrtle Thorn".
Red Men Thank The Call.
The business connected with the jubilee
celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of
tho Institution of the Grand Council, I. O.
R. M.. In this city has been finished and
the committee has a poodly surplus fund
left. Representatives from the various
tribes now constitute a committee to ar
range for the entertainment of delegates
to the sun session to be held In this city
on August 2. The following resolution was
ordered sent to The Call:
The jubilee committee of the Improved Order
of Red Mi»n, In committee assembled, realizing
anil appreciating the assistance given them l,y
The Call In Its generosity in publishing notices
and rpportH of meetings " from time to time,
thus materially assisting In making this,' our
Jubilee year celebration, a signal demonstration
In the history of Rfdmarshlp In the State of
California, do hereby, on the part of our order,
extend to you a vote; of thanks.
Fall of the Bastile.
The celebration of the Fall of the Bas
tile at the Chutes on Thursday next
promises to be the greatest evont of the
kind ever held in San Francisco. The
French colony has joined hand In hand
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tk« fto- _ >?
. Uallt S7JT V/fTA » "* • * «
with the Red Cross Society and will offer
the proceeds of its annual fete to that
charity.
The committee in charge, Emanuel Raas
presiding, met yesterday afternoon and
reported everything to be progressing
splendidly. The decorations will be un
usually tine and will include, American
Washington and Lafayette. American
flags and tricolors surmounting the red
cross. Japanese lanterns all over the
grounds and many surprises. The fire
works displuy will be much better that,
that of the city on the Fourth of July,
and the ball all night will be an occasion
of much enjoyment
—■ ♦ ■
Charged With Grand Larceny.
May McDonald was arrested by Officer
V. N. Baculich last evening and charged
with grant larceny at the California street
station. The complaining witness, C. F.
Earle. accuses the woman of robbing him
of ten dollars in gold.
A Sword Presentation.
The members of Company H, Sixth In
fantry Regiment. California Volunteers,
have presented First Lieutenant Van
denhuvel with a fine gold-mounted
sword as a token of their high regard for
him.
NEED OF A CABLE
TO THE ISLANDS
Congressmen Urge the Providing of
Quick Communication With
Hawaii.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald sends the
following: At the next session of Con
gress one of the first matters that de
mand attention will be the consideration
of the proposed submarine cable from
the United States to Hawaii. Several bills
to charter cable companies are now pend
ing before the Foreign Relations Committee
of the Senate and the Interstate and For
eign Commerce Committee of the House,
and efforts will be made to get one
through at the earliest moment.
These bills propose to give subsi
dies in one form or another, generally by
the Government guaranteeing the com
pany a certain amount each year for the
transmission of messages.
Senator Davis, chairman of the Foreign
Relations Committee, said to mo to-night:
"The question of cable communication
with Hawaii is one which must be taken
up at once. I suppose the best way to
procure the construction of a cable would
be by granting a charter to a private cot
poration rather than by having the Gov
ernment construct It as :i Government
line. The provision in one of the bills
before our committee that the Govern
ment should pay a certain guarantee was
favorably considered by the members of
the Foreign Relations Committee."
Senator Cullom of Illinois, who Is a
member of the same committee, and who
is chairman of the Commission of Fivw
appointed to recommend legislation re
garding the Hawaiian Islands, s;iid :
"The present situation has shown the
imperative necessity of a cable to Hawaii
which would eventually reach to the
Philippines, Japan and all the Orient.
Just how it is to be built is a matter
for Congress to determine. My recollec
tion is that the bill which our "committee
considered favorably proposed to have
the Government pay a certain amount an
nually for a fixed number of years, af
ter which the line was to revert to the
Government and become Government
property."
ARRIVAL OF HENRY
AND HIS COMMAND
WASHINGTON, July 10.— The depart
ment has posted these bullet'ns of dis
patches received this evening:
SIBONEY, Cuba, (via Hayti, July 10.—
Adjutant General, Washington; Head
quarters Fifth Army Corps, July JO.— I
have just received letter from General
Toral declining unconditional surrender.
Bombardment by army and navy will he
gin at or near 4 p. m. to-day if Possible.
SIIAFTER. Major General.
SIBONEY, July 10.— Adiutant General,
"Washington: The St. Paul has just arriv
ed with General Henry and his command
and quartermasters' stores.
HUMPHREYS.
SIBONEY. Cuba. July 10.— Adjutant
General, Washington: The Catania just
arrived with the first District of Columbia
volunteers. HUMPHREYS.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 10.— Garret Coehran,
the football coach of the University of
Californin, will return from Mexico on
August 15. He will commence to train
the football men as soon as the college
opens.
Dr. E. S. Chapman, president of the
anti-saloon league of California, occupied
the pulpit of the First Presbyterian
Church this morning. His address bore
direct reference to the question of tem
perance reform.
The Sunday school of the West Berkeley
Presbyterian Church will hold its annual
picnic next Tuesday at Blair Park.
Court University No. 7015. Ancient Order
of Foresters, will install officers to-mor
row evening. A circle of the Companions
of the Forest will be formed at the same
time.
6AIN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market arM Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clocS.
615 Larkin street; »*~n until 9:JO o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission Btreet; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
SPKCIAt. NOTICES.
, s-s*^ ,~v~«^-^^. I
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following j
orphan and half-orphan girls and boys have
been admitted to the San Francisco Protest- I
ant Orphan Asylum, on Halght »t., from '
January 1 to July 1. 1S98: Aileen P.- Wolf, ;
II 1 yrs; Margaret L. Wolf, 9% yrs; Hazel !
I. Wolf. 8 yrs; Bella Obenauer. 12 yrs; Viola j
Blanchard, 10 yrs; Loona Blanchard, 8 yrs; ]
Ethel M. Cheatham, 10% yrs; Margaret
Forbes, 10% yrs; Ida D. Roper, S yrs; Rhoda '.
Wedde, 9 yrs; Ida Wedde, S yrs; Elizabeth
Meyer, 4 yrs; Margaret Meyer, 3 yrs: Mary
Fleming, 10 yrs; Carrie Loeffler, S-% yrs; j
George L. Smith, BH yrs; Arthur Smith. 12 i
yrs; Mark Smith, 8% yrs; Walter Smith, 7 !
yrs; Charles ; . Fleming, . 11% yrs; Thomas 1
Forbes, 9 1-3 yrs; John A. Primus, SV4 yrs; I
Hugo G. Berg, 9 yrs; Vivian Berg, 7 yrs;
Charles Wedde, 3,4 yrs; Louis H. Fiest, 12%
yrs; Albert Fiest, 10 1-3 yrs; Leroy Fiest. 717 1 '
yrs; V Orion Blanchard, 11 yrs, and Henry
 Koenicke, 3 yrs. i -v* 1 ,•.!
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room ti; tel. 5580.
LOOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
PEARL PIERCE, manicuring, massage. 230
Kearny st., room 20.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Tost St.;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. V,\i Turk and HIS Market, rms. 15-10.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. IUS Market St.. room 8.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer; room
98, second floor, 1505 Market st, cor. Eighth.
MISS EMILY POTTER, S6SH Market St., room
12, opp. Baldwin; steam baths and message.
CLARA NORDLINGER, alcohol baths and
marjiage. 101 Eddy St.. room 12.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market St.. parlors U and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 3:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOIIC-S.
DIVIDEND -otice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Fran -=oo— A dividend (No. ]) at the
rate of' seven (7) per cent per annum has beta
declared for the half year ending June 30,
payable on 15th inst.
Transfer books will be closed from 10th to
15th Inst., both days inclusive.
D. n. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco, July C, ISDS.
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.
—San Francisco, June 29, IS9S— At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-fifths
(3 8-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30, 1898, free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
, IWB. JROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodre •> No. 22, F. arid fl
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (MON-_J%_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock TCjf
sharp. Second degree. ■ r^r >
G. VV. ROOT. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and A
A. .4»M.".. 4 »M.". Franklin Hall, 1539 Fillmore _#\_
St.— Firsi desroo THIS ■. M< >N I> A V /SjT
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By order /^r
of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310. I. O. J t.«affl%,
O. F., will Install Us officers f or _s>_2__
the ensuing term on MONDAY
EVENING. July 11. at its hall, "^w^
2319 Mission st. All are cordially invited.
Come and have a good time.
C. C. EHRER, N. G.
R. H. FAIRCHILD, Rec. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodgre No. 222, I «&__,,
O. O. F.— lnstallation MONDAY -Ix?EsK^-
EVENING, Ju..- 1] --i&^Rjfc
W. H. STACKPOLE. N. G. "--*M^
JAMES LAWRENCE. Recording Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the society's office at
the Animals' Home, Sixteenth and Alabama
sts., on MONDAY, July IS, 189S, at 4 p. m.,
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the S.in Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market St., San Francisco. Cal., on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July, IS9B, at the hour I
of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of electing a j
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing !
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .
PACIFIC Employment First-class se-
lect help. sSf. Market st.: nhone Clay 139.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FKJI ALE.
LADIES— an Al servant see J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
A— ENGLISH woman, good cook and house-
worker; best references; $12 to $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German housegirl wishes situa-
. tion; good cook; 3Vs years last place. Apply
MRS. NORTON, Swedish and German Em-
ployment Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN second grirl; first-class waitress and
seamstress; references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEX. 225 Sutter st.
3 YOUXG lailies would like situations as cham-
bermaids in city or country hotel; references.
Call 323 Taylor st.
YOUNG girl wants general housework and
plain cooking. Please call at 3647 Sacramento
St., corner of, Spruce.
EXPERIENCED young American woman
wishes position In hotel or Institute. Call at
123 V; Sixth st.
COMPETENT young woman; cooklns and
housework; best city reference. 904 Laguna
St., bakery.
YOUXG woman short time from East wishes
position; housework or second work; Amer-
ican family preferred. 702 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist in housework or
mind baby. 569 Mission st.
WOMAN wishes place to do light housework
or take care of children. Address 1105 Clay.
GERMAN girl would like washing and clean-
ing by the day; Wednesday and Thursday
preferred; $1 10 a day. Address 4 Ivy aye.,
near Polk st.
EXPERIENCED woman of 3S wishes situation
as housekeeper; Is also an experienced nurse.
Address box 141, San Rafael.
GERMAN girl wishes situation in small fam-
ily; general housework; last place 9 years.
Call 43S Twenty-ninth st., city.
YOUNG German woman with a child would
like a situation: across the bay preferred.
Call at 210 East st., bet. Howard and Folsom.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes any kind
I r,r n-,>rlr I-,v th» <lpv ti nn/1 nayfarm full fnr
3 days 416 Sixth st.
Y< IUNG married woman wishes housework
and cooking in exchange for room and board
for herself and liusband. Box 31. Call.
RESPECTABLE lady wants to take charge of
a small rooming house In exchange for rent
free. Address box S6. Call office.
EXPERIENCED colored nurse desires position
In the city. 520 Geary st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper for hotel,
rooming house or private family; would ac-
cept a place as governess; best of references.
Box 205, Call office.
YOTNG Swedish girl would like to do general
housework and plain cooking in a small fam-
ily. Call or address 30 Coso aye., between
Mission st. and California aye.
RESPECTABLE colored woman wishes situa-
tion housework or by the day; good cook;
references. Address A., 1226 Pine st.
WOMAN will work for 50c day; sew, sweep,
assist at any kind of work; San Rafael,
across the bay or- city. Box 103, Call office.
QUIET, refined young lady wishes situation
riFsiftinp elderly or invalid lady or to dn yip-
Etairs work. Please address MISS PETER-
POX. 71S Myrtle st., Oakland.
YOI'NG woman wishes position as housekeeper;
good cook; city or country. MRS. STURM,
147 Powell st.
cii r:\FEST~and belt In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any uddress in the United
States, postpaid, i'nr ?1 '0 a year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Ostab. 20 years) help;
I tel. Main l'J97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 Vi O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
GARDENER wants situation; middle aged; un-
derstands care and management horses, etc.;
small wages; first-class city references. Gar-
dener, box 42, Call office.
POSITIi >N as assistant bookkeeper, stenograph-
er and typewriter by a young man; first-class
references, liox 70, Call Office.
BRIGHT and honest boy wishes situation as
office or errand boy for store. Address S. L.,
box 49, Call office.
chin. 1 :.-]: first-elata oook, waabar, mutts.
place: country or city. CHARLEY HOON,
764 Clay st.
RELIABLE young German, with good mercan-
tile experience, wishes situation; no salary
desired as yet, but a position for getting a
good English mercantile education. S., box
243. Call office.
ADVERTISER. 30, wants work anyTind; 10
years' English experience In grocery, etc.;
wages £5. Box 52, Call office.
WANTED— A position by a licensed engineer
and machinist; 2u years' references. Box S6.
Call Office.
YOUNG married man desires position as driver
of delivery wagon or willing to do anything
else: good references; give bonds if required.
S. A., box 747. Call office.
HOUSE, window and floor cleaning. Citizens'
Co.. 204»4 Eddy st.
WANTED— Work by painter, single man; con-
tract or day work; no objection to country;
prices very reasonable. Address G., box 12,
Call office, Oakland.
CARPENTER desires a position in a merchan-
dise or business of any kind ns porter: mid-
dle aged. Address A. G. DAHMER, Jl5 Minna.
SITUATION wanted, German young man, in
private family; underrtanrts gardening, care
of horses, cows, chickens and general work
around the place: country: willing and oblig-
ing. Address box 104, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shoe salesman wishes situation:
city or country; if in country can handle ill
lines of goods with equal success: am strictly
business and A No.l. Address box 556, Call.
SITUATION wnnted by a middle-aged man to
care for horses: can drive and do general
work about place. Address G., box 551, Call.
RELIABLE man with b?fit of recommendations
would like position in retail or wholesale
house, where there is a chance for advance-
ment; speaks German and English. Box 888,
Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cheese-
maker or foreman of dairy and ranch. Box
237, Call office.
RESPONSIBLE and educated married man
wants to take charge of r\ gentleman's pri-
vate place; country preferred; or position in
city as janitor; business references. Address
J. P., box 64, Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and bfurgage to and from ferry.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
S'ili.°i'rlptlor,s a:.d ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS second girl, $2r; Al dressmaker;
nurse, $20. ami a large number of girls to
fill situations in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 318 Sutter st.
10 WAITRESSES in city and country hotols,
resorts and restaurants. $2d, $25 and $5 week;
4 chambermaids and waitresses, $20; cook,
smr<ll boarding-house, $20; ironers in laundry,
$2 ilay; pantry girl. $15, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED — American cook. $25; German cook,
$30; nurse, eleep home, Jl5; 2 French girls for
housework, $15 and $20; girls for housework,
$25. $20, $15 and $10. LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton st.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work, $25;
no washing or window-cleaning. 631 L&rkin.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
3 FIRST-CLASS chambermaids for first-class
country hotel, to ■go this week, $20 and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
ANTED.
Waitress .Springs.. free fare $20
Waitress.. ....... ...Geysers.. see party here. £2o
Waitress ....Woodland 2()
2 waitresses Fresno free fare. ......5<.5
Waitress Fresno free fare $20
Waitress Napa  ....$2O
Wai trees Cisco ...........$2O
5 waitresses City $20
Chambermaid to wait, Watsonville... $20
Chambermaid to wait, Modesto $20
Chambermaid to wait. Pacific Grove $20
Cook for Santa Ysabel, $20, see party here:
25 houseglrls, c!ty and country, $25. $20, $15;
child's nurse for institution, $20 and found;
mangier, hotel laundry, $20 and board; shirt
polisher, country, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES for Santa Cruz, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■
COOK, $30, San Mateo; second girl, $25; nurse,
$20; 12 housework girls, city and country. $20
and $25; lo young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
, MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel, country. $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
RANCH cook, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter
street. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, $15, far*
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and eecond girl, same house, $30 and $20,
country? MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I NEAT young girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
1 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, same hotel, country, $20 each:
nurse, $25; 2 second girls, $20 and $25; 15
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25; 10 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEX. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; second girl. $20; nurse, $25; Ger-
■ man nurseeirl, 1 child of 6 years. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ____
GERMAN housekeeper, $15; German housegirl,
$20, family of 2. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WAITRESS, $15; chambermaid. $18; housegirl,
$25; cook, German style, $25. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
HOTEL cook, $25; boarding-house cook, $25
middle-aged woman, country, $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt.
YOUNG girl to assist, $10, no cooking; 3 girls
at $15 each; second girl, $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20; waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; girl for house-
work, ranch, Marin County, $15; houseworlc
girls, country. MURRAY & READY, ' 634
and 6M Clay st.
.—.. — .
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st.
WANTED— A young girl to asßist with house-
work; small family; good home; references
exchanged. 523 McAllister St.
GIRL to assist in housework; wages $6; sleep
home. 1205V4 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Neat young- girl for light house-
work. Apply 2504 Clay st.
WANTED— girl to wait on table. 562 Sixth
street.
GIRL for general housework; 3 In the family. ;
Call from S to 12 o'clock at 1275 O'Faxrell Bt.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats; pay;
while learning. 410 Kearny st. room 33.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 425 Na-
toma et.
EXPERIEXCED apprentices on custom coats.
72SH Howard St.
WANTED — Young girl to assist In housework.
143 Bartlett st.
TAILORESS wanted; steady work. Apply at
347 Third st.
WANTED— good German girl for general
housework. Inquire in bakery, 629 McAllister.
WANTED— AII-around shoe fitters. ROSEN-
THAL, FEDER & CO., 581 Market st.
NEAT colored girl to do Lome mending; good
pay. Address box 88, Call.
WILL give a good home to some respectable
and Intelligent young girl between 14 and 16
years of age; orphan preferred; references
rlvsn nnA rMinlru^ V!n« <"■ IfMTTTSfIV
given ana required, mus. v. kimltsu-N,
Campbell. Cal.
WANTED— Woman 28 to 35 years old for com-
panion ami light duties: good home; smpll
wages: ?. in family: middle-aged people; coun-
try; Santa Clara County, near San Jose. Box
PSrt, San Jose.
BUSHEL-WOMAN, competent, on gent's and
ladies' clothing. Emporium Renovatory, 10»
Eddy st.
WAIST hand and good suit saleslady at Black
Goods House, 1106 Market st.
WANTED— MiddIe-agred woman as cook; good
home; steady place. 202 Ninth st.
LEARN dresoma ng and millinery; position*
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School. 1079 MarkaC
■t. : perfect fit: no trying on: trial fre«.
WANTED— GirIs and ladles to learn ••Rood'*
magic scale dress cutting system" complete la
10 days; open evenings; good pay! 207 Taylor.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until ?:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken.
HELF~WANTED— MALE.
WANTED — American milker, $30; farmer and
wife, $40; Ironers, $2 day; 20 laborers, city and
country, $1 day and board and $1 75 day
teamster for vineyard; wine cellar man-
Swedish farmer, S2f); farmers for Napa and
Santa Cruz counties, ?20; 2 carpenters for
mine, $2 50 day; teamster. $1 60 day and oth-
ers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO. 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $60; broiler $50^
lo waiters, city and country- hotels, $25 and
$30; porter for Nevada. $20; baker's helper $4
week; kitchen men and others. Apply to J
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.
A— MURRAY & READY
Want Monday, July 11, ..
876 railroad men $i 75* a "day
teamsters $1 75 a day
laborers $1 75 a
30 men to cut brush, etc., $30 and found
IZo laborers, around mines, from $2 50 a day
$2 50 a day $2 50 a day...
26 farm hands $26, $25 and"s2o
3 choremen for ranches.. s2o and $15 and found
6 teamsters, city $1 75 a ,j a y
26 laborers, city $1-75 a da £
126 woodchoppers $1 50. $1 cord
9-> tiemakers ... 8 to 15c each
farmer and wife
4 milkers $25 and $20 and'found
stableman, city
FREE FARE ..***
26 laborers around a building, $26 and found"
5 laborers, brickyard company, $1 75 a day'
1 MURRAY & READY *
634 and 636 Clay st.
A LAUNDRY HELP "'" '
6 ironers $2 a day. $30 and'found
3 washers and starchers $35 and found
Marker and distributor V $2 a d»v
MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 Clay st.
A-12 COKS $55, $45. $35. $30 and found
9 waiters $30. $25, $20 and found
1 pantryman $25 and found
1 porter $20 and found
MURRAY & READY :
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BAKERS ]
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel. $45 and
found
Boy around bakery $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, '
634 and 636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper, $50 and increase. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— GANG EDGERMAN, sawmill company
••• ••••; ....$4O and found
Spool tender, donkey engine $2 a day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FOR MONDAY ......
100 teamsters, north f r .-. e far*
40 teamsters. Valley road .. (roe fara
20 four-horse teamsters, south free fare
1"> pick and shovelers. $1 75 a day, boar I $4 i,O
free fare ...". ..... ... '
10 irep to make basalt blocks, . 2c a -blVckT
steady work, see boss here ........... '
8 miners, $2 50 a day ...:. *"
40 laborers to work around a lart?e mine th»
year round at wages from $1 60 f) $■• 50 x.
day, reduced rail fares to the Job
llea'l logger, $60 and board ; 4 buoko-s" and
barkers, $35 and found; gang edgerman, $2 23
a day; woodchoppers. tiemakers. bolt-mak.
ers and shingle mill hands /...
18 farmers, $1 a day and board and 75c a'd'a'v
and toard; gardener, hotel, $20 aiU found
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ° Una -
HEAL waiter, with experience, for a countrr
hotel, $50 and found; 5 country hotel waiters i
$25. .C..-R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st *
BROILER, hotel, $50; butcher, $40; second cook
for springs, $40; pantryman, make salads $33-
night cook, $10 a week. C. R HANSENA
, CO., 104 Geary st.
PLAIN washer, country hotel, $35 and found
hanger up, - $30 and found, free fare C r '
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '-■- ' "*
PLANER man for country, $2 25 a day clock
repairer, $8 a week; man to pack salt. '$1 25 a.
day; .. w pper '.. $2 50 a cord; farmers. $2*
■ and *26; .mllker?i. mIlker ?i $30 and $25; choreman for
ranch. , $la; , cellarman for vineyard 126-
Kcraper teamster, $26; waiter $25- cook san;
R. T. WARD & CO. , 60S-61Q Clay 'st 7^'
BUTCHER wanted— Young man who thor-
oughly understands the business ikmol
Market, 1529_Parkjt., Alameda Alamed »
STEADY man want 3 situation to care for
\^°iod SS i P nTpe^n^g^jj[^
V L ar t G fSrd? Igggt"^ B maUVa>e a t0;t 0 ;
bootblack to barb« .hop. W 'HKLP WANTED— Continued.
GOOD young barber wanted. 2007 Mission St.;
15c chop.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st.
WANTED— Strong boy to kick press. 628 Mont-
gomery St.
"WANTED— A first-class polisher. Sun Laun-
dry, ISth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED— SO boys between the ages of 10 and
13 years to sing in vested choir; in addition
to best musical instruction, small salary will
be paid. Call at . Church of the Advent,
Eleventh St., near Market, on Monday bet. 2
and 4 p. m.
WANTED— good solicitors; also 1 experienced
solicitor to take charge of agents; salary and
dssion. Call at once, 1232 Broadway,
Oakland.
BRIGHT, energetic solicitors; Alameda and
nther counties; permanent; profitable. 1155
Mission st.
MEN to lenm barber trade in S weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 13SV. Eighth st.
COAIj miners who have worked in pitch vein
coal mines wanted. Apply to Tesla Coal Co.,
room 515, 32S Montgomery st.
10 YOUNO men for ntce cruise: good wages;
no experience. HERMAN'S. -•'■ Steuart st
SAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANE'S,
f>o4 Davis St., near Jackson.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third it ; 150 large
rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec . 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 Vi Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 250 per
nigtal 60c. 90c and J. per week.
MEN fli calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, CSc; only one price. 559 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
roam. 20c night. Rosedaie House, 321 Ellis.
BARB! Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
Marl 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
S3:' HAVES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. .
ROOMS WANTED.
ONE or 2 unfurnis) ■ 1 rooms and yard; cheap.
A.'.dr->s MI;S i.Ell.li, 221 Fifth st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H. PAT"M buys furniture and general mer-
rh«n<l:s.-. 1057 Mnrk>-t st.: t»l. Jessie 32.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS make big money selling MURAT
HALSTEAD'S great w:ir bonk. "'Our Coun-
try in War"; written Blnce Maine disaster;
elegantly Illustrated; secure territory to-day;
outfit 50c. California Educational Bureau,
Stockton, Cal.
WANTED— A few canvassers: a good opportu-
nlty for right ptrtips. Call at 1103 Howard Ft.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSI of 12 rooms; centrally located. Box
7i>. Call of flop.
ItOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED Board and ring for family of 2
adults and chil.l at some point outside of city,
within reasonable distance thereof. Send
torrr.s an'l references to box S!>. Call office.
WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
S SHETLAND pony colts Just weaned; must be
cheap and small. G. H. CROLEY, 417 Sacra-
mento Bt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— lo ROOMS; rent $30; Golden Gate ave. s 300
GO rooms; fine corner 760
32 rooms; clears $200 monthly 2500
10 rooms: sunny corner; payments lf.O
44 rooms; fine for transients; part cash.. 1600
25 rooms; near Baldwin; cheap 600
2? rooms: transient; best In ity 1500
11 rooms; sunny corner; a snap..... 650
11 rooms: Van N>.=s aye 275
f-2 rooms; rent $S0; come quick 1500
S6 rooms: good transient house 1500
22 rooms; new; near Tlvoll 950
22 rooms: rert $70 '. .. 850
46 rooms; Market st. ; clears $200; cheap
KOGEJiS <& ii'i;-K. 1206 Market et. (L. XV.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. '". Decker.)
CO-ROOM German hotel $1100
50-room corner house: clears $300 1400
M-rooms; rent $50; central : 650
19 rms.; boarding 1500! 10 rms.: fine cor... COO
15 rms.; corner... 900 15 rms.: on 4th St.. 250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
2G-ROOM corner house: best in the city; worth
J1S00; price S5OO. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
KREDO & CO. : 22H Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
110 rms: best. $46W)1 13 rms; clears $50...5g50
48 rms; Geary Moo|ll rms; good 400
25 rms: Post 1500 i ? rms: Leaven w'th. 275
20 rms: very best 1600 j 9 rms; Jones 450
14 rms; Eddy SSOI And many others.
Many of the above part cash, balance time.
$300— LODGING-HOUSE of 22 furnished rooms,
all occupied; rent $33; $100, balance time to
suit. BOMANSON. 601 Foleom St.
NICE sunny furnished house of 11 rooms; good
location; cheap. 419 Stockton st.
CORNER house; fine location; new furniture:
18 rooms: all rented: bargain' owner leaving
town. Address box --- Call Offi
BEST 12-room transient house exchange for
small flat: cash difference. KREDO & CO.
$300— LODGING house of 20 Furnished rooms:
all rented: rent $35. J. B. GIACOMINI, 12
Montgomery aye.
FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of fi rooms; very cheap. 196
Shipley st., corner Fifth.
COZY 4-room flat ar-i bath, all furnished com-
plete, for sal^; f.ll oak. Apply 317 Butter st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for "$6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approv< this method. Prices are the
came as if purchased for all rash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same eas>
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
els., San Fr«ncisco, and Thirteenth and
idway, Oakland.
LUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER ft CHASE'S
' 26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell Bt. Pianos, organs
- and al! other musical Instruments o£ all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. . Everything possible don« to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, $135; Sterling, $175; Vose.
$200; 47 more; all must go during July and
August: investigate before buying. BENJ.
CJTRTAZ & SON, Chlckerlng agents, 16-18-20
O'Farrell st.
WE Invite critical exßrnlnatlon : new Etore, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary st.,
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 208. 310. 312 Post st.
THE b^st chance of the season: a fine stand-
ard make upright 1100; el'-gant condition. J.
DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood building.
FINE upright for $150; rome early If you want
to MCUrt a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIB
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st. . - '
A— }3s; FINE-TONED piano, flrst-cla«s condi-
tion; must sell. IMI Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
AN' upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister St.
SPECIAL sale of pianos: wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rentF. $2 up. HEINE, 130 Ellis Bt.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAlllstet
at., next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
ABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPEP.IOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'I.LKR. maker, <■■ ■■■'m. 2 T atham plac».
attorm:vs at LAW.
ADVICE freo; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE. atty at law, 860 Market, cor. Stocktn.
A '' Vl '". l; i&PSS no charge unless successful.
W. V.. DAVIDSON. Market Bt.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice: open cv. Atty MoCabe. 103Lafkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Bpreckeli bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no feet in advance.
ADVICE free 27,, a " leral matter* T F
STACK. 14 McAllister Ft., room 64.
SEWIHG SIACHINBS. ■-..."
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer" and w , l|te
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
*2 MONTHLY-Rented. repllred, bought. sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold," ezchangad rented-
. repairing at lowMt rates. 205 Fourth st. '
PHYSICIA.NS. ~~
t)R. C. C. O'DONNELL, of flcTlnT residence"
liO6 Market; diseases of. women a specialty:
BtSIXESS CHANCES.
$600— CORNER grocery and bar In the verj
choicest business location; connected with 6
living rooms and doing a rushing cash busi-
ness; must be sold at once; sickness cause
for it; Investigate and make your offer. Cali
WILKE, 845 Market st.
A— sl7s; SALOON; established years, with club
rooms; average dally receipts $S; rent $20
owner must sell at once because he took po-
sition as commercial traveler. Call WILKE,
845 Market st.
A— $1000; SALOON in the very best location,
Western Addition, doing a first-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. W ILKE,
445 Market st.
$400; PARTNER In first-class paying busl-
ness. on Kearny et., near Market, clearing
easily $250 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE, 545 Market.
$2500— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
down-town location, with building: long lease;
doing a flrst-claB3 paying business; other en-
gagements compel owner to sacrifice. Parti-
culars WILKE, 545 Market st.
$600— CORNER saloon In wholesale district; es-
tablished many years and doing a good pay-
ing business; owner must leave for the coun-
try at once. Call WILKE, 545 Market st.
$1200— CIGAR store and stationery, on Market
st., near ferries; flrM-class paying; low rent;
a genuine bargain; investigate at once; a
rare chance.' WILKE, 545 Market st.
$400— BRANCH bakery, cigar, notion store;
. south of Market st. ; 4 living. rooms: no op-
posltlon; present owner there six years; do-
ing well: must be sold at once; party going
East; great bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
WANTED— Party with $175 to take an Interest
in a sure paying enterprise; $200 profits per
month. Call at M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$800 — saloon; near large business houses;
doing good business; fine fixtures; best bar-
gain in the city. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1100— DAY saloon and lunchhouse; best busi-
ness part; part cash; easy payments: must be
sold; owner retiring. M. LESS. 766 Market St.
$500— SALOON, with 5 living rooms, including
furniture; large stock; fine fixtures; buy noth-
ing until you see this; central location. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
$225— RESTAURANT; excellent location; do-
ing a good business; rent only $20; good bar-
gain; see it to-day. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$175— PARTNER wanted in paying restaurant,
north of Market; an excellent offer made by
cook of said restaurant; cannot depend on
hired help; look this up. il. LESS, 765 Mar-
ket st.
A— J2OOO; HOME bakery and coffee parlor; $40
daily; never changed hands. KREDO & CO.
NICEST, cosiest little delicacy store In city;
dally receipts $25; make offer. KREDO & CO.
$1000— Manufacturing extracts, perfumes and
toilet goods; established 4 years- agents now
appointed over entire coast. KREDO & CO.
BAKERY, 30 miles from S. F.. 2000 popu-
lation; prosperous business. KREDO .fc CO.
$300— CANDY and ice cream parlors; living
rooms; (S daily. KREDO iz CO.. 22V_ Geary.
A-$300: RESTAURANT. $30 daily; 20 steady
boarders; other good restaurants from $200
to $3000. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary St.
i SALOON north of Market st., adjoining J
theaters; worth double this amount; mu6t be
sold on account of the serious illness pro-
prietor. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in a paying legitimate
business; will pay to each over $5 daily. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny Bt.
$450— RESTAURANT; cost $750; must sell on
account of Immediate departure. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$300— PARTNER wanted In laundry; paying
business. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
CANDY store and factory; bargain, on
account of immediate departure. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$175— FRUIT and vegetable stand: Western Ad-
dition; $12 day guaranteed; trial given to any
one mpnnlnfir hnsinpss: n. harffsin. CTTY
AGENCY, S5O Market st.
TO 3 men of neat appearance who can furnish
good references I have something good to of-
fer; those who have had experience in solicit-
ing preferred. Call Monday or Tuesday at
511 Montgomery St., W. A. BEEBE.
WANTED — Partner for well-established under-
taking business; first-class business opportu-
nity for Protestant gent; experience not nec-
linx 71. Call ..trice.
LADY wants working partner with some capi-
tal In good-paying business; security tor
money. Call or address MO l^ Mission, r. 2.
$400— OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher shop; Al
business; ,':.i;^t be s.iki thin week; investigate
at once. H.>x 87, Call office.
FRl'lT store, horee. wagon, for sale; a bar-
j gain. Apply at Pacific and Jones sts.
J I3KST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; promi-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no
! opposition ; clearing J2OO a month; sacrificed
for 1650; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe immediately; trial given. H.
J., box 10. Call office. Oakland.
! FOR Sale— Well-established drug store, cen-
trally located: good family and transient
trade; must sell on account of ill health.
Particular* apply to box 94, Call office.
SALOON for sale: the old established stand of
HERRMANN ROHR, at the depot, Gilroy,
Cal.; owner wishes to retire. Address H.
R( 188, Qilroy, Cal. '
$1200— PARTNER wanted to connect grocery
with liquor store: good location; German pre-
ferred, who understands groceries. Box 42,
Call office.
CORNER grocery and liquor store and a cor-
ner lot to exchange for a cottage; will pay
cash difference. Apply Call office.
$60— PARTNER to manufacture machine for
cooling purposes; SO per cent cheaper than ice.
G. C. TERRY. 530 Pacific st.
PAYING bakery and confectionery store; good
trade; fine location. Twenty-second and
Brush st«., Oakland.
A— SANITARIUM; clears $200 per month; own-
ers must leave the city. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
7150— HORSERADISH and pickle stand, sit-
1 in best market in city. BASILE. S73H
Market st.
Hi ip.SE and wagon with laundry route; cheap.
1!' Scott place, off Pacific and Mason sts.
$GOO— PARTNER wanted family liquor store;
g ..I location. Box 100, Call office.
$500— PARTNER In a pleasant business to
travel in frm'lgn eonntriea with Edison's in-
ventions; no previous experience necessary;
can make $5000 a year. Call after 11 a, m..
17 Grant aye., room 12.
FOR SALE— In best country town, cheap, with
first-class private and store trade; good rea-
sons for selling; two wagons; low rent. For
I .articular* addraM P.akery, box 74, Call office.
PRI iBPERINQ fruit store, 290 Third aye., Rich-
mond; good reason given for selling.
; '."■'■ <;<.<>ii saloon for sale, with 3 living
rooms; n>nt {18. Inquire Call office.
FOR sale— Barber shop; 1 chair; 1707 Market
■ . ear Twelfth; living rooms; cheap rent.
F"K <■. if— nid-f-stiiblished grocery. Inquire 252
First st., corner Clementina.
FOR SALE— A well stocked grocery and bar;
old established business; run by owner 6
: rent cheap. Apply Call Office.
$860— SALOON; day business. 506 Clay Bt.
FOR sale— 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price ?I2V'. Box 201, Call Office.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena:
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI *■ ANDERSON, St. Helena.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best in Central Call-
fornla. for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to-
-date^ worker. Address BENT, 40 California st.
LONG established corner saloon: must be sold;
choap If at once. Box 1256, Call office.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
tlculars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.-S, 415 Sacramento st.
LOST.
Arabian ring, set with diamond; liberal
reward. MRS. STANLEY, 119 Third St.. be-
tween B and 6 p. m.
LOST— Small Mack-and-tan dog. Liberal re-
ward at 501 Geary st.
LOST— A parrot from rear of 2133 Mission et.
Please return; reward.
SATURDAY afternoon about 2 o'clock, cor-
ner Broadway and Kearny ets., purse con-
taining $35 and, 5 bath tickets: contents to
D a 0 y EBERT? h^%\l ll 0 n n^! la r ew A^ lUm *»•
LOST— A gold watch and chain, bearlngTnTtlabj
T. -K. Finder please return to MISS E
RICHTER. 1327 (Seventh aye.. East Oakland
or SI2H Filbert Et., ban Francisco, and re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of CATHERINE NOLAN, No. 111303.'
. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On Tiburon ' boat, 5:10 p. m.' trip"
Wednesday. July 6, one small brown satchel
Finder will please return to 409 Market Bt.'
and receive reward.
LOST— On the 2d of July, a black water »pan-
• lel dog; curly hair. Please return to 1120 Lom-
bard St., and (receive to reward.
LOST— gold watchchain. Return to 622
» Stevenson Bt. -. -.■'■.'
TYPEWRITERS. • ~
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap ; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomry.
NEW' Hammond, ,$35: - callgraph, . $25; :, Blick,
$22 60; ; get aamplu. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 11, 1898.
PERSONALS.
' JOSErH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
st., is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
s several of his pupils will sing leading parts;
I participants of a large mixed choruß class
pay $1 monthly in advance.
- ! ANY person who witnessed accident to a boy
; on electric car near Hooper's Planing Mill, on
Fourth St.. near Channel, on Friday. July 1,
will help boy's parents «by sending name and
address to box 69, Call office. .
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
; : and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
; , 10c; SxlO and 10x12, 16c: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c;
i 11x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20xL'4, 45c; 22x
I 2S, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
I ing, all colors.lc ft;open eve. Jones. s47 Mission.
: * i
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
HAIR which is oily is generally healthy; 25c
Is all I charge for up-to-date hairdressing:
- good switches $1; best finest quality $3 50;
extra heavy long $5; open Sundays 9 to 12.
G. LKDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA is a perfect hair tonic, Ssc bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Houre, 44 Third Ft., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per nlghf *1 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'XKE, 1416 Sth 3t., Alameda.
i SUITS to order on easy Instalments. L.
T MOS. 1117 Market St.. bet 7th and Sth.
DRE S S MA X E R S I .
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
•o'.lego. 91fi Market st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday, 3 p.
m.. 315 Larkin; readings at res., 553 Geary st.
cX aTr voYan ts^
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant nnd medium; while entranced sho
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- j
tions: unites the separate, recovers lost, |
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
nnd future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR
THE OCCULT WONDER
Gives invaluable advice on anything you may
be In trouble or In doubt of. Full names,
dates, facts, etc., in all cases, s.-.tlsf action i
guaranteed. Fee, $1 and $2. 325 Eddy st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose disease, full life reading; la.
60c, gents $1; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. Moore. llo7~Market St.
(Vendome building)— Tranre medium: unites
the separated; changes lm'k: locates burled
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. RAVKNA reads life fluently; business
! advice; names given; Z6c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. WALTERS, the great card-read«-r; lailes
26c, gents 50c. 951 Mission st., near Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MRS. I!. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 OFarrell st.
MME. SYRILLE, cradle to grave: future hua-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession: never fails; advice; help. 929 Post Bt.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
2.-.C. 221 Sixth ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SEELEY, grand flower test meeting to-
night. Cambrian Hall, 1133 Mission st.
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
dium: Hindoo control; 10 to 6. 579 Geary st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. US Haight st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. m% Blxth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 2^3 Valencia st.; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. : Sat. 8; 25c.
| MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trnnc, teat and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— -C only Dr. and Mrs. M. DaTles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
I 50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease ( »r irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: solf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 61 McAllister
St.; pills, $1: very strong, $2; run 1 , $."..
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
froe and confidential: self cure, $.'; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jone».
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; post.
tively safe and sure; no danger or after er-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive/; price. $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause: no medicine or Instru-
ments used: restores In one day without fail;
%every woman her own physician: away .lls-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and npsulen, $1 : cure. $5; hy
the well-known DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly ah
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $.": travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
E, 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; prlct
$1 50; RICHARDS ft CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2o stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
AT. PEAT'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
fc-male troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
exprrss C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOO BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cat
MRS. ARCHBARD, midwife; home In confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A—2o-MILEA — 20-MILE power field and marine glass for
$10; cost $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
NEW barge cheap, 12xr.2, 5 feet deep; on beach
at Sixteenth and Kentucky sts. Apply steam-
er Queen of the Yukon, Folsom-st. wharf.
LAI'NDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elect!
goods: new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 627 Mission.
$125— CHICKERING piano: good condition; $10
down, $4 a month. 225 Sutter st.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1802 Seventh St., Oakland.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-101S-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred -lare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market at. . . ;. ■.-:.-. M
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, C 23 Golden Gate aye.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap, at 621 Mission st. .
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods.: WHITE'S. 514-516-618 Mission st. ;
GRAPHOPHONES.; $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
Projoctoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
: st.,; pawn > office. .;
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building. material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines; 2d-hand machinery. : Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New , and second-hand ; I cheaper than
, ever. ■ Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market.- S. F.
BARS, • show' cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold.. 1063 Mission, near Seventh. ■
CARPET CLEANING.
ClTyT^team Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth Bt. : telephone South 200.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S - Cal.' Carpet-cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; ■ tel. South > 228 ; lowest rates. y:;
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.'.'- 402 Sutcer St.;
tel. Main 394. WOLCOM. Proprietor. 1£
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 30.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74. > ,-„
CONKLIN' Carpet-Beating W orks, 333 Golden
Gate aye. tel. East 126. ; ; -
HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cali-
ornla and Lake ■ sts. ; - prices will ■ surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
ELLIS, 1472, nr. Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
. planked basement.
HOUSE of 4 eunny rooms. 81 Lafayette St., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth.
GOLDEN GATE aye., • nr. Webster— r. and
b. modern improvements; $50. : :■. v. .
NEW house, 12 rooms: Mission warm bet; rent
only $25. See ISAACS, 240 Montgomery st.
NICE dwelling, 441 Fifth St., 7 rooms; large
sunny ; yard; rents reduced.
OAK, 421— Stylish Kastlake residence; 8 rooms
and bath; latest improvements; $35. ■ •■ ■
TENTH, 149, near Market— 7 sunny
rooms; bath; large yard; good order; reason-
able. ' - .-
TO House; 30 rooms and bath newly
painted. 933 Mission st. .. . j
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
FIRMSHEO HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m. -
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON ST.. 333— 3-room cottage; yard
and chicken-house; $5 mo. Ban Mateo cars
to Thirty-fourth st.
COTTAGE, 3 sunny rooms, yard, basement,
cheap to small family. 1270 Folsom, nr. 9th.
COTTAGE E rooms and bath; large basement;
rent reasonable. 120 Fillmore st.
TO LET— Cottage; 4 rooms; 5014 California St..
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth ayes.; rent $10.
$12— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 1620 Devisadero.
, FLATS TO LET.
HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth — 7 rooms; choice; Bunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if Been.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— New; choice;
sunny; 4 big rooms, bath; $16; water free.
AT 1703 Bcott, NW. cor. Sutter— 6 big rooms;
choice; sunny; $25; water free; appreciated If
seen; key at corner, 2SOO Sutter st.
BUBH, 1213—2 Bats, 3 rooms, bath; rent $12 and
$13. Apply 12UB Bush st.
FLAT of 4 rooms; hall and yard; rent $9. 216
Hickory aye., between Gough and Octavta sts.
FOLSOM, 930. bet. sth and 6th— s r. and b. $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 118— Middle sunny flat, 7 rooms and
bath; near City Hall; $2?.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall: gas; $18; water free.
HOWARD, Ss2— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b.; $25.
ASHTON & GAUDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
LANGTON, S3— $15; sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath.
US Perry st.; $10; flnt. 6 rooms.
116V4 Perry Bt.: {10; flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 8M Market.
MCALLISTER, 1723. nr. Broderick— r. and b.;
rent $LT.. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery Bt.
PAGE, 127, between Octavif. and Gough— Flat
of 6 sunny rooms; $14 60.
POST, Bay-window flat of 5 sunny rooms;
modern Improvements; $13 a month.
SANSOME, -Handsome flat of 4 rooms and
bath; cheap to good parties.
SUTTER, 16138, nr. Octavla— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
TURK, 5108 and D— 2 sunny flats, 4 rooms and
bath; large basement; yard; rent $12 and $13;
no children.
T'l>l>l.*l> Rat r. w.^w. Utt. CU r^mla »» n #V
1 1 1 1 r.u 11:11, 0 mums, oam. o^i ljewis bl, on
Taylor, near Post.
VALENCIA, M 9, nr. l«th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINEH, 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gamery st.
WANTED— IIO tenants for flats and cottages,
$fi to $12. at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Mar-
ket st.
2 NICE sunny flats, 3 and 4 rooms: rent $9 and
$10. 2041 Harrison st., opposite Eighteenth.
$10— FLAT. 4 rooms: hall: double parlors. 18
Ia xLngton aye., near Elghtoenth st.
$10 AND $13— Sunny flats, 4 and 6 rooms; large
yard; modern. 137*4, Fair Oaks St.. nr. 23d.
$11- FLAT. 5 rooms ami bath. 124 Wildly st. ;
key at 2325 Pine St., bet. Fillmore and Stelner.
$20— NEW eholre sunny flat: all latest Improve-
ments. 170S Hyde »t~, near Broadway.
$15 — NEW modern sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath.
Jtlf.S Twenty-second St.. near Bryant.
Jl*> SO with water free and ashman: elegant
corner flat 5 front rooms; closet; gas fixtures,
yard. etc. Corner Oak Grove aye. and Harrl-
■on st.. between Fifth and Sixth.
$)'<— ELEGANT modern sunny flat. 7 rooms and
bath : nice view. 302$'-i Buchanan st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to 000.
BRYANT, 1101. corner of Ninth— Three front
rooms, completely furnished for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell— Bay-windows;
kitchens; others; single, en suite; $6 to $9.
BUENA VISTA aye., 449—8 furnished rooms for
huusekpg. ; piano; flowers; good view; bath.
BUSH. 675— Large front suite and separata
kitchen, with bath. $20; large sunny parlor,
2 beds, $10; with bath.
BUSH, 1203'i— 3 small furnished housekeeping
rooms and bath.
BUSH, 1238, near Larkin— 3 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms.
FIFTH. 353- Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
furnished. $20; also single, $5.
FOLSOM, 810 — Two front sunny rooms fur-
nished complete and neat for housekeeping;
no children.
FOLSOM, 1293, corner Ninth— Sunny bay-win-
dow suite; light housekeeping; also single
rooms; cheap.
GROVE, 129— Front rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Fine large sunny
room; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, S2l— Housekeeping; single, $6 up;
suite. $8 to £10.
HOWARD, 835*, New Philadelphia— Sunny
rooms; also housekeeping; gas, water, bath.
LARKIN. 433 — Nfatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; bay window; hot and cold water.
LEAVENWORTH, 515— Two nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; every convenience.
Me A LUSTER, 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas stove and bath.
MASON, 225— Sunny furnished bay-window
rooms; also housekeeping; rent reasonable.
NATOMA, 81, oor. Second— Sunny front house-
keeping room; alsu others; rent cheap; re-
spectable.
NATOMA, 645—2 or 3 furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
OAK, 119— Furnished front room; housekeep-
inn; $"i; see this.
PERRY, 174—2 nice large furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; hot arid cold water In kitchen;
bath.
POLK, R22— Three furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping: cheap to right party.
POLK, 607— Fine sunny suite parlors furnished
complete for housekeeping, $17; bedroom and
kit. hen, $8.
POLK, 611—1 or 2 nice large rooms with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; also nice
n!nule room.
POST, 617"rv— Unfurnished front and back par-
lor and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $15.
POWELL, 710—2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; kus; bath: yard; $10.
SHIPLEY, 261— Four housekeeping rooms; $6;
no children, dogs, cats; water and scav. free.
SIXTH U9A (The Piedmont)— 2 or 3 complete-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny rooms; complete for
housekeeping ; also single: very reasonable.
VALENCIA, 206—2 unfurnished bay-window
rooms; large: hot and cold water; $10.
VAN NESS, 518—2 sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $1».
OAKLAND HOI SISKEEIUNG ROOMS.
FIFTEENTH. 615— Lower floor; 8 clean, sunny
rooms: weparati* entrance; nice grounds.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
gunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell— Nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice Sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, S29M, and Maaon
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
BUSH, 675— Large sunny unfurnished suite,
with use bath, §13; furnished rm., 2 beds, $7.
CALIFORNIA, 1316— Small sunny front room;
gas, bath, closet; $6; references.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Sunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant, clean sunny rooms, $5
up; also housekeeping rooms; quiet home.
EDDY, 120 A —Nicely furnished rooms to let,
$1 60 per week up.
EDDY, 728— Suite of rooms, handsomely fur-
nished; dressing-room attached: also 1 large
front alcove room; board If desired.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 1800, cor. Pierce — Newly furnished
rooms, corner flat, sun all day; bath, hot and
cold water; no children.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 556 — Elegant sunny suite parlors; fine
location for doctor, dentist or studio; with
piano; hot and cold water, bath, gas; other
suites, single and double rooms; privileges of
light housekeeping.
GEARY,' 574— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for 2; bath and gas.
GEARY, 691— Newly furnished rooms.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also houfiekpng. : very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. SI to $4: reading room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 717— Nicely furnished
large room; bath and gas; $10.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water;
grate; private family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1404— Nice room, kitchen;
reasonable; also single room, $5.
GOUGH, 630—2 furnished sunny rooms; gas,
bath; suitable for lady or gentleman.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor 7 Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HYDE. 230 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, $10 and $15: nice sunny yard.
HYDE. nor. (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gaa, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate aye.— Nice
punny room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gaa
stove.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness—
Suites, single rooms: newly furnished.
MCALLISTER. 220H— Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall.
MCALLISTER, 611— Nice front suite; also front
single room; bath; gas; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
NORTHWEST cor. Fourth and Tehama sts.— 3
sunny unfurnished rooms to let.
OAK, 119—1 nicely furnished front room, short
walk from City Hall; good neighborhood.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 1307 — Large handsomely furnleh-
ed sunny room; within walking distance;
reasonable.
POLK, 709 — 2 large sunny front rooms, newly
furnlshed; . running water; private family;
' references.
PINE, 6SI— A large front room; running water;
large closet; reasonable terms.
PINE, 2915— Front and back parlor, furnished
or unfurnished. .-
POLK, Front sunny connecting unfur-
nished suite; also single room; nice and quiet.
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top ' floor; reasonable.
I POWELL, Sunny front room, unfurnished.
REDWOOD court, 4, off Howard, between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth sts.— Elegant suite
with bath;sS per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason Fur-
nlshed rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
■suites, $4 -to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and. cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SOUTH PARK, Sunny front room for lady
or gentleman; nicely furnished; rent $5.
SUTTER. 1003— Pleasant sunny suite, newly
furnished; also single room; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room
for . gentleman.
TURK, 127— Nicely furnished rooms from js3
and up per month; also housekeeping rooms.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3337. near Mission— 2 newlr
furnished rooms: $6 and $4. '.
VAN NESS, SoB— large, bright, sunny, parlor
suits; handsomely furnished; suitable for
physician or dentist: modern; fine location.
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; . thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board: beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable. -.- ,• . - •
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
PINE, 910— Sunny rooms; home cooking: baths
and. running water; fine loca'.ion; terms very
reasonable. ..-".■■■ '
SAN ' RAFAEL— Room . and board , for 1 or 2
gentlemen in private family, $30 per month;
nice location; 4 blocks from depot. Address
Postofflce box 76, San Rafael.-; ;! <• ■■■■..■■.~i.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, is 3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy-Select family board-
lng-housc: 'first class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THK ORIEL— elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, :. with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.. : ,
VAN NESS aye., 930— Beautiful sunny rooms;
newly furnished; excellent board If desired;
references. . .
CHILDREN BOARDED.
1 OR 2 c/.lldren to board in a quiet family;
rooms for parents If desired. 1606 Bush st.
ONE or 2 children to board in German family;
room for parents If desired. .." 439 Minna st.
FRENCH •- lady boards children \or < Infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st. :
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. >'
STORES TO LET.
CrTY~HHfl~Sauare. Il7~Large Tight
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st!
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome—
Handsome corner store, with large basement;
cheap. : r ,..,'.-. -:■■'■ ... ... .>. ,^ ;
TURK, 422, near Larlctn— $16. ASHTON
: & GARDINER, 4M Montgomery st. v V
1704 MARKET— of ha!r-dres3lng utore;
reasonable: opponlte Tenth nt. - ;■
OFFICES TO LET.
EMmX^SPREC KELsTbu li d rnß.^27"^ar^eTst^
Light, cheerful offices. »5 to $20. ;.
SAN ; FRANCISCO •_: Savings Union building—
r Eleerant offices for rent. ; . ' . ,
DENTISTS.
- ~ . .....
A FULL of teeth, - $5: : see "new; flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
.. teeth without plates, crown and bridcre work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and ■ warranted." Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.rnrTilth;
. no . charge - for extracting ; when plates are
■ made; nH plates ; made 'over like . new; teeth
from $8 per set; extract Ing," : 50c; gas given. j ;
DR. GEOROE i W.I LEEK, genuine : Leek i dent-
■ . Ist, ' discoverer ■:• of . : painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge * work "or ' teeth
without plate, removed from 6. t0 20 O'Farrell.'
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors;, full set
of teeth, : $"> :. up; fillings, 2fic up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
••■ Ings. 997 Market St., cor.' Sixth. - •
NEW YORK methods at New York prices ', by
, New York dentists. ?: Sixth and, Mission sts. ,;'
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE I and : F." TEAGUE,
■ removed to Call bldg.; 6th \ floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and • warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St. ., .: ; ■. ■,-:■ '■ ..; ■:;',■:
SET of teeth without a plate.: DR. H. C.
"YOUNG, 1841 Polk »t. s .-■•:. -",.-:.-
;-U£i (^■■/■r.:- STORAGE. ;•:.;.■;
P^KRC^mJDOL?sTs7cTa^Xnd^Movlng Co?;
office. Tenth and Market;. telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, . trunks, etc.'" H Golden ; West Stor-'
, age warehouse, S4O Mission st. ; tel. ; Mint 182 L |
CITY REAL ESTATE. "■•■•
100 ACRES or more In Visitation~Valley^San
• Mateo County, 'on county line. * Inquire 546
Clay st. ' ■■.•■•.-, •'..: . ' ■ •; - ;;■
$600— MUST sell; 4 room cottage and 3 lots;
25x125 each; on Broad < aye. THISTLETON, .
272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View. : f, ;•
FOR SALE— Twenty-first st., nr. Bryant new
7-room cottage: open to-day from 1 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY, Builder. 1207 Market st.
HOUSE of\4 rooms, large barn, windmill,'
plenty of water; lot 110x114, or will lease. 4338
Army st.. near Diamond. .-■■ • ■: ' - ,- ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$6000— FORTY acres, 18 miles from Oakland,'
near town and station; rich land; good
for. sugar beets, alfalfa, vegetables or fruit;
8 acres orchard; good house, barn, granary;
5 chicken houses, 2 horses, cow, poultry; and
farm tools; this Is a money-making ranch.
GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny St.
$3 50 PER acre, 900-acre stock ranch, Sonoma
County, on county road, all well fenced and
cross fenced, abundance of water and timber;
7-room house and outbuildings; 14 acres vine-
yard and orchard; easy terms: big bargain.
C. F. MOORE, 935 Market st, room 4.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year. '
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
10 ACRES at Lawndale Station; 4-room house;
barn; fine well; rich deposit loam; no adobe;
two-thirds in fruit, one-third in bearing; fine
climate; want house in Oakland, Berkeley or
San Francisco.: WILLIAM P. TODD & CO.,
1050 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
SOUTH front lot, 1 block south of U. C; com-
plete; bearing fruit trees; will build 9-room
house complete for $3500; small cash payment;
balance same as rent. Address M. L.
WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
WHARF for rent in Oakland, at foot of Wash-
ington and Clay sts.; frontage of about 380
feet on harbor line: area about 200,000 square
feet. Apply to HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050
Broadway.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
public: propprtv looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR SALE— Furniture of 4-room house; also
chickens; house to let. 1668 Fifth Bt., West
Oakland. !
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; ent cheap; cen-
tral: RB9 24th St., nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and rooms In newly furnished house;
central location. 613 17th St., near Grove.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single: board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway. *
FINE sunny eulte: also fiunny clngle room; ▼»-
cant June 1. THF, * '"VT!.'- *" 'Rlrhth »t.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE r '. household goods this w«elc
SCHFT.LHAAR' nlrt Ptor*. 4<VJ Vlnvonth St.
j t ii mv\ • j nirnn mmni in t mn
ALAMEDA AMMIIbMMIS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
— LOT 30x125: elegant location; street work
done. $1500 — New 6-room cottage on Grand Bt. ;
2 blocks from Grand st. station. $3000— Elegant
new colonial cottage, 7 rooms and bath;
. Chestnut st. station; easy terms. — Fine
7-room cottage; modern In every way; lot 50
xl 50; stable, etc.; Morton st. station; will
exchange for San Francisco property. Bar-
gains in all parts of Alameda. Alameda Land
Co., 1500 Park St., Alameda.
$800— LOT 50 feet front, west Fide Grand Ft. :
$1250, lot Alameda aye. and Paru St.; $1200.
new 5-room cottage on Grand st. ; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette St.. near
Pan Antonio • aye. ; $1000, 10 acres, right at
Fruitvale; also chicken ranch; bargains in
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
-IPOO Park St., Alameda. : • . \-
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
25x115; 5 rooms and. bath; all new improve-
ments: 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station: 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
5-ROOM furnished cottage tc let: all modern
improvements. Apply GEO. SCHWEIDER,
936 Park St., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station; also
E-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. , above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; tel. ; Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st. j
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm.. 3.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests
iin estates -a - specialty. H. MURPHY, 636
i Market st. . <
MONEY to loan; $1000 at low rate of Interest;
, private parties. ;• Box 75, Call office.
$25 AND upwards on pianos, furniture, real
estate. Address box 157; Call office. ■ ;.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates:
« no commission; private. ' 116 McAllister st.. jj
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg'.;
any proposition. Dryd<»n, 413 Montgomery St.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 '. Post St.— Book-
i keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering: sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
-uates placed since. 1892: catalogue. .. '■.-•..■•_
NEW., assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform o>
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncaid <at her
E school of elocution and expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st. .. . .'
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. :
vlaual instruction in snorinana, xyping,
bookkeeping,, telegraphy, „ etc.; : life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month. -
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 1247
Franklin st. : co-educatlonal boarding and day
' school; complete t English, . French. German
and Spanish education, art, $30. / ,
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In .Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough, room 672, Parrott building. ';.;~;
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry. Ph.B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics.. U. C. 2407 8. , Atherton.
nr. Charming way. Berkeley : write i forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mm•-
• ing mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
': est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LADY will teach Spanish; 25c a lesson. 417
: Mason st., ; room S. -. ".":*; : •', ''-,' •' ■■-.';'
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
, pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHA * taught In 1 month; references
•private lessons: terms $10. > 712 Van -Ness aye.
; : : '- ; .•" •/.. LEGAIIf NOTICES. ' " V-";
NOTICE — Assessment Book : of Real and Per-
:■ '.' eonal Property/ ; 1898.— Office iof the : Clerk of
■ , Board jof • Supervisors of the city • and county
of San Francisco,. City Hall -building, second
floor. July 6,. 189 S. -<'.;-; v . . »v '
■ Public i notice Is . hereby given, In accordance
wuii section No. ■ 3654 of - the i Political Code,
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of San . Francisco, ; for ' the fiscal year
I IS9B, i has been completed and : delivered | to I me.
as Clerk of ; the 1 >ard iof Super .. ora, i together
with | the map - books : and \ statements, » and : will
be open > for examination jln . this office ■ from : 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m., and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the ■ assessment of
property therein, on = Tuesday -. afternoon, July
B, 189 S. at ; 2 o'clock, : and will * mereafter ■ con-
tinue Sln ; session from time .. to - time until the
business of equalization ; presented . to - them • is
'disposed of,. but not later than the 18th day of
July. - IS9B. -..;/'.. ■■■■';:..■ .■ : -•■-:'■. -v;v ■^-■:. : - ,; .' ;
-i Application* for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath. - : ; ' .;■•-, .: ■ 1 :■ . - ;.
j>i Public • notice ,Is I also given i that, in accord-
ance with % sections • 1597, 1899 ' i.nd 3654 of » the
Political Code, the « Military Roll ha» been' com-
j pleted, I delivered , over to me, , and | Is , now open
I for examination and correction, as provided by
| law. : ;. . JNv. ;A. RUSSELL. Clerk. ■-'
HORSES.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO, postage
free.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lte-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE.
FRESH Jersey cow and calf for sale at 307
Thirtieth st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They mu3t be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JANUARY— In this city, July 9, IS9B, to the-
wife of P. T. January, a son.
ROSENTHAL— In this city, July R. 1898, to the
wife of Alfred Rosenthal. a daughter.
SHEFLAN— In this city, July S, 1888, to the
wife of Samuel Sheflan, a daughter.
DIKD.
Ahrens, Henry C. Landmann, Marion
Coleman, Ellen McCarthy, Cornelius
Christiansen, Nanny Mi Murphy, Olivia L.
Crane, Henry F. McCattley, Ambrose
Chapman, Lizzie Murray, riessie
Cohn, Charles Morris. Thomas
Daly, Thomas Nunenmacher (ln-
Dyer, James L. fant)
Green, George G. O'Leary, Julia
Greves, Mary Stanley, Mrs*. F. L.
Hadler. Frida M. Shindleberger, F. W.
Kennedy, Thomas J. Zerr, Frank
AHRENS— In this city, July 10. is r <8, Henry
Christian, beloved husband of the late < 'ath-
erine Ahrens, and brother of Charles Ahrens
and Mrs. M. Hartmann, a native of Hol-
stein, Germany, aged 7S years 11 months and
20 days.
COLEMAN —In this city, July 10, WB,
at her residence, 131(5 Hayes street, Ellen,
beloved wife of Daniel H. Ooleman, mother
of Edward H., Daniel G., Joseph J. and Wil-
liam T. Coleman, sister of E. P. and the late
Patrick Enright, and aunt of the late Joseph
Enright, a native of Ballylongford, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 54 years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereai .^r.
CHRISTIANSEN- In this city. July 10. IW.
Nanny Sophie, only and beloved daughter of
Chris and Sophie Christiansen, and sister of
Otto, Frank and William Christiansen, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 25
days.
ETFuneral private to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, from the residence of her
parents, 3763 Twentieth street, near Guer-
rero. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CRANE— In Oakland. July 10. 1898, Henry Fay-
ette Crane, a native of Vermont, aged 65
years 5 months and 10 days.
CHAPMAN— In this city, July 10, 1898, Lizzie,
beloved wife of the late Andrew J. Chap-
man, and mother of Edward Pendleton.
Louise Chapman and Ida lVndleton, a na-
tive of North Carolina, aged r>4 years.
COHN— In this city, July 10, 1808. Charles Cohn,
father of Anna and Sarah Cohn, a native of
Poland, aged 46 years.
DALY— In this city, July 9, 1898, Thomas,
dearly beloved hushand of Catherine Daly,
and father of Frank. Edward and David
Daly, Mrs. P. Scully and the late Mrs. J.
Galiagher, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aped 73 years.
[TT'Friends and acquaintances are r<»spr»ct-
iuuy lliviieu 10 am iii iuc luuciai 1111^ unj
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 441 Ivy avenue, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fell and Fill-more streets,
for services, commencing at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
DYER— In this city, July 10, 1898, James Louis,
dearly beloved son of Emily and the late
Jamea L. Dyer, and brother of Laura S. and
Emily M. Dyer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years and 9 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2517 Gough street, between
Green and Vallejo. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city, at the Potrero, July 10,
IS9B, George G., beloved husband of Rebecca
Green, and father of George A. Green, a na-
tive of Ireland. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers
please copy.)
ET'The funeral will take . • lace to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 19 Georgia street, Potrero. Interment
private. Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
GREVES— In this city. July 8, IS9B, Mary, be-
' loved wife of Hiram Greves, mother of Nellie
Greves, and daughter of Mrs. Ellen Mitchell,
\ a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
[^Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher. 20 Fifth street..
HADLER— In this city. July 10, 189S, Frida M.,
dearly beloved daughter of Henry and
Francisca Hadler, a native of Petaluma,
■ aged 6 months and 23 days.
KENNEDY— In this (ity, July 10, IS9S, Thomas
Joseph, dearly beloved and only son of Ed-
ward and Annie Kennedy, brother of The-
rese, Elizabeth and Genevieve Kennedy, and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Edward E. Mealy,
i a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years 10
months and 5 days.
- E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11. o'clock,- from the residence
of his parents, 16 Gilbert street, thence to
St. Rose's Church for services. - Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ... •:-.■; .
LANDMANN— In, this city, July 9, 1895. Marion,
beloved wife of J. C. Landmann, and mother
of C F A. H. and Gussle Landmann. Min-
nie Young and Mrs. H. Will Guthrie of
Cleveland, Ohio, a native of London, aged 71
I years.
E7" Friends and acfiuajntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this .lay
(Monday); at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 410 Octavia street. * Interment. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. ; •
MCCARTHY— A month' s] mind mass* will be
celebrated to-morrow (Tuesday),' at 7:30
o'clock, for the repose of the soul of., the late
Cornelius McCarthy, at St. . Rose's. Church;
Branhan street, near Fourth. Friends are mc-
c vited to attend. . . ".•'-.
McMURPHY— In North Temescal, July 9. 189 S.
Olivia L., beloved wife of F. W. McMurphy,
i mother of Valentine, Olivia, Gordon and Em-
mett ; ; McMurphy, and daughter of the late
■ Maurice and Margaret Carey, a native of
Portland, Or., aged 29 years and 6 months.
- E?"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. William Kuhn, 179
1 Perry ! street, thence to St. Rose's Church
. for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
■i tery., . •••• '
McCAULKY— In this city, July 10, IS9B, Am-
1 brose McCauley; a native of Belfast. Ireland,
aged 43 years.
" IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1559 Market street, between
: Eighth and Ninth, thence, to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery. . , . .
MURRAY— In the City and County Hospital.
" July "10;;189S. Bessie Murray, a native of Ire-
• land, aged 4S years. : . .
MORRIS— In this city, July 9. IS9B. Thomas,
husband of Margaret Morris, and father; of
Honora. Mary and James Morris, a native
of Castle Island, County Kerry, Ireland, aged
50 years. .
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 160 First street. Interment Holy. Cross
Cemetery. ..' !
NUNENMACHER— In Oakland. July 10, IS9B.
infant daughter of - Robert H. and Annie
Nunenmacher, a native of Oakland, aged 21
dayß.
OLEARY— this city, July 10, IS9S. Julia,
dearly beloved mother of Mary O'Leary and
-. Mrs. M. J. Hayes, sister of the late Mrs.
Dennis Bowen and the late Andrew Turner,
and aunt Mrs, C. J. Barron, Thomas ;A.
Turner and the late T. P. Ryan, a native of
Mallon, County Cork. Ireland. ■ ■ . . - -. .'.
* Friends > and acquaintances are ■ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, her late resi-
dence,: 457 Jessie street.' thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, "* where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at !10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
STANLEY— In Ukiah, Mendocino County. Mrs.
Fanny. L. 1 Stanley. "(New : England papers
please copy.) - •
" ; (T7" Funeral services this day (Monday), at
the residence of Samuel B. Stanley, 2300
liwight way, Berkeley. . Interment private. 1
SHINGLEBERGER— In Rutherford, Napa
County, July 10, ' 1898, • Francis W. Shlngle-
berger, a" native of ■ Germany, aged 78 years.
(Philadelphia papers please copy).
i. Funeral ;at <• I." O. uO. '■-. F. Crematorium
to-morrow (Tuesday), at : 11 o'clock. Funeral
and -Incineration rrivate. _ ;'..;.:;,
ZERR— In " Bollnas, July 10, ": IS9S. Frank Zerr
; (Sayers), dearly: beloved i husband of ' Marie
Zerr, and. dearly .beloved father of the lato
Mrs." Mary Matson.' Mrs. 'Captain Anderson,
Mrs. C. H. Koehncke ■; and Ijoulse. Albert.
" Wallace, > Frank ■■ and - Adolph Zerr, a'• native
?of F ranc? aged 69 years. :g;.' . ; ' . ii
(C^Friends . and acquaintanres are respect-
, fully invited to attend. the. funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at Bollnas.: at 1 o'clock.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. / ;.
FCKKItAL DIRECTOKS it KiIBA.L,iIE&J
•/.V ■!«• iITTH ST., Opp. Lincola Soajjl. ,-i_
' Telephone, South jO^ '-J : - ■'^ £__
I v--:: H. B. H'ATOV. Manager. ■,-•.-.
I ~ /Vlc/WOY «fc CO., j
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER* I
I \ ■-■:*. i- 1236 Market St, between Bth and Bth.
■_.;.: ' •-- - Telephone. South 247. -■ - , ■-■■ ]
■■■■BiaHi^waKKMißmHnnKaiaßi
910
POPULISTS
ARE SPOILING
FOR A FIGHT
Delegates Hurry to Sacramento
Bristling With Individual
Ideas for Capturing the
State Convention.
There is a red cloud in the Populistic
sky, and it will produce a thunderstorm
when the convention meets in Sacra
mento to-day. The old contention of
fusion vs. middle-of-the-road is raging
as it raged two years ago this month
In St. Louis, and it will rage all the
more bitterly now because the old
wound has been reopened and the
vitriol of defeat and ingratitude has
been poured into the old sores.
The middle-of-the-road men earn'
within their ranks several who voted
for fusion in the national convention,
but who have been taught the bitter les
son of Democratic treachery and they
are angry and resentful. Their oppo
nents — chiefly disgruntled Democrats
masquerading as Populists — are blood
thirsty. With Maguire and Buckley,
they say that they control the Populist
party of this State, and that they pro
pose to retain their power, no matter
what the rank and file may think or
say.
The San Francisco delegates left yes
terday afternoon and they went in two
trains, one at 4 and the other at 6
o'clock. While waiting at the ferry the
factions did not display any of that
brotherly love which is so great a fad
with the People's party man. On the
other hand, they glowered and sniffed
at one another and gave the classy eya
and the marble heart to the opposi
tion. Some of them significantly
Whistled "There'll Come a Time Some
Day" when you won't be making hay,
or words to that effect, the aforesaid
hay representing the emoluments of
office.
Thomas V. Cator and Carleton John
son, two of the brightest and most en
ergetic workers in the party, were in
the throng, but they did not say much.
They had succeeded in taking a fall
out of the Buckley-Maguire combine
and they were sawing the wood of dis
cretion. Cator has a powerful follow
ing of friends who appreciate his abil
ity and his efforts in the cause.
T. W. H. Siianahan, the tall syca
more of Shasta, Assembly Dryden from
Ban Diego and Keegan of Santa Rosa
were the most conspicuous of the
group. Dryden is a great speaker, and
his record of twenty-two hours on the
Bilver question has never been equaled.
Keegan is not long-winded, but when
he gets warmed up and opens his
mouth there are thunderbolts in the
Bky.
They talked about the weather and
THE AKTt- RAZOR FAftTV WHO itAVE TODAY FOR SACRAfifNTO » • • •
everything but politics. Cator's talks
were of a confident'^l nature and not
to be heard by th^.jasser by or the
stander by, but his work is always ef
fective, for he has earned the reputa
tion of being a winner.
The gossip on the way Is that the
Buckley- Maguire-Gallagher combine
will force the fight for Maguire accord
ing to the old time bulldozing methods
of the ward primaries in which Buck
ley is the acknowledged master, and
that the convention will be bulldozed
into adopting gag law rules to be en
forced against the opposition and to
be tacitly suspended whenever a Buck
ley lamb desires to bleat. If there is
anything that a Populist hates and
despises more than anything else la the
world It is the tactics of the ward boss
in politics, but there is no escape with
out a fight, for, as a Buckley lamb at
the ferry expressed it, "The middle-of
the-roads are up against it."
The fight against the Thugs, how
ever, is being well organized, and when
the curtain rises on the convention
there will be several dramatic situa
tions not at all to the liking of the
Democratic clique, the members of
which have cast themselves for star
parts in the play.
The Blue and the
Gray.
The Rev. C. E. Locke at the Central
Methodist Church lectured last night on
the happy combination of th»- blue and
the gray In the present struggle against
Spain.
"There is but one color now," said tho
preacher, "and this Is the blue of the
United States, blended with the red
white and blue in Old Glory. No North'
no South, no East, no West, but one
united people, ready and willing to fight
and die for one country— their own coun
try, one of the greatest and grandest on
earth.
Robbed by a Woman.
W. W. Ryan, 1201 Market street, report
ed to the police yesterday that a woman
Tjt d »H ro^ bed hlm of $6 ° ln a room at 21
i.'i 11 " ,, BB * reet earl y yesterday morning. He
did not know the woman's name, but was
able to give a good description of her
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JULY 11, 1898.
REUNITED
BY THE WAR
TWO soldiers, one from Tennessee, one from lowa, clasped hands,
and said no word. Into the eyes of each there came tears. There
was much to say, but they were silent for a time, for there are
moments when heart communes with heart. These men were
brothers. They had supposed each that the other was dead. At
last they had met. The Fortune of War, touched by kindly caprice, had
thrown them together.
Tears ago in Burlington, lowa, there was a happy family, by name
Rohledar. Five boys and two girls had come to the household, and
there was prosperity and happiness. Between two of the boys there was
an affection peculiarly strong. As lads they were inseparable. But
reverses came, poverty invaded the home, death laid its hand on the
head of the house, and the boys were sent into the world to provide for
themselves. The two, Julius and Charles drifted apart. One started
for the West, the other sought the East. To neither was the strug
gle of life easy. Faithfully they strove, and yet the willing efforts
were not crowned with success. Then they lost trace of each other,
and not hearing, concluded that nothing but death could have come to
divide them. Each believed the other had been called away.
There was heard the summons to war and the brothers answered.
Charles came down from the mountains of Tennessee to enlist, and
joined the First of that State. Julius was mustered in at Creston,
lowa, and Joined the Fifty-first. Neither knew where his regiment was
going. They had visions of Cuba, but both regiments were ordered to
this city on the way to the Philippines. They have been here for
weeks, receiving their equipment, becoming perfected in the manual of
arms, being made into soldiers.
The long drill was over. Just as the sun was setting, and the hills
of the Presidio were glowing to his farewell touch, the various regi
ments started to march back to camp. The Fifty-first lowa had halt
ed for a space. As its ranks stood motionless, the First Tennessee
swept by, and the guns of the lowans came to a "present." The men
viewed their passing comrades at arms with passive interest. They
were tired with the burden of the day. Yet they looked on, perhaps to
compare the military bearing of the Southerners with their own.
From a man in Company B of the Fifty-first came a sharp cry,
"Julius!" No discipline could have kept It back. A look from a Ten
nesseean, who could not pause, and there was an answering cry,
"Charles!" Across the lapse of years brother had remembered brother!
and as their eyes met there was in each the light of the old affection!
That was all. Tennessee kept on. As the sunset gun boomed, there
was the order, "Forward, march," and lowa followed. But the soldiers
nearby, although they could not talk then, knew that into the wind
swept drill ground had come a color of romance. In the quick ex
change of glances, the involuntary cry and the response, they knew
there was a story.
When ranks were broken the men sought each other. "When they
met they clasped hands, two sun- burned toil-hardened hands. Thus
clasped in fervent pressure they gazed at each other. They saw the
changes time had wrought. Boys they had parted, soldiers they met,
but they were brothers still. What they said when first emotions had
permitted them to have voice, how they rehearsed the days of youth,
how they wondered that at last they had been united, all this concerns
them, and not the outsider, even though sympathy had been touched,
and the beauty of the incident appealed to human instinct. For blood
is thicker than water, and these are of one blood.
But doubtless under the tents of Camp Merritt there is more Joy
than before the meeting, and with new zest, two gallant soldiers will go
forth to battle.
HIS BLOW MAY
PROVE FATAL
Grace Rodgers Dying
From a Beating .
RESULT OF A QUARREL
CHARLES SCOTT, HER ASSAIL
ANT, UNDER ARREST.
Her Left Side Is Paralyzed and She
Is Unable to Speak — the
Name of the Accused
Han.
Grace Rodgers, a prepossessing young
woman, who Is said to be well connected,
1b dying from the effects of a blow which
she received on the evening of July 4 at
the hands of Charles Scott, who is said
to be her lover.
The pair, so it is claimed, had a trivial
dispute in front of an O'Farrell-street
resort, which culminated in Scott strik
ing hfs helpless victim a terrific blow in
the neck. The unfortunate woman stag
gered as If badly hurt," and finally fell
unconscious to the sidewalk. Scott, evi
dently realizing that she was seriously
injured, took to his heels and disap
peared.
Several' bystanders, on learning where
the woman lived, took her to her room.
The landlady at once summoned a doctor,
who discovered that her left side wat,
paralyzed, presumably from the effects
of the blow. She was unable to speak,
and It was with difficulty that she man
aged to write the name of her brutal
assailant on a strip of paper. Yesterday
her condition became worse, and hei
friends decided to notify the police.
Several officers were immediately de
tailed to find Scott, but it was not until
last night that he was caught. He was
located by Special Officer Huey Smith in
a saloon on O'Farrell street, and sent to
the California-street station, where his
name was registered on the detinue book.
Scott, it is understood, positively denies
that he struck the Rodgefs woman. He
claims that she fell down, her head strik
ing against the pavement, causing paraly
sis of the side.
Notwithstanding his protestation of in
nocence the police say they have several
witnesses who saw Scott strike the un
fortunate victim.
Last night it was reported to the police
that the woman was in a serious condi
tion and likely to die.
Scott will be held pending the result
of her injuries.
Christian Commission Meeting.
The Christian Qommission will hold a
mass meeting to-night at the association
building. Mason and Ellis street, at which
time brief reports of their work will be
presented by Mrs. C. S. Wright, presi
dent of the Mothers' Club, and the Chris
tian Commission work in general. There
will be special music by the Columbian
Orchestra, Knickerbocker Quartet and
addresses by Rev. Dr. Dillo and others.
The public is Invited.
DRIVEN MAD
BY CRUELTY
Pitiable Condition of
Mary Vanier.
BECAME A RAVING MANIAC
THREATENED BY HER HUSBAND
SHE LOSES HER MIND.
Kind Neighbors Interfere— She and
Her Two Small Children Taken
in Charge by the
Police.
Mary Vanlcr, an attractive middle-aged
woman, is locked up in a padded cell In
the Receiving Hospital, a hopeless
maniac. Yesterday it was found neces
sary to place her in a straitjacket, as the
hospital attendants feared that she
would injure herself.
Some time ago the unfortunate
woman's husband was arrested for
cruelty to his five-year-old girl, and on
conviction was sent to the Branch County
Jail for six months. He was discharged
on July B and at once proceeded to get
drunk. Returning to his former home he
attempted to enter, but was denied ad
mittance by his wife. With an oath he
picked up an ax which he found in the
rear yard and started to chop down the
door. Becoming alarmed for her safety
Mrs. Vanier hid in a closet, hoping to
elude her angry husband. After gaining
an entrance Vanier searched the house,
but failed to find his wife. Evldentv de
termined to locate her, Vanier at once
went to a house on Octavia street where
his eldest daughter is employed as a
nursegirl. He appealed to her to find her
mother, as he wanted to see her on im
portant business, as he expressed it. Re
alizing that he was under the influence of
liquor, the girl refused to have anything
to do with him and had him ejected from
the houße.
Last Saturday night the sergeant at the
North End Station was Informed by a cit
izen that he feared something had hap
pened to Mrs. Vanier. as she had not been
seen for several days. The unfortunate
woman lived in a humble cottage on
Broadway, near Van Ness avenue, and
the neighbors, not seeing her, induced one
of their number to notify the police, as
they feared that she had met with foul
Play.
Several police officers were immediately
dispatched to the scene, and after con
siderable trouble they managed to force
an entrance to the house.
Kneeling on the bare floor, with her two
children locked in her embrace, and be
seeching the Almighty to save her from
the wrath of her husband, was Mrs. Van
ier, a raving maniac. She paid no atten
tion to the officers as they entered, but
continued her supplication, apparently
oblivious of their presence.
Touched by the fervor of her religious
invocation, the officers at first hesitated
to arrest her, but realizing that she might
Injure herself or her children they de
cicied to take her into custody. The un
fortunate woman offered no objection
when one of tnem placed his hand on her
arm and informed her that she was under
arrest. She was at once taken to the in
sane ward of the Receiving Hospital and
placed in a padded cell. A short time af- j
terward she became violently insane, and |
It was found necessary to strap her down.
Yesterday afternoon Officer McMurray
of the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children took charge of two of her I
offspring and booked them for some public
institution. They are Leland, aged 5
years, and CoIHb, aged 3 years. The po
lice claim that Vanier's threatening atti
tuda drove his wlfa insana- |
SNOW FALL
TOO LIGHT
The Northern California
Mines Shut Down.
ONLY A TWENTY DAYS' RUN
BIG NUGGETS BUT A SCARCITY
OF 'W-.TER.
Shortest Season in the History of
the State — Famous Old Mines
Are Being Beopened and
Developed.
For the first time in the history of
placer mining in the State the miners of
the northern counties have been com
pelled by the lack of water to close down
at this early date and await the time to
begin operations next spring. Several
well-known mining men have arrived in
San Francisco to dispose of their gold,
among the first being F. M. Spencer and
Daniel Doherty of Gibsonville and J. J.
Coughlin of Donnerville. They bring very
unsatisfactory reports of the results of
this season's work, but state that it is
not the fault of the mines.
"We struck a bad year," said Mr. Spen
cer, yesterday, "and it was all due to the
remarkable light snowfall. In the aver
age season we pet fifteen feet of snow in
Plumas and Sierra counties, but this year
there was only a fall of three feet. As a
consequence, we had hardly got our mines
in good working order before we had to
close down for lack of water. Usually we
have from eighty to ninety days to wash
gravel, but this year we could only ope
rate twenty days. There are six well
known hydraulic mines in our section,
that yield as handsome, coarse gold as
can be found anywhere. The dust I have
just sold to the smelting works would
have made as fine a display in the matter
of size of nuggets as the average of any
lot that has come from the famous Klon
dyke. The large nuggets ran from one
dollar to sixty and seventy dollars a
piece. We got our share of them while
the water lasted, and hope to have an
extra long run next year. On account of
the usual heavy snowfall the mines can't
be reached from the outside before June
1, and those who want to spend the win
ter in the outer world must leave by De
cember 1, unless they can travel on snow
shoes.
"In our section, the output for the sea
son has been only about one-quarter of
the average yield. The mining regions
farther to the south, where they have
ditches from fifty to seventy mile* long
and facilities for preventing the water
from going to waste, will fare better than
we have and ought to be able to make
a good run.
"Capital is beginning to recognize the
value of the mines in Sierra and Placer
counties, as shown by the fact that the
famous Thistle mine, about two miles
from Gibsonville, is being worked by a
Scotch syndicate which is developing a
great gravel deposit and now has a shaft
down 500 feet working in good ground.
The Gold Bluff mine which was once a
great producer, but was abandoned by
reason of bad management, has been bond
ed by two New York capitalists, who are
pumping out the old shaft and will sink
on the same ledge in the hope of strik
ing another lead. They are almost cer
tain to win. At the Mountain quartz
mine, which has been idle for some time,
Eastern capitalists will begin with a
large force and operate a 40-stamp mill.
The Pilot Peak gravel mine starts up
with a good shift. It has been bonded by
Plumas Turner, the well-known mining
man; and at the Allegheny and Forest
City mines preparations are being made
for extensive operations."
"There is a large field in our section
that has never been prospected," said Mr.
Coughlin, "and I intend to start on a
long prospecting trip shortly. Capital
ists that are overlooking that region are
making a mistake, for money is all that |
is needed to develop some fine mines."
SPORT IN SHELL AND
SKIFF AT EL CAMPO
THE SPECIAL MATCH RACE ENDS
IN A WALKOVER.
Pape Wins the Senior Outrigged
Skiff Event From Four Com
petitors in Very Good
Time.
The skiff and shell races postponed from
June 26th on account of the rough water
took place yesterday at El Campo— that
Is, some of, them did. But the most inter
esting event, that in which the public at
tention was centered, the special match
race between A. \V. Pape, of the Dolphins,
and William McCausland of the Ariels,
resulted in a walk-over, much to the dis
appointment of a large number of specta
tors. The day was brilliant and, though
a moderate breeze was blowing, it did
not seriously incommode the scullers.
The Pape-McCausland race was set
down for 1 o'clock, and a few minutes af
ter that hour Pape was ready at the start
ing-line, but McCausland, though he had
come over by the 10:30 boat, was not ready
to row and was disappointed in getting
sculls belonging to Patch, who wanted
them himself in the Senior outrigged skiff
race, and did not feel disposed to lend
them for an earlier event. No suitable
pair being obtainable, McCausland desir
ed the Regatta Committee to postpone the
match till after the Senior skiff race, but
Pape. who wished to pull in that event,
was not ready to consent to this. So the
Regatta Committee determined to adhere
to the schedule, and Pape was sent over
the course, making the very good time of
13 minutes and 8 seconds.
The Senior shell race, for which H.
Witkopf of the Ariels and J. W. Lynn
of the Stockton Athletic Club were en
tered, resulted in another disappointment,
the Stockton man not being on the spot.
So Wlttkoff rowed over the course by
himself: time, 14 minutes and 50 seconds, j
i ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ri^g in I 'ill 9^s£2^^d^^SS2&^y^S^m^SS22&^i7^
2)
FREE! I
I A large photograph of the I
| Volunteers departing for Manila, f
I size 11x13, valued at one dollar, J
I given away with every pu rchase i
I one dollar and over. Be sure f
I and ask for same. S. N. WOOD I
j & CO., 718: Market st. " * I
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
THREE
BARGAINS!
During the entire month of July, and
prior to our semi-annual stock-taking, we
will offer SPECIAL BARGAINS in all our
departments.
This week we have placed on sale
the following extraordinary cheap lines :
75 pieces Double-width Novelty DRESS GOODS, In BAYA-
DERES, CHECKS, STRIPES, PLAIDS and MIXTURES, all
this season's importations.
Price, 25g Yard.
Former prices 50c, 60c and 75c yard.
600 pieces best quality DOMET TENNIS FLANNEL, all hand-
some styles, in PLAIDS, STRIPES, CHECKS and plain
colors, all new goods.
Price, T2C Yard.
Regular value lOc yard.
50 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, with extra heavy fringes,
full 3 yards in length. They are In the following
colors : REDS, OLIVES, BLUES, BROWNS and MYRTLE.
Price, $3.00 Pair.
Regular value $4.50 pair.
NOTE,— We have also received and will place on
sale this week three cases best quality COTTON COVERT
CLOTHS, and a large shipment of extra quality WHITE
CORDED ENGLISH PIQUES.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET
The third event produced the first race
of the day. Victor Caglieri of the Dol
phins was the only one of the three com
petitors in the first heat of the Junior
outrigged skiffs on June 26 who kept his
boat from swamping and went over the
course. In the second heat C. Ochs of the
Pioneers and William Howe of the Ariels
took first and second plaoe. In the final
heat, rowed yesterday, C. Ochs had the
outside station. Caglieri the middle and
Howe the inside. Up to the stake-boat
Ochs was in the lead, followed by Cag
lieri and Howe. After rounding the stake
boat the same order was kept, and Ochs
came home an easy winner. Time. 13
minutes 31 seconds. Caglieri's time was
13 minutes and 52 seconds. Howe did not
finish.
For tue fourth and last event, the Sen
ior outrigged skiff race, five competitors
presented themselves: A. W. Pape and
W. O. Patch of the Dolphins. F. Avers
and Chester Ayers of the Alamerlas and
H. Wittkopf of the Ariels. Pape had the
inside station, Wittkopf the next. Patch
the center, F. Ayers the next and C.
Avers the outside.
Pape went off at a very quick stroke
and took the lead, followed by F. Ayers.
After the turn Pape was still in the lead,
followed by the Ayers brothers. Pape
won as he liked by six lengths, followed
hv F. Ayers, C. Ayers, W. O. Patch and
H A Wittkopf in the order named.
Pape's time was 13 minutes 1 second; F.
Ayers', 13 minutes 18 seconds; C. Ayers',
13minutes and 26 seconds: W. O. Patch's,
13 minutes and 38 seconds: H. A. Witt
kopf's, 13 minutes and 50 seconds. The
course was one and a half miles, with a
turn: a moderate breeze and fairly
smooth water.
The bar<re races will take place at El
Campo on Sunday, July 24, and should
produce some good sport.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
Charg«d With Burglary.
William Baker, a saddler, and a friend
got into a state of intoxication early yes
terday morning and made their way into
the kitchen of 26 Chesley street, occupied
by John Censlus. He was awakened by
the noise and notified Policeman Murphy.
When Murphy reached the house the two
intruders were asleep on the floor, and
when he roused them up Baker's friend
escaped. Baker was in a fighting humor
and had to be clubbed into submission
After two scalp wounds had been stitched
and dressed at the Receiving Hospital he
was taken to the City Prison, where a
charge of burglary was booked against
him.
Selling good foods keeps us
busy-so many people want the best
there Is to eat. By the way, do you
know there's hardly an item listed
below but has its imitation
Don't get fooled
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— regularly 50c 1b 40C
Ten flavors
You will pay no more for tea at retail on
account of the revenue duty. Teas usually sold
p- -^ at 35c at thes« sales must now be 40c but they'ro
well worth 60c
Some teas cost less this year and we are willing
to make less profit In order to Increase our tea
business— that pays the revenue
Claret— regularly 50c gallon 7£r } $"C
It's good claret and so cheap
No increase on account of the revenut
Royan sardines-re ya oc«n i cc
With truffle and pickle-excellent relish
Tomato catsup-r *« bonu i
Our bottling, both natural and sweet
Mackerel in olive oil 20c
regularly 40c tin
A rare treat in the way of fish— twlc«
as big a tin as good sardines at the
same price
Pine apple -* 3 tins r;oc
2-lb tins are sliced and cored— prepared
especially for our fine family trade
3-lb tins have each a whole pine
i-lb" tins are pine apple jelly, price 25c
All prepared in Singapore
Olives— Manzanilla \^q,
- regularly 20c — Don't pay
fancy prices for olives in bottles
with pretty — buy in bulk,
this way, get same goods for half the
money
Furniture beater r i q-'c
regularly 20c
Rattan, long handle, looks like a tennis .
racket and beating furniture with it
would be fun if it wasn't for the dust
it brings out
Ice Cream freezers ft
quarts 2346 B|
reg'ly $1.75 2.102.50 3.00 Jl
special 1.50 1.80 2.15 2.55 f&ffJ9fe
You surely want a freezer at
these prices. fSpJMH t7>
The Magic Is a triple action 'J^S 1 .■ k J
Improved freezer easy to work, fp>% B fit j
The cut shows the paddle that TS^ 1 H '•'■'' Bs
keeps cream off the tin and *:C^ H fey
the revolving dasher that beats ''lev B i||
up the cream. jX; n 'r 7j
Ice cream moulds I^*^ H £■; .]
r: Individual moulds in odd shap- f ><r H [-. 1
: — various prices f <^^ H P i
Brick shapes with detachable *gw4Jfl ffyrfj
tops and bottoms ieavinj; cream c^ ir ■ ■ •- 11 n
In perfect shapes ■ ~ y
' --fr-~ VNO. I—^ r- No. ; 2—»
sizes . Iqt2qt3qt ;• 4 qt Iqtl^qt 3 qt
reg'ly 75c 85c $1 $1 25 40 55 . 75
. special 60c 65c 80c 1 00 30 40 60
Flavoring extracts and color pastes
Price's Fruit coloring [ox reg'ly 25c bottle ; 20c
Burnett's color pastes loz " 35c " 20c
rose— yellow— violet— green !* •\*~-'
One bottle goes a long way '
Glace fruits tuttl f ruttt icecream-assorted-lb 50c
July catalogue free— postal
. Mail orders entitled to these prices If posted not
later than Wednesday :. y f
43*. Pine 315 Sutter aBoo California San Franclico
, lO7S Clay between ; Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
iillliiiiiii