VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 178.
HAVANA'S DEFENSES ARE
SOON TO BE BOMBARDED
VIEW OF THE ENTRANCE TO THE HARBOR OF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, LOOKING SEAWARD.
This Shows the Morro Castle on the Left and Socapa Point on the Right, With the Spanish Cruiser Vizcaya and the Torpedo Destroyer
Furor in the Foreground and the American Men-of-War in the Distanoe Watching the Entrance.
HAVANA IS
SAMPSON'S
OBJECTIVE
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL DIS
PATCH BOAT ALBERT F- DEWEY, OLD
BAHAMA CHANNEL, May 25 (via \zy West,
pla., May 26). — Judging from the recent
movements of Admiral Sampson's fleet
tbe United States naval authorities no
longer have any anxiety concerning tf)e
Spanish Cape Verde squadron. After a
game of hide and see^ along tfye northern
coast of Cuba, wtycb consulted several
days, th>e prows of tfye flagship New Yor^
and her consorts arz again turned west
ward, presumably to threaten Havana, or,
perhaps, to taKe a prominent part in trje
long-delayed invasion of Cuba.
That Admiral Sampson should turn
back at this .seemingly critical juncture
indicates that, Admiral' Cervera" has
helped our navy out of its dilemma by
putting himself into a neat pocket at
Santiago de Cuba and handing the key
to Commander Schley. At any.rate.the
most formidable danger yet "met by the
United States naval forces in this war
has apparently come to an end for lack
of an object.
Admiral Sampson has massed a pow
erful fleet, to crush the enemy. only to
learn that the enemy has kindly
crushed himself. The cruise of Samp
son's fleet has already occupied ' six
days, including the time occupied in
getting our ships together. , As the sun
rose on Monday the wind abated some.
Ten miles off Havana. early Monday
morning a cluster of spars and smoke
indicated the whereabouts of the fleet.
As the Dewey approached we could
make out the New York, Indiana and
nearly all the gunboats on the -Havana
blockading station. The monitors had
disappeared. The cruiser Montgomery
had come up from Key West and Com
modore Watson had transferred his
pennant to her from the Mayflower.
After long continued signaling the New
York about 11 o'clock turned and head
ed eastward along the coast. The In
diana, fell in just behind and then the
Mayflower, Newport, Vicksburg and
I Wilmington.
• Slowly the line of warships steamed
along with the Dewey in their warke.
Cojimar was passed, then Matanzas and
then Cardenas light was given a wide
berth to the south. At Carders, a big
black cruiser came cracking along
from the northwest and joined the pro
cession. It proved to be the New Or
leans, just from the north. She was fol
lowed by the gunboat Machlas. At last
the fleet was off on its mission in the
teeth of a gale, which covered the
decks with spray. During the night,
(which was another stormy one, the
\ Dewey lost sight of the fleet. No lights
were shown, and we were warned not
to come too near. When dawn of Tues
day came not a ship was In sight, but
about noon the entire fleet was made
but flead ahead.SQlng i.ajonj: at eajy.
The San Francisco Call
! gait. During the night the fleet had
! come up with the monitors Puritan and
| Mlantonomah, which had been sent
j ahead owing to their slow speed, and
the torpedo boats Ericsson and Rod
gers. This force was soon augmented
by the arrival of the cruisers Mont
gomery and Marblehad, and it began to
look like a real fWt, bent on real busi
ness. On Tuesday afternoon the big
schooner Supply Joined the fleet, and
several hours were passed in distribut
ing provisions among the various ships.
Night had again fallen when the fleet
moved on eastward. Just at dusk the
gunboat Wasp came up from the west
and delivered dispatches to the admi
ral. As the fleet moved eastward red
and white signal lights suddenly
flashed from the signal vqxd of the
New York, and all the other vessels
immediately answered. As the war
ships rocked gently on th" swell of the
waves the signal lanyards swayed
gracefully with their strings of con
stantly changing liglit*. The intense
gloom seemed accentuated by the flag
ship's electric signals and nothing of
the vessels could be seen except the
waving lanterns. L,ike fiery specters
of the night they moved away on the
scout for the Spanish fleet. Gradually
the lights winked their mysterious
message and went out and then there
was left not a trace of the fleet.
All Wednesday morning the fleet
lopped along to the westward, idly re
tracing its path. The position was at
the junction of old Bahama and San
taren channels, and seemed well
chosen to intercept an enemy who
sought passage to the Atlantic coast
of the United States. The morning
passed, in this manner, the fleet not
moving more than five knots an hour.
The cruiser New Orleans about noon
deserted I her .'■ place with the flying
division and went alongside the New
York. After an interchange of signals
at close range the New Orleans turned
and soon disappeared eastward, going
at a sixteen-knot gait. Shortly after
the Vesuvius steamed ahead -in the di
rection of Key West/after taking some
dispatches from the . flagship. The mo
notony of the afternoon was broken by
the arrival of the monitor Amphitrite
in tow of the transport Panther. They
turned and followed the fleet westward
along the Cuban coast. When the
Dewey "left the fleet this afternoon it
was Just ■ off ' Kay Francis,  where :it
commanded three | channels, • but it < was
.SlftwlX. m.Qyiaa.^e.fltward. ; ;■ r; ; -;r if ■<-<•:
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1898.
MAY SAIL
FROM CADIZ
TO MANILA
NEW YORK, May 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Spain's
Embassador at Paris has informed the
French Minister for Foreign Affairs
that Manila is the prospective destina
tion of the squadron mobilizing at Ca
diz. From an official source in France
this report was received by the au
thorities to-day. The statement was
coupled with the announcement, how
ever, that the information was laid be
fore the French Minister by the Spanish
Embassador under instruction from the
Ministry which recently went out of
office, and that as the new Ministry
was leveling considerable criticisms at
the work of its predecessor, the plan as
the authorities here were informed may
have been changed.
In any event, according to informa
tion received, it is extremely doubtful
if the fleet can be got in a condition to
sail under another week, and probably
longer time will be necessary to put it
in satisfactory condition.
The machinery of several vessels is
Deported to be out of order on account
of lack of skilled men. The battery of
the armored cruiser Carlos V is also not
in satisfactory condition. Workmen are
employed day and night in making the
necessary repairs, and every effort is
being made to get the ships away from
Cadiz as quickly as possible.
Naturally the report that the Spanish
Government h^d informed France that
the destination of its fleet was Manila
was the cause of some comment in of
ficial circles, but until further informa
tion comes regarding the decision of the
new Ministry the authorities do not
propose to waste very much time in
worrying over the matter.
In view of the bottling up of the
Spanish fleet in the harbor of Santiago
de Cuba the authorities say that it
would be absurd for the Spaniards to
send their reserve squadron to the far
east and they believ^ their plans will
not be carried out notwithstanding the
information was given to the French
Government. The action at Spain in
keeping France informed of the move
ments of her fleet aroused a good deal
of suspicion, and it is believed to be
indicative of good relations existing be
tween the two governments.
With the Monterey and the Charles
ton attached to his fleet, Rear Admiral
Dewey, it is believed, will be able to
take care of the Spanish squadron if
sent against him, and meantime the
SCHLEY'S SHIPS IN CIENFUEGOS HARBOR.
KEY WEST, May 26.— Five ships of Commodore Schley's squadron entered the har
bor of Cienfuegos on Tuesday and steamed all around it without drawing the fire of any
Spanish battery. Then the warships filled their bunkers with coal.
This news was brought here by a torpedo-boat, which came to Key West from
Cienfuegos at full speed, bringing dispatches from the Commodore, On the day before en
tering Cienfuegos harbor the fleet established communication with the insurgents, for
whose use 30,000 rounds of ammunition were landed. The insurgents were found in need
of shoes, and thirty pairs were contributed to them by the American sailors.
authorities will send a naval expedi
tion to bombard the Spanish town.
Within the next few days it is ex
pected that an effective move will be
taken to drive the cork into the bottle
in which Cervera's men-of-war are lo
cated and whose mouth Is being
sharply watched by Schley, and the
taking of such action will result in
placing at the disposal of our Govern
ment a fleet of armor-clads which could
be dispatched to Spain before the
Cadiz squadron could get through the
Suez canal.
GIBRALTAR, May 2>>.— The warships
at Cadiz, forming Spain's reserve
squadron, under command of Admiral
Camara, are busy testing their guns
and machinery preparatory tv their de
parture from that port. Their destina
tion cannot be ascertained. Larg>.
quantities of coal continue, to arrive at
Cadiz.
MADRID, May 26.— 1t is currently re
ported here this afternoon that the
Spanish Government has ordered all
the steamers of 1000 tons up, capable
of making a minimum of twelve knots
an hour, to be impressed as auxiliary
cruisers. The Spanish Commissioners
at the varinus points. It is added, have
been instructed to take charge of such
steamers, whether mailboats or other
wise.
PROHIBITS THE
EXPORTATION OF ARMS
Copyr!frht«»<3, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG. May 26.— Acting for the
British Government, Governor Sir Hen
ry A. Blake issued to-day in the Ga
zette an extraordinary decree prohibit
ing for six months, from May 28, the
exportation from the colony of arms,
ammunition, gun powder or naval and
military stores, unless by special per
mission, granted under local ordinance.
This Is a continuation of the procla
mation issued on November 25, last,
owing to the importation into China of
supplies from Hongkong for secret so
cieties. It has no special significance
in regard to the Spanish war, but it
will hamper the Philippine insurgents
in obtaining supplies.
— ♦
No Action on Spain's Note.
NEW YORK. May 26.— A dispatch
from London says: The powers have
decided that no action shall be taken
on Spain's recent note requesting them
to protest jointly against the Cuban
blockade.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
BATTLE-SHIP OREGON
WILL FIRE THE FIRST
SHOT AT OLD MORRO
While Schley Holds Cervera's Fleet in
Check Sampson Will Begin
Active Hostilities.
CALL OFFICE, RIGGS HOUSE, WASHINGTON, May 26.— Now
that the Administration is fully convinced that Commodore
Schley is in a position to keep Cervera's fleet locked up or to
destroy it, Admiral Sampson is to be directed to begin at once
the bombardment of the fortifications that protect the harbor
of Havana. Simultaneously a force of 25,000 or 30,000 men
will make a land attack upon the Cuban capital. Only the capture
of the Cuban capital, either by surrender or reduction, will put an
end to the siege.
These details of a new plan of campaign were decided
upon to-day at the White House during a council of war, in
which the members of the Naval War Board, Secretary Alger,
Secretary Long and General Miles participated.
A dispatch was received to-day from
Hayti, stating that the Spanish fleet
had left Santiago and had gone to
denftwgoa. It was reported in Wash
ington that the War Board was sum
moned to the White House immedi
ately upon the receipt of this cable
pram, and that our naval plans were
completely upset.
It was very apparent that important
news of some kind had been received
from the West Indies, for General
Miles and the War Board were hur
riedly summoned by telephone. It is
said "to-night, however, that if there
was at any time to-day a disposition
at the Navy Department to credit the
Haytian report later advices must have
been received, for this evening there is
the same confidence manifested that
there was yesterday. Naval experts
declare that it would have been impos
sible for Cervera's vessels to have elud
ed Schley, and that they could not have
sailed before his vessels arrived before
the harbor without being observed by
our scouting cruisers, three or four of
which were patrollng the south coast
of Cuba, between Cienfuegos and San
tiago.
The War Board's confidence that
Cervera is imprisoned in the harbor is
best shown by the fact that at the
White House conference to-day a
hydrographic chart of Santiago har
bor was exhibited. This showed that
the narrowest point in the channel,
near the harbor's mouth, is less than
one-sixteenth of a mile in width, while
there are only five fathoms (thirty
feet) of water, there being barely a
sufficient depth to accommodate the
passage of a modern man of war draw
ing 27 feet. This is between Estrella
battery on the east side of the harbor
and Canovas Point on the west side,
and is only a half mile from the open
sea. It would, therefore, be possible
for one or two of our battle-ships
standing out to sea to prevent the en
emy's egress.
This having been settled to the satis
faction of all present it was decided to
push the Cuban military expedition.
Different reports seemingly reliable
have for the laßt day or two located
Admiral Sampson's squadron off Ha
vana and before Santiago; but the
truth probably is about half way be
tween these c: tremes. He was known
to have sailed east from Havana on
Monday morning and the supposition
was that he sailed south through the
Windward Passage and joined Schley
at Santiago.
It appears now that he has been
cruising in the old Bahama channel, off
the northeastern coast of Cuba, where
he could be within easy sailing dis
tance of either Havana or Santiago
and at the same time intercept Cer
vera's squadron should it by any pos
ptble means elude Schley and strike
for our Atlantic seaboard.
But now that Schley has
the hostile fleet locked up,
Sampson will return to Ha
vana and immediately com
mence the bombardment of
Santa Clara and Morro Cas
tle batteries. By the time
they are reduced the 25,000
or 30,000 trooDS now ready
for embarkation will be
landed in Cuba.
It is believed there will be no im
mediate invasion of Porto Rico. It was
at first suggested that Sampson while
in the Bahama channel should be di
rected to return to San Juan and com
plete the work he was engaged in when
the presence of Cervera's fleet in West
Indian waters called him hurriedly
home to mobilize.
It was argued that Spain would not
send her reserve fleet across the At
lantic with Cervera's locked up and her
only remaining base of supplies (San
Juan) destroyed. This plan may yet
be adopted, although at the White
House conference to-day it was agreed
that it would be better to mobilize as
large an army as possible in Cuba with
out sparing any troops for Porto Rico
at this time. This would leave San
Juan open for the reception of Spain's
reserve fleet, and it was argued it, too,
might possibly be locked up.
A naval officer said to-night: "It
would be strange indeed if after an
nihilating Montljo's fleet at Manila and
bottling up Cervera in Santiago we
should succeed in imprisoning Admiral
Camara also."
A report reached Washington to
night from Key West that a vessel ar
riving there had heard heavy firing in
the vicinity of Havana. It is not prob
able that our blockading vessels would
begin a bombardment until Admiral
Sampson returns.
Besides it is understood
here that the Oregon will be
allowed to fire the first shot
at Morro Castle when the
bombardment begins as a
reward for her gallant cruise
around the Horn.
At last accounts the big battleship
had arrived at Koy West from Jupiter
Inlet, Fla.
ADMIRAL CERVERA
IS SURELY TRAPPED
There is No Possibility of the Es
cape of the Fleet From
Santiago.
"WASHINGTON, May 26.— Naval on
cers are now turning their attention to
inquiries whether it is possible for Ad
miral Cervera to get out of Santiago
harbor. They hold that this maneuv*f
is impossible, and being so, the career
of the Spanish admiral is at an end,
so far as it constitutes a menace
against our ships. The British com
ment that Admiral Hornby, In 1855, had
escaped with his entire fleet from a har
bor under similar conditions, and that
Admiral Cervera should b^ able to make
his escape when he gets ready to lo »o,
is not accepted. The naval view here
is just the contrary. It is pointed out
that Admiral Hornby escaped from an
open bay, while Admiral Cervera must
come through a channel about 300
yards wide, on which the American
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
searchlights will play constantly. It Is
said that this is not mere conjecture,
but that naval maneuvers were car
ried on at Key \Ve<n and Tnrtugas a
few months ago which furnish a posi
tive demonstration that Admiral Cer
vera cannot make an exit without be
ing discovered.
An officer who was on board one of
the American ships during- the Tortu
g-as movement says a sham night at
tack of torpedo-boats was made upon
the big battle-ships and cruisers. The
latter were given no notice of the pro
jected attack and there were no extra
guards such as the American ships
now maintain. Hut .-very torpedo-boat
engaged in the attack was discovered
long before it was within striking dis
tance of the cruisers and battle-ships.
One of the attacking torpedo-boats was
so bewildered by the searchlights that
it nearly ran into a cruiser.
The lesson drawn fmm this attack
was that a sally by the enemy was im
possible, owing to the modern methods
of discovering an approach. It had
shown also that the attacking fleet
could not get within range, although
they had come with the range of the
guns of the ships attacked. It is said
that these maneuvers at Tortugas and
Key West practically represent the sit
uation before Santiago. If Cervera sent
out his torpedo-boats as scouts they
would be detected before they had done
any damage and destroyed by the
small gunboats. The American ships
would have the advantage of concen
trating their entire fire upon one small
passage. c
A night battle is quite unusual In
naval annals, but it has occurred. The
Constellation fought the Revenge at
night, the engagement continuing for
six hours in the darkness, during which
the main mast of the Constellation was
carried away and the ship crippled. It
is believed that if Admiral Cervera at
tempts to escape he will choose the
night for this movement.
On the other hand naval officials are
discussing the means the American
commander may adopt to make exit im
possible. In the blockade of Charleston
barges full of stones were sunk at the
channel entrance, cutting off ingress
and egress. A few old hulks would
serve the same purpose in the present
case. There is difficulty in getting such
old craft and the sinking of derelicts at
proper points in the cnannel would be
attended with great danger. They
must be towed to position, subjecting
those in charge to the danger of mines
•and torpedoes. There is also the guns
of Morro Castle to be guarded against.
It Js understood, however, that Morro
Castle has no searchlights, so that a
night operation of this character could
be executed without the Spaniards be
ing made aware of it. Taking every
thing into account naval officers feel
that Admiral Cervera committed a
fatal blunder in being trapped at San
tiago and that there is no fear the trap
will prove inadequate to hold the Span
ish warships^
AMERICANS MUST
HAVE PATIENCE
If They Desire a Naval Battle Before
Invading Cuba, So Says
Sagasta.
NEW YORK, May 26.— A Madrid dis
patch states that Ragasta says there
will be no tight at Snntiago unless Cer
vera desires it. The Americans will
find the Santiago forts and ships wry
different from those destroyed at Ma
nila. If the Americans are waiting for
a naval battle before attempting to in
vade Cuba they will need, he says, con
siderable patience.2
CUT OFF
BY LAND
AND SEA
Spaniards at Santiago de
Cuba Cannot Get
Supplies.
Schley's Squadron Outside the
Harbor While Insurgents
Hold the Interior.
NEW YORK, May 26.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegTaphs.
' There is do use landing troops around
Santiago at this moment for the pur
pose of cutting off the Spanish base of
supplies around that city. The base
is already cut off."
This statement was made to me to
day by an officer of the army whose
acquaintance with the disposition of
the insurgents in Cuba is accurate an.l
to be rvlied upon.
"The provinces of Puerto Principe
and Santiago de Cuba are," continue!
this officer, "practically occupied by in
surgent forces. The bulk of the Span
ish forces has long ago been moved
westward and Puerto Principe is now
so wholly the territory <>f insuwnt.j
that even their cuttle and other stock
roam unmolested throughout the whoie
pnvince. As to Santiago de Cuba, it
is true that there are now Spanish
troops at Manzanillo and there are a
few at Holguin and at Baracoa, at the
extreme east end of the province. But
this about sums up Blaneo's forc?s in
these provinces, the city of Santiago,
of course, excepted.
"In Santiago there are a >?o"l num
ber of troops, and there are few insur
gent sympathizers, who dare not speak
above a whisper. The fortirtcatiins
looking toward the sea are, of ciurse,
in the hands of the Spaniard?, as pro
thf?e also around the northern sub
urb of the city. But these land fortifi
cations consist of only three block
houses 800 yards apart. It must not,
however, be thought that these block
houses are not effective. In each block
house there are only twenty men, but
MOVING TOWARD
SAN FRANCISCO
Troops for the Philip
pines Coming West.
VOLUNTEERS IN FINE FETTLE
GOOD CLASS OF MEN WHO WILL
FIGHT SPANIARDS.
Forty-Two Thousand Now Encamped
at Chickamauga Park Pre
paring for the Invasion '
of Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OGDEN, Utah, -May 26.— The First
Montana Regiment of Volunteer In
fantry, one thousand strong, Colonel
Kesler, left Ogden in four sections, the
last section at 3:30 this afternoon. All
were well and looked to be the strong
est and most hardy set of men of all.
Lieutenant Nichols, Privates Bachman
and Strasser were left here, to follow
on the regular Southern Pacific pas
senger in the morning.
EL PASO, Tex., May 26.— A special
train in five sections reached here to
day with the Eighteenth and Twenty
third Infantry on board. The troops
are from New Orleans, destined to Ma
nila, via San Francisco. The first sec
tion arrived at 4 this evening, six hours
ahead of the other four trains, which
were delayed by an accident to the
second section. The men and officers
are in high feather with the prospect
of invading the Philippines. Lieuten
ant Schley, acting commissary of sub
sistence of the Twenty-third, Is a son
of Commodore Schley.
FARGO, X. D., May 26.— Two bat
talions of infantry of the North Da
kota volunteers left here at noon to
day for San Francisco, on their way to
the Philippines. The eight companies
are largely from the National Guard
and are well drilled. They have been
in Fargo for a month and are weil up
on battalion formations.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— The work
of mustering the volunteers into the
service of the United States under the
President's first call for troops Is prac
tically completed. Adjutant General
Corbin announced la'e to-night that the
number of volunteers so far reported
mustered was 118,000 and that enough
were prepared for muster to swell the
number to between 121,000 and 122,000.
It is not expected by the War Depart
ment officials that quite the full num
ber called for will be mustered into the
army, as nearly all of the States are
short from 25 to 100 men of the number
called for by their quota. lowa is still
short about a thousand men of its
quota and two or three of the Southern
States have not completed their muster,
but the small gap remaining- will be
filled in a day or two.
The regulations for the organization
of the brigade of engineers and the ten
regiments of immunes authorized by
separate act of Congress were to-day
formally agreed upon by Ceneral Miles
and Adjutant General Corbin. Re
cruiting will begin promptly, with a
view to the utilization of the men in the
army of occupation of Cuba, The
brigade of engineers is to be comprised
of three regiments to be designated
United States Volunteer engineers.
There are to be three battalions in each
regiment of four companies each. For
each regiment there are to be fifty
three commissioned officers and 1106 en
listed men. The officers will be selected
for their skill aa rnint.«.rv. civiJ electri
they are admirably and effectively
armed, and the block houses are furthor
protected by barb-wire entanglements
that are almost insurmountable. This
is the general situation as far as San
t>ago is related respectively to the pos
sibility of Spanish succor and possi
bility of insurtTcr t interceptiou.
"Now, to be more specific, I may
say that General Garcia has his head
quarters at Bayamo, an interior town
almost due east of Manzanillo, between
Manzanillo and Santiago. It cannot be
said that the insurgents are compactly
organized in a semicircular line around
Santiago, but I do not hesitate to say
that in the province of Santiago de
Cuba there are now as many as five
insurgent forces. It is clear, therefore,
though the line is not a continuous one,
the insurgents could be localized at
any point without delay, and it is quite
reasonable to say that the report of
any sensational movement on the part
of the Spanish force in Santiago would
be sent to them by the little railroad
that runs not very far northward from
Santiago. The estimate of 18,000 for
the whole Cuban army is a liberal one,
but that does not affect the present al
most complete occupation of Puerto
Principe and Santiago de Cuba by in
surgents. As I said before, the Spanish
base of supplies at Santiago is practi
cally cut off. Unless Cervera gets out
of the harbor he will starve there. That
is the land side of the situation. The
distance between Havana and Santiago
de Cuba is 600 miles, with the Span
iards in the extreme west and almost
insuperable streams and mountain
roads between.
"To sum up briefly, Santiago is con
fronted on the sea by the American
fleet and in the interior is cut off from
all possibility of supplies by the in-
Eurgents."
cal, mechanical or topographical engi
neers. An effort will be made to re
cruit the enlisted men from every
branch of the engineering profession
and of mechanical skill. Machinists,
steam engineers, blacksmiths, carpen
ters, plumbers, topographers, telegraphy
ers, draughtsmen, photographers, rail
road men, riggers, boatmen and those
skilled in the use of explosives are es
pecially desired.
Volunteer engineer troops will be
armed and equipped as infantry. Their
uniform will conform to that prescrib
ed for the use of engineer troops of the
regular army. The men composing the
"immunes" are expected to be rerrult
ed largely from the South. They are to
be organized into regiments, half of
whom will be composed of whites,
and the regiments of colored
persons. They will be made up as far
as possible of officers and men who,
owing to their origin, the places of their
residence and other circumstances af
fecting their physical characteristics,
possess immunity, or are likely to be
exempted from diseases incident to
tropical climates.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL, PARK,
May 26.— Including to-day's arrivals,
there are now 42,000 men encamped at
the park. The Ninth New York, Col
onel James Greene commanding, ar
rived early this morning. There are
iOIO men In the regiment. The Second
Kentucky Regiment reached the park
at 7:10. This command numbers 1030
men and is commanded by Colo-nel E.
H. Gaither.
To-night Troops A, C and D of the
Third Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel
Grigsby commanding, arrived from the
Black Hills region of South Dakota,
under command of Major French. The
three troops numbered 225 men.
Later to-night the Sixty-ninth New
York, the First Arkansas and the Fifth
Missouri regiment arrived. The vari
ous commands are beginning military
life in earnest. All the regiments that
are permanently encamped were given
regimental drills to-day, and this will
be continued from day to day.
The reports of disaffection among
the Missouri troops arise from dissatis
faction growing out of the inadequate
water supply, but htis will be remedied
as the completion of the pipe lines will
afford abundance of water to the com
mands. The troops also complain of in
sufficient equipment, having received
no uniforms or arms from the Govern
ment since being mustered into the
Federal service. Sixty carloads of ra
tions arrived to-day from Chicago and
northern cities.
CHICAGO, May 26.— Reports from
various Northwestern States indicate
that President McKinl^y's second call
for volunteers, asking for 75,000 men,
will meet with hearty response. Inde
pendent companies are already organ
ized in many States and these will be
offered to the service of the country.
NEW YORK, May 26. —The battery of
fered to the United States Government
by John Jacob Astor was accepted to
day. Lieutenant March of the Fifth
United States Artillery, has been de
tailed to command the battery, which
will be made up of six Hotchkiss rapid
fire guns.
TAMPA, Fla., May 26.— The forma
tion of all the regular and volunteer
troops massed in Florida into corps,
divisions and brigades was completed
to-day in a general order issued by Ma
jor General Shafter, commanding the
Fifth Army Corps. The Fifth Corps,
which will probably be first to land on
Cuban soil, is made up entirely of reg
ular troops with the exception of two
regiments of volunteers at Lakeland,
the Seventy-first New York and Second
Massachusetts. This corps also em
braces the cavalry division composed of
the First and Tenth Regiments at
Lakeland, and the Third, Sixth and
Ninth at Tampa under command of
Major General Joseph Wheeler; the ar
tillery brigade under command of Lieu
tenant Colonel Randolph and the Sig
nal Corps, in all nearly 18,000 men.
The Seventh Corps, under command
of Major General Fitzhugh Lee, em
braces all the volunteer troops at Tam
pa, five regiments, and the troops at
Jacksonville, or between 8000 and 9000
men.
Death of Theodore Davies.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 26.— A pri
vate cablegram received here from Eng
land by agents of the firm of Theodore
Davies & Co., Honolulu and Liverpool, an
nounces the sudden death at Tunbridge
Wells of Hon. Theodore Davies, guardian
at Princess Kaiulani of Hawaii.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAT 27, 1898.
APPEAL OF THE
PEACE UNION
Prepared in this Country
and Mailed to Spain.
HELD BY THE GOVERNMENT
SPAIN WAS ASKED TO MAKE
CONCESSIONS.
Several Methods Suggested in Which
the Universal Organization
Hoped to Avoid
Hostilities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, May 26.— 1t was
developed here to-day that the Univer
sal Peace Union, through its president,
Alfred H. Love of this city, prepared
and mailed to the Queen Regent of
Spain and Premier Sagasta an appeal
asking that Government to acknowl
edge the independence of Cuba in the
interests of peace. The appeal was first
sent on April 21, four days before this
country declared that a state of war
existed betwen Spain and the United
States. It was held up, however, in
New York, and after two weeks had
expired, was again in President Love's
hands with the seal unbroken and
stamped across it with a Government
stamp a notice that no mail is per
mitted to go to Spain.
Ex-Governor Hoyt of Wyoming then
took the communication to Washing
ton and laid it before the State Depart
ment in the hope th~t it might be per
mitted to go and at the same time to
assure the Government of its contents.
It was not allowed to go through the
mails, however, but it was suggested
to ex-Governor Hoyt that it might be
sent to one of the European branches
of the union. As a result it was sent
to Berne, Switzerland, for transmission
to Spain and is now en route.
After referring to the Union as rep
resenting many thousands of friends of
peace in all parts of the world, the ap
peal indicates that all the pending dif
ficulties could be disposed of by prac
tical means. Continuing, it says:
"Our President, Mr. McKinley, we
have reason to believe, has bf en forced
into his present attitude. You know,
he is the executive of this Government.
The Peace Union is cosmopolitan. We
have, we believe, still in your Senate,
one of our vice-presidents, Arturo de
Marcoartu."
Referring to the Union's sincerity, the
a) peal states: "We would do what
we now suggest for you to grant," and
continuing reads: "Oh! how you would
elevate your nation. What contribu
tion to the age of intelligence if you
would send a message to America:
'For the sake of peace, humanity and
your friendship, we will hear terms for
the independence of Cuba.' This
would open the way for three plans
the Universal Peace Union is now sug-
gesting. First, a commission to visit
you; second, purchase, and the Maine
matter somehow considered; third, in
ternational arbitration and interna
tional mediation. Is it too late? If
there is a lull, if there be a check, if
any way be open, we can say in all
frankness for our good and for the
good of all, that the feeling here is
opposed to war and against the an
nexation of your possessions. There
is a deep, earnest desire for the free
dom of Cuba. Now, will not Cuba be
worth more to you free than as a col
ony? If you hold it, it will always be
restless, expensive and a trouble to
you."
The remaining portions of the appeal
are solicitous of Spain's feelings in the
existing difficulty and state that the
Union is actuated entirely by a desire
to bring about peace. In one portion it
states 'we have appreciated your sev
eral concessions in this Cuban trou
ble."
President Love explains these to
mean the withdrawal of WeyJ^r; the
submission to the United States' re
fusal to withdraw General Lee; the
feeding of reconcentrados by this coun
try; the autonomy scheme, and, last
of all, the declaration of an armistice.
Speaking of the efforts of the Union
to bring this latter about President
Love said to-night that on April 9 the
Union cabled to the Queen requesting
her to grant an unconditional armistice
and also telegraphed to Cardinal Gib
bons to have the Pope use his endeav
ors to bring about the result.
"Two days later," Mr. Love said,
"the armistice was granted."
ALL CAUSED BY
A CORRESPONDENT
Seizure of the British Steamer Adula
and Arrest of Her
Officers.
Copyrighted. IS9S, by .lames Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, May 26.— Cable advices
were received here to-day fromCienfue
gos, Cuba, stating that the Adula, on
her arrival there, was stopped by the
Spanish authorities. A search was
made and it was found that there was
a man on board, whose name is not
given, Mho had gone on the ship sur
reptitiously. His name was not on the
ship's papers.
The Spanish authorities declared that
his object was to go into the town and
carry back information to the blockad
ing fleet, and that his presence was a
breach of the neutrality laws.
The ship was thereupon seized and
Captain Walker and his officers were
put in confinement.
The British Consul has made a pro
test, and the English authorities here
are moving in the matter. It is believed
the person on boarjl was the agent of a
newspaper correspondent, as the Span
ish Consul here absolutely refused to
permit the ship to leave if any reporter
was allowed to go.
MEXICAN DOLLARS
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
NEW YORK, May 27.— The Press
says: One of the most interesting
preparations of the outfitting of the
Manila expedition has just been an
nounced. The Government has pur
chased 250,000 Mexican silver dollars,
which General Merritt will take along
to defray the expenses of the expedi
tion. This amount is not expected to
be enough, but more will be sent from
time to time.
By purchasing Mexican dollars, a
great saving is made. It is possible to
obtain Mexican dollars at 46 cents each.
In other words, Uncle Sam was able to
buy 250,000 Mexican dollars for 5116,000.
They were bought in San Francisco.
GOVERNMENT MAY
BUY FORTY YACHTS
NEW YORK, May 28.— The new naval
cruiser board has sent to Washington a
list of forty yachts which it recommends
for purchase. Among the vessels named
are George Gould's Atalanta and John
Jacob Astor's Nourmahal. Each is rec
ommended for purchase at $100,000.
DEWEY PROVES
TO BE A VERY
TRUE PROPHET
Before War Commenced He Wrote
That the Philippines Could
Soon Be Captured.
BOSTON, May 26.— A Montpelier (Vt.) special says: The follow
ing is an abstract of a letter sent by Admiral Dewey from Hongkong
April 18, previous to the declaration of war, and just received by his sister,
Mrs. Mary P. Greely, in this city. It was the last communication from
him before his departure for the Philippines. Admiral Dewey said:
"We are still waiting for the declaration of war to begin our work
here. I have seven men-of-war, all ready for action, and should war be
the word I believe we will make short work of the Spanish reign in the
Philippines. The insurgents are ready to rise at our first gun, and long
before this reaches you we may be masters at Manila and other Philip
pine cities. But after all war is a terrible thing, and I hope some way
out of the dilemma may be found without resorting to it. My health
continues good, although it is taxed to the uttermost, and my one prayer
is that I may be able to hold out until we have finished our work."
SOLDIERS, NOT
INSURGENTS
That Is How Gomez
Styles His Patriots.
ONLY CIVILIZED WARFARE.
ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC NOT
TO EMULATE SPANIARDS.
Denunciation of the Brutal Methods
of Castilians by the Com
mander-in-Chlef of
the Cubans.
Special I>ispatrh to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 26.— Thomas Es
trada Palma, the representative of the
Cuban republic in New York, has just
received the first copy of "I>as Villas,"
the war bulletin which is published by
authority of General Gomez at the
headquarters of the Cuban army. Be
sides the official notices and orders is
sued to the army the paper contains a
lengthy address issued to the Cuban
army and people by General Gomez, in
which he says:
I, Maximo Gomez, commander-In-chief
of the Cuban arYny, take this opportun
ity through the medium of Laa Villas,
which hereafter will be published once
i-ach week at the headquarters of the
aimy <.f liberation, to communicate with
those "t my command and our people. In
view <f the adoption of the constitution
of the republic of Cuba and the armed
intervention of the United States in our
behalf to aid us in obtaining our inde
pendence, which soon will be recognized
by all the world, I desire to make known
that hereafter our soldiers no longer shall
be known as Insurgents, but soldiers of
the regular army of the republic.
I hereby direct that there shall be is
sued each week a war bulletin, which
shall be published at the general head
quarters of the army and shall begin with
this issue on the 10th day of May, to be
known as Las Villas. It will be circu
lated under the direction and by the au
thority of the staff officers of the army,
and In it will be published all circulars,
orders :<r.<i official not^s of the War De-
partment as well as information which
our army and our people may desire to
know concerning our progress and our
allies, the United States.
I tak. this occasion to remind each
Cuban In service that he now has a coun
try recognized for which he must fight
with all honor and glory. He Is now a
Cuban soldier and not an Insurgent, and
will respect the rules of civilized warfare.
I will order punished any chief officer or
private who fails to respect the rights of
our prisoners of war, and such prisoners
will be tn ated with respect to their rank
and according to the rules of civilized
countries and the constitutional army.
Our soldiers will conduct themselves in'
such a manner as to gain for themselves
the god offices of our brethren of the
United States, and for this reason it is
my wish that the army of Cuba may ex
hibit model discipline. I desire to' im
press upon you that we will not continue
this war. which so valiantly has been
kept up for the past three years, with the
idoa of revenge. We are fighting for lib
erty and independence, and not for re
venge, and I would call your attention to
the fact that the history of the world
shows that loss of blood has always been
the price of liberty.
Notwithstanding, we must ever re
member our dead martyrs to the cause
of Cuban freedom and fight the good
flght, and It will not be long before
every Spanish soldier shall have left our
soil. We have had to contend against
a most cruel enemy — one which has
known no honor, and Its methods have
been most barbarous, and every act of
Spain has shown the thirst for blood and
desire to trample down and annihilate
the people of Cuba. I do not desire that
our army shall emulate their example,
but I would prefer that our methods of
war be those of civilized nations; that we
may show to the enemy that those whom
they are fighting are more honorable
than themselves.
In a recent proclamation by General
Blanco he made the statement that it
now was the duty of all Spaniards to die
for their honor In the war against the
United States. Spain does not know the
meaning of honor. Her definition of the
word is nothing but cruelty.
Spanish soldiers have never been known
to die for honor except when they were
opposed as ten to one. Their idea of honor
has been to assassinate defenseless
women and children whose protectors are
now fighting for freedom in our army.
Their idea of honor has been to rob. to
plunder. They die for honor drinking,
gambling and committing crimes against
humanity and against society; but now
they will die before American and Cuban
arms.
I take this opportunity to speak thus to
our people and our army that they may
be encouraged and know that we now
have noble allies, who will aid us in our
fight for freedom, which long has been
deserved, and which we can now see will
bo a reality at no distant day. I shall
also from time to time, In Las Villas,
communicate with you in the same
manner. _______
SECOND EXPEDITION TO
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Will Be Carried by the Steamships
Zealandia, Centennial and
Ohio.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— Assistant
Secretary Meiklejohn to-day chartered
the steamship Ohio, one of the Pacific
liners, for transport purposes. The ves
sel is now at Seattle, and has been or
dered to proceed to San Francisco im
mediately to be fitted out for her trip
to the Philippines. The second expedi
tion to the Islands will be made up of
the Zealandia, the Centennial and the
Ohio.
ACTIVITY AT
MARE ISLAND
The Philadelphia Has
Been Refitted.
MONTEREY IS NOW IN DOCK
RAPID FIRE GUNS FOR THE
PETER JEBSEN.
Fifteen Ships at the Navy- Yard-
How the Alert Secured a
Supply of Coal at
Acapulco.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD, May
26.— The United States ship Philadel
phia, after being thoroughly refitted,
was undocked this afternoon, and the
Monterey took her place In the dock.
The bottom of the Monterey will be
scraped and painted, after -which she
will be ready for her trip to Manila.
The large collier Peter Jebsen—re
named Brutus— purchased by the Gov
ernment -with her cargo of 4800 tons of
coal for $270,000, is also being prepared
for sea. Her boilers and engines, after
inspection, were pronounced in excel
lent condition. Rapid-fire guns will be
put on board at once. She will make
the trip to the Philippines in company
with the Monterey.
A crew of naval militia from San
Francisco, numbering 56, has been or
dered to the Mohican, which will de
part soon with ammunition and stores
for the Hawaiian naval station.
There are now lying at the navy
yard fifteen United States ships, as
follows: Philadelphia, Monterey,York
town, Alert. Mohican, Pensacola, Inde
pendence, Unadilla, monitor Comanche,
Hartford, Thetis, Ranger, Ningchow
and Peter Jebsen.
The Rowan is not coming to the yard
to be commissioned. Arrangements are
being made to send her outfit and
stores to Portland, Or.
Boatswain Frary, retired, who has
been living in San Diego, has reported
for active duty on the Pensacola.
A story has just been told by officers
of the United State ship Alert of the
vigorous measures taken by the old
cruiser to secure coal on her recent
trip up from South America. Needing
coal at Acapulco, a Central American
town, of which more than half of the
inhabitants are Spanish, the Captain
applied to the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. He was told that he could
have coal at the rate of $20 per ton in
gold, providing he took it himself, as
the company could not deliver it. The
captain accordingly took possession of
a lighter and sent the ship's marine
guard to protect the coal passers.
When they arrived at the wharf it was
crowded with the natives, who at
tempted to prevent the coal leaving
the dock. The marines cleared the
wharf with a bayonet charge and then
stretched a rope across, loaded their
rifles and instructed the Mexicans that
the first one to cross the rope would be
shot. After that 150 tons were loaded
on the ship without further molesta
tion. Previous efforts had been made
through the Consul to secure coal from
the Government, but without success.
CERVERA INTENDED TO
BOMBARD COAST CITIES
His Plan Frustrated Through Inabil
ity to Procure Coal for His
Squadron.
NEW YORK, May 26.— A special to
the World from Quebec says: Senor
Polo y Bernabe, before he sailed from
Quebec for Europe, confided to a friend
the original Intentions of Admiral Cer
vera's squadron.
It appears that the Spanish fleet, be
ing confessedly unable to meet the Am
erican vessels, was to avoid the latter
and cause all the damage it could to
the American coast. Among other
places to be bombarded was Portland,
Me., and an attempt was to be made to
blow up a powder mill near that place.
Senor Polo succeeded in makine satis
factory arrangements for the coaling of
the fleet, but the agreement was broken
owing to American influence in the coal
concern, and the news of this fact drove
the Spanish squadron from its original
intention of touching at Cape Breton
and made it take refuge at Santiago de
Cuba. Since then the Spanish fleet has
left on its journey to Cadiz.
Spain's tactics will be to trust to
fever and the terrible expense daily
incurred by the American Government,
and she will not risk a repetition of the
Manila disaster.
"In the fall," the late Embassador
said, "Spain will abandon Cuba, after
having made her enemy pay dearly for
its victory."
The Oregon at Key West.
KEY WEST, May 26.— The United
States battleship Oregon arrived here
this morning from Jupiter and/is now
at anchor at Sand Key light.
What pensions may our soldiers
expect in the present warP Read
next Sunday's Call and find out.
ARE FROM
THE CAMP
OF GARCIA
General Cebazo and Col.
Hernandez Confer With
Alger and Miles.
Information Showing Condition of
Cuban Troops and Their Will
ingness to Join Uncle Sam.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 26.
Secretary Alger and General Miles
conferred with two officers from the
staff of General Garcia, General En
rique Collazo and Lieutenant Colonel
Charles Hernandez, who come direct
from Garcia's headquarters bearing
credentials from him to perfect a plan
of co-operation with the American
forces. They accompanied Lieutenant
Rowan of the United States army on
his return from Garcia's camp at
Bayamo, in Central Cuba, and shared
with him the danger of a two days'
trip in an open boat from the north
coast of Cuba. They reported first to
the Cuban delegation here and Secre
tary Queseda was careful to keep their
presence secret until General Miles had
made the fact known.
This relieved the men from further
secrecy and to-day General Collazo and
Colonel Hernandez gave an interesting
account of General Garcia's forces and
the general equipment of the Cuban
army.
Colonel Hernandez says Garcia has
his headquarters at Bayamo and that
his staff, with a bodyguard of several
hundred men, are quartered Inside the
city. The infantry and cavalry are
quartered in the suburbs of South
Bayamo. Tents are not used, but in
their place the men hastily construct
coverings made of palm leaves and
guinea grass, which are more effective
than canvas as a shelter against the
hot sun.
In all about 3000 men are thus quar
tered. They are well armed with Rem
ington and Mausers, captured from the
Spaniards. Most of them have mach
etes, but only the officers carry other
small arms. The cavalry have small
horses, much like the Indian mustangs,
hardy and reliable. Mules are used for
pack purposes.
Colonel Hernandez says that the com
missary and quartermaster's depart
ment is unknown in the sense used by
army officials here. In lieu of these
the companies not fully armed are or
ganized as "preios." The duty of the
MURDERED BY
TWO INDIANS
•
William Meehan Shot on
the McClintock River.
HIS PARTNER COX ESCAPES
REPORTS THE MURDER TO THE
MOUNTED POLICE.
The Indians, Whose Motive Was
Robbery, Are Under Ar
rest at Lake
Marsh.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 26.— William
Meehan of Juneau is the first white
man to meet death at the hands of
Alaska Indians since the rush to the
gold fields of the north commenced last
July. He was shot in his boat while
coming down the McClintock River two
weeks ago by two Stick Indians. His
companion, a man named Cox. was
severely injured, but managed to reach
a station of the mounted police, twelve
ADVERTISEMENT*?.
BSSS 82 S3 S3 88 ?8 88 88 8S 88 88 88 88 88 88 8S : BSBB 82 88 8? 88 88 88 88 88 88 82 83 83 88 88 88 88
\WL«ihSSH\
| How does it find you? Are you prepared to face 88
•88 danger ? Are your nerves strong enough to carry you 88
8S through the perils of battle? These are times that try »
% the nerves, and few men are prepared to. meet the emer- n
| o-ency. The results of early mistakes ana excesses are 8
88 evident in the relaxed state of the nerves. They need 88
88 bracing ; they lack the snap and vim of youth. »
» A GREAT BOOK FOR MEN. |
88 Dr. Sanden, inventor of the famous nerve-builder, Dr. %
! S Sanden's Electric Belt, has written a book, which he calls 88
85 "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of Hj
88 men. If you would be a strong man you should read it. ■■••g
2 Dr. Sanden will send it free upon request. It gives proof g,
|g of the great work Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is doing. S3
88 Your happiness depends upon your strength of nerve, so g
88 get this book at once. Direct fj
1 SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. ■*".- " IMPORTANT iinTiPF * "§■
§ 702 Market Street. Corner Geary. San T raneim IMPORTANT NOTICE gj }
88 Office hour»-8 a. tn. to BiP.8 iP . m.: Sundays, 10 Dr. Sanden's offices *
88 g^^^^i^o^ST-^iiliSSn B^ & r now at 702 Market ss
» Denve? Colo., 931 Sixteenth st. : Dallas. Tex.. street, corner Geary. gS
45 285 Main st. . *— — — — — — --■..-..-■ : -* >j$
,i 88 88 88 88 83 88 88 88 ?8 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 83 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88»
"prelos" is to bring meat, ample sup
plies being secured from Puerto Prin
cipe, and vegetables, which are grown
in the woods. The system works per
fectly, Colonel Hernandez says, and the
troops are kept well fed and in good
spirits. There are no dress parades and
none of the regularity of daily drill
used in the United States army. The
main occupation is in making the long
daily marches to keep the men hard-
ened.
The Cubans say the arrival of Lieu
tenant Rowan aroused the greatest en
thusiasm throughout the Cuban camp.
There was no notice of his coming. The
first seen of him was as he galloped up
Commercial street, followed by the
Cuban guides vho accompanied him
from Florida. He was warmly greeted
by General Garcia, and the two held a
three ho-urs' conference. It was decided
that Lieutenant Rowan should return
that afternoon, and General Garcia as
signed General Collazo and Colonel
Hernandez, with three guides, to ac
company him.
Colonel Hernandez says communica
tion is maintained with General Gomez
and with points along the coast. From
these, he has a general idea of the
forces, outside of those with General
Garcia at Bayamo. He estimates that
there are 12,000 men, all of whom are
well armed, east of La Trocha, and
constituting forces in the eastern divis
ion of the island, under General Gar
cia, These include the 3000 at Bayamo,
the others being scattered at various
points. He estimates General Gomez's
immediate command at about 3000 men,
with 6000 men scattered at various
points. In all there are, according to
General Collazo, and Colonel Hernan
dez, about 20,000 to 25,000 troops.
It is understood that the purpose of
the present visit of Garcia's officers is
te give that general's assurance to the
authorities here of his desire to give
every possible co-operation to the
American movements. Similar assur
ances have come from General Gomez
and have been presented by Senor
Queseda. The Cuban officers have
made a good impresion here, and the
authorities were agreeably surprised to
find them men of ability and soldierly
bearing, speaking English -well. They fc
will remain some days longer and thei W
return to General Garcia's camp.
miles away, and report the murder.
The police at once started for the
Indian camp and arrested the two In
dians, after considerable trouble. They
are now under guard at Lake Marsh.
Both Indians, it is said, have con
fessed. Meehan and Cox had been
working for some time on the bars of
the McClintock River and had found
some good prospects. About two weeks
ago they noticed a band of Stick In
dians prowling around their camp.
Their intentions were evidently hostile,
and the two prospectors decided to go
to Lake Marsh and report the matter
to the mounted police.
They loaded their effects into a small
boat and started down the river. After
going a short distance two Indians
suddenly appeared on the bank. They
were armed with rifles. Both took hur
ried aim and fired at the prospectors.
Meehan was shot through the heart
and died without uttering a word. His
body was thrown in the river, and will
probably never be recovered. Cox re
ceived a dangerous wound in tha
breast.
The motive of the crime was un
doubtedly robbery. It was with gTeat
difficulty that the mounted police at
Lake Marsh prevented the men en
camped there from lynching the In
dians. ______________
MISTAKEN IDENTITY.
Lieutenant Sobral Proves an Alibi,
He is Now in the City of
Madrid.
MADRID, May 26.— Lieutenant So
bral, former naval attache of the Span
ish legation at Washington, is in this
city, and therefore the statement made
that he is Identical with Remigro Za
paterl Jiminez, the suspected Spanish
spy, arrested on board the prize steam
er Panama, is incorrect.THE QUEEN
WILL STAY
IN MADRID
The Cabinet Is Trying to
Bring About Honor=
able Peace.
LONDON, ICay 26.— There are re
newed and sinister predictions of an
impending revolution in Spain con
tained in a special dispatch from Mad
rid to-day. Emperor Francis Joseph of
Austria is said to have strongly advised
the Quc; n Regent to prepare to fly, and
her mother, who is now in Madrid, is
reported to have given her the same
advice, but, it is added, the Queen
Regent Is determino'l to remain.
Continuing, the dispatch says that the
defeat of the . paaish fleet, which the
best informed people regard as only a
question of a few days, is bound to
precipitate an outbreak.
LONDON, May l'7.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: The
present outlook is brighter and the
Ministerialists believe that a Cabinet
crisis can be averted. Captain Aunon,
Minister of Marine, declared in the
< "ortos to-day (Thursday) that when an
opportunity presented itself the Cabinet
would not fall to do its best to bring
about an honorable peace.
LONDON, May 27.— The Madrid cor
mdent of the Times says: "The
dominant public opinion here is a de
sire to find some way to a honorable
peace. : has nothing to gain by
an indefinite prolongation of hostilities.
"All idea that France will intervene,
however, is now abandoned and hopes
are fixed upon the possibility that the
Duke Almodar de Rio, the new Minister
Affairs, will find some fitting
sion on which to take the initia
tive."
MADRID. May 26.— According to El
• rvative organ, the Cab-
Council to-day, the Queen Regent 1
thi cc points in the
po seers — the man
bombardment by the Ameri
squadrons, the alleged use of the
ah flag by the Americans at
Guantanamo, and the cutting of inter
>l cables by the Americans.
• Almodar de Rio conferred
hour this evening with Se-
Leon y Castillo, the Spanish Em
: : '
IDRID, May 26, 3 p. m.— ln the
Chamber of Deputies Senor Cassell,
tor of the Imparcial, denounced
Jleged acts of some of the Ameri
can warships as being contrary to in
ternational law. He also moved that
: sion be granted to the family of
aptain ol I a .Maria Cris
■.'. h't perished at Cavlte,
The Minister of Marine, Captain
Aunon, accepted the proposition.
In the Senate Count Almenas intro
MAY ENTER
VIGOROUS
PROTESTS
France and Germany Will
Object to the Stand
of Hawaii.
NEW YORK. May 26.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: .Grave foreign
lications may grow out of the ac
tion of the Hawaiian Government in
allowing the United States to make
Honolulu a bas- of supply and naval
operations In the Pacific. I am in
: d to-night on the highest author
ity that two European governments —
France bj aany — through th.-ir
consular representatives in Honolulu,
have taken action which is construed
to indicate th> ir displeasure at the
course of Hawaii. They have not en
tered any formal protest, but have in
quired of the Hawaiian Government
what its attitude would be during the
iv ar.
"What reply, if any, the Hawaiian
Government made to this inquiry, is
not yet known in Washington. It is
known, however, that the government
of the islands will not maintain neu
trality, but will allow the United States
to use its territory and harbor at Hon
olulu as freely as if they were part >>f
the United States. By so doing the
Hawaiian Government assumes the po
sition of being practically an ally of
the I'nited States and takes upon Itself
the full responsibility fur this attitude.
As far as is known here, the Spanish
Consul in Honolulu still maintains his
relations with President Dole's govern
ment, but when the Charleston and
transports bound for Manila take on
coal and provisions at Honolulu it is
believed he will protest emphatically
against it, and, upon his protest being
disregarded, will sever his connections
with the Government and demand his
passports.
President McKinley realizes that if
the Spanish Consul should be joined in
his protest by the representatives of
other European Governments there
would be great danger of complications
with those nations, and for this reason
the President is more than ever anx
lous that Congress should lose n<> time
In formally annexing the Islands to the
United States, so as to leave Spain and
other nations of Europe no (round on
which to base their protest. President
McKinley has been strongly urged to
take possession of the Islands as a mil
itary necessity, and if Congress was
noi in session it is probable he would
do 80. He is reluctant to take any such
action, however, while Congress is in
session and while the question of an
nezatlon is pending in that body. The
military necessity exists, however, and
the administration will avail itself of
every privilege granted by the Ha
waiian Government to use the islands
as a military and naval base.
There is no escape from doing bo, in
fact, and but for the facilities for coal-
Ing and provisioning vessels and trans
ports at Honolulu the administration
duced the question of privateering, urg
ing the Government to adopt privateer
ing "in view of the American proceed
ings."
The Minister of Foreign Affairs,
Duke Ahnodivar de Rio, said the mat
ter was inopportune and could not be
debated. Couat Almenas insisted, but
the President of the Senate refused to
allow the discussion to continue.
MADRID, May 26.— The outcome of
yesterday's financial debate is that both
Senor Puigcerver Minister of Finance,
and the Marquis de Vilaverde, the Con
servative leader have agreed to oppose
the impost on the national debt. The j
Marquis declares the silverists will op- i
pose the measure even to the length of j
obstruction, and Senor Puigcerver de
clared that the measure will not be
come a law while he is Minister.
A crisis will be precipitated by the
Carlists, Republicans and Romeroists,
who intend to Introduce a resolution in
favor of the inmost. This will divide!
the majority of the Chamber of Depu- j
ties inasmuch as Senor Cammazo, the j
1. 1 bora 1 leader and Minister of Public j
Instruction, has given notice that he |
will resign from the Ministry if the
impost is not adopted.
The alternative of Send* Gammnzo's
position is the resignation of Senor j
PuigcerveT, whose following is less ,
than that of Senor Gammazo. In re- |
gard to these indications of a crisis, the
Liberal remarks:
"The soverignity, perhaps the inde
pendence of the nation, is hanging in j
the balance. Enemies menace it every- ;
where abroad, and there is famine at !
home. A solution of the problem can
not be foreseen. Industry, commerce j
and agriculture are dead. The flOTjrer
of Spanish youth is giving its life blood
to carry on the war, and weakened
mothers are nursing a new generation
amidst this accumulation of evils.
Patriotism demands our silent inactiv- j
ity, while the private partisan squab
ble over petty questions is depriving
the nation of a strong, united govern
ment capable of facing the present
struggles. The country may wait while
(vernment arranges its differ- j
ences with party politics: but Dewey, !
Sampson, McKinley and Salisbury are
not likely to wait."
The Minister of Marine, Captain
Aunin, was asked yesterday if it were '
tnip that Americans were blockading
Santiago d^ Cuba, and he replied: "It
is to be presumed that the Americans
will try to hinder our ships from leav- i
i ing Santiago de Cuba, but I am not
i certain whether the Americans arrived
in time to do so. The latest dispatch
from Admiral Cervera on Tuesday an- i
nounced that all his vessels were load- j
Ing coal."
The general impression here is that
i Admiral Cervera has left Santiago.
would practically be compelled to aban
don the Philippines and call Rear Ad
miral Devvey home, regardless of the
fact that by so doing it would leave
a condition of affairs in the Orient that
would be practically certain to bring
on a European war.
CHICAGO, May 26.— A special to the
News from Washington says: The Ger
man and French Consuls at Honolulu
have, according to information received
at the State Department, joined in a
complaint to their governments against
the alleged favoritism shown by the
Dole republican Government of Hawaii
to the United States over other coun
tries. The protest has aroused the
greatest interest in Congressional and
diplomatic circles.
RED CROSS WORK BY
VISALIA LADIES.
Over One Hundred Dollars Forwarded
to San Francisco— Novel. Plan
to Raise More Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VISALTA. May 26.— The Red Cross
interests are not lagging in this town.
A number of the ladies early took steps
to organize a branch society and have
already forwarded over a hundred dol
lars to San Francisco to be used in re
lieving the wants of the soldiers.
A novel plan to raise funds has been
arranged. The largest mercantile firm
• in town, the S. Sweet Company, has
; offered to turn theii stores over to the
Red Cross ladies on Wednesday, June
1, and 10 per cent of the sales in all
departments of the store will be do
nated to the Red Cross work. Such
ladies as Mrs. G. W. Stewart, Mrs. H.
Levinson, Mrs. L. Lawrence, Mrs. "W.
H. Hammond, Miss Florence Cross,
Miss Edna Farrow and Miss Maud
Brown will have charge of the stores.
The Officers of this auxiliary society
are: President, Mrs. Martha Stewart;
vice-president, Mrs. H. (;. Stuart; sec
retary, Miss Frances Butz; treasurer,
Mrs. C. T. Lindsey.
The Guards of Zion.
CHTCA'GO, May 26.— About 190 of the
younger members of the Zion Associa
tion of Chicago, who have formed a
military organization known as the
"Guards of Zion," have decided to join
in a body the Illinois volunteer regi
ment under Colonel P. MoGrath, where
! they will hereafter be known as Com
| panics I and M. All the members are
strong and enthusiastic young Jews.
The Chicago Jewish Courier and open
ed a subscription to defray the needs of
the organization.
Life of the Bough Riders in camp
in Tampa, Fla., described in next
Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1898.
OPPOSES THE
BOND ISSUE
White Talks on the New
Revenue Bill.
WOULD COIN SEIGNIORAGE.
SENATOR GORMAN PRESENTS
AN AMENDMENT.
It Places a Tax of One-Half of Ona
Per Cent on Certain Large Cor
porations — No Progress
on the Measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 26.
No substantial progress was made by
the Senate to-day toward the disposi
tion of the war revenue measure, al
though it was under consideration for
three hours. Speeches were delivered
on the bill by White (D.) of California
and Teller of Colorado. The former op
posed the issue of bonds and strongly
advocated the coinage of the silver
seigniorage and the tux upon corpora
tions. In his discussion of the last
feature Teller drew out the fact that
an amendment was to be offered to the
bill by Gorman of Maryland placing a
tax of one-half of 1 per cent on certain
large corporations. Teller dwelt largely
upon the proposition to levy an Income
tax. He had not concluded his argu
ment when the bill was laid aside in
order that eulogies might be pro
nounced upon the late Senator Wal
thall of Mississippi.
White delivered an extended speech cov
ering pretty fully the general features of
the bill, especially those relating to the
tax on corporations and on inheritances.
The consideration of the bill, he said, had
enlisted the attention of the country, and
many people were becoming restless be
cause a tinal vote had not been reached.
He thought, however, that the delay was
due to the peculiarity of the pending
measure. The revenue bill, upon which
the civil war was conducted, was a com
pUcated instrument, utterly inapplicable
to piesent conditions. The object of the
b.H challenged the attention and support
of every member of both branches of
Congress. All are united to present a
solid front to the foreign foe. it was no
longer' a question of doubt that all the
money necessary for the prosecution of
the vvar would be supplied. It was sim
ply the method of raising the funds that
was under debate here.
"Great as this nation Is," said he,
"mighty as are her resources, this coun
try is not now prepared to place before
an opponent its full strength, and all the
material of war residing in its bosom.
But in time, and not a very long time,
either, it will be ready to put forth its
full strength, and then this conflict will
be decided speedily."
White said he deemed it essentially de
sirable that the taxation imposed by the
bill should be spread over the country
fairly and equitably. The burdens placed
upon' the country by the war ought to be
borne by all alike.
White maintained that the placing by
the House of Representatives of one
tbird of the tax to be raised upon beer,
one-third upon tobacco and one-third on
stamps was most unjustifiable. Boer and
tobacco, it was argued, said he, were
luxuries which people did not have to
use unless they chose to do so. He ad
mitted that tobacco and beer were legiti
mate articles of taxation, but said there
could be no doubt that the burden of the
tax would fall upon the poor men of the
country.
White denounced the stamp tax as an
onerous burden, from which all would bo
glad to escape. It was a nuisance and
par excellence a tax upon the plain peo
ple.
Concerning the inheritance tax. White
maintained that notwithstanding the ob
jectione urged against It by reason of
its In Ing an invasion of the prerogatives
of the Btate, it was perfectly justifiable),
and he expressed the hope and belief that
the courts would sustain the action of
Congress in enacting the proposition into
national law.
White then entered upon a long dis
cussion of the proposed corporation tax,
which h»- earnestly support. -d. He main
tained that the corporations owed some
thing to the country, not only for their
creation, but also for the privilege of ex
istence. He maintained that the argu
ment of Senators that v tax should not
be laid against a corporation because it
was not laid against a partnership en
gaged in the same line of business was
imt .sound, as the corporation enjoyed
morij privileges than the partnership in
business and before the law. If it were
not so corporations would not be formed.
White said that Gorman of Maryland
ha;l prepared an amendment to the meus
uro which he would bo willing to support
if the general tax upon all corporations
Bbould not be deemed desirable by the
Senate. At his request Gorman sent to
the desk and had read the amendment he
proposed to offer at the proper time. It
follows:
i That from and after the passing of this act
every person, linn, company or corporation
owning or possessing, or, having the care or
management of any railroad, street railroad,
sloping car, steamboat, ship or other vessel
engaged or employed In the business of trans
porting passengers or freight for hire, or in
transporting the malls of the United States or
carrying on or doing an express business, or
having the care or management of any tele
graphic or telephone line by which telegraphic
or telephone dispatches or messages are re
ceived or transmitted, or carrying on, or doing
the business of furnishing gas, * electric light,
electric power, steam beat or steam power, or
refining petroleum, or refining sugar, or own
ing or controlling any pipe line for transport
ing oil or other product*, whose gross annual
receipts exceed $250,000, shall be subjected to
pay annually a special excise tax equivalent
to % of 1 per cent on the gross amount of all
receipts of such persons, firms, corporations
and companies oh their respective business;
provided, that the assessment hereby made
shall not include any amount of the receipts
for the transportation of persons, freight or
mails between the United States and any for
eign port; but this tax shall be rated for the
transportation of . persons, freight or malls
from a port within the United States through
a foreign territory to a port within the United
States, and shall be assessed upon and col
lected from persons, firms, companies or cor
porations within the United States receiving
I. in- or pay for such transportation of persons,
freight or mails.
White Bald it had been whispered that
the . great financial', interests which had
contributed largely to a campaign fund
were demanding as compensation for
their liberality that the burdens of the
war should not be thrust upon them. He
did not believe, however, that any Sen
ator on any side of" the chamber would be
influenced by a demand so selfish. 'He
objected to the issue of bonds at this time
because bonds were unnecessary and be
cause a great majority of the people
were opposed to them, believing they
would Increase too greatly the burdens of
the country. In conclusion "White de
clared that it would be the plain people
who would not only offer up their lives
in defense of the national honor, but who
would also .pay the bulk of . the taxes for
the conduct of the war. He appealed to
Senators to permit the bill to pass in such
form as would distribute with reasonable
equity the burdens it. imposed and. to lay
taxation that would be fair to the Amer
ican people and would reflect honor upon
the Senate.
While the special order" was pending a
bill was reported by Sewc;ll providing for
the employment of retired army officers
during the. war. It was passed.
At the conclusion of the eulogies j the
Senate, as. a further mark of respect, ad
journed until 11 a. m. to-morrow. ..,-■ : v ; ■;
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The f»9- '. / - ;; ,■■•- ■'•■:■.,■/.■ •• ' '•:■':' *-i ,:.•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Wiit*ii»i«iSiiisiiß
1 iHliliJiiilif!!! nlllilll
THE
CLOSING ,^ j!
Friday and Saturday will \\ X^-^j^^p 5
witness the closing of our great- v x (sos^ fs%2^%(fe
est of Spring offerings in thi /flV^ "~ ' ?K? K
Men's Suitroom. It has taken Js\((jpY CVi ■ f^VW /V _Jcs2i^*^S^
the town completely by surprise, rY^^^b^r, C&is^&t&flt MiWfT\ '^
c 7//(/ 7m.y made our house nearer y»*s) *? ' * \\ {?aF^B *1 '\. ■ ]J'\ >»
owe? dearer to the hearts of those $ I I \ ir^i^ St ( Fi 1/ £• I a
i hit dress fashionably. It ivas L I ' V 7 alM^i^ \ \ •LUI- 1/ >»
a phenomenal offer of phenovi- » / \ / J r^^^ ) J r^ /j\ C' $
en ally swell Suits in pretty J% / ' /""n/ Lv^ r 6
spring colorings, with double- a / y!7/\ O / A, L( \ *
breasted vest, s welly tailored, d L~J / \^^^LsJ HvK W\v \1 I V
everything that a, good Suit C^cujJj^T 1\~?^ == ' [lav \\ \1 1 111 1
should be. Double the money m \ \ iHiv\ W ill \
won't touch like suits in other i \ \\\ 'IPhP - \n>U-L
Friday and Saturday are tli* 1 -^'^ «*r '^\:V
closing days of these Suits at \\ j^^B^^tJ^^^
Jack Tar Sail-
or Tarns, in
§tjT nr j navy, red and a
V? jj lot of pretty coy-
er & Moths, fan-
t&y[t*' ci I y trimmed;
goods that were
75c; and some leathers among
'em.
These Friday and Saturday at
25c.
d- ~^> Straw Rats for
*~ i^lS^K^v boys. A pret-
[^SSSSP' iy lot °f Macki -
t naiv Straws,
big boys. A pret-
ty lot of Macki-
naw Straws,
\ '*^f ■ pure silk bands,
the very latest
rjjL&(J)\ shape, 50c val-
Friday and Saturday at
25c.
A NEW LADIES' COLLAR.
The Marlborough is one of the
prettiest Linen Collars we have
shown this sea-
ggg^- son for ladies.
.JSiiSSfiL.. li's a happy me-
|*p£|| dium between
Sson for ladies.
It's a happy rtve-
dium be/ween
the extreme
. V * I high shapes and
l ( I J the low ones. A
comfortable col-
S2B^I lar , for ladies
to wear. Equal
to anything shown in: this city
at 25c ; in our Ladies' Linen
Collar Department at
10c.
A white DDresss s
v^&i Shirt with two
nj* *' linen Collars—
)C,/j That will be a
3 * r>> w. feature in our
/1 1 'l\ White Shirt
/la 1\ section Friday
I. n I H and Saturday ,
r^hn ' fi the correct
\^~*^l^rrwb length of bosom
iflfumMflm ' end. two of the
WSlttm " most stylish
KJPMr Collars °f y° ur
WM<J-'*m own choosing.
The Shirt, in-
cluding two Collars, , Friday
and Saturday at
69c.
_ u __ m r 3 ■ Striped hose for
¥sl*s gentlemen— the prop-
iliil^^w or :il^' the proper
US IPa weight and the prop-
iSmj or tripes are the
BtJ&jSJSgJk proper caper for
nfelfllMuy\ proper dressers this
• HBlfll lll 111 Vrr> - h '^ h grade Ba! "
lia^N^^w. French heels, stripes
in fact, a big choos-
int? from the very
latest and swellest
i ««' things in Men's
Hose, equal to any 50;- Hose in town. In
our Men's Hosiery Section at
25c the Pair,
Ladies' Ties.
: A big lot of
-£^p£^ pretty Silk Ties
<*ms l^<* ? for the ladies,
fIX w H those you tie
||||k^\> p yourself, in all
/gf^js§\ "th*. very pret-
" JC*\ \^v ttest and new-
(/&\ y-^ est coloring s,
T .•' full length;
double the price
won't buy any better ones in
other stores. These in our ladies'
nectcwear section to-day and
Saturday at
10c. '
Two More Days
Of those Suits that have caused
our house to bi talked about, and
very prettily at that, those styl-
ish Toung Men's Suits for those
betiveen the ao'es of 12 and 19, I
those swell Check Suits with \
d ouble-breasted vest, those aw-
fully pretty Spring Suits; \
c mJdn t touch 'em in other j
houses at double the price~ive're \
quoting.
Just Friday and Saturday,
and no more after these two
days, at
$4.48.
THE FRISCO BOYS
PATRIOTIC •
Sol ft
(CllllllM bi
Dewey's great victory, which
ranks now as the greatest naval
achievement of the age, has
awakened a spark, of pride in
the little men of our city to don
sailor toggeries.
The little fellows are proud of
the "jdekies." as they want to
look as man-of-war' s-men-like
as possible hence we have ore-
cited an entirely new line of
sailors, the most beautiful ef-
fects in blue, the? richest of fab-
rics, and braided in a very novel
and, rich fashion, with patriotic
emblems worked in pure silk on
the shields.
These are short-trouser af-
fairs. Friday and Saturday
are stamped special days in our
house throughout the State.
These two days are recognized
by parents as days of great ad-
vantage in trading in our house.
These little sailors will form
the main feature of our Friday
and Saturday sale. Were we to
put them in stock, regularly
they would be $7. They're for
lads between the ages of 3 and
10, and on Friday and Satur-
day, and not beyond these days,
these fine sailors will be on sala
at
$3.98.
Sailor's Call Whistle and Silk
Corded Lanyard With
Every Suit.
The Dewey Alpine
This great Hat of ours has
grown almost as popular as the
naval hero after whom, it is
named: It is THE hat with the
fashionable dressers. It's in
pearl, with black band; if you,
prefer black, brown or cedar,
jrJij/, they're here in plcntitude.
No hatter shoivs a better hat at
SB. These at
95c.
A Pleasant Ride
i Is to be properly attired in the
' proper kind of a bike suit. Ours
in Scotches arc the correct kind ;
| they're tailored right; they're
I full of chic, snappiness and up-
i to-dateness ; the best of all-wool
Scotches and, tailored by the
very best tailors.
A bi:J clioodng to-day from a
lot of real swell suits at
$3.50.
34
WILL MAKE
DESPERATE
RESISTANCE
Occupation of Cuba Will
Not Be as Easy as
Reported.
Spaniards of Havana Have Good
Defenses, Plenty of Food
and Ammunition.
KEY WEST. Fla., May 26.— The feel
ing here in well informed naval circles
is rapidly changing regarding the re
sistance to be expected from the Span
iards pending the occupation of Cuba,
and upon other matters of vital import.
Every expedition that returns from
Cuba helps to dispel the belief that the
Spaniards are by any means neglecting
every precaution for a long and deter
mined resistance. It has '^een circu
lated that the Spanish ar<- short of am
munition, especially powder, but as a
matter of fact it is known here that
there is a large powder factory running
night and day turning out smokeless
and black powder. The use of smoke
less powder is proving a great advan
tage to the Spaniards. The land patrol
of the Cuban coast is excellent, while
the fleet of torpedo boats at different
points along the coast are larger in
number and size than at first calcu
lated.
The army of occupation will have to
encounter, it is claimed by a foreign
resident of Havana now here, a force
of acclimated, well drilled Spaniards
of not less than 120.000 men. This man
is in constant cable communication
with Cuba.
I asked him whether he believed the
reports of Havana becoming short of
provisions. He replied: "No; but I
can easily find out." He wrote a dis
patch to one of the secretaries of
Blanco, addressing him not in an offi
cial capacity but as a practicing phy
sician to the effect, "How are Mary and
SURPRISES ON
SLOPPY TRACK
Belmont Stakes Run in
a Rainstorm.
FAVORITE HAMBURG BEATEN.
BOWLING BROOK WINS IN
FINE STYLE.
Jockeys Webster and Matthews Are
Thrown From Their Mounts in
the First Race, but Es
cape Injury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, May 26.— 1t was a
frightful day at Morris Park to-day.
The rain poured in torrents and the
track was like a quagmire. The Bel
mont stakes, in which Hamburg was
down to appear for the first time in
his three-year-old form, was the fea
ture. There were four starters, with
Hamburg the favorite. The start was
prompt and good, with Bowling Brook
and Hamburg out in front. They set
a rattling pace at the outset and soon
opened a gap of ten lengths on Prev
ious, while Gala Day was a furlong
behind, in short order. Up the hill
they rushed like a team, but before
they had reached the summit Hamburg
was done to a turn. Then Previous
set sail foi the flying Bowling Brook
and for a few seconds it looked as if
he might overtake the leader. It was
a useless chase, for Littlefield let out a
link and it was all over. Bowling
Brook crossed the line half a dozen
lengths in front, pulled in to an abso
lute walk, while Previous got the sec
ond place by ten lengths. Results:
Six furlongs— Han well won. Lambent
second, Storm King third. Time, 1:14&
Five and one-half furlongs, selling—
Kirkwood won. Extreme second, King's
Pride third. Time, 1:00.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling—
Helmdale won.llighhoe second, Handpress
third. Time. 1:204 -
The Belmont st.ik<=-s. one and three
eighths miles— Bowling Brook, 122 (Little
field;, 7 to 2, won; Previous, 122 (Sloan),
9 to 5 and 1 to 3. second; Hamburg, 122
(Taral), even, third. Time, 2:32. Gala
l)ay also ran.
Vancourtland, seven furlongs — Sly
Fox won, George Keene second, Debride
third. Time, UK.
One and one-eighth miles— Mirthful won,
Ben Ronald second, Whistling Coon third.
Tune, 2:03.
CINCINNATI. May 26. — Jockeys
"Webster and Matthews were thrown
from their mounts in the first race at
Oakley to-day, but both escaped seri
ous injury. Weather fine; track fast.
Results:
Five furlongs — Beslque won, Rosa Masso
Becond, Merode third. Time, 1:03%.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling— Ma
Angeline won, Dr. Pitts second, Derby
Maid third. Time, 1:22%.
One and one-sixteenth miles, selling —
Evallno won, Vanessa second, Elkln third.
Time, l:bV/4.. Skylark finished second but
was disqualified.
The Emerald stakes, five furlongs— ihe
Barrister won, Peter Sterling second.
Time. 1:03%.
One mile — Lillian Belle won, Margaret
Jane second, Martha II third. Time, 1:42.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling— Three
Bars won. Millstream second, Suydham
third. Time. 1:21%.
Fatal Bailroad Accident.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., May 26.— A
passenger train on the Midland Terminal
Railroad ran into a handcar on a high
trestle near Gillette to-day, and four men
who Jumped from the handcar were
killed. The dead are: Benjamin Ebbley,
AVlliiam Flinn, James Hannahan, Ed
ward Slynn. There were twelve section
men on the handcar and all but the four
who jumped escaped uninjured.
Bead "How to Make a Fortune,"
by twelve millionaires, in next Sun
day's CalL
the children doing; have they all they
want?" The reply he showed me read,
"Doing well enough for months yet."
The same authority claims the ~uns
of Havana's fortifications are in charge
of (Jerman, French and English offi
cers, whose services had been secured
before he left the island. The same in
formation is obtained from the corre
spondent of the London Times here,
who only left Cuba a few days previ
ous to the declaration of war. He also
corroborates the figures regarding the
strength of the Spanish forces, the ex
cellence of the Spanish coast patrol,
and he expresses a belief that Havana
can hold out for months yet, so far as
the question of provisions is concerned.
The Spanish fleet, he maintains, is car
rying out exactly the policy which he
«d been informed they would follow
the Spanish authorities before he
t Cuba, and the tactics of the Span
i admiral for the future will be to
close himself up in Santiago, where
there is a good coal ba^e, and endeavor
to draw on the United States vessels to
battle. By this time the Spanish fleet
now getting ready at Cadiz will be here
to support him and to attack American
Tho plan of the Spanish, according to
a competent authority here who knows
every inch of the harbor and ap
proaches, will be this: The American
fleet cannot judiciously attack the !
Spaniards in the harbor; they can only i
blockade. As soon as the Cadiz fleet
arrives a sortie will be made and an at- I
tempt made to hem in the United
States ships in the channel and force a
' fight by land and sea.
ROADBED FOR
VALLEY ROAD
Dredgers Working West
of Stockton.
LAND WILL BE RECLAIMED
A BIG WATERWAY WILL ALSO
BE MADE.
The Channel Will Be Fifty Feet
Wide and About Ten Feet
Deep — A Great
Improvement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 26.— Vice President
Robert Watt says that the scheme of
building the roadbed across the swamp
land west of Stockton on fascines
has been abandoned, the difficulty of
getting brush for the fascines making
the construction too expensive. The
short piece of roadbed built in that way
near Old River has been a success, as
far as practicability outside of cost is
concerned, but it is much cheaper and
would probably be just as satisfactory
to throw up an embankment with
dredgers. Three dredgers are at pres
ent engaged in making a roadbed
through the swamp land between here
and Brentwood. Two of them are at
work in this county, and the third just
beyond the county line.
The dredgers must necessarily dig
1 a channel wide for them to
pass through. This channel is about
j fifty feet wide. The earth excavated is
; thrown to one side, forming the road-
I bed. In order that it may not squash
out, the embankment is being con
\ structed gradually, the height being mi
i creased from time to time as the mate
! rial hardens. By the time the roadbed
'' is finished the channel from which the
' earth is taken will be about ten feet
I deep.
This will make quite a waterway,
and as it will be seven miles long it
i might, be used to advantage for pur
j poses of navigation or drainage, but in
i all likelihood it will not be put to such
j uses, for land owners will probably
connect levees with it, utilizing the
roadbed as one levee in reclaiming
their land.
MUCH DISCUSSION
IN THE HOUSE.
Wide Bange of Argument Concern
ing the Deficiency Pension
Bill.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— 1n a long ses
sion to-day the House passed few bills,
but the discussion involved a wide range
of subjects. After a brush over civil serv
ice, brought on by a paragraph in tne
deficiency pension bill, providing for some
temporary clerks In the War Department,
the House considering a bill to amend the
internal revenue laws, listened to lengthy
speeches from Shafroth of Colorado and
Grow of Pennsylvania upon the free coin
age of silver and greenbacks as legal ten
der, respectively.
Pending an aye and no vote upon the
internal revenue bill, the House ad
journed. The vote will be taken imme
diately after the House meets to-morrow.
Dr. Ferguson Chosen Moderator.
OMAHA. May 26.— The United Presby
terian General Assembly got down to bus
iness this morning, the 250 th anniversary
of the adoption of the Westminster stand
ards. Moderator Hanna presided. The
election of the new moderator came on,
Dr. R. G. Ferguson, president of West
minster College at New Wilmington, Pa.,
being chosen by 122 out of 211 vote 3 cast.
Life of the Bough Biders in camp
in Tampa, Fla., described in next
Sunday's Call.
THE SAIST FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1898.
TERROR IN GREAT DANGER.
NEW YORK, May 26.— A Washington special to
the Herald says: The destination of the Spanish
torpedo boat destroyer Terror is unknown to the
authorities, but it is believed that she will fall in
with an American scout and her destruction or
capture is regarded as certain before she can reach
the neighborhood of the Spanish fleet. Any attempt
on the part of the Terror to pass the blockade insti
tuted by Commodore Schley will be foiled, the offi
cials say. They are certain that within a short time
the American scouts of Schley's squadron will de
stroy her.
VALLEY ROAD
CELEBRATION
A Big Jubilee at Bakers
field To-Day.
MONOPOLY'S RULE BROKEN.
GREAT CAUSE OF REJOICING
AMONG VALLEY PEOPLE.
The Demonstration Will Be the
Most Enthusiastic Event
Ever Known in That
Locality.
PRSFIELD, May 26. — Never be
the history of Bakersfleld was
so gayly and elaborately deco
it is to-night. The main streets
ana many residences are perfect laby
rinths of fluttering red, white and blue,
green and yellow, all in honor of what
this people are pleased to call "Valley
road jubilee," which will come with the
rising of to-morrow's sun. Everything
is alive with a spirit of festivity. There
has been a hard tussle between "war
and Jubilee spirits, but at last the lat
ter are triumphant, and to-morrow
promises to be the greatest day of re
joicing ever known in this portion of
the country. The thought of being re
lieved from the grinding rule of the
Southern Pacific causes old men to re
joice as they never have before and
young men to see bright visions of
commercial freedom.
Just how extensive the crowd will be
to-morrow is hard to estimate. The
advance guard began to arrive last
night, and all day the town has bustled
with the throng. Los Angeles arrived
in full force to-night, and in the morn
ing Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare
and other up-valley towns will pour in.
The trades' procession will begin at
10 o'clock and wind up at the Arling
ton Hotel corner, where speechmaking
and other ceremonies will take place.
There will be five brass bands in the
parade, besides Chinese music galore.
The Chinese feature of the parade
promises to be unusually attractive.
All the Mongolians will take an active
part in the celebration. They have im
ported $10,000 worth of trappings from
San Francisco to help their procession
al display. There is to be a Wild West
show, a barbecue, and a great ball in
the evening. The ball will take place
in a new warehouse, 60 by 400 feet, near
the Valley road depot.
Besides a vast display of fireworks,
there will be many significant features
among the decorations. One store
keeper has two windows trimmed up,
one being labeled "1888" and the other
"1898." On the former appears this in
scription "Mr. Huntington, can't we
induce you to give us lower freight
rates?" Mr. Huntington— "Oh, my dear
sir, you are unfortunately off the line
of competition."
Under the 1898 date the story appears
thus: Mr Huntington— "Mr. Farmer,
can't I induce you to allow me to haul
your wheat?"
Farmer— "Oh, my dear sir, you are
unfortunate in being located on the line
of competition."
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
•
PITTSBURG, May 28.— Totals of eight
een runs, twenty-six hits and nine errors
do not evidence scientific ball-playing.
Washington won to-day in a game so
amateurish that it was interesting. Gard
ner pitched half an inning and four runs
were scored. Tannehill pitched the bal
ance of the inning, when Leever was put
in. It was his first appearance in a league
game. He did good work until the seventh
inning, when six hits brought In four
runs. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Pittsburg 7 12 3
Washington U 14 6
Itattf-ries — Gardner, Tannehill. Leever and
Schrlver; Mercer and Farrell. Umpires—Swart
wood and Wood.
CHICAGO, May 26.— One straight drive,
two scratches and three very bad errors
gave to-day's game to the Orphans in the
seventh. Attendance 2900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 7 7 2
Philadelphia 1 11 6
Batteries— Oallahan and Donah j-j; Wheeler
and McFarland. I'mplres— Snyder and Curry.
ST. LOUIS, May 26.— The Brooklyns
succeeded in winning out from the
Browns in the ninth Inning, when Hall
failed to hold Griffin's liner. Attendance
3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 10 2
Brooklyn 4 11 2
Ratteries — Daniel 3 and Clements: Kennedy
and Grim. Umpires— C'ushman and Heydler.
CLEVELAND, May 26.— Costly errors
by McJames and McGraw caused Balti
more to lose to-day to the Clevelands.
Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 9 1
Baltimore 4 12 2
Batteries— Powell and O'Connor; McJames
and Clarke. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
LOUISVILLE, May 26.— The Bostons
fattened their batting averages to-day,
Ehret being an easy mark. Attendance
500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston U 17 1
Louisville 3 8 5
Batteries— l>ewls and Bergen; Ehret and Wil
son. Umpires— O"Day and McDonald.
CINCINNATI. May 26.— Seymour was
pounded for eleven hits and as many runs
in three innings to-day. Gettig did much,
better. Breitenstein was hit nard. At
tendance 2450. Score:
Clubs— R. H. 28.
Cincinnati 12 14 3
New York 6 14 2
Batteries— Breitenstein and Vaughn; Sey
mour, CJeHlg. Gray and Warner. Umpires —
Kmslle and Andrews.
Increases the Voters.
YOKOHAMA. May 26.— Marquis Ito, the
Premier, has introduced in the Imperial
Diet a bill lowering the standard of fr?n
chises and increasing the number of vot
ers five fold. The effect of the measure
would be also to increase the members of
the house from 300 to 432.
What pensions may our soldiers
expect in the present warP Bead
next Sundays Call and find out.
MATRON ROYCE
HAS RESIGNED
I A Sensation at Agnews
Insane Asylum.
SCANDALOUS STORIES TOLD.
A YOUNG LADY'S CHARACTER
UNJUSTLY ASSAILED.
Dr. Sponogle Also Involved by the
Talkative Matron, Whose
Charges Are Found to
Be Groundless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 26.— Miss Ella
Royce, matron of Agnews Insane Asy
lum, has resigned her position, and
there are several sensational stories
afloat as to what brought her retire
ment about. The board of managers
Tdeld a meeting at that institution'yes
terday and the session was a stormy
one. It is said Miss Royce was given
the privilege of resigning or being dis
charged, and she preferred the former.
The trouble originated thus: A story
became circulated among the young
lady attendants that Miss Royce had
accused one of their number of immor
al conduct. The young lady whose
character was impeached became in
dignant at the charge, and demanded
an investigation. Then Dr. Sponogle,
the medical director, was dragged into
the scandal. It is said Miss Royce de
nied making charges against the young
lady attendant, but s:iid that she had
stated that Dr. Sponogle had made im
proper advances toward herself. This
accusation was denied by the doctor.
It is impossible to learn just what oc
curred at the meeting, but it is said
that the managers sustained Dr. Spon
ogle and that Miss Royce was given to
understand that she would have to go.
Rumo- has it that Miss Royce's re
tirement is but the beginning of some
very sensational developments at the
asylum, and that the whole affair will
culminate in a thorough investigation.
A FATAL SHOOTING
AT DUTCH FLAT.
Robert Gawthorpe Shoots a China-
Man—Gives Himself Up and
Claims Self-Pefense.
DITCH FLAT STATION, Cal., May
16.— Robert Gnwthorpe shot and killed a
Chinaman at his mine this morning. Gaw- i
thorpe had the mine leased to Chinese,
and the killing was the result of trouble i
about the lease. He gave himself up to i
an officer here and claims self-defense. '
His examination will be held to-morrow, j
$ Perfect health and strength there is
I no substitute that can be satisfying
to those who wish to enjoy life to
the full. Perfect men are thoee who
are full of that vitality which carries
them on from day to day knowing
that they are in no sense of the word
• weak or puny. They have bright
eyes, firm limbs, confidence in all
their powers, and they are never
premature in any way. They know
what full and complete pleasure is.
They feel it always.
Men who are afraid that they are
unfitted to satisfactorily fulfill any
duty in life are miserable. The very
knowledge itself makes them nerv-
ous. They waste away. They get
worse daily. They do not sleep.
s They have cvi! dreams and are filled
j with gloom, if that is your state
5 to-day the sooner you alter it the
: better. You can be again a whole
j man. You can regain all your lost
■ vitality. You can feel the fire of
youth again if you will but try. Try,
( and try to-day.
j IVIUI
I Will you read this? "Hudyan," the
, grand specific of the Hudsonian In-
stitute, has made maniy men out of
' 20,000 of those who were weak and
i puny. It has made life one dream
j of pleasure to them again. It can-
not fail in any case. It is all-power-
ful. Write and ask about it and you
; will at once get free circulars and
testimonials showing you clearly how
it has cured permanently much worse
; cases than yours is. Ask for free
ji medical advice too. You will get it
gladiy at once.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
6an Francieco.
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral, Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet,
Handball Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dancing 1 , pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments: ojflclent
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July JL SPLENDID AKKANGEMENT
for campers.
Full information, rates and illustrated pam-
phiets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles. Cat.
SARATOGA SPHIN&S.
LnUe- County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or In San Francisco, 418 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. F., $S; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON, Manager.
nil A OOP »<>T SPRINGS. Sonoma Co
\K A fill \ Only 4V4 hours from S. F. and
UunUwU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery: excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mall: FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 HO; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:20 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and ecld
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Hound trip'
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
On Howell Mountain: elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of -water
"S degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving. $10 to $12 per week: two trains dally;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN, Angwin. Napa County, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health report on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bej-
wick, Siskiyou County, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious limcte; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sar : *arium. Pt. Helena. Cal.
HILLSIDE F^/\RM.
Fine spring water, fresh butter, eges and
milk; magnificent location; grand ncenery.
Rates V to $9 per wek: children, halt price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL, Napa. Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved: rates $10 to $13
per week. Long-distance telephone. Addreaa
5. A. HATS. Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from -Hopland; unequaled soda
nnd magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottages; terms SlO to *12 per w.»ek.
Telephone. Buy throush tickets. O. HOWELL,
Proprietor. Hopland, Cr.\.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery: boating and bathing free:
%8 to $14 per week; round trip, $9 60. H. WAM-
EOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. 0.. Lake County, Cal.
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. J. L. SPERRT, Manager
JAMES M. HUTCHINGS, Agent, 30 Mont-
gomery street.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming!
Terms, 17 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT, Napa, Cal.
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe), elevation 6507 feeet, opens June
1. Fine accommodations. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed
R. R. rates. $13 50 for ROUND TRIP. J S
i LIBBT. room 1, Flood building. San Francisco.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
,s along SAN FRANCISCO and
of'thT NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(Tb« Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over JOO. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the '.ome life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 6T.0 Market ft. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager. j
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, in Marin, Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building; Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager.
• -_-a . An ideal place for rest,
lUJ.A.^m a-» recreation -ml health.
/B"1T|I|>! Naturally warm ■" mineral
/HLV&.BIO. water In swimming tank
•*■-•*•'«•*«•' and tub baths. No stag-
.: i Ing — private rig meets
fy VO: train at St. Helena. Round
1%-fitit f¥C trip tickets. $7. Rates, $10.
111 l HH I V $!-■ $14 a week.
UJ/liMtx(J —
M. O W. Li. MITCHELL.
Manager. Lldell, Napa
S. F. Agent. . County, Cal.
F. V. OWEN. Claus Spreckels Building.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Simmer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of !an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because It Is
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. 11. H. CLEM-
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
THE GEYSERS;,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery- The hotel an enchanting
embowered home Bath house rebuilt; elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. ■ - ■■"
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming .Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 »0 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo R.iver,
2 hours from S. FFt. t 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Cruz
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly, furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop., South Ben
Lomond. ■
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOI IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well Known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed,- es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per we?k;
reads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntlnr on property. For particulars '/rite W.
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
UUUU LUtn ment go Hand in
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Ufinnn i Cal. And Eood treat -
UUUU LIiCA mont go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Lukeport. Cal.
A. H. SPUR R, Proprietor.*
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from ('azadero, on stage line
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand led wood scenery. Address J
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, r*
miles; fare, $6 45; daily stage to springs 9
miles: fare, $1; elevation 1<X)O feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and pontofflce
In hotel; rates. $10 and up; rend for book of
Information and testimonials. ED. B. WaL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
AGUA CALIENTE SPROGK HOTEL.
Sonoma Volley, two hours from S. F.. via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming und tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled end refur-
nished. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lnkeport, Cal.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake- fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
aJirf children; home cooking; boating, bathing
fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spqt In Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HE-V.TH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay
Kelseyville. Lake County. Cal.
SUMMER HO/VIE FARM.
Santa Cruz • Mountains, first-class " family • re-
sort; cottages, ; tents, hunting and fishing; . ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming- 'long
distance : telephone; campers' v return tickets
Glenwood na c f ai r Clrcular ; l ° J " H " HAESTER S.
: LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Keopened. New - management. , Beautifully
situated on Upper : Blue Lake. Lake =Co Cat
Leave S. - F. ; 7 a m : arrive : Trianon 5- p. m'
lsh l n & hunting, boating . and bathing. Supe-
rior table. ' Chicken dinners Sunday. Wednesday
and Friday. T Term . $7 to $10 rer week -
,-W. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. 0.. Lake Co;, CaL
El Paso de Robies Springs Hotel,
PASO DE RUBLES. CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED ,
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
I PON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For Information call or write \V. M. COW-
ARD. 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLLS SODA WATER.
HIILAIIINGS;
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs la America; a!l Kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tan;, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlet*.
Ban Francisco office, 31G Montgomery street.
Addrer-s HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart o? ihe redwoods. 4
miles from Glenwoud, county of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain '.cenery; c.cvation 1300
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary m
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing, p
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottageo for families. Stage fare, 50e,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery Is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PKRHACS. Glenwood.
HOWARD SPRINGS. 0..
|i fl▼▼A w€ 131 3 putah p.
41 VJ' ?V r^&^Jß^ LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office. 61J
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— Among the pines; 4000 feet
elevation: nature's game preserve; beautiful
scenery: purest air: coldest water: good shoot-
ing: fine trout fishing; home comforts. For
further information call at Trave.er office, 20
Montgomery st., San Francisco, or address L.
B. FRASIER. Sanhedrin P. O.
¥.£: TOCALOMA. ."a?
" BERTRAND HOTEL.
First - class accommodations; reasonable
rates: fishing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAXD or 321 Kearny st.
MONTE VISTA,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs of
pure, soft spring water. - Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN, Monte Vista. Dutch
Flat, Placer County, Cal.
BURLINGAME.
(San .Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. Q. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6003 feet.
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co., Cal.
ORR'S HOT SPRINGS— miles from Uklah:
charmingly located: '4 mile from the red-
woods; line fishing and hunting; free hot
mineral baths, water 106 degrees; sure cur»
for rheumatism and skin diseases; round trip
$9 50; terms $1 to $1 50 per day: best family
board. J. H. ORR. P. P.. Mendoclno Co.. CaL
WRITE W. H. MILLER. Uklah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs in Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money.
WRITE SMITH & HILL. Ukiah. for livery
accommodations to springs in Lake and Men-
docino counties to save money. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
iiLHiLL
of It Publishes the Cream of th«
3. News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BBS T WEEKLY
O< f PAPER ON TUG
) PACIFIC COAST
3 — ~v A "
3 The Best \ / Mining
~J Telegraphic \S News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \A up to date
c^ / \
o{ Not a Line of it Sensational .
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
* it ; Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, A Champ d: of
) Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NE\VSPAP£B
J ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
°X) HOME MAIL, 51.50
<=\ : INDUSTRIES A YEAR.MASSING TROOPS FOR THE ORIENT
Transports Chartered for the Next
Manila Expedition==Three Reg=
iments Selected.
ACCORDING to advices received yes
terday at United States army head
quarters and at the office of the
hern Pacific Company, the
First Regiment of Montana Volun-
teers left Ogden at 4 p. m. yester
day, and should arrive in this city early
to-morrow morning. Tho regiment may
arrive at Oakland late this evening. The
regiment commanded by Colonel Ke^sler
Is coming on a train running In four sec
tions. The first section, with 13 officers
and 233 enlisted men. Is under Colonel
Kessler: the second, with 14 officers
and 236 enlisted men. Is under Major
Cook; the third, with 11 officers and 245
men, under Major Miller, and the fourth,
with 12 officers and 263 men, under Lieu
tenant-Colonel Walker.
Six hundred and fifty volunteers from
North T>akota are scheduled to arrive in
this city on Saturday morning.
The Eighteenth and Twenty-third regi
ments of United States Infantry left New
-; or. May 23. to arrive in this city
to-morrow. It is not known at army
headquarters at what hour these regulars
will arrive, and the name? of the officers
In command cannot be given because so
many of the colonels have been recently
promoted to the grade of brigadier-gen
eral.
General Otis was busy at headquarters
yos-teroay. H* has not fully made up
h!> mind* r< surf lig the selection of troops
for the Becond expedition to the Philip
pines, but the information is believed by
The Cail to be authentic that he has de
cided on three regimems at least— First
Colorado. Thirteenth Minnesota and First
ska. Tho inspecting officers who
I I favorably upon these regiments
had not seen the Seventh California when
they presented to General Otis the result
of their observation i:i Camp Richmond.
It should be understood that the inspect
ing officers do not pass upon the merits
of the volunteers as soldiers In making
their recommendation, but simply pass
the :•• d mental equipment for ac
!l«e service in the field.
Major J. Franklin Bell, who was on duty
Francisco for many years, serving
with Major General Forayth when that
soldier commanded the Department
[fomia, is now attached to the staff
ral Merritt and is again
on duly here.
At the war office in Washington it is
thought that the next expedition for
Manila should leave this city next Mon
day In fact there was talk in Washlng
01 sending the ships out yesterday.
Inquiries were mad..- by wire if the
ships could not sail on the 26th. By put
ting on an extra rush it might be possible
to get more troops under way by Satur
• n^xr week. The Zealandia. China.
Ohio and Centennial have been chartered
for the second expedition, but the Zea
iandia is the only ship of the four that
can be put in readiness without delay.
.z steamer was towed to the Union
works yesterday, where she will be
decked and cleaned. The four ships men
t;,,iie.l should carry 4200 men, and the
Jebsem (collier) might take 300
•
Should extreme measures regarding
transportation be resorted to the Govern
ment might take the following vessels:
Queen, 272S tons, will carry 1000 men;
Senat'T (new), 750; City of Para (due June
■ tons, WOO men; City of Puebla, 2n24
tons lOuo men; City of Columbia, 2722
tons 1000 men; Oregon, 2335 tons, 800 men;
Santa Rosa. 2417 tons. SOO men; Morgan
City (due here), 800 men; San Bias, 2075
ton's. £00 men; St. Paul (new), 750 men;
Wellington (collier, could be converted),
~:A men; Brlston (collier, could lie con
verted), 750 men; Indiana (at Sound), 3158
Troopers From the Valley of the Saints Cheered on Their Triumph
ant March to Camp.
tons, 1000 men; Roanoke (left yesterday
for Sound), -' 54 ions. 800 men.
Next Sunday evening there will be ten
thousand men" in the camp at Richmond.
and the problem now confronting the
arm)- authorities is to provide transport
ation to move them to Manila. Before
the lapse of another week California's
quota under the second call may Increase
the army there to twelve thousand men.
The ships for the second expedition are
in sight, but the third and fourth expedi
tions may have to wait a considerable
length of time, perhaps until the vessels
comprising the first fleet return from the
Orient.
The fact begins to dawn on the minds
of many farsoeing men that the opera
tions at the Philippines may take first
rank in the conflict with Spain. More
troops and more battle-ships may ulti
mately be required there than are now
considered necessary. It is clear now to
the mind of the ordinary observer that a
great mistake was made in sending the
Oregon away from this coast at the time
she was .ordered to Key West. Should
Spain at the suggestion of friendly influ
ence decide to surrender Cuba and con
tend for future possession of the Philip
pines the operations in the east would be
come surpassingly important.
GENERAL MERRITT IN
CHARGE OF THE CAMP.
The Gallant Soldier and His Aids
Arrive In the City and Take
Command.
Major General Wesley Merritt arrived
, In this city fmm the East last evening.
i The hoary-headed soldier will make but
' a temporary stop here, and then continue
his journey to the Philippines, where he
; wili take command of the troops now on
the high seas and i-impi-d in this city
awaiting transports to take them to
Manila, and will also take the office of
: Governor General of the islands. General
Merritt was accompanied by his ai.ls,
' Major L. H. Strother. Major H. C. Hale
I and Captain T. V. Mott. The party was
In the best of health, and although weary
from the ride across the plains, con
fessed that the trip was not barren of
enjoyment. Major James G. Blame Jr.
was also on the train that bore General
M.-rritt and his aids to this coast. Al
though one of the officers on the staff
of the general who will invade the Philip
pines. Mr. Maine was not of the party
occupying the private car. but had a
state room in one of the Pullman sleep
ers. The reason that he did not compose
one of the military party was owing to
the fact that although he is here for the
purpose of taking charge of his com
mand, he has not as yet reported for
duty.
General Merritt was extremely uncom
municative regarding military mi-tters,
but was not reticent regarding his trip
overland, and the friendly, patriotic man
ner in which he was received after he had
crossed the California line. "Regarding
military matters and the war, I have
nothing to say," he said. "I am here on
my way to Manila, but what course I
shall pursue in the future I know not.
Regarding orders, I have none bearing
on operations for the future, and do not
know whether or not I will sail on the
next transport, or when I will leave for
the Philippines."
General Merritt's aversion to invading
the lands of the enemy with the troops
placed at his command has been partially
overcome by the fact that two regiments
of infantry and Be v era] companies of cav
alry are now headed for this port to join
ills army. From the demeanor of the
general it is manifest that he would will
ingly scatter more trained fighters among
the raw recruits of the volunteer army,
but it is also evident that he has de
termined to make the best of the situa-
tion.
The course that will be pursued when
the army and its commander, according
to his statement last evening, reaches the
enemy's lands is also still in the hands if
the authorities at Washington. A general
ARRIVAL OF UTAH CAVALRY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAT 27, 1898.
Idea, however, has been given out, and
the people are satisfied that the enemy
will be driven from the land it long held,
or will be forced to dwell there the com
batant of no man. Any resistance that
may be met will be overcome by the arms
of Merritt and the huge guns of Dewey,
the power which the Spaniards so well
know.
Speaking of his trip to this coast. Gen
eral Merritt had no complaint to make
of the treatment he received along the
route, and was pleased with the many
ovations given him at various stations in
California. At Auburn a cheering crowd
stood on the platform when the train ar
rived. One tumult of applause and cheer
ing greeted the general and his
aids from the tim<: of the train's
arrival at the station until its
departure, and many gifts of flowers were
tossed through the open windows of the
j private car in which the officers were
I seated, and they were accepted with
; pleasant words. Colonel Otis of Los An
i geles joined the party at Auburn and pro-
I ceeded to this city with It. When General
i Merritt was a general of volunteers
Colonel Otis was captain of a company in
his command. They fought together In
| Shenandoah. They fought together in
i Yesterday was the tirst time they had met
i since that hlstorio engagement, but a
j friendship was soon re-established.
At Newcastle another patriotic crowd
was met. The people, eager to get a
I glimpse of the man in whose hands such
j a great responsibility rests, swarmed into
; and around the car and heaped fruits and
< flowers within it. General Merritt. in
: answer to repeated appeals, went to the
| platform and thanked the enthusiasts for
| their patriotism and their generosity.
j "We will put all these good things to as
I good use as you have contemplated," he
j said In conclusion, and retired within his
car. At Sacramento, and, in fact, all
! along the line until the Oakland mole was
reached, he was met in the .same enthu
! siastic way, and always in some way
manifested his appreciation.
Arriving in this city the general was
met by a party of officers, prominent
among them Colonel Pope, and was
driven to the Palace Hotel. Until his de
parture he will probably make the Palace
his headquarters, and there will receive
his orders on which the campaign for the
occupation of the Philippines will be
built.
Major-General Wesley Merritt has
probably seen more active service than
any other surviving officer of the Civil
War. Besides taking a prominent part in
all the great battles fought by the army
of the Potomac, he was a leading figure
in every cavalry fight under Buford,
Pleasanton ami Sheridan— over seventy In
all. He was born in New York in 1836,
graduated at West Point in ISOO. taking
high rank for scholarship. He was com
; missioned brevet second lieutenant of
I dragoons, and in 18G2 was made captain
; of the Second United States Cavalry. At
the battle of Gettysburg he commanded
the Reserve Cavalry Brigade, and for
gallantry was breveted major July- 1,
1863. At Yellow Tavern, Va., he fought
heroically, and was breveted lleutenant
colonel May 11, 1864. General J. E. B.
Stuart, the famous Confederate cavalry
leader, received hia death wound In the
same battle, in front of Merritt's brigade.
At the Cavalry fight at Hawes Shop May
11. 1864, Merritt earned the brevet of col
onel. For distinguished services at the
Opequan, Cedar Creek and Fisher's Hill,
Va., he was breveted major-general of
volunteers. For especial bravery at Five
Forks, Sailors Creek and the final surren
der at Appomattox Courthouse he was
made major-general of volunteers, dating
fmm Five Forks. He was appointed su
perintendent of West Point Military
Academy in ISS2. In I*S7 he was commis-
Bloned brigadier-general of the United
Btatea army. His present rank is major
general in 'the regular army.
An ex-cavalry oflieer, Captain J. N.
Flint, residing "in this city, who served
directly under Sheridan from the Rapidan
to Appomattox Courthouse and saw him
every day in the saddle for two years,
has this to say of his old chief: "Merritt
was one of Sheridan's most trusted lieu
tenants. He could be relied on in any
emergency. In battle he was conspicuous
f.,r coolness and intrepidity. He never
lost his head. At the decisive battle of
Five Forks Sheridan's cavalry, with the
help of the Fifth Infantry corps, was
called upon to dislodge the Confederates
from some strongly constructed entrench
ments. The task was by no means an
easy one. Merritt fought his division for
all "it was worth. At a critical juncture
the commanding officer of a New Jersey
cavalry rode up to Merritt and informed
him that his men were entirely out of
carbine ammunition. 'Go at them, then,
with your pistols and sabers. Forward!"
he commanded. In the Shenandoah Val
ley and elsewhere, when Merritt ordered
a "charge, if one of his subordinates wns
at all bashful about leading the men he
would place himself in front of the
squad rons and led the charge In person.
Merritt also has a splendid record as an
Indian fighter. A more capable man to
THE UTAH LIGHT ARTILLERY.
CAPTAIN R. W. YOUNG, Commanding Light
Battery A.
It Is ackuowledged by officers of the United States army that the two bat
teries of light artillery from Utah now in camp in the Richmond District are
very efficient organizations. Much surprise was expressed when the fact was
made known that the Utah artilleryman were supplied with the latest Im
proved rifled breech-loading guns of 3.2-inch caliber. The equipment In this re-
Bpect is equal to that of any battery in the regular service. For many years
Utah did not draw anything from the Government to maintain a military organ
ization and the result was the accumulation of much money at Washington to
the credit of the State. Influence was exerted and the State managed to se
cure eight of the improved IS9I breech-loading field pieces —four for each of the
two batteries.
Light Battery A Is commanded by Captain R. W. Young and Battery B by
F. A. Grant. Captain Young Is a graduate of the West Point Military Acad
emy and formerly served In the Fifth United States Artillery. It is no sur
prise therefore to military men that his battery should rank so high in the scale
of efficiency. It Is likely that General Merritt may rind the Utah batteries of
light artillery highly acceptable for immediate service at Manila. Many well
posted people fancied that the War Department made a mistake when it di
rected the two light batteries of the Third Artillery to leave this station for
Chickamauga Park. It is particularly fortunate that Utah is able to reinforce
the artillery arm of the service at this time.
command the Manila expedition It would
be hard to find."
A GENEROUS GIFT.
Tobacco for All the Boys in
Blue on Land and Sea.
A generous gift, and one that will be
appreciated by all the men who serve
the country on land and sea, tomes from
the head office of the Blackwejl Durham
Tobacco Company in Philadelphia. Her
man Heyneman, the agent of the com
pany in San Francisco, was yesterday ad
vised by wire of the management's pur
pose to present every officer and listed
man of the army and navy and every'
member of the militia In camp with a
two-ounce bag of tobacco.
Immediately 3JGO packages will be pre
pared and sent forward by the Red Cross
Society for the soldiers and sailors who
started for Manila clay before yesterday.
The company expected to n*ke the dis
tribution before the ships sailed, but the
fleet got away before the firm was ready
with the tobacco, hence the goods will be
forwarded on the next steamer going out.
In order to supply all the men on the
Monterey. Philadelphia, Mohican and
other vessels of the navy and also to sup
ply the regulars and volunteers now here
and others coming it may be necessary
for the company to procure supplies of
Durham from their own customers in
California and pay the market price for
goods of the firm's exclusive manufac
ture Mr. Heyneman will make some ar
rangement for distributing the packages
of tobacco to the men in camp and on
board ship.
UTAH MOUNTED MEN.
Arrival and Reception of the
First Troop of Cav
alry.
"With the arrival of the First Troop of
cavalry last evening Utah has contributed
detachments from two branches of the
service— artillery and cavalry— for the
Philippine expedition, and It is a
dimvult matter to say which Is the finer
body of men.
The cavalry crossed the bay on the
freight steamer Transit at 5 p. m. and
landed at the foot of Second street,
eighty-four strong, under command of
Captain J. E. Came and Lieutenants B.
X. Smith and G. M. Kimball.
The troop is splendidly mounted, well
equipped and armed with Springfield
carbines and sabers. The Utah National
Guard had a fine troop of cavalry located
at Salt Lake, and when the call for vol
unteers came most of the guards en
listed. The uniforms and camp equipage
were turned over to the volunteers, and
when they rode up Market street it would
puzzle an expert on military matters to
tell thorn from regulars. The horses were
pass.ii upon by a board of army officers
before the troop left home and are a
handsome lot of animals. They stood
the forty-eight hours' journey across the
desert remarkably well, arriving here in
excellent condition.
All day yesterday the members of the
Red Cross Society worried about the
Utah cavalrymen. As they brought their
horses it was impossible to land them at
the Market-street ferry, so finally the
ladles arranged to send a supply of pro
visions down to the freight depot. A
committee accompanied the load and as
soon as the men .had unloaded their
linrsis and camp equipage from the cars,
which had been brought across the bay,
the Red Cross corps served coffee and
edibles in abundance, which were greatly
appreciated, as the soldiers-arrived so late
that there was every prospect of their
going to bed hungry but for the thought
fulness of the ladies.
After their meal cheers were given for
the Red Cross Society and "boots and
saddles" was sounded. The troop quickly
formed in line and started for Camp Rich
mond, arriving there at i< o'clock.
The advance of the troop was heralded
by saluting guns from the dome of the
stately Clans Spreckels building. Hear
ing the guns, vast throngs of spectators
nastened to Market street and cheered the
passing troopers.
It was quite dark when the troop
reached camp, but the troopers, after
F>icketlng their horses, pitched their tents
n short order and In less than an hour
a guard was established and the men en
tered upon the routine of camp life.
Their camp is pitched to the west of
the light battery and next to the French
Hospital. It was expected that the horses
for the battery would be shipped with the
cavalry mounts, but for some reason this
was not done, so the artillerymen will not
be able to have mounted drill for a few
days longer.
BIG MANILA HAWSER.
A Rush Contract Accepted by
the Tubbs Cordage Com-
pany.
Uncle Sam's representatives were treat
ed to a surprise by the Tubbs Cordage
Company yesterday. Three manila twelve
inch hawsers 200 fathoms long were re
quired for the warship Monterey, and
Admiral Klrkland was of the opinion that
it would take five or six days in which
to make them. "When the matter was
laid before the cordage company and the
manager was asked to specify a time for
the delivery of the hawsers, he took a
few minutes to consider and then agreed
to deliver all three of them In forty-eight
hours. In order to do this the works
will have to run night and day. and every
man will have to do his best, but the
management Is perfectly confident that
the works will sustain their character for
promptitude and good workmanship.
Nothing but the very best material is
to be used, and only the market rate for
such rope will be charged. The turning
out of this 3000 feet of twelve-Inch man
ila hawser In forty-eight hours will be
the quickest job ever done on the Pacific
Coast, and there have been few to beat
it in the United States.
The making of these hawsers settles all
doubt as to the manner in which the Mon
terey is to reach Manila. She will go
to Honolulu under her own steam, and
after coaling there will proceed to Manila
behind her manila hawsers. Her supply
of coal will be husbanded so that she can
cast off her tow lines at a moment's no
tice and shift for herself should an enemy
heave in sight.
The collier Brutus (late the Peter Jeb
«en) and probably the Iroquols (late the
tug Fearless) will accompany the Mon
terey, and either one of them could pick
her up and tow her along in an emer
gency. The Brutus, having 5000 tons of
coal "aboard, is the vessel that will stay
closest to the Monterey, and it will be she
that vili take her in tow at Honolulu,
wlille the Iroquois will stand by to act
in an emergency.
Will Navigate the Brutus.
PORTLAND, Or., May 26.— Ensign
Francis R. Wall of this city to-day re
ceived orders from the Navy Department
ta resort to tiio commanding officer o£
THE EMPORIUM.
At these morning sales the store gong rings at
precisely 9 and again at 12 o'clock. The goods
offered cannot be obtained at- the ,sale prices one
minute before the bell rings or one minute after. Be
. on time. :T%;
Our Best Fancy Ribbons—
j^^ At About
\**2l' Half Price —
jD>J|g^^v To-Day, 9 to 12.
I^l 7^ '11?^ They are NO T a blot < bought for a
l t^fl-M i f&l\' M special sale. They are NOT odds and
I J^.jESi I ISa >— ' ends, broken color lines or poor patterns
1 JQs=\ 'i§y\\\\\!] that vve want t0 Ket rid of, but the
/ lraa\\v ' bright, beautitul Fancy Ribbons from
v^Y/'y^^^Xrfl^y^^^ regular stocks — at these absurdly low
'//////// \|Sk&3r?rr"^ prices for three hours only.
W/// /'^^^^^^l^-}^ Five-inch Parisian Striped Duchess
'//// / £^^?& av^T fS-l^l Sa;in Faille Fancy Ribbon — rich in color-
(II it'\-2y™' W \y^\ ings — neav y m quality— sells for ~yr r
/ 5 OC ' To-day's 9to 12 price ZOC
! IK. km^ - Four-inch Delicately Woven Jacquard
""If* y'j'Jj /'if- ~ — ** Wt-ave Fancy Ribbons — raised satin
>y I;** £11 stripe— light summer colorings
.j]fjl/rfj yy 1 *' j^'j , S ell for s° c - To-day's 9to 12 -\r-
v price ZOC
Three and a half inch Bayadere Striped Liberty Silk Ribbons — color
assortment complete — exquisite quality— sells for 50c. To-day's 9to ~\p-
12 price ZOC
Several kinds of five-inch Blocked Satin Ribbons — combination gauze —
Moire Bayadere Stripes — Satin Striped Changeable Taffetas — Inter- -3^-
woven Broche Taffetas all the good colors. To-day's 9to 12 price... OOC
Five and six inch neck, sash and scarf widths — 9 lots and styles double
faced — woven Bayadere Stripes — Blocked Ombre — Moire Taffetas —
F oral Embroidered Persian Stripe— Hair-striped Taffeta Sublime Ottoman
Colored, Solid Colored Reversible Miiano — sells for 75c, 85c yard., Ap-
.To-day's 9 to 12 price .'. : 4tDC
Grocery Specials Saturday*
These five greatly reduced prices are for to-morrow
(Saturday) only. Direct Grocery Telephone — South 59.
Ghirardelli's Cocoa— j^-lb tins I9c
Pearl or Flake Tapioca— regularly 4c — 8 lbs 25c
Go den Rule Coffee — regularly 30c lb — for Saturday 25c ;
9 Ids good Rice for 50c
Imported Sardines— y a % — "asplendldartide"— regularly can- Saturday- 7c
Dress Trimmings*
Always some new novelties being received in this department Soon as
anything new or pretty appears in the market our New York buyer sends it
to us. Here are four special bargains in Trimming for the balance of the
week:
Spangled Blouses on net — jet and colored In the latest designs — bow,
knot patterns, etc. —
Black, $150 and upward ; Colors, $1.75 to $4.50 each.
Black Real Mohair Trimming Braid — size — 24 yards to a piece,
Special price per piece ZOC
Jet Bead Trimming— X and % inches wide — 6 new patterns — some <f\
with nail head effects. Price per yard >UC
Mohair Gimp Trimmings— X inch wide — black and a full assort- •* r\
mentof colors. Per yard >UC
Dress Linings*
Here's a big value while the lot lasts.
25 pieces Black and Gray Moire Taffeta Dress Lining — £-
width 25 inches. Price per yard for this lot OC
#x Yvettt*
Our third shipment of Yvette Hair
fs/^^- Sy Ornaments just received. The demon-
y o£fis strator in the notion section will do up
iWf J your hair with one of these Combs and
J Y-^ Ornaments combined and show their
/iw~^%V practical usefulness and beauty. CZC\~
Vt^V 1 Price, each
The Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar.
the collier Peter Jebsen (renamed Bru
tus), purchased in San r rancisco yester
day by the Government. He will probably
go* to "Manila as navigating officer of the
Brutus. Ensign Wall graduated at the Na
val Academy in 1880 and resigned from
the navy in 18S8. He has been connected
with newspapers in Taeoma and Grays
Harbor, and for the past four years has
been on the editorial staff of the Port
land Oregonian.
MAIL FOR MANILA.
Letters and Papers for the Sol-
diers Go on the Doric.
All mall for the following organizations
will be forwarded by steamer Doric, leav
ing San Francisco Saturday next, May
28. It should be at Station D at or before
11 o'clock a. m., that day. The superin
tendent of mails advises that mall for
troops in the Philippines should be aa
dressed "Manila, Philippine Islands."
Steamer Australia— General Thomas M. An
derson; Major S. R. Jones, Quartermaster; Cap
tain H. P. McCain; Li«utenant S. A. Clonian:
lieutenant E. W. Clark; Mr. Davis, reporter
for the New York Sun; headquarters N. C. S.,
band anil companies A. H, <". I>, E. G, H, K.
L, Second Oregron Infantry, United States
Volunteers; Lieutenant Holcombe, United
States Navy.
Steamer City of Peking— Headquarters N. C.
P band and companies A. B. C. D. E, F, O.
h| I. K. L and M, First California, United
States Volunteers; Commander Gibson, eight
officers and seventy-six enlisted men. United
States Navy.
Steamer City of Sydney— Band and companies
A, C, D, E, F, Fourteenth United States In
fantry: detachment Batteries A and D. First
Battalion First California Heavy Artillery,
United States Volunteers; Lieutenant-Com
mander Piielps. United States Navy; Chief
Engineer Chalker and twenty seamen revenue
cutter service; Major P. G. Eastwick Jr. and
companies F, I and M, Second Oregon Infantry,
United States Volunteers.
0
GOING INTO COMMISSION.
The Philadelphia and the York
town Being Rushed Into
Service.
Orders have been received to rush the
Philadelphia and Torktown Into commis
sion as quickly as possible and to trans
fer the apprentice boys from the Mohican
to the Pensacola; also to fill up the va
cancies In the training-ship with seamen
and ordinary seamen. The following are
the vacancies on those vessels:
Philadelphia.— l chief machinists,' 4 first-class
machinists. 3 carpenters'" mates, 1 blacksmith.
1 shipwright, 2S seamen. 30 ordinary seamen,
1 bandmaster and U musicians, 1 printer. - - - 1»
Yorktown— 3 - chief machinists, 3 first-class
machinists, 2 blacksmiths. 2 carpenters' mates,
1 plumber, 16 seamen, 16 ordinary seamen, 1
shipwright. ■ , - , . . .■■■■. ■
-< Mohican— l shipwright, 1 "carpenter's mate, 13
ordinary seamen. .. :
No landsmen* nor coal passers ore. wanted. .
The enlisting of the members of the na
val reserve is to besia at onca at 10 Call
THE EMPORIUM.
fornia street. The men will all get their
discharge from the State and then they
will be sworn in to serve the United,
States for one year.
The troopship Zealandia will not be
ready to sail as soon as expected. She
was to have gone on the drydock at
Hunters Point yesterday, but the repairs
to the Starbuck took longer than was ex
pected and the Zealaiulia will not bo
docked until to-day. Then she could not
secure coal at the refinery, so the sup
ply for her bunkers and hold will have
to be brought to Pacific-street wharf in
carts and transferred to the steamer from
there. It will probably be the latter part
of next week or maybe even later than
that before she is ready to start for Ma
nila.
SECOND MANILA. DETAIL
It Is Expected That It Will Sail
From San Francisco Inside
of Three Weeks.
General Otis, who has had charge of the
dispatching of the first expedition to
Manila, will to-day move his headquarters
from the Phelan building to Camp Rich
mond, where tents were erected yesterday
in the southwest corner of the grounds for
the accommodation <>£ blmseli and staff.
He will go to Manila with the second ex
pedition, which it la expected will sail
from San Francisco inside of three weeks.
How many or what truups this expedition
will consist of Is not yet known definitely.
This matter will be decided by Major Gen
eral Merritt, governor general of the Phil
ippines, who arrived in San Francisco last
evening ar.il registered at the Palace
Hotel. All future movements of the Phil
ippine expedition will be subject to the
orders of General Merritt. who will act
upon instructions from Washington.
Colonel James W. Pope, chief quarter
master on General Merritt's staff, accom
panied by his chief clerk. Captain T. S.
shea, arrived in the city yesterday and
at once set about the work of perfecting
plans to equip the troops destined for the
Philippines.
The Eighteenth and Twenty-third regu
lar infantry regiments are expected in
San Francisco within a few days from
Tampa, Fla. These regulars are being sent
to the Philippines in accordance with tha
suggestion of General Merritt, who seems
to nave appreciated the importance of tha
Manila venture and to have seen the nec
essity of having a fair proportion of well
disciplined and hardened regulars among
the invading army.
Colonel Hawkins. Tenth Pennsylvania
Regiment, received a telegram yesterday
informing him that the sum of $10,000 had
been deposited in the First National Bank
of San Francisco to pay the troops of his
regiment.
The Seventh California Regiment has
received all the supplies necessary to
complete the regimental equipment.
Detachments of Batteries A and D,
California Heavy Artillery, will take sta
tion at Camp Richmond to-riay. Twenty
flvo men from each of these batteriea
went with the first expedition to Manila,
Lieutenant Martin. U. S. A., to-day
leaves for Tucson, Ariz., to buy. horses,'
56
FRIDAY MAY 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRLCKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKEJManager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IS7«.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents. _^____
THE WEEKLY CALL. ... .-One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
INEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rig** House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 287 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet !
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— Yßaye
Columbia — " The Face In the Moonlight "
California— Hopkins Tranß-Oceantc Star Specialty Co.
Alcazar— "Yorlck's Love
Morosco'e— "Mrs. Partlngton and Her Son Ika-"
Tlvoll— "The Poster."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Sherman, Clay Hall— KnelseT Quartet, to-nl&ht.
The Chutes-Zoo. Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art'
Olympla— Corner Maßon aud Eddy streets. Specialties.
Sutro Baths — Swimming, »
El Campo— Music, dancing-, boatinc, flßhlnjr. every Sunday,
California Jockey Cub, Oaklnnd-R.-ices This afternoon.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridge & Co.— This day, May 27, Rugs, at 106
Grant avenue, at 2 o clock. x
By Frank W. Bimertieid -This day, May 27, Furniture, at
418 Golden Gate avenue, at H o'clock.
By H. L. Keed-Thls day, May 27. Jewelry, at 103*3 Market Bt.,
at 2 o clock.
By KlHlp& Co.— Thursday, June 2, Horses, at San Mateo Stocn
Farm, at 1U oelock.
THE SECOND CALL.
rHE war horizon widens. The extent of the
struggle and its duration increase as the respon
sibilities of the country transpire.
v oiunteers are the interesting raw material out of
which soldiers are made by discipline and drill. We
lift our hats to the regulars. Their exact movement,
their precision in the manual of arms, their instant
conception of the meaning oi orders and their prompt
response, all thrill our enthusiasm and rouse our ad
miration. But every regular was a volunteer once.
He had to be trained into the attitude, step and con
fidence of a soldier. He is the example to be followed
by the raw recruit. His carriage, habit of self-control,
contentment in hard marches and harder camps, are
all before the voiunteer as stakes toward which he
must train.
The training takes time. During the Civil War
great camps were maintained for the toughening of
the new regiments, and from them the drilled and dis
ciplined men faced to the front and marched away to
replace the losses of war.
At this time the 125.000 men first called for will be
forced to fight with but little preparation. The peopJe
are always impatient. They want battles going on and
require the enthusiasm of victory or the rage and
fury of defeat. War is a tragedy, and the audience de
mands that the movement on the stage must have no
lapse nor lull.
So the first call goes at it almost fresh from farms
and shops. The second call is a very wise move.
The men who respond will have some time for drill
and feeding of their martial ardor on news from the
front. They will be hardened and seasoned physically
and when unleashed will hear the long roll with no
emotion but pleasure that the time for action has
come and that the}' are ready for it.
It is probable that by the time this call is full a
third will be made and for the same reasons and pur
poses, and that within six months we will have half a
million of men under arms.
It is jost as well that, the necessity having ap
peared, we make the most of this demonstration of
our military strength and capacity while the world
sits as an audience. In the rush and emotion of war
the cost is not counted. The gain is uppermost, and
as a rule that exceeds all cost. In the final analysis
the foundation of all government is force, and a war
gives the opportunity to test that foundation. It
shows just what blow the country's united and
aggregate arm can strike, and the stronger it is shown
to be the stronger is the Government.
The country will meet all calls upon it. and, be the
war brief in duration or prolonged, the martial in
stinct of our people and their love of adventure will
supply the ranks to the end.
Coal is now a contraband of war, but what is to
prevent the Examiner from furnishing Admiral Cer
vera with a big load of the "monarchs"? The cre
matory here has demonstrated that they will burn,
and, while, the smell is far from pleasing, Cervera
would doubtless be glad to get them, coal not being
available. The Examiner could also by this means
further increase its circulation, and at even a more
rapid rate than it is now doing with the aid of the
crematory.
The two children at San Diego who discovered
that their father after killing his wife had committed
suicide, and who then went to bed and slept soundly
through the night, cannot be considered to have
highly nervous organizations. Some children would
have been scared.
In all probability a Spanish offer to free Cuba on
condition that the Cubans fight the United States
would not be seriously considered. In the first place
Spain would have to give a bond, and she is known
too well as an all-around liar to be able to do this.
Perhaps there is no wonder that the yellow cor
respondents should dream of seeing fleets of battle
ships, but having awakened it is not fair that they
should put their visions on the wire.
It is gratifying to observe that an c\ r ening contem
porary has begun to discover signs of merit in the
magnificent ships turned out by the Union Iron
Works.
Many authorities are advancing plans for the de
struction of the fleet of Cervera, but all overlook the
absolutely essential feature of first ascertaining where
it is.
Another little Spanish crisis seems to have arisen
because the new Ministers do not see any pay in
Eight.
THE CHARTER ADOPTED.
BY the vote of yesterday the people of San Fran
cisco have given their assent and approval to
the new charter, and the long struggle for an
organic law different from the complex consolidation
act has received a partial solution. It cannot be called
a complete solution, because the document voted for
will have to be amended in many respects before it
can be made a practical system of municipal govern
ment, and many sections will have to be submitted
to the Supreme Court before their meaning or even
their validity can be made certain.
While the adoption of an act of this kind as the
charter of the city is to be regretted, it is not diffi
cult to understand why the people favored it. Discon
tent with the consolidation act is of long standing and
is well founded. So often have the evils of it been
pointed out that the majority of voters who take an
interest in such matters have evidently reached the
conclusion that any change would be for the better,
that nothing could be worse than the present form of
government, and that the proposed charter, with all
the imperfections which have been shown to exist, is
worth trying at least as an experiment.
In addition to the general discontent with the con
solidation act there has been a further discontent with
the incessant recurrence of charter discussions and
charter elections. Many men xyoted for this charter
without giving it serious consideration simply because
they desired an end of the charter-making issue.
Finally, the recent scandals involving the Board of
Supervisors and the School Trustees, the defalcation
in the city treasury and the inefficiency displayed in
the management of streets and other public works,
have all incensed the people and rendered them more
than ever willing to vote for ar^-thing which prom
ised a different system of local administration.
The feature of the election most to be regretted is
the smallness of the vote. The new charter has been
adopted, but not by a majority of the whole number
of the citizens. Only about one-third of the voters
of the city thought it worth while to go to the polls.
We have, therefore, to face a new charter which pro
vides a form of government radically different from
any with which we have had experience imposed
upon the city by the vot« of hardly more than one
filth of the voters whose property and whose welfare
is to be affected by it.
While the lack of a full vote can be accounted
for only upon the ground of a widespread popular in
difference to municipal affairs, it is not right to as
sume that all who did not vote were among those
lacking in civic patriotism. The closing of the polls
at S o'clock in the afternoon undoubtedly had the
effect of depriving many workingmen of the privilege
of voting. It has been the custom with us to keep the
polls open until sunset, and believing this rule would
be followed yesterday a considerable number of men
postponed voting until after the closing of their shops
and places of business at 6. When they went to their
polling places they found the polls closed and their
franchise forfeited. So large a number of voters
among the workingmen of the city were in this way
deprived of voting that it will be difficult to persuade
the public that the charter advocates did not deliber
ately plan the early closing scheme with the precise
intention of shutting out as many votes ?.s they could.
THE JOURNEY OF THE OREGON.
BY her successful voyage around South America,
confronted at almost every moment in the lat
ter portion of the journey by the possibility of
an attack from a Spanish squadron, the Oregon has
accomplished one of the triumphs of the war. Her feat
and its effects are hardly less important than the
achievement of a considerable victory in battle. It
has strengthened our fleet in the Atlantic and has de
monstrated that a battle-ship is capable of making
the longest ocean voyages and can operate with vigor
wherever required.
While the exact course pursued during the latter
portion of the voyage and the exact date of her ar
rival at Jupiter Inlet have been kept secret by the
Navy Department for obvious reasons of war, enough
is known to justify the estimate that the speed at
tained averaged upward of 200 miles a day, and pos
sibly more. This record is one that has given the
highest satisfaction to naval authorities and is a mat
ter of no little pride to Californians at Washington,
inasmuch as it clearly proves the excellence of the
ship-building of our workshops.
The general rejoicing over the accomplishment of
the Oregon ought not to lead us to overlook, how
ever, the risk of the voyage or the length of time re
quired to make it. What has been so successfully done
during a war with Spain could hardly be repeated
in a struggle with any first-class naval power. The
more important lesson to be learned from the event
is the need of the construction of the Nicaragua canal.
The very fact that our Government and our people
are so rejoiced by the safe arrival of the ship is a
proof that no such voyage should ever be required of
an American battle-ship in any future war.
OBJECT TO THE SLOGAN.
A SECTARIAN gathering back in Massachusetts
has forwarded to the Secretary of the Navy
a protest against the slogan, "Remember the
Maine." They object to it as not indicative of a
benign spirit of peace, and if fraternity and esteem
should characterize a war cry, doubtless the objection
is well founded. However, when nations meet in
deadly conflict there is apt to exist between them an
inimical prejudice, and if they were to adopt as a
rally something like "Love your enemies" they might
be accused of insincerity.
It seems to us that "Remember the Maine" is a
pretty good slogan. It is comforting to ascribe to
this country the loftiest of motives, but the motive
of at once punishing a crime and sustaining the honor
of a flag repeatedly assailed is far from ignoble. The
truth is that the United States has taken up arms be-
cause the Maine is remembered — to have forgotten it
were a shame — and whatever else may be in view
must be considered as collateral.
There was sympathy for the oppressed of Cuba, but
oppression could have proceeded until famine had
killed the last Cuban before there would have been
more than a moral interference, and such interfer
ence would have been wasted. Now the scheme v has
broadened and the results are to be far-reaching, but
the seed from which hostilities sprang was the shat
tered Maine sunk treacherously in Havana harbor.
Let the boys remember it. Soft words and goody
goody sentiment have a place, but it is not on the lips
of soldiers at the forefront of strife.
Probably there is nothing in the rumor that Spain
intends to send more ships to Havana. That country
is having trouble enough without actively planning
hara-kiri.
Senor Capdepon likens his nation to a brave duel
ist. The figure does not seem apt. Few brave duel
ists demonstrate their courage by skulking behind
the trees
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1898.
GEN. MERRITT'S RESPONSIBILITY.
CERTAIN statements reported to have been
made by General Merritt in regard to the Phil
ippine expedition, together with his known ob
jection to venturing upon that campaign with the
force originally designed, have subjected him to
more or less severe criticism on the part of a con
siderable number of newspapers. It has been charged
that his action savored of insubordination, and that
he has set a bad example to the army under his com
mand by even hinting at an objection to obey orders
and go wherever commanded.
The criticism is ill founded. The duty of unques
tioning obedience does not apply to a commanding
officer on whose foresight and military sagacity de
pend the lives of his soldiers and the cause of his
country. On him rests the responsibility of success
or failure, victory or defeat, and that responsibility
not only gives him the right to weigh and consider
every circumstance and detail of the movement he is
to undertake, but imposes it upon him as a high duty
to see to it that the force and the equipments pro
vided for the work are sufficient to accomplish it
without taking desperate chances in the hazard of
war.
General Merritt is not a subordinate officer. He
j is not one of those who have no right to criticize the
I conduct of war. He holds a higher rank than any
j other West Pointer in the service. He has been
chosen to command an expedition which is to take
thousands of Americans to a far off land, separated
by a wide ocean from their base of supplies, where
they will find themselves surrounded by an alien pop
ulation of millions of more or less warlike people.
Under such circumstances he would have been lack
ing in a sense of the responsibilities of his command
if he had gone at once without taking account of the
dangers and difficulties before him and the means by
which he could overcome them.
It will be remembered that when at the outbreak
of our Civil War General Sherman said ioo.ooo men
were needed for the Army of the Ohio alone he was
regarded as a crank. Such a statement on his part
was considered a criticism on the conduct of his
superiors and came near resulting in his retirement
from the service. The event proved that he was
right. In the end more than 100,000 men were found
necessary to drive the Confederates out of Kentucky
and Tennessee.
General Merritt, in demanding a larger force for
the invasion of the Philippines than was at first as
signed him, was clearly as much in the right as was
Sherman in 1861. The Government at Washington
has itself acknowledged the justice of at least one of
its claims, for it has increased the strength of the
regulars in the force from 1000 to 5000 men. Doubt
less other of his representations will have equally
good results, and the Philippine expedition will go
out equipped for certain victory and not as a for
lorn hope of daring and courage.
America has reason to be proud that she pos
sesses thousands of brave soldiers who go to the
front not counting the cost and careless of the con
sequence?. It is gratifying to have loyal heroes who
know that in times of danger it is "theirs not to rea
son why, theirs but to do and die." Nevertheless it
i<= also good for America that she has generals who do
count the cost and are not careless of consequences.
Rash critics who stay at home may shout "On to
Cuba" and "On to Manila" with Impunity. They are
not going to suffer. The brave boys who are to make
the expedition, however, are fortunate in the fact that
they are to be under a comtrander who knows that
war is not a matter of romance and who will see to it
that they go to the front under conditions which will
enable them to do something more than die there.
COAL AND "COALING."
I^IIE other day several members of the Bohemian
Club sent a message to Sir Henry Irving, the
famous English comedian, in which they con
' gratulated him upon the prospects of a diplomatic
alliance between the United States and Ureat Britain.
Mr. Irving answered promptly that he hoped the as
pirations of the two peoples would soon be realized,
and then he added, "We shall coal together."
The humor of this will be understood and appre
ciated by all who have observed the course cf events
during the present war. Every dispatch from the
j front is loaded down with information concerning the
; coaling of the war vessels. Before Commodore
■ Dewey smashed the Spanish fleet in the harbor of
Manila he "coaled" at Hongkong. Admiral Sampson
I and Commodore Schley have done nothing but "coal"
ever since they began their ghostly vigil in the
Windward^ Passage. Admiral Cervera "coaled" at the
; Cape Verde Islands and again at Curacao. A great
i deal of the news that conies from the front concerns
the maneuvering of colliers, and occasionally we get
a minute description of how a Spanish or American
; ship "coaled" at sea.
In fact, thus far the war has been a case of "coal
ing" and burning coal altogether. Without coal it
appears the conflict would come to a speedy end. On
her trip to the Philippines the Monterey will "coal"
three or four times. In Congress "coaling stations"
are the burden of every legislator's thoughts, and if
we are to believe the Washington correspondents the
principal duty of Secretary Long and the Board of
Strategy is to get coal to the American ships. Coal
appears to be king.
It is not unnatural, therefore, that Sir Henry Irving
should say that in the event of an alliance between the
United States and Great Britain he will "coal" with
the Bohemian Club. Sir Henry has "coaled" with the
Bohemian Club before. On the occasion of his last
visit to this city the club consumed a large quantity
of "coal" in giving petit soupers in honor of the dis
tinguished actor. In case the alliance referred to is
effected perhaps he may come over here and "coal"
permanently. That would n®t be an entirely unwel
come result of the war.
According to a Madrid paper the average height
of the American soldier is 5 feet 2. By the same
authority Colorado is a place in the State of Denver,
and St. Louis is located in "Missipa." These ex
cerpts from the knowledge-box of the editor are
quoted not for their intrinsic value, but to refute the
slander that the Spanish are not an intelligent people.
Suggestion has been made that a penalty be pro
vided for merchant vessels whose captains ignore in
structions and cross the mine fields. Perhaps to touch
off a mine or two opportunely would be as instructive
a penalty as could be devised.
There are some regulars on the way to this city.
When they arrive they will find the Red Cross women
ready to greet them. All soldiers look .like to these
great-hearted ladies.
It would seem that a real yellow paper is unable to
announce correctly even so small a matter as the
route to be taken by a regiment of soldiers from
their camp to the wharf.
A SENATOR'S VIEW OF AN ALLIANCE.
THE general policy of England is in accordance with ours; that is to say,
she wants open ports everywhere all over the world, and so do we. She
gives her colonies greater freedom than any other nation, and that, too,
is in line with our American idea. So far as we have sympathies with
the colonies of European nations, we certainly have more sympathy with
English colonies than with any other. So that, if the continent of Asia,
like the continent of Africa, is to be divided up among the European powers, it
ls more in accordance with our natural sympathies, as well as in line with
our material interests, for us to prefer that England should get the largest
share of it.
These are the closing words of an article prepared by United States Senator
William E. Chandler, in which he discusses the conditions arising from and
likely to be brought about by the war with Spain:
"The new feature in our international relations is already evident In tho
great change which has taken place in the feeling between England and this
country. This change of feeling is palpable in both countries. The way in
which the British Government has acted during the past few weeks, ever since
ou* dispute with Spain reached its culmination, has made a deep and lasting
Impression upon the American people.
"There has never been any very bad feeling between England and the United
States, except what has grown out Oi. what I may call the assumption of England
toward us of the tone and manner of the
uig orotner to the little brother. Eng
land, in times past, has been disposed to
Play the big brother. When we have
had a difference with her she has seemea
to assume to treat it, and to decide it,
not as if we were a nation of equal
power and dignity with herself, but as
if she, having that big navy of hers, waa
entitled to act on the big brother prin
ciple and say: 'We are going to have
it so and so, and you help it if you can.'
In order to get at a working basis
of alliance with the English, which this
war has brought into sight as a distinct
possibility, some method will have to be
found, of course, of deciding questions
between the two countries on some other
principle than that. It Is evident enough
that an alliance between the two na
tions, or, let us say, an understanding
between them as against the rest of the
world, would not last long if, whenever
a dispute arose between themselves,
.England were to assume, as she has
done on previous occasions, to settle it
by her ipse dixit. The big brother atti
tude will have to be given up forever.
And unless some other way of adjusting
differences between England and our
selves can be found the danger will be
i Zl e^ntually we shall ally ourselves
world ° grtat nations of the
r,0," 1^F ngrland ls seeking to make her
n^vy bigger than the combined navies
Z. V) *■})? other srr eat Powers of the
world, then all the other nations will
naturally find themselves in a sort of
conspiracy to act together to offset, and,
v possible, at some time to overmatch
England s supremacy. That undoubtedly
has been the recent tendency of things
n™ ■ j t Jl " as t)t ' en tne tendency.
in my mind, I confess, to look upon that as the natural order of things. But now
i, d ™. 'luiteI uite strongly led in the other direction, to consider whether there
snouid not be an English alliance, or an understanding that would be equlva
and br hA ■ ance> Det ween the United States and England, for certain large
r.,,/' AS K Umine that Wft can nrHt arrange a basis for a fair adjustment of dis
putes between England and the United States in such a way as would distinct
ly guarantee to this country absolute equality with England as a great power,
?h £ dlstlnct recognition of certain fundamental American principles— notably
tne Monroe doctrine— l believe there are good reasons for such an alliance. There
is not merely our common language and the ties of race, but as regards inter
national questions there is a broad community of interests.
1 have no particular sympathy with the idea that every generation must
ana ought to have a war, in order that the courage of the nation may be pre
served and the sterner virtues of manhood be maintained. That is a theory which
nas been heid uy men of considerable eminence, who have believed that without
tne hard discipline of wars, occurring at more or less regular intervals, the
vinuty of a nation is in danger of being lost, so that its people will degenerate
intosoftness and weakness.
''Bin while I do not share this view of war, I note it as a curious fact that
in the past century and a quarter of our existence as a nation events have con
spired in such a way as to give u-s exactly one war to every generation
l tius, in the first quarter-century we had the war of the revolution; in the next
quarter-century the war with Mexico; in the third quarter-century the
war of the rebellion; and now, when fta last quarter was running to its close
without any war, lo and behold! we have this war with Spain.
"W hatever may be said about the blessings of peace— and assuredly they are
very great— it is undeniable that war, particularly when it is a war waged as
this one is, for what the nation believes to be a just and righteous cause, must
pave .iii enormous and wholesome tonic influence, bracing up not merely the
tower and physical but the higher and moral life of the nation engaging in it
Suppose, if you please, that this Spanish war were to come to an end now
and that no more fighting were to be done. It would have been a short conflict
with no great loss of life, and yet we would have already made not only a
great naval but a great military demonstration; we would have given ourselves
assurance, and, at the same time, shown to the whole world that we have a
mighty reserve power, both on land and on sea.
"We have made a demonstration something akin to the memorable grand
review that took place at the close of our Civil War, and which gave us a
spectacle on Pennsylvania avenue which, as 1 look back to it I feel was a
splendid object lesson as to the vital strength and resources of the Republic, and
was of incalculable value in its moi.il influence upon foreign observers. A sim
ilar thing is now going to nappen again. \y e shall put our 125.0)0 militia in line,
and whether we have to send them all t o the front or not. we shall, by and by,
bring them together in one great ass cm bly here at Washington, and the moral
effect of that as a demonstration of ooru r latent power aa a nation will be great
and valuable. The war may be too ssorth ort to require us to use this latent power
on which we have made the first call— and tne shorter the war is the better we
shall be pleased— but even if it ends to- morroW( this demonstration of our ca
pacity for war on a great scale has bee n ma de, and its moral effect will remain.
•'Moreover, attention having been c. llled in a pointed way to our deficiencies
in military organization, in coast defe nses and ;n; n na val equipment at various
points, the country will now insist tha t tney P hall be remedied at whatever cost,
so that we shall never at any future ti me fl - nd ourselves taken by surprise or at
a disadvantage in facing any foreign co mp j ication
"This war Is a fortunate war in ma ny ways. i t comes at a good time and
under fortunate circumstances for us It j- s> ln mv op j n i oni going to save
several other bigger wars. If we na,j shown pusillanimity now we should
have taken our place as a second-clas s power with this extremely probable
result— that other nations, perceiving u s to be a second-class power, not willing
to light even Spain on a question invol ving . American principles and American
interests in the hemisphere, would nav fi taken advantage of the discovery to
embark in various ambitious enterprls ps of thejr own on this side of tne w-orld.
Emperor William might possibly. In s ucn an event have bought St. Thomas
and St. Croix; other powers might ha\- boupnt other American possessions;
England, without conquering v enezuei a mlght have purchased Venezuela, and
a whole series of similar acts might ha ye f olloWf . d on t he part of European pow
ers in this Western half of the world i f we had proved i n this exigency that
we are not ready or willing to fight bP !lin for good cause .
"The Monroe doctrine would thus ha ye been made to disappear, unless we had
been prepared to enter upon an armed contestc ontcst to prevent such action by these
great powers, a war with any one of ww n jenj en would have been much harder to
fight than this one with Spain. Hence i t ls qu ite dear to my mind that this war
is most fortunate, in this respect, at Wast— that it will have the effect of pre
venting larger wars, which otherwise w,, u i,i have come upon us, unless we had
been willing, not only to give way to S pami |y U t to surrender our Monroe doc
trine.
"The Monroe doctrine is only inciden ta iiy touched by our action ln the case of
Cuba. The Monroe doctrine has alwa ys implied the recognition of existing Eu
ropean Governments in this hemisphere DUt on i y upon this condition— that any
European power having possessions her c which i\ grossly misgoverns we shall
feel it to be our right and duty to expe] P have never taken the position that
European powers already established h ore were to be driven out, but simply that
they should make no new establishments here, and, as a corollapy. that such ter
ritories and peoples as were already vn der their dominion should be well gov
erned.
"This exceptional attitude which we have taken toward Spain— demanding that
she must go, bag and baggage, entirely out o f America— is the only case of the
kind that can arise, because Spain is th c on ly European nation that misgoverns
on this side of the world. England doe s nn t misgovern her colonies; she holds
those of her colonies that are composed of civilized people capable of self-gov
ernment with their own consent, and. so f ar as I know, that is true also of
France and Germany. So that the reas on f or which we are fighting Spain, while
it bears incidentally upon the Monroe d oc trine, cannot possibly lead us into a
war with any other European power.
"This war is fortunate, too, in this, that, while Spain is not so powerful a na
tion as to make it prudent to avoid a Conflict with her, yet she is not so weak a
nation as to make her an unworthy antagonist, or one whose defeat will be an
inglorious thing in itself. Her strength and resources, and the extent of her na
val and military establishments, are not so small that we can be charged with
making a cowardly fight. Her expulsion by force from this hemisphere is, in
deed, no holiday affair.
"It is furthermore exceedingly fortunate that the United States goes into this
war not for itself, nor to gain anything for its own aggrandizement, but sim
ply to fight for friends and neighbors Yet another piece of good fortune for us
is'that things are so situated in Europe at this time that Spain cannot get any
help from the 'concert of Europe.' which, three or four years hence, she might
be able to get All the conditions of the time, and, it seems to me, all the cir
cumstances of the war. are in our favor. My feeling is that it is 'manifest des
tiny ' clearly indicated by these fortunate circumstances to which I have al
luded I think it will appear in histoiv, both as to its immediate outcome and
as to the far-reaching consequences of which I have spoken, as altogether one •>•.
the most fortunate wars in which rmy nation ever engaged. And the world may
well infer that if we will take such a stand and make such sacrifices for a
neighboring people, we would certainly fight for ourselves and our own inter
ests still more readily and resolutely."
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS.
"W. C. Stanley, a Eureka mining man,
is registered at the Grand.
Mary E. Lease, the woman suffrage
champion, is at the Palace.
Mrs. B. H. Austin and daughter of Chi
cago are guests at the Occidental.
Arthur Oieason, a prominent citizen of
Pasadena, is registered at the Baldwin.
Professor Allandyce of Stanford Uni
versity is one of the arrivals at the Cali
fornia.
H. C. Shaw, a manufacturer of agricul
tural implements in Stockton, is staying
at the Lick.
William B. Clark, George Miles and
Thomas McKlnnon, all of Boston, are
registered at the Occidental.
Among the arrivals at the Baldwin are
P. P. Baggert of Chicago and John T.
Sullivan, the proprietor of Ben Lomond.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, A. C.
Cleveland and George S. Nixon and W.
E. Griffin, mining men of Nevada, are
among the arrivals at the Palace.
H. I. Seymour, a prominent brewer of
Sacramento; George Mainhart, a Grass
Valley mining man; Dr. B. A. Plant of
Santa Cruz and J. F. Devendorf, a San
Jose real estate man, are among the
guests at the Grand.
Miss Rosella Pitman, sister of Sir Isaac
Pitman, died recently in England, aged 87
years. She was as enthusiastic on the
subject of shorthand writing as was her
brother, the inventor of the system
which bears his name, and for nearly
half a century taught it in public schools.
SENATOR WM. E, CHANDLER.
STANZAS OF FREEDOM.
Men whose boast it is that ye
Come of fathers brave and free.
If there breathe on earth a slave
Are ye truly free and brave?
If ye do not feel the chain ,
When it works a brother's pain
Are ye not bane slaves indeed,
Slaves unworthy to be freed?
Women who shall one day bear
Sons to breathe New England air.
If ye hear without a blue l -
Peeds to make the roused bl od rush
Like red lava through your veins
For your sisters now in chains
Answer: Are ye fit to be
Mothers of the brave and free?
Is true freedom but to break
Fetters for your own dear sake.
And with leathern hearts, foriret
That we owe mankind a debt?
No', true freedom is to share
All the chains our brothers wear.
And. with heart and hand, to ba
Earnest to make others free!
They are slaves who fear to speak
For the fallen and the weak;
They are slaves who will not choose
Hatred, scoffing and abuse,
Rather than In silence shrink
From the truth they needs must think;
They are slaves who dare not be
In the right with two or three.
JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL,.
MARCHING UP MARKET STREET.
The T'tah volunteers were given great
demonstrations all along the route to
San Francisco; there they were given
an ovation. No finer men have marched
up Market street than those from this
State, and none will. It is a pity they
did not have their horses with them
that they might have taken their can
non with them through the city, as there
is nothing looks so soldierly and warlike
as fully manned batteries moving along;
nothing so well symbolizes war as artil
lery.
But what a pleasure It Is to know how
enthusiastically the volunteers were re
ceived. It is the reception given to those
from all the States, and they are all
equally deserving of it. ir MT ,
In a few days the people of San Fran
cisco will have the pleasure of witnessing
the Utah troop of cavalry march up
Market street. They will present as sol
dierly an appearance as did the »rtiuer\ -
men. Not only are they good cavalrymen,
but they are horsemen on good horses.
They will receive the same ovation as did
the "batteries.— Salt Lake Herald.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PUKE GOLD— C, Auburn, Cal. Pure
gold is 24 karats fine. Its fineness is
the public debt.
ADELINA PATTI— C, Auburn, Cal.
Adelina Patti was born in Madrid. She
is of Italian extraction.
CHICAGO, RECORD— A Reader. Mill
wood, Fresno County, Cal. The Chicago
Record was established in 1575.
TESLA— C. Auburn, Cal. A letter ad
dressed to Tes=la. the electrician. New
York City, will reach him.
THE Dt'RRANTS- Reader, City. The
Durrants, parents and son, were all born
in the Dominion of Canada.
TESLA— C, Auburn, Cal. Pure gold Is
twenty-four karats tine. Its fineness is
reduced by the amount of alloy that is
added to it.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE— R. J. C, Val
lejo, Cal. In the State of Washington
woman suffrage at this time is limited
to vote for school officers.
TO DUPLICATE THE IOWA— A
Reader, Millwood, Fresno County, Cal.
It is stated that such a battleship as the
lowa could be duplicated, ready for sea,
in about fourteen months, if it was on a
rush order.
THE CHURCH CASE— L. V. R., Col
lege Park, Cal. The case of Church vs.
Church in Oakland was set for Monday,
May 1(5, but was not disposed of on that
day. None of the points asked about have
been decided.
GOVERNMENT SPEEDS— L. F. C. City.
There is no place in this city that is a
depository of Government seeds, from
which the same are distributed. Applica
tion for such must be sent to the De
partment of Agriculture, Washington,
D. C.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY-S.,
City. If you will go to the Free Library
you will find in the reference room a file
of the Bulletin, and in the advertising
columns on the 14th of December, 1597,
you will find the biennial statement of the
Savings and Loan Society of unclaimed
deposits.
TRADE DOLLAR, BANK NOTES— W.
M., Santa Rosa, Cal. From 1573 to 1876
the trade dollar was a legal tender to the
amount of ?5. In the last-named year
that provision was repealed. The cur
rency laws of the United States say that
national bank notes are not a legal ten
der, but are receivable for all public dues
except duties on imports and interest on
the public debt.
ARMY AND NAVY PAY— W. H. 8.,
Oakland, Cal. This department has not
the space to give "the pay of the officers
and of the enlisted men of the United
States army and of the United States
navy." The amounts paid each branch
of the service can be found in the United
States Army Register and in the register
of the commissioned and warrant officers
of the United States navy.
JOHN ERICSSON— C. W., City. The
remains of John Ericsson, the builder of
the Monitor, were placed on board of the
cruiser Baltimore August 23, 1890, and by
his own request shortly before his death,
and by the request of the Swedish Gov
ernment, were transported to Stockholm,
Sweden, where they were received and
Interred with impressive public ceremon
ies.
GAS COMPANIES— P. D., City. Section
629 of the Civil Code of this State says:
Upon the application in writing of the owner
or occupant of any building or premises dis
tant not more than ion feet from any main of
the corporation, and payment by the applicant
of all money due from him, the corporation
must supply gas as required for such buiMingr
or premises, and cannot refuse on the ground
of any indebtedness; of any former owner or
occupant thereof, unless the applicant has un
dertaken to pay the prime. If. for the space
of ten days after such application, the cor
poration refuses or neglects to supply the gas
required, it must pay to the applicant the sum
of J".O as liquidated damages, and %o
a day as liquidated damages for every day
such refusal or neglect continues thereafter.
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits; 50c Ib; fire-etch bxa.»
Peanut taffy; best in the world. Towns
end's, 627 Market (Palace Hotel bid*.). •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ «
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
No man with a full beard knows
what it really means to blush.
Some women never know when their
husbands' wives need a change.
"When a man quarrels with a girl and
doesn't want her to make it up he be
gins to call her "my dear child."
The first time his wife cleans house
every man makes up his mind that if
she ever tries it again he will leave her.
As long as a girl has time to remark
about men having nice names she
hasn't given up all hope of getting
married.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the g-ums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
COROXADO — Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado. $65; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery St.,
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, nwr. Hotel del Corona
do, lata of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Cut rates to all points East. Call on T. K.
Stateler. General Agent. 63S Market St.. S. F.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure the wor*|
cold in twelve hours, or money refunded. N»
Percentage Pharmacy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANOTHER SPANISH VIC-
TORY!
Spain shouts. Will somebody tell him
when he is licked. He don't realize
that he is badly "done up" already.
You may not. realize that your linen is
badly "done up," either, until you com-
pare It with some of the exquisite work
done at this laundry. Our laundry
work is simply perfect, and can't be
improved on. A test is all we need to
make you a patron always.
United States Laundry Office, 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420.GENEROUS CHECKS
TO THE FUND OF
THE RED CROSS
Soldiers in Camp Grateful for the
Treatment Given Them by
Californians.
Claus Spreckels $1000
Mrs. A. S. Townsend.... 1000
Fire Department Be
nevolent Association 500
Since beginning their noble work of
caring for the volunteers the ladies of
. d Cross Society have had very
little trouble In gaining subscriptions
from a generous and patriotic public.
Money lias poured In from individuals
.and bodies In amounts of from $1 to $1000,
but the largest donation made up to the
present time by Individual citizens was
received l>y the society yesterday. Mrs.
W. r>. Harrington, who locks after the
destinies of the organization, was agree
ably surprised to lind among her ex
tensivernal] the following interesting com
munication:
May M, 1898.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington. President l.^-d CrOM
■: Madam: Since the recovery of
n-.y father from his late serious illness, he
has? 1 Me and patriotic work
!y. and has instructed me to
pen.! you the inclosed check for one thousand
THANKS FOR GENEROUS DONATIONS.
Headquarters Red Cross Society.
SAX FRANCISCO, May :■;. :
Mr. Clave Spreckeis— Dear Sir: The
Red Cross Society acknowledges wirh
profound gratitude the receipt of jour
liberal gift of one thousand dollars to
the funds of the society. In time of
the city of San Francisco has
foi;..d you among the leading and
most energetic promoters of its In
dustries and trade. This proof of your
■ Bity to those who are now en
listed in their country's defense is evi
dence that in time of war you are im
bued with the same intelligent and
broad-minded spirit.
Trusting that you may soon be re
stored to health, we remain, dear sir,
yours very truly,
MRS. WII.LARD B. HARRINGTON,
President State Red Cross Society.
MRS. JOHN P. MERRILL,
President San Francisco Branch Red
Cress Society.
dollars ($1000) as his contribution to the cause.
Yours truly. JOHN D. SPKEi'KELS.
The news of the handsome donation
was immediately spread among the work
ers, and exclamations of joy were heard
on every hand. Hardly had they died
away when another $1(XK) donation was
received, the generous subscriber being
Mrs. A. S. Townsend of 1221 California
street. The Fire Department Benevolent
Association sent a check for $5'W, with a
note stating that it would be followed
shortly by its duplicate.
These splendid offerings have brought
the fund to over $30. iX», w f hich is being
utilized in buying necessaries for the men
who have enlisted in their country's de
fense.
It is with regr.n that the board of man
agers has found it necessary to recall the
subscription booKS which the b<>na-fide
workers have been ■ fdentials,
as unscrupulous and unpatriotic impost
era have duplii • books. The
public is warned not to pay over any sum
to any ont- until further notice. AH sub
scriptions should be taken to the society's
headquarters in the Claus Spreekeis
building or to its supply depot at 16 Post
street.
The French Hospital has won praise
from the Red Cross Society by its kind
and warm-hearted help. During the past
few weeks the Institution has cared for,
on an average, forty soldiers a day.
Everything possible has been done for
the patients, and blessings have been
showered on its humane managers. The
hospital has given the troops the free
use of its telephone, has furnished hot
water to them, and hits tendered every
comfort in its power. A second adjust
able hospital tent was presented to the
Sanitary Corps by the hospital, which
will be taken to Manila,
The Duncombe ambulance has been at
the disposal of the Red Cross for the
past few weeks and is doing yeoman ser
vice in transporting the sick arrivals.
Superior Judge Hunt has a warm place
in his heart for the Red Cross. He has
pet an example to many by his work in
the cause. Yesterday he visited his fel
low Judges and collected $2 50 from each,
which he invested In flannel to be used in
the making of abdominal bandages.
Rudolph and Helen Bertheau, the chil
dren of Caesar Bertheau, are arranging
a novel exhibition for the benefit of the
Red Cross Society. They intend to ex
hibit, on next Saturday and Sunday after
noons, in their home, 2112 Valleio street,
a miniature fac-simile in tin of the troops
of the Franco-Prussian war. There are
In all over 3000 soldiers. They will be ar
ranged on a large table in such a way
that all phases of army life will be de
picted Reproductions of Emperor I< red
erick and staff and General MacMahon and
staff will be one of the features of the
Bhow. The set of soldiers is one of the
most complete ever sent to this country.
Mr. Bertheau brought it from Europe
gome time ago for the amusement and
Instruction of his children.
Fritz Scheel and his symphony orches
tra will render a splendid programme on
the afternoon of June 2 at tht» benefit
performance of the Red Cross in the
Baldwin. Mile. Pilar Morin has a new and
original sketch and dialogue in store for
those who attend the matinee. Seats will
be sold at 50 cents, 75 cents and $1 and
the money received will be devoted to
Red Cross work. "•' ', -
Oakland Red Cross will send 600 suits
of underwear to the local society to be
distributed among the troops.
On last Wednesday the ladies of Ross
Valley met at the residence of the Rev.
Dr. Minturn. San Anselmo, and formed a
branch Red Cross Society. The follow
ing ladies joined the organization:
Mrs. Henry F. Allen, Mrs. A. Dibblee,
Mrs. H. C. Minturn, Mrs. George E. But
ler, Mrs. J. B. F. Davis, Miss Parsons,
Mrs. Bach, the Misses Bach, Miss Carrie
Bosqui, Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. James Coffin,
Mrs. K. L. Griffith, Miss Tompklns Mrs.
Charles Belden, Mrs. Worn. Miss Kittle,
Mrs. Spinney and Mrs. Abner Mann. The
officers elected were: Mrs. Charles Bel
den. president; Mrs. H. C. Minturn, vice
president; Mrs. Charles S. Spinney, secre
tary; Miss Julia Tompkins, treasurer;
I committee— Mrs. G. E. Butler, Mrs. t,. L.
Griffith and Mrs. W. S. Davis.
Meetings were arranged for every
Wednesday afternoon for sewing and
other work in connection with the Red
Cross movement, to, be held in the Sun
day-school of the Presbyterian church,
near the Theological Seminary.
Many thanks are due to the Native
Daughters for their able assistance. They
hove aided the society by large donations
and sympathetic co-operation.
Bolts of flannel suitable for bandages,
brown canvas or other heavy material can
be used to advantage by the sewers at
16 Post street. <
Chief Sullivan deposited $500 with the
society yesterday as the 'contribution of
the members of the Fire Department.
They stand ready to duplicate their sub
scription whenever It is deemed necessary.
Lieutenant E. H. Hawley. Company H
of the Idaho troops, reported the loss of
his grip containing his underwear and
uniform. It was left In the ferry depot.
Any one finding it will confer a favor by
leaving it at the Red Cross headquarters.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge of the Odd Fel
lows has established headquarters on the
ground floor of the Odd Fellows' build-
Ing, where it is receiving contributions
to be used in furnishing supplies for the
soldiers who are at Camp Richmond. The
lodge has expended $75 contributed by its
A own membership, and has since received
I $11 from Oriental Rebekah ■ Lodge, and
1 from the subordinates the following sums:
Bay City, $20; Golden Gate. $25: Parker
Lodge, $20; Morse Lodge, $20, and $1 75 |
from a member of Stockton Lodge. This
lodge is acting as an auxiliary to the Red
Cios* Society. On * last Wednesday, it
: ' ■ ■.'■-■'-. "■--'■ • : ■ ■ . ' *•'-. '"■• '■' * .- -
distributed 200 loaves of bread, 300 pounds
of fresh beef, potatoes, cabbages and
onions, and yesterday two wagon loads
C'f provisions were sent for distribution
to the camp. In the several regiments
t nrnped at Richmond, there are many Odd
Fellows and Rebekah members, and the
lodge is obtaining a full roster of these,
together with the names of the lodges of
the members and information that may
be of use in the future.
The San Francisco Commercial Travel
ers' Association has voted $20 to the Red
Cross Society, and through the president.
Kmmett Dunn, iias offered to do anything !
in its power to assist the society.
The Press Club, through its financial i
secretary. James S. Tyler, has offered to |
aid the committee in furnishing food for
the incoming troops. The Press Club has
sent a quantity of illustrated papers and
other reading matter for the transport
ships.
Badges to be recognized at the army
posts and elsewhere must be stamped by
the stamp of the Red Cross Society.
At the Chuteß on Saturday, May 28, the
Verein Oesterreich will give a benefit for
the Red Cross Society.
Sharkey and Martin have tendered their
services for a boxing exhibition.
The ladies of the Red Cross, although i
Headquarters Red Cross Society.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 26, 18S8.
To the Members of the San Fran
cisco Fire Department Benevolent As
sociation — Gentlemen: We desire to
express our sincere thanks to your
association for your handsome gift of
live hundred dollars to the Red Cross
Society. We have received almost
countless evidences of the liberality of
the citizens of San Francisco toward
the boys in blue, but none which we
appreciate more warmly than yours.
We note with pleasure your Intention
to give further aid if it should be nec
essary, and beg to assure you that
your 'present gift and any that you
may be pleased to send hereafter will
be placed where they will do the most
good. We remain, gentlemen, yours
very truly,
MRS. WILLARD B. HARRINGTON.
President State Red Cross Society.
MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL,
President San P'rancisco Branch Red
Cross Society.
i on duty at the ferry from 6 a. m., gave
: up their dinners 'Wednesday evening to
serve an expected carload of troops. With
the incoming boat only sixteen men ap
peared, recruits for the regular army
from Texas. They were all in nondescript
clothes, some hatless and others coatless.
and all moneyless, blanketless and bag
gageless. The good hearts of the ladies
were doubly touched, and they served
these men with even greater sympathy
■ than the better dressed troops, and they
! then loaded them with extra lunches and
furnished those wanting with hats and
, coats, because they knew how slow Uncle
Sam is in caring for his men. They even
raised car fare among themselves and
furnished a guide to the Presidio.
The PoPtofflee Department has fitted up
a postofllce box in front of the ferry Red
Cross rooms, and the Red Cross ladles,
in their sympathy for those left at home,
persuade the boys in blu* to inform their
people of their safe arrival.
Although there has been a comparative
lull in the movement of troops during the
past day or two, the Red Cross Society
has not been Idle. A stock of provisions
is kept on hand constantly at the ferry
headquarters and boys in blue are fed
there at all hours of the day. To the men
from the Interior States who have never
seen salt water, the harbor front is a
source of much Interest, and each day
hundreds of soldiers pass their liberty
hours on the docks. These men are always
welcome to the Red Cross headquarters,
and are fed by the ladies without charge.
NARROW ESCAPE OF THE RIDEOUT.
The Stern-Wheeler Was Ready to Start for the Klondike and the Steamer Tillamook Was
Alongside Ready to Take Her in Tow for Dutch Harbor, When a Fire Was Discovered in the
Hold. Luckily the Fireboat Governor Markham Was Close by and Saved the Rideout From
Destruction.
This is one of the most praiseworthy fea
tures of the work, for none of the men
have received any pay yet, and were it not
for the Red Cross they would cither have
to remain in camp or go hungry.
Caring for these guests will be the only
work in hand for the society to-day, but
to-morrow and Sunday will bring a" large
number of troops and plenty of hard
work. The Montana and North Dakota
contingents are scheduled to arrive, in ad
dition to the two regiments of regulars
from New Orleans. The society will out
do itself in the way of receiving the reg
ulars, for it has been stated that only
the volunteers would be cared for, as the
regulars were supposed to have had so
much experience and are so thoroughly
equipped that the ladies felt they did not
need their protection. This was shown to
be untrue when the two companies of the
Fourteenth arrived from Alaska. Officers
and men partook of the hospitality of the
society, and none appreciated it more
than they. But to effectually stop all
further talk the members are preparing
to give the two regiments en route a spec
ially cordial reception, and though they
are professional soldiers the men will
treasure this attention as highly as any
volunteers possibly could.
The splendid residence of Mrs. Alma E
Keith at 2624 California street was thrown
open last night and the boys in blue were
her guests— invited there to eat, drink and
be merry.
It was one of those rare occasions where
all rank and distinction are leveled; me
private was just as welcome, just as much
thought of as he who wore the golden
stars or chevrons. The affair was got
up by Mrs. Keith chiefly for the benefit
of the Nebraska, Kansas and Minnesota
troops, but all were welcome. The hostess
feels for the Nebraska boys chiefly, aa her
bufib«uid was some years ago laid to rest
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1898.
in that State by the G. A. R.
At least 150 soldier boys enjoyed the
treat. They laughed, chatted and wan
dered about the rooms, each of which
contained a fresh surprise for them, and
ui.cn "taps" -were finally sounded and the
party broke up each one was presented
with a useful souvenir.
Mrs. Keith was ably assisted in pre
paring for and receiving the boys by Mrs.
D. I. Harlow, Mrs. H. M. Dean and Mrs.
Mina Sheldon, of Lincoln Post Relief
Corps, and Mrs. May Gallagher. Miss M.
E. Wills furnished the souvenirs, and Mrs.
Si hutie a good supply of cigars. Music
for the occasion was furnished by Pearl
Noble, the cornist, and James Hamilton
Howe.
The pupils of the seventh and eighth
grades of the Clement Grammar School
will give a strawberry and ice cream
festival at the school rooms next Wednes
day, June 1, for the benefit of the Red
Cross Society. All the dainties which will
be served will be prepared by the cook
ing cl«iss of the school. An admission fee
of 10 cents will be charged, and 10 cents
w'll be charged for the refreshments. The
girls of these two grades have become
adepts in the culinary art, and their
parents and friends may learn somethii*;
about cooking by attending this festival.
Following is a list of subscriptions re
ceived yesterday:
James Lick School (Ninth Grade), $7 05; un
known frinr-.1. $2"; Red Uluff R. C. Society,
$100; J'~*»'ph Him-hinson, $5 monthly for ten
months; Pacific Coast Women's Press Associa
tion. $K>l 26; Hay City Ixidge, No. 71. 1. O. O.
I-".. ?2't; Sherwood & Sherwood. $23; W. H.
Walker, $20: S. Saroni, $10; C. Tookey, $5;
H. F. Allen, $10; ea-sh, $10: Mrs. John Sher
wood, $20: W. J. Cone, $20; memberships, $28.
Per Mrs S'.oss as follows: Miss Clara Sachs,
$20- Miss Rosa Stern, $20; Miss J. Naphtaly, $10;
San Francisco Teaming Company, $5; .T. Bran
denstein, $60; S. Le Babin. $5: J. S. Denis, $2 25;
J C. ThiKeuer, $2; Mrs. Boquet, $2 50; H.
Platt, $5; memberships, *5; 11. A. Pa-ish, IS;
W H B«atty, $20; Mrs. H. U. Dodge, $5; mem
berships, $11: S. K. Frank & Co., $25; illss
Muller $5; Miss Duff. $5; F. B. Halght, $10;
Ml« 3 Snook, $10; Mr. and Mrs. Godohaux, $3;
Miss V. W. Denver, $1; Miss A. E. Hleman. $1;
>;Ns L LlpPi W: Miss May Connelly. $3: Mrs.
W J Dutton. $10: Golden Circle King's Daugh
ter; 15; Miss Moore. $2; Mrs. H. E. Davis,
$2 50: Mrs. M. Addle, $1 50; memberships. $29;
Fan Pablo avenue School, $10; Miss E. Allyne,
$5; memberships, $14: Eapleson & Co., $20; Mrs.
C Bertheau, $1; Mrs. R. C. Beard, $1; em
ployes of 11. S. Crocker & Co., $100; member
ships, $12; Madisnn, Bruce & Lettes, $10;
Master Robert B. Madison, $2 T.O; San Franclßco
Fire Department. $500; Fidelety Lodge, A. O.
V. W., $10; Observation Parlor No. 17, N. S.
Headquarters Red Cross Society.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 26, I§9B.
To the Officers and Members of the
San Francisco Produce Exchange—
Gentlemen: Although we have here
tofore expressed our thanks for your
munificent gift of two thousand and
four dollars to our treasury, we con
sider the circumstances warrant a
more public acknowledgment of your
generosity and your patriotism.
Permit me therefore to say that
each dollar of the sum given by you
will render some soldier more efficient
in his country's service, and that in
the aggregate your benefaction may
perhaps prove the means of causing
our flag to wave over the ramparts of
Manila. We remain, gentlemen, yours
truly,
MRS. WILLARD B. HARRINGTON,
President State Red Cross Society.
MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL,
President San Francisco Branch Red
Cross Society.
O. W., San Jose. $10; Schweitzer & Co., B§;
Society for Christian Work. $17 15; Mrs. "W. B.
Tubbs, Sis; Mrs. George Hager, $50; Miss A.
Il.'gp. 15.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Red Cross will be given in Bethany Con
gregational Church, Twenty-fifth and
Bartlett streets, this evening by Miss
Rebecca M. Kimball's Sabbath-school
class.
THE SECOND CALL.
California Ready to Respond
With Additional Regiments.
At State headquarters in the California
Hotel active preparations have been taken
to furnish 2000 more troops to the Gov
ernment.
It is known that the Fifth Regiment of
the National Guard, composed of compa
nies of Oakland, San Jose, Petaluma,
Santa Rosa, San Rafael and Naj>a, stands
ready to enter the volunteer service.
Colonel Fairbanks commands this regi
ment.
The Sorond Regiment, N. G. C, com
manded by Colonel Guthrie and composed
of companies in the Sacramento Valley,
is eagerly awaiting an opportunity to be
mustered In.
Governor Budd has seventeen companies
of organized Infantry and three troops
of organized cavalry ready for transfer
to the United States service, but he can
not make a move until the Government
designates the arm of the service for
which the troops are needed.
Captain L, 11. Turner, LieutenantrCom
miinder T. A. Nerney, lieutenant \V F
Burke, T,ieutenants of the Junior Grade
A. 11. Elliott and Harry Gray and En
sign George Kamerer of the Naval Re
serve were examined at Mare Island yes
terday by Dr. Waggener. They passed
the examination successfully and will at
once oe placed in the service of the United
States. They received the order to be ex
amined at 9 o'clock and were ready to
start for Mare Island at 9:15.
The Original Little Beneficencia Pub
lica Co. of San Francisco — Draw
ing May 26, 1898.
No. 76498 wins $3750, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.; No. 78673 wins $1250, sold in San
Francisco, Cal.; No. 67662 wins $625, sold
in San Francisco, Cal.: Nos. 9786, 28047
47S0C, 48001 and 64281 each win $62 50, sold
in Oakland, Alameda City and San Fran
cisco, Cal.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, (^al.
Read Bret Harte's great story, Sal
omy Jane's Kiss, in next Sunday's
Call.
An Open Meeting.
The San Francisco Child Study Club
closes its work for this season with an
interesting open meeting at the Occident
al Hotel at 2:30 p. m. to-day. A large at
tendance is assured, as the club has many
friends In this community-
THE RIDEOUT
NEARLY BURNED
Fire Started in the Cargo
in the Lower Hold.
A VERY NARROW ESCAPE
__— — — —
SAVED BY THE STATE TTJG GOV
ERNOR MARKHAM.
Everything Was Ready for a Start
for the Klondike When the
Fire Was Discovered by
the Cook.
The steamer Rideout, Intended for the
Yukon River trade, had a narrow escacie
from total destruction by flre yesterday
looming. Just as she was being got ready
to leave the wharf, the flames broke out
in the forward hold, and soon got a good
headway. Luckily the State flre tug,
Governor Markham, was in the same slip
as the Rideout, and she soon had a cou
ple of streams playing on the flames.
When the flre was subdued in the for
ward part of the steamer, it broke out
aft, and the vessel had to be partially
flooded before all danger was past. The
loss to vessel and cargo will be about
$4000, which is covered by insurance. Some
of the passengers will be the greatest
sufferers, as their baggage was destroyed,
and they will have to secure a new out
fit before they can start again for the
Klondike.
The Rideout was built at Stockton for
the California and Yukon Trading Com
pany, and was to have begun her voy
age to Dutch Harbor in tow of the steam
er Tlllamook yesterday morning. The
United Engineering Company attached the
vessel for $800, however, and the steamer
was further libeled for $100 more by one of
the contractors. These troubles were
straightened out and the Tillamook was
just putting her lines aboard preparatory
to beginning her long tow when the lire
broke out. Captain Dunham and his crew
tried their best to control the blaze, but
It was not until the Governor Markham
got to work that the flames were sub
dued.
An Investigation showed that the fire
broke out among the general cargo, and
those interested in the steamer think it
was incendiary. It will take at least two
weeks to repair the damages, and the
vessel will then start for the Yukon. Her
passengers axe twenty-five carpenters and
engineers who are going to Alaska in the
employ of the California-Yukon Trad
ing Company.
As soon as a thorough examination of
the steamer was completed by the under
writers, the passengers began getting the
baggage they had saved back on. board
again, and the carpenters began doing
• what they could toward clearing up the
mess and getting things ready for the re
pairs. It is unfortunate for the com
pany that the fire broke out, as the Rido
out was to connect with the Morgan City
at St. Michael on that vessel's initial
run.
TALES FROM KLONDIKE.
Two More Men Lose Their
Lives in the Rush for
Gold.
The steamer Morgan City arrived from
Copper River, Dyea and Skaguay yester
day with a passenger missing. A. John-
I son was sick when he Joined the steamer
j at Cooper City, and he grew gradually
worse until Tyonook, Cooks Inlet, was ;
I reached, where he died.
The Morgan City brought the news of
j the death of William Niles, formerly of '
i Dutch Flat, at Sheep Camp. Niies and j
George Sharon started for the Klondike
about three months ago. All went well I
until they struck the trail. Niks was j
! taken sick, but held on until Lake Bennet j
was reached. There he could not go on,
and Sharon helped him back to Sheep
Camp, where pneumonia set in and he
died.
The North Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany has put an extra boat on at 12:30
p. m. between San Francisco and Sau
salito. It was done to accommodate the
poolrooms, which are now In full blast
across the bay. Some of the bookmakers
opened up at Colma, in San Mateo
County, while the others went to Sausa
lito. The betting public can get to Colma
every five minutes by the electric cars,
but hitherto they could only get to Sau
sallto at 11 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. This put
the Sausalito poolsellers at a decided dis
advantage so they interviewed General
Manager Stetson, and he ordered the
extra boat put on.
D. D. Wass, the well-known electrical
and marine engineer, starts for the East
to-morrow on a well-earned vacation. Mr.
Wass has had the fitting out of nearly all
the steamers that have been put on the
Klondike run, and he also fixed up the
electrical plants in the Australia, City of
Peking and the City of Sydney prior to
their starting for the East. Mr. Wass
will be gone about a month, but expects
to be back in time to meet his friends.
Chief Engineer Little and Harry Tab
brett, on board the Alameda when that
vessel arrives.
Miss Edmondson's School.
On Friday the pupils of Magnolia Hall,
Miss Edmondson'a School, 1606 Franklin
street, held their closing exercises before
a large and enthusiastic audience. They
gave a charming little play, "The May
Queen's Court," with so much attention
to elocution, costumes, dances and deco
rations that It was a decidedly pictur
esque and poetical production. The cast
of characters was aa follows.
May Queen, Miss Edna Lawrence; Tlta
nia. Fairy Queen, Miss Leslie Meyerfeld;
messenger, Miss Ethel Coope; Philoso
pher, Miss Virginia Durrstein; Clerk of
the Weather. Miss Juanita Zech; First
Maid of Honor. Miss Margaret Castle;
Second Maid of Honor, Miss May Moffatt;
Gypsy Queen, Miss Emma Langford; Lit
tle 80-Peep, Miss Edith Mau; Fair}' Good
Luck, Miss Blanche Cozzens; California
Violet, Miss Genevieve Peel; Marguerite,
Miss Hester Borden; California Poppy,
Miss Mabel Arnsteln; Robin Hood. Ash
field Stow; First Herald, Louis Bresse;
Second Herald, Bryan Faulkner.
Dances, which had been specially com
posed for them, were very gracefully ex
ecuted by the maids of honor. Fairy Gfood
Luck and the dainty little Marguerite.
-.- ; ■.;,- ■ m ■
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Three Days of First-Class Sport for
the Patrons of the L^aso.
Although the Ingleside management
has not announced that within the past
few days a consignment of big and strong
hares was received from the trapper who
Is engaged to furnish hares for coursing
purposes, it is nevertheless a fact, and
the patrons of the park can look forward
to some lively surprises on Saturday and
Sunday, as long and grueling courses may
be counted upon. The drawing last night
at Delta Hall resulted as follows:
All-aged stake, drawing— P. J. O'Connell's
Counterfeit vs. J. Murnanc's Flashlight; J.
Murnane's Valley Maid vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Prince of Fashion; Lowe & Thompson's High
Born Lady vs. G. H. Burfiend's Royal Prize;
D. J. Sullivan's Tom Bell vs. J. Deane's Moon
dyne; Dillon & Riley's Sunol vs. Brown & Lu
ther's Van Nida; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
Hal vs. D. Hooper's Koolawn; J. Burne'a Nel
41e B vs. J. Shea's Firenzi; Kay & Trent's
Sylvia vb. J. Byrne's Occidental; D. Hooper's
Bendalong vs. O. Wallace's Fair View: C. Sul
livan's Parnell vs. Kay & Trant'B Cmsspatch;
J. J. Rowan's Pacific Queen vs. Dillon &
RUey's Dauntless; J. Sheehan's Lass o' Gowrie
vs. Derby Kennel's Fleeting Fancy; Lowe &
Thompson's Victor vs. F. G. Fentiman's Blue
Belle; T. A. Gaffney's Lorraine vs. S. & R.
Kennel's Master McGreeor; J. Deane's Con
nemara vs. T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnot; D.
Shannon's Swlnnerton vs. Derby Kennel's Lit
tle Dorritt; J. Sheehan's Lady Jane vs. J.
Quane's Captain Morse; P. Brophy's Benicla
Boy vs. Ncthercott Bros." Don Jose; J. Gold
man's Sarcastic vs. F. Jones' Do Me; Lynch
& Maher's Mystic Maid vs. P. Roche's Gold
Dust.
Sapling stake — Gibbons & Heartly's Briar
Sweet vs. Dillon & Rileys Revolver; J. Ryan's
Gloaming vs. J. Murnane's Black Bess; J. Mur
nane's Wolfe Tone vs. Cronin & McDonald's
St. Patrick; F. Foley's Torpedo vs. J. Shea's
Young America; W. J. Shields' ArmaKh Lass
vs. T. Hall's Miss Skyball; \V. Sweenoy^s Lol
Juive vs. P. Sullivan's Maid of Hill: T. Mo-
Hugh's Matchless vs. Lynch & Manor's Lottie
M; Crohin & McDonald's Depend on Me vs.
T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle.
The prizes in the all-afred stake are as fol
lows: $160, $80, $60. two $40 each, five $20 each
and ten at $7 50 each. Added money. $575.
Sapling stake— «o. $25. next two $12 50. next
four $5 each. Added money, $75.
A drawing for a consolation stake,
which will be run on Sunday, will take
place on the grounds Saturday evening,
and a drawing for the special open to all
stake, which will be run on Monday, will
take place Sunday evening at Delta Hall.
For the special stake $200 will be added,
and for the consolation stake $75 will be
added by the park management.
Bead "How to Make a Fortune,"
by twelve millionaires, in next Sun
day's Call.
New Sugar Corporation.
Articles of Incorporation of the Hono
lulu Sugar Company were filed yesterday.
The capital stocK of the corporation is
$900,000. of which $70,000 has been sub
scribed. The directors are: Nicholas t
Ohjandt. M. Ehrmann, .T. L,. Roster. I".
Tillmann Jr., William Matson, Samuel
Sussman and A. F. Morrison.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I
I There are only two genu- a
Ilne Keeley Institutes In 1
California. These are fl
branches of the original B
Dwight Institute. The $
physicians in charge have ||
taken a special course from lj
Dr. Keeley in person, The jj
remedies are all prepared fl
at Dwight y
I Send for printed matter that w
tells all about It s' : . fl
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES. H
232 North Main St , Los Angeles. f|
1170 Market St, San Francisco. M
Fred A. Pollock, Manager. y
FOR DAWSON CITY!
S. S. HUMBOLDT
SAILS JUNE 1O
DIRECT FOR '
ST. MICHAELS, VIA SEATTLE,
Connecting with flest of
SIX RIVER BOATS,
Which Insures a through trans- .
portation with no delays.
250 lbs. Free and No Limit to Outfit.
RATES POPULAR.
MF»F»I->' TO
JNO. A. MAGEE JR., Genera! Agent,
310 Clay St., San Francisco.
Phone Main 1770.
Seattle Agent t E. E. CAINE. Arlington
Dock, and 105 Yesley Way.
"Stripping"
Bicycles of /^^S£^t m \
Christy Sad- € IMA J
dies that have _A^^J^A^
been furnished on fqg^^^Ayp
, the wheels of high- \TO|gSgJ//
grade makers, and \\l^§//
substituting cheap \\2&ft&4/
leather saddles, is
j not uncommon among some
, bicycle agents, and "is one of the
; tricks of the trade." Insist on the
Christy and avoid cheap imitations.
Once a Christy rider always a
Christy advocate.
L G. SPALDINQ & BROS.,
NEW YORK AND CHICAGO.
U'DTTCXJITG FOR BARBERS, BAK-
DaUjrlLO ers - bootblacks bath-
'T' -T^ AT houses.- billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, * canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, ; laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, < painters, . . shoe / factories,
stablemen, . tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, -, etc ■
BUCHANAN BROS., '- :
. Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
DUFFY'S PURE
UlAl I ■ w» " '*^"Vn i
FOR MEDIctt^
NO FUSEL OIL
Reputable druggists and gro-
cers will not attempt to palm off
substitutes. They know that the
likeness between the genuine
i Duffy's Pure Malt and the many
counterfeits is only label deep.
Keep your eyes open when you
buy.
For pamphlet address
DUFFY MALTWHISKEYCO.
Rochester, N. Y.
II (FINE TAILORING
/mgmk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
Js&Biiv WORKMANSHIP, at
» «^l|P</ 25 per cent Less than Other
W llsr#« Tailors Charge, Go to
JTL FINE TAILORING
Wk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
gm. WORKMANSHIP, at
pf 25 per cent Less than Other
I hi Tailors Charge, Go to
f JOE POHEIM
/ff W All Wool Suits to (MO n <TQC
I Mm Order from 4> I Z xo 4>03
111 Pants from .. . $4 to $1 0
Jp|f^"**J^^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St.,
11 10 and 11 12 Market St. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
And a Select Company. Management of M. W.
Hanley.
To-night and Remainder of Week— "THE
FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT."
Beginning NEXT MONDAY. MAY SO.
MR. CLAY CLEMENT IN "THE NEW DO-
MINION."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and His Wonderful
Trained Riding Baboon, JESSIE.
LITTLE LULU, the Marvelous Trapeze Artlit.
10— OTHER BIG ACTS— IO
Popular Prices, 16c, 25c and 50c.
Special Holiday Matinee Next Monday.
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Saturday Mati-
nee, the Great Violinist,
YSAYE!
Accompanied by the World's Greatest Cellist,
GERARDY, and the Distinguished Pianist,
LACHAUME.
Prices $2, $1 30, {1 and 50c.
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
THIS EVENING.
AN ARTTSTIC TRIUMPH.
The Musical Travesty,
"THE POSTER"
Libretto by J. P. WILSON and L. G. CAR-
PENTER.
Music by CHESTER S. PACKARD.
"IT MOVES— IT BREATHES."
TKirZWf SCKNERY, COSTUMES,
iy n w ballets, effects.
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR BEAT p«o b y c .
AL<vri^rii\t MA i N 254.
MA.TTNEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND aL'XDAT.
Farewell Performance.
LEVY/IS MORRISON
— IN—
"YORICK'S LO\/E!"
Prices 15c, 2.'c, 3.1 c, 50c.
Extra Mntlnee Monday— Decoration Day.
THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES.
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
•WILL GIVE
Their Last Concert In San Francisco
THIS EVENING, AT
SHER/VIAN, CLAY HALL.
" FRANZ KNEISEL,, Soloist.
Prices *2 and $150
Seats now on pale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s,
Butter and Kearny streets^
HI VMDT4 I Comer of Mtson and
ULI niri*\ | Edd; Slr.ets.
More soul-Inspiring war scenes, new life pic-
tures by the Biograph, the greatest of perfecto-
Bcopes, United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships, torpedo boats and thrilling Havana
scenes, and a strong olio of ten Great Special-
ties. Matinee every Sunday. Admission free.
A young gentleman, whose character is above reproach, prom?-
cent in the religious circles of a Pennsylvania village, an exhorter of
the M. E. Society there, Secretary of the Quarterly Conference, and
at one time President of the Christian Endeavor Society, has long
been a user of Ripans Tabules, and says of them : " They keep my
bowels open, they do not gripe, they do not parge, and I do not have
bad pains in my stomach any more, which I had, with dyspepsia and
constipation, for years — in fact, up to about three days after I began
taking the Tabules. There used to be some kinds of food my stomach
would sicken on — pork, for instance. I could not eat it without having
a distressed feeling. Now everything goes down, pork and greasy
food, that used to make me sick to think of. I always have a few of
the T abates in my pocket for use if occasion arises."
AMU SEmiiJM T5.
iCESilffiSllAiS!
■ .
TO-DAY
(FRIDAY),
AT THE
OAKLAND RACETRACK
■
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
Red Cross Society
ry Commission of California
Under the Auspices of th»
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUP
And the
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FIVE RACES.
ADMISSION $1, SOLDIERS 50c.
SPECIAL BOATS leave at 12, 12:30. 1. 1:30, 2.
2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting with trains run-
ning direct to the track gate.
Plenty of room and seats for all.
Returning, special trains leave race track at
4:15 and 4:45 and immediately after the last
race.
Purchase tickets at ferry depot for Shell
Mound.
EZRA KENDALL, Original Monologulst.
CARROLL JOHNSON, Famous Minstrel.
AL LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
COLBY & WAY, Ventriloqui.st and Dancing
Doll; HARRY ALLISTER, Impersonator; SA-
VANS Acrobatic Comedians; MANHATTAN
COMEDY FOUR: JEROME & BELL. Posi-
tively last two nights of KERNEH'S
VISIONS OF ART. New subjects.
Reserved seats. 2Sc; Ralcony I<V: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. Performance be-
gins at S p. m.
MQROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morocco Sole Lessee and Managsr.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
EVENING PRICES K-o. Ke. 500
Great Bit of THE ELLEFORDS in
"MRS. PARTINGTON AND HER
SON IKE."
Laughing Thousands Declare It a Success.
+ SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1638,
AT THE CHUTES,
BENEFIT FOR THE
RED CROSS SOCIETY!
Given by the
VEREIN OESTERREICH.
All Regular Shows, Zoo. Theater, etc.
At ■ p. m.. Special Performance.
TOM SHARKEY Volunteered to Give a Slx-
Round Boxing Exhibition.
TYROLEAN SINGERS, etc.
Gates Open at 10 a. m.
Admission, 10c; Children, sc.
THE DEPARTURE OF THE PEKING
AS TAKEN BY THE ANIMATOSCOPH
IS A GREAT SENSATION. SHOWN
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
AT THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville Performance in the
FREE THEATER.
SOLDIERS AT THE CHUTES EVERT
EVENING.
LAST WEEK OF "VISIONS OF ART."
l"c to All, Including Zoo, etc. ; Children, Ec
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. May 29, at 2:30 p. m.
SOLDIERS' DAY.
AQUATIC EXHIBITION!
by the
VOLUNTEER CORPS
Of Kansas, Colorado. Utah, Minnesota and
Wyoming.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER URIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., U:l«.
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. S and 5 p. m.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver a fraction firmer. ;
Quicksilver advanced again.
•Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran and Middlings marked down.
Hay steady and unchanged.
Nothing doing In Beans.
Prunes petting very scarce.
Potatoes lower and Onions higher.
Butter weaker. Cheese dull. Eggs easy.
Hens quoted rather firmer.
Cherries and Apricots in free supply.
Oranges firm.
Provisions active and firm.
Blight advance in Hides.
Meat market unchanged.
Increased foreign imports.
STOCKS OF WHEAT.
The monthly summary issued by the Bureau
Of Statistics shows the wheat crop of the world ,
last year -to be 2.1.,.'. 549. 168 bushels, which is
smaller than any of any year since IS3O. while
in the rntted States it was larger than . any
"err since 1891 The Wheat in farmed hands
in the United States on March 1 esti
mated at 121 320.500 bushels, asrainst 88,148,072 •
bushels at the corresponding date last year.
BANK OF ENGLAND DISCOUNT.
The Bank of England yesterday reduced its j
rate of discount from 4to 3% per cent This Is ;
the first change since April 7, when It was ]
raised to 4 per cent to check the flow of
money out of the bank. The lowering of the
rate Indicates an easier money market In
England.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign Imports at this port in April were
$8 102 SOO, against $3,830,800 for April, 1897. and
•for the first four months in the year $14,008,700. |
against $13,060,600 for the same time last year. |
Of this year's imports $3, 704.000 came from |
Japan. $2,734,500 from China, $2,796,000 from the
Hawaiian Islands, $1,096,300 from Central Amer
ica, $798,176 from Great Britain. $6.60.000 from
British Columbia and $660,300 from the East
Indies.
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT.
For the ten months ending April 30 the gold
movement of the United States was compara
tively as follows:
1896-97. 1597-98.
» ■•.::.:::::::::'S:SIg «SS
The net gain this year is $S4 479.495. or $27.
301,807 more than the net gain last year. The ,
imports of silver were p.W1.988. «***?* JJT
259.119 last year, and the exports $40,601,490,
against $51,606,801 in 1596-97. The large influx
of gold into this country in the past two years
, has given us plenty and to spare.
THEY OWE US MONEY.
Europe Still Our Debtor to the Tune of
$100,000,000.
From Henry Clews' Financial Letter dated
New York, May 21, the following extracts are
made: "An Important element of strength
has been contributed by the monthly statement
of foreign commerce, showing a further large
increase in the creditor balance of our exter
nal trade. The April exports of merchandise
■how an increase over those of 139/ of $21,
778 000, or nearly 30 per cent, while the im
ports of goods exhibit a decrease of $1.. 400 000.
or nearly 45 per cent. While, for April, 1897,
there was an excess of Imports over exports
.amounting to 1:3.673,000, last month the ex
ports exceeded the imports by *43.602,000; so
that the April balance is $67,175,000 more in our
•favor than it was last year. This is a most
extraordinary movement. Of course, It is out
of the question for Europe to continue inde
finitely to pay these unprecedented balances
in gold. For the first ten months of the cur
rent fiscal year, our gross exports of merchan
dise and silver amounted to $1,072,117,000; our
imports of the same items were valued at $.21.
f"2 000; which shows an excess of exports over
imports, for the last ten months, amounting
to $351,065,000. This balance has been set off
to the extent of 184,479,000, by net Imports of
gold- which leaves a remaining balance of
1466,586.000 to be liquidated from other sources.
The value of returned securities, our interest
payments and all the other debtor items com
bined cannot be supposed to at all approximate
these ires; and it therefore follows that,
even making extraordinary allowances for the
return of securities, a very large unliquidated
balance must still remain due to this country
Unly not less than $100,000,000. but more
likely a much higher sum. It may be reason
ably questioned whether any other country has
ever made such a brilliant record under like
conditions, and especially in the prospect of a
fore'gn war. In part settlement of this credit
balance we have taken back a very large
amount of securities without any bad effect
upon our home market."
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the ;
amount of "rainfall or of mflted snow In Inches
and hxndredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobare, or solid lines, connect points of equal j
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal i
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied j
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy Wf-ather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north j
end couth along the coast, rain is probable:
but v;hen the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of I
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lm- i
frr-bable. With a "high" in the vicinity of j
daho, and the pressure falling to the Call- I
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected j
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditlona will produce an
opposite result. __
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, May 26, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In ("alifornia:
Kureka. 68; Fresno, 82; Los Angeles, 74; Red
Bluff. 70; Independence, S3; San Diego, 64; j
Sacramento, 70: San Luis Oblspo, 70; Yuma. 98.
Ban Francisco temperature: Maximum, 68;
minimum, 52; mean, "„">.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of low pressure overlies the greater
portion of the Pacific Slope. During the past I
12 hours the pressure haa fallen from Central j
California westward to Utah and thence north- '
ward to the international boundary. The
; ure is rising slowly over Oregon and
Washington.
The v mperature is falling decidedly over
r.T.f-cn, Wu^hin^ton, Idaho and Northeastern
California. It has risen over L'tah.
Showery weather with occasional thunder-
Ftorms has prevailed over the greater portion
oi the Pacific Slope.
A maximum wind velocity of 36 miles per
hour from the youth is reported from Fort
Canby and 30 miles southwest at Carson City.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 27. 18DS:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday; southerly, changing to north
westerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday, with
showers in the mountain regions; fresh north
westerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; probably rain In
northern portion.
Utah— Showers Friday; colder.
Arizona— Cloudy and unsettled weather Fri
day; colder northwest.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday;
northwesterly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m. — Cloudy; wind northwest. 24 miles
per hour; temperature, 47; maximum, 55.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
BWW TORK, May 28.— The movement of
prices worthy of particular note In the mar
ket to-day was confined to a few special
stocks, ac was also a lame part of the ac
tivity It the trading. The majority of the
list was somewhat dull and neglected. This
was In part due to contradictory movement of
a few stocks that showed pronounced activ
ity, but also to some skepticism over the re
ported presence of the Spanish fleet In the
harbor of Santiago de Cuba and its conse
quent settling up. The tact of the matter
Is the market has been expecting for some
time a sensational naval victor}' and its failure
to respond to the more prosaic results of suc
cessful naval strategy Is a disappointment
to the bulls and gives some encouragement to
the bears. There were, however, very positive
elements of strength in the market which
served to lift prices at one time quit© ma
terially above last night's close. The main
stay of the market was Rock Island, which
rose at one time 2% points. The approaching
meeting of the directors to act upon the divi
dend and the various rumors as to the rate of
the dividend and to the measures for the dis
tribution of the surplus were motives of the
buying. Little profit taking in this stock had
no small part in the final reaction in the mar
ket. Its early risf was suH>iemented by buy
ing lor London account or the international
Blocks and by commission house buying of the
grangers. 'ihe local traction stocKs enjoyed
their season of strength as well. Great North
ern preierred rose an additional 4 points, to 171,
a new high level on the accepted belief that a
distribution of new stock In the retirement
of the debenture bond 6ls Imminent. Real
izing in Rock Island and the traction weakun
pd the market and almost wiped out the earlier
gains in the general list. Net changes are in
consequence small.
There was no marked activity In the bond
market, but prices were firmly held. Total
i^alea, 52,175,000.
United States old 4s, coupon, advanced %,
the 5s >v and the new 4s, coupon, % per cent
In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 279,100
shares, Including: 6300 Atchison preferred, 10.
600 Burlington, 8900 Louisville and Nashville,
16,400 Manhattan, 3100 Metropolitan, 7200 Mis
souri Pacific, 4600 New York Central, 4400
Northern Pacific preferred, 80,280 Rock Island.
33.400 St. Paul, 8700 Southern preferred, V.\)QQ
Union Pacific, 3900 American Spirits, 12,700
American Tobacco, 3000 Chicago Great Western,
11,400 People's Gas, 14.50t) Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12% .St P & On 78%
Do prefd 31% ; Do prefd 149
Baltimore & Ohio 18% St P M & M 140
Canada Pacific .. 84% ;So Pacific 16
Canada Southern. 52% So Railway 8% i
Central Pacific ..14 Do prefd 30V* i
Ches & Ohio 21% Texas & Pacific, 11%
I Chi & Alton 159 Union Pacific 68"*
Chi B& Q. 102 UPD & G 7%
Chi & E 111 53 Wabash 7% i
\CCC &Bt L.... 34% Do prefd li>\ \
: Do prefd 78 Wheel & L E 2%
Del & Hudson 108%, Do t>refd 11
; Del L & W 152 Express Companies
■ Den & Rio a.... 11 Adams Ex 100
Do prefd 47% ' American Ex 127
j Erie (new) 12% I United States .... 40
. Do Ist prefd.... 35% Wells Fargo 117
Fort Wayne 16$ Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor prefd 111% A Cot Oil 24
Hocking Valley . 6 Do prefd 73%
Illinois Central .. 104' Amn Spirits 12-% :
Lake Erie & W... 15 Do prefd 33
Do prefd 72 Am Tobacco lOSVi
Lake Shore 189 Do prefd 117
Louis & Nash ;>4 7 ii People's Gas 98% I
Manhattan L 105% Cons Gas 191%
Met St Ry 159% Com Cable Co 160 :
I Mich Cent 104% Col F & Iron 81% '
. Minn &St L 28 Do prefd 90 j
Do Ist Drefd 87 Gen Electric 36%
iMo Pacific 33U Illinois Steel .... 64
Mobile & 0hi0... 2S Laclede Gas 47%
! Mo X & T m; Lead 33
I Do prefd 35 . Do prefd 103%
| Chi Ind & L. 9% Nat Lin OH 10%
Do prefd 30 Or Imp Co 23
> N J Central 95 Pacific Mall 27%
: N V Central 116% Pullman Palace... 189%
If V Chi &St L.. 13 Silver Cert 57%
Do Ist prefd 65 Stand R& T 8%
Do 2d prefd 32% Sugar 137%
Nor West 13% Do prefd 113 ,
'. No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron 75% \
No Pacific 26% V S leather S% !
Do prefd 66 Do prefd 6SVi
; Ontario & W 15% U 8 Rubber 20% i
:Or R & Nay 51-, Do prefd 73 |
iOr Short Line 23 West Union 31 j
plttsburg 188 "hi & N W 128% I
Reading 18% Do prefd 170%
Do Ist r>refd 45 ?t L & S W 4%
Rock Island 103% Do • ref d 10%
St L A S F TVI * G W 24
Do Ist prefd.... 61% i Do nrefd 63%
Do 2d prefd.... 2<*H Th! G W 14%
i Pt Paul 95% Haw Com Co 19%
Do prefd 143 i
CLOSING BONDS.
' 'J S new 4s reg.. 121% N Carolina 6s 122%
> Do coup 121% Do 4s 105
D S 4s 108% No Pac lsts 115
i Do coup 11l Do 3s 60% I
! Do 2ds 95 Do 4s .: ,
D S os reg 110% N V C & S L 45.. 104
Do ,">s coup 110% Nor & W 6s 120
District 3.65s 113% Northwstrn cons. 13S
Ala class A.. 110 Do deb os 115%
Do B 105 O Nay lsts 115
Do C 60 O Nay 4s 95%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr 124
Atchison 4s 90% O S Line 5s tr.... 103 V;
Do adj 4s 64>i O imp lsts tr.... 110
j Can So 2ds ios% Do ."s tr 68
! Chi Term 4s S4" Pacific Cs of 95... 103%
' C & Ohio 5s 112% Reading- 4s 83% |
C H & D 4%8 104% R G W lsts 85%
I' & R G lsts.... 106 - St L & I M C ss. 93
D & R G 4b 92% St L & S F G 6s. 118
i East Term lets.. 107 St P Con 144
Erie Gen 4s 72 St PC & P lsts.. 117
F W & D lEts tr. 72% i Do Ss 11.'%
j Gen Elec 5s 103% So Ry 5s 92%
|G H &S A 65.... 109 Stand R & T 65.. 70
Do 2ds 105% Term new set 35.. 87% I
h & tC os 110 T & pI, a lsts.. 103% |
Do con 6s 104. ! Do Rg 2ds 34% l
! lowa <_ 15t5...:... 102 V YD & G lsts.. 58%
La new cons 45.. 100 .Wob Ist 5s 107%
L & N Uni 45.... 89 Do Ids 82%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 43 108
M X & T 2ds 61% Va Centuries .... 67%
Do 4s 89% Do deferred 5
N V Central lsts. 117% U P prefd 58%
NJC Is 113 UP 4s 93%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ontario 8 50
Crown Point 10 Ophlr x ... 35 i
| Con Cal & Va.... 45 Plymouth 15
Deadwood 50 ; Quicksilver ... 1 00
Gould & Curry... 151 Do prefd 200
Hale & Norcross. 80 Sierra Nevada ■.;..■-• 50
Homestake 40 00 Standard 150
Iron Silver 45 Union Con 10
Mexican 1." Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON. May 26.— Atchison, 12%; Bell Tele- j
phone, 266; Burlington, 101%; Mexican Cen- |
tral. 4%; Oregon Short Line, ; San Diego, j
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 26.— The Evenlnjj Port" 8
London financial cablegram eaya: The stock
markets here were good but quiet to-day.
Americans opened dull on President McKlnley's
call for additional volunteers, but soon ral
lied, being led by New York Central and Cen- i
tral Pacific The former was bought by New .
York operators, and the latter by Amsterdam.
Grand Trunk was strong on good traffic reports
and on a well informed belief that the dif
ferences with the Canadian Pacific will scon
be arronged, Irrespective of the general trans
continental rate war.
CLTVSE.
Cannrtian Pacific, 87; Grand Trunk, 8. Bar !
silver, steady, 26->%d per ounce. Money, 2@2Li
per cent.
Spanish fours closed S4'-a, a net gain of 9-16.
PARIS, May 2fi.— Spanish fours closed
34 13-16, a net gain of 15-IG.
LONDON, May 26.— The Stock Exchange will |
be closed Saturday, May 28, and Monday, May
30, Whitsuntide holidays.
MADRID, May 2<i — Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 60.25. Gold was quoted at 76.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,411 barrels; exports, 12.003 barrels. Shada
weaker with Wheat and less active; winter
patents, $6 50@6 90; winter straits, $6 25"§'6 45.
WHEAT- ReceiptF, 512,415 bushels; exports,
285.622 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red, $1 54 V 4
f. o. b. afloat, export grade. Options opened
easy under selling pressure, but rallied in all
months on favorable Liverpool caijles and a
squeeze of July shorts. Succeeding this came
a little break under liquidation and short spil
ing in all months but May, which closed 3c
higher, against l*4Gfl74c declnn In latt posi
tions. No. 2 red May, $1 4801 56, closed $1 56;
July, II 16%<ial 20, closed Jl 17.
lit ►PS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuU.
METALS— The feature of to-day's Metal mar
i ki-t was a decided improvement in the Lead
! department. Aside from this the situation re
! n.alns much the same as yesterday. The
| Metal Exchange reports:
PlGlßON— Warrants unchanged, with $6 80
! bid, $7 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged ; $12 bid, $12 10
| asked.
I TIN- Unchanged; 14.80 c bid, 14.87% c asked.
SPELTER -Firm, with 4.2r>c bid, 4.30 c asked.
LEAD— Firmer, with L6EC bid, 3.70 c asked.
Thp firm fixing the settling prices for leading
miners and smelters in the West quotes Lead
at 3.50 c.
COFFEE— Options closed steady with priops
! s«filGc net higher. Sales, 9501 bags, including
May, $:> GfifiG 70. Spot Coffee— Rio, quiet; No. 7
invoke, 6>4r; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild— Quiet;
Cordova, SH'&l.'.'&c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3%<3>
3 15-16e; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16@4^c; refined,
firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7052 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, U^tVi^c; Elgins, 16\4c.
EGGS— Receipts, BRSO packages. Firmer;
Western. 12o; Southern, HVic.
"■■-.;. DRIED FRUIT. ' ;
NEW YORK, May ' 26.— California Dried
Fruits strong and active.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6(§Be;
prime wire tray, 9@9V£c; wood dried prime,
9%c; choice, 9'/4@loc;. fancy, 10c.
• PRUNES— 4@SHc. . '■' .
• APRICOTS— 10c: Moorpark. 10@12c.
PEACHES— s@9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHIC AOO GRAIN MARKET.
, CHICAGO, May 28.— There wan a good deal t
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1898.
of excitement In wheat, . but • the actual trad
ing was. somewhat limited. The sentiment of
the crowd was unquestionably bearish, but the
proposition of Letter an* the j danger of bull
manipulation held the selling impulse in check
and as a consequence the business was light
In volume. Leiter took hold of the buying side
at the start, bidding May up to $1 75 and July
to $1 14%. This made the shorts In September
and December somewhat fearful that the
prices for those months might advance In sym
pathy and there was an effort to cover which
sent September up to 89c. Later the buying
operations of Letter were perceptibly lessened
and with the loss of this support and the un
favorable cables the market turned weak and
the bears began to show courage and acted on
their convictions. The market near the close
of the session became very heavy. Leiter con
tinued to hold May and June, but July got so
much too heavy for the lifting power which he
exerted in its favor, or so slippery In the end
from the melting around of September and De
cember, prices, that it went down in the me
lee. Texas was said to be offering new wheat
quite freely for early June shipment. The
great overshadowing fact kept In mind by the
traders was the magnificent crop prospects of
the world and especially east of the Rockies
in the United States and Canada, otherwise
sentiment would apparently have been all that
the most ardent bull could have desired. July
closed at $1 10, a decline of 2V4c. September
closed at &6V4<356%c, a net loss of 2%c. May
ranged between $1 70 and $1 75.
Bull support steadied corn for a while, but
this was offset by a lack of shipping demand
and the general disbelief In the theory that the
chances for the next crop have been as yet
Jeopardized to any extent by backward weath
er. The break In wheat also carried corn down.
July closed l@l%c lower.
Oats were in good demand and ruled higher
until the break In corn. July closed HOVio
lower.
Provisions were firm and strong early but
they finally yielded Rome with grain. Pork
and ribs are 5c lower and lard 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follow*:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 170 175 170 175
July 1 13% 1 14% 1 09% 110
September 88 89 86% 86%
December 83 83% 81% 82%
Com No. 2—
May 84 84% 83% 83%
July  33% 84% 33 834
September 85 85% 83% 84%
Oats No. 2—
May 27% 27% 27% 27%
July 24%- 25% 24% 24%
September 22% 22% • 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 1195 12 05 1172% 1177%
September 12 15 12 17% 1185 1187%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 630 6 32% 620 6 22%
September 6 32% 640 6 27% 630
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 5 97% 6 02% 590 590
September 605 6 12% 6 87% 600
Cash quotations were ac follows:
Flour, quiet; No. 2 spring Wheat. $1 20; No.
3 spring Wheat. $1 10(&l 30; No. 2 red. $1 890
1 70: No. 2 Corn. 34V»'g'34Vic: No. 2 Oats, 27 V:
No. 2 white, 31c: No. 3 white. 29%@30c; No. 2
Rye. 65c: No. 2 Barley. 3siJ?slc; No. 1 Flax
Seed, $1 31; prime Timothy Seed, $2 75@2 85;
Mess Pork, per barrel, $11 SB'S 11 70; Lard, per
100 pounds, $6 20©6 25; Short Ribs sides (loose).
$5 85®6 20; dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 5@
5Uc; Short Clear Sides (boxed), $6 30<g>6 40. |
Articles — Receipts. Shipments, i
Flour, barrels 8.500 16.200 :
Wheat, bushels 109,200 452,700
Com, bushels 473,4"0 622.400
Oats, bushels 372.200 274,400
Rye bushels 8.400
Barley, bushels 25,300 3.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was iftm. Creameries, 180l5%c; dairy,
11 'a l3c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10c. Cheese, easy;
cream 3. G((fS%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. IJushels.
Minneapolis 127.280 88.280
Duluth tt5.759 207,577
Milwaukee 31,200 6.800
Chicago 10?,231 452.765 i
Toledo 189.312 6.400
St. Louis 23.000 16,000 I
Detroit 8.552 6.W
Kansas City ! 34,500 46,000 :
Totals „ SIS.SI 4 779,590 [
Tidewater —
Boston 27.400 i
New York 258.622 :
Philadelphia 9.035 2,600 i
Baltimore 65.404 !
New Orleans 100,000 i
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec. I
Opening 06 50 54 50
Closing 66 30 64 15
Flour-
Opening 29 70 24 05
Closing 20 40 24 4J
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec i
Opening 10 5% 78% ....
Closing 10 6 77\ 7%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 26.— BATTLE— There was a
fairly good demand for cattle to-day. Beef
steers, $4<p*s; Wester- fed steers, $4#4 80; can- i
ners, $2 60<g3 50; cows and heifers, $3 7694 s*; ,
exporters, $3 S'*g4 25; calves, $6 10<ff7 10 per 100 j
pounds.
HdiJS- Were stronger and generally 5c high
er. Packers, $4 05g4 20: butchers, $4 OMj4 35;
mixed, $4<S4 27,; lights, *3 75<34 20; pigs, $2 50
<g 3 90.
SHEEP— Trade In sheep was active at the re
cent advance. Poor to prime sheep, $3 25<3 S
4 65; clipped lambs. $4ffO 25; wooled lambs.
J5 To@B 05; spring lambs, $6<fr7.
Receipts— Cattle, 10,600; hogs, 32.000; sheep,
11.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Mny 28.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3500. Market strong; native pteers. $3 564f4 S5;
do cows and heifers, $2<Q4 75; stockers and
feeders, $3<S5 25; bulls, $3 r,o»§"4 75.
H< I' lS— Receipts, 10,600. Market s<gloc higher;
bulk of sales. $4^4 30; heavies, $4 2O'jf4 40;
packers, S3 9694 30; mixed, $3 9004 27; lights,
! $3 ®>rgi 10; pigs. $3<@4 CO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20to. Market Jo^lsc high
er; lambs, S4 50© 6 60; muttons, $3«4 55.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. May CATTLE— Receipts, 1800.
Market strong for' light, heavies slow. Native
beef steers, $4@4 85: Western steers, $390@4 40;
Texas steers, *3 60<U-4 SO; cows and heifers,
$3 50@4 30; etockers and feeders, $3 Soi&4 10;
bulls and stags $3<fi4.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market steady: heavy,
ft 10®4 25; mixed, $4 13©4 20; light, $4 10<@4 15;
bulk or sales, $4 15® 4 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 9200. Market strong; fair
to choice natives, $3 70<g4 40; do Westerns,
$3 30@4 30; common and stock sheep, |3@3 90;
lambs, $4 25@5 75.
DENVER.
DENVER, May 26.— Receipts. 1300.
Market st^adv; b*- steers, $3 50-84 65; cows,
Wai; feeders, freight paid to river, $4@4 50;
Btockers, do, $4C(i4 60: bulls and stags, 12 25<§<3.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market steady; light,
packers, $4 10&4 15; mixed, $4 05<g.4 10; heavy,
$4@4 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1700. Market firm: good
fat muttons, $3 25<?j4 20; lambs, $4 50@5 30.
GOOD RAISINS IN DEMAND.
NEW YORK, May 26.— The Journal of Com
merce nays that recent advices from California
tend to show that a heavy fall of rain dam
aged low-grade Muscat raisins, the existence ot
which has had a depressing Influence upon the
market generally for some time past. In view
of the light consuming demand they have
largely been disposed of to winemakers, and
as supplies of sound fruit in California now
are scarce the I feeling amocg holders is very
firm. In this market. It is reported, reliable
goods have been gradually cleaned up by
steady, though small demands of consumption.
Latterly some speculative Interest has been
shown !>y buyers here, and it is Intimated that
large business might be done in s=tooK on spot
or to arrive at a shade below current quota
tions, but holders are usually willing to make
concessions in view of the limited supply of
sound raisins In all positions, and bids of any
less than figures quoted are rejected.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 26.— Consols, 111%; Silver,
26% d: French rentes, 102f 7~%c.
LIVERPOOL, May 26.— Wheat— Cargoes oft
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, buyers and '. sellers apart; English
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— closed steady; July, 10s 6d;
September, 7s 7%d; December. 7s Ud.
CORN— May, new, 3s 6d; July, steady,
; 3s 6d; September, steady, 3s 7d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., May Very little -wheat
is offering, and quotations are nominal. M Walla
Walla, S7'3BSc; valley and blue stem, 90c. per
bushel.
WASHINGTON. . ;;i.'y ;<£;;
TACOMA. Wash., May 26.— WHEAT—
market. Blue stem, 94c; club, 90c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES. """■
NEW. YORK, May 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California cherries at open auction
to-day, realizing prices as follows: Centen
nial, $1 4091 70; Knight's Early Black, $1;
Black Tartarian, 70c@$l 25. / . — .
CHICAGO, May Royal Anne. $1: Black
Tartarian, 65c@$l 05; seed apricots,'. $1 85 per
half crate.
CASH IN THE TREASURY. ;
■WASHINGTON.' I May 26.— T0-day's state
ment of the . condition ! of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $203,869,326; : gold re
serve, $173,235,502. . . \
: PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 26.— Exchanges, $257.
733; balances, $19,300. -
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May COTTON— Steady;
middling, 6Ho. \ ...-.■ - J
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 5ight.......-'— — *f **
Sterling Exchange, CO days — * »', i
Sterling Cables — ?i2 !
New York Exchange, sight ....... — *p*
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — *<>
Fine Silver, per ounce ,"~," 51?? \
Mexican Dollars — *"« j
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The usual decline took place, with
increased trading on call. . The spot market
was also lower.
Spot wheat: Shipping, $1 52%<8>1 55; milling,
! $1 Go@l 65 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls clock-December—
18,000 ctls, .$1 60%:' 4000 $1 50; 2000. $150%: 6000.
$1 50*; 28,000. $1 50%; 2000, $1 50%; 14.000, $1 50%.
Second December— 22. ooo ctls. $1 50%:
34,000, $150; 16.000, $1 50%; 16,000, W 60%: 4000.
*1 50%; 14.000. $1 49%; 12.000, $1 49%; 4000. $1 49%;
3000. »1 49; 16,000 $1 49%; 10,000, *1 49%; 14.000,
$1 49%. . - •
Regular morning session— December— 4o.ooo
ctls, $1 48; 4000 »1 48*4: 4000. $1 48%: 10.000,
$1 48Vb; IS.OOO, $1 47*4; 14.000, $i 47%. t
Afternoon session — December — 14,000 ctls,
$1 47 1*:1 *: 24,000. $1 47%- 000, $1 47%; 8000. $1 47%: !
2000. $1 4S : 2000, ?1 45%. May— $150. . ::
BARLEY— Futures declined, but the spot ,
mnr'rtct u-as unchanged.
Feed,' $1 22%@1 27^; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2ooo
ctls, $1 19%; 6000. 11 20. i'^\'l t
Second session— December— ctls, II 19;
16,000, $1 18%. ~ :y ?' c ''-'*J» ,'
Regular morning session — 6000 ctls,
SI IS; 4000, $1 18%.
Afternoon session— December— ctls, $1 18%;
2000, $1 18%; -4000, $1 19; 4000, $1 IS%; 2000, SI 19%;
2000. »1 19H: 2000, SI 19%.
OATS— is nothing new to report.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 +5 . per ctl ; good to
choice, SI 35@1 40; common. $130<g132H: Sur
prise, $1 46©1 50; gray, U 32%@1 37%; milling,
SI 35@1 42% per ctl. " _^ . „
CORN— Previous prices rule with a dull mar
ket. -.- , ,
Small round yellow, $1 25 per ctl: large yel
low, SI 07%@l 10, white, $1 07%@l 10 per ctl.
RYE— sl 3:.<gi 38% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND_MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR— Family Extras, t6@6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, 15 75®5 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
| Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4: Oat Groats, $4 25;
I Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $45*4 25;
! Cracked Wheat. S3 75; Farina, $4 75; WhoU
i Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 SO
I <S6 20; In sacks $5 60©6; Pearl Barley, $4 7a;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are lower again. Hay is
unchanged, and the feeling Is steady.
BRAN— SIS BOOK 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS -$Sl@23 per ton.
i FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $27^28 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31®31 50; Jobbing. j
$32®32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $2<ra2s; Cottonseed !
Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; Cracked :
Corn, $25.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $20®
24 60; Wheat and Oat, $20^23; Oat. $17@19;
Barley. $16(218; compressed Wheat. $21024;
compressed Oat. SlG@l!>: Alfalfa. $12®13 50;
Clover, nominal; Timothy, $14@17 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound, $17320; vol
unteer wild Oat $15®16; Clover and Oat, $12 50 ,
©13 50; Barley, $16; Island Barley, $13@15; Al
| falfa, $12<fm SO.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing going on tn Beans at the
moment.
BEAN'S— Bayos, $2 90if3 05; Small Whites. |
$1 9St?2 10; Large "Whites, $1 90@2 05: Pinks.
$2 65@2 75; Reds, $3; Rlackeye, $3 75; Butters,
$1 75@2; Lima*. fß@3 10; Pea, $2@2 15; Red Kid
neys, $2 66#2 85 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25@2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 16©3 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2V£2*iC per lb; Alfalfa. 3q60; Rape, 2Vi@ ■
2%c: Hemp, 2%<@f3c; Timothy, 5.'(j5»4c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75<3'2; Green, $1 90@
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, 15c per 1b; Green
Peppers. 18@25c; Tomatoes, $1 5052 25 per box.
The appearance of new Potatoes from the ;
river In boxes has depressed the market and
both old and new are lower. New Onions are
doing better.
All Vegetables range about the same. Arri
vals of String Beans continue light.
POTATOES— River Reds, 40®60c: River Bur
banks, , CO@7sc per rack: Oregon Burbanks, ST.@
Ssc; Petaluma Burbanks, 70'ti'SOc per sack; new
Potatoes, l@lViC per lb in sacks and $l<gl 75 In .
boxes.
< 'XT Australian jobbing at $4 50@5; new, '
50!g70c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 510 boxes As
-parnfrus, SB tinxw Rhubarb, 300 Backs Peas
and 42 sacks Beans.
Asparagus, $2 25 for extra large: $1 7,"32 per
box for No. l, 75cfi$l 50 for small Rhubarb,
35(iJ65c per box for small to good and 75c
for extra choice; Green Peas, $1 25@1 50 per
sack; Garden Peas, 2c per lb; String Beans,
8@llc; Wax- Beans, SQ'llc; Horse Beans, 40@
50c per sack; Summer Squash, $101 25 per box; i
Dried Peppers, 6*iz7c per Tb; Dried Okra. 12Uc;
Cabbagt, 85975 c per ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per i
sack; Cucumbers, 2T.<??75e per dozen; Marys
ville Cucumbers, $1 2. til 50 per box: Mexican
Tomatoes, per box; new Garlic, B@6o
per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25 :
rb; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated raw,
13c; Onions. Finn; Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c; ,
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
An Improvement In Hens Is reported. Other
wise there is no change worthy of note.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and lf)T;11c for Hens: Geese, per pair, '
! 75c<f?$l; Goslings, $101 25; Ducks. $303 50 for
i old and $3 ".. :T? r» for young; Hens, $3@4; !
' Roosters, young, J7«8; Roosters, old. $3@3 50;
Fryers. ST.'tjf, 50; Broilers, $4@5 for large,
$2 50©3 50 tor small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 75 per i
dozen for young and $I@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Cheese are weak and tending
downward. Eggs, too, are not moving off as
fast as they have been.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 19V4@20c: sec
onds, lS@l9c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades. 15©16ft<3 per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16®
16% c; ladle-packed, 15@16c per It>; Elgin, 17%
@18c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9c: old, 7%@8%0;
Cream Cheddar, ' 10@llc; Young America, lose
lie; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Eggs, 14@16c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13%ig!14c; Eastern, 14@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Plums are coming in every day now, but are
too green to Bell. Apricots keep up. but Cher- |
ries are lower and in rather too free supply ',
for current market needs.
Receipts of Blackberries, Currants and Rasp
berries are steadily increasing and prices are
declining in consequence. - Strawberries con
tinue cheap. Gooseberries are very slow of
sale. ;..*::--,
Oranges are firm, with a scarcity of choice
stock.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 531 chests of Strawberries and i
3641 boxes of Cherries and 416 boxes Apricots.
Strawberries. $2®3 per chest - for targe ■ and
$3©5 50 for small berries In baskets, and $4 DO
<Br> 50 for loose. '
White Cherries, . 20*T40c per box; black, 35<3>
6T>c: Royal A tines, 50i&65c: loose Cherries, 2@3c
for white and Bft@6c per lb for black.
Currants, 40@C0c per box.
Blackberries $1 2.'@l 60 per crate.
Plums, $I@l 25 per crate; Cherry Plums, 50c
per drawer.
Apricots, 35c®$l per i box and 75c@$l per
crate for Prin^le^, 75c@$l 05 per box for Royals
and seedlings. -
Gooseberries, I(g2c per lb for common and
4@sc for English. •
Newcastle Raspberries, Sl^l 25 per crate;
Nearby Raspberries, 40®50c per drawer.
Apples, Goc@sl SO per box; new Apples, 30@50c
per box. :
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 60® 3 25;
Seedlings, 75c(?T$l 25: demons. sOc«fsl for com
mon and $1 25<i12 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 60@4; California Limes, In small
boxes, 40®60c; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
California Prunes continue to occupy the cen
ter of the Ptage as far as the volume of busi
ness in dried fruits is concerned, says the New
York Commercial, and- the market has an up
ward "tendency. The large and small sizes are
extremely ■'■ scarce, having practically disap
peared from first . hands and being obtainable
only from Jobbers, and the ; : medium sizes are
also getting scarce. :=
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%@
5c for 40-50' s, 4«4@4%c for 50-60' : 3%@4c for
60-70" s, 3%@3%c for 70-80' s. 2%(fJc for 80-90' s, 2%
@2%c for 90-100*8; Peaches. 3®sc; farcy, 5%@
6c; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, s®t.%c for Roy
als » and 7iaßc - for ; good to fancy Moorpnrks;
Evaporated Apples. 7%@Bc : sun-dried, 4%@5c ;
Black I Figs in sacks, 2@2%c;- Plums, 4%@4%c
for pitted and* l^-Slftc for unfitted; bleached
Plums, s@sUc; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy: Pears, 2%®4%c for quartets and, 3iS's%o
for halve?, according to color, etc- .
RAISINS— I%®2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3'- a c for four-crown, 4%c for ' Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c.
- Chf-struts are; quotable per lb:
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell and 4®6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell. 6@ ( c for
tshell, B%©9c for paper-shell Peanuts, 4<S>
6ftc t for Eastern and . 4%c : for | California: Pe
cans, 6ft®Sc; Filberts. 9%@iqc: Brazil, Nuts,
B@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50®a per 100. -- ,■ . -__- -
HONEY— Comb, 9@ioc-for bright - and 6®70
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 6%@;
6c- light amber extracted. 4%@sftc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers say that the quartering; of the troops
here Is helping business In this line. Prices
are firm.
• CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9o per lb for
heavy 9%c for light medium. 10c for light,
! lie for extra light and 12@12Vio for sugar cured ;
! Tr-u»ten* sugar cured Hams, 10>4@llc Call-
I Ka^larSf W®loe; Mess Beef , $10 SO per bbl;
> extra Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
1 Pork $9- extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
JI7JTI7 60; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12%c per
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and B We for pure; pails. 9%0;
California tierces, 5%C per lb for compouna
and 7Vtc for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-lb
tins, BVic; 5-lb tins, S%c.
i COTTOLENE- Tierces. 6%f7%c; packages,
! less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 66 in a case 9Vfec;
i 3-lb pails, 20 in a case. B%c; B-lb pails. 12 in a
case S^c- 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. B%e; 50-Ib
tins,' 1 or 2 in a case. 7Tfcc; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lo under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10«?int,ic; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c;
Cowhides. PT/!) ! -.c; Stags. 6c; salted Kip. i»ic;
Calf. 10c; dry Hides, -164 c: .culls and brands.
13<S>13%c; dry Kip and Veal, " 35©16 c: dry Calf,
18@20c; culls, Wn il7c; Goatskins, 2003. % c each;
Kids, 5&lbo; Deerskins, rood summer, 25#3Uc
per lb: medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@30c each; short wool. 40<g70c
each; medium. 70@90c; long wool. 90c@tl 30
each; Horr^hides. salt, *MW 50 for large, $1 50
<j?2 for medium and Eoc@sl for small; Colts,
20@50c; Horsehides, dry, $1 50@2 for large and
ji'cil 50 for small: Colts. 2f.@soc.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says:
"The Hide market continues about the same,
although there seems to be a 'tendency to more
activity In business and perhaps a trifle " better
prices. The sole leather trade is exceedingly
dull, but harness leather is active at very lib
eral values. There are only moderate stocks on
hand of wet salted hides, kip, veal and calf.
Dry flint hides, kip and calf remain the same,
as the prices on these goods are based on the
values obtainable in New York and Boston.
Horsehides are a trifle lower in value. Wool
and sheepskins are very quiet and very little
is being done In wool In this city. Tallow is
about the same, but with somewhat •firmer
values. Deerskins are of . ready sale at the
prices quoted."
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2@2%c; refined, 4%@4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clip. San Joaquln. defective, 7®
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
17<S*18e.
HOPE— crop. 9@12%c per lb.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market for all kinds is steady at un
changed quotations.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— quallt", 6c; choice, *%c; second
quality, 5%c; third quality. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 4(7?5c; small. 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7V>(gSc; Ewes, 7@7%0 per
lb.
LAMB— Spring, BfJ?S%e per lb.
PORK— Hogs. 4??4Hc for large. 4%@4%c
for medium and 3W®3%c for small: stock
Hogs, 2<{j3c; dressed Hogs, E%@6%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. June-July, s%tf
5',4<"; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln, )4 85.
COAI^— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. |8; Houthfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seat
tic, $C. Bryant, 5 ; Coos Ba>- $5; Wallsend.
|7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 60 in
eacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $U; Can
nel. $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
J7 «); Coke, $12 nor ton in bulk and $14 In
eacks.
yi"I<""KSILVER — Has again advanced and is
now quoted at $3S<{i39 per flask for export and
$43 per flask Jobbing.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. Ie; Powdered, d^c; Dry
Granulated, ,'%c; Confectioners' A, 6T»c; Mag
nolia A. sic; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C. s\«c:
Candy Oraniilated, 6c; California A, S^c per
lb; half -barrels V«c more than barrels, and
boxes He more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. May 28.
Flour, qr ska ... 14,700 Hay. tons 163
Wheat, ctls 1,175 Straw, tons 30
Barley, ctls 3,20f. Leather, rolls ... 152
Corn, ctls 60 Lumber, ft 20,0' X)
Rye, ctls 325 Hops, bales 186
Tallow, ctls IC Wool, bales 89
Butter, ctls ISS Lime, bbls 162
Cheese, ctls 13:< Chicory, bbls 5
Potatoes, ska ... 1,621 Eggs, dnz 14.310
Onions, sks 74 Wine, gals 42,960
Bran, sks 700 P^lts. bdls 120
Middlings, sks .. 6* Hides, no 287
Shorts, sks 675 Quicksilver, flsk. 50
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 13.100 Potatoes, sks ... 232
Barley, ctla 10,365 [8ran, sks 4.468
Oats, ctls 6.9551
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 740 Bran, sks 600
Hay, tons 50 Middlings, ska .. 300
Shorts, sks 6751 Potatoes, sks ... 519
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10
NEBRASKA,
j Hay, tons 10
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the Bond Exchange Oceanic continued the
active stock, opening at $62 and selling down
to $60 25. Hntcblnson sold up to $49 75.
Mining stocks continued firm at a further
fractional advance.
The annual meeting of the Crown Point Min
ing Company has been called for June 6.
The Gold Coin Mining Company of Colorado
paid a dividend of S cents per share, amount
ing to $10,000, on May 25.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota, which paid two dividends of 25 cents
each on May 25, reports gross earnings of
$197,122 for April, against $210,500 in March,
and making a total tor the four months this
year of about $814,000.
Returns or the bullion yield from the Con
solidated California and Virginia ore recently
worked nt the Morgan mill show that there
was worked a total of 749 tons and 420 pounds,
yielding bullion of the gross assay value of
$15.656 30, of which $5366 87 was gold and $7323 43
Wai silver. Th.> yield In bullion per ton was
$20 95. The assay value of the ore per .battery
samples averaged $26 99 per ton. The assay
value of the ore per railroad car samples aver
aged $31 47 per ton. The yield, per cent, was,
gold 81.87, silver 73.24.
In the Savage Mining Company's ground on
the Comstock lode during the past week, on
the 130-foot level, the main west drift was
cleaned out and retimbered 12 feet: total length,
553 feet. On the Brunswick lode they are en
gaged in cutting out a station at the 800-foot
level in Incline shaft No. 1. The Joint north
drift on the Sutro tunnel level has been cleaned
out and repaired for a distance of 22 feet; total
length, 42 feet.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 26—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— "Oakland Gas.. 47% —
Is quar c0up..109%111% IPac Gas Imp.. 86 —
4s quar reg...lOSV;lO9^ I Pac L Co 50 51
4s quar new...121%122y* I S F O & E... $$% 87
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3V4 3%
Cal-st Cab 6s. 114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El Ca 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 99 100 Firem's Fund.l9o —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 127% — Anglo-Cal ....-- 63
F&CI Ry 6s. 113 — Bank of Col.. — 244%
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Cal SD & T.. 97% —
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat ....205 -■ — •■'
L A LCo 6s. — 100 Lon P & A... 125 130
, Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65..— 126 Nev Nat 8... 15214160
Do Ist M r>s..ll3ftU3«4 Savings Banks—
j Nat Vln 6s Ist— 97% Ger S & L..H00 1600
NC NO RV73.103 — Hum S & L. 1050 1160
|N Ry Cal 65. .107%—, Mutual Say. • — 42%
N Ry Cal 65.. 100% — 3 F Say U. — 600
NPC R R 65.106 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC R R 55. 100% — Security S B 250 . —
j Oak Gas r5.,.100 — Union T Co. 950 —
! Do 2.1 Is G5..105%110 Street Railroad—
! Om Ry 6s 123^123% California ....10$ 109%
j P & O 65.... 110 — Geary 40 —
; P & Cl Ry 65.107%108% Market-st .... 51% 51%
Powell-st 65... 118 — Presidio .......— 9%
Reno 'VL&L,..ioo — Powder—
Sac Elecßyss.loo — California ....115 150
;SF &N P 55.107 107% X Dynamite .. 85 —
; SlerraßCal 6s. — 102% Giant Con Co. 43% 44
|SP of Ar.65. .103% — Vlgorlt ........ 3 3%
S P Cal 65... .— 113 -Miscellaneous—
SPC Is c«r as.. — 96 Al Pftc Assn.. — .84
I S PBr Gs 110% — Ger Ld Wks..llo —
jS V Wat C 5...116% — Hatiii P C 0.... 12 15
S V Wat 45...101%1C2% H C & S Co.. 19% 20
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 | Hutch B P Co. 4Sft 48%
Water Stocks— ■ i Mer Ex Assn. 90 *.-. — ■ ::
Contra Costa.. 67 58ftiNat Vln C 0... — 7"
Mnrin Co ..... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 60% 60%
Spring Valley. looV4looft Pac A: F L.. 1% —
Gas <& Electric— Pac Bot C 0.. .101 —
Cent Gaßllght.los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
i Mutual El Co. — 11%
Morning Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
6." Market-street Railway 51 7."
j ICO Hawaiian Com & Sugar, b 5.......... 19 57%
ICO do do : ..........19 8.%
DO Oceanic Steamship C 0.......... 62 no
25 do do b 5.......... vvS-n-.
" 80 do do 61 ■'<!
80 do do ££•'.:
320 do do •• Vi^u.
: 35 do do •• 6 112%
Street — - , ' "
100 Spring Valley Water 10 25
I 100 Vigorlt Powder 300
Afternoon Session. ■ ; :
: 25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 19 87%
I 20 Hutchlnson S P C 0...... - g£
30 Oceanic Steamship Co.. •• »0 8. ft
:20 do do •• • -mlju
5 do do .....•• • £2%
30 do do »g
30 do :do • ,m%'-
5 Spring Valley Water 100 25
Street—' . - . _
100 Market-street Rallwoy .. — ......... 61 To
t ' INVESTMENT BOARD.
. Morning Session. :
10 Oceanic Steamship C 0................... W 73 :-■
15 Contra Costa Water Co 68 00 j
10 do do 58 25
70 Hutchinson 8 F Co 48 75
100 Hawaiian C & S Co 20 00
Street—
10 Oceanic Steamship Co — 6100
Afternoon Session.
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 8100
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Con Cal & Va.. 51 i 100 Sierra Nevada.. 56
100 Hale & Norcrs. 8^ j 100 standard 160
JBOOJustice 09 1 100 Yellow Jacket... 23
Afternoon Sessloi..
IKOAlta 11,100 Ophir 38
! 2uO Belcher o:< ; 900 Overman 08
SOOChollar 17 |f.OO Savage .......... 11
300 Con Cal & Va.. 631400 Sierra Nevada., oo
200 Crown Point ... 10 12001 200 Standard 150
i 150 Gould & Curry- • 22 300 Yeliow Jacket... 22
| 350 231
Following were the sales In the Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SOOAlta 10)100 X
"00 Best & Belcher. 29! 500 Tustice 09
! 400 Caledonia 18 200 Mexican 19
12(k. challenge IS 100 Ophir 37
400 wuewpotoai 20
SCO Cliollar 171200 Sierra Nevada.. 5<5
800 Con New York.. ol{3oo 55
400 Crown Point ... 09 200 Union Coo 10
100 Gould & Curry.. 19 1 300 Yellow Jacket.. 22
: 2f,0 Hale & Norcrs.. MM
Afternoon Sesslc n.
; 600 Alpha 03 200 Justice 09
fOO Belcher 09 200 Mexican 20
; 2C-0 Best & Belcher. 30 200 Ophir 88
' 400 Caledonia 20.500 Overman OS
j 700 22|G00Potosl 20
I 800 Con Cal & Va.. 63 300 21
\ 600 Confidence 40 800 Savaje ......... U
200 431200 Slcra Nevada.. 64
: 1500 "Con" Imperial .. 01200 55
300 Crown Point ... 10 too Union Con 10
TOO Gould & Curry. . 22 w>o Yellow Jacket... 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 3»— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 08 10
i Alta 10 11 Kentuck — 01
Andes 08 09 Lady Wash .... — 02
: Belcher 10 11 : Mexican SO 22
Best & Belcher 80 31 Occidental 60 —
i Bullion 05 06 Ophir 39 40
| Caledonia 25 26 Overman 08 09
! chollar 17 IS, Polos! 20 22
Challenge Con. 24 25 Savage 11 12
! Con Cal & Va. 54 EG Seg Belcher ... 06 06
I Confidence 63 — Scorpion — 02
i Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 84 06
! Crown Point ..11 12 Silver Hill 05 06
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard —1 oO
1 Exchequer — 03 L'nion Con «0 11
Gould & Curry. 22 23 Utah 04 05
Hale & Norcrs. 86 8!< Yellow Jacket. 22 24
| Julia — 01
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
F W E. Ruhling to Mary P. Ruhllng, un
divided two-thirds ' lot on N line of Haight
i street, 125 "W of Webster, W 24:4% by >. 13i:6;
gift
Amelia V. R. Pixley to J. Frank D. Curtis
(trustee for Herbert, Hartnffton and \ era \\ .
i Fixley), lot on N line of Grren street, 150 W
! of Fillmore. W 80 by M 13T:6, trust deed; gift.
Bert E. and Blanche Wertheimer to Sarah
! Werthelmer, lot on S line of Fulton street,
137 '. W of Scott, W -<7:fi by B 137:6; $10.
Frances A. Baldwin to Elizabeth G. Bald
; win let on' Nff corner of Union and Devisa
dero »t ta, W6sby N 137:6; $'.500.
Nellie M Anderson to Joseph S. Anderson,
un.llviile.l Lj of lot on S line of Clay street,
37:6 E of Walnut, E 25 by S 102:8 V;; gift.
Christopher C. and Elizabeth W. Woloott to
George M Wescott, lot on N line of Sacramen
to street, 87:6 W of Maple. W 23 by M 102:8k;
m
Samuel L. Theller to N. C. Thompson, lot
commencing 114 feet N of Twenty-fourth street
an.l ISO E of Church, N 36 by E 25, quitclaim
deed ; $6.
Estate of 'William G. Buchanan (by Edward
Smyth, adminlstratori to Otis 13. King, re
record of 1365 d. 174 of lot on W line of Chat
tanooga street, 150 N of Twenty-fourth, N 25,
W 150, S 61, E 50, N 36, E 100; $2000.
James B. and Laura W. Chase to Emlle
Plerron, lot on SW corner of Mason and Green
Streets, S 46 by W 137:8: *in.
Mnry A. Garvey to Thomas Garvey, lot on
SW line of Moss street, 275 SE of Howard, NW
X by SW 75, to correct 172S d. 220; gift.
W. V. and Marie L. Hur.tlngton to Annie S.
Lathrop 'wife of Charles O.), lot on E line of
Seventeenth avenue, 150 N of B street, E 120
by N 26; $10.
Swift Lumber Company (by James Webster.
ePrUKii''^ to Thomas H. O'Brien, lot on SE
lin^ of Wyoming street, 155 E of Sickels, SB
107 by NE 50. block 9. West End Map 2; $200.
T < '. and Mary A. Delamater to Sigmund
Stern, lot on N'K comer Pacific and Octavia
streets, E 140 by N 1X1:6%; $1.
Sigmuni anil Koealle Stern t" Abraham Stern,
' lot on N line of Pacific street, 140 E of Oc
tavia, N Un:6%L W 82:9%, N 1:07%. W 7:2%.
S aXO\k. E 70; $10.
William MeCracken to A'lele M. McCracken.
i lot on N line of Page street, U>2:6 E of Web
! ster. E 25 by N 120: also lot on N line of
I 1:10, N 137:6. SW to beginning'; also lot on SW
: 1:10, N 137:6, to beginning; also lot on SW
: earner Waller and Tromnnt street, W 80 by 3
1(«'. .-4.S per articles of separation; — .
Adele M. McCracken to William McCracken,
lot on W llnf- 01 Masonic avenue. 250 3 of Wal
l.-r S 200 by W ims:3; also lot on N line of Fell
street. 181:3" E of Steine- E "i oby N 137:6; also
lot on E line of Ode street. 112:6 S of Page,
S 25 by E X"i:3. aa per articles ol separation; — .
1 ' B. and Janet Knickerbocker to Joseph
R •enzwelff, tot on N line of Page street. 56:3
W of Cole. W 2S by N 100; $10.
Mary E. Burns to Elizabeth A. and Theresa
C. Burns, lot on NE lino of Tenth street, 305
NW at Harrison, N*V 2.". by XE SO; gift.
Ely I. and Helen J. Hutchinson to P. Strick
ert, lot on E line of Stevenson street. 110 N
of Thirteenth. N 2.i by E 72:fi; $10.
Aiameda County.
Jeannle K. and M. Lobner to Oakland Loan
and Investment Company, lots 1 to 11, map o£
Baker subdivision of lot 1, Yoakum Tract,
Brooklyn Township, subject to a mortgage for
$3000; $10.
F. Mathiesen to P. H. Me Vicar, lots 8 and
9. block I, Map of Northern Addition of Town
of Livermore, Murray Township, also lot on N
line of Railroad avenue, 100 W of I stret, N
150 by W 50, beln portion of plat D, Ladd
Tract, same, quitclaim deed,. Murray Town
ship; $.">.
Same to Israel Hortnn. lot beginning at point
of intersection of N line of county road, Liver
more to Stockton, and quarter section line di
viding the E half of Section 9, Township 3,
south. Range 2 E. from W half of said section,
thence N 316:1. SW 1036:11, S 290, E 893 to be
ginning, Town •of Livermore, Murray Town
ship; $28.
Ueorge Gartlan to California Bank (a corpor
ation), lot on W corner of East Twenty-fifth
street an.l Fourteenth avenue, SW 69.16. NW
114.70, NE 66, SE 130.42 to beginning, block
151. Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
B. Kelsey to Rhoda H. Robinson, lot on S
line of Evoy avenue, 240 E of Grove street, E
40 by S 100. portion Montgomery Tract No. 1. •
quitclaim deed. Oakland Annex; $5. !
Charles F. and Pauline E. Mattoch to M.
C. Nunan, lot S2 block C, Frultvale Villa I
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. j
Builders' Contracts. j
Edith A. Taylor (ownerj with Marcuse &
Remmel (contractors and architects), brick
work, carpenter work, . mill work, plumbing,
painting, etc., for a 2-story frame building on
W line of Seventh avenue, 425 N of Lake street, ;
N 25 by W 114; $890.
- Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company (own- '
ers) with Crane Elevator Company (contractor),
architect none, all work on one hydraulic pas
senger elevator for a 7-Ptory brick and stone
building on the_^E corner of Montgomery and '
Sacramento streets: $3650.
Mrs. Emily F. Pope (owner) with Richardson ]
& Gale (contractors), architects Pissis & •
Moore, brick and granite work, cast iron work, [,
steel beams, wrought Iron WOT&. illuminating:
tiles for a 4-story find basement brick build- |
Ing on the NE line of Market street. 291. SW ,
from point of Intersection of NW line of Mar
ket with S line of Sacramento street, thence N |
to a point on the S line of Sacramento street.
236.16 W from said point of Intersection, thence ,
W 137:6, .< 91:8, E 10S:S&. S 99:5%. NE 35:6 to j
bP #am n e in with Co 4 lu a Stone Company (contract- :
ors), architects same, sandstone for same on .
"flame'wfth S H. Kent (contractor), architects !
same carpenter work, tinning and galvanized ,
?n n workT stairs. Blazing and hardware for
same on same: $12,500.
THE CALL CALENDAR
May, 1898.
t : 1 ; i 1 i i
Mo
2
9 i
' 3
"io~
We
It
i
11
I Is"
25
Th.
5
liuj
13
sa.
i
21
■ 23
/Tsv full Moou.
• \D May 5.
[^Laet Quarter.
<& May 12.
*? v Kew Moon.
I W May 20.
I -•► First Quarter.
! 9 M.iv 2S. •
16
a
16
23
i 19
26
27
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, May
•>f; 1898.
The ilro* ball on Telegraph Hill was droppivl
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of the
>Oth meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign. Tl. S. N.. In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'nited States Hydrographic
Office, locate<l in the Merchants" Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and ali matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted alwiut ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
bj telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the tlmeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, If any, is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning- papers the following day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign. U. S. N.. in Charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Burrey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. V^
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAY-litt-f. ~"
Friday, May 27.
Run rl«»ss - i:4!»
Sun Bets.... 7:JS
Moon sets. ..Midnight
1*222 Feetl±2ls?!
IH W L W
H W
L W
27 2:41 .
28 4:12
L W|
29 0:11
SO 1:06
81 1:M
1 2:42
41| 9:57 1
8.81 10:43
JH W
2.5 5:44
1.9| 7:12
Vt\ Hit*
0 6 9SS
111 6:56
|L W
8.61 11 :.il
8 6 \2: '■
8.7 1:14
38! 1:03!
11
4J 1
Ih w
1.5 6:31'
1.9 ; :tfl
2.3 7:42 !
2.7 1 8:20
' 6.0
I 62
6.5
5.S
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the loft
hand column and the successive tides of th <
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Thi
second time column givpp the MCOBd tU» [
th<> day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when th»re are but
three, tides, as sometime* occurn. Th- heights
given are additions to the soundings on th*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus tifm < — ) precedes the hetsrht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower liw water*.
STEAMERS TO ABRIV&
rmi0n.. ......... I
Empire ..... I
I Portland
Wai la Walla
Coos Bay
San Ma«o
State or OaL...
China. :.. .
Chllkat-
Tltanta ;
Allceßlanohard
Pomona
Crescent City..
Arcata
Wellington
Washtenaw .
Scotia
City of Topeka
Nortn Port —
Orlzaoa
Willamette. . . .
Orccron
Homer...
Moana
Umatllla.
San Bias
Santa Kosa —
Coiumoia
Coos Bay-
Victoria &Pu>ret Sound..
Newport ....' „
Oomoi
Portland
China ana Japan.
Eel River _....
N'anr.rao
Taquina 8ay..... ....
San Diero
Crescent Cltr..
Coos Bay
Departure Bay
Taeotna.
HumboWt .....
Seattle i
uumooiat
HumDOldt -.
Seattle
Portlana
Newport ...
Sydney !
Victoria A Puret Sna ....
Panama j
Ban Dlero i
Poruana '
Kay »7
May 37
May 27
. May 27
Maya
May 2$
May JJ
May M
May
May 29
May 29
May 29
May 2y
May IS
May 30
I May SO
May 33
May SO
Bay 83
May 31
i May 81
:jno 1
Jna 1
Jna 1
Jits 1
Jne a
BTEA.MEKS TO BAIL.
STEAMER, i
ATIOV!
Sails.
iton
umbla-.
it. -i Rosa
on
ric
lator
>s tiav..
,ikat —
te of Cal
;ata
Oregon Ports.
Portland
<;an Diego
Panama
| Chin rut Japan
Pufret Sound .
Newport
Humboldt
Portland
Coos Bar
1 San Dlearo....
' Vie & Pet Snd
Htimboldt. ...
!Humtx>lu[ ....
| St. Michael...
I Alaska
Portland
Newoort
St Michael....
HumboiJt ...
May 27, Ipm
May If. 1U am
May 27. 11 am
May 28. 12 si
May 28. 1 pm
May in, 10 am
May 29. 9 am
May 59. 9 am
May 30. 10 am
May 30. 10 am
May 31. 11 a* i
May 31. 11) am
June 1. 10 am
June 1. 10 am
June 1. I
June 'i, !
June 2. 10 ami
June 2. » am,
June 2 I
June S. 9am
; Pier 12
1 Pier 11
;PM S3
PM S3
I Pier 9
Pier 11
'Pier 13
Plar 13
Pier LI
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 9
Pier 9
nona ..
:oua
i.~ '
nzaba.. .'.
'or?an Cy.
re? Dollar
I
resron
Pler'iJ
Pier 11
!omer.. ..
hs Nelson
ortn ForU
'pier'"j
SUII'PI: « INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 28.
Btmr Morgan City, Leach, 14 days from
Tyoonok.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 67 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Mon
terey.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman. 40 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, May 86.
Stmr Rldeout, Dunham, St Michael, via Port
Townsend: Yukon Trading Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria; Ooodall.
Perkins & Co. _
Bark Alex McNeil. Nielsen, St Michael; Jfts
Brown.
SAILED.
Thursday, May 26.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria arid
Port Townsend. I
Schr Nettie Sundborg. Johnson, Fort Ross.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen.
Schr Man- C, Campbell, Bodega. •
Schr Novelty, Rldeout. Port Townsend and
F- Michael. _ . •
Schr Webfoot, Donnellv. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 26—10 p. m.— "Weather,
cloudy; wind, W; velocity. 14 miles per hour.
CHARTERS.
The schr Eric loads lumber at Chemalnua
°The a George C Perkins loads mdse 'or .....
The George C Perkins loads mdse 'or hv
hului.
DISASTER.
The stmr Rldeout iving at Spear street bulk
head caught fire, but was extinguished.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON. May*.— Saranae at Hollo.
previously reported seized, has been released.
Br bark Banffshire. from Cardiff, for Esqui
malt. put Into Montevideo, having sustained
damage from heavy weather.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived May 26-Stmr O;jrg«
Loomts. hence May 25. . _
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived May 25-Sch Fan
nie Adele. hence May 15. c »~,. n™
CHIGNIK BAY-Arrived April 27-Stmr Orr
tle Story, hence April 16. May 2-Ship Llew
ellyn J Morse, hence April 6.
FORT RCSS— Arrived May 26— Scnr La
CporNTbßE#EslpC porNT b ßE#E slpa 22 Bsed8 sed May 26-Br torpedo
boat Inoarus. from San P»^o. for E l «£>.',•»
bark J D Peters, from Cooks Inlet, 'or — .
ship Colubia, hence May 17. WTkw:?'™
Sunol, from Port Ludlow. for SMiFJaDfiJtc^
Haw ship Fort George, from Chemalnus, Tor
S> ASTORIA-Passed Mr- 25-Stmr Indiana, fm
r^SSSBS^XJT&?VS3St^ Renton.
I fr pORT e BL°lk LEY-Arrived May 26-Bark
I Kate Davenport, hence May I. pp a «a
, SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 26-Strr.r Pasa
! dena; from San Diego; stmr Samoa, hence
■ M T\TOOSH-Pa.«sed Ma- 26-Stmr Washtenaw.
1 from Tacoma. for San Francisco; »r »Un_Wrt
lineton. from Departure Bay, for San Fran-
C '^°HT ANGELES-Arrlved May 26-Stmr In
diana, from Philadelphia, for Port Townsend
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrtved May 2^T k i2
1 John Smith hence May 1": bark fanow and
! Burpess hence May 11: bktn Robert Sudden.
he pORT I GAMBLE-Arrlved May 26-Schr Com- ;
: et S a He d m Port lUakelev. Guinevere, for Val-.
Sailed May 2iV-Chil bark Guinevere, for Val-
Pa M a ENDOCINO - Sailed May 26-Stmr Point
A si?ATTLE-A n rrT^ nC Ma°y 26-Stmr Humboldt.
'■ ri Sallid y May 26— Ship Yosemite. for San Fran-
Ct gOUTH BEND— A rived May 26— Bark Aura-"
OI TA«SS^— Sailed May 26-Stmr City of To
reka for San Francisco; stmr Al-Ki for Dyea. ,
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 26— Stra .
Alcatraz, from Point Arena.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 2G— Sehr Sparrow, for
• bktn Eureka, for Honolulu.
Arrived May 26— Stmr Scotia, hence May 25.
FORT ROSS— Sailed May 26-r-Schr La Chll
ena, for San Francisco. -^
ASTORlA— Arrived May 26— Br ship Cromp
ton. hence May 12; stmr Oregon, hence May
24
Sailed May 26— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco.
FO: EIGN PORTS.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived May 26— Bark
Charles It Kenney. hence May 10. ...
NANAlMO— Arrived May 20-Schr Muriel, ho
Slav 17. - '
TAKU-Salled May 25— Bktn Newsboy, for
Pusret Sound.- _ .. ._. ,
GREENOCK— May 25— ship Bal
clutha. hence Nov IS. May 28— Br ship Dun-!
britton. from Portland. _
QUEENSTOWN— / rrlved May 26— Br ship
Marlon Frazer. from Tacoma.
SWANSEA— SaiIed May 26— Ital ship F 3
Ciampa. for San Franci^oo.
FA LMOUTH— May 25— Ttr bark
Heathbank. hence Jan 25.
FREEMANT^e;— Arrived prior to May Mo
bktn Wrestler, - from Esquimau. . .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 23— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
CARDlFF— Arrived May 24— Br ship Lord
Rosebery. from Taeoma.
DOVER— Passed May 24— bark Louis Pas
teur, from London, for -; Ital ship Macdiar
, mid, f rcm Hull. : . for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 26— Stmr Auranla.
for Liverpool; stmr Southwark. for Antwerp.
GENOA— Sailed May 26— Stmr Fulda. for New
York. _ .. i
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 26— Stmr Britan
nic, for New York. _  ,
LIVERPOOL— May 25— Stmr Majes
tic.- from New. York.- ' -, ,»-k!
LONDON— May 25— Stmr Manitoba,
from New York. •■ '^■'~1~"~ -a*. '„.
■■■ QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 20— Stmr . Rnyn
land. for Philadelphia. „ _ ._ .•
- LIVERPOOL- Ariv^-d May 28— Stmr Belgan
, land, from Philadelphia. ' „ • ... -
MARSEILLES— Arrived May 2&— Stmr Alesla, .
from New York. '■'-> '_. '■'. '"'',, », '■* I
- ROTTERDAM— May 26— Stmr Maa»- ;
dam, for New York. ■■, •• . t
...LONDON— Sailed May 26— Stmr Massachu
setts, for New York. ■ : '■■*\Ji,-. '"'_. '
NAPLES— SaiIed May 26— Stmr Victoria, for ;
New York. •• - ; - , ,„' ■ ••■„ ■ ',' ]
- NEW YORK— Arived May 26— Stmr i Patrls.
from Hamburg. !CHILDREN TO
TAKE A HAND
Red Cross Ladies to
Have a Booth.
MEMORIAL DAY PRESENTS.
REPUBLICAN CLUB TAKES UP
AN OFFERING.
Oakland League Decides Not to
Handle any Tickets for
the Race Track
Benefit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, May 26.
The Board of E having declined
to allow the ladies .■:' the lied Cross
■ donations at the various
f b, the league has decided to make
a special effort among the little ]><.;
next Monday. They will have a I
beautifully decorated outside the head
quarters of the ♦ league in the Central
Bank building, and from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
many young ladks will be in attendance
to receive gifts from the school children.
The day has been christened Children's
1 - and being Memorial day
It is believed that thousands of school
children will delight in donating little
gifts to the work of the league. The let
tering on the booth will remind the chil
dren of the pledge they take daily when
they salute the Sag, and the unpieasant
i by the Board of Education
tnat some children would have their feel
ings hurt by not being able to give as
: re will be avoided.
Any gifts of money will be acceptable,
and no doubt many iittle red pennit-s %\ ill
be cheerfully contributed by the children
as well as many shining dollars.
Mrs. Dunwoody, chairman of the enter
tainment committee of the league, re
: a letter to-day from Mrs. W. P.
Harrington, president of the State organ
ization, asking the Oakland ladies to help
in the race track benefit. Mrs. Oscar Long
faid that the resolution passed by the
league distinctly forbids taking an active j
part In the giving of a.n entertainment, al- [
though the league is perfectly willing to ;
receive any benetit that may be received !
from any entertainment. The attitude of
akland ladies will be explained to j
the San Francisco league.
Bund Parlor, N. S. G. W-, has donat-
I • Red Cross Society $50, and this.
in connection with the amount previously
given, brings the total to $'S6w. ai wie
rally" of the Seventh Ward Kc
publican Club, Captain Wallace, U. S. N..
in the subject of the Red Cross. He j
explained that many of the old and cruel j
is of warfare have been superseded i
by more humane methods, as was shown i
during the Civil War by the Sanitary
Commission and the Red Cross Society.
At the conclusion of his speech he passed i
his hat around for the benefit of theleague j
juid collected over $30.
MANY GRADUATES IN~
THE COLLEGE TOWN
BERKELEYANS BY SCORES TO
RECEIVE DIPLOMAS.
Approaching Commencement Fes
tivities at the Peralta Academy,
the Berkeley High and
Miss Head's School.
BERKELEY. May 26.— Diplomas were
tbifl evening upon seven grad
uates of the Peralta University Academy
by Principal Francis Dunn. The grad
uates, six of whom will enter the Slate
"University in August, were:
Scientific department— Ralph P. Phelps, Al
fred E. Bouiitr. Kichanl Fie-ir-rick Beamer and
'.
md classic department— Frederick
E G> >ea, Audubon Woolsey and George A.
:
Next W< dneeday evening the graduat
ing exercises of the Berkeley Hign School
• held at Shattuck Hall. The grad
uating- class will number over 100, ut-i:isj
more than twenty greater than the class
The following will be recommend
ed to the Board of Education for diplo
mas:
Classical— James Loring Barker, Harold Os
car Cummlngs, Henry B. Dewing, Calvin Olive
tsterlcj-, Nina Melissa Farwell, Herbert
Mackie, Allan Pomeroy Matthew, Elsie Xut
\ ielaide Parsons, Otto Wallace Peterson,
... Ruok!er]ge, Edda Allen Warner Kyder,
■ Jeanette Ward.
Literary — .Fannie H. Avery, Eva , Laura
Bramlet, Pearl Brown, June Swain Chappell,
Laura Ethel Conn, Mary Louise Davil!, Frances
Edna Farish, Jean Downey, Amy Flagg. Kate
R. Gompertz, Fred F. Goodsell, Elsie Gould,
John 11. Henderson, Bertha Hutton. Mary F.
Jewett. Katherine Frances Keyes. Edith May
Lee, George Campbell Mansfield, Leon Elner
Martin. Bertha Virginia Merriam, Challeti
Rogers Parker, Edna Potwin, Annie J. Schroe
der, Geneva Lillian Simpson, Jennie Winne
fred Sieves, Harriet Monroe Stuot, Sophie B.
yon Ahuem, James W. Mansfield.
Scientific— Fannie Arciley. Henry Montcastle
Ardley, C. Hutton, Aslandt, D. L. Baird,
Frank Baird, Arnold Barnett. William Ed
xnond Basham, F. • Homer Berka. Enid Alalne
Bird. Joshua O. Brock, Harold Melville Chllds,
Ernest Brooks Clark, Mabel Ruth Clark, Ar
thur A. Conn, Hewett Davenport, Leta Dora.
Ella E. Duggan. Hubert Leo Duggan, Charles
C. Finn, Rokusaburo Fukuda, Robert Hilliard
Ooodale, Percy N. Warner. Tyrrel Lapham i
Jlamlin, Helen E. Hill, Gustave Greische. Ruth
Eleanor Halgate. Elsie May Hunt, Henjlro
liato, Louis Albert Henry Kllng, Henry H.
Johnson. Herschel Holt McDonald, Lillian Es- |
ther McFarland, Arthur McKeown, Carolyn j
Ptacey Morse, Mitsunori Nakanouchi, Earl M.
Kuttinp. Ethel Leita Preble. Walter N. Rat
cliff Jr.. Herbert William Ross. Chester Mel
ville Rugg, Russell Severance Springer. Frank
I. Standart. Harry K. Stewart.
Limited— Pauline Marie Dumet, Ruth Dell
Engel, Agnes McGaw Forgie, Florence Gentry,
6tella Isabel Hall, Ruth A. Hoppln, Arthur V.
Leslie, Florence E. Lough, Mac F. Mac Coy,
Annie Ellis McCleave, Albert Mix. Martha En
rarnatlon Pagh, Laura Ethel Sleeper. Henry
Spencer, Jane Catherine Stewart, Maude E.
Watraos, Joseph Lewis Wilson Jr.
On Friday, June 3, eleven young ladles
•will graduate from Miss Head's school.
The presentation of diplomas will con
clude the commencement week festivities,
which will include an alumni luncheon at
the University Club in San .Francisco on
Saturday next and a garden party on the
grounds of the school next Wednesday.
The party will last from 4 to 7 o'clock,
and a May-pole dance and a battle of
roses will be features of the occasion.
Following is the list of prospective grad
uates: • -X-vSM
Katherine Bunnell. Berkeley; Edna Lucia
Chamberlain. San Francisco: Ethel Cooper.
Vkiah: Aurelia Pemoro, Berkeley: Mary de
Frcmrry. Oakland: Leslie Thayer Green,
Berkeley; Julia Leigh, Oakland; Alma More
he.id, Chlco: Florence Pauline White, Oak
land; Myra Winn, San Francisco; Edna Faith
Wyckofr, Berkeley.
MAY CALL OUT THE CADETS.
Possibility That Governor Budd May
Need the Student Soldiers
of Berkeley.
BERKELEY, May 26.— Governor Budd
may rail out the student soldiers of tho
University Cadet Battalions to fill the de
pleted ranks of the National Guard. With
the sending of its second quota of nearly
2000 men, California's force of drilled sol
diers will to materially reduced. Men
will be needed to fill their places here at
home for the purposes of garrisoning the
various reservations that are likely to be
left without men on account of the trans
fer of the regulars to the front.
The university cadets, like the National
Guardsmen., can be ordered out by the
Governor 'or duty in any part of the
State. There is some question, however,
whether the Federal or State authorities
would have to equip them. The guns
with which they drill are furnished by the
National Government. Years ago the
cadets were called out and waited under
arms for some forty-eight hours, during
the trouble with the Modoc Indians.
Although they were equipped and ready
to march to the seat of hostilities, they
were never ordered to proceed. It is
probable that if the cadets should be
ctlled out now, tfceir duties would be^
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
GRADUATING CLASS OF '98, ST. MARY'S COLLEGE.
J. I. ODEA,
San Francisco.
F. M, SILVA,
Napa.
A. P. FINAN,
Folsom,
OAKLAND, May 26.— The graduating exercises of St. Mary's College will take place on Friday evening at the Mac
donough Theater. Various subjects will be discussed by members of the class of '98. W. P. Sullivan, B. S., '97, will
deal with "The American Republic"; A. P. Finan will treat of "The Insurrection of 1795"; Leo F. Tormey will discourse
on "The Monroe Doctrine": F. M. Silva's graduating theme is "General Rosecrans"; "The Navy" will be dealt with by
J. I. ODea; T. H. Donovan will speak on Leo XIII; J. A. Young will tell of the deeds of "The American Missionaries";
E. T. Mallon will discuss "Public Opinion." The degrees conferred will be Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of 'Science.
mainly those of garrisoning the various
military reservati
Will Honor Dead Heroes.
BERKELEY, May 26.— .Lookout Moun
tain Posl No. 88, <:. A. X., of Berkeley,
will celebrate Memorial Day next Mon
day with the regular annual services at
Odd Fellows 1 Hall in the morning, decora
tion of soldiers" graves in Mountain "\ lew
Cemetery in the afternoon, and patriotic
exercises in the evening at Shattuck Hall.
Commander John T. Clough and Adjutant
Theodore Wagner will issue the regular
Memorial Day order to-morrow. Secre
tary E. W. Davis, of the University of
California, will deliver the oration in the
evening, and chorus songs will be sung
under the direction of Professor S. D.
Waterman, principal of the Berkeley High
School.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. May 26.— A meeting of the
grounds and buildings committee of the
Beard of Regents of the university w.u
be held at 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon
at Regent Denicke's office in San Fran
cisco. At 3:30 the finance committee will
meet at the office of Major Mhoon, coun
sel for the Board of Regents.
Steps will be taken immediately to move
the offices of the president and recorder
of the university from North Hall to
South Hall. All of the administrative
offices of the university will then be
brought together into one building.
The Berkeley branch of the Red Cross
Society has moved its headquarters from
the First Congregational Church to the
Hinkle block, on Shattuck avenue, where
the material committee will meet every
Thursday.
Inspector Charles H. Shlnn of the ex
perimental stations or" the Agricultural
Department of the university has gone to
inspect the Paso Robies station. :
The trustees of the First Unitarian
Church of Berkeley have let the contract
for the building of their new church on
Dana-street and Bancroft way. The new
edlrice will cost $3695.
MANY EULOGIES TO
J. C. MARTIN'S WORTH
QUIET CEREMONY IS HELD AT
THE HOME.
Bar Association Calls a Special
Meeting and Court Ad
journs to Attend th«
Funeral.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 26.
The funeral of the late J. C. Martin was
held this morning at his late residence.
The service was conducted by Rev. John
Bakewell, rector of Trinity Episcopal
Church, and was very simple, the aged
rector reading the ritual in an impressive
manner over the remains of his departed
friend. A. A. Moore, J. P. Garlick, G. M.
Shaw, W. J. Robinson and Mr. Stevens
were the pall-bearers and carried the cas
ket from the house to the hearse. It was
taken to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, where
the remains will be incinerated.
A joint meeting of the Bar Association
of this county was held this morning In
Judge Greene's courtroom. There was a
very large attendance of attorneys and
the following resolutions were unanim
ously adopted and incorporated in the
minutes of the meeting:
Resolved, That the lawyers of this
county and this association learn with
deep sorrow of the death at the high
noon of his life and activities of our
late brother and companion, James C.
Martin. Although our brother filled a
larger field of professional labor than
Alameda County and had the Just fame
of sturdy work and brilliant effort be
yond the borders of the county or State,
he yet was ours anij one of us, and we
here at his home knew and loved him
better and more than did the more
casual acquaintance beyond the border.
He was a kindly, cheerful man. He
never saddened, but always cheered. In
the court room, in his office, wherever
met, he gave patient attention and cour
teous consideration. Close, careful, bold
and pertinacious in the trial of cases, he
did not seek to strain the law or facts;
took success with modesty and met de
feat with fortitude.
He v.as a learned lawyer, who, by his
research and industry, made labor light
to the Judges and made clear complica
tions most complicate. He was humorous
and alwayi lightened labor with Inno
cent Jest. H* was domestic in taste and
devoted to his family, a kind husband
and father, a faithful public officer and
a good citizen. We look with pride upon
his life, and sorrow for his death un
timely, and tender his family our sin
cere sympathy In their bereavement.
Resolved, further, That these resolu
tions be spread upon the minutes of this
association and that the same be pre
sented to the Superior Court of Alameda
County with a request that they be
spread upon the minutes thereof; and,
further
Resolved, That this association and
bar attend the funeral services of our
friend and brother, James O. Martin.
Resolved, That a copy hereof be cent
to the family of our deceased companion
and friend.
Eulogies were delivered by the de
ceased's professional partner, A. A.
Moore, Hon. William R. Davis, John R.
Glascock, L. S. Church and Judges Ells
worth, Hall, Ogden and Greene.
Bed Cross Benefit Musicale.
OAKLAND, May 26.— A musicale was
given at the beautiful home of Mrs.
Frederick Belcher this afternoon at 1143
Myrtle street for the benefit of the Red
Cross League. The affair was a pro
nounced success and the large, hand
somely decorated parlors were filled.
The numbers were highly appreciated,
and a leat sum was netted for the league.
Among those taking part in the pro
gramme were: Miss Clara Janet Peame,
Mme. F. Jacquay-Doria, Miss Mac Cullen,
Miss Florence Conner, Miss Edith Hanks,
Miss Jeannette Patrldge. Slgnor Alfredo
Doria, Herr Arthur Fickensher.
Bead Bret Harte's great story, Sal
omy Jane's Kiss, in next Sunday's
CalL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1898.
T. H. DONOVAN,
Hollister.
W. P. SULLIVAN,
San Francisco.
LIABILITY
FOR STRIKES
Damage Suit Hangs on
a New Point.
ELLIOTT WAS THROWN OFF.
HIS TICKET TO PLEASANTON
HAD EXPIRED.
Could not Return on Time Because
the Southern Pacific Railway
System was Tied
Up.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, May 26.
The suit of Samuel W. Elliott, which
was called in Judge Greene's court for
trial to-day, recalls the great strike of
1894. Elliott wants $20,000 and costs from
the Southern Pacific Company because he
was put off a train about a month after
the strike was off on his showing a lim
ited ticket which he had not used, but
which expired during the strike.
The case possesses many interesting
features, the chief one being, of course,
the liability of the railioad company,
which asserts that it was not in any way
responsible for the stoppage of its traffic
in July, 1594.
Elliott bought a ticket at Pleasanton
good for a return trip to San Francisco.
It was sold at a reduced rate and its time
was limited to three days. Before the
three days expired the strike was de
clared and Elliott could not use his ticket.
He took the creek boat to Oakland, the
electric car to Haywards, a bus to Nlles
and walked fourteen miles to his home.
"How was the walking?" asked Attor
ney Moore. "A good road?"
"Oh, yes." said Ellott, "good road— lt
was the Southern Pacific track."
About a month later Elliott went to
San Francisco and on his return he pre
sented the unused half of his limited
ticket to the conductor. It was rejected,
and, according to the complaint, the
plaintiff was "willfully, wantonly, mali
ciously and wrongfully assaulted, insult
ed and maltreated by the plaintiff and by
force of arms ejected by said plaintiff,
and while being ejected from said train
was beaten and dragged from the car and
cut upon the face and bruised about the
eyes and other portions of his body, and
by reason of said Injuries has been dam
aged in the sum of twenty thousand dol
lars."
The conductor that It Is alleged threw
Elliott off the train is "W. J. Martin, who
resided in the State till July of last year,
when he went to the Klondike, so his
testimony cannot be taken and no effort
was made to obtain his deposition, which
fact Is set forth in an affidavit filed by
the defendant. The Southern Pacific de
nies all the aliegi tions of the complaint
and says that af U r repeated requests to
leave the train had been made Conductor
Martin, "without beating and without
dragging the plaintiff, and without in
juring him, laid hands upon the plaintiff
and escorted him from the train."
A. A. Moore represents the defend
ant and George Lezynski and M. C.
Chapman appear for Elliott.
KILLED IN A MINE.
Fatal Gas Explosion at the Tesla
Colliery.
OAKLAND, May 26.— An explosion of
fire damp occurred at the Tesla coal
mines early this morning and one man
was killed.
The accident took place in the 400-foot
level, where a foreman and twelve men
were engaged in the construction of an
air shaft. They had Just reached an open-,
ing when the explosion occurred. All the
gane carried safety lamps, but the sup
ADVERTISEMENTS.
polarTbear^line.
First Class $200 To Dawson.
-.■.. .. . ■
ALASKA-YUKON .TRANSPORTATION CO.
LAST CHANCE %*%%£"**** on Steamer for Flrst Trip
THE NEW, ELEGANT ELECTRIC-LIGHTED
STEAMER "NATIONAL CITY"
WILL BE DISPATCHED " .:/.;,
XSo°ut MAY 31 1898, for DA WSON CITY,
CONNECTING AT ST. MICHAEL WITH .- OUR FLEET .
OF RIVER STEAMERS FOR ALL YUKON POINTS.
THE WORLD-FAMOUS ** |TYr*P?f '"C2r Wf\ ¥9 * 9 SAILS JUNE 3
OCEAN STEAMER ;£. A Wli^ JL9I V'T : For Above Points
nnnc 280 POUNDS OF BAGGAGE. OUR RIVER STEAMERS ARE
rK.L.L no LIMIT TO EXCESS. THE FINEST ON THE YUKON.
THE LOWEST OF FREIGHT RATES CAN BE OBTAINED.
GENERAL OFFICE 8 6TEUART ST.; SAN FRANCISCO.
J. A. YOUNG,
San Francisco.
L. A. TORMEY,
Rodeo.
E. T. MALLON,
San Francisco.
position is that some one must have ap
proached with a naked light and precipi
tated the explosion. The chute was
choked with debris, and on mustering the
men one Italian was missing. Several
other men were slightly burned. The
dead man is P. Sola, and his body was
taken to Livermore to-night, where an in
quest will be held by Deputy Coroner
Feldler.
Dow Scores His Colleagues.
OAKLAND, May 26.— Special Officer
John E. Murphy was selected to-day to
fill the vacancy caused by the removal
•of Officer J. J. McCarthy last week. Peter
Gar my was elected a special officer to
j fill Murphy's position. When the latter's
; appointment was made by the vot€3 of
i City Engineer Clement and Mayor Thom
ias "City Attorney Dow said: "The trou
! ble Is the business of this board Is done
'In whispers, behind closed doors and
around corners. You are afraid to come
ftut in the open. This in what has brought
| disgrace upon this administration."
Jerked From a Train.
OAKLAND, May 26.— Mrs. Gertrude
Kate Sowall has filed a suit fors2s,ooodam
ages against the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company. She charges that on the
night of April 3, at 9:45 o'clock, when
she was about to alight at the Clinton
station, the train started suddenly. An
employe of the company is charged with
grabbing her and jerking her from the
steps, causing her to fall, which Internal
ly injured her. She declares that she will
never entirely recover from the effects
of the fall.
Unable to Appear To-Day.
OAKLAND. May 26.— The examination
of Hubert D. Fraser of Berkeley, on a
charge of criminally assaulting Miss Dus
enbury, could not be continued before
Judge Lawrence to-day owing to the con
dition of the complaining witness, who
fainted yesterday afternoon. She was
taken into the hotel adjoining and attend
ed by a physician. A similar examination
was to have occurred in San Francisco to
day, but that had to go over.
Cavalry Troop Headquarters.
OAKLAND, May 26.— Troop A of the
Oakland Light Cavalry have been ten
dered a spacious suite of rooms in the
Macdonough building. To-day the offi
cers moved in and everything will soon
be in readiness for the boys. E. C. Lyon,
the Schreiber Furniture Company and H.
Schellhaas have donated all the furniture
needed.
Company G Ready.
ALAMEDA. May 26.— 1n anticipation of
the Fifth Regiment being called into ac
tive service. Captain Simpson of Com
pany G, located in this city, has notified
all members of the company, as well as
volunteers, to report at the armory udi
evening preliminary to taking steps to
being mustered into the United States
service. The company is somewhat .short
in numbers now, owing to the fact that
a number of the members enlisted in the
First Regiment and are now en route to
Manila, but no trouble is anticipated in
recruiting the full strength.
The "Williams Murder.
ALAMEDA, May 26.— The District At
torney of this county has set the pre
liminary examination of Mr. and Mrs.
W M Oregorv, on a charge of murder
ing H. W. Wflliams, for Tuesday after
noon next, before Justice Morris of this
city.
Deputy Coroner Fowler will hold the
remains of Williams until Saturday, and
then, if nothing is heard from any of his
relatives, the county will bury the body.
Red Cross League.
ALAMEDA. May 26.— The ladies of the
Red Cross League opened headquarters
to-day in a vacant store on Park street,
the use of which was donated by F.
Boehmer, the owner of the property. They
will at once enter actively upon the work
of providing comforts for the boys in blue
who are going to fight for their coun
try.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, May 26.— Next Monday vie
Alameda Tennis Club will hold an invi
tation gentlemen's double tournament at
its court on Morton street.
A meeting of the teachers and parents of
the Encinal School will be held to-morrow
afternoon, at which there will be a dis
cussion upon the subject of the intro
duction or sewing classes in the public
schools.
The personal property of ex-Sheriff Kay
of Tulare County will be sold in this city
next week. Included in the list Is the
rifle with which he fought Evans and
Sontag.
Frank C. Howe and Mlsa Clara L.
Fisher were married last evening at me
residence of the bride's parents, 1812 En
cinal avenue, Rev. Q.. C. Adams of fcian
Francisco officiating. The couple will go
to Yosemite on a camping trip for their
bridal tour.
MOSS MAY
SOON BE FREE
Judge Greene's Decision
Is Rendered.
DECIDES FOR THE ESTATE.
THE TRUSTEE IS VOLUNTARILY
A PRISONER.
His Friends Must Now Step In
in Order That He May Be
Saved From Further
Trouble.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 26.
Judge Greene rendered a decision this
afternoon that will probably cause J. W.
M isa 1 voluntary stay at the City Prison
to terminate.
Several months ago Mr. Moss, who was
once a wealthy real estate. dealer of this
city, went to Honolulu for the purpose of
avoiding a settlement In the estate of
Hannah C. Paine, deceased, of which he
was the executor.
On his return Mr. Moss gave himself
up, acknowledged his shortage and was
accommodated at the City Prison, daily
expecting that some charge or other
would be placed against him. This has
not been done, and for over six months
the old gentleman has had the freedom of
the dungeon. No charge has been made
aguin.st him, but, apparently having no
other place to so, he has voluntarily re
mained a prisoner.
After his return a suit was brought by
Public Administrator Knight against the
Central Bank for the recovery of $1027,
which it is alleged was applied by said
bank to the wrongful liquidation of Moss
personal overdraft. It was also alleged
that the defendant bank was aware that
the money so deposited was drawn from
! the Union Savings Bank on behalf of the
! estate of Hannah C. Paine and that the
' Central Bank knew it was money belong-
I Ing to the estate.
The defendant denied any knowledge or
i the ownership of the money, and the case
I was tried some weeks ago and left with
the court, so that the defendant's attor
neys might file further authorities in con
tention of their claim of exemption
from liability. This morning Judge
Greene rendered his decision, giving judg
ment in favor of the Public Administra-
I tor, who will thereby recover the sum
i sired for and interest, which is about half
j of the money for which J. W. Moss has
j to account.  ...
He has been remaining in jail waiting
for a settlement to be reached, and as he
has many wealthy friends it is likely that
! the matter will soon bt- settled so that
Moss* freedom will not be in danger.
Read "How to Make a Fortune,"
by twelve millionaires, in next Sun
day's Call.
Convent Girls Graduate.
OAKLAND, May 26.— Archbishop Rior
dan will bestow the diplomas upon the
graduates of the convent of Our Lady or
the Sacred Heart in this city to-morrow.
This evening the graduating class deliv
ered their essays and received their pre
miums. The essays and their writers are:
"Mosaics " Miss Victoria Downey, San
Francisco; "Leo XIII," Miss Margaret I.
Ennis, Gold Hill, Nev.; "Present Day
Progress," Miss Emma C. Fennessey.
Oakland: "The Ideal in Art and Fiction,"
Miss Lillian A. Parker. Salinas. Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cold Cure cures colds in the head, colds on the
lungs, old colds, new colds and obstinate colds, and
»11 forms of grip. Stops sneezing, discharges from
tie nose ana eyes, prevents catarrh, diphtheria,
pneumonia, and all throat and lung troubles. These
p!oc 5 littlo pellets are absolutely harmless, have
saved thousands of lives and prevented, much sick-
ness. The Munyon Remedy Company prepare &
separate cure for each di3case. At all druggists—
25 cents a vial If you need medical advice write
Prof. Munyon, 1805 Arch. Street, Philadelphia. It is
absolutely* free. |j . . /> .
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KKARNTKT. Established
in 1954 for the treatment of Private.
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease w earing on body and mind and
skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. -Charges low.
A («if«euar»ul<-»d. Call orwrlte.
Pr. J. t\ «itß.W.\. Box 1957. Francisco.
OCEAN TXAV£L.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEEXSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British flags.
Kensington June 8 Noortland June 15
Berlin June 11 Frlesland June 22
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian flag.
Wa%sland June 4. Rhynland. Juno 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans-Atlantic
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
5 "q Ohio S5OO tons, from Seattle. June 16.
r' s' Indiana. 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 22.
6 B. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle,
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
Intermediate poinU.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
BLUE STAR LINE
To St. Michael. Dawson City and Inter-
mediate River Points.
New steamship "Charles Nelson" will be dis-
patched June 2, connecting with company's
own Yukon River fleet, consisting of four largo
modern equipped steamers, built by Moran
Bros, of Seattle, and now en route for St.
M SPEriAL ATTENTION called to the fact
that coal will be used exclusively on river
boats insuring most rapid passage possible,
Company's responsibility guarantees con-
tracts For passage and freight apply to BLUE
STAR LINE. 18 California st.. or its agencies.
References. CAPTAIN CHARLES NELSON.
( California st. Telephone Drum 22.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60;
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50; Furressia, $37 60;
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome. $25 50; Furnessta,
$24 50; other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents 7
ttowlinu Green, Nev York: or J. *T FTTGAZL
6 Montgomery 'St.; or L. F COCKROFT 1U
Montgomery St.: or R. R. RITCHIE. 1 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VAU.EJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Men., Tues., Wed., Thur». and Sat
9:46 a. m., 3:15 n. m. (s:3O p. m ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Bunday» 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier J.
Telephone, Red 2241.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"gold pick linT
JOHNSON - LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
IW Market Street, Sag Francisco,
f SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND K9TZE-
BUE SOUND,
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers!
MAY :25th —
JOR DUTCH HARBOR. NUNIVAK ISLAND.
• HOOPERS BAY, ST. MICHAEL ANT
DAWSON CITY.
THE STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK.
/WAY 28th-
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HAH.
I BOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND. HOOPERS
BAY. ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
. SON CITY.
The Newly-built Trlpls Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR,
Connecting at th? mouti of. the Putnam
River with the river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
•which will transfer passenger** up th» Putnam
River about the vicinity of Port Cotsmoa.
JUNE Ist—
FOR ST. MICHAEL. DAWSON CITT AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
Th« Magnificent Steamer
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight.
The above steamers are the finest of thelf
class; eveTy comfort given to passengers: best
table set of any line running to Alaska. If
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line.
For Information address *
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANT.
409 Market at,, tea Fnuiciicc.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\~^ Steamers leave Broadway
WKh wharf, San Francisco.
: lss*jSSt* For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I &fejr!j)»!th Ma > l - 6 - "• 16 - 21 - 26 - 31 - Jun *
' *9LiiX!\B& o. transfer at Seattle.
ftSKSK^aI For Alaskan ports (from
i jHfisC«SFfP Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
1 r 9i *&Mk*A Hay IS, June C. 26. July 17.
•»' August 4. 25. transfer at Port-
For Vlcto-la. Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end? rßeata;.r Beata;. Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte, and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m . May I^B.
' C For ■ Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
May 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. June 1. and every «lxti»
d8 F y or th e nta er Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
SEEK- £& Karl ««
a Ea m. SS anaM n ay Pc i dr 6 °. X »»
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter. „„.
fofd^da^ KVSI-lan^ ?o^
and every fourth day thereafter. -:
For Ensenada, Kagdalena Bay, • San Jos»dal
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Q May l*.
June 10. and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamed, sailing dates
and hours of sailing:.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. AgrtS..
10 Market St.. San FrancUco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
W. For SEATTLE
||||i And TACOMA Direct.
i r^^!i|||ra The New, Fast and Elegant
Steamship
SENfITOR,
Carrying Freight and Passengers.
Will Leave Broadway Wharf San Francisco,
SA- URDAT, MAY 28. at 10 A. M.
Ticket Office. 4 Ncr Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Gen. Apts..
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DIHPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Foltom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAOC $12 First Class Including Bert*
iHrIL $S Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon May 6. 16, 24
Columbia May 9. 18. 17
State of California May 12, 21, 30
Pt. Paul $16 00' St. Louis J32 00
Kansas City 26 00 ! Chicago T! 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 31 00
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS tk CO..
Superintendents.
fHIMSBBSadI Sailing of June Ist
rS&flaSllC' or Honolulu canceled.
fi™_^__r The S. S. MOANA
7a_^*^l*^\ sails via Honolulu and
Sfp2mCh|n_) Auckland for Sydney
Q/.UCIIUIIIp Wednesday, June 15,
(Qino(ilu_~ at 2p - m -
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*.
■■•• - 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— 327 Market at. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Lin* to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North •>*_»_
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <J[LfS3CTS
by this line avoid both transit —■*»«=»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Parts, first-class, J160;
second-class. $116. -.
LA BOURGOGNE ..June. 4, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE..... .....June 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE.. June 18, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGXE .-....,. June 25, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE '. July 2,10 a.m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANS ATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, '
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. •
BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
|=Sig=igf CALIFORNIA
iK^P^j LIMTED.
SAN FRANCISCO
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
" ANY LINE,
Loa v* San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
' Pullman ■ Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, C',i
days to Chicago, 4% day* to New York. r
Trains arrive and depart from Market->tr««t
Ferry. San r Francisco ticket of flee. " 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1529.
Oakland office,- 1118 ■• Broadway. Sacramento
nee. 201 J street. . San Jose, 7 ■ West Santa
Clara street. ■ .•--.■:
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1898.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, 'SiOO.
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
P. in.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael—^OO. »9:00,
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00, *1:45, »2:30,
5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Oazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.) — Tomales and
way stations.
8:30 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way station*.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
OF
BANKRUPT STOCK.
THE ST. LOUIS. JEWELRY COMPANY'S
entire stock of $80,000 worth of DIAMONDS.
WATCHES. JEWELRY. CUT. GLASS. STER-
LING SILVER NOVELTIES, ART GOODS.
ETC., will be sold regardless of cost at 1038
Market st. Sale opens FRIDAY at 2 p. m.
H. L. REED, Auctioneer.
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), AT 11 A. M.
443 GOLDEN GATE AYE.. COR. POLK ST.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOI Till. *-a«'IFI«: COHPAKT.
(PACirn- »T«m»l. I
rrnlm. Irnvr nn<l »■-<■ «lu«* In nrrlf* m*
NAN »KAX»:iSt:«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
i.i.tw' - ' (■';;.. m April 28. 1838. — AKBIT»
*«:»Oa Jfflm. San Jose aid Way Stations... »S:4sa
7:0»a Keiiida, guisuu and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:UOa M.iryavilie. Orofilleand U«Uiug »la
W«jo.tlKud 5:43?
~-AH>\ V»caviiie aad Ruusey 8:43p
7:30 a Martinez, Shu ltainon, Vallejo. Xapa,
i'ali'ti.>£iiamlSaura ICosa <lil3p
8:OOa Atlaiiti<- Kxpress, tifi.-ii and I :*»».. Bx4 3 p
i»x»»ANileß. San - Jose. 4 . Stockton, lone.
Saci-umcnto, M»ry"tll<*. Chico,
Tcliuma and ß»l RliiC 4«ISp
•j»:80a Paters, Milton, (Jainestctm
•.; for Yoseraite) •7ilsp ■
9iOUa New Orleans i:»i>reES. Meroed, l f res-
nii, lla>wnltalil ] SiinU lUrliara.
.. .* V • Ji«» Aiikolos, Dwilng, El l'aao,
New Oilwiiw and Ibat •«4.'»p
1O:OOa Vail. ilkrtinaz and Way Station* 7:43p
•i-.OOr Saotameiitc Hirer i::.-ifi *O:«Or
IxOOp Nllem >hii Jose and Way Stations.. ••:43a
....... San Jose, Nile* aud Way Stations... Jo:l3a
2:O«»p Liverir.ore, Mendota, Hantoril and
Visalia 4ilBp
, IJvermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations JlOilsa
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallfjo.. 12:15r
4iO(lr Martinez, Han ltainon, Vnllejn.
Nus'H, t'allstoga, Ml Verauo and
SiinU Koaa »ilß*
. 4xo Beuicia. Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing. MsrysTille, Oro- '
Tlllo and HacrHiiiento 10:43*
4:80p Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7: 1 3 p
4:aop Stockton, Oakdale, Merced 12:131'
4:SOp Custle and Lodl 111:13 V
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yoeemite), Fresno,
Mrjave, Santa Barbara and J,oa
Aiijjelcs 7i43*
4iSOp Santa I- Route, Atlantic Expresa
for Mojave and Kask «t45»
6xOOp Koroneati Mail, (>g<ltin and Kast.... 0:43*
•6:UO|> Vallejo .'... I 2:13»
6:<M)i- tlnyirnrdii, Ntlnxnd San .Tone 7t43«
|7:00p VaUejo, Port Coit» and Way Sta-
tions J»:431
8:O*P Oregon Hacianiento. Maryt-
vllle. Hedilfnß, Portland, I'ligek
Sound and Kuat SIIB4
San LtUHOIo AMI iiav\v\i;iis LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) __
1 n ! f 7:13*
8:O«a MelroKe, Sunliiary Park, '!9:1! 9: 13 A
,S.«St FII^.r,,KI-k.nl, WAll
iIl:»OA San I^aiiitru. South Sam 12:43r
»**•* n(lr0 , atadlllo, $£?t? t
ii»V6«p • Lorenzo, Cherry • 'i : i yp
4:OOp t9t4r,r
S:OOp •■ a 6:IBf
Bi3op Howards. J*«*
7:»0p 814.%F
«=»•>«• i uns through to NHea, .S'iS*
rti! :O0^ iftwalf ""- ttl^t
COAST DIVISION (Narrow daoge).
(Foot of Market Street. > ''
. 17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crui
«ud Principal Way Stations !•»••»
S:l3a Newark. CenterTllle.San Jose,Felton, vl ; -
Boulder Creek. Cruz and Way
Stations , »•«•»
•2:15* Newark Cecterrille, San Jose. New
Almadeii, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way • • ■
Stations »10x8wA
4:1 3 p San Jose. Glen wood * War Stations 9>SOa
04:!3r Boulder Creek and Santa Croz J<H»«A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ftesnSlK mKCISCQ— Foot or Htrktt Street (Sli» 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 13:00 :
•1:00 tB:0O •6:00 P.M.: ;
fr»KollUsß— r«»t»rßr«i4w»y.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*.*.
t12:03 *l:00 t3:00 «3:00 tl:QO •B:o3rjt.
COAST IMYISION (Broad (iauge). '
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
•7iOOa Ban .lost) ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) liSOr
I7ill»A Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose.
Saat& Cruz, Pucirio Gro»e ana
- Principal Way Stations {•:*£»
»iOOa Khii ,lf>3o. Tim I'iuiia, .Santa Cruz,
',: ■ - pHciiic Grore I'aso ltnbles. San
. . ■ Luis ol. if (hi. Gaadalupa. Surf and
rrincii>al Way StasiißiM -i:l»r
10:10* Sun .lose and Way .Stations.. •8:O«A
llt8»A San Jose and Way .Stations •SiSSa
•2:43 r San Mateo. Redwood,' Palo Alto,
Santa Clara. San Jose. Uilroy,
Hollioter, > Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and l'acllio Grove *lO:S3a
•H:«i»p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5... ....... *9:OOa
M:l3|- San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•s:»>Op9an Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
s>:t<U> ?mi Jose and Principal Way Stations S:3Op
«::i«i- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30r
»11:45p San Jogs and Way Stations 7:30f
A for Moniiuf. 'V for Afternoon.
• Sundays exceptrd. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
tt Monday. Tunrsday and Saturday nights only.
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:«,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra . trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10. a. m. ; 1:40. 3:10.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. .''■-.
Leave I ■ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect ' San Francisco.
_ April 23, ■
Week | Sun- 1838. Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
~7:30 am!~B:oQ am Novato. 110:40 am| B:4o am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, j 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa. ■ | 7:3s pm| 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, «_ 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
• ■ • : Geyserville,
2:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, _ 7:35 pm 6:22
"7 :30 am ~~ . Hopland and I 110:25 am"
-8:30 pm 8:00 am | Ukiah. I 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
7:30 ami" ' " " • 110:26 am
! 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm I 6:22 P«>
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami B:4oam
and
6:10 pm' 5:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:10 pm! 6:22 pm
~7-3OamT B:OOa7rT| Sebastopol. 10:40 am. 10:25 am
3:3") pm 6:00 pm| I 7:35 pml 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs-, at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Keiseyville. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and .Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley., John Days. River-
side •Llerley'B. Bucknelfs. Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville, Booneville, Orr"s Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday .to ■ Monday round trip tickets at
reduced . rates. • „
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER, R- X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1597, trains will run as
follows:
South-bound, j North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed j Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. Excpfd tlons. Exc'pfdl Daily.
7-->0 aml 9:00 a m Stockton 3:45 pm' 5:40 p m
9:10 a mi 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am| 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 am' 2:20 p m
11 40 am' 5:20 p m Hanford 9:45 ami 1:15 p m
12:15 pml 6:45 p m Visalia 6:40 a mi 12:40 p m
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C N. & I- Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings, Coulterville, Yo-
semlte, etc.: also with stage for HonUtoa,
Mariposa, etc.; at Lankershlm with stage to
and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Bausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May L
189S:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B :oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
Monday, May 80, 1898 — Trains run on Sunday
1 time.
Round trip from Mill Valley, H.
THOS. COOK * SON, Agents, SSI Market
I street, San Francisco.
910
MRS. LEASE
A REFORMER
American Institutions
That Are Wrong.
•NOT AS SHE IS PICTURED
SHE IS WELCOMED BY A SMALL
AUDIENCE.
The Lecturer Predicts the Decline of
the Monroe Doctrine and the
Spread of American
Territory.
"The stupid, blundering public pay j
allegiance to the man with blisters
on his character, while it sneers at i
the man with blisters on his hands."
A quieter, more dignified lecture than !
Mrs. Mary Ellen Lease delivered "last I
night at the Baldwin, San Francisco, has i
never been heard.
Mrs. Lease, like all modern celebrities,
is a flat denial of the caricature of her
self the newspapers have made is familiar !
with. She fa tall, matronly, in a slender i
way, self-possessed, and rather graceful I
in her long-trained black gown. Her I
voice is full and deep, her manner is
quiet, she uses gestures sparingly, she.
speaks slowly, and the only manifesta-
MRS, MARY E. LEASE.
tlon of her political training 1b in the ris
ing intonation at the end of a period,
peculiar to campaign orators.
When the Kansas celebrity appeared
upon the stage, she invited the small au
dience to occupy the seats closer to the
Mage.
"Sorry there aren't more of us here to
hear you, Mrs. Lease," said a pleasant
voice.
"I'm sure of the quality of my audi
ence," she answered good-humoredly,
"however it may lack In quantity."
"The Signs of the Times' was the sub
ject upon which Mrs. Lease spoke for a
little more than an hour, seriously,
thoughtfully and at times elOQUenuy.
She quoted Spencer about America's
having more of the forms of liberty and
less of Its substance than any other land
underneath the sun. She spoke with dis
dain of the Now World's aping Old World
fashions and adoring Old World distinc- i
ticns when even Europe Is beginning to i
throw off the "embroidered rags of nobil
ity." She declared that the poor human
caterpillars on the worlds cabbage are
multiplying too fast for the cabbage it
self, that there is scarcely a. man in pub
lic life who has not preferred to serve the
syndicates than to work for the people,
that the corporations "which would once
have been satisfied with the bone, have
seized the dish and now devour the mut
ton; while the stupid, blundering public
pay allegiance to the man with blisters on
his character while It sneers at the man
v.Hh blisters on his bands."
Despite the gloomy picture the speaker
had drawn, she declared her reading of
the signs of the times to be that we stand
at the beginning of an evolutionary age,
of an era of conquest. She referred sar
castically to England's unseltLslin<-.ss in
proposing an American alliance, but she
favored it in view of a probable alliance
of the Latin races and in the hope of
checking Russia, for, with Napoleon, she
believes-: that "the menace to civilization,
the menace of all Europe, is the Cossack
of Russia."
"Hut the world." said the Populist ora
tor, "has been unified by electric nerves.
Just as in the physical organisms, with a
complexity of function, tht; nerve cells of
touch develop into those of si^ht, so m
the social organism our developing civili
zation shall bring about an awakened
soul sight. A new philanthropy is stir
ling the world. The United Slates, which
has dwelt 120 years in the old shell of im
maturity, has ;i future in which Wash
ington's farewell address has no place
"\\ c have outgrown the old skeleton of
the Monroe doctrine. In freeing Cuba we
pay the good old price of human blood
lor human liberty. Let not that blood be
ehed in vain. Retain the Philippines, Ha
waii, Cuba and let the American Bag
wave over Madrid it-
The audience had applauded vigorously
when Mrs. Lease declared that no woman
should dare to "waste her heart and her
affections on a poodle while children were
homeless and starving." It had received
her belief in one code of morals for men
and women. Hut it stirred uneasily at
her repudiation of our old policy and the
wide scope of her hop- s for our future.
"An ardent reformer? Yes," said a man
to his companion as they walked out of
the Baldwin; "so ardent a.s to be vision-
ary."
Visionary, and Mary Ellen Lease, the
practical politician, the enemy of ex-Sen
ator IncrallH. the advanced woman of the
humorous weeklies, which have elected
her to the chair of ridicule formerly oc
cupied by Susan B. Anthony! She doesn't
look like a visionary woman, and except
■for her peroration, which was more of a
picturespue prophecy than a belief con
fidently entertained, she doesn't talk like
one. The political experience whK-h has
made her name so wc-11 known, If that ex
perience has been really felt, must make
difficult her expressed belief In the coming
millennium, when the world "shall have
free access to the land, the heritage ,of
all; when men shall be spiritual, not ani
mal; when none shall want for work and
food'; when genius shall soar in peace and
content crown labor's brow."
Highton on the Stand.
Henry E. Hlghton, who is at present
occupying the session hours of Judge
Hunt's court In an endeavor to get judg
ment against E. J. Baldwin for $12,110, al
leged to be due as attorney fees, was
cross-examined at length yesterday. The
attorney accentuated his statements of
the day before regarding the vast amount
of labor Involved in the presentation of
the Baldwin side of the case instigated
against him by Lillian Ashley, and of the
Important legal matters he had attended
to for the aged millionaire. In all proba
bility Highfn will conclude his testimony
this morning, and Baldwin will explain
thf* defense he has set up— that Highton
simply labored to balance an unpaid
board bill at the Baldwin Hotel.
EAGER FOH THE FRAY.
Regiments at Camp Richmon
Anxious for Service at
Manila.
Major Moore and Adjutant General
Berry of General Otis' staff visited Camp
Richmond yesterday afternoon and made
tin informal tour of inspection. They
were accompanied by George H. Rich
ardson, who hap Just been appointed act
ing assistant surgeon, and detailed for
examining duty to Major Robe's com
mand, the Fourteenth Infantry. His ap
pointment is the result of a request from
Major Robe.
Lieutenant Hunt, the recruiting officer,
reports that he is receiving applications
for enlistment in the Fourteenth faster
than be can have them examined. This
work has been done by the surgeon at the
Presidio, who has been rushed with work.
The work of enlisting the men will now
proceed more rapidly, and Major Robo
hopes to have all the recruits that he may
need Inside of a week. Captain Richard
son is ii surgeon of wide experience, hav
ing seen much service in India.
It was expected that General Otis would
establish his headquarters in the camp
yesterday and begin the brigade organi
zation, but he did not come out. His
tents will be erected this morning, and he
is expected to assume command of the
camp to-day.
Captain Mallory of the general's staff
was in camp yesterday and Inspected sev
eral of the regiments.
The question of what commands will
constitute the next expeditionary forre
to Manila is one that is causing much
speculation among the officers of the var
ious regiments. While as yet no official
orders baye been issued, it is the general
impression that the Seventh California
and First Colorado will be two of the
regiments chosen. Colonel Pope and
Colonel Llppincott Inspected the latter
regiment yesterday, and they also had a
conference with Colonel Hale. This is a
very significant fact, and it Is regarded
by the Colorado officers as a good omen
of their hopes.
There is some talk of the Fourteenth
being kept here for instruction purposes
for the volunteers, but it is not believed
that there is anything in the report.
The Christian Endeavor Society is
erecting reading and writing tents in the
various camps, which is a great conven
lence to the men.
One of the most notable commanders in
Camp Richmond Is Colonel J. w. Jones
commanding the Idaho troops. He saw
service through the late war as Captain
of one of the companies In the Fifty-sixth
Virginia Regiment, which was in Riek
etts' famous brigade. Colonel Jones
served with conspicuous gallantry, and at
Gettysburg he was one of the survivors
of the fatal charge up Cemetery Ridge.
In this charge he was within a few feet
of the heroic Garnett when that officer
was killed.
Colonel Bratt of the First Nebraska is
a.n officer of experience. His regiment
saw service in the Pine Ridge campaign,
and alpo distinguished itself in the
Omaha strike of 18S2. The regiment re
. eived its first pay yesterdaj-. Colonel
Bratt acted as paymaster. The compen
sation was from April 27, the time the
regiment was ordered out, until May 4,
inclusive, when it was mustered into
service. The cost of the services for which
were paid is borne by the State, as
they were acting in the capacity of the
National Guard, ordered out by the Gov
i-riiiir. As soon as they were mustered in
they were no longer at the State's ex
pense. Several cases of measles devel
oped in the regiment yesterday, but they
were at once quarantined, and Colonel
Bratt does not fear an epidemic.
The Kansas boys are the worst off In
the way of equipments, and many are
in" need of shoes and clothing. It is
expected that this regiment will receive
the first attention from the t quarter
master.
The Tenth Pennsylvania has caught the
crowd. Strict discipline Is the rule, and
the camp is excellently polished. The of
ficers have their own horses, which they
brought with them from the East.
The crowds continue to grow with each
day, and the lady visitors practically
keep the soldiers supplied with bon-bons
! and pies.
YOUNG PATRIOTS.
The Crocker Grammar Pupils
Comfort the Encamp
ment Troops.
The 600 pupils of the Crocker Grammar
, School showed their patriotism and good
! will for the soldiers at the Bay District
; track in a most pleasing way yesterday.
From their homes in the Western Addl
i tlon they came, laden with luxuries, to the
■ohool. There were boxes of fruit, glasses
I of jelly, great heaping stacks of cakes and
pies, besides other and various delicacies.
What could not be packed into the great
express wagon was carried by the en
thusiastic boys and girls in their arms,
and thus loaded to their limit they
marched from school to camp.
The good things were given mostly to
the brave boys from Idaho. It was a day
long to be remembered by the children.
Head Bret Harte's great story, Sal
omy Jane's Kiss, in next Sunday's
CalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 1398.
BULLETIN
MAN BROUGHT
TO HIS KNEES
Rash Attack Upon the
Union Iron Works.
PENITENT, BUT TOO LATE
WOEKMEN EXPBESS THEIR AN
GER IN REBUKING HIM.
The Management Approves of Their
Course and the Editor Tries
Vainly to Excuse the
Stupidity.
A few days ago the Bulletin contained
an attack upon one of the ships made by
the Union Iron Works of this city. The
attack was so uncalled for and the allega
tions it set forth so entirely baseless as
to make people wonder why they had
been made. They are still wondering, and
the Bulletin is exercising every means to
atone for its stupidity.
But while the attack excited wonder
from the public, it caused indignation at
the Iron AVorks, and the employes, who
naturally felt that they had been insulted,
were swift to voice their sentiments of
disregard for their traducer. During the
noon hour of the day following the publi
cation there was a mass-meeting held by
the men. Edward T. Morris was elected
president, and speeches were made by
Messrs. Howard and Todd, in which the
Bulletin was excoriated for its assault on
the workmanship and design of the
Many facts were brought out at this
meeting:, some so familiar that even the
Bulletin might have been expected to
have knowledge of them. The designs
were purchased from Messrs. Armstrong
&. Co. of England, and were the same de
signs used in building two of Japan's beat
warships. The Charleston was built to
develop eighteen knots, and on her trial
trip made the official record of eighteen
and two-tenth knots for four hours, ful
filling the very severe Government test.
Since she has been in commission the
Charleston has made several notable
runs, among them t..e chase of the ltata
from San Diego to Valparaiso, and the
run from San Francisco to Hawaii bear
ing the body of King Kalakaua. Ihe
latter trip was made under forced draft,
and the ship amply proved herself to be
able to maintain her stipulated speed
For a long time she had the reputation
of having made the longest-distance run
under forced draft of any Government
Bh a S"all this, and that the work
manship was second to none, the mechan
ics who built her have taken a personal
pride in her career, hence the indignation
felt by them at the article published. A
resolution condemning the action of the
Bulletin was unanimously adopted, and as
the whistle blew the men returned 10
their work, fully determined to make it
warm for any paper daring to offer fur
ther affront. The Bulletin could have pre
sented some details, but has failed to
d °'A°committee of nine, composed of
Messrs Cronln, Doyle Hightower, Jarvis,
McKenna, Telfer, Todd, Wimmer and my
self, representing the different - depart
ment's, said Edward T. Morris, "visited
Mr. Crothers, the proprietor of the Paper,
and demanded an emphatic denial of the
obnoxious article. Each one deling in
dignant that his special line had been
slandered, pointedly voiced his opinion on
the Bulletin and every one connected with
it and demanded an apology for the
slander. Mr. Crothers denied having had
any knowledge of the article until he saw
it 'in print, and said he had retracted
everything in Friday's edition.
"In that article he retracted all that had
been said against the Union Iron Works
and the mechanics engaged in the con
struction of the Charleston, but reiterated
that the plans of the ship were faulty.
The committee maintained that the plans
were not faulty; that the Charleston was
equal Inherclass to any cruiser afloat, and
that she had always given a good record of
herself. They denied as American citizens
the right of Mr. Crothers or any one else
to defame the Charleston or any other
ship flying the American Hag such critical
times as these. He was told that he was
more fit to go to Spain than to stay here
under the stars and stripes. ....
"When the committee reported back by
placing a notice on the bulletin board the
men were somewhat appeased by its
apology and retraction— still they felt
that a wrong had been done which could
never be righted. Many have stopped
their subscriptions to the paper, and the
feeling i niong them is so strong that it
is safe to say that Bulletins will not be
seen around the Union Iron Works for
some time to come, unless possibly a.a
wrapping. ' „ . , _ •
"As an Instance of how we feel I can
only tell you of an incident that occurred
at the time. Some of the little rivet boys
were heard talking after the meeting.
•Jimmy,' said one, 'I don't know what
we'se can do to boycott the Bulletin. .
"The other spoke up promptly: 'If we
i can't do anything else we will get in and
lick the newsboys who sell the sheet.' "
That the management of the works was
gratified by the prompt action of the men
is amply attested by a letter from . the
office, a' copy of which was posted on the
bulletin board, so that all might see it,
and which follows: ■-,; ;; :.-.- • ;
RAN FRANCISCO, May 21. IS9B.
Edward T. Morri6 Esq., president work
insmen'B meeting, held at the Potref-o, 12
M., May 20 — President and fellow work
men: It was with exceeding pride and
pleasure that I read the account of your
meeting held to protect the honor and dig
nity of California mechanics, and the pres
tisti- of the old I'nton Iron \Yorks.
Had I known that you contemplated the
meeting, I should have been with you in
person, as I am always in heart and spirit.
The fact that the meeting was Instanta
neous, every man feeling that he had been
insulted in "the malicious article published
In the evening paper, and was there ready
to resent it, 1b the harbinger of a better
era. That you. fellow mechanics of the
Vnlon Iron Works, who have so long stood
by your colors, realize that the place
where you earn your dally bread, and are
enabled to suppnrt your family in honor
and integrity, with a suitable wage, is
worth protecting and fightinpr for.
You have never failed In time, nor In
skill, nor In the results which the contracts
called for, nor in anything that has been
entrusted to your rare, during the thirty
eight years that It has 1 b»en my privilege
to be the general manag-er of the Union
Iron Works. Ton have fulfilled every con
tract entrusted to your execution, and we
on our part have never missed a single pay
for the Bpac<> of one moment In all that
time. Wp have improved our facilities, fol
lowing the highest sanitary laws and the
most elevated and approved conditions re
garding the welfare and comfort of you all.
During this time the works have grown
from the employment of twenty-two men
to 3200, feeding more than 10.000 mouths,
and this plant Is one o( the established,
far-reaching and most complete Industries
of the entire Pacific Coast, with a world
wide reputation, competent to plan, build
and operate battleships, cruisers and fight
ing machines; callable of protecting the
honor of our country's ila^, which your
work is now doing with credit on the Atlan
tic, on the Pacific and In the Orient, with
the eyes of the world watching it. In
stead of calling upon the Nntlonat Gov
ernment to protect us, the National Gov
ernment depends on our resources, of
which, fellow-workmen, your skill Is an
important factor, and you did right to re
sist iiny imputation or reflection on it.
I therefore thank you with all my heart
for this expression of loyalty to the
works, while at the aam> time asserting
your own dignity, protecting your man
hood and holding aloft full high the banner
of your splendid mechanical achievements,
and" henceforth I hope you will not allow
any aspersions to be cast, either by infer
ence or direct charge, upon your integrity
or the character of a California mechanic.
May you in the future achieve still higher
renown than you have in the past. May
prosperity and success be the share of each
and every one of you. freemen of this
great republic. Knowing I express the sen
tbnenta of the entire company, respectfully
yours. IRVING M. SCOTT.
Meanwhile the Charleston speeds away
toward Manila with supplies for gallunt
Dewey, whose flagship Is the Olympia,
another product of the Union Iron Works.
The Oregon, which was made ut the same
place, has lent to Atlantic squadrons a
strength of which need had been felt.
And meantime the Bulletin on its editor
ial knees begs forgiveness and makes
known that it is consumed of remorse.
But about the Union Iron Works it cii
culates no more.
SOLDIERS WILL SWIM.
Natatorial Sports at Sutro's Baths on
Sunday Afternoon.
On Sunday next there will be held a
very interesting aquatic tournament in
Sutro's Baths, to which members of the
following regiments are invited: Minnes
sota, Wyoming, Kansas and Utah.
The entries in the different events are:
Fifty-yard dash between Companies A. B, H
an.l L, Kansas; prize, silver medal — J. A.
Wakefield, S. Hyde, J. A. Buchanan. R. F.
Clark, B. Gilly, H. Smart, Company H, Second
Battalion; B. Stewart B. Bashfleld. H. Mc-
Michen, G. Rathmyer, Company B, Third Bat
talion; C. Dodge, A. Kurtz, D. V. Tozler, C.
L. Meyers, C. Cunbs Henry Dunn, Company L,
Third Battalion; T. Beag-ln. E. A. Bailey, E.
Barrett, C. E. Sharran. Company A, Third Bat
talion.
Seventy-five-yard dash between Companies F
and G, First Battalion Wyoming; prize, silver
medal— J. A. Smith, E. R. Boroker. B. Dennis,
J. Videl. R. J. White, G. Moyer, H. Rohsert,
A. W. Gray, G. E TTlggs. c - Larson. R.
Eberhart. N. Prudence, Ed Nelhamer, E. A.
Cunningham, Company F; T. McVeigh, V. R.
McGulre, G. Wtlsesk G. Brings, S. B. Trow
l>ridge. C. M. Anderson, E. B. Robertson, A.
D. Zander, D. Sullivan. T. Gere, N. R. Kola
man, W. Beyers, Company G.
100-yard dash between Batteries A and
B, Light Artillery Utah; prize, silver
medal- V. E. Martlne. J. Russell, H. N. Madi
son. G. Fisher, G. Bachman, J. W. Beemis, E.
N. Allen, B. Edwards, H. E. Sleater, A. O.
Finnigan, J. O. Nolshon, C. E. Varien, N.
Margetts, Battery^A: D. M. Anderson, F. Chat
ton, J. W. Walters, C W. Robinson, L. Fehr,
M. Quick, V. Chamberltn, H. Dusenberry. T.
D. Sweet. D. A. Dunningharn, A. Llngforth,
J. Ferguson, Battery B.
150-yard dash, between Companies B
and M, Third Battalion, and H and F,
Second Battalion, Colorado; prize, sil
ver medal— F. Tuft, B. Young, M. D. Tyler,
J. E. Ladd. O. Lachell, D. Davidson. U. Clude.
Company ii. Third Battalion; G. Corson, H. P.
Df-nnis, C. P. Marsden, Q. M. Brennick. C.
Shield*, Company M. Third Battalion, J. S.
Wagner, J. Brady, S. Hlckman, G. Humphy,
Company F, Third Battalipn; S. Sace. A.
Ilirks, E. L. Warner, A, Kattleson, L. McVey,
Company H, Second Battalion.
12u-yard hurdle between Companies E, H, C
and G. Thirteenth Battalion. Minnesota; prize,
silver medal— G. G. Gustolson, E. Campbell. J.
H. Baker, E. Carson, F. Moßuckllnd, Company
E; T. G. Nelson, W. Boueso. Otto Yankee, J.
H. Tucker, O. A. Johnson, Company H; M. J.
Leppen. W. B. Frtck, W. D. Collins. W. C.
Bruce. W B. Kimball, Company C; J. E.
Johnson, G. Lundgrun, C. Ellis, F. M. Bas
6itt, L. Berg, Company G.
A CONCERT FOR HUMANITY.
Ladies of St. Peter's Episcopal Church
Give a Successful Entertain
ment in Aid of Soldiers.
The grand concert given by the Knick
erbocker quartet at the Young Men's
Christfan Association Auditorium last
evening In aid of St. Peter's Episcopal
Church and the Red Cross League was
one of the most successful entertain
ments of the kind ever arranged for the
noble cause of assisting the boys in blue.
The little hail was more than comfort
ably filled and the programme presented
was far above the ordinary.
As every effort had been made by the
members of the church to arrange a fit
ting entertainment, much credit was due
them, the appreciation of which was more
than manifest in the box-office at
the conclusion of the programme. Many
of the volunteers from Camp Richmond
were in attendance, who one and all re
ceived a beautiful ovation by the ladies,
who treated them as their most welcome
guests. The programme for the evening
was as follows: Song. "Maiden, We Sing
to Thee," by the Knickerbocker quartet;
piano solo, "Hungarian Rhapsody," Ros
coe Warren Lucy; tenor solo, "Adieu.
Marie," Frederic L. Purdy; reading,
"Victor Galbraith," Cyrus Brownlee New
ton; soprano solo, "Ritournelle," Mrs.
Eva Tenney; "Old Kentucky Home,"
Knickerbocker quartet; violin solo. Miss
Alice M. Woods; bass solo, "Let All
Obey," L. A. Larsen; reading. "The Bar
on's" Last Banquet," Cyrus Brownlee
Newton; Brown mandolin and guitar trio,
Messrs. Brown; soprano solo, "Oh, Lov
ing Heart," Mrs. Eva Tenney: "In the
Gloaming," Knickerbocker quartet.
Life of the Rough Biders in camp
in Tampa, Stta., described in next
Sunday's Call.
MEMORIAL DAY CELEBRATION.
How the Grand Army Po«3t-i Will
ItemeciV.er the Dead Comrades.
The Memorial day committee has about
finished its labors, and from the pro
gramme prepared the celebration prom
ises to outclass any held in some yeara.
General Merriam has promised to order
out all the troops under his command,
and the Xaval Reserve, the Veteran
Guard, Deutscher Krieger Vereln, the
Kampf Genossen and many other veteran
societies have promised to trun out.
The column will form near the PaJace
Hotel on Monday morning at 9:30 o'clock
and will move promptly at 10, passing up
Market street to Golden Gate avenue to
Van Xess. The column will then be dis
missed and the participants will proceed
to Odd Fellows" Cemetery in street cars,
where the column will be re-formed and
march to the Grand Army plat, where
the following exercises will be held:
Prayer by the Rev. J. H. Macomber,
United States army; "American Hymn,"
Union Choral Society; address, A. B.
Leavltt, president of the day; Lincoln's
Gettysburg address, Mrs. Mary Paxolinl;
memorial ode, Union Quartet; "A Pledge
to the Dead.' Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn;
oration, Rabbi M. S. Levy; dirge, Veteran
Firemen's Band; strewing the graves
with flowers; parting salute. Lincoln ..r
ing party, "America," Choral Society;
benediction. Rev. J. H. Macomber; taps.
Sunday morning General Casa Post will
decorate the graves of comrades In Holy
Cross, Cypress Lawn and Home of Peace
Cemeteries and In the evening special
services will be held in Trinity Presby
terian Church.
■ ♦ ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A J Burton. Cal W F Jordan, Stanford
F Searls. Nevada City Miss Jordan. Stanford
E B Babbitt. Cal Miss Phillips, Stanford
Mrs E H Babbitt, Cal H H Tebault, N V
II P Ilanly, Idaho Mrs J C Hawley, Or
G E Goodman, Napa B Foster, Or
Mrs G X Goodman. Cal A W Rlter. N V
F W Brown, Oakland L Fink. N V
A Winter. NY HA Troyte. England
L Fink. N V J Rief. Shanghai
II A Troyte, England F Ballou Jr. Colo
J Rief, Shanghai Mrs W W Braden.Cal
A G Came, Chicago Mtss L M Braden. Cal
Mrs A G Came, Chgo F L Ripley, Boston
A Appelbaum, Ky Helen Howes, Seattle
Mrs M M Underwood, W C Berntln, Cal
Mass Miss Berntln, cal
May E Lease, N V Miss F Berntln, Cal
G II Bowman, Ohio W H Douglass, Cal
A C Cleveland. Nev J E Story, Belmont
G S Nixon, Nev P EWalker. Cal
W E Griffin, Reno S F Read & f, China
T J Field, Cal G W Wurts & w. Pa
Mrs T J Field, Cal C L Blokmire & w.Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
Dt Jackson, Yuba City I H Eaton, Los Angeles
J B Portwood&w. Cal Mrs S E Tubbs, Ontario
T H Dugan, L Ang Miss J Tubbs, Ontario
A N Ernmons, US N W P Thomas. Uklah
J B Patterson, SS Sentr Mrs Gaswell. N V
W H Nichols, Courtlnd A Farbfas. San Jose
J G Nelson, Minn E F Fortune. Cal
G Malnhart, Grass Val Miss O'Brien, Marysvl
G A McElfresh. L Ang D H Blin. Sacto
F Ruhiettler, Sacto Mrs C C Lyons, Sacto
H L Seymoure, Sacto IM Lowenthal, Pa
J D Devendorf, 8 Jose W T Falliner. S Jose
Mrs Moolley, Woodlnd E R Ellis Roas Station
B A Plant. Santa Cruz W Roy. Cal
W CStanley, Yuba C G F niter. Denver
Mrs Donovan, Holllster B F Hartley, Giant M
W Turney, Vallejo H E Baber, Stockton
J P Smith & w. Stanfd R Meyers. Stockton
D B Spooner, Stanford H Klauber, Stanford
G H 15 W right, Stanfd C II Horst. Stanford
C R Craig. lowa E Spencer. Utah
C H Coffin. lowa E I> E<lwnr.ls. Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs F W Tyler. Sacto: Miss M Snyder, Stktn
E A Peterson, Cal I G Townsend, Sonora
F Kelly, Omaha M J Felix. Madera
P C Rfdmond, Cal C Montague, Tulare
J Baley, Wyo P C Oliver, Benicla
M Chrt'stenson, Cal J McMahon, Utah
J Moran. Sulsun M F Dunocombe. Or
H P James, Fresno Mrs C Reynold*. Wash
R Chambers. N V F Ryan. Portland
C E Braithwart & w, ij Peters, Los Gatoa
Stockton
BALDWIN HOTEL.
B Parker. Livermoro F Baggerly, Chicago
J Hamhrlck. St Louis C C Chc-ny. Ohio
E N Wlnbolt. NY A B Noyes, Seattle
J T Sullivan B Lomond F Rlsser. N V
J Dugaa. Newark J H N< well. Wis
G H Monroe, Pueblo G Goldsmith. L Ang
E P Benir, Columbia W F Barnes, Sacto
M E Harris, Oakland N E Thompson, Boston
W A Carleton, Minn E C Coyle. Manila
A H Larr, Minn IH W Chase, Mass
A Gleason, Pasadena |J C Klrke. Phila
Wills Filed for Probate.
The will of "William Miller was filed for
probate yesterday. An estate valued at
$20,000 Is bequeathed to the widow of the
testator and her three sons. Mrs. Brid
get S. Mofflfs will was filed. The estate
of the deceased, which is worth about
$"■OOO, is bequeathed her son, William Mar
tin. The will of Mrs. Julia R. Garniss
was filed. It was drawn September 8,
1866, and leaves property value* at $10,030
to J. R. Garniss, husband of the deceased.
What pensions may our soldiers
expect in the present warP Bead
next Sunday's Call and find out.
■ » ■
LATE SHIPPING • INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 26— Stmr Sequoia
and stmr Point Arena, for San Francisco. Ar
rived—Stmr Westport, hence May 24.
ALBlON— Arrived May 26— Stmr Cleono, hence
May 25.
CASPAR— SaiIed May 26— Stmr Jewel, for San
Pedro.
I' SAL— Arrived May 26— Stmr Newsboy and
schr Neptune, hence May 25.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 26— Stmr Indiana,
from Philadelphia.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 26.
Tug Wizard, Thompson, 86 hours from Seat
tle; ballast to Shipowners' and Merchants' Tug
boat Company.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock..
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. * a
T., Masonic Templo, Post and Mont- jfji
gomery sts.— Uogular assembly THIS If
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. SB*
Order of Rrd Cross. All fraters are cour-
teously Invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA HUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. I— Regular meeting; THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING, May 27, at S o'clock. A
Fourth degree. *gj\
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. «sti?
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. & A. M.. a
121 Eddy St.— Meets THIS EVENING, ,_/%_
at 7:30 o'clock. D. * l -•■•: .:■.--.. ..- lIJK
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /▼>
FORTY-FIFTH District Republican Club will
meet at Shew's Gallery. 523 Kearny St.. THIS
(FRIDAY) EVENING, to elect delegates to
the convention of Republican clubs. All Re-
publican voters of the district are requested
to attend.
THIRTY-SECOND grand annual v C? N^,
(fathering and games of the Cal- 3k, Cm\lj
edonian Club of San Francisco, tJ»vXj&-
SATURDAY. May 23. at Shell *fc=ss*
Mound Park, Berkeley. The best athletes on
the coast will compete In the different events
for which valuable prizes will be awarded.
The Sacramento and Stockton Caledonian
clubs will be present in a body. Dancing In
the pavilion and numerous other attractions.
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS L. DEAN. PIT Market; parlors 11 and 12.
Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS WILLIAMS. 101V4 Grant aye.. cor. GearyT
room 15: vapor and cabinet baths.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
1.1V4 Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary st., room 11.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch offlc« of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co.. 343 Third st. and 2808 24th.
MISS VIOLA BUR WELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 111S Market St., rm. 8.
MISS MAY'S genuine electric treatment for
rheumatism. 109 Grant aye., room 4.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 81 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company wi.» bf> payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St.. en and after
Wednesday, June 1, 1593. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 26, 1898, at 3
o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
situations \v vv \ Ti;n— ki: mam:.
YOT'NG, neat Swedish sisters, cook and sec-
ond girl, 2 years city references, want places
together; city or country. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. Phone Grant 185.
COMPETENT second girl, best of references,
also Swedish cook, desire situations. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion or as nurse; best of references. MISS
C'I'LEX, 325 Sutter St.
COMPETi NT young woman wishes to secure
a permanent situation to care for children;
will assist with studies; can do upstairs
work; will travel or go short distance In
country; references. Please call or address
Advertiser, 701 Stockton at., corner California.
POSITION wanted as restaurant cashier or
saleslady by a young lady of good ap
pearance, with some knowledge of book-
keeping; can furnish recommendations. Ad-
drcsH H. D. E.. box 4527. this office.
WANTED— By refined middle-aged woman,
position to assist In small family or care of
children; a good hrnne more than high wages.
Call or address MRS. P., 1417 Harri.sun st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires position In hotel,
boarding house or restaurant; thoroughly ex-
perienced in French and German cooking.
Address box 4524, Call office.
RELIABLE woman, good cook and laundress,
would do housework or go as housekeeper
where there are children; city or country.
Call 424 Post St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, all branches of
cooking and baking, wishes situation; city or
country. 34S Third st.
RELIABLE elderly woman would assist in
light housework in a small family and make
herself useful. Box 4556, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants to do
cooking in the country; best references given.
155 Natoma st.
COMPETENT American woman wishes to do
washing. Ironing or houseeleaning; $1 a day
and car tore. Address box 4540, Call office.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do sec-
ond work and wait on table; best references.
Please call or address 348 Hayes st.
YOUNG woman, reliable, wishes chamberwork
or housework, «15. Call 1030 Howard St.; ref-
erences.
WOMAN with a child wishes housework in city
or country. 737 Howard St.. room 14.
WOMAN would like work by the day, 75c to
$1. MRS. F. S.. 503 O'Farrell St.
WOMAN with child 6 years wishes to do house-
work; good cook. 657 Harrison, middle flat.
STRONG young competent woman wishes po-
sition to do general housework: good home
more thnn wages. Address box 89G9, Call.
GERMAN widow with a child would like posi-
tion to do cooking, housekeeping or general
housework; city or country. Call or address
356 Third st.
AN elderly lady wishes situation to assist in
lliht housework: more for borne than wages.
2* Eddy St., room 25.
FRENCH woman wants work by the day,
washing or housecleanlng. Please call or
address MME. JACQUOT, 342 San Carlos
aye., bet. Twentieth and Twonty-flrst.
MIDDLK-AGED woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper or to mind children. 454 Jessie.
POSITION wanted as nurse; references. Ad-
dress A. G., care Smith's Cash Store. 25 Mar-
ket st. .
YOUNG colored girl wishes a position as
lady's maid or children's nurse: no objection
to traveling. 1024 Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; tailor suits a specialty; Jl 50
per day. city or country. Address box 45C0,
Call office.
LAUNDRESS wishes situation in hotel or
boarding house; references; first-class cook.
Call or address 927*4 Washington St., M. S.
RITTLEDGB.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements
by the day; terms $1 50 «'ay: ref. 505 Jones.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON. 1307 Harri-
eon tt.
SITUATIONS WANTBD-SIALB.
EM~P_3Y_VRiToTTie7p~^II find It to their ad-
vantage to send their orders to us. \ve taKe
special pains to furnish first-class help of
all kinds. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
YOUNG man 21 years of age desires position,
wholesale house preferred; 4 years in last
place; will give references. Address box ioZl,
Call efflce.
YOUNG man wants employment evenings and
Sundays; willing to do anything: can furnish
excellent references. Address M. F. J., box
4514, Call office. ______
CARPET-LAYER wishes situation; furniture
store or will go out by day; cleans and relays
carpets $1 60 per day. Address 2211 San An-
tonio aye., Alameda.
COOK. middle-aged, steady maji, wants work
in restaurant or saloon; understands bar-
keeping. J. DUNN, 623 Merchant St., room 3.
HONEST, reliable man would like a position in
a private family; can drive horses, milk cows,
etc. Address box 4529, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN gardener, 35 years old, single,
desires a position; first-class references. Ad-
dress 1322 Tenth St., Oakland.
WATCHMAKER and engraver, first class,
wants position with flrst-claas house. C. C.
WATSON, care International Hotel.
fIRST-CLASS meat cook In hotel, European
plan- also wife as chambermaid; years of ex-
perience. Address box 4526. Call office.
YOUNG man would like position In machine
shop; has had experience. Box 4610, Call.
WANTED— Work at paper-hanging by a first-
class man. Address HALL. 1149 Mission st.
TO Butchers — A young man seeks employment
In the country; shop, slaughter house or
wagon. Address W. LINES, 653 Folsom St.,
near Third.
SITUATION as care-taker of gentleman's plaice
during summer or permanent. Box 70,
Healdsburg, Cal.
SITUATION wanted by young man as engi-
neer or fireman: city or country: first-class
references. Address box 4537, Call Office.
NURSE; Al surgical, with hospital references;
giyes massage; would travel. Address box
4515, Call Office.
POSITION wanted by an engineer of 14 years'
experience with Corliss and automatic en-
gines- have a set of tools; can furnish the
best of reference. Address P. ANDERSON,
Watsonville, Cal.
AMERICAN (50) wants work; strong and able;
used to horses, driving light wagon, etc. ;
generally useful; sober, reliable, etc.; small
compensation. Address S. H., '15 Minna st.
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of.
trust: Al city references. Box 4663. Call.
STEADY young German wishes position on a
gentleman's place; good horseman; can milk;
good references; small wages. Box 4587. C.'Ul.
FIRST-CLASS all round butcher, highest ref-
erence as foreman, able to run machinery
and take charge of cold storage plant. Ad-
dress box 4623, Call office.
JAPANESE housecleaner wants few store en-
Kagements to work by the day or week.
BANTARO, 602 Leavenworth st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms. 200 to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Ttie Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WAXTED- FEMALE.
A .SWEDISH girl as cook or housework; six
years at last place; understands her work in
all branches. Apply MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to assist In
housework; strong and willing; references;
$10. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl as maid, $18; German second
girl, $15, Alameda; French second Blrl, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
COOK, $25; house girl. $25; 6 house alrls, $20
each, city; house girl. San Rafael, $25. see
party here. MRS. NORTON. 323 Suiter st.
HOUSE girl. Oakland, $20: Berkeley, S5: Ala-
meda, $20; middle-aged woman, country, $20;
young girl to assist housework, no cooking,
$10 to $12; waitress. $20. MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID to assist waiting, for nice
summer resort, to go to-day, $20; arm and
check waitress, country, $25; waitress, Han-
ford. $20; German or Swedish waitrrss, $20:
2 waitresses, country, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Gear?' st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman who understands Ger-
man hotel cooking for summer resort, $3U:
woman cook for nice summer resort, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT girl for laundry and assist; second girl
for nice country home, $20; 26 first-class house
girls for city. Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda,
Gllroy and other places, $15. $20, $26; young
girls to assist. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
GIRL for bakery, wait at table, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter «t.
COLORED nurse, sleep home, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT working housekeeper, over 45,
$15. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, Kausalito, $20 each; waitress,
Alameda, $20; Bakersfleld, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
SECOND girl. $15. MISS CULLEN. 328 Sutter.
NURSE, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, country, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st:
WAITRESS, first-class resort, $20; restaurant
waitress, $7 week; restaurant cock, $6 week;
Protestant cook, plain wash, $25; French
nurse, }20; 3 Scandinavian and German sec-
ond girls, $20; second girl and laundress, $25;
and girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
GIRLS and women for housework, country
places; waitress, country hotel, $20; German
or Scandinavian hotel cook, $30. MURRAY
& READY, G34-636 Clay St.
LAW office stenographer; neat. Industrious,
competent; permanent position; compensation
good. 313 Bush st.
NATIVE French lady for nursery governess:
no English; photograph gallery clerk. 1023
Market St.
GOOD German or Swedish girl for general
housework: 5 cooks. 1023 Market st.
GOOD milliner; also nursegirl; 3 glove sales-
ladies; confectionery clerk. 1023 Market st.
MARKET 1023—10 shop girls; big money; spe-
cial work; call to-day.
HOUSEKEEPER to go north, widower's fam-
ily; those with first-class reference only need
apply. Box 4525, Call office.
WANTED— A German woman from 30 to 40
years old for light housework : and cooking;
$12. Call lat 402 Pacific st.
GOOD reliable girl for general housework. Ap-
ply COO Oak st. ;
OPERATORS on ladies' underskirts; power and
steady j work. L. E. NEWMAN, 523 Market.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; mod-
.; crate wages. 1715 Broderick St.
JEWISH or German girl for light housework
and bakery. 132 Fourth st.
STRONG German woman as nurse to invalid;
references. Box 4520, Call office.
WANTED — Finishers on custom coats. 106 Bat-
. ; tery st. . ■ ' ' ■'■■.:."■■.■. ;
WANTED— Saleslady; address with reference
and state experience. Box 4546. Call. :
WANTED— GirI for general housework; Prot-
estant. , Call at 1710 Santa Clara aye., Alame-
da. Friday, between 9 and 1 o'clock.
YOUNG girl ■ for general • housework; German
preferred; family two; no washing, no win-
dows; $15. - 1909 Vallejo st.
100 EXPERIENCED operators on shirts.
NEWBAUER BROS., IS First st.
WANTED— German girl, general housework,
plain cooking, $20. 933 Halght St.
WANTED— First-class finisher, good wages,
on custom coats. 626 Minna st.
LEARN dressma. ng and millinery: position!
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; state experience and
salary expected. Address W. F.. box 05, Call.
DR. WIRE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market.
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlnns and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Cook. $lo"a~^eekT^ecomT~cook. $35;
waiter who can open oysters, 140; waiter,
small chop house, $20 to $25; waiter, $20;
potwasher. $25: 3 dishwashers. $15 to $25;
second butler, $25; young man for an Insti-
tution. $20; gardener for nursery, $25: boy for
store, $10. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st
ELEVATOR man; office building; experienced;
must have good references; to-day. 313 Bush.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Eush st.
AUCTIONEER'S clerk and buyer; furniture,
etc. ; desirable acquaintance necessary, with
references. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER to-day, manufacturing bust-
ness; laundry marker at once. 1033 Market.
BARBER wanted for the country- H. BER-
NARD, Free Employment Bureau. 104 7th.
HEI/P WANTED— Continued.
BOOKKEEPER; neat young man, with refer-
ence and experience, $12 a week: salesman
on dVaperies, etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
SECOND cook for a saloon, $45. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Gear)' st.
STRONG young German to drive a delivery
wajron, J3»: c£R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
OEORGE~PFONDER. the baker, wanted. C.
R? HANSEN _ CO.. U>4 Oeary Bt.
HEAD waiter, $507~C ~R. HANJSBN & CO., 104
Geary st.
BROILER, $C 5; fry cook, country hotel. $60
and free fare; broiler, fcO; 2. try cooks. $45
and S4O- nastrv cook and baker. $6u; bakor
and pastry cook, assist on range. $4<>; baker,
bread and cake. $4"; bailor's helper on breu. .
$6 a week and found; waiter, country hotel.
$30' cltv, $30; for a mine. $23; „' panto' boya,
$15- 2 pot washers. ?2'.: 7 dishwashers and veg-
etable men; dishwasher, pot washer and
vegetable man. summer resort $20 each; 10
Scandinavian- tunnelrnen, $1 75 to $2 50 a day.
long Job. to go at once; 30 more 2-horsa
scraper teametek $20 and board, free faro; 4
more men for the coast roaa to go this morn-
ing, free fare; 4 laborers, $1 <o, free fare, all
to go to-day; S more laborers for. the woods.
$1 a day arid board; 10 barkers and buckers,
$35 and "board; 2 tail edgermen, $2» and board;
engineer sawmill. $35 and tx.ard: screw
turner, $40 and board; 6 gravel miners « o0
a day; 5 farmers, $20. C. R. JIANSbN _ CO..
104 Oeary st. .___
TWO bollermakers for a corporation; cabinet
maker for city Job; machine blacksmith for
city Job. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
55 LABORERS for the great mines $2 50 $2 10;
$1 SO Si 60 day; call early. MLKRAY _
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOK and wife, country hotel kitchen. $40;
ranch cook. $25 and found; young maa
around a city institution. $15 and found,
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
TWELVE cooks for different places; 5 wait-
ers for different places; 3 waiter boys for dif-
ferent places; 6 dishwashers for different
places; second baker, city Job. MURRAY
_ READY, 634-036 Clay St.
THREE Ironers, country laundry; 2 starchers,
country laundry. MURRAY & READY. 634-
036 Clay st.
226 TIEMAKERS. Be, 9c. 10c. lie each. HUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO THE GREAT MINKS
25 miners. $2 50 day. board to cost $4 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
NINE milkers, $30, $25, $20; 4 butter makers,
$30, $25; 26 farm hands, $26, $25, $20, $15: 4
choremen for ranches, $20 $15; 4 choreboya
for ranches, $10, $12; 26 laborers, city job?.
$1 CO, $1 50, $1 75 day. farmer and wife, Santa
Cruz County: 2 stablemen, $35. $25; 5 labor-
ers for manufacturing company, $20 and
found; 126 woodchoppers for different places,
$1 50. $1 25, $l. TOe cord. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Six more miners, $2 50 day; pattern
maker. $3 50: 2 glass men, $2 day; 2 boys to
learn glass trade, $3 50 week; German g
clerk. $25 to $35; butter maker. $3": laborers,
$1 75 day and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 bakers. $45 and $30 and found;
cook for Nevada, $40 and found; waiters. %$
week and $40; colored bell boy, $10 and tound;
cook and wife for restaurant, $55, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Shirt lroner, for country laundry,
Troy machine, $35 and found; waiter, coun-
try hotel, $25, fare advanced ; 10, farm-
hands, different places, s2o and $25; strong boy
for store, $3 per week to start; milkers, but-
ter-makers and ohters. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st.
WAITER, country hotel, $35; laundryman,
springs, $25; boy to assist chamberwork, $12.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Koarny st.
WANTED — An experienced male bookkeeper;
must be quick, accurate and a good pen-
man; state age, salary, experience, references.
Apply box 4512. Call office.
WANTED— A bright, intelligent boy about 17
years or so, having a knowledge of the gro-
cery business; must come well recommended
and know the city well. Box 4519. Call office.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman experienced in
grocery or crockery line; give references and
wages expected. Box 4545. Can office.
WANTED— Steady man satisfied with $15 per
week in light cash business; must have $150
cash. IC2I Market St., room 2.
BOY to work around private place for his
board and room; good home to the right boy.
Box 4530, Call office.
COATMAKER for country. , Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Man for nursery work and Jobbing
gardening. Call 500 Haight Bt.
WANTED — Tailors and presser to work by tha
week on custom coats. 106 Battery St.
WANTED — Young man with some experience
at house painting. 3275 Twenty-fifth st.
GOOD shoemaker. 4102 Nineteenth st., near
Castro.
PAINTERS wanted. O'NEILL, 25 Steuart St.
WANTED— A good presser on pants. SCO
Fourth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — 300 operators on electric power ma-
chines; also finishers; men's clothing: factory
work; good pay. Apply at once HOFFMAN,
ROTHCHILD & CO., Bush and Battery sts.
WANTED — First-clnss salesman in the glove
department, men's furnishing goods store;
must thoroughly understand the business.
Address box 4545, this office.
WANTED — California Rangers recruits for
mounted service at once. 749 Market st.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN, 519 Filbert st.
WANTED — First-class basters on custom coats:
steady work. 10G Battery st.
WANTED — Man to drive laundry wagtm: must
give $125 security: salary $10 week, with room,
and board. Box 4562, Call office.
SOLICITOR for dyeing and cleaning, to drtv«
a wagon. EMPORIUM CLOTHING RENO
VATORY, 10.) Eddy st.
WANTED— SO men for Alaska mines; wages
$10 per day; leave June 5. Box 4606. Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free en
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 6iS.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis— loo furnished
rooms; 25c night: $1 week; reading room.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed RolUin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; ISO large
rooms; 25c per "night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, H Steoart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free F.mploym't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 323 Grant aye.; tel. Grant IM.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.: apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANS, BW Davis st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st., near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7B*tt Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; COc, Me find $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and I.V night; 75c and $1
week. LindcH House, Sixth and Howard :<ts.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutt.-r.
TRY Acme House. 967 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's Be* and second-hand shoes
half price; half-«oltnr, Kc. '•"'.< Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College, UBft Eighth st.
MARKET 4— Branch office of Th( Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
10c BRINGS samples * catalogue of patrintlo
emblems, etc., by return mail. Quick! Manu-
facturer, box 1275, Boston, Mass.
AGENTS wanted for "Our Naval War With
Spain": splendidly Illustrated ; only au-
thentic book to be published: free outfit nnw
ready; act quick. National Publishing Com-
pany. Lakeside builillng, Chicago.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book. "Our Country in War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
forc-ign nations; nearly r.OO pages; all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustrations: agents making Jin to $39 per day;
no experience necessary; liberal terms: ID
dnys' credit; price lavr; freight paid; outfit
free; send 9 2-c stamp? to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted, tea and coftte business;
good thing for right man; small capital. Box
4516. Call office.
W ANTED— M ISCELLA XEOUS.
WANTED— Bicycle, second hand, 51 Install-
ments; good make. PAL-MER. 575 Howard at.
WANTED — Second-hand camera, not smaller
than 6V6XHV4- Address box 4513. Call office.
CASH paid for old gold and silver; any quan-
tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis Bt.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN, 41 Third.BL'SIXESS CHAXCES.
A— S2SO— SALOON close to water front; low
rent; rooms; doing a good paying business.
See WILKE. 783 Market St.
$550— PARTNER wanted In good paying liquor
store; large stock; very best location; owner
wants an honest, industrious man. See
_WILKr:. m Market st.
fSfr saloon; many years and do-
ing a daily business of $12; 1 block from Hl-
bernia Bank; a rare opening. See WILKE,
"S3 Market st.
ftDOO— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest loca-
tion In Western Addition; large stock; 5 bar-
rels whisky ,-n h:ini; a first-class paying busl-
b— . Particulars WILKK. 7>-3 Market st.
a— sl7so; BEST-PAYING restaurant la city; es-
tablished years; kept by owner the last 6
years; private rooms; the very best business
location; average daily receipts above $40. In-
Qulre WILKE. 753 Marked st.
$2500— OLD-E^TAIU.isHKD saloon In choicest
down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE, 753 Market st.
$400— SALOON: flrst-clasn business: close to
Phflan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
783 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO.. Up-to-date Brokers. 22H
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$3000— Road house; dally receipts $60.
(1300- -Saloon; fine corner; weli stocked.
$ 750-~Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
$ 175 — Grocery and bar: give-away.
$1600 — Plumbing and gasfitting; $160 monthly.
$ Soo— Delicacy ; fine corner; with living rms.
$ 6oO — Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 daily.
S 125--Dressmaking; ?tor* and furnished rms.
$450 — Best shooting gallery: cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
A— s2ooo— WOOD, coal, hay, grain and livery
stable; clears $200; full value in stock. KRE-
po & co.
A— S4SO— CIGAR stand: receipts $15 dally; also
$375; cigar stand. Oakland. KREDO & CO..
22'-^ Geary st.
$3500— AN old established business clearing $200
to $300 a month: everything In first-class or-
der; fullest investigation given. McLAUGH-
LIN <& CO., 23 Kearny st.
EASTERN city property for exchange for busi-
_ness. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$2500— SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores.
I cottages, 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MoLAUGHLIN. 23 Keary st.
GROCERY store for sale: established business
of £0 years; does $4000 monthly business on a
$5000 stock.
Livery stable for sale; carriages, buggies,
hacks and horses; good paying business;
terms to suit; price. $6000.
Variety store for sale; good stock: will sell
at invoice price' a bargain; particulars,
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner butlding.
A— sSo0 — CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one ot the bes-. business corners.
$200— Partner wanted; commission business.
$300 — Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON .£ CO., 777 Market.
$250— RESTAURANT an.l coffee saloon on
Montgomery st. ; average $30 per day; rent
ISO; splendid bargain. WTLKE. 753 Market.
$200— Partner wanted; suited to plain/steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trUl
giver.; short hours; duties light. 31 Third »t-,
room 1, from 10 to 12 a. m.
HOft I rTf *iTrr barber-shop with 6 living rooms;
.best location; }.*j d \vn. balance in Install-
ments. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
CIOAR stand. 1231 Market St., headquarters
Inglesid* Coursing Club; must be sold to-day;
highest offer takes it, as proprietor goes East.
GOOD paying chop house, suitable for man
and wife, for *«!•» cheap on account of de-
parture. Address box 4521, Call office.
HOTEL for sale— 26 rooms, furnished; cost $8000
11 years ago; now asking $2200. Call 256 Third
St.. get terms; make offer at once.
GRAND opportunity offered young man who
has $3'>o or $44 r ».': will bear strict Investigation.
Box 4511. Call office.
WANTED — Reliable, active partner in a whole-
sale wine and liquor business. Address box
tSj Call office.
RESTAURANT; best location In Oakland;
owner has other business. K. D.. box 4, Call
office, Oakland.
TO let or for sale; nire saloon; fixtures com-
plete. See owner, (09 Clay St.
FOR SALE — First-oliiss two-chair barb»r shop;
cheap if taken at unit-. Hex 4609, Ca.ll office.
FOR sale— Restaurant and chop-house; opposite j
the ferries. Call at I.S East st.
CIGAR stand and shooting gallery very cheap.
Call BIS !<•■
FOR SALE— Home baker;-, notions, tamales;
good trad*, cheap rf-nt. 1913 Howard st.
ELEGAjNT grocery and bar for sale: fine
«; larpe Hock of ohoioe groceries and
1/quors; hors», wagon and outaiae trade; do- j
!nc good business; good reasons for selling;
none but parties meaning business need ap- ,
ply; very cheap; investigate. Box 4543, Call. '
1250 — FOR sale at a great bargain 1 on account ot j
sickness, a photograph building, including i
new carpets, show cases, etc., in a prosperous i
country town; no opposition. Further par- I
tlculars address L. E. BOSTWICK. Sacra-
mento. Cal. !
FOR SALE— Saloon with plar.o and 4 rooms;
lodging-house over saloon with 17 rooms; run-
ning water and gas in every room; no reason-
able offer refused If sold before the first of
the month; no agents. Box 4035, Call.
$S0O — HOME cooking and delicatessen business
with an established trade; well located; low
rent; living rooms and every' convenience: to
a gr.od cook this place offers a small fortune.
Box 4576, Call office.
ACTIVE middle-aged man of business expe-
rience with some capital and his service*,
wishes to go in some legitimate established
business. Address box 4617. Call office.
FOR SALE— Stock and fixtures branch bakery,
confectionery, notions and newspaper agency;
3 living rooms; rent $7; price $125. J. P.
.!• HNBTON & CO., 572 Hroadway. Oakland.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and liquor store;
best corner in city. Inquire Grocers' Union, I
214 California st. I
CORNER saloon, good location; on account of '
other business; low price. Albany Brewery.
OLD established restaurant for sale; doing a
good business: Investigate. 249 Fourth st.
$175— FRUIT store for sale, with horse ' and j
wagon. Inquire 1126 Harrison St.
FOR salt- — 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price $^500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $250; guaranteed
salary J5O month. X., box 10, Call, Oakland.
$150— FIXTURES of market. Including refrig-
erator; trade of about $500 given away, ac-
count of departure. 1022 San Pablo aye., Oak-
land.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale: located In
the best manufacturing part of the city. In-
qaire at Model Lodging House, 737 Mission st.
MUST be sold at once; a chance not to be
missed; a fine grocery; good location: 49C Va-
lencia, cor. Sixteenth; less than invoice price.
$300 WILL purchase the Nickel Saloon, stock,
fittings, fixtures, pianoforte. 130 Seventh st.,
near new Postofflce site.
FINE milk business, including 2 routes In Ala-
m»da; cheap. Box 95, Call office. Oakland.
FOR SALE— First-class drug store; good loca-
tion; easy terms. Box 4551, Call office.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
$176— CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms.
NE. cor. Fifth and Clara sts.
OOOD paying country barber shop; cheap for
cash. Inquire Call Office.
PARTNER wanted: good paying restaurant.
Apply 621 Montgomery st.
WELL paying cigar store for sale: good rea-
sons for selling. Inquire at 428 Montgomery
st. ; no agents.
BARBER shop, central location, clearing over
$20 a week, for sale; present owner going to
Honolulu. Particulars box 4561. Call office.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN, Lorin, Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for »1 50. postag*
free.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof Morse, falls for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office. 610
Market at.
ATTORNEYS AT Lu*W.
iDVICE~~free on all legal mattera. T. F.
STACiv, 11 McAllister St.. room 64.
1 AXV of divorce; conscientious attorneys; $46
only ; promptj_prlvate. Room 41, 330 Finest.
Xnv'lCE free ; no charge unless successful.
\V W DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
rw FA PEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for »1 60, postage
free.
TVI'K WRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
TOST good order, $26; »end for sample work.
fiCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montfomerr «t.
LODGING » jUSES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAY
FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
20-room house.. $800, 22-room house — $500
10-room house.. 160 l 24 rooms, corner.. Tou
56 rooms, cor... 3,0001 14 rms, on Sutter «oy
11 rs. ; must sell 200 1 66 rms.; best city 7.000
15 rooms; new.. 1,2."0 Sl-room house 1.40U
81 rooms; new.. S.OtMjj 110 rooms; corner. 6,000
300 rms.; hotel.. 10.000! 11 rooms; only <*
35 mis. ; central 2,5001 10 rooms; Jones.. 300
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL EsTAlb
AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS.
I WANT No EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market .-t.. opg- Fifth.
54-ROOM CORNER HOUSE
FINE LOCATION-
ROOMS ALL RENTED —
— —PRICK ONLY $16"i' -— — :
Apply to H. C. DECKER^IfgO Market st.
A^KREDO &~CO., up to date Brokers, 22M.
Geary st. .-Ann
285 rooms; clears $400 monthly $WW
60 rooms; Market; best in city *■£*!
SO rooms; Kearny; elegant offices **»>
22 rooms; Powell; transient; "«*"- -it IXXX1 XXX
21 rooms; corner Market: clears $100 ™
15 rooms; clears $40 monthly *'?
12 rooms: Powell; elegant £"'
«-room flat; Ellis st. ; free rent *> v
Hundreds of others at your own price.
$2500—42 rooms; central corner; £h?ars fIM.
exchange for house and lot. KUfc-DO & CO.
SPECIAL BARGAIN LIST- —
15 rooms; rent $75; doctor pays rent *50U
18 rooms: elegant place; investigate J*
19 rooms; central; a money-maker ™>
20 rooms; rent $45; good furniture *w
21 rooms; rent $25: see It V?'
21 rooms; rent $45; must sell *™
32 rooms; this Is a bargain £"
67 rooms; rent $125: a Pick-up. •.....•• •••••" w
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
FOR Rest— well and favorably known St
George lodging house of 150 rooms, centrally
located in Sacramento City and convenient to
the railroad shops. For particulars apply to
GEORGE W. LORENZ, Peoples Savings
Bank, Sacramento. ____.
A-512OO: 48-ROOM house, clearing about J125
per month; rent low; 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket st. WILKE. 783 Market st^
j $350-11-ROOM house on McAllister st. full of
! roomers: owner retiring. Apply Call office.
I 9-ROOM house, all full, for sale cheap; solid
walnut. 505 Mason st.
FIRXITVHK FOR SALE.
5 NICE furnished rooms and kitchen for sale.
202 Fourth st.
• WELL furnished house. 8 rooms, for sale;
bargain. Inquire 22'' A McAllister st.
FURXITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
j gomerv St.: highest price paid. Tel. Davis ■!.
I i ' _ . . _ .
MUSICAL INSTIUMKNTS.
AS~"^-"are"seiu'ng good upright pianos for $6
i cosh and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
tame as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $S $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO
' Ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broad,way, Oak'tnd.
I ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER * C.-ASE'S.
26 2S and TO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
aiid -" other musical instruments of all
I (Trade* and pel' - Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the' customer.
CLARK. WISE & CO.. cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st , agents Conover. Kingsbury and
pianos: opened May 1: new stock: spe-
cial prices; easy terms; Inspection Invited.
! SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices: terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O' Fan-ell St., agents for the
Chickering find other pianos.
AEOLIAN organ with viator and about 100
rolls of music for sal* cheap: good condi-
tion. Inquire 226 A McAllister ft. ;
A STEINWAY piano for $100: a Chickerlng for
i $90: examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st. j
SOHMKR & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. $08, 310, 312 Post St.
3-PED*.L upright piano and latest Improved i
: SingeV sewing machine cheap. SS4A Natoma. ,
| NICE "Emerson piano. $50; great snap. Room j
12. Flood building. i
' A— s3s; fine rosewood piano In perfect condl- j
j tion. 1361 Folsom st., corner Tenth. I
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— $100, $123, $150; agency famous
Haines Bros. TV. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
JJ3-ELEGANT walnut upright for sale; $10
down. $.') a month. 221 Leavenworth st.
GREAT bargains: Decker. Schubert, Steinway. j
Neuman, others. > Hornung's. 215 McAllister, j
I "AD" smallest: price lowest: upright* $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
! NEW pianos rented. $3 per month. SCOTT-
! CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayes
i A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hlber la Bank. BCHMITZ.
' KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n-w. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Litham place.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wa?ons. buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagon*, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia «t. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagons; cheap. Bull's
i Head Repository. Fifteenth and Valencia.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate are.
and Polk st. • . ■
BrECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fire top and opea
•buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison «t.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ELEGANT French walnut Decker Bros, up-
right piano for sale cheap. BONELLI, 130
Powell st.
ASK to see the $11 solitaire diamond ring; ask
to see the $16 solitaire diamond ring at UN-
CLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant aye.
FOR Sale— Empty packing cases. Apply M. A.
GUNST & CO., 203 Kearny st.
$G7 60— PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st.
$197^0— MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down, $5 per month; guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for Irrigation purposes;
fumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WHITE.
14, 616, 618 Mission st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records. $5 per do«. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mikt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 101 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWINGMACHItfES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
"carpet cleaning.
! CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
j McQUEEN'B Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Elg. th st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 St i at. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
j. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
et. ; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carp«t-Beattng Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want Ads taken. J
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, 189 S.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market St.
SUNNY house, 6 rooms, bath, in good condi-
tion; rent $18. 2828 Pine st.
$S— HOUSE 5 rooms; b^st condition; healthy
place. IBM Kearny st., near Greenwich.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY. 3628 A —Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and floor of 3 rooms for
housekeeping. 923 Shotwell st.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 109 Collins St., near Geary.
$20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
29G3 Twenty-first ft.: key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A PARTY looking for a rooming-house 8 to 12
rooms, within lines of Sutter st. and Van
Ness aye., will buy the furnishings If a bar-
gain.
S-room house, bath, very nicely furnished,
including piano; a good location and good
neighborhood $25
8-room house, bath, elegantly furnished with
all modern conveniences; no better location
for a fine home; owner must go East at once,
and wants property cared for $30
A grand house of 15 rooms, 2 baths, 2
pianos, grandly furnished, carppts npw, young
folks gone, too much care for old folks; a rare
chance $100
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner building.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely rumrhed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm.
$43— Mcdern lower flat: 8 room*, bath; piano.
Call from 10 to 2, 1808 Vallejo st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th» Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
FLATS TO LET.
A MODERN flat. 6 rooms, porcelain bath; rea- ;
sonable rent. 73i> Ellis st.
ALL OVER TOWN - |
You ' see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. j
CALIFORNIA. 2510—2 sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each: $17 50 and $16; basement flat. $9.
GROVE, 10, near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
S rooms; bath.
GROVE. 729 A —Lower flat four light sunny
rooms ; bath.
HAVES, 825 — Sunny flat of 6 rooms; bath; large
yard; basement; $25.
HYDE. 'Sol. between Turk and Eddy— Com- I
plete bedroom and kitchen for housekeeping. ■
JESSIE, 440-5 rooms; sunny aide; no child-
ren.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat. 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap- i
ply 111 Liberty st.
PINE, 1228, near Hyde— 2 flats In first-class or-
der; rent $16 and $18. ]
SIXTH. 322— Flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent
cheap. Apply on premises. j
SUNNY flat with 8 rooms and bath at reason- !
able rent. 615 McAllister st. Key at bakery. ;
5-ROOM flat: unfurnished; bath; very nice. .$l5
8-room flat; unfurnished; bath: very nice.. SO
8-room fiat; unfurnished; bath; very nice.. 42
10-room flat: unfurnished; bath: very nice.. 50 ;
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner building.
$22— Fine flat: good neighborhood. 507 Guerrero;
I rooms: bath.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS FOR Mcl >iK l.i:i'l M..
BRYANT. 1101, cor. Ninth— Three nice furnish-
ed front rms, complete for housekpng; cheap.
EDDY, 617—2 sunny furnished rooms for house- j
keeping; range. '
EDDY, 917— Very desirable housekeeping rooms: :
gas range; bath; garden; private; splendid
location. I
EIGHTH, 34, near Market— Large furnished
housekeeping sunny room; kitchen; hot and
cold water; bath; private family.
FIFTH 353— Furnished for housekeeping, 2 par-
lors, kitchen, bath. $22: also $6 and $7 rooms. ;
Ft'LTON, 116— Large well- furnished room, with .
summer kitchen, complete, $8 per month.
GEAR? IU7 F..r adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20. |
GOLDEN GATE, 62'- 3 sunny rooms, bay-
window; furnished for housekeeping.
GUERRERO, 1147, near Twenty-fourth— Two
sunny front rooms and kitchen, furnished; $12.
HARRISON, 61S — 4 fine sunny unfurnished
rooms, 2 upstairs; etave; $11 to quiet adults.
HOWARD, 525— Large front room; furnished \
complete for housekeeping. |
JONES, 523 :; elegantly furnished housekeep- j
ing rooms; gas stove; also single. j
KKAUXY. MS— 3 rooms, furnished for light
housekeeping; $20. j
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, $14: 3 rooms. $10. I
McALLISTER. 340—2 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 102, cor. Polk— l nicely furnish- ;
ed front rooms; housekpg; terms reasonable. ;
MINNA, 371. r.fnr Fifth— Lurge sunny furnished ;
front room; water; stove; closets; private.
MISSION, S39— Large kitchen and bedroom,
complete for housekeeping, $10; single, $1 25.
MISSION, M 7 —2 furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, HIS — Large sunny front room and
kitchen;' housekeeping complete; strictly pri-
vate.
MISSION, 1729^, near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $8.
MISSION. 925V4— Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gaa and bath.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Furnished house-
keeping suites, $1 SO per week; single. 75c.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary — Sunny bay-
window, dining and kitchen; single or en
suite. _
POLK 605— Complete for housekeeping, Includ-
ing gas for stove; clean sunny room; $9 mo.
POWELL, 944—3 rooms for housekeeping; hot
and cold water; bath; $15 per month.
PROSPECT place, 123. near California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— l to 4 rooms,
bath, complete housekeeping, $4 to $15; pri-
vate German family.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
THIRD, 340—2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $7.
THIRD 362— Front sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished, housekeeping; first floor; $2 25 week.
THREE sunny furnished rooms; gaa stove; to
respectable parties only. Apply 40 Geary st.
TURK, 643 — Large front rooms, complete for
housekeeping: gas and bath; $12 and $15.
WASHINGTON, 1025^—3 large unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; also 2 furnished.
WEBSTER. 2212— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; single or housekeeping; moderate.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton Bt. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 628— For 2 or more gentlemen, elegantly
furnished sunny front bay-window suite, con-
necting bedroom; running water, bath, gas,
grate; private; references.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
ELLIS, 327— An elegantly furnished suite;
piano, light housekeeping; $30 per month.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $8 week.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 par week.
FURNISHED rooms in all parts of city; sin-
gle, double and en suite. 1023 Market st.
GEARY, 556, formerly 618— Elegant sunny par-
lor; suites, single and double rooms; also
housekeeping.
GEARY, 622— Elegant front sunny bay-window
parlors; also other rooms; bath, gas.
GEARY, BOBA— Handsomely furnished sunny-
front bay-window room, suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; rent $12.
GEARY, 2249— A large nicely furnished room
in private family.
GIRARD House, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Pleasant rooms, single and housekeeping;
lowest rates..
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GLOBE~Hous«>. 821 Howard— Per night. 250 to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard car*.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 156— Sunny front fur-
nished suite; also single rooms; water; $5.
GOLDEN GATE, 627— 2 nice front rooms; rent
cheap.
GUERRERO, 1152— Sunny bay-window front
alcove room, well furnished; cheap.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 741— Just opened; newly furnished
front and other rooms; bath; gas; $3 mo. up.
HOWARD, S59— A nice sunny room in a quiet
family for a young man; $4 a month.
HOWARD, 1217V4— Large furnished room suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family.
JESSIE, 373, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
front room, $5.
JONES, 517— Sunny furnished room for gentle-
man; rent $3. __^
KEARNY, 104— Three unfurnished rooms and
bath; with private family, $15.
LARKIN, So4— Sunny front furnished; 1 or 2
persons; $7; large back room, $5.
MARKET, 1211, near Sixth (Ellis House)—
Furnished rooms, $1 50 to $6 per week; tran-
sient.
MARKET, 1122 (The Parker House)— Nicely
furnished suites; reasonable.
MARTHA place, 6. south of Geary, above
Mason-Sunny room. $5 month.
MASONS 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, Bingle by the week, $l 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths: hot water; transient: elevator.
MASON, 411— Fine sunny furnished suite in
private family; bath; telephone; very rea-
sonable.
MASON, 50&— Sunny bay window suite; no
stairs; private family; elegantly furnished.
MINNA, 28— Furnished rooms, $1 per week;
housekeeping rooms; piano free.
MINNA, 1037— Large bay-window parlor; fold-
ing bed; bath and gas; rent for 2, $8.
i MISSION. 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
. OAK. 22— Large light sunny front room; suit-
' able for work shop or storage; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
: O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; sunny single room. $7.
! PHILADELPHIA House— Furniihed room*. 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
1 POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
1 POST, 216—3 connecting sunny rooms, suitable
for offices or otherwise.
i SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth »t.,
n*ar Market— Fornlshed and unfurnished.
! SIXTH, 124— Single and double rooms, $1 50
I week up; complete housekeeping, $10 mo. up.
• TURK, 40V- S-unny suites, double and single
rooms; also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg; range; bath; running water.
■ TAYLOR. 109 — Sunny double room with sep-
j arate bods. $10; sunny single room. $1 50.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Nice large sunny
'■ rooms: kitchen If desired; very cheap.
239 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ada taken.
ROOMS •. 4l> BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful; flirt-class every respect; board
optlunal. The Slrius, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
EDDY, 626 (Irvingdale)— Lovely rooms; select
table: nice locatn; suits, $40 up; single, $20 up.
ELLIS. 51S— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per month.
FOLSOM. fill— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FOURTH. 127— Room and board in private fam-
ily, $4 per week.
SOI'TH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice gunny front room. $4 week.
SVTTER, US'!— Sunny suite: single rooms: first-
class board; largegrounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful ninny Market-st.
suites", with board for 2, $40 p.-r month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS sve., SOS — Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
i-INTH, 167— Branch office of 1..c Call. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
RELt ABLE lady will board infant or 1 or 2
children; nice yard: own cow. 333 Jessie et.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's care: references 234H Sixth it.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store: 4 rooms and stable; rent $15;
22d-st. cars pass the door. 3)wl Twenty-fourth
et.. corner of Vlcksburg.
NE cor. Pacific and Sansome — Handsome cor-
ner store, with or without basement; cheap.
STORE and three living rooms; rent $10. 2943
Mission st.
OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICE room, all furnished, with large vault,
at CLARK & COS., 224 Montgomery St.,
next the Mills building; (agents for the sani-
tary stills)^
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter St.,
corner Leavenworth.
SIXTH, 43, cor. Mission (Esmond House) — 4
rooms' formerly occupied by Dr. M. Kroto-
zynpr for 10 years.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc • babies adopted; travelfrs treated; no
delay- self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure. $5.
ALL of Dr. Eoulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; \<o*i-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects- taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive- price $1 BO per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irrepularities from any cause re-
stored in one day. or no charge; restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees- cure $5; pills. $1: whnn others fail,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye.. near
McAllister st.
NEW process; a great progress In medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments
used- restores in one day without fall; every
woman her own physician; away, disgrace;
consultation free: can be sent and used at
home; by the well known DR. POPPER, 81S
Kearny St.; pills and capsules, 11.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours: safe and sure at all timos
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to S. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A SURE safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy or home and con-
venience of a hospital : those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk at., nr. Leaven worth.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly lrregularitleß from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
DR and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good hom-a.
DR WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones St.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. V. ; diseases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; price
Jl 60; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Miuiu-
facturlng Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAtTS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSCJOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason St.; pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reaa. Powell-st. cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities: no medicine: no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2208V4 Mission St.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folßom at., tnkes ladles
at her home In their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254^4 Fourth Bt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for Jl 50, postage
paid.
MATRIMONY
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legitimate matri-
monial assn. west ot Chicago; details free.
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
ding Be!I," IS DM.J «7t> Rfnts; 42:; ladies; no $5
fee. EDITOR. 11l Ellis st.,San Francisco, Cal.
BUSINESS i EHSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
NO extra charge for dressing your hair in the
very latest sfyle; price 2.'c only; good
swlthehe*. $1; best, finest quality. J3 50; extra
heavy, long. $*>. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week.;,
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
O-HE— Price reduced; small cans, 50c; large
cans, $1 50. 1646 Howard St.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLASS, 1716 Central aye.. nr. Bush st.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse; office heated. 579 Geary st.
QUINONIA is the most perfect hair tonic
made; try It. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKS, 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansunie st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and bent in America— The Wwkly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses mode over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcm* 1 your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unite* the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect tranc?. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special t»rms. MRP. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and futuie; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium nnrt card
reader; Ssc up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAYENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth sr.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2.
MME. BYBILLEi, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice; help. S2!» Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MOTHER SADIB seance to-day, 12 o'clock,
sn<-; trumpet seance, S p. m.. 25c. 409 Leav-
enworth ?t.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing and devel-
oping, Friday 2 and 8. 322 O'Farrell St.; 2ac\
AT 305 Lark in St., to-night, ladjps' aid social;
fine programme; pood music for dancing, 10c.
MRS PHRIXER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sitting*. 120 McAllister: tel. Jessle.KS.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
Ings $1; ilr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat., S: 25c.
MKS. .T. .T. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 21)2 Stockton sf.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St., room 2.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Halght et.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER: readings, Tues.. Thurs.,
Sat. at hall. 305 Larkln St.; Mon., Wed., Fri.,
residence. 553 Geary St.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402 V, Geary; hypnotism taught:
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; lltW grad-
uates placed since ISP2 ; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $60; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 672, 855 Market st.
UNIQUE rvenlng's entertainment for societies.
C. C. FONTANA, 24 Sixth; parlors 5 and 6.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute:
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
DENTISTS.
A FILL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painleys and warrant^,!. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 2-1 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set. $5 up: gold filling, 75c up: sil-
ver, 25c up: old plates made over, $1 up: all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
9G9 Mission St., cor. Sixth, and 271 Hayes st.
DR. LT'DLUM HILL 1443 Market st.. nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates I ade over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Let»k dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of imp'-'ved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAI" VROOM Electro Dental larlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guar-nteed to stand: open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR.- LUELLA COOL, 551 Sutter: crowns. $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGT'E. A. CANE and F. TEACJUE.
removed to Call bids.. Cth floor, nns. 603-807.
ALL. wor~ reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. "Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.' -
~~~ PROPOSALS. ~
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
a. m. of June 24, IS9S, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
: tral portion •of the San Diego State Normal
School building. ■• \;
Separate proposals will be received : and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1, For the masonry work,
Including all brick, , concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing; 2. for the Iron work; 3. for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4. for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for the
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6, fit
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the : above-mentioned bond. Inclosed 'in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building Is covered by, the inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego, California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, 1598." :
. Said proposals will be publicly opened «nd
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 21.1898, at 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block. In San Diego, Cali-
fornia. B*J l M£ilM iilKnJJltlUWliJfc^wßHHf
, The • contractors to whom • contracts are
awarded -will be required to ■ file with said
board a good . and* sufficient bond to - - the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price 4
for the faithful and proper performance of
his I contract. -i ■ - -- ■ . . ? -,
The plans and specifications of said build-
ing can be seen during business hours at the
office :of Hebbard & Gill. > architects, Grant
: building. San Diego, California. . • ■■■■.•/. ■■■ : ■
The , Board of • Trustees reserves .. the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Call-
fornia.
By W. R. GUT. President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 yarket; diseases or women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
No. 31— Fine 437-acre stock and wood ranch
to exchange for city property.
No. 35 — First-clasa fruit and grain ranch; 3<>
acres in fruit; all tools and team included to
exchange for city property.
WANTED— BARGAIN— CASH.
Berkeley residence, under $6000; also under
$1200; lot at a big bargain; Berkeley or Ala-
meda residence in exchange for fine lemon
orchard In bearing at San Diego, worth $4300.
For sale <San Francisco), elegant home. Cen-
tral aye., near Hayes Ft., 7 rooms, bath, laun-
dry; interior finish splendid; all latest modern
improvements; cost $70inv offer wanted.
Ranch for sale. 152 acres. 3 miles from Napa,
all fenced; house of S rooms, barn, orchard:
would make finest chicken ranch In State;
giving it away for $12.'i0.
Stock ranch, 2671 acres, flush with feed and
water, 2'i miles from the Southern Pacific rail-
road; good farm house, large barn room; snap,
$7 per acre.
We will list free of charge In our Real Estate
and Mining Review all ranch properties placed
in our hands.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY.
Rooms 403- --4. Examiner Building.
COI'XTRY REAL ESTATE.
TO LEASE— Dairy and fruit ranch: milk
route: 25 cows; 70 acres: adjoining Vallejo;
good opening for industrious family man with
some money. Address at once box 4554. Call.
THE best general ranch in California; 43S
acres: two-thirds alfalfa land, balance good
hay land; improvements co6t $13,000; a snap to
the right parties. CLARK & CO., 224 Mont-
gomery st.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
HEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The Weekly
Cail. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$-ir.<">— NEW cottage, 4 rooms and lot; terms to
suit.
$12."— For barn, well and lot, $10 cash; $5
monthly.
$75 for one fine lot, or more; $j cash, $5
monthly.
Build your own home, or we will build It
for you; payment rs rent: all streets graded,
some macadamized: 3 electric car' lines and
fine school near; soil. Himate and view the
b?st. Allendale Settlement. East Oakland. Call
or send for circulars. 4.">5 7th st., cor. Broad-
way, Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco cot-
tage, house nnd lot centrally located. Ad-
dress 9«2 Third St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ifOLSES TO LET.
FOURTH aye., 1311. East Oakland— S-room
house, handsomely furnished, piano: orchard,
stable, chicken house, gardens; rent $26; take
Haywards car at Broadway Station; pass
door.
HANDSOME modern cottage for sale In Fruit-
vale, Oakland. 5 rooms and lot 66:2-3x1.">0. with
flowers and fruit palore; street sewered: price
to be fixed by buyer: owner Is East and
must hnve money: $400 all that Is required
at present: this is a rare opportunity. WM.
M. DeWOLF. VCS Bnadwav. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED— For rent at Piedmont: comfort-
able home of eight rooms and bath: large
and very attractive grounds, stable, etc. ;
rent for a term of months or a year: rental
moderate and includes care of trrounds: also
cow if desired. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1030
Broadway. Oakland.
! FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms: large grounds:
flowers, fruit: barn; in FruitvaJe. Address
C. G. JASPER. Frultvale. P. O.
CHESTNUT, 2023 — New 6-room cottage; neatly
furnished; piano; $30.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED rms. to rent Abrahamson bdg,
RE. cor. 13th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros.
OAKLAND ROOMS AMI BOARD.
FIXE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE I-ORNE. ■'■62 Eighth St.
| OAKLAND lIKMTIRi: FOR SVI .10.
FT'RXITURE and household poods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IN Alameda, on a main thoroughfore, three
blocks west of Park st.. lot 50x140, modern
I cottage. 5 rooms and bath, $2200; $1700 can
remain flat or Installments at 7>£ per jent:
make offer. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050
Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let — Fine 6-room house; good location; $16.
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IMPROVED property across bay: sell cheap or
exchange. ISAACS, 409 O'Farrell st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
'LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AX, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry: all business
strictly ''■■nftdential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 KVarny St.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6>4 per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st -- room 3.
OAKLAND loans on real estate secured
promptly; reasonable interest and moderate
expenses. HIGH M. CAMERON. Real Es-
tate Broker. 479 Ninth St.. Oakland.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
OX furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10.-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
HEAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
AXY sum. Ist or 2.1 mort?a?es, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, SCR California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY WANTED.
MODERN residence wanted: 7 to 10 moms;
north or west side of street on Pacific or
Presidio Heights: cost not to exceed JSWOO;
state price and details. Address box 4659, Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. MoAFEE BROS. 1"S Montgomery Bt.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st.. bet. Market and Eddy.
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1022
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 182J!
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. ;
office, Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
FOR lawest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth st. ; open evenings.
TRUNKS. 25c a mo.: other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 630 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
BICYCLES.
WANTED— Bicycle ; second hand; state price,
etc. Box 4651. Call.
LKGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Paciflo
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said corporations, made and entered into In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute In such case made and pro-
vided, did, on the 14th day of April, A. D.
1898, amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of. the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCTTTT,
Secretary of the Southern Paciflo Railroad
Company.
Ban Francisco, Cal., May 6, 1898. . „.
LOST.
$123 REWARD— Lost, at soldiers camp. Bay
District. Saturday, purse containing dia-
mond. Jewelry, etc. Return to WISE, 9
Montgomery st. ; no questions asked.
LOST— Xear the city front, a gold hunting-caeo
Swiss watch, double chain and diamond:
lock»t. The flnoer will be liberally rewarded
by returning same to 316 Sacramento st.
COCKER spaniel pup. white-breasted. Finder
will return to 31 1 -.. Ninth st.; receive reward.
LOST— lrish terrier bitch; answers to th» name
of Puppy. 521 Thirtieth St.: reword. : :
STRAYED from the premises, 1108 Shotwell
cor 23th St., Sunday night. May 22, a pale red
milk cow; finder will please notify the above
number. ' .
WHITE greyhound- bitch; brindle spot on side:
brindle spot on head. Return 91 South Park ;
LOST— Black and white puppy greyhound
bitch. Return to 12 29th st. Reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Nick Kopter and Mamie Vlnlng 24-18
Frederick Stone and Christiana Car150n... 29-33
Julius Goldsmith and Tillie Lobe 25-22
G. H. A. Conies and Emma M. Baumgart..
George S. Evans and Hattic M. MlUlken. .23-20
;■ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
■ Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed 'in at either of the publication offices
and b> end rsed with the name and residence of
parties authorized to have the same published.
CORN.
HATKORN -In this city. May 24. IS9S. to the
wife of Ralph L. Hathorn, a son.
STI'ART— May 21. lS'.'S, to the wife of O.
Stuart, a son.
MARRIED.
CONKLING— EDWARDS— In Pan Jose. May 24,
lv V by the Rev. Dr. Wakefleld, Edward P.
Cnnklin? and Cora Edwards.
HIRSCH— JENSEN— in this city. May 25. I*9B,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. Nicho-
las Paul Hirsch and Karoline A. 11. Jensen,
both of San Francisco.
DIBU.
Braun. Freddie J. Medau. Melinda C.
Burnham. James G. Mulhern. Edward H.
Clark. Walter P. Munk. Ernst
Conway, Nellie Murphy, William
Fabbrt, G. Nor.lstrom. Charlotte
Flynn. Thomas P. l'lank. George
H«nning. Otto Bcttlly, Mrs. F. R.
Irwiv. Margaret Ste<-kelberg Dorothea
I^ilar.de. Jean Sutherland. Mrs. C.
Lorenz. Marie Weniple. Harry A.
McDonald, Mary R. Zier. Maria M.
j BRAUN— In this city. May 2.". 1893. Freddie
Johan, dq»irly. beloved and only ron of Albert
and Maria Braun. and nephew of Mrs.
Charles Bechtel. Johan Aihrecht and Fred-
erick Lang, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 years and 26 days. ~;: . ,
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his' parents, 13* Clara street, between Fourth
and Fifth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURNHAM-In Alameda. May 25. 1898, James
George, beloved son of James W. and Sarah
J. Burnham, and brother of Mrs. F. D. Marsh
. and W. H. Burnham, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years 3 months and 17 days.
' ICTThe ' funeral services will take place
this day (Friday!, at 11 o'clock, at the family
residence, 1837 Clinton avenue, Alameda. In-
terment private.* Please omit flowers.
CLARK— In this city. May 26, 1898, Walter P.
Clark, a native of Massachusetts, aged 27
• years 9 months and 23 days.
• zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitf.l to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
■ dence, 636. Valencia street.
CONWAY— In .this city. May 26. 1898. Nellie,
beloved daughter of the late John and Brid-
get Conway, and sister of the late Mary Con-
• j way, f a " native of San Francisco, aged 43
. years. .
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
-- fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of J. J. Smith, 32 Clarence place, off Town-
■ send street, between Second and Third, thence
to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repoß*
of her eonl. commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
| terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FABBRI— this city. May 25, IS9B, G. Fabbri
(Baby), beloved husband of the late Mary
Fabbri. father of Elizabeth. Romeo. George
and Xellle Fabbri. son ol Ester Fabbri, and
brother of Ferdinand Fabbri, a native of
Italy, aged 44 years.
tCJrXottce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at his late -residence, 6 Church avenue, be-
tween Broadway and Vallejo street.
FLYNN— In this city, May — , IS9B, Thomas P.,
beloved husband of Kate Flynn, and brother-
in-law of Miss Theresa Donnelly, a native of
i County Waterford, Ireland, aged 51 years.
• -' (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence," 255 Harriett street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A special request, please
■ omit -flowers.
HENNING— In this city, May 26. IS9B. Otto,
beloved husband of Mary Henning, and
father of Mrs. J. H. Ollson, Mrs. C. A. Beer,
and Henry. Frederick. James, Charles.
George, John and the late Walter J. Hen-
ning, a native of Germany, aged 65 years 8
months and 2* days.
IRWIN— In this city. May IS, IS9B. Margaret,
beloved wife of David Irwin. a native of Bel-
fast. Ireland, aged 63 years 4 months and 18
days. (Providence, R. 1., papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late residence,
1624 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
LALANDE-In this city. May 26, 1898, Jean
Lalande. beloved father of Louis J. Lalande.
a native of France, aged 77 years. -
C 7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
LORENZ-In this city. May .25. 1898, Marie
Lorenz. beloved sister of Mrs. Christian F.
M Haa«e, a native of Lauenburg, Pommern,
Germany, aged 38 years 2 months and 14 days.
(New York, Brooklyn and Louisville, . Ky.,
papers pleaso copy.)
irTFrienils and acquaintances and officers
and members of Justice Circle No. 104 C. p.
F ' are respectfully Invited to attend • the
funeral this day (Friday), at 2:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of Theodor Dlerks 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McDONALD-In this city. May 25 1898, Mary
Ruth. infant daughter of D. J. and Alice Mc-
Donald, aged 8 days. - '■■
MEDAU-In this city. May 25, 1898. Melinda
C widow of the late John P.. Medau and be-
loved mother of Mrs. Otto Turn Suden Mrs.
Louis Katz and Emil C.. Emma G. and John
E. Medau. a native of Wheeling, West "Va.,
aged 54 years. acquaintances are respect-
rr-rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2324 Pine street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers. . '
MUI HERN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 26 IS9B. Edward Hejjry Mulhern. a na-
tive of Canada, aged 40 years. -■
MUXK-In this city. May 26. 1893, Ernst Munk.
dearly beloved brother of Frit Munk. Mrs.
George Wollensch Baeger. William and Gus-
tave Munk. Mrs. Loenhardt Maler and Mary
Munk a. native of Unterturkhelm. Wurtem-
Germany, aged 19 years 9 months and
MURPHY— In this city, at Ocean View. May
25 1898. after a brief illness of pneumonia.
William, beloved husband of Mary J. Mur-
phy, and father of Maud. William Harry
and Allle Murphy, a native of Mlllstreet.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 62 years. A mem-
ber of Court FaraUon No. 71, F. of A.
(ryFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 315 Plymouth avenue. Ocean View.
: thence to St. Michael's Church where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated l for the
■repose of his soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . „„ ,™.
NORDSTROM— In this city. May 20, 1898. Char-
lotte 8.. beloved wife of Peter G. Nordstrom,
a native of Holmsted. Holland, aged 48 years.
(E?"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, R4O Indiana street. Interment 1.. O.
:.O.F. Cemetery. . „ ;,„
PLANK-In San • Jose. Cal.. May 23. 1898
George Plank, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
■ fifi vcar* ■ ■ * ■ ■
SCULLY-At the Palace Hotel May 26 1898
■--at 1-25 p. m.. Mrs. Florence Rees Scully; of
Pittsburg. Pa., sister of Captain James Rees.
(Chicago and St. Louis papers please copy.)
STECKELBERG-In this city. May 24. 1898.
Dorothea Phllipplna. < daughter- of Augusta
and the late . George Steckelberg. and sister
of Elsa and Freda Steckelberg, a native of
San Francisco, aged 35 years.
SUTHERLAND— East Santa Cruz. May M.
1838 Mrs. C. A. Sutherland, a native of New
York, aged 75 years.
WEMPLE— In San Jose. May 24, 1898, Harry
A. Wemple, aged 78 years.
ZIER— In Alameda, ! May 26. 1898, Maria Mair-
dalena Zler. beloved mother of . Mrs. M.
Heldt and Mrs. S. Volgt, and grandmother
of Mrs J. F. Forderer. Mrs. William C. For-
sythe the late Mrs. William G. Taylor and
George, John. Edward. Wesley, and Charles
Heldt, a native of Blshofsheim. Baden. Ger-
many, aged 87. years and 4 months. (Cincin-
nati papers please copy.) • -
- IT^Notice of funeral hereafter/
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBA.LMERS I
10 tUTE ST., Op;. Lincoln Bohoal. ?
Telephone. South 80. ■ I
h. b. m'avoy. Manager.
/V\cJ%VOY «fc CO., |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBR& I
i • ' 1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th> ; 1
-, • : ■■■• Telephone, South HI. - -|
1112
A SMALL MAJORITY FOR THE CHARTER.
THE TOTE
POLLED
WAS LIGHT
Significance of the
Tabulated Returns.
WORKINGMEN WERE BARRED
POLLS CLOSED EARLY AND
CAUSED COMPLAINT.
Districts Where Small Property
Holdings Are Situated Gave
Majorities Against the
New Organic Law.
San Francisco is to have a new char
ter. Such is the decision of a majority
of the voters who had sufficient inter
est in the present and future welfare
of the city to go to the polls yester
day and cast their ballots for or
against the adoption of the proposed
organic law.
The result was decided by about one
fifth of the voters of the city, a fact
that does not speak well for the public
spirit of the citizens of San Francisco
in a matter that Involves the very life
of the city. It Is, besides, unsatisfac
tory because it leaves in doubt the
question as to the real wishes of a ma
jority of the persons who are immedi
ately affected by the question in issue.
The total vote cast yesterday was
26.963. Of this number 14.386 were for
the charter. 12.025 against It, and 552
scattering. The charter was carried
by a majority of 2361 votes.
The small number of votes cast
proved a surprise both to the friends
and opponents of the charter, and to
account for it several reasons are al
leged. One of these is that the great
public interest that has been taken
In war news has to a certain extent
served to divert attention from the im
portance of the local issue. People
who would otherwise have studied the
provisions of the proposed charter were
engrossed with the fortunes of our sol
diers at home and abroad, and did not
find time to become partisans in a
cause that appeared to be overshadow
ed by the greater events in national af
fairs. Many working-men were unable
to cast their votes because the polls
closed so early that they were unable
to reach the voting booths in time.
Many complaints were heard on this
score and it is estimated that at least
5000 voters were prevented from cast
ing their ballots for this reason alone.
It Is a significant fart that In the dis
tricts where the greatest number of
small property holdings are situated
the majority nf the vote cast was
against the adoption of the new char
tor. The districts that returned a ma
jority against the charter were the
Twenty-eighth, Thirty-first, Thirty
second, Forty-third, Forty-fourth and
Forty-fifth.
With the exception of one or two
incidents of minor importance the elec
tion passed off quietly. To a stranger
In the city the fact that an important
election was in progress would never
have been suggested, so little did the
proceeding-? of the day interrupt the
ordinary routine of business. Even the
few stragglers about the polling places
were dull for want of an occasional in
cident to enliven the dead level of the
day's proceedings.
The work of counting the ballots pro
ceeded much faster than was antici
pated. It was generally believed, judg
ing from the slow manner in which the
ballots for Freeholders were counted,
that some of the outlying precincts
would not have their returns in before
11 o'clock. The men lost no time, how
ever, in getting through with the work
when the polls closed. An hour after
the balloting stopped the officers of
several of the precincts were on their
way to the Registrar's office with com
plete returns. About 7:30 o'clock the
returns came in thick and fast, and
the deputies In the office were kept on
the jump. Everything was handled
with dispatch, and two hours later the
returns were in from all the precincts
WEST BOUND
FREIGHT RATES
ADVANCES WILL BENEFIT
COAST MERCHANTS.
Freight Traffic Manager William
Sproule Speaks of the Trans
continental Meeting.
William Sproule, freight traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
returned last night from Milwaukee,
where he had gone to attend • the meet-
Ing of the Transcontinental Freight Bu
reau Association, and when seen at his
office to-day, said: "The results at the
Milwaukee meeting have been entirely sat
isfactory to the Pacific Coast merchants
In the adjustment of freight rates, and
•will prove of incalculable benefit to them.
The changes made were in the nature of
an equalization so as to bring about a
reasonable difference between carloads
and less than carload rates, westbound.
Heretofore the local merchants have en
deavored to bring about an increase of
freight rates from Eastern points, but it
has been rather by antagonism to than
co-operation with the railroad companies,
that they have sought to bring about
the desired result. When the transconti
nental meeting transferred its base of
operations from Monterey to Milwaukee,
a howl went up immediately that It was
done with the Intention of keeping our
merchants away on account of the dis
tance. But the very distance caused them
to take heroic measures and send repre
sentatives, who were well received by the
bureau, and weTe treated In every In
stance with favorable consideration. By
using proper tactics the merchants have
gained -all material points. Among the
gentlemen who appeared at the meet-
Ing were such prominent citizens as Mr.
Guggenheim, of Mack & Co., Arthur
Towne and Mr. Loveland, of the Associ
ated Groceries; George H. Tay .Mr. Rulof
son, of Baker & Hamilton Mr. Wheeler,
the executive head of Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson; Mr. Scott, of Miller,. Sloss &
Scott, besides Mr. Hart of Portland : Mr.
Reynolds of Los 'Angeles, and Mr. Brace
Hayden, of Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden.
When these gentlemen asked for a hear
ing they were given an afternoon.. to state
their . grievances. There ■ were , seventeen
altogether from < this coast, representing
all Tines of trade. ; The ? delegates \ from
Eastern jobbing houses were represented
by a - delegation not quite •so '' numerous,
consisting of \ the -president of the Mil
except two. Messengers were dis
patched to hurry up the officers and at
10 o'clock complete returns were in. It
took the clerks but a few minutes to
foot up the totals, and at 10:15 the work
of tabulating was completed.
The main office of the Registrar was
crowded by Interested citizens early in
the evening, but they left soon after the
first returns came in showing beyond
doubt that the friends of the charter
had carried the day. Colonel W. P.
Sullivan, Gavin McNab and Max Pop
per were particularly pleased with the
result, and the usual number cf
"Didn't I tell you so?" stories were re
counted.
The official canvass of the tally-sheets
may show some slight errors, but the
totals will not be changed fifty votes
either way.
The Vote by Assembly Districts.
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter '. **•
Against the new charter 667
Scattering • «■
Total ii 080
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 655
Against Ihe new charter 473
Scattering *9
Total "- 057
THIRTIETH DISTRICT.
For the new charter '. 648
Against the new charter s*o
Scattering 32
Total • 1-250
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
For the new charter 689
Against the new charter 092
Scattering 3S
Total 1.«9
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
For the new charter 481
Against the new charter 504
Scattering ............................ ...•■••.•^__
Total M«
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
For the new charter »4»
Against the new charter 6*5
Scattering «
Total 1. 53 ~
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter .' 1,004
Against the, new charter , * 855
Scattering - 36
Total 1.895
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 744
Against the new charter 568
Scattering 37
Total 1.349
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 1,269
Against the new charter 749
Scattering >>3
Total 2,071
THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 1,286
Against the new charter 973
Scattering «
Total 2.264
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 1,069
Against the new charter "SO
Scattering 39
Total LSBB
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 884
Against the new charter 678
Scattering — 24
Total 1.68*
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 1.233
Against the new charter 821
Scattering 33
Total .2,087
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
For the new charter 1,012
Against the new charter £65
Scattering 31
Total I.MS
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
For the new charter 679
Against the new charter 669
Scattering 11
Total 1.259
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
For the new charter - 620
Against the new charter 624
Scattering 12
■ Total 1.056
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 682
Against the new charter 711
Scattering 24
Total 1.297
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
For the new charter 843
Against the new charter 481
Scattering 30
Total 854
TOTAL.
For the new charter — 14,388
Against the new charter 12,025
Scattering 65?
Total 26.963
Majority for charter. ..^. 2,361
A QUIET ELECTION.
A Light Vote Polled, and Little
Enthusiasm Shown at
the Booths.
The election passed off quietly in the
Western Addition. Not an Incident of any
note happened and except for the small
crowds that gathered around the booths
a stranger would not have known that an
election was in progress. Very few chal
lenges were interposed, and then only
under what might be termed facetious cir
cumstances.
At the polling places on Polk street,
near Hayes, an old man entered the booth
waukee Business Men's League and offi
cials from the Chicago and St. Louis
Traffic Association, and they were given
the forenoon to state their side of the
case. After mature deliberation, the bu
reau decided In favor of granting the con
cessions asked by the Pacific Coast, and
as much protection to California's inter
ests as could be granted without prejudice
to the public and the carriers' interests
were given.
While the new tariff schedule contem
plates an advance in westbound rates In
less than carload lots in almost every
particular, it also applies to certain com
modities in carload lots. There has been
a noticeable Increase in the rate on dry
goods. Where the old rate wa.s $1 50, it
will be under the new tariff $2 20. an in
crease of 70 cents a hundred pounds. Dress
goods In cases, raised from $1 50 to $2 w);
in bales, from ?2 25 to $3. Earthenware,
from $1 30 to $1 50 in less than carload
loads, and in carload lots, from $1 to $1 75.
Brass goods, from $1 to $1 50. Bar iron,
from $1 to $1 25. Canned goods, raised
from 85 cents to $1 by the car.dad, and
from $1 to $1 50 in less than carload lots.
The following are the westbound terminal
class rates, the first figures being accord
ing to the old tariff, and the second those
of the new tariff: Class 1, $3—2 40; class
2, $2 60—2 50; class 3, $2 20—2 00; class 4,
$1 90—1 70.
Read Bret Harte's great story, Sal
only Jane's Kiss, in next Sunday's
Call.
LEE FAT WILL NOT HANG.
Jury Found Him Guilty, but Fixed
the Penalty at Imprisonment
for Life.
I*ee Fat, who stabbed Lee Tong, a fel
low-countryman, to death at the corner of
Washington and Stockton streets last De
cember, will not hang for his crime, but
will remain in prison the rest of his days.
The case of the prisoner was concluded
yesterday noon and at 2 p. m. the Jury
was charged and retired to deliberate on
a verdict. Ten minutes later it returned
and filed a verdict of guilty of murder in
the first degree against the prisoner, but
fixed the penalty at life imprisonment.
Lee Fat was lucky to escape the gal
lows. He was caught red-handed at the
time of the murder. His attorneys, B. L.
MoKinley, B. B. Harrington and D. C. B.
McCarthy, put up a strong fight for their
client, however, and saved his neck. The
convict will probably be sentenced a week
from Saturday.
■ ♦ » _
Life of the Rough Riders in camp
in Tampa, Fla., described in next
Sunday's Call,
THE BAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 27, IS9B.
and proceeded to cast his ballot. On be
ing questioned by one of the election offi
cers he became belligerently indignant
and threatened to clean out the place.
"You can't monkey with me," he shout
ed as he raised his cane over his head.
•'I did politics when you fellows were
kids."
Realizing that the old man meant busi
ness, no further obiectlon was made to
him depositing his ballot. As he left the
booth he turned around and laughingly
remarked that he was on to his job. and
did not propose to be "bunkoed out of his
The heaviest vote was polled up to 10
o'clock In the morning. After that the
voting seemed to lag. and it was not until
late In the afternoon that it again be
came brisk. The large quota of voters
from the various factories and workshops
visited the booths shortly before the polls
closed, and helped to swell the total vote.
The clerks had specific Instructions to ex
pedite the counting of the ballots, and be
fore 9 o'clock last night every precinct
In the city had been heard from.
The Mission District.
In the Mission some of the mechanics
and trades people who report for work at
7 o'clock took advantage of the fact that
the booths were opened before 6 o'clock
and many of them went to the polls and
voted while their wives were preparing
breakfast. At no time was there any
delay In the booths. It was but a matter
of a few seconds' work to stamp and fold
the ballot and see it deposited In the bal
lot box. There was a lull In the voting
after 6:30 o'clock and the election ofllcers
had nothing to do but kill time for the
next hour. Then came another small rush.
Business men and downtown clerks who
do not go to their offices until 9 o'clock
were surprised when they reached their
booths and learned that an average of
about 150 votes had been cast in each
polling place before they had thought of
geeting out of bed. After the second
contingent of voters was disposed of there
was another quiet spell. Some of the
booths did not average ten votes an hour
from then on until noontime. Then many
who had neglected to vote In the morn
ing stopped In at the booths on their way
home to lunch.
There was but little soliciting of votes
either for or against the charter around
the booths. The average voter had made
up his mind before leaving home just how
he Intended voting and he did not care
to listen to any further arguments. The
charter champions had representative*
around the polling places and so did those
who were opposed to It. It is safe to
say that neither side changed many votes.
A largo squad of policemen under Po
lice Lieutenant Price was kept on duty at
the Seventeenth street station, but they
were not required. There was not a sin
gle disturbance reported and only one ar
rest made at the station and that a plain,
common, ordinary drunk.
The Downtown Districts.
In the downtown precincts the electloi.
was as peaceful and quiet as a
holiday. The vote was exceedingly light
in every precinct and the majority of
ballots cast were deposited during the
early morning hours. By noon fully
three-fourths of the vote had been polled.
The only disturbance of consequence
took place In the booth of the Fifteenth
Precinct of the Thirtieth Assembly Dis
trict. During the afternoon a gang of
a half-dozen toughs, among whom were
several ex-eonvlcts. entered the booth and
announced their intention of running
things to suit themselves.
Ofiiccr Snndman, who was on duty,
warned the gang rot to attempt to carry
out their threat, but they only laughed
at the officer and proceeded to take
charge of the ballot-box. Sergeant
Hrophy happened along just at that In
stant and joined the patrolman in re
sisting the hoodlums. "Johnny" Smith,
who makes his headquarters at Sixth and
Harrison streets and is well known to
the police, was the ringleader, and headed
a vicious attack on the officers. They
were compelled to handle him pretty se
verely before they could handcuff him.
His friends attempted to rescue him, but
were speedily put to flight, and Smith
was locked up on charges of disturbing
the peace and battery.
When the polls opened there was a pro
test against the election officers of the
Eighth Precinct of the Twenty-ninth Dis
trict, most of whom were employes of the
city. They closed the booth and started
out to find* substitutes, one returning with
his father, another with his brother and
others pressing friends into service, and
these pelf-constituted officers served
throughout the day.
Aside from these affairs everything
passed off as quietly as could be expected.
Election Incidents.
Michael William DriPcoll, who gives his
occupation as a farmer, was arrested yes
terday morning in the First Precinct of
the Twenty-eighth District on a charge
of perjury in falsely swearing In his vote.
The complaining witness is Registrar
Blggy. who says the charge will be
changed to illegal voting In the morning.
Driscoll called at the Registrar's office
in the morning- He said he formerly lived
at 547 Howard street, but for the past
nine months he had been living at 200
Mission street. His answers to questions
aroused the suspicions of the Registrar,
and he was warned to be careful. In
quiry wa? made at the lodging house, 200
Mission street, and it was found that
Driscoll had not lived there for the past
nine months, but had been In Los An
geles. The Registrar sent a deputy to
the polling booth, and when Driscoll ten
dered his vote he was placed under ar
rest. His friends endeavored to get Judge
Low to release him on his own recogni
zance, but the Judge refused. The Regis
trar Is determined to make an example
of him.
Herman Schultz, a bartender In a saloon
on Ninth street, near Mission, was ar
rested yesterday morning for selling
liquor on election day. He was released
on $50 cash bail. This was the only ar
rest of the kind made.
DIPLOMAS FOR
THE GRADUATES
STUDENTS OF SACRED HEART
COLLEGE HONORED.
The Annual Exercises Were Held
Before a Large Audience
at Metropolitan
Temple.
The annual commencement exercises of
the Sacred Heart College were held last
evening before an Immense and enthusi
astic audience at Metropolitan Temple.
Many degrees and medals were awarded
to graduates and scores of certificates to
undergraduates who had completed a suc
cessful term In the various branches of
study In which they were matriculated.
Among the students who suceossfun
completed the course prescribed for the
cc'legiate department, and who received
certificates entitling them to entrance in
the senior class of St. Mary's College at
Oakland, were as follows: James Aloy
sius White, Edward Mulville, William
John Walsh, Henry Ignatius Stark and
Rudolph Ignatius Longabaugh.
From the business department diplomas
were awarded to William James O'Con
nor, Bernard Maurice Power and Martin
Putrick Power.
The gold medal, which was presented to
the college by His Grace Archbishop Rior
dan, for the best scholarship in Christian
doctrine, was won by, and awarded to
William John Walsh, of the second col
legiate class, William O'Connor being sec
ond and the next in merit.
In addition to the medal awarded by the
Archbishop there were five more presented
by the Rev. Father Prendergast, V G
being for toe same scholarship. They
were awarded as follows: To James Pat
rick O'Brien, third collegiate class; Ber
nard Maurice Power, fourth collegiate
class; Council Julian Goodell, first Inter
mediate; John J. Carolan. second inter
mediate; William J. A. Dowdlgan, third
intermediate, and James P. Walsh, of the
fourth intermediate.
The programme, which was 'specially ar
ranged for the occasion, comprised many
excellent essays of a classical as
well as a religious nature. Interspersed
at frequent intervals were a goodly num
ber of patriotic songs and essays.
Bead "How to Make a Fortune,"
by twelve millionaires, in next Sun
day's Call.
WOULD LIKE
TO GO TO
CONGRESS
Rollcall of Would-Be
Statesmen.
CANDIDATES IN PROSPECT.
FEW PLACES, BUT NO DEARTH
OF ASPIRANTS.
The Sixth District Holds the Pen
nant for the Greatest Number
of Politicians Who Have
Ambitions.
With the prospect in view that a con
siderable period will elapse before the
holding of the Republican and Demo
cratic State conventions the natural in
clination of prospective candidates to
declare themselves is being held in
check in order that tIK-v may
themselves from the certainty of suf
fering from the combinations of politi
cal rivals. This condition of things is
particularly true as concerns the men
who will seek the Congressional nomin
ations in the various districts of the
State.
There are few among the present del
egation of California Congressmen who
will not ask to be returned to their
seats, and in a few instances it Is not
improbable that such expectations will
find favor in the minds of the voting
public. In the First Congressional Dis
trict, for Instance, John A. Barham
will seek re-election, and as yet no one
of prominence has come forward to op
pose his claims. The friends of T. H.
i Selvage of Ilumboldt have been trying
to induce that gentleman to oppose
Barham's aspirations for a second
term, but as yet he has not signified
his willingness to do so. State Senator
Gillette has no desire for the place,
and Frank L. Coombs of Napa, who
could have the nomination it he so de
sired, prefers to hold his friends to
their agreement to secure for him the
appointment of United States District
Attorney. Failing in that he would
still retain his present position of State
Librarian.
In the Second Congressional District
several candidates are already in the
field. Marion de Vries proposes to
make a bid for re-election on the
strength of the record he has made in
Congress during the past two years.
He is unfortunate, in that he will prob
ably be opposed by so prominent and
popular a Republican as P. A. Buell of
Stockton. The district is conceded to
be Republican, and if Mr. Buell re
ceives the nomination, a fact concern
ing which there is little doubt should
he decide to make the run, he will be
elected. Judge J. M. Walling of Ne
vada City is also an aspirant for the
nomination, as is Frank D. Ryan of
Sacramento. The candidacy of the lat
ter Is not considered to be in any way
formidable, as he lacks the support of
his own county delegation.
Victor J. Metcalf, the Oakland at
torney, has announced himself as being
in the race for the Congressional nom
ination In the Third District. He will
contest with the incumbent, S. Q.
Hilborn, for the favor of the Re
publican State Convention. Hilborn
has made many enemies for himself by
the manner in which he has handled
the patr.inag" of the district. The Re
publicans of Solano and Yolo counties
are particularly Incensed against him,
and to Judge from present indications
he will not be able to go to the con
vention with sufficient strength to se
cure the nomination. In case of a close
contest between Metcalfe and Hilborn
Woodland will furnish a compromise
candidate In the person of Reese Clark.
He has many strong and Influential
friends and his claims for recognition
would meet with favor in the event of
a deadlock in the district delegation.
Sheriff Calvin B. White is said to be
in the race on the Democratic side.
The gubernatorial aspirations of Con
gressman Maguire having caused him
to burn his bridges behind him as far
as the Fourth District is concerned,
there is every prospect of a warm
scramble for the chance to become his
successor. Conditions are favorable for
Republican success in the district at
the coming For Uiis reason it
is expected that several Republicans
will come forward with a bid for the
nomination. On the Democratic side of
the fence there are also several as
pirants for the place. W. P. Lawler,
who had the leadership of the Demo
cratic silver campaign in the district
in 1896, is seeking the nomination.
Joseph P. Kelly is also seeking the
place. He was formerly a resident of
the Fifth District, where he sought the
Congressional nomination without sue-
Congressman Loud will make an at
tempt to secure his own re-election
from the Fifth District. He is a capa
ble man and has made an enviable rec
ord during his term of office. Julius
Kahn, the popular attorney, will seek
the Republican nomination and his
many friends are already at work pro
moting his i olitical boom. County
Clerk Curry is also said to have pinned
his hopes on securing the nomination
and will use what political influence
may be left to him to obtain it.
In the Sixth District the woods are
full of candidates. "Announcements"
of Republicans and Democrats who
wish to succeed to the seat now held by
Congressman Barlow are as numerous
as the flowers in May. Barlow, who
was wafted to Washington on the wave
of fusion, is seeking re-election, but
there is no immediate probability of his
attaining his ambition. In the lmprob
! able event of the fusion of the Demo
cratic. Populist and Silver Republican
forces during the coming campaign.
Judge E. H. Lamme, who has achieved
some distinction as a Silver Republi
can, will make a bid for the union nom
ination. On the Republican side of the
fence there are several men more or
less prominent in the affairs of the par
ty who will make an attempt to secure
the nomination. R. J. Waters of Los
Angeles has been playing fast and
j loose with his desire for the place and
is still urged as a possible candidate in
spite of recent announcement that he
had retired from the race. In case he
should persist in his declared intention
to be only an interested spectator-, Billy
Dunn and J. R. Newberry. who have
been posing as the promoters of his po
litical boom, will find themselves out
of a job. Major J. A. Donnell, District
Attorney of Los Angeles, is also a pros
pective candidate, as is W. J. Hill, edi
tor of the Salinas Index, and Jamea
McLaughlin, the Incumbent. Among
the Democrats who hope to secure the
nomination are Mayor Snyder of Los
Angeles, R. F. Del Valle, George S.
Patton, T. O. Toland of Ventura and
John F. Humphreys. The list is a for
midable one and there are still more to
follow.
Congressman Bowers has announced
that he will not be a candidate for re
election from the Seventh District.
.Among those why aspire to the honors
to which he lays no further claim are
A. J. Pillsbury of Tulare and Captain
M. J. Daniels of Riverside. Scipio
Craig, editor of the Redlands Citro
graph, is also mentioned as a possible
candidate.
EMPIRES AND OLYMPICS.
Popular Gun Clubs Have Agreed to
Meet at the Traps in the
Near Future.
The Olympic Gun Club has at last ac
cepted a challenge which it received
some weeks ago from the Empire Gun
Club to shoot a team match bf>st two in
three events for a financial consideration,
the value of which win be determined
upon by a committee of three men select
ed from each team.
The teams will be composed of twelve
men from each club and each man will
deposit either $2 50 or $5, the sum total
going to make up the pot.
According to the conditions agreed upon
one of the shoots will be held at Ingle
side and the other at the Empire Gun
Club grounds In Oakland; a toss of a coin
will decide where the final shoot will be
held.
It will be some time before the Olympic
Gun Club will announce its team, but the
Empires are certain to select their clay-
Bmashers from the following men: King,
McCutchon, Klevcsahl, Andrus, Sears,
Rioklefson, Kerrison, Fisher, Debenham,
Shaw, Zelner, Mitchel, Batten, McCrae.
RED CROSS DAY AT
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
A HEAVILY FILLED CABD OF
MIXED RUNNING EVENTS.
The Poolrooms Will Close for the
Occasion — Ten Bookmaking
Firms Will Lay-
Odds.
The benefit tendered to the Red Cross
Society and Sanitary Commission of Cali
fornia, under the auspices of the Cali
fornia and Pacific Coast Jockey Clubs
combined, at Oakland racetrack this af
ternoon, hn.s attracted a great lot of en
tries. Tht different events filled beyond
all expoo.'ations. and "Dick" Havey, the
favorite California starter, will have his
ir.inas full at the post.
Five races will be decided. The pool
rooms at both Sausallto and Ocean View
will close for the occasion, and the "regu
lais" will: attend in force. Neither will
there be a dearth of the bookmaking fra
ternity, for the following well-known
firms neve signified an Intention of chalk
ing jp prices: Max Blumenthal, Ed Wal
lace. Harlan & Co., Humphrey & Corbett,
Phil Archibald. Central Club and George
Rose will probably have at . least- two
Looks on.
1 he entries are as follows:
First Race — Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling: purse, $300.
10S7 Tenacity 112 1050 P. F 109
1021 Pasha 112 1097 Don Gara 115
889 Ida H 110 1097 Howard 117
1085 Rejected 1 112 1095 Fort Augustus. .117
1098 Mahogany 112 ioso Florimel 107
1085 Barnato 112 1098 The Dragon ....115
10S5 Navy Blue 112 1073 Roy Carruthers.lO9
1062 Miss-Ruth 110 1062 Talbot Clifton. . .ll2
1064 Spry Lark 110 1065 Major Cook ....117
1097 Fig Leaf 112 917 Santa Paula ....107
10SO Blue Bell 110 1 1088 February 107
BSS Molli* R 110I10S5 Grandezia 107
Second Race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse, $300.
1093 Rev H00ker.... 113 i 1093 The Fretter ....113
1063 Sir I'rlan 110 ' 10".2 Practice 100
1093 Stone L 100 1062 Croasmollna 100
1057 Jennie Reid 1001 1093 Dunpraise 103
Third Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling; purse. $300.
1079 Brown Prince. . .102 10S9 Formella 112
1094 Emma Roy ... .112 1051 Miss Remsen ..105
1092 Oahu 112 1094 Magnus U«
I'M". I»na Marie . . . 100 1051 Uncle True 107
1091 Imp Missloner..HO 1092 Satlcoy 117
11*1 Kitty Blake 108 1076 Ping 117
1076 Estro 110 930 Scintillate 102
1091 Carbineer 117 1094 Tenrica 110
1079 Id. .menus ... 104 98S Little T. G 105
447 Darechota 105 1079 Jim Brownell ..105
MM Nora Richards.. 100 1002 Qulrte 100
Fourth Race<— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling; purse,
$300. r
1r..-.:, Fly m|lOS7 Joe Terry 116
1097 Imp. Bitter Root 5b 1 1098 Rapldo 113
1012 Rosormonde 91 1875 Sarrtou 113
1090 Roy del Tlerra. lin 1 I°M Roserr.ald 91
lOtTTom Smith 10»|10»8 Metaire 113
678 Major S 103 1 1094 Lo« l'rietos ...93
1098 st. 1 >i=tafr .... 3- 1 low Masoero 113
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; s«elllng; purse, $300.
1091 Carbineer 105 109S Zarro lie
1073 6'Fleeta IM 407S Jim, Bozeman. . .110
I*2 Negligence 10; 1089 Polish IIS
242 La France ios 10S7 Alwro U\<
10*6 Cromwell 113 1066 Olive 108
10S0 Trappean 113 1097 Sly log
1091 Pan Mateo 113 1092 Lady Ashley ..1W
1095 Earl Cochran ..ll* l'">."0 Wt-noma 108
1987 Loot Girl Kfc loss Soscol 102
SELECTIONS.
First Race— Major Cook, Santa Paula. Fig
Leaf.
Second Rac«— The Fretter, Rey Hooker, Sir
TTrlan.
Third Race — Imp. Mlssioner, Formella, Satl
coy.
Fourth Race— Ix>s Prietos. Rey del Tierra.
Rosormnnde.
Fifth Race— Sly, San Mateo, Polish.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
enough for a man to brag
' a).<out his toughness when
he has reached a ripe old age. The
men who live long lives are the ones who
take care of their health in youth and
maturity. They realize the truth of the
old saying that "a stitch in time saves
nine." The ones who don't do this die
off of nervous prostration, heart failure
and consumption.
The best of all health-restorers and
health preservers is Dr. Pierces Golder
Medical Discovery. It cures 98 per cent,
of all cases of consumption. It wards off
nervous troubles and wasting diseases.
It corrects all disorders of the digestion,
invigorates the liver and restores the
appetite. It fills the arteries with the
pure, rich, red blood of health. It tears
down, and carries off old, inert and
half-dead tissues and replaces them by
new. It builds firm, healthy flesh. It
makes the muscles strong and elastic and
steadies and tones the nerves. It cure*
debility and weakness of every descrip-
tion. It is the product of the life-time
experience and study of an eminent and
skillful specialist, Dr. R. V. Pierce, for
thirty years chief consulting physicfan to
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
at Buffalo, N. Y. Thousands of men and
women have testified to its virtues.
Druggists sell it.
There is nothing in the world " just as
good," although avaricious druggists will
sometimes say so for the sake of the
greater profit to be made upon the in-
terior aiti<!~
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to curs
BICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood.
dossil's Specific Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. Tha
medicine contains nothing of tha leaat Injury
to the constitution. Ask your dnirffist lor It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®. DECORATION DAY— stores remain closed all day; . ©
®-. SATURDAY — We shall close as usual 6p. m., our employes having a ®
©: holiday from that hour to 8 a. m. Tuesday. ®
® .. AFTERNOON CONCERT to-morrow, Saturday 2tosp. m. ®
® TO-DAY'S OFFICIAL WEATHER REPORT— CIoudy Friday; northwesterly ®
® wind. . : . ®
® LADIES' parlor and private corset-fitting rooms open. ®
® s ®
® ®
® ®
I- . *«* «f 1
® TP^x — P^cil7 r Birdcages in the Bazaar! O ®
| 1 \J-U<Xy Great Show af Patriotic Belts! O €X • Ill* ©
© »-V : - '••■%. - Millinery creations reduced! ~ - ©
® PTlClfly Graduation necessaries! 5113.rP ®
I " Flags, Bunting and Badges! * ®
® ©
I Worth counts more than price. %
© . ■ ' ©
® In other words, "good goods" at a reasonable price give ©
® better satisfaction — and bring more trade — steady day-by- ®
© day trade — than goods offered just at a price known as ©
® « "cheap." We will sell at the closest profit on guaranteed ©
% good,. I
© . .". - ®
® Birdcages We've said before that the success of a store can be gauged ©
®. in the by its persistent spreading out. We've added a huge ®
? Bazaar. bazaar — largest department in our whole series of stores. ®
© To-day we offer Birdcages of best brass spring wire ®
© firmly riveted, not soldered, thereby insuring firmness and ~!
© strength ; perches and cups complete included in these ©
® ■ prices, and all have wire net guard : ©
® Body 10?ix8^ in. 10^x7 l - 2 in. S%x6K in. 9x6 in. . ®
® Base 13Xx11 in. Oil 13^x10% in. 7fl 12?ix9% in. Kl] 12J4x9^ in %\ QE ®
® Height WA in. VIiUU WA in. V*"" 12% in. *•'"« 12 in. V' 1"" ©
fa (If you live in the city inspect these cages. .The measurements are particularly ®
r: for out-of-town patrons.) ®
© SPECIAL FOR THIS DAY— A Brass Wire Cage, perches and ©
© cups complete, for 50c and 75c ©
® ©
' ] Patriotic White Kid Belts, army regulation buttons, and Your ®
0 Belts. inlaid with the Cuban flag on each end Choice ®
© Now the Rafec. White Kid Belts, studded with army buttons, PA^ ®
® in 3 styles of buckles — metal, kid or army OUL/ Each ©
® "■' Tricolor, Canvas and Kid Belts with army buckles. Black ®
®' ' ' Silk Belts with gilt army buttons and harness buckle. ®
© (Special Display in Fancy Department) ©
® ' ./: iPfJI ®
® Millinery See our window for the latest creation, "The Julia ®
Display Opp" Sailor $1.00 ®
® In window. The new "Newport" Sailor, in white and all ©
® colors 75 @
© "Rough and Ready" Sailors, formerly 75c and ®
® 50c .; 25 ®
A Making up an extensive line of new hats for show after ©
© . Decoration Day, and make these prices to introduce our ©
® display. ®
® . ®
® ■ Decoration We can supply Flags, Bunting and Badges — ®
% Day. more complete and at less cost than others. Out stock 5
fa warrants us in saying so. ®
® -'."J'/i"' ® '
® Wash Goods. Graduation and Seaside Fabrics on view. ®
1 937=939=941=943=945=947 Market Street. I
® ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@®
S3 888 8 !S 8 88 888.888 8.888
1 We Know It Pays 1
a To do right. That Is how we have sue- *°
SS ceeded In building up our business. We $5
o* never misrepresent an article or falsely JJ
c# misquote a price. . If you have never ■
*° traded with us. give us a trial. Special
SS for this week: Ladies' Ox Blood Kid *o
£• Button Shoes, cloth or kid tops, coin or So
I misquote a price. and you have never --
traded with us. Rive us a trial. Special
for this week: Ladies' Ox Blood Kid *o
Button Shoes, cloth or kid tops, coin or JJ
nnrrow square toes and tips; will be of- c »
*° fered for SI 65 per pair. The regular . .^j
SS price was $2 50. but as we have not all *°
gj sizes, we concluded to close the lines gg
c* out. A few pairs of tan cloth tops at „
*, the . same . figure. *°
So : Great • reduction in - Spring-Heel Foot- "8?
wear, Misses* and Children's Tan Cloth ©•
SS «w^_i,« lnul Top Button or . Lace "°
o* wtSSBB jjht*\ Shoes, with narrow JJ
•o lOjfcijS R^fl coin toes and spring „
88 I _jL_ V» Child's sizes, SH 88
ISS I VWK& \M to ; 10H ..........70c eg
IT r-iY ™ Misses' sizes, 11 _.
eJsmL i^. t0 2 90 °'
•* H^l^Sr*^A. Former prices, *j
SS • $1 25 and $1 50. SS
The Button Shoes cm
•3 are in A. Band C •>»
J5 widths and the Lace Shoes In A and B SS
widths. o,
♦3 . . Country, orders, solicited. ; Mo - *°
"^■S^L^^^w Former prices, *^
/\ tl 25 and Jl 50. 8o
The Button Shoes o»
~*^^"* are In A, B and C * J
widths and the Lace Shoes In A and B 2*
widths. !;
Country orders solicited. *3
2j Send for Illustrated Catalogue. g«
B. KATCHINSKI, 1
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., c^
ss 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco, a
§88888888 88 88888 8.8
000000000000000009
S w PALACE *' p g
% GRAND H °TMU*%
jq 7 ' ;S/i« . FI»/l«C/SCO. i q
**, Ccnn^ctedoy v i-..v- r «>il [.a»»<nr«wr. ft
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath AttaohaJ.
O ;>iA UKDICR/OXB Manaos**** O,
O - .NOTE' THE PRICES: ." O
a European Plan. 9l. OO per day and upward ft,,
w American Plan. S3. OO per day »nd upward 'r
! C ' '■ Correwrx'niiHn^e Solicited. ™..i'O.
O JOHN C; SiaKPATBICK, Mtntgtr. O
o 00000 0 00 0 0 0 0000 o o
WONG WOO,
r^m CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'bP'B .. SANITARIUM, >
\fc^JL^ 764-66 CLAY ST., San rr»nei«e«,O»l.
-JmHmb'' . All f diseases cured exclu«lT»-
TKI^-IW lv b * Chinese herbs, over 3000
fffiGtiltJitW^ varieties beln« used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7to
»p. m.- ■:•.-■.-- •.«•.-•■■' ' __^ ,
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth ' Floor. ~ Room 1015. Glaus Spreckels . Bldg. ;
Telephone Brown Ml.--' ...
- Residence. : 821 California street, ;:.; below
, Powell, San Francisco. • ci.-
•■■■■-.- ■ • . . . » . - . * ■ ' ' ' ."":'■. *•—"■
SURETY BONDS.
| FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT CO.
OF MARYLAND.
Home Office. Baltimore, Maryland.
financialTtatement
January I, 1898.
RESOURCES.
Real estate (Fidelity building).. $ 600.000 00
State and municipal bonds 1,255,010 00
Street railway bonds (Baltimore
City) 169.240 00
Railroad and other bonds 186,550 00
Agents' debit balances, less commis-
sions 95.116 34
Premiums in course of collection
(home office) 6,020 43
Caen in office and banks 188,687 SI
$2,600,624 S3
LIABILITIES.
Capital stock (paid in) $1,000,000 00
Surplus 1,000,000 00
Premium reserve 435,089 69
Claims in process of
adjustment .7,829 78
Claims reported, but proof
not filed 20.607 71
Undivided profits  37,097 15
-. ■ $2,500,524 SI
EDWIN WARFIELD, President.
HERMAN E. BOSLER.
Secretary and Treasurer.
FRANK %-,. GILBERT.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
204-208 Sansome St., San Francisco.
GENUINE
AND CHOICE
ORIENTAL
Brought -W-\ TT/>| fH
Direct from [I If 1
£r li U Ixo
BY
LEVON BABAYAN,
A Native Merchant,
WILL BE SOLD OUT
AT AUCTION
Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
May 26, 27 and 28,
• At 2 p. m. Each Day,
!AT 106=108 GRANT AVENUE,
' Between Post and Geary.
GOODS ON VIEW TO-DAY/ -
We are Instructed to sell these goods regard'
less of cost to close out the entire stock.
. EASTON. ELDRIDGE.& CO.,
■ ' ' ■ ■ . Auctioneers.
IhutcnultyT
T'Tirs rvEr,ii-KNOw>: and reliable OM»
J. Specialist Prlvate.Nervous.
I Discuses of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Boole, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to >
dai!y;6:.To toS.SOev'es. Sanduys, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential '"all or address
P. ROMC'OK McriBLTT. M." D..
«G'<j Keurnr Street- San Franciico. C«&
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac ; . and speciiic lonlo
for the sexual and urinary orsans ' of both,
sexes, and ; a great remedy lor : diseases of th»
kidneys y and bladder. A great Restorative "
i Invigorator ■■ and s Nervine. , Sells on Its ~ own
Merits; > no long-winded testimonials . necessary
; NABER, ■■ ALPS & BRUNE, Agents *
S3 Market Street, S. F.— (Send ; for Circular.)